The Y ace at the Wuidowvj fiilvanl Tuda met mo at the Bavilla ono ?vening and took uio aside. I. wsa living in two . rooms not far from the Edgwara irond. l !tieioli'here,'Williiim?," he hegan,"l,am going to Egypt on this 'oholera conimisuion, nud I sb&U; bo away for six' months at leant. If you liko to move iuto my hous? .while I uni away, do so." '??',?'; "Into yonr hon?e in Orosvenor street?" I ?exolaimed. . ' ."Yes. Why hot f M he replied lightly. I will leave oheqnes for the rent and taxes. Sou will be doing mc a kindness. : Gait is a tidy man, but I would prefer not to leave the servants alone in tho houso." ; ?-.? *' Bat as to ront ?" I said dubiously. ? ? ; "Haver mind about that. Or.stay. Id place of. rent you oan pay (: x board wages, or find thoir ; -3e;V H y? n ploaae." '?': " Done with yon," I oried heartily. ?"?'? . A week later I moved into the house in Gxosvenor street, No. 190. It was a fair-sized house. On. the right of the hall was the ?dining-room, spacious ond wsfneooted in ; oak, with'maah sombre furniture, and one large window which looked upon the street. 'Behind this was the consulting room. Tho window horn was overlooked, but a window garden'well stocked .with ferns, and sbo;* it a curious woe blind, scoured the needful privacy; 7 So much tor tbe house. . I had been in it about three weeks | tbe words," Come and jero?-o; Ism living in Qrosvenor street nbw," wore beginning to lose their first sweetness in tho mouth, when, on going out ono morning, I found a man standing on the doorstep. He ;had that momont rung the bell. ?;?' "Oootor Silvani Todd?" he aekod, looking from mc to a paper he held In bis hand. ??'Are you Doctor Silvani Todd, sir?" " No,*' I hastened to answer, fearing that ho was oolleating ratos and taxes. " I am not Dootor Todd. He is in Egypt—in the Soudan) right up in the country, in fact." '? " Anyone living here beside Dootor Silvani Todd I" ho askod jerkily, poising a pencil above bis list, -"Living here? Woll, I am living here, but—" "Christian name, Burname and profos oion," be put in briskly. " A oard will in sure accuracy." Then ho explained that he waa a aanva??sr for n directory. "lour oard, sir? Thank yon," he said. "The name shall bs inserted. May I take your order for a copy?" ', "So," I roplied brusquely, "Is that oil you'want f" "All this morning, thank yoa," he airily answered. Ho was not one whit abashed by my man ner or scrutiny. ? " Then good-morning." ,- I held the door open,'and only ehnt it When he had fairly turned tho corner. I am a shy man, and his ooolnosa had staggered mo. lint it I had not seen him, when my bank was turned, as he supposed, In the act of examining my letter-box—not the look ot tha door, or the bolts or ohain, but the letterbox ot all things—l waa a Dutoh man. What could the man want with my letter-box f I began, though I would not have confessed to the fooling for tbe world, to dislike the stillness and gloom of the hoase. It wae natural that each quartets should seem quiet in comparison with my old lodgings; but this alone did not aoeount fax my uneasiness, whioh grow bo marked that tha striking ot a cloak startled mo, and a ley ot sunlight shooting athwart the dim ness ol the room made mc jump. ' Ho, 1 caught tho infeotion from Gait. Ho wao a tall, moon-faced man, ordinarily ; the model ol a lino and rule servant, sober and steady, and not too intelligent. Bnt he had a queer habit of going stealthily about the bouse, and though I did not mind this muoh, Z did object to anothor trick he had ot glanc ing over his shoulders as he waited at table, while his face would put on at thcas times an unpleasant listening expression. More than onco I camo upon him standing still in the hall listening. And it I went into tho con sulting room to water tbe ferns, ha wns suro to bo at my elbow tho next minute, listening again, I daresay. But thla was not all. One night something happened, which gave mo roal ground (or uneasiness. I bad gone to bed early, but I oould not sloop, und while I was lying awake, I thought I heard a cautions footstep on the ataire. At ruy door it paused—if it was a footstep—for I could only hear the oreaking of a board at intervals; then it seemed to go lower. ni All fancy 1" I said to myself, and turned over. " All fanoy I" -Bat I was net quits Bati-flod, and presently with a hard word for my folly, jumped np, j end in my pyjamas, just an I was, went oat' on the landing. 1 oould hear nothing. I crept sollly down the stairs in the dark. All waa still. Tho ticking of the eight-day clook and the occasional grating of a window as the breoee rose ox fell were tho only sounds inoido the house. Outside a cab rumbled by. I reaohed the foot of tho stairs, and, satisfied now that I had deceived myself, was turning to go back, when my movemoni brought tho keyhole of the oonsulting-room door under my eye. A thin beam ol light shot from it into the darkness ottho hall. Weil, I hesitated ; perhaps while tbe clock abovo ticked a dosen times. I considered the position. Someone might have corelossly I_JJ4 a light burning in that room. Only tho room was not in nse. And then what of tbo steps on the stairs? On tho other hand, there might be a burglar inside. And then had I not hotter summon the police f Bat suppose I did this, and lo I b mere lighted oahille? That would be a humiliation in deed. I feared the burglar, bnt ridiaalo moro. Stepping forward, I flung opon tbe door and stood on my guard, {For a second or two I was das-led by tho light, though it proceeded only from a single cttndlo on tho mantel, No one moved in tbo room. No one was to be seen. I stepped caatiously in with a smilo on my faoo, and —and jumped, 1 daresay, a couple of foot aside. ... ?? Why, Gait I" I orisd tha next minute, eecing that it really was tho servant who, alone and half-dressed, was standing by the window. "What aro yon doing here? What are yon doing up at this time ot night!" I cried imperatively. He did not answer. Ho was trembling violently. I had given him o great sho"ok, that was clear. He paused ono hand across hie brow in a stupid way. In tho othor he held the garden syringe I have mentioned. I thought I grasped the position. "I will tell yon what it is I" I said, taking np the candle, and holding it co that its light fell npon his dazed face and distended eyes. "I will tell yon what it is, my man I You havo been walking In your sleep 1" Ho shaded bia eyed with hia hand and partly turned from mc. * " I am afraid I hove, eir," ho mattered abjectly. , _, „. Ho was etUl forced to Bteady himsoH by lasting one hand on the table. I took the syringe from him. ,-...? " I suppose that this is not the ntai timo you have dono it i" i said querulously. To have a Bervant who walked in his sloep. It was too provoking. "No, sir, hs anawcrod, his teeth oha!ter ing with tbe fright or the cold. '? I seed to do it whon I wan a boy. But I thought I had grown out ot it years ago." ? "I hope that you will grow out of it how, I replied severely. "There, got to bod, and lor goodness' sake stay thero if yon \- can." ;-?-'?' "Sea, sir," ho said humbly. " I am sorry that I disturbed yon, air." I made a tiga to him to go first. Aa I i; followed I glanced ronnd tho room at tho -transo medley that covered table sod ?yj*Btt__43s9 _a_i eWJ-laiSfSi. 63 io shsirs M? _iaa_-tt. 0_ a shtlJiS-Ove t_ic fl_efUtt-o_ri- ' a mummy'sijiead with horrible: glass oyes' that: saomod to fco winking at mc, and in bottles baslow it were preparations which Todd had been being to illustrate) bis physiological lectures at Bartholomew's. . , ." Ugh IV. I exolaimed, closing tbo door with a shudder. !??'. ; I Boon fell asloep when I got back to bed. Bat once at 'leans. I awoke with a start and sat np, in tho bolief that someone was again moving about the'house. ' ' ' Next day I had' a bad nervous headache, Snd was .as irritable as could be; so that when Gait as -sua l crept npon mc while I .was watering- the,ferns, I lost my patience with him and turned sharply. " Woll 7" I exolaimed. . " I oamo to flee: if you wanted anything,: sir." ? Wanted anything, Indeed I " No, nothing I" I retorted, ".And I.thiok, Gait, that you wonld bo far more, usefully employed, it instead of following ma about; the house you were to clean the windows. Tho one in,the d.iriiDg-room is in a disgrace ful state, coneidering that there aro three servants in the houea and only ono master." "Very woll, sir," he answered re?pcot fully.' . -~ ?'. ';' -'-;-''' '?" Ho was not at all put out.' And I, who. am sby in my dealings with servants, and yesterday would not.have dreamed of so re buking him felt a glow oi pride in my moral oourage, : "- "I will -sea to it, eir," he eaid; ? but" Deleter Todd usually allowed mc to have-, a man to clean the outside." " Thon get a man. Do it In the nsual way. That is all I want," I answered. Ho assented 'again, adding something, however, about tha difficulty of finding a man to help. I had this in my mind five minutes later, when a man accosted mc as I crossed Bond street on my way to chambers. " Will your honor Rico ma a job of work ?" bo said. J looked at bim. He was not tearful aa beggars are. On thb contrary, there was a merry twinkle in his sly Irish eyes. " A job of work ?" I answered, glanoing at my slim umbrella and varnished boots, " Do I look as if I had jobs of work to give away ?" ' " Your honor looks as if yon would give them away il yon had," be answered with ready wit. I laughed, '.'"'??'..'? " Oan you olean windows V l l asked, " Olean all your windws, sir, fox o shil ling 1" bo rapped ont. "Then you would have a bad bargain," I replied, thinking with pride ot my five floors and ba?omont, "Herat yon may tako this to 100 Grosvenor streo^;" I pencilled a few words on a oard roquoet ing Gait to lot the bearer clean tbe lower windows, and to pay him a shilling whon ho had done. For some reason, I do not now remember why, I went home from ohambers early that afternoon. I had eoaraely taken tbe latch key from tho door before I learned that there was a quarrel goitvg forward. Gait was atanding at the consulting: room door, his book to it. In front of him was my shabby. Irishman, gu-tioulaticg wildly, and talking at the top of his voice. As I wiped my feet on the mat, Gait oat himohoit. " -ou do not go into this room," he Baid j " that is enough for you I" " And why not, my honoy ?" the Irishman was beginning. " Suro, and his honor was saying that I was to olean the windows, every olesaed one ot tbem." " He said nothing of tbe kind," I inter* posed sternly, as I came forward, " 1 did not say that yon woro to come into tho house at all. I said that you wero to olean the ontside ol the windows, How is this, Galtf" The servant mutterod something. ' " I expoot bim to do his work. Now, as yoa havo let this man clean the other win dows, he may aa well finish the job by doing thia room. Sou oan stay with him. Open the door." But Gait did not stir, He looked at ma sullenly. " DootoxTodd is particular about admitting strangers to this room, sir," he eaid, in a tone that mutohed his face. "And to tbe honse, I havo no dunbt I" I returned, throwing open tho door myself. "Stay!" I added, alter glauoing round. "Close the inner window ovor the terns. That is better. Now he oan do no dam age." I saw this srran'gemont carried out before I left them. Then I went into tbe front room to write a letter, but was presently roused by the repetition o! a loud knock. Gait, I knew, must bo able to hear it as. well as I could myself. I strode into the hall. " Do you not hear that someone is at the door 1" I Baid ourtly. He did not move. Instead, he pointed silently to the window cleaner, who was hard at work. "Nonsensel" I exclaimed. "Go to the door at onoa." Still a momoni'e hesitation, and ho went. The pereon at tha door kept him somo time. Afterward I needed coal in tho front room and a anp of tea. Hia Boraples had arisen rather late in the day I thought, aud I took a mi.ohiovous pleasure in keeping him from his post. Bat what did it all moan l What, indeed f I did not oonneot, as yet, the man who had been co inquisitive about the lotter-box with Gait. Tho lattor'B oondont by itself was enough to puaalo mc. His sleeptalking end stealthy ways, hie nervousness, and bia etra- go obstinaoy about the oouaulting room, gave scope fox wild conjooturei, and certainly filled mc with distrust ot him, bo well aa a eeoret prejudice against the house. At breakfast next morning I was more etruok than beforo by the nervous manner in whioh ho continually o.nrtcd and glanced be hind him. ~ ?' What ia it that you are afraid of, Gait 7" I said suddenly, thinking to take him by surprise. Then, as he did notonawor, " Ie it burglars?" I asked, the scene with the Irish men in my mind. " Burglars, Bir J" "Yes. Mind what yoa are doing with the kidney? I" I eaid ehoxply. " I thought that tho burglary oloeo by in Bend etreot, at that jewellar's, might have frightened yon. Man alive I thcro is nothing hero to tempt that gang." ?? I hopo not, eir," he xeplied huskily. I put down my knife and fork and looked at bim. "Beally, Gait, I do not think that yon tro well," I remarked, in a moro kindly tone. " We want Doctor Todd book already." He began to tell mo that ho hod not boen himself of late, when he stopped speaking, and with a low exolamutioa staggered back from the table. The plate ho waa holding fell, and was shattered on tha arm ot my chair, Tho gravy ran over my sleeve. I jumpud up in a rage. ? " What on earth is the raattur with you?" I exclaimed, very muoh inalinod to tako him and Bhake him. "I saw a—a faoo at the window," he gasped. His own face was white. ilUhpstrumbleu so that ho oould ecaioely frame his words. A face at tbe window I I had pcern sitting at a round t.vbio 010.0 to the wim-ow, and who- I nwa 1 had douu so with my back to the light. Now, I 6ur_sd swiftly round, fol lowing tbo direoiion of hi* oyee. Looking past mo, thej wow dmd on a oorniix of tho window. But there weio no faoe to be oeen. Gait was wiping his brow wilh his handker chief. ..'_,,, V J " Have yau bean drinking ? I asked. "No, sir," -.'.,, There wae no indignation in uls answer. ?' TJrapU 1 I ax. zurpriorni to bear it," I aaid. " For eham.i; man I ptuok up a upirit. Now go downstairs and compose yoursslt. Yea can toll Caroline to btingme up another pt-to." When tho pl&to; h_d been brou_ht I re sumed my bra- kfetft, Beally Gait was be eo-iiiia u-basr-fcia, Wis. fan H9ln„ out of ?Hs-i-Sird f t-Fwas it iS-rely'that something ' had unstrung hi? nerves,? A man must bo pretty for gone—farther; I thought, than could bo comfortable forhis neighbors—bo> tore he oould conjure up taaes in broad day lif/ht,and— What wae that? I was out of my chair in tbo fifth of a.Bcaond, for with, the tail ot my eye, as I reached norofls tho tools fur tbo Bait, I hod Be6n a faoo at my elbow—-a face glued to tho pano, and snch a ona I A faoo, white, bloodless, with no forehead, a long upper lip,, and ilankod by huge eara I A giecdy faoo, with dail eyes, that glared in npon mc. I was not frightened, bat I was startled. Tbe fuos waa unexpejtod, and it wao horribly olgso to mc. It was no wondor that I sprang up na I did.' Yet the thing wss hardly scon—l had barely'turned my full gazo upon it—beforo it was gope. " The impudent Scoundrel 1" 1 oried, when my first surprise was over. " I will coon put a stop to that I" I ran to the front door, and opening it, looked into the street. Near at hand there was no one. In tbe distance two or three broughams.were waiting, a butcher's cart was rattling off, half a dozen people were going thia way.or that. But no ona was by tho win dow. Yet this did hot greatly astonish mc. :The houses in Grosvenor street have project "lag porticoes whioh wonld hide a fugitive, though his pursuers wero but a few yards die- ' tant. ? ' My first impulse was to go np the street,! hatlesa ? as I was, and hunt him oat, But afteif all he had done no harm, and I con tented myself with vowing vongeanoo if he should repeat his insolence, and went book to j my breakfast. I Though I conld still laugh at tho serious way in whioh Gait had token it, I did not j rtturn to my old seat. 1 removed my plate > co that I might f-co the window. Somehow tbo faoo haunted my memory disagreeably. If my eyes fell upon a dark oorncr, a pule { Image of the fiat features end fishy oyea j shaped itself in the gloom.. The furniture, too, took queer forms where tho firelight fell upe>u it, and this went co far that I teit sacsibly relieved when I wus fairly outside tbo house. But that day being a busy ono, by tho evening I had; forgotten my domestic oonoerns, and when Caroline took oft the oover? at dinner I asked where Gait was. Gait was not very well and had gone to his room to lie down. " I do not think that ho has been well for some timo," I remarked. "No, eir," said Oaroline,solemnly. She shook her bead, as if tho could folly acooant tor it, "What do you think is the matter?" I was constrained to ask.. ' ' " Well, sir, wo think it is the smell ol the doctor's staff," .. * "Oh, indeed," I answered, muoh tickled. "But you are not ill!" " No, eir. Bat you tee, Gait—ha ia more in tho.dootor's room. He has been in there a good bit latoly, and ha is not like tbe same man." " That reminds mc of something," I said. "I left my little silver matah-box on the aorner ot the table in that room this morn ing. Will you fetoh it fox mo before X forget it, Caroline?" Wbilo oho was about my errand, I, think ing ovor what sbo had said, began to see a connection between Gait's oddity, or illness, or whatever it was, and thoooneulting-xoom. I saw a clear connection. Still there could not bo anything iv what the servant said. Doctor's etufl I That was absurd. And it waa still more abaurd to suppose, though I disliked the room myself, that there canld be any malign influence about it. That was rubbish indeed, yet— A shrill eorsam, and tbe violent olosing of a door, cut short my masoning. I ran out iuto the hall. Tbe girl waa leaning againat the wall under the lamp, her hand pressed to her side, hex breath ooming In gasps. She wae /in tho verge of fainting, Luckily her ory had reached othor ears, and the oook camo flying from below, while on an appor landing, I, looking about for any oanse of fear, canght a glimpse of Gait's pale faoo peering down at ns. " Goodness, Oaroline I what is the mattor now ?" I askod roughly. I was getting vory tired of these exoarsione and alarms, and was finding it moro and more hard not to' start and glanoe behind mc, as Gait did. " I saw a faos—a face," ehe sobbed. - *' At the windowJ" I askod eagerly. " No, sir. Over—over the mantelshelf. " " The mummy's head. Why, yon see that every day 1" I oried. ?' There must have been eomething else beside that to frighten you?" " There—there was something else," Oaro line gasped. "Lor a meroyf" exolaimed tho oook, t looking behind hor Bnd then at mo to soo that I was not leaving them. " What eleo t What else 1 What else did you see J" I repeated impatiently. . Bat, and it was provoking enough to make a saint swear and return violently to hie dinner, Oaroline would not say. No, thongh I asked her again and again, and in the main eho was a stout and senuibla girl. She had seen eomething else beside the head, and that was all she wonld toll ns. I concluded in tbo end that sho was embroidering the matter, and tbat all ahe had aeon was tho mummy's head, npon whioh, perhaps, the light passing through the opon door might have (alien with a now client. I went back to my dinner; bnt fleet I took the lamp and thoroughly eearohod the con sultlng-ioom. Of course I found nothing, or nothing that should not ha/a been theso. The mummy's face smirked upon mc un changed, save that it looked a littlo more dirty. The preparations in their bottles be< low it woro untouched, and in the midst of them the board on which tho doatox pinned hie oards of invitation etood as fashionably untidy as ever. It, too, would have been the bolter, where it was not hidden by " fixtures," for a littlo soap and water. There waa nothing new in the room | no thing had boon removed or altered. Yet I searahod undor the tabic and in tho cup boards. I oould not get the face I had seen at the window ont of my mind. The very features of tbe parchment mask above mc put on a grotesque likeness to it. But by this time I was in a oondition to imagine any* thing. Anything! No, not quits anything. For surely that ory was not fancy, could not .be fauoy. That ehort, quiok scream, whioh came shooting up the etaireaee late that night, and pierced my ears, so that I dropped the extinguisher and snstohed up the caudle stiak I That was not tanoy. II was real, as real bb the white, Startled faoo I caw peering into the looking-glass a moment lator. "Hang it all I" I mutterod ha?Sily. "I oannot stand thia, I shall be seeing a ghost next. Is the house bewitched?" I ran down Jbe stairs, listening bb I went. Thero was Bilenoa above and below. I leached tha lowest flight and halted abruptly, from there I could see the hall, and raising my oandlo above my head peered downward. Ah I what was it? Who was itf Step by step I came down until I touched a prostrate form. Then I set tbo candle on tho stairs, und stooped over it. Tbank Heaven, there wen no blood 1 It was Gait, dad ho was ulivo. With on effort I turned him over, re uniting an instant as a olasp-kuile rolled from his hand. I picked it up, and ho sighed. He had merely tainted, then, and pushing the mat under hia head I rose to my < feet, my first fears relieved. . . j I lookod round. Tho dining-room door w-? wide open, that of tho consulting room w _jj „jtr. Without taking up the candle, with scarce a momunt'e thought, 1 flang the latter ops- and stood on tho threshold look ing in. I held my bre&th; and shivered, I ooofcae,for I sawwhri'ho had seen and Oaro line had seen - ?>?'? overcoming the first nervou'i desir-. ?, cry out or flee, I Btood looking tho thing in she fuse until all fear was gone. Truly in the face—tor it was a face 1 _t;w~ a luminous death', head. Ey.r, moutb, end nooirila were black caverns in a pale lambent mask. It <s_s gtha ecoasb, But taking into aocohnt its position over the! fireplace, a moment's reflection satisfied mc I that eomeone had trickled out tho poor mummy's bead with luminone paint, and then had written'below it on tho fixtures board, in lotters rough, but clear," Thief 1" Thief I I understand the word, the some thing olsa which Caroline bad Been; but who had written it, or why? Yet it olearly be hoved mc to find out. In the nick, and also at the junotibn of the stool and haft, wero Gome fragments of a thing almost as strange in that house—dry earth. Wo had no garden at One Hundred and Ninety, oxcept tho win dow garden nt my elbow; and why Bhould Gait have been digging in tho half- barrowfal oi earth whioh it held, and digging, or about to dig, there at midnight 7 Wliyr indeed I I brought the candles clou-' to tho window, and soauned the surface of thosoanty coil which made op our solo garden ground. Surely 1 wae on the traok, for on putting aside fair eizod ferns I flaw that the. handful of earth against the base, of the biggest stone had been.lately moved and watered.. With the knife I dug ont the damp mould. 1 was not a bit surprised to find that a tiny osvern in or nnder the Btone became visible. I thrust in my hand, and feeling a handful of hard, sharp, smooth things, pulled them out. How I started at Bight of them I How they flashed and glittered in the palo rays of the candle I They were diamonds—a neck laoe, pendant and braoelets. They were in! -their eottings, when the sound of heavy breathing behind mc warned mc to tain. Our eyes mot,Galt's and mine. "Thief I" I said. "Give them to mc 1" ha mattered doggedly, Uretohing out his hand. " Nothing of tho kind," I answered. I etill held his knife, and thore was a moment when I felt glad I had it. The man was a ooward, but a coward in a aorner is an awk ward thing. I had the knife, however, and did not quail. "Nothing of the kind, you thiefl" I thundered. "-Bball be moro likely to give yoa to tha police unless yon tell mc this moment tho wholo truth." A knock aame to tho doox. " You will not go," he muttered. " Most certainly I shall," I returned; and passing through the hall opened the door. A man otapped quiokly in and removed his hat. Ho wbb tha man who called to canvas for tho directory. "You are Mr. Williams?" he said with a steady look at mo. "I am sorry to drop in at a queer hour, but busb-oss is business, and mine is unpleasant," " Perhaps yoa will explain what it is," I replied. I had on uneasy presentiment of tbe truth; and surely enough ho answered! "Iftmadetootive, Mr Williams. You havo the prpoceds ot a jewel robbery bore, and it is my duty to worn yon that everything yon cay will be given as evidence ogarnsj you." " That I cay I" I cried. " Against mc 1 Mc t You are forgetting yourself, man t" . Good-heavens this was too absurd I And yet—and yet my right hand hidden In my pocket waa clasping the jewels—was full ot the stolen property I No wonder that I grew hot all over I - " Better tako it easy, Bir. I have not been looking in at that window yonder a dozen times a day for nothing. When I saw that Jim's plant—Jim is my pal, who did that bit of painting inside there, and sesrahqd the room too when he waa oleaning the window —when I bbw you oomo down with a light, and your man all of a heap upon tho floor, I thought it a good time to drop in. And now, if you will hand over tbe stones comfortably and quietly, why it ia likely that it will be bettor for both of you." A groan proceeding from tho open door of tho consulting room proved that Gait waa listening. For myself, anger and perplexity drew mc asunder. I met tbe doteotlvo'a aon ning eyes, and olenohed my list. I felt the jewels between my fingers, and turned sick with terror. " Ia tho servant in there ?" asked tho man pointing ovcx his shoulder. I nodded essent. . Ho made a sign that I should go in first, and I obeyed, though the blood flew to my face, and I felt' as if the prison warder's hand already aast its shadows upon mc. Gait etill Bat huddled np in hia chair, and as I took my place beside bim tho deteative eyed us both with a contempt ho did not try to aanoeal. "A pretty pair you are 1 The idea of suoh as you trying on this gamo I Why, it is enough to mako a dog laugh 1" And laugh be did. How I hated him for bia vulgar triumph I "Look hero," I said; "yott will behave yourself properly while yon ore In my house, my man. You know os well co I do that I am no thief.'' " Yon bave got the plundor," he said, be coming grave ogain v "And. you.and yonr accomplice have it bidden away aomowhera for the past fortnight. It will bo for you and him to say how it was coma by." Gall looked up, tbe picture ot wretched- U683. ' " I found it in tho iotter-boxono morning," ho muttered. "The robbery in bondetreeJ was in the pspera tho same morning." The detective nodded eagely. "T thought co," he anawerod. " The burg lars woro ohasod. One woe takon a tew yards from here. We found nothing npon him, bat ha owned up that he had dropped soma of tba plunder through tho letter -lit of a hoase a few' doors away. I apotted this house. And now it will be only a question of xec-iving goods knowing them to have beon stolen. I daresay that if the things are restored at once that no charge will be mado." " Hero is the jewellery," I replied hastily. " I only disoovered its presence in the house a law minutes ago. " And your servant 1" be asked, an ha snatched at tho jewels. Tho beads of perspiration were standing on Gait's brow. He had been an honest man beforo the disoovery of that mass of bril liants in tbe letter-box bad corrupted him. ?'I am quite sure he will toll tho truth,",l said. " I will answer for his appearanso. Do you not think you oould manage mat ters!" ? ' - ? I "I think I oould," he answered Blowly. " I think I oould square it, and do no wrong to onvona—fox a consideration, oir." I made a bargain with the officer. He was td have twenty pounds, and to Ist it ba in fcrrod that Gelt voluntarily oamo to him with tha atolcn propeity. ~_-.. " Wait for mc in tho ball,"I said, taking a esndla from tha table; " I muet fetoh tho money from my bedroom." Gait and the dateotive were etanding to gether in the ball, looking at ona another as ill-tempered dogs look. "Herois your monoy," I said. " Now be oazef ul that you fulfil your p&xt; o! tho bar gain." He put tho notes in his pooket. '-You will hear no moro ot It," he sold, emphatically. Gait muttered his gratitude, while I put a stop to his eflu?ive thankfulness. II Go to bed," I said, brusquely, " and do not feel too sura that he will keep his word." Bnt our midnight visitor did keep to tho letter. Wa havo not ainoo board of him, ox of ehe jewels. Aa day after day passed, and still no paragraph appeared in the news papers, no summons arrived in Grosvenor street, the truth began to dawn npon mo. I mado oautioas inquiries in Scotland Yard, and learned that two mon had been oo~vlot?4 of the robbery, bat the diamonds had never besu found, and their diaappcara-oo have be come a standing mystery. " There aro moro of u:c gang about," eaid the iuipcotor. '' We have our eyes upon two Irishmen, but wo can prove nothing; and we oannot see bow the men who were in it could have passed the plunder to tbem." I can see very well bow it waa done—very wall, emd ho-a say littl] exponses attending the proci.o-: were paid; but lorn shy end nc(VOU9. I bluib, it is true, ct 1 past v cer tain gal-omlth'a shop in Bond street, tint 1 bets my ot?Q eatmeel. Qa desj Gait. "ifKT j 