HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27,1842, the goo[?] ship Mary compton, of Bristol, England, was straggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America., The wind blow furiously, but the weather was dear, and the captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in tha lighthouse oa the Iron Book Shoals, Toia lighthouse marked tbe entrance to the harbor. Once there, and they were safe. Sore of his position, he sailed oa confidently. Fiveminutei later tbe ship struck with a fearful ■hook and went to piece*. Foot men. including the captain, were saved. On reashing the shore they found a strange thing had happened. Aa enemy of the lighthouse-keeper had bonnd hiai hand and foot and extinguished the light. Soul*, ac well as ebipt, steer by tha lights Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be slid of the mm who darkens it ia the face of a storm tossed spirit ? " Tou are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who h?i Come to eonanlt him. Admitting that he thought 10, baa he tbe right to «?v m? Xj; for be might be wrong—and ia aay caoe he had bo business to put oat the iigbt. This woman had been ill for some time. Ia Jane, 1889. she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, aad sbe waj so giddy ebe could scarcely stand. Her bead whirled "and,'she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to bold herself tip or sit down tor fear of falling. Sbe broke out ia a sweat although cold as death, A dreadful cough racked her trams so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could teaioely crawl about the home,' sbe say*. " I was so weak. I tried different remedies and medicine* without avail. I went to .the dikfjentary at New Briggate and asked tbe doctor to tell me tne wont. Hi* answer wat, 'I bave mixed you some medicine; yoa can take it or leave it.' I took it for tinea weeks, then g?ve up ia despair. ?'I talked with two other physician*. Tha last one said,' You are past human aid.' "My heart sack within me for I hid five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick I bad no appetite and bad lost flesh till J urn thin at a ghost! My mother came to ace me and did sot know we. My skin was ot a. green and yellow ooloi. and when 1 ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this tuna I oommenoed vomiting, Md what X threw op i« tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 9 o'clock osa SUorday morning and soaroely got rait bom it until Monday morning. "At tfau time I remembered that Mrs. WiUon, with whom I formerly worked ia Crawford's mill, in Eaat street, Leeds (where I iivr). bad been cured by Mother Seigal's Cuca tive?yrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesun's, the cbemiat, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomitiog, and by dfgteea fiem day to day I felt better. Sson I coold eat a dry crust, and by the time I bad finished the eeoood bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms and was fart (ret ting my fetren?tb back. I am now (April le9C) in better hearth than ever before ia my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out ol work and we had only a trifle coming in from bie dob. but I thank God I did getitat last, and it oared me, bad ofi a* I was. All my frienda and neighbor* know the faob I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed) Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread street, York road, Leeds. This was a can of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms Bho wing bow far it had affected the cervons system. A few months, or possibly weeke more, and Mn. Mills would hatehadnu tale to telL Sbe did wrong to wait one hoar for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Byrop had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. SUoEax3l4aD3 