AQUATICS. Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club. The Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club is the name of a new sailing club which is being inaugurated for the forthcoming season under the most favorable auspices. The promoters have the best of objects in view, and that is to more thoroughly popularise sailing. They point out that at present after the vessels have once started all interest is gone, from the fact that so few persons are enabled to witness the racing from start to finish and then only from a steamer, and often under consider- able inconvenience, especially for ladies, who, if they had a fair opportunity, would gladly witness the races of the smaller craft, as well as those of the regular yachts. With this idea in view it is proposed to endeavor to obtain certain concessions of harbor frontage, off which a triangular course, is to be buoyed off of not more than 3½ miles in length, and the races to be sailed in heats ; that all boats shall carry distinctive colors on their sails, so that they may be readily known on reference to the racing cards. The prizes too are to be offered on a much more liberal scale than hitherto, and each class of club boats shall have their afternoon's rac- ing on alternative Saturdays, and the handicaps shall be given to the various sail- ing masters when starting their boats, a system which answered so well with the Port Jackson Club last season. Mr. Mark Foy, who is taking a leading interest in the new club, has generously given the sum of £300 towards the formation of the club, and other amounts have been promised. The club rooms have been leased in Oxford-street, and will shortly be placed in order for members. Two or three meet- ings of intending members have been held, and the masters of the following vessels have intimated their intention of registering their boats in the club, viz., Lottie, Cynthia, Raceland, Elsie, Grace Darling, Splendora, Flyaway, Kannanook, Sophia, Mantura, Ghost, Our Tom, Our Roy, Our Boys, Iverna, Latona, Wild Wave, Regina, and Etna. Mr. W. J. W. Richardson has been appointed secretary, and a com- mittee consisting of Messrs. Foy, Ellis, Lapham, Eton, Blair, Eton, and a number of the crew of each boat entered have been nominated to draw up a code of rules to be submitted to a general meeting of members to held at an early date. 