MISTAKEN IDENTITY. A SOUTH AUSTRALIAN NOVE- LETTE. [By Chas. Reynolds.] Chapter I. The scene of our story is Adelaide, the capital of the province of South Aus- tralia and the day upon which it opens is a bright fresh morning with a crisp south- westerly breeze and an almost unclouded azure sky—a day when all nature seems to smile, when everyone looks cheerful and hearty, and the busy hum of traffic sounds like merry music to the average healthy citizen. On that morning two young men might have been seen walking in different direc- tions on either side of Rundle- street, and when opposite exchanging nods of re- cognition. One hailed the other and crossing over said, "It is very curious, but we have met several times lately, and yet for the life of me I cannot remember your name." "What," said his companion, " do you forget so soon? My name is Harry Strange." "Strange? Strange? I know no one of that name, and yet your face is very familiar." "Of course it is. Don't you remember our trip home in the Chimborazo twelve months ago?" "No, I certainly do not." "Go along. Didn't we share the same cabin?" "No, I'm perfectly certain we did not, for I have never returned to England in the Chimborazo or any other vessel." "You are trying to make a fool or me. You are Fred Hannam, are you not?" "No, that is not my name." "What! Do you mean to tell me that I could occupy the same cabin with a fellow all the voyage to England and knock about in London with him after- wards and then not know him again after the lapse of such a short time ?" And the speaker began to get excited and angry. "Well, my friend, I assure you that what I say is true; and if your name is Strange 'tis passing strange, and I must have been deceived, for I am not ac- quainted with anyone of that name." " Well, I can't understand it, and if your name isn't Hannam I don't know you." "It's rather ridiculous at any rate ; but good-bye." And with that the two shook hands and turned upon their heels. An instant afterwards Strange turned round, caught his companion by the arm and exclaimed, "By Jove, I know who you are." " Well ?" " Your name is West. Oliver West." "Yes ; but still I don't know you." "Why, don't you remember Harry Evans?" "Of course I do. And the pair once more began shaking hands in a very de- monstrative manner and laughing out- rageously to the amusement of passers-by. After a time they simmered down, and West remarked, "Why do you call yourself Strange ?" "Well, said his friend, "when you knew me up at Rookleigh I always went by the name of Evans, but my real name was Henry Evans Strange. You are also aware that my mother married twice and when we became acquainted her name was, curiously enough, Evans. When my father died he left considerable property, which was to accrue to me on my attain- ing my majority. When I became of age I left Rookleigh and determined to see some of the world, and accordingly took a passage in the Chimborazo and there met Fred Hannam ; Hannam was to have come back three months ago, but I only arrived last Monday. I can see now you are not Hannam, but upon my word you are as alike as two peas. Do you know him?" "No, I can't say I do." " Well, I know nothing of him beyond his name. He was very reticent, but yet a very pleasant companion. After some further conversation the friends once more laughingly shook hands and parted. Oliver West was some eight-and- twenty years of age, about 5 ft. 9 in. in height, sturdily built, with fairly regular features, dark hair, with moustache and whiskers of a lighter shade. As he strode along the street his thoughts were busy with the individual who owned a similar individuality. Shortly after the above-mentioned incident a gentleman accosted West in King William-street and said, " Oh, Mr. Hannam, I was going to call on you to day about that insurance. Have you made up your mind about it?" "You have made a mistake this time. My name is not Hannam." "Really? I beg your pardon; but I took you for Mr. Hannam, with whom I have lately been negotiating about a life insurance policy." "My name is West." "Oh! indeed; but you are remarkably like Hannam." "Well, you are the second person who has told me that recently. I hope my counterpart will not go wrong and cause me to suffer." "I hope not; rather cause confusion, wouldn't it? Good day." During the following week West was again stopped by the persevering agent with the remark—"Oh, Mr. Hannam, about that insurance?" "Wrong again, my friend. You made the same error last week." 'Well, well, so I did. I beg your par- don ; but upon my word ——" "Never mind, there's no harm done ; but I begin to feel very interested in this gentleman. I must exchange photos with him, I think. Matters will become com- plicated at this rate. Hannam insures his life ; you call on me for the premium. I die, and Hannam gets the money. The old story of the twins over again." "Yes, but reverse the order and you come out right." After this interview Oliver West became rather perplexed and felt a great desire to meet his rival and see where the dual likeness lay, and if it was so great as it was represented to be to propose some distinguishing badge to guard against future emergencies. He would have got his friend Strange to bring about a meet- ing, but that gentleman had left for Western Australia. Chapter II. At the corner of Bent-street, in Kent Town, an attractive suburb of Adelaide, stood a pretty villa with a bright trim garden, in which were many choice blossoms carefully tended by a namesake of the queen of flowers. Pretty Rose Dawson she was called, and all her bachelor friends were unanimous in their verdict that she was pretty and as good as she was gracious and winning. Many a one would have been glad to be her Romeo, but her affections had been be- stowed upon Oliver West, and all other would-be wooers could only admire and sigh at a distance. Rose Dawson's father was a prosperous business man, and his only child and daughter would possess a comfortable sum upon her wedding day, which was near at hand. Mrs. Dawson was a lady with a well-balanced temperament, and while denying her child none of the comforts and luxuries of life fitting to their station in society had trained her daugh- ter in a careful sensible manner. Though an only child, she had not petted and spoiled her, and now felt thankful that the general opinion was, as expressed by Rose's bachelor friends, that she was as good as she was pretty. On this lovely summer evening Rose was standing on the step swinging her garden hat in her hand and watching for a well-known form to turn the corner of the street to her left. There she stood — a bright winsome girl with laughing blue eyes and a merry face, her hair flowing over her graceful shoulders. She made a very attractive picture with the trellised creeper for a background. Yet as we watched her a troubled look came over her features, and one naturally concluded that such was foreign to her nature, and felt some interest to learn the cause. Now a bright smile flitted across her face, dispelling the clouds, as a young man walked with a quick firm step up to the gate and entered. Rose ran to greet him, and he responded in an ardent manner to the maiden's welcome. "Oh, Oliver, I thought you were not coming again this evening. I was dis- appointed last night." "Poor Rosebud, did you droop for my sympathetic tear?" "Don't be silly, Oliver. But come and sit on the verandah. I want to ask you something." Oliver dropped into a lounge, while Rose took a footstool at his side. "Where were you last night, Oliver?" "Why, I told you in my note that I had to run up to Gawler and could not get back until this morning." "Yes, but did you go to Gawler?" "Well, upon my word, Rose, you have prepared a regular catechism. Yes, I did go to Gawler, why do you ask?" "Oliver, you know how I trust you, and if you were to deceive me I couldn't bear it." "Dear little girl, what are you troubling about?" "Well, Annie Taylor told me she saw you at Glenelg last evening with another young lady." "What a ——. I was in Gawler. I went up by the 5.30 p.m. train and re- turned this morning by the 8.15." "I told Annie you had gone to Gawler, but she was positive it was you she saw. She was near the Pier Hotel when you came from the seawall by the Institute and walked down the jetty, and when she noticed I was not with you she was astonished. Afterwards she said she met you on the jetty, but you turned away your head." "Did she say how I was dressed?" "Yes, she said you had on a light check tweed suit and grey felt hat." "Just as I am dressed to-day, as I was dressed yesterday, but for all that I was in Gawler, and I hope, Rose, that you will believe me, for Miss Taylor was mis- taken. Who was the young lady ?" "She was a stranger to Annie—a tall dark girl, dressed in black, and wearing a bonnet." The lovers talked on, but before leaving Oliver had brought the smiles back to his sweetheart's face. After he had gone, however, the troubled look again ap- peared, and Rose had a quiet cry in her room ; but whether they were tears of joy at finding Oliver still true, or whether they were tears of doubt she could not determine, for her feelings were hard to analyse ; and she laid her head on the pillow, trusting for clearer sight on the morrow. But in the morning the uneasy, doubtful feeling returned, and Rose found that when once the seeds of distrust had been sown it was a difficult matter to eradicate them, and while constantly as- suring herself that her lover was true, the subtle feeling of jealousy made her sad, and the usually blithesome bird had no song as she went about the house. That afternoon Mrs. Dawson proposed going into town to do some shopping and asked her daughter to accompany her. When walking up Rundle-street Mrs. Dawson suddenly said, "Look, Rose, there is Oliver coming with a lady;" and to her dismay Rose saw a tall dark young lady chatting gaily with the gentleman pointed out. When within a few paces of the pair Mrs. Dawson bowed, but without responding Oliver suddenly directed his companion's attention to a shop window and turned his back upon them. Poor Rose was very much distressed and Mrs. Dawson righteously indignant, and insisted upon calling at the warehouse and acquainting her husband with the state of affairs. "Perhaps he did not see us, mother," murmured Rose. " Nonsense, child ; he was looking straight at me when I bowed. I would never have believed that Oliver could be so abominably deceitful. Do you know the young lady ?" "No, mother, I do not." " Have you ever heard of Oliver having another fancy?" And Rose, ever truthful, told her mother of the incident at Glenelg, related by her friend, Miss Taylor. Mrs. Dawson called on her husband, briefly explained matters, and then went home to nurse her outraged feelings and condole with her daughter. That afternoon Oliver West received the following note :— "Dear Sir—Rose is not very well and will not be able to see you this evening. Kindly call at my office to-morrow between 12 and 1 o'clock.— Yours faithfully, EDWARD DAWSON." "Oh, oh," exclaimed Oliver, "what on earth is the meaning of this? Surely Rose is not ill." Then he scanned the lines again. "By Jove! something is wrong ! The old man always addresses me as dear Oliver or dear West. I wonder what the old chap has got in his bonnet now? Surely Rose did not believe I was at Glenelg on Monday night and tell her father that absurd story." Think as he would he found it impossible to assign any other cause for the turn of affairs, so taking his hat he went out into the cool evening air to ponder over it. Meanwhile at Rosetta Villa affairs were in a sad condition. Mr. Dawson had heard all about the Glenelg incident and the cut in Rundle-street. Miss Taylor had been in and had repeated her story, stoutly adhering to her statement that it was Oliver she saw. Mr. Dawson, who was a man of strict integrity and detested deceit above all things, was so indignant that he resolved to interview Oliver and demand an explanation immediately in- stead of waiting until morning. He accordingly walked over to Oliver's lodgings on East-terrace, but to his an- noyance found he was not at home. When Oliver returned he heard of Mr. Dawson's visit and also found a letter from his employers directing him to go to Strathalbyn by the early train next morn- ing on important business, details of which were enclosed. "Confound it," he exclaimed, "now I can't see Dawson, but I'll drop him a post- card and then call when I get back." Oliver arrived at Strathalbyn on Thurs- day and found that it would be impossible for him to return to Adelaide before Mon- day afternoon or Tuesday morning, so he wrote a letter to Rose informing her of the cause of his absence. Chapter III. "Please, sir, a gentleman wishes to see you." It was Saturday morning and Mr. Dawson was very busy and in no humor to be interrupted when his office boy brought this message. "Who is it, Albert?" "Dunno, sir. Said he wanted to see you very particular." "Show him in then.'' "Good morning, sir. Mr. Dawson, I presume," said a florid-looking man as he entered the office. "Yes, sir, I am Mr. Dawson. What can I do for you?" "My name is Thornley and I have called with regard to a rather delicate affair, but trust you will believe me when I assure you that it is of grave moment to me and perhaps will concern you in as great a degree. May I ask if it is true that you have a daughter and that she is shortly to be married?" "My dear, sir," replied Mr. Dawson, this is rather unwarrantable and I think decidedly presumptuous. What is my daughter's interest to you, a stranger, whose name even I had not the honor of knowing before this interview ?" "Unwarrantable it may seem ; pre- suptious it is not. But will you answer the question and tell me the name of the gentleman?" "I will not until I know your motive in asking. What concern have I or my family with you?' "My dear sir, do not get angry. Do you recognise that face?" (Here the speaker handed a cabinet photo to Mr. Dawson.) "Yes, decidedly I do." "Is that the man who hopes to become your son-in-law?" "That I shall not answer until I am more fully acquainted with your reasons for asking." "Well, I will be a little more explicit. I have a daughter and for a considerable time this gentleman, has been paying his attentions to her. As he seemed a suitable young man I was induced to receive him at my house as her acknowledged lover. Recently, however, his visits have been very irregular, and noticing that my daughter was very low-spirited I ques- tioned her and found that her affianced was playing fast and loose—in fact, there is now a breach. Mr. Dawson, I am not a wealthy man, but have a large family and therefore could not give any dower were my daughter to become a bride. On the contrary, you are reputed to be very wealthy and your only child will, I am told, go to her husband with a handsome portion." "You seem to have made very diligent enquiries, sir." "Yes, and if you will hear me out you will acknowledge that had you been in my place you would have acted in a similar manner. Last evening Ada (that is my daughter) informed me that this scamp had coolly told her of his intention to break the engagement. She also said he acknow- ledged having an attraction elsewhere, and that she had heard so much from some of her friends who had seen him in company with another lady. Follow- ing up this information I have heard of your daughter and her prospects, and after careful enquiry have come to the conclusion that this despicable wretch has thrown over my penniless girl, and is now trying his little game with you for the sake of your daughter's money." "By heaven, I'll see him hanged first," ejaculated Mr. Dawson. "Now I begin to understand the reason for your visit and assure you that it does affect me. Be certain, Mr. Thornley, that I will help you to punish the rascal." "Come in." "Please, sir, Mr. Brunton says he had an engagement with you and can't wait no longer." "Tell him to come in. I'm sorry, Mr. Thornley, but I have pressing business. Can you meet me at Kindermann's Café at 1.30, and we will get to the bottom of this matter?" "Certainly. I exceedingly regret the necessity of troubling you." Shortly after the appointed time Mr. Dawson walked into the café and found his companion waiting. "I have been thinking over this affair since you left my office, Mr. Thornley, and a few questions have occurred to me which we can now quietly discuss. What occupation did West tell you he fol- lowed ?" "Who did you say ?" "West, this scamp we were dealing with this morning." "West, do you call him? His name is Hannam?" "I beg your pardon ; his name is Oliver West, and I have known him for some three years now." "I can assure you his name is Hannam, Mr. Dawson. Here it is, see, 'Fred. Hannam' on the back of this photo." "Bless my soul, this is getting worse and worse. How long have you known him ?" "About six months. He said that he had no particular occupation and was in receipt of regular remittances from rela- tives at home." "Confound him ; he has been in the employment of Spilling & Benson, stock and station agents, ever since I've known him." "That's his cussed cuteness. You see he was after no good when he came court- ing my girl, for he must have been en- gaged to your daughter at the same time." "Yes. it's just about six months ago, I think, since I gave my consent, and they were to be married in a month or so." "Well, it is only just, Mr. Thornley, that I should give you a few particulars. Everything had gone smoothly until about a week since, when I noticed a change in my daughter's demeanor and wondered at the cause. A day or two ago my wife came to my office in an excited state and told me that she had just en- countered West in Rundle-street with a young lady, that she bowed to him, but the scamp cut her dead and drew his com- panion to a shop window. My daughter Rose was with her mother at the time and both women were very indignant. Rose had previously heard that West had been seen with a lady at different places and had taxed him with it, but he resolutely denied everything. "Can you remember, Mr. Thornley, whether your daughter went out last Monday evening?" "Yes, Hannam, as I call him, took Ada down to Glenelg." "The everlasting scamp; he did not come to my house that evening, but sent Rose a note stating that he had to go to Gawler on business and would not be back until next day. Is your daughter tall and dark, Mr. Thornley; generally wears a bonnet?" "Yes, she takes after her mother in stature and complexion." "Was she in town—let me see, it was Wednesday, I think?" "Yes; I heard our folks speaking about it in the evening, because Ada met Hannam and he seemed particularly agreeable, and she was therefore the more surprised at his subsequent conduct." "It was Wednesday my wife met him in town with the lady." "My girl, no doubt; and his meeting Mrs. Dawson and your daughter in that manner and finding his duplicity exposed made him resolve to break with Ada. When did you last see him?" "He was at my house on Tuesday evening. On Wednesday after my wife's visit I sent him a note stating that Rose could not see him that evening, and I asked that he would call on me next day." "Did he do so ?" "No; I had a postcard next morning telling me that he had to go to Strathalbyn by the early train, but would see me on his return. That he has gone to Strath- albyn I know, for Rose had a letter from him to-day. When did he last visit you ?" "On Wednesday evening." "The scamp. I called at his lodging that night to see him instead of waiting for his response to my note, but he was out." "Yes, squaring his account, as he thought, with us." "Where do you live, Mr. Thornley ?" "Parkside—Young-street." "Ah, I'll just make a note of that." "When does he return from Strath- albyn, Mr. Dawson?" "Monday afternoon or Tuesday morn- ing, I believe." "What had we better do, think you ?" "Well, I'll see Spilling & Benson on Monday morning, and if you will call on me about 2 o'clock I will let you know the result of my enquiries." "Very well, I think Mr. Hannam, alias West, will find things rather warm when he gets back." At the appointed time on Monday Mr. Thornley walked into the office of Mr. Dawson, who was prepared, as a lawyer with a brief. "Good morning, Mr. Thornley. I have done as I suggested on Saturday with the following result:—I find that— 1\. West was not sent to Gawler last Monday by Spilling & Co., and so far as they know he was not out of town. 2. He was sent to Strathalbyn at very short notice on Thursday and they have had a wire to-day to say that he will return to- morrow morning. 3. So far as the mem- bers of the firm are aware he is a straight- forward young fellow and very much esteemed by all in the business. He came to them from England some five years ago with excellent credentials, and they have placed implicit trust in him throughout. Now I was very much perplexed after re- ceiving their assurances, but to fully satisfy myself that I was not deceived I showed them the photograph you left with me, and both Mr. Spilling and Mr. Benson immediately recognised West. What I propose is this — I'll send a note to West so that he will get it on his arrival in town asking him to call on me at my office to-morrow evening. You had better be present and we will teach this youngster a lesson." Next morning Oliver West got into the train at Strathalbyn in high spirits at the thought of speedy transit to the neighbor- hood of his ladylove, but still wondering why his prospective father-in-law wanted to interview him, and still more at a loss to account for no letter from Rose. As the train swept on his thoughts were busy, and as his bouyant nature did not allow his spirits to droop he passed the time building castles in the air, picturing his wedded happiness within the next short month, little dreaming of the troubles ahead. Once when passing through a tunnel the thought struck him how similar is this to human life. Sunshine and shadow. One moment revelling in brightness, the next plunged into dark- ness, but he remembered there was sun- shine the other side. Little he dreamed how apt the figure was to represent an episode in his own experience in the near future. In accordance with the wishes of Mr. Dawson, Oliver presented himself at that gentleman's office before going out to Kent Town. "Good evening, Oliver," said Mr. Dawson. "Be seated. I suppose you need no introduction to this gentleman?" "I beg your pardon, Mr. Dawson. I have not had the pleasure of his acquain- tance." "You confounded liar," burst forth Mr. Thornley. Oliver sprang to his feet and his eyes flashed as he said—" Sir, if you were not an old man I'd cram your words down your throat. How dare you apply such a term to me ?" "So you are, you infernal villain," shouted Thornley, "I've a good mind to smash my stick over your head." "I don't think your strength is equal to your vocabulary, sir," said Oliver. "Gentlemen, remember you are in my office," interposed Mr. Dawson, "and I will not allow this. Oliver, sit down. Mr. Thornley, you must try to keep your temper. Remember I feel as acutely as you do, but if you will allow me to con- duct this enquiry in my own way we shall get it over much sooner. Oliver, I have always regarded you as a gentleman. Will you kindly try to behave as such now? I have a most unpleasant duty to perform, but it must he done, and although I do not doubt that we shall all feel very angry, yet for my part I will try not to forget myself." "I beg your pardon," said Oliver, "but no one could sit quietly and be called a liar by a man he has never seen before. But I will try to control myself and help you if it is in my power." "This gentleman is Mr. Thornley, and what we have to discuss concerns him in as great a degree as it does you and me. It will be necessary, Oliver, for me to put a series of questions to you, which I hope you will endeavor truthfully to answer. Circumstances are decidedly against you, but if you can explain away the difficul- ties both Mr. Thornley and myself will be only too glad to make amends for any annoyance we may cause you. First of all, then, you wrote to Rose on Monday the 15th, stating that you had to go to Gawler and could not return until next day. Was that a fact?" "Certainly it was. I left by the 5.30 p.m. train on Monday and returned by the 8.15 a.m. from Gawler on Tuesday morning." "I find that you did not go at the instance of your firm." "No, it was purely a private matter." "Well, Mr. Thornley has evidence to show that you were at Glenelg on the evening you were supposed to be in Gawler." "Then it is decidedly false, and I can prove what I say to be true." "I am glad to hear it. Then I would ask, did you meet Mrs. Dawson and Rose in Rundle-street on Wednesday, the 17th?" "No, I did not." "My wife said she bowed to you in the street, but you cut her dead. You were in the company of a young lady." "I am confident I did not meet Mrs. Dawson, although now I remember I was in the street about 3 o'clock and I met and spoke to a lady friend, but only for a minute or so." "Was the lady tall and dark?" "Yes." "Do you mind telling me her name?" "Certainly not. It was Miss Chinson, of Burnside." "Oh, you con——— ?" "Mr. Thornley, I must beg of you to———" "Beg pardon, beg pardon, go on, go on." Mr. Dawson resumed. "I called to see you, Oliver, on Wed- nesday evening last, but you were out." "Yes, I heard you had called." "Do you mind saying where you went that night?" "Not at all. I went for a walk as the evening was so fresh and you had pre- vented my usual visit to your house." "What direction did you take?" "Parkside." "Ah, I thought we should catch you at last," exclaimed Mr. Thornley. Mr. Dawson ignored the interruption and continued— "Did you call anywhere at Parkside?" "No, I merely took a stroll, and re- turned about 10 o'clock." "How does that agree with your state- ment, Mr. Thornley?" "Exactly. He left my house at half - past 9." "I was never near your house, sir ; in fact, I don't where you live any more than the man in the moon." "Oh, we'll see," chuckled Thornley, who thought Oliver was getting into a corner. "Can you get anyone to prove your whereabouts on that evening, Oliver?" resumed Mr. Dawson. "No, I met no acquaintance. I simply left my lodgings about half-past 8, and the Post-Office clock was chiming 10 as I opened the gate on my return." "Well, a few more questions and then I will inform you of the reason for this investigation. Have you ever been en- gaged to any other lady than Rose since you have been in the colony?" "Neither in nor out of the colony." "Did you ever give another lady cause to think you intended making her an offer of marriage?" "Never." "Oh, of all the unmitigated scoun—— " "Mr. Thornley, I must insist? ——" "Well, Dawson, did ever you hear such perfidy? It's enough to give a man apo- plexy." Oliver was white with passion and per- spiring with nervous excitement, but he maintained his self-control. "Well, Oliver," said Mr. Dawson, "it is only fair that I should tell you now what has induced me to subject you to this examination." Mr. Dawson then related the whole of the circumstances already detailed. The irrepressible Thornley joining in every few moments with some emphatic remark. During the narration Oliver's face was a study ; now pale with astonishment, then flushing with indignation. At one time his eyes flashing defiance and then becoming dim with emotion as various feelings were stirred within him. He, however, kept silent until Mr. Dawson had finished. For a few moments there was a painful silence in the room, and then with an effort Oliver recovered himself and in a husky constrained voice said— "Gentlemen, I cannot say which feeling is uppermost, that of indignation or grief at the remarkable and unaccountable charges you have preferred against me. That those charges are false from first to last I will maintain, if necessary on my oath. You have, however, nothing but my bare word, and after such an array of damning circumstantial evidence I feel that I can say nothing that will convince you. I do ask, however, that you will give me an opportunity to clear myself and to show how unjust and cruel your accusations are. With your daughter, Mr. Dawson, I have been straightforward and honorable, and my cherished hope has been to make her my wife. I can procure from my employers testimonials that I am sure would satisfy anyone, and since I have been in the colony I have not com mitted one act that I am ashamed of. With regard to Mr. Thornley, I can assure him as well as words will allow me that I never even heard his name until this evening, and can positively swear that never have I met Miss Thornley, much less made her an offer of marriage. Gentlemen, I can say no more; but by all I hold most sacred, I positively affirm, that what you have asserted against me is totally unfounded, and my unceasing endeavor will be the unravelling of this apparently inexplicable web." "Well, Oliver," responded Mr. Dawson, "I would that I could accept your assur- ances ; but as you yourself point out, we have only your bare denial, and no one can do other than acknowledge that cir- cumstances are decidedly against you. If you can substantiate your refutation of our accusations you may rely upon my unwavering friendship. In the meantime I feel that I cannot allow you to visit us, and communication with Rose for the time being must cease. Do you wish to say anything, Mr. Thornley?" "Only, sir, to endorse your remarks. Facts seem to flatly contradict Mr. Han— I mean Mr. West's assertions, and while matters remain in their present state I cannot accept his assurances. I would, however like to ask him if that is his photo?" and he handed Oliver the photo- graph introduced earlier in our story. Oliver gazed upon the face with the utmost astonishment and returned it, saying—"I would have said it was mine, but I have only had my likeness taken once since I have been in Adelaide, and the posture was different. I notice, too, that the name of the firm upon this card has been erased; but I should like to compare this with the copy I have." "The comparison has been made at my house," said Mr. Dawson, "and with the exception of the difference in the position as pointed out by you no other dis- crepancy could be seen." "Well, gentlemen, I feel utterly con- fused and unable to offer any further ex- planation, and with your permission I should like to leave." When the door had closed upon Oliver Mr. Thornley asked—"Well, what is your opinion, Dawson?" "Not guilty, sir; most emphatically I say, not guilty. No man could look more honest or more genuinely astounded than did Oliver. His eye did not waver for an instant, and I feel confident that no one could show more perfect innocence than he did." "But can you explain away these con- flicting circumstances?" "No, I cannot, and yet in the face of it all I believe him guiltless. It has been a great trial to me, Mr. Thornley, for I have no son; but this young fellow had taken the place of one in my affections. However, we had better both have a sleep upon it and perhaps our minds will be clearer in the morning." And the jury of two turned into the quiet street. Chapter IV. "AN IMPUDENT FORGERY.—A cheque for a considerable sum, purporting to be drawn by Messrs. Spilling & Benson, the well-known stock and station brokers of this city, in favor of Messrs. Mclntyre & Wright, drapers and clothiers, of Rundle-street, was on presentation at the bank yesterday found to be a forgery, and steps were immediately taken for the arrest of the offender, who is well known in the city. The. act is a daring one, as we are given to understand that the individual charged with the offence has been a trusted and re- spected servant in the employment of Messrs. Spilling & Benson, and|no motive can be dis- covered for the crime." The foregoing paragraph appeared in one of the morning papers two days later than the incidents recorded in our last chapter and was read by Oliver West at the breakfast-table. He immediately left the house for his business, wondering greatly who among his fellow-employés could have been so base ; but he had not proceeded far when a constable touched him on the arm and said, 'Mr. Oliver West, I think?" "Yes, that is my name." "It is my duty to arrest you for forgery; and I must caution you that any- thing you say may be used against you at your trial. If you will come quietly I will call a cab." For a moment Oliver was too con- founded to reply, but at length said with a laugh, "Oh, yes, I'll come; but you'll soon find you have the wrong man." On arrival at the watchhouse, however, Oliver found that the charge was not so readily dismissed. He was placed with five others in a room, and the sergeant came in with a gentleman who imme- diately pointed out Oliver as the man who had passed the cheque. He was accord- ingly locked up. Poor fellow ! When he found himself in a narrow cell incarcerated as a felon he gave way. The maze was impenetrable, and overwrought with the events of the past few days he could no longer bear up. What invisible enemy was pursuing him? He who had always striven to live an upright blameless life, and had ever been open and straightforward in all his dealings. This was the last .straw, and hope seemed dead; for where was he to turn for help? He had not cleared him- self with Mr. Dawson, and with this fresh charge against him he felt that it would be utterly useless to appeal to him. Then Mr. Spilling, who had always treated him with the utmost kindness and considera- tion, was the injured one and he could not ask his assistance. All seemed dark, and weary with conflicting emotions Oliver sank upon his pallet with a heartbroken sigh. When the warder came in Oliver begged to be allowed to write a letter. Materials were furnished him and he hastily wrote a note to Mr. Dawson pro- testing that he was innocent and asking him to tell Mr. Spilling so. He also en- closed the following letter to Rose, which he begged Mr. Dawson to give her:— "Dear Rose—Do not believe that I am guilty of this horrible charge of forgery. I declare to you that l am innocent of this and all other charges which have been so cruelly brought against me. Will you trust in me until I can prove to you my innocence? Oh ! Rose, do let me know that at least you have faith in me, and that you will, if possible, help to clear my character.—Ever devotedly yours, OLIVER." Poor Rose cried very much over this letter and then sought her father. She was no longer the bright Rose of old, Her face was pale and sad, and her eyes bore traces of oft-shed tears, for the events of the past week had weighed heavily upon her. "Father, may I write a line to Oliver ?" "Well, my girl, a man is innocent until he is proved to be guilty, and I see no objection to your sending him a morsel of comfort. I believe Oliver is the victim of circumstances, and that we shall yet be able to help him out of his diffi- culties. How, I cannot see ; but you must set your woman's wits to work. I will attend the Police Court in the morning, and to assure you that my faith is strong I will go bail if he should be com- mitted for trial." "Oh, father, I am so glad to hear you speak like that. I do believe in Oliver." Next morning Oliver received a letter from Mr. Dawson bidding him take hope, and with it a little note from Rose, as follows :— Oh, Oliver, I do trust you and cannot believe you are guilty. Father will help you if he can. Do not grieve, and remember I am still your own.—ROSE. A bright ray of light came into that prison cell as Oliver read those words. Hope revived and he felt almost happy. He could face anything when he knew that Rose trusted him. The case came on that morning at the Police Court. After the usual for- malities Oliver was charged and the in- vestigation proceeded. Albert McIntyre, draper and clothier, deposed that prisoner came into his shop six days before and ordered a suit. Two days later he called for the clothes and paid for them with a cheque, receiving £7 10s. in change. Cheque produced was the one passed by prisoner. Had no previous acquaintance with the prisoner, who gave his name as Henry Johns and endorsed the cheque in that name. Had no doubt that the cheque was genuine. Prisoner said he was a country agent for Messrs. Spilling & Benson. Am confi- dent prisoner is the man who handed me the cheque. Constable Walters detailed the circum- stances of the arrest. Searched prisoner and also searched his rooms, but found no ticket for Melbourne. Prisoner seemed very much astounded when arrested and laughingly said he would soon prove that I had the wrong man. He also said that he was on his way to his usual duties at Messrs. Spilling & Benson's and had seen an account of the forgery in the morning paper. Mr. Whitwater, prisoner's counsel, then called the following witnesses for the de- fence :— Horace Spilling, broker, recognised the prisoner as Oliver West, a most trusted servant in his employment. The signa- ture to cheque produced was not that of the firm. The writing in the body of the cheque was not that of the prisoner (specimen produced). Never had anyone by the name of Johns in the employment of the firm. Witness gave prisoner an excellent character. Alfred Consayne, clerk at the railway booking-office, recognised prisoner as the man who purchased, a ticket for Mel- bourne on the 23rd inst. Remembered the incident because when leaving the ticket-window prisoner tripped over his umbrella and fell against the office, bruis- ing his cheek and cutting a finger. Some of the blood from prisoner's finger dropped upon the ticket and witness dried it on his blotting pad. The bruise on the cheek was severe and caused an abrasion. Charles Reynolds, medical practitioner, stated that an abrasion such as described by the last witness would not heal and disappear within a week. There was no indication of any injury on prisoner's face. After various witnesses had testified to prisoner's previous good character Oliver was formally committed for trial at the Supreme Court. Bail was allowed, Mr. Dawson and Mr. Thornley becoming surety. Mr. Thornley said afterwards—"Can't help it, Dawson, but I feel an interest in that young man." Oliver returned to his lodgings with Mr. Dawson, who assured him that in spite of circumstances he believed that the mystery would be penetrated, and as soon as matters were adjusted Rose would be ready to receive him. Rose heard of the Police Court pro- ceedings with mingled feelings of hope and despair, but directly her father men- tioned the ticket incident she brightened up. "Oh, father," she said, "I am confi- dent we shall clear Oliver. You said it was on the 23rd that the ticket was pro- cured ?" "Yes." " Well, that was the day Oliver came back from Strathalbyn. You can ascer- tain what time the ticket was taken and then you can find out from Mr. Spilling whether Oliver was out at that hour. Can't we prove an alibi, I think you call it?" " Well done, little woman, we may get some light there. I'll retain you as special pleader for Oliver." Mr. Dawson went at once to the rail- way-station and found that the ticket was purchased about 3 p.m., or twenty minutes before the train left. He also ascertabied that Oliver had been closeted with Mr. Spilling all that afternoon over the Strathalbyn business, so he imme- diately imparted this information to a detective and bade him use every en- deavor to follow up the clue. Then he went home with this grain of comfort to Rose. Rose slept little that night, but towards morning dozed off and dreamed she was in Melbourne. Walking down Collins-street she met Oliver—yet it was not Oliver, for he looked dissipated, and peering closely she saw a slight scar on his cheek. She woke with a start and hastily dressing sought her father, told him of the dream and begged to be allowed to go to Melbourne. Mr. Dawson would not hear of such a proposal and pointed out that it was not surprising that she should dream, and showed her that it was but the events of the day passing through her mind again in her sleep. He also tried to make her understand that her request was unneces- sary, because the police would communi- cate with the authorities in the Victorian capital, and also that it was unreasonable as it involved a journey of no less than one thousand miles by rail to go to Mel- bourne and back, to say nothing of the utopian idea of a young unprotected girl like her turning detective. But Rose was up in arms and the matter was eagerly discussed at the break- fast table. "You told me, father, to use my woman's wits, and now you try to restrain my first effort. My happiness and Oliver's good name are at stake, and I am willing to go anywhere and bear anything for his sake." Finally it was decided that Mrs. Dawson and Rose should leave for Melbourne next day, so that the amateur detective might assist in discovering the culprit, for she was now convinced, extraordinary as it seemed, that Oliver's case was one of mistaken identity, and that if the forger could be found everything else would be easy of explanation. Chapter V. Melbourne —busy, bustling, marvellous Melbourne—capital of the smallest colony in the Australian group, and yet a great city. Amid the hurrying throng in the busiest thoroughfares might have been seen two ladies, who slowly paced up one street and down another, now and again taking a cable car and going into the suburbs. Restless, anxious looks upon their faces. They were out all day, re- turning at night to their rooms thoroughly wearied. Rose and her mother had now been a fortnight in Melbourne, and day after day had pursued their task; each morning bringing new hope, every evening finding them more discouraged. Only one week more and Oliver would be brought to trial, and his alter ego not discovered yet. The detective employed by Mr. Dawson had also been in the city for a week with no result and finally left the case in the hands of the Melbourne police and re- turned to Adelaide. Rose, however, had determined to work to the bitter end, but was unsuccessful. Two days before the date appointed for the trial Rose and her mother were sitting in a railway carriage at the Spencer-street station waiting for the train to leave. The girl was in very low spirits and utterly dejected by her failure. Happening to look out of the widow she saw a figure that made her start. She could not speak for a moment for excitement, but touch- ing her mother pointed to the platform. Mrs. Dawson immediately exclaimed, "Oliver? Why is he here?" "No, mother ; Oliver's shadow, his enemy, the forger, the ruiner of our happiness. I'll see if he will recognise me, and then you will know whether it is Oliver, and she left the carriage and walked straight past the man, who, beyond rudely staring in her face, gave no sign of recognition. Going up to a constable she pointed out the man and asked the officer to arrest him. "Can't, miss, without a warrant." "Well, watch him, and then you will know where to find him when you have the warrant. He is wanted in Adelaide. You will find all particulars at the Detec- tive Office. But for heaven's sake, don't miss him." "All right, miss, I'll shadow him." "Oh, mother," exclaimed Rose, re- turning to the carriage, "Oliver is saved," and she sank on the seat tremb- ling with excitement. "What have you done, Rose?" Rose told her mother, and when the train left hope was once more ascendant in the noble girl's heart. Critical reader, do not say that Rose was unwomanly in the part she had acted. No man or woman is out of place when seeking the welfare of others, and it was the simple faith she had in her lover that gave her strength and resolution to carry through what she had undertaken. Now she felt assured that the real culprit would be taken and her affianced regain his liberty and clear his name. Already in imagination the message was being flashed through the wires to Adelaide, and upon arrival she would see Oliver a free man waiting to welcome her. But the ponderous wheels of justice moved slowly, and Rose found when reaching home that she alone was the bearer of the good news. Mr. Dawson, however, was delighted and told his daughter that he would im- mediately take steps for her promotion. The time sped on and no word came from Melbourne, and upon the day of the trial, when Oliver surrendered to his bail, he thought that he had bid adieu to liberty. Mr. Dawson had wired to Mel- bourne, but received a reply stating that the culprit had not been arrested. Oliver entered the dock feeling very disconsolate. Hope deferred had made his heart sick and he felt unable to rise against the forces that seemed united to crush him. The trial proceeded and the same evi- dence as tendered at the police court was again brought forward. One fresh witness was examined and that was Mr. Thornley, who to his great annoyance had been sub- pœnaed by the prosecutor, who had heard the rumor concerning Miss Thornley's re- fractory lover. In cross-examination all the particulars came out and implicated Mr. Dawson, who was called into the box and severely cross-questioned. Much to the entertain- ment of the spectators and to the chagrin of the witness the love affairs of Rose Davrson and Ada Thornley were laid bare to an unsympathetic, curiosity-mongering public, who looked upon the prisoner as a gay Lothario; and their interest deepened as the case proceeded. Rose Dawson had pleaded with her father for permission to hear the trial and he had at length given a reluctant consent; but Mr. Dawson was bitterly grieved and annoyed when under cross- examination at having submitted his daughter to the pain and shame of hear- ing her name bandied about the court. However, in a retired corner, Rose had been able to witness the proceedings with- out being under public observation, and Oliver was not aware of her presence, for she felt it would but add to his anguish if he knew she was undergoing the ordeal. So, womanlike, she suffered quietly. Now with a pale, drawn face and sad heart she sat with subdued excitement waiting for the judge's summing-up and the jury to retire to consider their verdict. One thing was painfully evident to her, and that was that the unwilling admissions of her father and Mr. Thornley had told against the prisoner, and the jury seemed as if they were ready with their verdict before counsel addressed the court. Mr. Whitwater, Oliver's counsel, made a powerful appeal on his behalf, pointing out the excellent character he bore ; the manner in which he had been en- trusted by his employers ; the discrepancy with regard to the writing on the cheque, which was entirely different in character from that of the prisoner; the absence of any motive for the crime; and above all, the incident of the ticket. It had been distinctly proved, he said, that the prisoner was not the man who had pro- cured it, and he ended his appeal by earnestly cautioning the jury against con- victing on doubtful circumstantial evi- dence and blighting the life of an inno- cent man. The judge shortly summed up and told the jury that they might dismiss the ticket incident from their minds, for he was satisfied there was no ground for suppos- ing prisoner to be the man, unless the booking-clerk had made an error in the date. That witness, however, had been positive in his assertions and they were bound to accept his testimony. However, as he recapitulated the evidence and de- tailed circumstance after circumstance it became evident that there could be no hope of an acquittal. Before his honor had ended a messen- ger came and handed a telegram to the prisoner's counsel, which after reading he handed to the judge, who, leaning over the bench, held some conversation with the lawyer. Mr. Whitwater then applied for an ad- journment in consequence of important evidence having been received from Mel- bourne, and a detective from that city would arrive by the train next morning with another prisoner. There being no opposition, the case was adjourned until next day at 2 o'clock. "Oh, father," exclaimed Rose, "Oliver is saved, Oliver is saved," and, overcome with emotion, she buried her face in her handkerchief and sobbed. Mr. Dawson took her home with all speed and was himself much elated at the turn of affairs. When the case came on again next day a fresh witness was put into the box, viz., the man arrested in Melbourne and brought over by the detective, and a murmur of astonishment ran through the court and a perplexed look was depicted on every face at the extraordinary resem- blance between him and the prisoner in spite of the dishevelled and dissipated appearance of the former. Now a new phase was opened and ex- citement waxed high. Mr. McIntyre was shown in and wit- ness was asked if he knew him and re- plied in the affirmative. Counsel—Did you ever purchase a suit of clothes from this gentleman ?—Yes, I have them on. Mr. McIntyre recognised the suit. The name of the firm was on some of the buttons and on the tape inside the collar of the coat. This was proved upon ex- amination. Counsel—How did you pay for the clothes?—With a cheque. Whose name or names were on the cheque?—Messrs. Spilling & Benson's. Where did you procure the cheque?—I wrote it out myself. Then it is a forgery?—Yes, I suppose so. Why did you forge the cheque?—Be- cause I wanted money to get away as I was in trouble. Why have you made these admissions? —Because I have been drinking and going to the bad in Melbourne, and when arrested was about tired of my life and felt that if I did not go to gaol I should commit suicide. Alfred Consayne was then brought for- ward. Counsel—Do you know this gentleman? —I don't know his name, but I believe him to be the clerk who sold me the ticket for Melbourne. You are not likely to remember a man by casually seeing him through the win- dow of a ticket-office ?—No, I should not have done so probably but for a particular incident. What was that?—On leaving the ticket window I fell and cut my finger, and some of the blood dropped ou my ticket. This gentleman dried it for me, and we con- versed for a few minutes. Did you receive any other cut or bruise ? —Yes ; I knocked the skin off my cheek when I fell. When did you go to Melbourne?—On the 23rd of last month. Counsel then called Mr. Thornley and asked if witness knew him? Witness— Yes, he is Mr. Thornley. Were you acquainted with Miss Ada Thornley?—Yes. Did you make her an offer of marriage? His Honor—This is extraneous matter, Mr. Whitwater, and does not concern the case. Counsel—I beg your honor's pardon, but if the court will bear with me I con- sider it most important that the questions I have prepared should be put to the witness. In the first place it will clear the character of my client from another charge, which, however, does not come within the jurisdiction of this court, but my examination will tend to show the motive for the charge of forgery, and show why the wrong man has been accused. His Honor—Very well, Mr. Whitwater, as long as your questions are relevant I will permit them, but I do not wish the time of the court wasted, nor can I per- mit the undue dissecting of private affairs. Counsel—I thank your honor, and pro- mise that my examination shall be as direct as possible. To witness—Did you make Miss Thornley an offer of marriage?—I did. Was your offer accepted?—It was. Why did you break the contract?—As I was in trouble and wished to get away. Your refer to the forgery?—No. What was the other trouble?—I decline to say. Do you recognise that photograph?— Yes, it is mine. I gave it to Miss Thornley. The witness was then confronted with Mr. Dawson. Counsel—Do you know this gentleman? —No. Can't you tell me his name?—I've never seen him before to my knowledge. Whose photograph is that? (Here Mr. Whitwater handed the witness a like- ness of Rose Dawson)—I don't know. Have you never seen the lady?— No, I have not. Do you know the prisoner?—No; but if I met him at night I should take him for my ghost. Have you never seen him before?— Never. Did yon ever know there was an individual in this city so resembling you in features?—I did not. Counsel to prisoner—Do you know the witness?—No; I have never seen him before, but I believe his name to be Hannam. What reasons have you for saying so? Oliver then related the incidents detailed in the first chapter. Counsel to witness—Did you ever go to England in the Chimborazo and make the acquaintance of a Mr. Strange?— Yes; that gentleman, the prisoner I mean, is quite correct in what he says. Counsel to prisoner—Why did you not make this statement before?—Because I had quite forgotten the circumstances until I heard the name of the witness. It is four or five years since the incidents occurred. Did the idea never strike you during the time you were awaiting your trial?—No; curiously enough it did not, and the only reasons I can assign are that since the incidents I have mentioned I have never seen either of the individuals concerned, nor did I ever again hear of anyone in Adelaide bearing such a remarkable resemblance to me; consequently I had forgotten all about it, and of late I have been so worried and troubled that my mind was too confused to think. This closed the case and the prisoner was acquitted. Hannam was subsequently sentenced to two years' hard labor. In acquitting Oliver the judge said— "You are most honorably acquitted, Mr. West, and leave the precincts of this hall without a stain upon your character. You have had a most painful experience, and the case is altogether unique in the history of this court. I must compliment your counsel (Mr. Whitwater) upon the able manner in which he has conducted this enquiry, and trust that you may long be spared to participate in much happiness, with the noble girl who worked so well on your behalf." Oliver was overwhelmed with the hearty and boisterous expressions of his friends, on leaving the court. They crowded round him, and foremost was poor old Thornley, who, with a very crestfallen ap- pearance, begged Oliver's forgiveness for the injury he had done him. Mr. Dawson and Mr. Spilling hurried Oliver to a cab, where Rose was waiting, and the meeting between the lovers brought the mist into the eyes of their elders. On arrival at Kent Town Oliver found other friends waiting with their congratu- lations, and he felt that it was almost worth the experience he had gone through for the joy there was afterwards. Oliver is now a prosperous man, and his children are never tired of hearing the story of how their father nearly lost mother and narrowly escaped being sent to the Stockade through being mistaken for another man. After Rose has related the story, Oliver follows by saying "Now, boys and girls, always do what is right. Be upright, honorable, and straightforward in all your actions; then your conscience will be clear and you will feel you have nothing to fear. And never forget all you owe your mother, for she saved me." 