Sporting. RIFLE ASSOCIATION MATCHES. - The 32nd annual price meeting of the N.S.W. Rifle Associa- tion, to be held daring the week ending October 30, promis efl to be one of the most enocessfal yet held, The entries received for the different matches arc os follows : The Queen's, 550 ; Nursery, 400 ; Tyro, 320 ; Dangar, 480 ; Members', 460 ; President's 450 ; Champion (aggregate), about 450 ; Special Members', 200 ; and Rifle Club's, CG ; making a total ot 337G. Over £1700 has been reoeived in entrance money. Competitors will be allowed ta travel on the trams between Bent-street and the Randwick range, and between the railway station and the range, and riea curia, at half fares from the 20th to the 31st instant, inclusive. As already announced, eight of the Grafton Reserves have entered for all possible competitions. MACLEAN REGATTA.-In connection with tho regatta on 9th proximo, intending competitors for the outrigger and light skiff handicaps are reminded that nominations for these evonts close on Thurs- day next. Tho prir.es for both tbeso contests are liberal, and should induce a good entry. We sholl be pleased to see the upper river well represented in these events, and trust that the management of the regntta will have the gratification of receiving I a numerous entry. I TATTKUSALL'S SIEKS' PBODTJCB . STAKES.-The I following sires have been nominated for Clarence Tattersalls Club ProduoeStakes, to be ran in 1894 or 1895 --T. H. Smith's Anteras, T. H. Smith's Somnas, T. IL Smith's Clayton, H. Barnes' July, C. G. Tindal's Buffoon, W. J. Hawthorne's Blarney, A. Koran's First Ohester, Jos. Armstrong's Sirius. ; At Warwick Farm, Pickwick, 7-5, ran third to Little Diok II. and Nightingale in the Farm Stakes ; boating Hander, Heir Apparent, and others. Strathmore beat Stromboli in the Caulfield Guineas. . , Everybody was in hopes that another match would be mado between Bubear and Croese, but they have been doomed to disappointment/ Bubear was willing to row in outriggers, but the Croese party stipulated that the race would have to be rowed in light skiffs. To this proposal Bubear objected, so that the proposed match has fallen through. When the racehorse Donovan was being removed from Newmarket to his owner's plaoe, Welbeck, a special train conveyed him, and he was insnred by his owner, the Dnke of Portland for £25,000. While we in Australia have bred some of the best racehorses in the world, it is almost as oertain that we have some of the fleetest ponies, a result brought about by the large amount of catering for this kind of racing. The miniatures sent from here have hold their own in India, and a Sydney correspondent is reliably informed that two or three of the best performed ponies from Sydney and Melbourne will shortly be sent to England for racing purposes. There ÍB no reason why a good trade should not be done in this line, for polo and racing ponies now bring splendid prices at home. , j "Carbine is progressing favourably at Queenscliff, and if he goes on improving ho.is certain to-be started for tho Melbourne Stakes. ; It will depend on how ho shapes in that event whether be will be started for the Cup. A great raoe waa recently ran in Amerioa between the horses Longstreet and Teny, the former winning by eight lengths. The match was for GOOOdol. eaoh - with 2500dol. added, 1 ¡ miles, and the time ls recorded os 2min. 7.}seo. - j Carbine still remains in tho Melbourne Cup, although the bubble has been pricked, and all the gas which had kept the old . horse at pretty high metallic meter allowed to escape. Mr. Wallaoe, if ho starts his horse, will be influenced by a desire to give those' of the publio who have baoked him ia run for their money. But, 'tis cruel to be kind at times, and though to a maa all of us wonld rejoioe to see the old horse start, if fit and well, ia the Melbourne Cap, our gratification would be much marred if it wore enjoyed at the expense of the publio, who would' most assuredly risk and lose another thousand -pounds if Carbine oame to the post.. By the way, something, like BIX weeks back Carbine was tried with Megaphone at Ocean Grove, and the four-year- old beat " bid Jack " so easily that those who knew what weights were up realised that Carbine wonld have to improve immensely 'to have tho ghost of a ohanoe of winning a Melbourne Cap with lOst 121h on his baok. j Callaghan and Toomey ore to fight to a finish at the Lismore Theatre Royal on Saturday next. ; - Mr. Blundell Maple has offered to match hin recent pnrohase Common against the colt Queen's Birthday for ten thousand ponnds aside. Kow; if the wealthy upholster would make it twenty thous- and pounds a-side, and fix the date about next September, we would match an~é,astraliau:harse,!to be named say in June, against tho winner ot " tho , triple Crown." ; 