:ROUMANIAN SUPERSTITIONS' The current number of the sNosrella Rercie contains an interesting article descriptive of the peculiar beliefs and practices of the Ronmanian peasantry on the subject of the supernatural. At this time of day, as the writer regretfully remarks, it is useless to look for the superstitions any more than for any other form of the picturesque in ?s streets of Bucharest. The Roumanian citadin is just like his fellow cockney all the world over; he wears the orthodox costume of Western Europe; and, that being so, it is idle to expect to discover more than the very smallest remnants of his ancestral ideas under the abomination of civilisation-the stove-pipe hat. But the Roumanian peasant, the Opinrcr, the man who lives his life between the Carpathians and the Lower Danube, is still very much what his fore fatherewerebefore him. His imagination has not been coloured a neat uniform drab by the brush of modern" progress, and he is still refreshingly behindhand in the race for a complete coating of that melan choly monochrome.. From the cradle to the grave the Roumanian peasant is escorted by ahost of popular practices meant to shield him from the malefic influences of the evil spirits of the unseen world. Of these there are no lack, for Slavonic superstitions are mingled in Roumania with survivals of classic mythology which have been inherittd by the descendanus of Trajan's legionaries from their Romanised ancestors. Centuries cf. Christi anity have not been able to obliterate altogether the marks of • the. Roman eagle's claw, and the ' demigods and nymphs of Grieco Roman legent linger yet under,,tho sheltering shadow of the;Car pathians. µ - ., , Th'us,,when'a child is born, the father and mother.invsriably.turn ;their ores anxiously in the direction of th'e' wainddv r rehind thatarre'lnrking the three invisible spinners, the Uzitoare, who are weaving the web of the infant'sdestiny, the lineal descendants of the Paret of classic mythology. Before the the child is christened it has to play its part i ' the -important ceremony. of the. first bath 'This is administered to the child in the, lbisa .'or copas a wooden vessel, which serves alike for b'th' and cradle, not to mnli[onnumerous other domestiopur poses. The babe's go3mother performs the ablutions at her own house, wbither the child is carried; together with a present of sugar and coffee. If it is a boy the god mother must pour into the bath a symbolical mixture of corn, wine, and honey; and in the case of a girl some feathers from a dove's wing and some petals of a rose take. the place of the wine. The feathers and rose leaves form a pretty prayer to the Three Spinners that the girl's footsteps through life may be soft as down, aed. her face as fair as the rose in blossom.'If you desire to read in the book of destiny the future of your offspring you may prove a boy's. character much as 'ortia proved her lovers'. Present the child with a loaf, a rod, and a book. If he takes the bread he will be a man of common- sense and practical knowledge of the world; if the rod, he will be a ne'er-do- well ; if the book, he will grow up to be a great scholar. Love and marriage, like birth and death, have ever been fruitful themes for the exercise of popular superstition in all countries. In Roumania, as elsewhere, the. moon i the maiden's chief cosidanfe in affairs of the heart. A properly constituted Roumanian damsel will on no account omit to hail the new moon with the following invocation: "New Queen ! in health thou hast found me; in health leave me. Thou hast found me unwed; leave me with .a handsome husband at my side." Thus they invoke Diana, the moon-goddess, as their ancestors, doubtless, invoked her centuries ago. Neither will the same maiden forget, when the month of March comes round, to sus pend from her neck or her wrist the mnartsichor, a silver coin, which, in April. will be carefully hung upon a rose bank while its owner drinks a draught of milk. In this way she will infallibly obtain a complexion of the most exquisite pink and "white. Having thus secured a share of beauty, the next thing is to turn it to account in the market of matrimony. If our maiden lacks the courage or the opportunity to follow the classio tradition, go to the forest by moon light, and there, stripped of her clothing, to look for the face of her futur in the waters of the spring, she may'yet obtain a sight of him in her dreams if she will place a sprig of basil beneath her pillow on the night of the Epiphany. It is also an excellent thing for a girl who is in haste to wed to wear basil in her hair or her corsage, that herb having traditionally the attraction of a mayfly for a trout for every well-regulated Roumanian youth. Should she desire to know whether she will wed within the year, let her go by night to the garden hedge, choose in the dark two neighbouring branches, and bid them together with a ribbon. Returning in the morning she will examine them, and if she finds that she has bound the branches of two separate bushes her desire will be awcom plished; but if, unfortunately, they both spring from the same root then no wise woman in all Roumania can tell her how long she will have to wait; unwed. When she is definitely engaged she presents her fianci with her sash as a formal acknowledg ment of the betrothal; and should she be so lucky as to hear a dove coo, or a cuckoo sing (upon her right side-not her left), then all is bound to go well with the pair. But if the betrothed pair would live long to enjoy each other's society, let them take care on the day they are married not to cross another wedding party coming'out of church : for if they do either bride or bridegroom will die before the year is out. Theseprecautions being taken, wedded happiness will follow. Ghosts, and other uncanny other-world reatures, are plentiful in Roumania, and as various as plentiful. There are the Strigol, evil spirits who will make their way into the house on St. Andrew's night unless you rub your doors and windows with garlic, the smell of which these spirits cannot abide. There are the Moroi, or spirits of unbapti.ed children, who cry for their mothers' breasts, and will not be appeased until their little graves have been sprinkled with holy water for seven years. Most fearsome of allis the Vampire, wholeavesethe tomb by night, and wanders till cockorow working evil to men. But the spirit of the departed will rest unvexed provided that his coffin contain a comb, a piece of soap, and, above all, the classic obol, the wage of the Infernal Ferryman. For the Roumanian peasant still pays the burial fee to Charon. 