'1oc9itot. AN AUSTRALIAN. NOVEL, nY IVAV DEXTER. rAIL eIGiOTS a>EnvrsDn.1 Rolltiacedoln ystery CHAPTER XIV.--(Corn NuED.) It was still there and only a few feet away, but the murky gloom did not allow of its being clearly seen. Cautiously the young warehouseman Inserted the stick and pushed it slowly towards the object, after first making sure that his retreat was open. "The beast must be asleep," lie mut tered. as he felt the stick touch it and no movement followed. Encouraged by this inertia, he gave a more vigorous poke, and started back, for a movement certainly took place. He evidently expected a rush, but none took place, and lie ventured to look in acain. The animal was still there, and em boldened by its evident disinclination to comee out iho made another attack on it. This time a suspicion began to fill his mind that the guide might be right after ail, and the wish being father to the thousht might have induced him to think that it was the wombat he was trying to cutline in the darkness. As he felt the object again he became c ,vinced tihat it was not a livinganimni, I:it a stone he was seeking to dislodge, for it felt hard and sounded sharply when struck. He therefore tried to pull it towar.ls him. As he drew the stick back he could feel it comnig to him, and when lie looked in again it was almost at the mouth of the excavation. As his eyes became accustomed to the gloom they fixed on the mysterious object with a rigid stare, and fo,r a full minute he remained on his hands and knees lihke one petrified " What ths devil are you looking at, Bruce ?' asked one of his companions. " You look as frightened as if Old Nick hiasclf was there." The young ??an thus spoken to stood up and hastily clambered out of the ex ?:,ation. His face was white anil his ' ,le appearance that of a man who had sud~ldly and unexpectedly met with an tu-paoant and startling sight. )i \iy, man, you lave'nt seen a ghost srely I' spoke one of the pairty, as he jumped down to the mouth :of the Ihle. As he pered sin an. equally startled letk crept over .his face, and .ii a few otnments he rejoined liis comrades, who had surrounded tB l?se. "It's a human °skull," "the latter was toiling the awe-s'ruck youths. "'You must be mis:aken," was the roply. " I've no doubt it's'the skull of a ald woinbat, or perhaps a wallaby that i.s been dragged into the hole." "Go and look for yourself," rejoined Bruce. and the man who had just re turned from the opening, added : ' Yes, you'll soon be satisfied on the ;':int. It's a human sktll-man or asman-as certain as we stand here." The man addressed slowly descended to ahe hole, and there in front of him lay tie grinning skull. Death mlust be pleasant, someone has s:Id. because it always grins, but there 5as no pleasantry revealed in that hideous s::obk thus strangely brought to light in :'"t wild and unfrequented spot. Riesting there in its weird grave, the :cu..king mouth, and sockets vacant of :i;ir eyes, it seemed to the startled man ; he again sentient with life and tel a:g the story of its queer abode. His comrades were bending over him, and after repeated requests from them, lie put his hand into the hole and shud deringly lifted out the repulsive relic of mosrtal humanity. The wondering group of men looked . upon it with almost superstitious feel A human skull under ordinary cir canitances is not very awe-inspiring, b:t this skull must hase an extraordinary history attached to it. How did it- get there? To whom did it belong? Per laps it was a dead and mute witness of a :oal murder, or mayhap some weary pilgrim along life's highway had volun tarily laid down his load and shortened 'he journey with Isis own hand. Then it might belong to a tourist like themselves, who, wandering through the undergrowth, had stumbled into the "morat hole, and, being.seriously in jared, had either died of starvation or ben attacked and killed by the wom-W blats. S:orics had been told of these animals attacking men, and it was well known 'hat a child had been carried off by them 'a the north side of Mount Mace don. . As one of the men looked up at the tremendous cliff, the face 'of which elicteot fo the'spttnegun,;c a momentary idea st uekir.llhhtuhth l-fatltover it might Itount- f tr?e -pred'irci-'f the h-utian r:;ic, but it seemed so improbable.thatL ti th; igliht iiniediatrly passed away... Tlhese and a hundrecd othdi'ohjectureI passed through' the minds of the silent group, and for several minutes no one spoke. - 'i' (+ - 1 Their eyes rested queatinly:.on the impassive skull as thouh itdj:iiii n it like the ?hobst in H??mlet to " unfold its tale," but it spliyn x-likeoinmmbility resialed nothin.. . Perlhps this is the skull of an aboriginal who has d':d here ,nd beenih biried in the wombit-hole,~.sugghsted oiie of. the nice.. It sounded feasable enough, 'ut it did not elucidate tlio mystery, and as they still wonderrd, the guide said: ' We miust be getting- awiy from here; unless you wish -to camp' hero all night. We'h.ars only about' two louors of day light. nod. we could never pass throigh the Gles in thi dark'. The prospect of 'riiht i?ti'r that wild eerie spot was iot to the taste of the party, and, forgetting all. about tihe object of their search, they were hurriedly gathlr .ing their tools together, when the guido said.: " We had better conceail the- pick and shovels here nistil to-morrow, as this hole must be searched for further traces of the bones which should belong to the skull. Several of my friends will join in the search if iou are agreeable; and there is no need to ,bring these awkward tools to the hotel and back again." The young imen at once fell in with the suggestion, for now that they had gone so far, they were eager to probe the mystery to the bottom. , Securely planting the tools, they made their way back tif"the Forest Inn. l'E" :' T itE ?:.LETON.r , " Where's your wombat, boys ?" 'asked the smiling host. "Here," replied Bruce, who had taken possession of the ghastly relic by virtuee of first discovery, suddenly uncovering the skull, which, with its everlasting grin, seemed to regard the matter-probably from the frights it caused-in the light of a good joke. " Where on earth did you get that ?" inquired the alarmed innkeeper. "Dug it out of a wombat-hole at'the foot of the Camel's Hump," was- the laconic answer. "Ali," said English, thoughtfully, " this discovery requires -sifting thoroughly. It would be as well if you gave information to the police at once, for some light on past events may re sult." Have you any theory regarding the skull ?" asked Biruce. " Yes, a couple of years ago two men mysteriously disappeared in this locality. They were last seen on the Camel's Hump,, and no trace has been found of them since, with the exception of blood stains on'the great cliff. It was thought at the, time that during a thick mist which enveloped the peak, they might have accidentatly walked over the preci pice; but the absence of the bodies ren dered all attempts at discovery a failure, although every possible effort was made to throw light on the mystery." "I read something about it in' the papers," replied Bruce. With this information regarding the events of two years previous, which most of the party now recollected reading in the metroliolitanu newspapers, Bruce sought out tihe one policeman, stationed at Middle Gully, and placed:the skull in his possession, after recounting the man nor in whichit had been found. Tihe constable arranged for a large party to proceed to the spot on the follow ing day,. and during the evening tole graphed to Melbourne for the detective who had charge. of the Edgar and Marshall disappearance cases. With the first train next morning De tective Lynx arrived, and a considerable number of visitors and residents made their way. to tlhe. wombat-hole to search for further remains. ' -; For several, hours the party labored, and at length they came to a recess in the drive-evidently: ohe ' of the . sleeping places of the animal-where they' ounid rib-bones partly gnawed and also a thigh bone. . Thus encouraged they still excavated, and soon it was'apparent that they ?wre reaching the living occupant of the ibur-. row. - . - D Deep growls and grunta wi ere. plainly. heard, and a small terrier that "bhearded the lion id: his den," ca ie out niore rapidly than' it entered, and with every mark offear..' - -" In another: half hour they .saww the eyes of the wombat' gleaming through the darkness likefieiry coals, and at the sug gestion of an old resident it was decided to shoot it, for, saidlie he "If the darned thing starts buirowing it may get away from us faster than we can follow."' - \- The advice was solind, and .Bruce; acting .upon:it, put a charge of swan shot between the two gleaming eyes. A shaoritruggle aniid scraping followed, anditi? s ?evident the 'shot had done its work. .. . . - Stial the.diggers.toiled, and it was nearly five o'c?l?ck bfore they came to the dead body bf a Weombat of unusually large size anid evidntlyj; from' the greylaira-- or bristles-which thickly ituidded.the tawny hide, of great age. Lifting it out, they, fuiind the dmivb endedgin.that direction, andid a chamiiber bof some size had been scooped out. This was the regular sleeping and din ing place of the aniial-its bed-chamber and dining-room. " Scattered about were the bones of various aninals, for anwom bat has the appetite of d pig. It is herbivorous, gramnivorous, or carnivor ous as occasion demrands. It is, in fact, omnivorous, for all is fish that comes to its net. - The experiented eye of the detective at once discovered the bones they were searchingfor. - With the exception of the very smallest'lpnes, the missing parts of the skeleton they were in search of were found and carefully wrapped up. Considerable difficulty was experienced in gathering up the bones, as they were nearly all broken in various places. The party then made a.cluse search along the route of-the excavation to see if any branches from the-main hole existed where another skeleton might be concealed, but none were discovered. -After the detective had made a rigid icrutiny of the granite cliff, and measured thedistance betwee the spot where the blood stains had been found at the base and the mouth of the late wombat-hole, the party gathered together and slowly made their way back to Middle Gully, carrying with them in a bag thie inert bones that once were as capable of loco motion as the most robust amongst them. The detective took chsargoof them, and, rriving "at the village, accompanied McDdnough, the constable, to -his residence.to obtain the skull anddhave tea with him. Unlocking a small cupboard, the polie; man took out the skull and handed it to his friend; . hIt wa 'in an exceedingly good state of preservation probably through it- hiaving beent protected frdmn wind and weather. ' The detective luoked at it intently, as though he wished to read its secret. Then taking a small parcel. from' his pocket he unrolled it slowly, revealing, a tooth., "Look hero, IMcDonough,". he said. SThis 'skull has a remarkably fine set of teeth. i Many a swell dudo or flies lady would envy it their possession if they saw them, but one is missing, and 1 think I can supply the want." Then carefully taking up the bony head he placed the tooth in the solitary gap in the jaws, andl it fitted exactly. " You see, this tooth is similar to its fellows in the jaw," he- remarked to the interested constable. "I have no doubt it belongs to the head, and it nay furnish an important clue to the identification of the skeleton. This tooth was found at the foot of the Camel's [lamp Cliff two yeirs ago, as you may rem,'mber, when Edgar, the tourist. and Marshall, the survey man, disappeared. It is most probable.that the remains belong to otoe of these men. But which?" he musinuly added, "that's the point. The fact of the bones being so fractured is also ovidence that death resulted from a fearful fall." '" But how did the body got into the wombat-bholo" inquired . 'Donough. "The wombat could not possibly have dragged it there, big though it was, and it could not have been taken lfiece-meal; the search- parties were at the place where the tooth was found within twenty-four hours after the men disap peared."-. "If we had found two skeletons instead of one,"'returned Lynx, apparently un heeding his companion's questions, "the mystery would have been much clearer, but as it is I don't like the appearance of thecase." "- But you don't suppose,' was- the reply, " that' Marshall and Edgar would have both walked over the cliff at the same time and at the same spot, and have been dragged away by the same wombat. If they were both accidentally killed dur ing the mist one of the bodies may have fallen in another place, and the skeleton be now in another hole." S"But only one spot showed traces of a fall over the cliff," the detective answered, "and it is altogether improbable that there was a double accident at the same time, unless the two men were together and clutched each: other on the edge of the precipice whe~hoey suddenly stepped over. That would be my solution if two bodies were found, but as itis," he added, with a shrug, "1 really cannot unravel the skein." "Time reveals all thinugs," sagely spoke M'Donoughl. " But what is the good to us if half a century hence the secret islaid bare. Another generation. will get the credit, and they will look back upon us as stupid officers who hadn't'enough sense'toktiow when we were hungry." "Come now, Lynx," good, humoredly retorted McDonough,, "we 'havrb sense enough to know thatire are hungry now, and tea is waiting us. Whly should we worry ourselves about a matter that doesn't concern-us much, when one of the most interested parties philosophically grins at our troubles," lie added, pointing to the skull.whicli rested onthe table. "r wish, to God it could: speak;" for rently ejaculated the business-like doe tective. , : : ?,. After a hearty repast-for their appo tites were not at all disturbed, but rather whetted by the discovery of the skeleton -the two officers strolled over to'the Forest Inn, and obtained whit .little' 'further information the party of ware housemen could give them as to the find ing of the skull.; \- Half-ati-hour later the dstective bade McDonodgh -good-bye,? and wasn being whirled away to Melbourne in the.night. express, bearing with him a parcel care fully wrapped` up, and which containqd the ghastly tropihies recovered fromn the iolato-hole. " :N ? "Now," he mused,, as horeclhin`d luxuriously in the .emptyfirst-class com liartment, "this disc,,very opens up again the case of thie inising mer sEd ~ir and Marshall. One of them is ?:o?l?ger missing ;" he went on, glancing at the package. " he is there, but which of them is it ? There wasn't the slightest sign of anything in thue ?vombat-hole thaiitwbuld. lead to identification-noat a mg of clothes, . or paper. No sign of motney or jewellery, nor, in fact, of anythinmg. T will paysan other visit to the place ,in a day or two, and search it again. :A crowd is ahviys a hindrance to a good search; perhaps the body was naked when placed in the hole, for I begin tothink that nothing short of human Intelligence could so successfully have obliterated all traces of the body which fell over the cliff." : : He puffed away for some time at a cigar; and then suddenly exclaiied..id "Alh! I-was nearly forgetting the dis covery of the man's footprint; which was found close to wherethis tooth was picked up."-and as he spoke he tapped his vest pocket-" That footprint was proved to have been Marshall's, and could only have been a day or two old at the time, as it was not obliterated by the rain thit fell. Now, if Marshall is alive, what could havebeeoi -his objeof in disappear ing. That puzzles me. He could have no motive in placing Edgar's body in the hole if he found it, and, so far as I see, could have no possible mbtive in commit ting murder. Accordiingto the survey mlen he was not a bad sort of fellow, but 1 must.try and find out son)ething more about him. No bne seemed to know anything about his antecedents when he disappeared, but I'll try it again. If I don't try I won't know." Thus puzzling himself over thecase en trusted to him, Melbourne was reached, and the detective hurried away to give in his report to his superior officer. Next dey the metropolitan press had a full account, detailing the strange finding of the mysterious skeleton, and though ani inqucat was held, no light was thrown upon its identity. The venerable wombat that had bee., done to death in its lair was a source of considerable curiosity when brought .to town by the successful party of ware housemen. The intercolonial and country papers copied the news from their M1elbourne contemporaries, and, after the lapse of two years, the mystery of the mount was again revived. CHAPTER XVI. PeLIP SIMaISON.- -o If in olden times all roads ledto Rome, it is no less certaiu that Victoriati history shows that all roads in this colony lead to Melbourne. . After-the first great rushes to the gold- fields this was especially the case, and the money spent in themetropolis by success ful diggers has done much to build up the great city. - There is no need to repeat hero how fortunes were spent in a few weeks in the gilded man-traps of Melbourne; which yawned to receive the lucky and foolish digger. Such things have- been worn thored-bare by repetition. ''" . On: the principle of " easy come, easy go," it was only to be expected that the eimplo pigeons would be pounced upon by watchful hawks, but taking all things into consideration, the history of those excited times proves that far more honesty and fair dealing was abroad than the, many temptations which existed would lead one to believe. ' With less cause, San Francisco was in finitely worse in this respect than the capital of Victoria, so that \Melbournites have cause to look with some pride on the early history of their city. Of course, if any man with more money than sense- wished to outer UDon the downward course of dissipation he could find in Melbourne every opportunity of doing so, and many companions who would help him on the Avernian'road. If he did not wish to act the prodigal lie would find life and property as secure as in the most orderly city of the British Empire, and this fact undoubtedly in fluenced..many wealthy 'persons to perminently reside in the city, and ex panded it in so rapid a manner.' The Moliagal digger evidently took this latter view of life, and, instead of squan dering his money in the drinking.hells and other disreputable places, he took quiet and respectable lodgings in a- ter race in Nicholson-street, opposito the present Exhibition building. His liking for the tap-room and the whisky'bottle had suddenly lefthim,aiiid he ivalked in'the path of rigid morality. Phillip Simpson was the name he gave the landlady, and, after a brief aequaint ance, that good 'woman vowed her new lodger was the best she ever had. "He is no trouble, my dear," she con fidentially informed a lady friend. r ' He never grumbles at his foeod; his bed al ways suits him, and I am sure," she added in a deep whisper, "' he has -pleity of money, because he thinks as little 6f a sovereign as I would of a shilling." " Is he a professional man ?" asked the visitor. "I don't know; he doesn't speak much, and when he does he avoids mention of himself." "There is a mystery about him, then. It must be charming to have a boaider who hasta secret to conceal," she added, with a laugh; though not without a touch of malice, for she, too,, kept a boarding house, and had been unfortunate with her lodgers. - " I don't know whether he has a searet or not, and I don't pry into my lodger's affairs. All I can say is that Mr. Simpson is a very nice man;" replied the landlady, bridling up. •Mr. Simpson, the "very nice man;" was certainly widely different from the morose, solitary, and ill-tempered digger, of MoliaTgul. Yet?so it'vas. Tho leopard had changed his spots-the transforma tion was complete. -:.Whatjhad wrdought the alteration could only have been--the `gold. Theo lucre, which debases some naitures," liad ap parently elevated this one, aind trans f6rmed the uncouth and brutal -pauper into-:the polished and refined genitle man. Mr. Simpson was also fond of society- another phase of clharacter froin that pre sented at Moliagul, where he lived like a hermit. , Society in': those days' as ~iot very exclusive-that is, if the very highest and very limited circle be excepted-and the polite Mr.. Siilson-rwas soon wel comed in many houses. His'manner-certainly entitled him to the invitations he received, and it was whispered that'-his wealth was much greater than he :'cared: to let pebple' knoiw. ., , . llowas not a boastful min-n, but iwhat little Ihe said, he dlid, and, with a ficulfy for multiplication which did their asith mhetical'ttrai?iia' c?dit, his acqunaint4inces increased hiso baii~ing account-'si least tenfold:' a\Vere he came fr6m, or what he was-though it wasr.g*ramlly under stood he wps a luCkydi ggg~o ev people cared to aak l It wassulcient that he had money7 and ?oiddu'ed himself like a gentleman.: . On a- certain evening, about three months after he took up 'his abode in Mtelbourne.?Mr.:Simpson was invited to a ratherselect gatliaring at the house of a frieind iiit Hiotl~ m-street, East Mel bourne. He had accepted the invitation, .for he made it a point;of never refusing one ifi he could help it. His landlady had re marked that he never spent an evening at home, but passed them in society. It was nine o'clock when lie reacltedl his-friend's house, and most of the guests were assembled. His host, Mr. Evelyn, introduced him to those hedid not kn6w, and this rugged digger, of a few months ago, settled down to his enjoyment with the easy grace of a well-bred gentleman. Half-an-hour after his entry Mr. Evelyn approached and said: "Two,friends of mine havo just ar rived,:ind; It-think they are stningrs to you. Let me-have the pldasurd of 'intro ducing you." "- Ishall b'e most pleased," he'answered; and the two crossed the room to where a lady wasseated, and a gentleman stand ing at her side. "-biss Deveroaux, my friend Mr. Simpson; Mr. Rennie, allow me to intro duce Mr. Simpson." The young lady bowed, and formality ended; the four enteredinto conversation on common-place subjects. In a few minutes Evelyn hunried away to receive other guests who were enter ing, and the conversation flagged for a time. Neither Adeline Deveresux or Ernest Rennio felt in much humor for talking, and, indeed, they both looked as if:'they would rather be away from the' gay Simpson felt it rather-irksomeodoing all the talk, and on' the firast dopportuntiy, with a polite salute, he left them. " I would much rather I had tnoet come, Mr. Rennie,': the girl said, "but I could not refuse the kind invitation ofsmy dear father's old friend." , I hope you will benetis by your acceptance, for you know that ' all work and no play" and so onis not good for-any one. You must not worry yourself too much with the sad business wo'have in hand," he said, anxiously. With forced gaiety he rallied the girl into having a dance, after which the Miss Evelyns carried her away and monopolised her for some time. She was seated conversing with the eldest daughrer, wihn MIr. Simpsonap preached and took the vacant chair be side her, upon which Miss Evelyn re tired.-(To be Continued) M:M 6 