, SPORTING. Chorlio Lewie, who seems to have ipenchdnt for running seconds, rode Tinstream into second place in tho Start Handicap at Ade laido on Tuesday At this meeting Paddy i Bolger's Frolic finished third in tho Hnrdle Race, canying 12st 101b, tbe race falliog to | Comedy, lUst 91b, with Myotic, lOst 7lb, second. Glenloth is weighted at 7st Gib for the Sep. tember Handicap at Mentono on Saturday, and has been tipped to win. Another record of high jumping was pat ap on Friday at the Royal Agricultural Society's Show, Melbourne, Spondulix, who won tbo first priEf, clearing tho bars without a touch when thoy wero at Oft. 9£in. The best on j record in this colony previously wai alio made I by Spondalix, who at tbo 1890 show jumped I over a rigid rail Gft. Gin. above the ground. A writer in a Melbourne paper says:— Clonard must have cost somebody a tmall for* tune in entry fees, which will someday bo re* turned manifold, or I am mistaken ; and may be he will be heard of in connection with tbo Caulfield Cup, in which be will have only 7et 81b to carry. Fiied Drew, tobacconist, has a double book On the Caultiold and Melbourne Cups ; £100 to fa (if not); aleo, doublo book Derby and Cup [Aite.] ? -Tiie following is positively a true story (writes no English exchange) Two young gentlemen, who, etrange to bay, knew not Mr Blundell Maple, were discussing on tho course a race which had just boon docided. Quoth one to tho other, 'Herel' I backed this damned Maple's horso, and of sourio it's second ; hanged if I don't go there to-morrow nnd buy a bedstead, and not pay for' it.' Mr Maple, who happoned to bo standing closo by at the timo, was immensely amused. W. Rheoce, the well-known cross country rider, who was injured while riding at the Richmond River anunal meeting, was on Mon* day granted £20 from the A.J.O, Distressed Jockey Fund. - Ariadne has been entered for all the prin cipal events at thelllawarra Turf Club meet ing, to take place on Septomber 9 and 10. As we anticipated, Timbrel has turned out a disappointmsnt, for after etartiog in the Wagga Cup a second favorite, and with the able assistance of that brilliant horseman Colloy, tho son of of The Drummer pulled op very lame, which must be disheartening to his owner Mr D. O'Shea, who is such a sterling sport. Gtraciej who belongs to tho same owner, also pullod up Tory proppy after her Cup gallop; . The Wagga Cup was run this yoar in the quickest time since tho distance has beon once round, Two Up occupying 2min. 32$ eecs. for the journey. In 1883 whon the distance was altered from 2 miles, Drumstick won in 2min. 40&4&, repeating his victory the following year in 2aecs. loss. Last year Yunko was heralded as the winnor in 2min. 44aec, As a most consistent animal, tho rmrfar. aance of May Day at tho rocont Wagga moeting (after a dual wiu at Narandora) is worthy of remark. Starting in tho Filing Handicap, the son of Sunrtto ran a good second to tho speedy Jo, and in tho Grand stand Handicap had again to piny second fiddlo to the ' woll kopt ' Piety. Two Up, who surprised evorybody by win ning the Wagga double, is by Arobi, from a tionnie Carlisle marc, and in tho Cop curticd OJlb ovorweight. Stanmoro rodo Mr Wood* bridge's horse in both events, nnd this good : horseman had great luck in securing the | toount ou such ''a veritablo Carbino lot | loose.1' | 'Freelance' write* in tho Sportsman:— ! Glenloth, who has boen strougly : fancied in tome quarters for the Caulfield Cup, in which v.* tii, v*„.r ? j __ .? gloriously in the Elaternwick Pttrk Hnudicip (under Gst 9lb) that unless his trainor can effect a marvellous improvement in his con dition between this and tho 11 th of noxt month, bis Cuulfield Cup prospects of victory would nppeur utterly hopeless. Another sporting writer eays Glenloth sadly die* apj^ioted, his backers -at Elstornwick on Saturday, Tho sor, of iHenmarkio lookod big and lusty to me, and will very much improro upon his dual porformnncos or I am much mistaken. His pnrty backed bin pretty stiffly for both races. Tho.following racehorses wero to havo been bronght under tho hnmmor nt Wagga yester- ' day On account of Mr D. O'Shea : Bay horse Timbrel, 6 yrs, by Tho Drummer— Miss Whiffler ; bay gelding Vacy, by Rrardon; bay mare Grade, by Belladrum. On account of Mr. P. Heffornnn : Fairy King, by Grand Flaneur — Fairy Quoon (imp.); Sundown, by Sunrise — Roseneath ; Broneowing, by Watee* ford— BeeBwinf?. For the Victorian football premiership on Satorday last, tho Melbourne F.C. played a draw with Fitzroy F.O-, scoring 4 goals 4 behinds to 4 goals 5 bobmds ; Fsjondon, the prospective premiers, dofoated St. Kilda by 10 goals 16 behinds to 3 goals G belunds; Carlton (10 goals 9 behind*) dofoated Foots* cray (4 goals 5 behinds) ; Goelong (4 goals 7 behinds) defoatod Port Melbourne (3 goals 9 behinds) ; and South Melbourno (9 goals 11 behiuds) defoated Richmond (I goal 7 be* hinds. The Wagga mooting came to a successful conclusion on' Tuesdaylast. Tho following pir^tnlars of tbo racing came to hand aftor wo had gone to press. For tho Town Plate a dozen sported silk, and aftor J5 had led his fiold into tho straight, ho was challengod by 8imon, but Two-Up, running strongly, camo through in tho centre and won easily by throe longths from Farewell, who camo fast from tho distanco and beat J5 for socond place by half a length. Rushlight, coming with a rattle at tho end, was fourth, Simon fifth, and Roebuck'last. The winner, who is by no means a taking looking horse, was loudly cheered on roturning to tho paddock, the jockey Stanmoro also coming in fo t a hearty round of applause for his riding of tho favorite.- The Disposal Stakes bronght out ten runner*, Ellery, who had woo the previous day being installed favorite at evens. The result was ncvor in doubt, as tho favorite by ton lengths from Beach, who juit boat the local mare Stella for second placo. Sandal was left at the post. On befog put up to auQtion tho wiuncr was bought in for £30, the club netting £10. Sandal was also claimed, and bought in by the owner for £75. tho club again bonefiting to the tune of a tenner. The latter was only entered to bo sold for £10. The Steeplechaso, in tohich much interest wob contred, brought out ten tradesman, but was robbed of a lot of interost by six of that num* ior falling. Tho Ghost, who is tho property ?cl W. YeomanV, acd who had the assistance of the equostrian artist Jack Brewor, was tbe popular pick at 3 to 1, Called Back being next ia demand. Tho favorite blundered at the first objcct, aftor which ho took no further part in tho proceedings, Only four finished, 1 Transit winning by 3 lengths from Elton, who was a similar distance in front of the Naran dora horse Ontario, who is by old Todding '.on, Tumbaramba was fourth. Thequartettd which finished jumped splondidly, never ! making a mistake. The moeting wound up with the Ladies' Bracelet, which brought out ten aspirants. Associate, who ran fourth in the Cup, was favorito at 2 to 1, but The Boss Tailor (a 6 to 1 chanco), whose ownor in Junee rejoices in this aobriquot, won oasily by a longth from tho favorite, who camo very ast at tlio end. 