FROM fflM«ER TO THRONE. A KEW LITE OF JESUS THE CHRIST ASfD A HISTORY OF PALESTINE AIsD ITS PEOPLE. [By ™e Eev. T. De Witt Taljiage, D.D.] CifArxER VI. (CJoMinnid.) on, or.op.iors night J Bi-tlilehem lies upon a hillside overlooking a beautiful valley, rich with succulent grasses, on which great flocks of sheep were sent to graze in the time of Christ, and over which shepherds were appointed to watch. It was so in the days of David, perhaps long before, and it ia so el-ill. These shepherds were accounted faithful.' honest, and religious ; their occupants has ever been a symbol of humility and x-ro\i- dentia! care, and the shepherd's crook has been made to take its place in church ritualism as a token '.of complacency with the Divine will, as well also to serve as an emblem of priestly authority. It is not strange that to these faithful watchers the first news oi the birth should be conveyed : but it was not by messengers afoot nor by acclaims of priests, nor by cymbals and hautboys in the hands of worshippers. The effulgence of the day would have been needed to give them dispatch. The time was night, a holy night, when silence was Nature's invoca tion and the stars blazed their orisons with tremblings of ecstasy. While ' night,' in all language?, is the symbol for gloom and suffering it is often really cheerful, bright, and impressive. I speak not of such nights as come down with no star pouring light from above, or silvered wave tossing np light ironi beneath — murky, hurt ling, portentous —but such as you often see when the pomp and magnificence of heaven turn out on night parade; and it seems as though the Epng which the morning stars begau so long ago were chiming yet among the con stellations and the sons of God were shouting for joy. Such nights the sailor blesses from the forecastle, and the trapper on the vast prairie, and the belated traveller by the road side, and the soldier from the tent, earthly hosts gazing upon heavenly, and shepherds guarding tneir flocks afield while angel hands above them set the silver bells a-ringing— ? 'Glory to God in the highest and on earth peace, goodwill toward men.' And on this blessed night the angel o£ the Lord rode out from the mansions of alabaster, down the steep from the fckies, drawing with liim streams of dazzling radiance like shadows of suns and stars and with a rush of glories floated over the heads of the startled shepherds as they were keeping their quiet, perhaps half -sleeping watch. It was Gabriel aeain, the holv messen ger, who had appeared to Xacharias, and to Ivlaiy, and to Joseph in a dream, who now came bearing more joyful tidings than ivero ever before unfolded. ' But a flaming presence, at onee so awful and magnificent, struck the single shepherds with fear, for they did not immediately per eeivo the import of the angel's coming. Ifear bad fallen on Zacharias, fear had fallen on Mary, and fear had now come upon tlie per haps less pious shepherds ; and I imagine that a sight of so wondrous a spectacle, a revelation of subli-no glorification floating in a blazing sen. would bring a iiush of fear to the bravest heart; but as the sbinin^ messenger eahned the perturbations of the ministering priest and the holy virgin, so did he at once speak peace to the shepherds by these inspiring words — ? ' Fear not : for behold I bring you good tidings cf great joy, which shall be to all people. 3ror unto you is born this day in the city oi ] 'fervid a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord, and this shall be r« sign unto you : ye shall fir.d the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.' To the splendor of the holy messenger there suddenly flamed up a yet greater light, tlnow in;,' its radiance higher in the sky, until there was revealed to the startled shepherds the vision of a heavenly host, an angelic band raimented with an cifulgencc that flooded the fields afar ; :;, CGUsi-'-llation of immortals that bejewelled both earth and sky with an in effable illumination, and from tills holy choir there poured forth a song' of triumphant joy, a chorus of blissful oblation, a symphony of rapturous pronouncement, au oratorio of doxology Wiled with glory and good-will. tjie siiEi'iit-.Ri's at j'jii: ma:c.:i:u. Before this glorious vision the shepherd.-: lost all fear, and alarm gave place to blessing ; the hope of tlie pi our- watchers and the expectation of Israel vi'ire now ivs.!i.-«»d, and *-, tho shfti hcrds hastened mv- r!-.o town to behold and to worship tils': iiif.-uit L-n-i. Tiij(j::^h str-ii-t an-] iillvy, hi ami -k tin--^?-1. b,v '-'?'-'??- -~ ?nu r-T! r .-? i ji j-j-: i ci l tf=. ilic-y m.vJe th-.'iv ivny irit:' :\r, Ir.st a ? -.niiiinijrht piercing ti:-1 -]?:;?!??--??--» r.tti'-j ii-ijiilh i if ;'; ii-iive directed th'j:i:_ t-- t!io Sy i!Ki- f'tirsiNi-E. where they found tli-i ijtb-j lyni^.j:i t-U- straw of a manger ;ind the lloiy .Mother b'.-ndhijj above Him it) maternal lniiiistraSion. After paying their devotions 'th-' f-liophc-rd-i i'1'tm-ni.-d.' glorifying and praising (Jod for all tilings rh'p.t they heard ii;jd seen, ii-j it was to!-.! unto them.'' The cave or grotto in which the birth of oui Lord took plaeV: is still point. -il out to pilgrim-; who visit the town of Kethlohe:n. Above ic the Kmjxu-or Adrian onec erected a temple in honor of Venus and Adoni-s infc-nding the act not sci much as a. mark of respect to those heathen deities as :i sign of hid irreverence and i-idicide of the spot which tradition invented with such sacred memories and reverent regard. Bta even the hands of a king may not oppose the will of Ood or of th.-- people, and tho-so iherefore who came to mock the name of Jesus by an indulgence in obsieno ortries in the heathen temple weie overcome by their own ynxfanity, and, as a. poet happily expressed it, '?remained to pray.'' Later this sacrilegious monument was ilo ?-trGjvd and the -irotto ol tan Aativity was wnseerated into a church and the manger into an ai tar. The approach to this holy placs where ?lesus was bom is by a- descent of several steps, which admits the visitor into a consider able chamber lighted by 16 lamps pendauS ! from the roof. The cavern, or grotto, is of an ; irr-jgular shape, with a small compartment ; cut out from the larger, hi the floor of which is ; a large silver star bearing the inscription in i Latin, ' In this place Ji-rs Cmusr was born -if the Yii'cin M-MtY ' Th.- manger is nlso pointed ont and is religiously protected, as well as adorned by an enea.-scn-ent of marble, before which incense burning lamps are kept constantly aHa-me. _ , iue tirotto o: tlie Aativiry is one ol ]jui-au.|i.-- a hundred different excavations in an. I about Bethlehem, and they are no les= common in a sfroator part of Central 1'alestine. The hill sides are stony, but of a chalky limestone for mation, which is easily cut, and hence such excavations arc made to serve for both habi tations and stalls for cattle. Among the poorest classes, indeed, single excavations and again with sometimes two or three chambers are wade to serve the double purpose of homo and stable, and it was no doubt in such a one that cm- Lord was born. Ojiavteh V3.L— The Df,!--;..\tiox to Gon. On the eighth day after the birth, in accord ance with an ancient law and invariable usage among- the .Jews, the Yorw Child was pro bably carried to the Temple and there pre sented to the priests for circumcision, which was a right indicative of a dedication of infancy to the (iod of Israel. The ceremony may have been performed in a synagogue of Bethlehem, but as .lerusalcm was only six miles distant; and the Temple was regarded with great reverence, especially by those of such devout minds and pious reflections as Mary, who, legend declares, was instructed there, we are almost forced into tlie belief that sheseleeted this greater synagogue of the Lord in which the dedication should be made. At this cere mony tlie name JESUS, pronounced at tho annunciation, was i-iven to the Child, who was thus made a member of the congregation of Israel. raarkable for their dogmatic conformity to old established rites and a rigorous attention to their religious ritualism. Among these re quirements was one which forbade a mother to appear in public or to touch any sacred thing until a period of forty days after the birth of her male child ; and tliis exclusion was neces sary for a space of sixty-six days after the birth of a daughter, at the end of which re spective times the mother Avas required to re pair to some holy place— a synagogue or the Temple—to receive from a priest the rite of purification. Thus Mary was in seclusion thirty -two days after the circumcision of her babel which term she doubtless spent hi praise offerings at Bethleheru, perhaps in the house of some newly-found and sympathising friend, for it apnears from the account given by Matthew that she sojurned in that place for two months after the nativity. THE VISIT TO THE TEMPLE. At length the time for Mary's purification was at liand and wo may imagine with what joy she hailed the termination of her enforced isolation, the social ostracism, the separation from friends, the long retirement in ordained seclusion. And we may also picture the delight wliieh she now felt in a presentation of her firstborn, the thrill of expectation, th« gladsome exhilaration that fills the heart) of a young mother, and especially of _ her who was now giving nourishment to a prince ling whose life was to be the light- of a world. And at tho end of the fortieth day we can almost licar ho.r cheerful voice as she must have called to .Joseph, like a May queen on the morning of her coronation, ' Get thee ready, Joseph: haste and saddle up the ass, the precious B.m;e is even now ready and the bag of provisions is waiting by the door.' And Joseph, responsive to her bidding, perhaps no lews joyful, hnrrii-'l to the stall, which was probably a chamber m the habitation, and l'caiiing out a littlt,- nnJiy, demure, and very aneitnt-looking ass, placed Mary and the Child thereon, and with staff in hand to give him aid over the'stony way, the party set out for Jerusalem. Tlie road was rough, even though a highway of common travel, passing around the base t-£ a uonsiderable hill and leading on by many memorable places, and up the rich Valley of ]*eplia-in-, 'where giants were once supposed to dwell, with Mount Zion rising loftily on the south as if to excite reinemuniucts oi us ueatxrutiiuii uy wiu croup or Pompey ; and l-y the amphitheatre of Herod, in which revolting games and sacrifices to heathen dei ties were common as entertainments for the ]jeople only a fow years before. Ay, a memorable journey, well calculated to excite emotion in au impressionable nature such as Maiyrs. until the feeling of horror and revolt ing reflection was suddenly dissipated by a sight of tho Holy City and the dazzling splendor of the sircat Temple bursting upon her vision. MAOnnOFNi.K OV XHK TKJFPT.K, Xot only wa* a sight of the Temple a spiritual consolation and one which aroused patriotic impulses as well as religious enthu siasm ; but tlse sacred and monumental edifice \v:i.s of Bitch extravogant splendor that no eye might gaze upon it without a feeling of be wildering surpriso and admiration. There first arose before the vision of tho visitor approaching from tlie south the promontory of Ophel, which was the residence of the L9vites. At its foot was the pool of Siloam, and midway mi lf-e find:OT'l f.ifft n'3G +»io 1^Y\ii«fc t\t +\\*a Virgin. Higher nj i, and on the apex, was the Royal Porch of the Temple, white as snow under a cloud and bright as a mirror when struck by the sun. On one wide was a stone wall of extraordinary height which served as a foundation for the Temple, and which, to the beholder appeared like a link of masonry con necting the valley with the skies. The Tower of David, which served as an armory for the nation, reared its huge size as a sentry guard ing the Temple, beyond which were tho cloisters and then the outer court, the entrance to which was through an archway, over which was a stone screen nearly live feet in height. On this screen was written au order iu the Greek and 'Roman languages forbidding the entry of any Gentile. 'Inside this outer court was a large open space which bad boon converted into .a bazaar and market-place, -where bullocks, sheep, doves, and pigeons were .sold for sacrificial offerings, and where money-changers had their ofiiees for_ the exchanging o£ coins brought by worshippers living in the several provinces tributary to the Holy Land. Beyond this outer court and approaching the temple proper was ov.\ elegant mosaic pavement which led up io 'the Gato Beautiful, :' which Josephus declares was forty feet in height and so heavy that it required the combined effort) of twenty men to i-pcn or close. Tliis gate was made of Corinthian brass kept burnished so brightly that_it was like the sun, and above Herod had caused to bo fixed the Roman Eagle as a- sign of the dependency of Israel on the Roman government. For this reason the ?Tews passed through this gateway with such nibelliuus feelings as characterised the Swiss peasantry when they bowed to Gessler's hat. Besides the Gate Beautiful there were nine other entrances with doors of little less magni iieence, «-overed as they_ were with silver and gold. These gates admitted into yet another smaller court, and to a flight of steps which led to a considerably elevated platform on which was the court of the priests, and in the centre of which was the altar of burnt- olicring and ' the brazen lavcr, -while in the rear was the \ holy pla-;C, separated from the court by a rich '. tapestry embroidered in starlet, blue, and purple, and supported by golden hooks fastened in live pillars of shittimwood.veneered with gol '1. This veil was hung in front of the sanctuary -~-r holy place, behind which none bub priests were permitted to pass. A second veil of yet richer fabric and ornamenlationseparated the holy place from tho holy of holies, which w.-is j)art'..-d only once a year by the high priesb and that on the Day oi Atonement. It- was to the court of the priests that Mary brought her babe for the service of dedication oi God :m'.l her own punficatioH. This cere mony was simple, being little more than the administration of a priestly blessing, but tho parent was required to present for i?aerifieo a J.-xnib if -the applicant was wealthy, or a pair of tiu'tlo doves ii' poor. Besides this there was required to be paid the sum of iiveshekute, equivalent to about 3. 121 dollars of American Money, as a ivi.lcmpsion'fcs. I 111. J1K1.-I.A KATION AND 7-]lOI'ii NCY O|- snjKON* AND A'XA. As Mary v/a? presenting her firstborn, amid ;v crowd «jf waiters, some of whom wore present; as spectators and many others who had conio f«ii- 'Jie -a me purpose that brought h-;r, a holy and very aged man, named Sinn.on, who lia/i faithfully followed the Mosaic l:\\-v and live 3 i:i ylorions expectation of the caning of a, Redeemer, was suddenly, by inspiration, mode ' Jo rrc-Oijnise in Mary ''.?» Hibu tho '? JSli-isiah .jt -Jl.ii?.' Thi'r-':f-w, immod'a'x-V nlr.-jr ti:-.- C'i'i'i!Uiy of d*'Jic-ai:!-n :i:ri p.;'.i!:..-.'.t:';:i -,v:i-; f--mpl.:t.\ lie ai-iproacli.-cl th-! M.idonna v.-itii lwor'^itly oiitstrf:i'.!:i;i:l h.nnds and toil tit-: }5abt; in his ;m:ir, aii.l raising his eyrs to h--.-. . ^.-n P'iinod out his grauioua acknowleJ^ineiiv x.; (Jod, saying, 'Lord, iuw Icttest Thou Thy j-'urvK-nt du])ait in peace, -icuordiiig to Thy word; for mill'; eyc.-i liave «een Thy salvarloii, which Thou has prepared beforu the fate of :ill ]ieople— a light to lighten the -jontile.s anil the irlory of Thy people Israel.' The spirit of tho 1 loly Ghost being upon him ho spake then :»s a prophet, through tho understanding giv-jn by - .'«d to -Mai-y, 'Buliold, this Child in sot for i he fall and rising again of many in Israol, and for .-. .si^n that Khali bi; spokon against ; yea, a sword shall piorw through thy own soul alsu.:' This i;roph-\y w:is Miiiralarly fulfilled in the cruc-iifxion, and with th« Divinelightin Mvry's soul she may well havo ' marvelled at. th-we things which wore Kpukon of Him.' 15ut to the recognition of Simeon thcro way the re-enforcemont of a like declaration from a pro] ihetcKK named Anna, who had .spent nearly all the eighty- four years of her life in the Templo, and who h:wl given all her day3 to :i rigorous observance of the holy ordinances to the attainment of those graces which bring the soul into perfect rapport with the Deity. She had lost her husband after only s'At.-n years of marriage, when she must h:iv-- been still young ; but she gave her broken heart to the Lord, and henceforth, as TjuIco says, 'shu departed not fi-din the Temple, but served (iod with fastings and pr.iy«-rs night and day.' Heingof the tribe of Asher she no doubt came from some town in Galilee, and spent her day.-s in the Temple in such worshipful reverence that her sayings became oracular and she was i:stcemed a prophetes?. To her therefore was also given a revelation of the infant Messiah, an-.l,'like Simeon, she broke forth into thanlcs giving and spoke to the people of the Re deemer who had now come. The service of presentation in the Temple having been completed Joseph uand Mary re turned to Bethlehem, where directly after there was another manifestation attesting tlie Mefsiahship of the Babe in the visit of wise men from the East, come by Divine direction to pay their homage and to bring the first acknowledgment from the Gentile world. (To be continued.) 