BY ORDER OF RUSSIAN PERSECUTION OF THE JEWS. TAll Bights BeservecU [Commenced in the Evening News of Thursday, June 25,] PART IL CHAPTER VI. — (Continued.1) Studio lights -were burning in the win dows, the married quarters of Hymen with the torch looking more cheerful than, any other or the homes of Art. There was a faint perfume of wallflowers from an ad jacent window box ; the porter's lodge was radiant with a crackling and cheerful fixe ; and in the street was a hansom with two white lamps, which were presently dancing along the Albert- road by Primrose Hill, and away down Baker-street towards Dorset Square. ' And now, Phil,' said Dick, turning to his friend, ' pull yourself together for the news.' ' I .have been doing that for the last half hour,' said Philip. *' I have found her.' ' Great heavens, whom?' exclaimed Philip:; his heart beating wildly, in spite of nimself. ' Your ghost of Madame Lapukin. But more like Cleopatra than Lapukin, I fancy.' ' Do you mean the woman I saw at the opera?' « Who else could I mean ?'? ' How dp you know it is her ?' ' From your description and your portrait of her. A superb -woman. But not half so melancholy as you make out ; and her hair is chestnut, not red — a chestnut that will drive you crazy j great violet eyes set in a colorless face of aesthetic loveliness ; but her mouth ! well, it is the mouth of Clytemnestra I' *' It is not the same woman, Dick.' ' Yes, it is } and to-night you shall see her and talk to her, and ask her to sit to you,' «And wlio is she then ?' Philip asked, ' and why did she appear in Lady March mount's box like a vision and disappear like a dream ?' ' You can ask her yourself. I saw net this morning at the Gallery j and she is the famous EusBian Countess, Qlga Strayenftky.'' ..?''?'.-' ? ?: ' - v,7 ' 'And X thought she might have been a, Nihilistic . s^y- thd victim of some vile conspiracy/' said Phil, in a tone of keen disappointment; ' A BuBBian Countess 1 To ask her to see my sketch would be to |n^]a^b'Jj€Sr,5; ::.1» .pit for. that Buffering angfel she has inspired, an outrage. I don't wish ?*o^^;ite£w)';'; :;/: ??,' ''?'/,':'[ ' ' '? . .-' '' ; ; ' ;? '?:; ' ; ';. iioJw!as^^i||w^o^^:s^eU. k^oj^J;lsi.;^f-i-: ':j^^^^^%kiX^^'V;': ^???:---'-- \?V--.£&£y'\ .- ; as he titfiied the Iftioh %Uh his key. «* 4 told her all about you, and she shall sit fox' the medal.' CHAPTER VII.— How Chetw^nu met the Countess. Mrs. Chetwynd was as buxom as her husband was genial. She was a woman of the right sort to help a man on in life. More particularly was she just the woman for Dick. In Ms early days of journalistic struggles she had not only enabled him to keep up a good appearance in the world, but she Iiad made Ms home comfortable, if not luxurious, on £2 a week j and to-day she made his £1500 a year go as far as most men's £5000. Often in past days Mrs. Chetwynd Iiad cooked a dinner and left the kitchen to preside over it, and had played the part of both cook and hostess equally welL Nor was she lacking in artistic taste or literary culture. She was a bright, clever woman, not above a woman's duty, not ashamed of her domestic work, and happy because she had made Dick's position a certainty. ' We have always been equal to either fortune,' Dick would eay in confidential moments, when discussing the difficulties of the London battle ; ' we could have lived in a garret at any time, and get as much happiness out of it as if it had been a palace ; and that is the only way for a man and woman to fight the battle of London together.' ' We are dining in Dick's room to-siight,' said buxom Mrs. Chetwynd, 'because we have a reception, and I want the lower rooms of the house free, and, moreover, I like to give the servants every chance to keep their heads, and we do not have any assistance on these occasions, Mr. Forsyth. Dick does not believe in hired waiters and manufactured food.' She always quoted Dick as if she con sulted him on everything, which she did not. But she was always anxious to have it understood that Dick was at tbe head of affairs as much in Dorset Square as at the gallery, or at Ms editorial office in Fleet street; She -was a rosy, pleasant, frank hostesB, Mrs. Chetwynd. Hawthorne, who spoke of English women as beefy, would probably have noted in her an absence of what might be termed the dainty spirituelle side of the feminine character which is very attractive to some men ; but she was a type of that English womanhood which has given to the English character, in all ages, its energy, its muscle, its open fear Jess features, and its national dignity. She was the picture of a refined Reubens. She had the rounded limbs, but they were firm and shapely j she Iiad the blonde face,'bu± it was neither fat nor thin ; the fair hair ; but she had the mouth and eyes of an intellectual as well as a beautiful English woman j and Dick's friends noticed that she continually grew- more and snore like her huBband, the result of perfect unity of sympathy and a sincere and abiding love. ?.?'??? ' --:- - ? ? - ? . . .? ??.''. *f The moment she came into the Gallery j^.^^*??;^B^l4'?;?.ibiol^'?._ telling |4b wife and PMlip how i-e iiad met the Countess pearance ? so sad and 'yet so beautiful j . a^ J thought of the face in the sketch. She ^^^ one '^s^^jS^^',J^. .:i^fig|cl^ ip,:; |-e ,,Jb.er; il^^B }. '^0^^^ :^e;,v.i|&i;^B v }|g;.;;^ , fyfijbi \ ioptmiia and -| ecretat^, luan-ofr-aU-work ta ber ; a curious, wiry, active, though watch ful little chap, just the sort of person, one could imagine as the agent of a revolu tionary conspiracy $ a firm, thin mouth, shaggy eyebrows, a low but compact fore head, black hair with streaks of white in it, all nerves and muscles, and with two ferret-like eyes deep set in his head. And somehow it was not only the Countess's appearance that brought the woman of the opera to my mind, but Ferrari j for he seemed to me, at once, to belong to the situation, and I added him mentally to the Siberian group. Very odd all this ; but life, is odd, eh ? Dont pass that sherry, Philip, it is the purest Amontillado and it posi tively helps the soup ; ask Agnes.' Mrs. Chetwynd was Agnes, and she at once endorsed her husband's recommenda tion of the sherry. Philip allowed Ms glass to be filled, but made no reply to Dick's remark, by the way, dropped, in really for the purpose of helping Philip to take the subject of the woman of the opera as nearly like ordinary conversation as possible. ' But she is a Russian countess ?' said Philip. ' Yes, thaf s the trouble — I mean that is the difficulty about getting her to sit. Her secretary handed me a special note of introduction, from an old friend of mine connected with continental journalism, and I made a point of talking to her and to him. She made a romantic marriage, it seems, in Moscow, to the dying Count Straveneky — one of the most devoted of the Czar's nobles, whose patriotism nad been greatly tried, who had indeed suffered persecution at the hands of the Czar, and still remained faithful ; and as if to make up for the dead man, the Czar has since shown much favor to his widow, who is MOW travelling for her health.' ' And you think her beautiful ?' asked PMlip. She is your picture, and as sombre in expression, until you rouse her interest; then her eyes^ — they are of a rich, violet — light up, and her smile is simply divine.' ' And you will find the chicken not to be despised,' remarked Mrs. Chetwynd, ** if you will allow me to' suggest any thing so mundane j the Surrey chicken ought to be canonised in the cook's calendar. ' 'Yes; don't let the Countess take away your appetite; and here's to the gold medal !' Dick nodded to his guest over a glass of champagne, and Mrs. Chetwynd said, *' But you did not tell me why I am to have the honor of this paragon of beauty's presence to-night, without a formal in vitation?' # 'She informed me that she expects to leave London to-morrow or on the next day,' said Dick, ' and may not return ; which- emboldened me to say how much I regretted that you had not had the pleasure of meeting her| in order that you might have invited the honor of her company at your * at-home ' to-night, and so on. Then I told her all about Philip and his picture $ how it had been Inspired ; intimating with a poetic and mysterious touch that I be lieved you had dreamed you had. seen her at the Opera, and how you had tried to suggest such a face as hers in the very last position possible, and that you were search ing London for the face you vowed you had se^en, in order to ask the owner to sit for your picture. She eeemed more inte rested in what I said itian she cared to exhibit, I thought she winced, and that a shade -£ color Bpread -xs3x her pale, handsome face wnen I mentioned your having Been her at the opera; She turned iuad /J3poke - t«- ier secretary, who, while -she appeared to talk quite^^ treated her with the gre&ttoflt; deiexettoe, if not with slavish humility. * You interest me in your friend,' she said, in a voice that was soft and musical. ,* Since that was my object,' I said, ' I am very glad to hear you say so. You are an artist yourself, perhaps ?' * No, I love art,' she replied, ' I have lived in Italy and France.' ' Then you would not be offended if I say that if you had been going to stay in London for any length of time I would _ have petitioned you to sit to my young Mend.' ' ' You are very kind, Dick,' exclaimed Philip, ' and you have a lot more courage than I have.' ' You are not a journalist with, ten years of experience as a war correspondent,' said Mrs. Chetwynd. ^ ' I would not like to ask the Countess anytMng at which she might take offence,' said Dick. ' There is Borrow in her &je;, and spftness in her voice, but there is the devil there also. And mark me, Philip, you are right in thinking there is a remark able history behind that face.' ' How do you mean, Dick ?' Philip asked. ' I mean that it appealed to you as a , face -that had seen- a world of persecution and trouble. You have more than hinted at a woman who has suffered and will be revenged. Your artistic instinct is right, I believe.' 'But do you really think she is the woman I saw ?' - ?* I know she is.' ' How ?' t ' By your portrait, and from her anxiety to see you.' ' Her anxiety to see me !' exclaimed Philip, the blood rushing to his temples* {to be continued.) *' Vavasour v. Smythe, for breach, of promise of marriage/' a mock trial, was acted in the ProteB tatit i Hall last nighty u^er the auspices of the Jewish Education Board and the Hebrew Literary and Debating Society. Among others, the fol lowing took part in the trial : Hon. H. M. Cohen (judge) ; Mies Vena DaviB (Diana Vavasour) ; Messrs. E. £.. Cohen and E. Meyer (counsel -for plaintiff); Mr. H. M. Salinger (attorney for plaintiff) ; Mrs. A. Groldsmith (Mrs. Emma Vava sour); Mr. P. A. Benjamin (Jeremiah. Jackson) ; Mr. Philip Benjamin, Cii. de Montmorency Smythe, Messrs. P. J. Marks, B.A., andE.,G.M. Cehen (counsel for defendant); Mr. F. F. Mitchell (attorney for defendant) ; and Mr. J. A. - Goldsmid (Claud H. Bunthorne.) The proceeds of the entertainment, which was highly amusing', are to be handed over to the Jewish Education Board. ? The »-TiTiin-.l Parliament of the Irish Presby terian Church, representing about 600,000 per sons, was in session in Belfast during the first week in June. Ber. & M. Brown, D.D., .was ' unanimously, elected Moderator. ' The report on statistics showed an increase in the number of communicants and in the total income of the church; the report ou temper ance referred to the- imperative necessity for the passing of the Sunday Closing Bill, and .that on the state of religion and evangelisation deplored the spread of intemperance and Sabbath desecration in the community, and the neglect of prayer meetings in some congregations. 