THE BESUliREC TIOJSISTS. A BOEDER STOBT. Though the old border kirkyard of of L , with its legends attaching to it, may be an attractive enough spot to th.e tourist on a summer day, it was anythiug but attractive on a dark [November night in one of the early decades pf this century. Humors "were rife regaj-ding resurrectionists, and more than one burial ground in the country side had been desecrated and its graves harried. This sort of thing went so far that in many of the parishes throughout the country, nightly watch was kept, the inhabitants taking their turns for duty. On this wild ^November night it fell to the lot pf Jamie Tauison, the yillage blacksmith, and Sandy Gltndiuning, his brother in trade in thp neighbor ing village of Y , to share the vigil and protect the dead of Lr . Properly, Sandy did not belong to the parish, but as it was the last rest ing- place of his forebears, his name stood on the roll of those willing to protect it from unhallowed intrusion. It was in every respect an eprie and miserable night. A biting east wind made dreary whistling aippng the branches of the now leafeless trees, while it carried on its breath a blast pf sleet and rain. There sras no ieoou, and not a star could pierce the dense blackness overhead. These adverse Conditions did npt, however, seem greatly to affect the spirits of the two watchers, wlip were making their "way to the kirk, which stood in the centre of the kirkyard, and were quietly discussing the t°pics of interest in the parish. Jaime walked in front, carrying a lantern, whose feeble rays barely shed light sufficient to enable them to avoid the mqunds and stones, while Saudy followed as closely as possible ivith a gun under his arm. On reaching the church they entered fhe vestry, and •with some difficulty kindled a fire. After this ha<l been done they went putside, and, lighting their pipes, prqr ceeded to patrol the cemetery. Finding all right, they returned to their guardhouse, only to disepver that the fire had gone out in their absence. : They made several ineffectual attempts to resuscitate it, the peats being damp. Finally the candle fell among the ashes and was extinguished, leaving them in darkness. To spend the night in the cold find dark vestry was out of the question, so they decided to go to Jamie's siniddy and get some dry fuel to start the fire witl}. After they gofe into the smiddy, and, with the aid of ln&tch; paper and flint, relighted the lantern, they begat) to discuss business, and sundry tools and workmanship had to be examined. Under these circum stances time flew rapidly, and their stay was really much lenger than they bad intended it to be. " Man, Jamie," said Saudy, lifting ? pair of large pinchers, " there's something a'm sair in need o\ Aw think a'll hae to tak' 3 turn into Kelso for a pair the tnoru." I " Hoots, man," returned Jamie, " ve ! pan hae that pair if ye like. There's j three or four pair layin' aboot the smiddy the noo." " Thank ye," said Saudy, 'VII just tak' them, and we can settle about the payment at Kelso on Friday." " Oh, ay, that'll naebe ill to do, I'm thinkin said Jamie, as hp turned the key in the door. When they came within sight of the kirkyard #gajn gaudy suddenly caugh Jamie by the arqi, saying, Look, Jamie, is that no a light tuovin1 aboot among the headstanes?" ** 'Deed is't; and if a'rn no' mista'en they're at auld Wullie Easton's grave. Te ken he was just buried twa days syne." "Well, aw expcc' the herryin' deerils 11 be disturbed this time. Come on, Jamie." On approaching the gate thev dimly saw a dark object on the road." Mov ing cautiously forward, having first put out their light, ihej discovered it to be a horse aud cart, with a man in charge. Not wishing to attract his attention, they withdrew to some distance, and obtained an entrance by Climbing over the wall. In the dark ness they had little difficulty in gain ing the shelter of the church wall. The gun, their only weapon, was left in the vestry, apd" unfortunately the door was at the other side of the building, close to where the depreda tors were at work. " If we only benn'd hoo mony there •were o' them," whispered Sandy, "we might attack them as it is. Aw think fcw could account for yin or twa o' them wi' the pinchers." " Wheest," said Jamie, "aw can bear them speakin'." Keeping close to the wall thev moved j»s far round as they could with prudence, and were rewarded by hear ing what was being said. Well, my lads, we have done good business here, and quickly too," came from rather a refined voice. ^ " It wad be awfu' provokin* if ony o' ihae watcher lads cam* on us noo " came next in the doric. " A'm thinkin' there'll be nane o' ihae chiels oot the night. They tak' better care o' themseis," responded a third. " After getting this length with our enterprise it would not do to losp our labor- If a couple did show face now, the only difference would be that we would have thr«e corpses to dis pose of instead of one. My pistols never miss fire." The voice was that. t>f the first speaker. " iloyjy there, ma lad," eaid number two, " but there maun bo nae murder. That's mair than aw bargained for." " Tuts man," said the first speaker, " don't call things by such ugly names. Self-defence ia not murder." " Oh the deevils," muttered Fandy, " if only aw had that gun, we wad eune see h hase corpse wad be to dispose o'." " Haud yer tpngue, uian, and listen," whispered Jamie, "they're speakiu' again." " You had better signal to Bill to come and give us a lift now," said the leader of the gang. The two watchmen at this point ventured to peep round the corner, and saw ope of the party go tp the other end of the kirk, parrying the lantern carefully shaded. He flashed it twice in the direction of the gate, and in a few seconds another came upon the s.cener The coffin was pulled up, the lid quickly unscrewed, aild the inmate with some difficulty transferred to a long sack evidently niade fpr the purpose. The next move was to get it to the cart; aud while the four men were- preparing for this, the two j Hatchers, anticipating what was going j to take place, quickly and noiselessly left their place of hiding, aud were at i the gate and safely concealed between the wail and a tombstone before the party with their ghastly burden emerged from £he shadow of the church. Slowly they wended their way down the steep walk and deposited their load in the cart. Tbep there was a hurried consultation. Number one took the lead. He seemed to be the pioving spirit of the biisim-ss. " You sgy there was another buried here, just the day before this one?" " Ay," was the reply, " there was a wuman fra yin q' the fairw places roun' aboot." " It's a deuced pily to leave her, but we roust be near Berwick by daylight. What do you say, Bill ?" " I think it is time we were on the road. It is a loug journey, aud our horse lias had a good deal to do already." '■ Well," replied the leader, ''I can tell you what we can do. We can fill up that grave in a twinkling, and leave it to all appearances as we got it. That wijl keep down suspicion, and we can return to-morrow night for her ladyship. It think it would expedite matters, Bill, if you were to tie the horse to the gate aud come and give us a hand." This arrangement seemed to meet with general approbation, so the horse was secured, and the four men retraced their steps to the empty grave. As soou as they had disappeared round the corner of the church, the watchers came from their place of concealment, and began to look about. " The horse and cait's as good as lost to thae fellows," said Sandv. " The first and yiblins the last they'll hear o't will be it galloping up the road. Jump in Jamie aud a'll lowse the beast." " Ko sae fast Sandy," said Jaaiie, " the wheels are cbeeued." " Confooud it, sae tbay are," said Sandy, who now saw that each wheel was fastened wit h a stout iron chain and padlock. Ihey could not break them off without makiug a noise, I which would quickly have brought the 1 resurrectionists to the spot, aud they [ dare not lose sight of the body to go aud call help. " What's to be done noo ?" queried j Jamie. " We maun hae the body oot, at I ony rate," said Sandy. [ " Ay, a'll warrant they'll no get it ! away," returned Jamie. | It was a long cart with seats along each side. They found the body placed under one of the sats, with two horse- sheets hanging carelessly over so as to hide it. They got it out with all the i<peed tliey could, $nd carried it some little distance. i " Wull we just gang right on to the j smiddy wi' it ?" asked Jamie. j '' Deed no ; we'll just tak' it into i this field an' hide it at the dyke back. There now, that'll dae. Get it oot o' the sack aB fast as ye can," said Sandy. " What are ye ga'iu to dae wi* the sack ?" " Ga'in into it, Jamie, gie's a hand, quick, and be back." " Sandy, ye maun be daft to think o' ought o* the kind. What are ye gr'n to dae next?" " Ga'in to get a hurl hame," replied Sandy, as he got into the cart and drew the sack up over him, leaving only his arms and head free. He then managed to crawl under the seat, where the corpse had lately been, Jamie all the while urging in vain to " come ana' oot o' the road as lang as his wizen wasna slit." " Ne'er fash yer thootmb about me, man,' said Sandy, '• a'll cast up a' right again, afore a bow- o' meal; but ye might pit thae sheets owre the seat again, as they were afore, an' gie's in the pinchers; aw may as weel fak' thorn, seein* I'm gettin1 a litt ocnv way. That s it. Noo, Jamie, get yersel'oot o' the road, they'll be comm* suue." As he was speaking the light reap peared at the corner of the church, asd Jamie had no more than time to retire to a convenient distance before the ma'audsng party reached the cart. They unlocked the padlocks, peeped into the cart to see that the body was alright, and took their seats, two on each side. The one called Bill, being horseman, occupied the forward scat on the right side close to Sandy's head. They appeared to be well pleased with, their night's work, and at first their talk related to it and to the sum they would get for the body. Then they began to wander on to other topics. The leader, who seemed in great spirits, started the subject of ghosts. " Personally, I Jiaye no belief in ghosts," he remarked. " Now, if there were such things, this would just be a. night for them, and surely tjie spirit of our friend under thp seat there would have been about t.o see that its old casket was not disturbed." " It's inaybe on our track the poo," said one of his companions. " Did ye no' hear that awfu1 soughing- among the trees ?" "Lod's sakes, wull ye wheesht?" cried the third man. " Ye ken it's no' canny speak iu' that gate, especially on a dark night like this, and in presence o' a, eorjKvg, too. llow far are we fra Y ?" About a mile," answered Bill. " JS" off," continued the captain of the resurrectionists, taking no notice of these interruptions, " X consider the theory of the transmigration of souls is much nearer the mark than the absurd superstition of ghostly visita tions." " The what did ye ca' it ?" queried one of the rustics. " I wish tp goodness you would change the subject, Wilson," said Bill. All right. Bill, but first let me explain to my friend Lwe. There are certain people who contend that after we have shuffled off this mortal coil our spirits enter into one or other of the lower animals. Do you follow ipe?" " Perfectly; but it's awfu' queer." " Do shut up, Wilson, and let us get quietly through J . JSep, we are just at it." "Certainly, Bill, I'm almost finished. Aow in all probability our friend under the se#t is, in spirit, roaming the virgin forests of Africa, monarch of all he surveys. His soul may hare transmigrated into the body of a Jion, ihe king pf the iorest." " Wheest, did ye no think ye heard the corpse stirriu' ?" "■ Stow away that d d nonsense, will you ?" growled Bill, moving uneasily, bvit not condescending to glance downwards. - " Th is may be a case of bodily trans? formation instead of spiritual trans migration," continued Wilson. "Some, 1 believe, support that theory. Now j if the corpsc is showing any signs of j vitality, it may at present bo under- ! going the process of transformation." I " Will you infernal idiots shut up ?" j cried Bill, thoroughly exasperated, ! " Certainly, " returned Wilson " anything > oblige. Now that X have made this matter plain to the enquiring mind of my friend here, I aui silent for the rest of the journey." rJhe silence, however, was not of loug duration. All of a sudden a mo*t unearthly yell issued from under the scat, and was followed by. another from Bill, in which terror and ?)ain i were mingled. Three of the occupauts of the cart vied with each other in the agile way in which they leapt from their seats and fled into the darkness. The [ fourth was riveted to his place, partly ) by fear, but principally by a stout I pair of iron pincers grasping the calf of his leg. They were at Y at this time, and his agonised cries soon brought the awakened villagers upon the scene. Sandy explained the matter, and Bill was secured. Ulti mately he turned King's evidence, and the other three had to reckon with the powers that were for their November nigbt's adventure. —J.S., iii the Weelcly Scotsman. 