The Literary and Debating Society. The ordinary weekly meeting of the L. ad D. Society took place as usual on Tuesday night, when after the transaction of the preliminary hIsiness, which included the nomination and reception of now member's a capital paper on "Ghosts, their Origin Growth and Decline" was read by Secretary in the unavoidable ashence of the author the Rev. E. G. Higgin. The Essayist opened the interesting paper by an extended refer ance to the gradual banishment of supersti. tion under the enliightening influence of knowledge, which was driving theseshadowy phantoms of every kind into certain and complete oblivion ; and of all superstitions the oldest and the most general was the belief that the departed dead re-appear in the form commonly known as that of a ghost. Psychological research was reveal ing a more correct knowledge of the physical lawe, and had done much to disprove this idea; and it was remarkable that old as the super stition was, there was no evidence as to proof but everything went to show that the sup position was but the creation of the imagi. nation due to ignornre and fear. It was well known that intense fornm of emotional excitement often gave rise to fancied percep. tions and in view of the mystery of death it was but natural the anrients should have con. jured up ghont.f It was ofeen, howeer, thLe' el'cot o ental -drvangement onder whiCh 5?L? bye would record wrongly-as in the -ase of those suffering Dolirium Tremens, etc. The paper went on to deprecate the pernicioou pretire of inculcating stories of ghosts in the minds of impressaionablechildren and concluded with the expression of the conviction that the belief was dying out and that St was utterly incapable ofresurrection. The subject was then thrown open for criticism to the meeting, nn.o observations more or less revemlnt were mtade upon it. Mr. Taylor expressed his disbelief in ghosts so far as his personal experience was concerned but saw no reason to altogether repudiate the testimentary evidence horne by others which in some cases seemned to well aithen. ticated to be disbelieved. 1He concurred with the Essayist in his denunciation of the habit of filling the minds of young childern with ridiculous ghost eturihe, which were known to have been prooductive of harm. Mr. Brown followed in much the strain of the previous speaker and generally en. domred the view of the essay. Mr. Terry pointed out tlhat though the Es sayist had dealt so effectively with the snbject from a theoretical standpoint, nothing had been adduced to disprove the evidence of a man like Swedenborg, who loal made some thing coherent out of his professed visions of the higher intelligrnrce. lIo too did not share -the belief in hobgooldins, but he sub mitted there was no evidence to controvert the assertion that spiritual intelligences had been pereeptable to people in different ages under certain psyeoinogeal conlitiona. 