CHAPTER XXXIV. Josiis's ADVENTURE. Captain Sir Redmond Carew stands upon the steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he go in and face poor Bass, waiting and hungering for a sight of her husband? How Bhall he break the terrible newB to her? It is the hardest trial of all the brave soldier's life, but he knows it must be done. He rings the bell with a dull ache at his heart. The door opens instantly, and behind the servant who admits him he sees Bess her self, her wan little face all aglow with ex peotant joy. She rushes forward and oatohes his hand. " Oh, Bsdmond, where is my husband 7— and where is my ohild?" He takes her hand and leads her back into the drawing-room. " Sit down, Bess," he says, tenderly, " and when yon are calm I have something to tell you." A sudden terror le&pB; into her eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. "What is it?" she falters. "What has happened ? Who is dead ? My child ?" Sir Redmond sits beside her and takes both her hands in his. " Look at me, Bess," he says, " and see what a brave, strong little woman yon can be. No one is dead. Your child is alive and so is Lord St. Aubyn." She draws a long breath of relief and looks up at him with tho old smile returning to her ecft eyes. "Tbank Heaven," she murmurs. "If they are both alive nothing very dreadful can have happened. What is it, Bedmond ? Is Lord St. Aubyn absent from England? He must be, or he would have come to me. You have cent for him, of course, and he will soon be here? Tell me all about it please." Tbe captain looks at her in infinite "pity. How can he tell her? He starts to his feet, and thoughtfully paces up and down the room. Bess watches him with a nameless fear creeping to her face. She rises and follows him, and elides her little hand into his. "Beduiond, dear friend," she whispers, | something terrible has happened; I see it in your face. Tell me ; anything is better than this suspense." Ha wheels round and faces her. "Bess," he replies suddenly, "Lord St. Aubyn is married again." Sue iooks at him in a dull, uncompre hending way. "Married!" she repeats. "Why, Bed mond, what can you mean?" _ *" He thought you were dead, Bess," con tinues the captaiD, desperately, "and hehaB married Lady Cassandra Lauder." '' Married 1 My baby's father married 1" Iler whitening lips frame the words, but give forth no sound. Tho color drifts j slowly from brow and cheek, and she drops like a blighted lily at the soldier's feet. He stoops and raises her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. There she is," he says, as he lays Bsss on the sofa. " I have told her and it has killed her. That villain shall answer for her murder. I'll go and find him now." He is striding from the room with a de termined face, bat Mb old friend follows him. " Stop, Bedmond Carew," she says; " re main where you are. If Lord St. Aubyn ; chooses to marry a new wife every week, you ar9 not called upon to interfere. The law will look to him. Stay where you are, I and help the poor girl; she is merely in a ■ faint." He returns in sullen silence, and they set about reviving poor Bess. The task is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until after a surgeon has been called in that they succeed in re storing any signs of animation. At last the hectic red flatters back to her thin cheeks, and her eyeB open with a frightened stare. "Married! My baby's father married f" she repeats in a gasping whisper. Mrs. Markham bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently: "There, poor dear, you mustn't take it so to heart. He believed you were dead, you know." " Yes, but how could they forget m6 so soon ?" These words quiver from her white lips in gasping sobs and she is convulsed with bitter weeping. Sir Bedmond Carew looks on in fieroe indignation. " Don't ory so, Bass," he says at last; ' that man is not worth it. Yon should be glad to be rid of him, the villain !" Be-s looks up with wet, startled eyes. "No, Bedmond," she interposes, hurriedly, ' I will not hear you condemn him. Lord St. Aubyn is not to blame. How should he know that I would comeback from the dead ? He hud a right to marry Lady Cassandra. You know, Bsdmond, they loved each other loni before tbe marquis met me." Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. " Rut, my poor dear," she says, "Lord St. Aubyn will have to take you back, of oourse, wbea he learns that you are alive." Rut Bess shakes her head sadly. " I shall never come between them again," she says. "But I must have my ohild." "You shall have him, Bess, I promise you." "But did Lord St. Aubyn say bo? Did you see him, Bedmond ? You have not told me yet. Does he know thatl still live?" " Yes, he knows it, Bess." "Redmond," she asks, in a low voice, what did he say ? Did he seem glad or sorry ?" 6 The captain shuts his teeth hard- his agony through all this trying Boene is greater than anything the forsaken wife feels. , " ■* tl»nk he was glad, Bess," he answers truthfully, "when I first told him. He looked glad, I thought. But it places him m a bad position, you see. I—I think he will leave England." Her lips quiver again, but she dashes the tears from her eyes, "Yea< of course, he will leave England, and take Cassie with him. I can expect nothing else—though he did love me, Red mond. Ha used to pet me so, and call me 'little mother.' I wish I could see him and tell Mm how I feel. I don't blame him, and I hope he will he very happy- be and Luly Cassandra. f shall neve? lift my finger so do them barm: bat I mast have my child." " Yes, you shall have your child, Bess." On this same February afternoon the late train which entered the small town nearest to Aberdadno Lodge put down a solitary passenger—a little maiden, closely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a small valise in her hand. She stands an instant on the wet comfort less platform, looking with keen bright eyes; then, gathering her wind-toBsed cloak more closely, she makeB her way into the heart of the dreary little town. A public-house with the image of the brazen lion on its swaying sign attracts her notice, and she walks triBkly up the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. " Well, missie," says the landlord, strug gling briskly to his dumpy legs, " what can I do for you ?" " 1 wish to know in what direction I can find Aberdndno Lodge," replies the little maid, speaking in broken English. " Aberdadno Lodge 1" be repeats, emerg ing from behind his bar. " Well, my pretty miss, if you'll just step out I'll show you the old place. You can see it plainly enough. And a regular old ghost nest it is." He makes his way to the door and Josie— for it is she—follows him. "That's the place, my dear," he says, pointing one Btnbby finger towards a hnge black pile on the summit of a sea-washed cliff. Josie looks at the grim old structure with bright and fearless eyes. " Now, can yon get me a carriage .o drive up there?" she asks presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in a prolonged whistle. " Why, what does it mean ?"hesays—" so many pretty-faced women-folks going up there. What does it mean?—that's what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another Ibeb was here after a con veyance np to Aberdudno. I sent her np and that was the last of it; she did not oome back. Maybe Bluebeard lives up there in them black turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, I can't think of each a thing as sending yon to that old ghost-trap at this honr; yon can stay here at the Golden Lion to-night if yon like, and I may manage it in the morning." He puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. She draws baok with dashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentleman who haB jast come up the stepe, "Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?" demands the new-comer, before Jofia recovers her breath sufficiently to speak. The dumpy landlord turns round in evident consternation, " Ab, it's you, Sir Arthur, is it 1" he cries, in an apologetic voice. "Had no thought of seeing you baok so soon. Glad to see yon, though, Sir Arthur. There's a good fire in the parlor. Come id, Eir, please." Mr. Dobb3 ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely to Sir Arthur, as he has been called; but Sir Arthur bimeelf looks towards her with admiring glances. " 1 beg your pardon," he ventures to say, after some hesitation ; " but if I can be of any service to you, it will givo me pleasure." Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp look, and she sees at a glance that the man before her is a gentleman. She makeB a | quaint curtesy, that strikes the young baronet ; as being graoe itself. " I thank you, monsieur," she replies. " I stopped here to make inquiries about Aber dudno Lodge. L would be glad if I could get a carriage to take me to the place. That's it, I believe, on the cliff there ?" The landlord makes an attempt to .speak, but she silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes answer: "That is Aberdudno Lodge, and a dreary old place it is. Surely you have no thought of going there to-night ?" Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into the misty gloom. " I did think of it." she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. "My dear young lady," says the gentle man, earnestly, " let me persuade you to give over such a purpose. You have no idea what a steep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge is when you arrive there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into ruins, and is quite deserted. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, datiog back to the days of the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn'B neglect." "It is quite deserted, you say!" repeats JoBie. " Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghost3, so the country folk about here have it." "Not for such a long time, though, Sir Arthur," puts in the landlord. "An old man lived there until—let's see—Monday— yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and she took him away." 44 Indeed 1" responds Sir Arthur. " I was not aware the old place had been inhabited for years." 41 Yes, Sir Arthur," continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, " the old man has lived here for years—one of Lord St. Aubyn'e servants, 1 think. The old chap never let on what be was—mum as a mouse; He came down once in a while for wine; but the lady came, and I sent her up there ana she didn't come baok. She sent word by the lad as she meant to stay all night, and take the old man away with her next morning. He being her father, I suppose she did, Sir Arthur, as we've not clapped eyes on the old 'un eince." " And you have never heard of any other persons being seen at the lodge ?" asks JoBie, her eyes full of feverish interest. 44 Never a soul, miss," he replies, cheerfully "only when Lord St. Aubyn came once with his sick wife, and that was years ago." JoBie gathers up her cloak, and looks dubiously out into the gloomy afternoon; 44 If you have a great desire to see the old plaoe," puts in Sir Arthur, politely, 44 and would like to go up to-morrow, my dogcart is here, and my man is at your service." 4: Thank you, sir," replies Josie, after a moment's thought, 44 bat since I find the place deserted, I may change my mind. I will not put you to further trouble. Good day." She trips away, and the two men look i after her with admiring eyes. "She don't belong to these part," remarks the landlord. Sir Arthur says nothing, but his face be trays his curiosity and interest. He stands irresolute an instant, and then strideB down the steps. 44 You are not going, Sir Arthur?" ques tions Dobbs. 44 Yes," responds the baronet. "I'll be back in an hour. Keep my dinner hot." He walks rsnidly away, in the same direc tion in which Josie has just disappeared—a circumstance which elicits a shrewd wink and shrug of the shoulders from the landlord, as he makes his way back to the inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues hia walk, and in a very few minutes comes in sight of Josie. She is in the main street which runs through the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdudno Lodge. She walks on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur follows, keeping her in sight. 44 Now, I should like to know," he thinks, 44 who she is, and what she wants at such a place as Aberdudno 1" He slackens his pane, for Josie has paused in her brisk walk and stands irresolute, with her eyes fixed upon the old lodge. For the space of a moment she lingers, then strikes boldly out into the sandy cliff road winding upwards to the lodge on the summit of the cliff.—(To be continued.) £44 