» ' " VU JBI ' " .. — - story teller. fglflDSE OF MMM0B," — i Story of the "Black Country1' of South Staffordshire. By JEAXIE G WYNNE BETTANY, inihorof " Aunt Saracen's Two Legacies," etc. pit AFTER LX. — Kxziah Speaks. « Mamma," eaul Lucy Beredith, looking up ragom0 work she was doing, "I can't be !X h umy, for Rupert looks so sad. I thought ffL8t we should be happy to- day, when to- iTnrrow we are to be married." _ _ t< Xou cannot expect him to look happy, my iaar until it is all over. It is afterwards you Whope to make him happy, and then you «H6fc not expect everything to happen in a 2U o foj wouldn't so much mind, if I could feel Lm) it would come right afterwards." <« Nobody an know the future," Mia. eolith replied ; 14 it is well they can't You'll be all right, so long as you do not demand too Each of a man who has had his experience. He ku'tbelp growing to love you, Lucy. lam fere he was beginning to lovu yon before he Ww Keziah. If you are always kind and tootle, and willing to let him be gloomy and pleat and never look gloomy and silent your self because cf it, I will answer for it. it will be ksfeappva marriage as anyone couldderire." &od; the good lady thought in her own mind, bjidit may be forgiven her, that Lucy was, after all, so much more lovable and more suit- fcble to bo Dr. El worthy's wife than Keziah. PXou see. my dear,'' she went on, 44 you will to right away irom England, and he seeing pew things. There will be nothing to remind him of England and trouble; and enjoying jhings h-gofuer is sure to prove a great tie." Lucv smiled, though not very happily. I'ButVhat if." she said, with hesitation, "it gfcouid all pro ve wrong afterwards r What can Fe do then , Mrs. Beredith held up her white fat hands Jeprecatinglr. "Those are only morbid fancies, " the said, "foolish, morbid fancies. VTben I married your father, I wondered Whether we should get on, and all that sort of filing, end what could happen if we did not. Bat we get on all right, and were the beet of friends, though it wasn't exactly a love match.' And her eveii is trembled a little, and her ample hos9m hravc-d. "But. you see, papa had never loved any body but you." "But 1 had loved some one else," replied her" mother ; and seeing Lucy's astonished look, she gathered her apron up, with her work in it, tod air iptiy changed the subject. 44 We'll see jf Eliza Las linisbed those things, so that we Cto factoa up that box, at any rate. You had letter come up and have them tried on ; or else pa m iy h.ni some difficulty when you get 8WHT. You won't tiad your tiuttons come off: I'tc kwii them cn. But if anything should pome undone, don't forget that the little sandal wood box iu the corner of the tin trunk has got feven thing for mending in it. When I went Sway wiiu your poor papa to Scotland, I never lotto tin- bottom of one of my boxes; and jartcf a douticc came off a puce dress I had, (jaite :.i tavourite of your poor papa's ; and we couldn't rot any si'-t to matcn it, to mend it kith, ar.u I vv;is so vexed that none had been icto my box. And when I came back and the boxes were unpacked, there was plenty of that silk at the bottom of one; so my advice p you is. unpack your boxes when yon get Iwiy, and see what you've got. But you woa't have much trouble, because the odds and fads are not spread about as mine were, and all the Eitndmg things are together in the sandal Per; aiii other little boxes have each a label |m ikin, so you can know what's in by look ing outside. When I went away I was always finvrappmg or undoing the wrong thing, and T0u sbaVt have any of that trouble. But come now, leave what you are doing, and we'll «eif the- bodices fit. Bear, dear," she said, in lmg upstairs, I hope Miss Richards won't j Ion; before sending those dresses ; you'll tore to go without them if she's much longer ; w I'm quite determined no box shall be left to to close d to-morrow morning. None of my tore? wore closed the night before, when I feat away, and everybody was in such a dread- Surry on ti.e morning that they didn't get tolffialtuji up: and when we got to Carlisle, jtoy jap threw my boxes out of the van on to fto phtt irm— those porters are so careless — and pastry quite open when I came up to it, mid so full that your poor papa and two P<ters had to sit on it to get it to shut again, 1 ffoa al. ;ho> people laughed; and then it J puldu t lo ok, because the lock was broken ; yoar poor papa had to give five shillings to porter to get some cord of his own and do it RP- Oh, the way your poor papa threw about ! Rupert won't do tnat, I guess." were now standing in Lucy's room, ftich was iu a pretty disorder. Not a chair, ®®ta tab!-, but held its treasure of beautiful UJnoMits made for this important event. There toT more tTjan could have been necessary ; child has never too many dresses for its former Suw ®nougft dresses on her knees in kurit nf SFK' topping 11 tita : «cnt of one of the open boxes ; itmurT »« I think IriSd $ SSJe\thaou hou3d of SyitaSFSfigfe.. mixed jf?k n notice that Lucy did not replv (W wa8 but natural «JS£iwJr?re.n®xt fitted> ®nd proving ®otory, took their place in one of the fe coining upstairs ?" said Lucv, «frr 6 w&s; Ptt'ting on her dress again. « cI.t?U» my dear?" rephed Mis. "Bat how scared you look! You -TL708®11 get so nervous." -J Beredith might have admonished her- SSLlSi 0 Jeeta momentlater, for she a ery. In the doorway stood KmmJVi with a face so white, eyes so un naturally dark, and a manner so agitated, that uiyone might have been forgiven for being frightened at sight of her. Lucy trembled like an aspen. Keziah stared at them both like an animal at hay ; then at all we preparations. Her wild eyes took in every - mg With a sudden movement she placed herself before Lucy, and was clutching her at arm's length. "Lucy," she said, "you cannot do it. You must not do it. You dare not do it!" Lucy had such a terrified look in her face that her mother interposed. " Keziah," 8he said, 44 it is not kind, it is not generous of you to come like thia." . "t is, it ib," cried Keziah, looking wildly into Lucy's face, and not at all atMrs. Bere dith. "I know what it is, Lucy. You have no right to do it." " Keziah," said Mrs. Beredith, pitilessly, " I must beg you to leave my child." "Oh, no, no, no," cried Keziah, "I will never let her go, I will never leave her, till she has promised never to commit this sin against me. Lucy, he is not yours, he is mine, mine," she cried, flinging up her arms, " you know he is mine. God knows he is mine.'' Lucy opened her pale lips, and a voice spoke from between them, that neither of the others would have recognised. It was at Keziah she was lookicg, but to her mother she spoke. " She is quite right," she said. 44 I thought it could never come to pass.'' And then her form swayed, and she.wouid have fallen on the floor, bat for Keziah j she was quite senseless in her arms. "Lay her down," shrieked Mrs. Beredith, " you have no right to touch her. It was an evil day you ever came to this house, "K«wa»h Hack bit. ' And she fell to rJmfing her daughter's hands, unloosing her things, and performing all the other offices usual on such occasions. Lucy's eyes opened, and they fell on a white satin dress that hung on a sheet-covered nbnir. Her brow was contracted painfully, and sb« said with great effort, " Take them all out of my sight, mamma. Never let me see one of them again, as you love me." Mrs. Beredith groaned, and looking fixedly at Keziah, who was holding to a bed- post, she began to rain abuse upon her. "Look what 3 you have done, and perhaps your cruel heart will be satisfied. Oh, I would not be you for all the world, to have made so many people miserable as you have. Wherever you have been you have brought sorrow, and all of your own choosing and willing. If were you. Keziah, I would go to the uttermost parts of the earth and hide myself. You are a very heartless, wicked girl." Keriah's great eyes stared at Mrs. Beredith, like those of a child who is beaten, it knows not what for. Her face was rigid, and one little hand was so tightly shut by her aide that the mark of every naO was left in the pink palm. She loosed her hold of the bedstead, and moved her hands desolately helplessly bpfore her. "What can I say? What can I do?" said poor Keziah. " Nobody will believe any good of me, I know. Perhaps," she added, bursting into a passionate flood of tears, "if I had had a home like Lucy's, & a different bringing up altogether, I shouldn't have done all 1 have. But it's no matter. Oh," she cried, in a heartbroken tone, "if I had never wanted to do what was right at all, I might have been happier. Everything always gone contrary with me ; I will give up trying. Oh, I hope no one will ever like me at all any more ; then I shan't make them miser able. Oh, God," she exclaimed with a sudden energy, "I wish I had never been born; it wasn't worth while." Anyone who could have seen her at that moment would have pitied her — except Mrs. Beredith ; and how could she be expected to do so, with her own chOd lying desolate upon her breast, undone by Keziah? " You were always so headstrong." cried Mrs. Beredith, roughly. "You would never be advised." "Who ever tried? You don't know, you don't know, Mrs. Beredith, what it is to be ob liged, whether you like it or not, to judge and act for yourself when you are ever, ever so young, and, to have no one care what you do because they like you; it makes you head strong." " I am sure you had a chance when you came here," said Mrs. Beredith, unbendingly. «T lmnw if" rAnliftd tinmVilv \- — - ' "i — t j "But I couldn't change my nature all in a minute. Ah," she said, a bitter smile passing over a white face, "those things tnat are hammered in hard stick fast, and if you pull them ont the mark is left. I don't know," she continued, " why I was made with so many corners, and with so much wish not to have any. It doesn't go together, not at all." " You could always talk," rejoined Mrs. Beredi+h, " and wisely enough, no doubt. But all your acts have been foolish, all of than." " It is quite true," said Keziah, with an evideot over- willingness to own herself in the WTODg. " I have come here now to try and undo some of it." " A nice way to undo it," retorted Mrs. hotly. " You come to seek for your- self, to my child desolate — she who loved hi«n all along, better, much better, than you did. How did she treat you P You ere proud. You have often said so. You don't tbnw y>a <.;"» br<4» out Keziah- hbtfy, hi her turn, ( thai thai is what I have oome ?®rA you think I would have come at all, had I behoved he would have been happy with her, or she with him P" . have loved her if he had married foil f w i Bere(itk» caressing the white v® v1? >y upon her bosom ; " uhen he was bound to her, and it was his duty to thin of no other." 41 Oh, Mrs. Beredith," cried Keziah, with a lacethat spoke of experience, "duty and possibility aie so far apart sometimes. Love aoes not come after marriage that has not been there before." n " Txu £nw, nothing about it," said Mrs. Beredith, 41 nothing at all." " Perhaps I know more than, most,' rejoined Keziah, « about that." ' I suppose Dr. Elworthy knows nothing, then, replied Mrs. Beredith, indignantly. "He was neither blind nor mad when he proposed to my daughter." " Yes," auBwered Keziah, in a soft voice, and very sadly, " he was both blind and mad. 1 have trodden this dark path. I could not let mm tread it too. He is mv husband before » no one has a right to take him from me. Lucy, she said, suddenly, kneeling down by her side, " can you forgive me ?" "Oh, don't," said Mrs. Beredith, as if she could not bear to hear it. 44 Let me kiss you before I go ; I may never see you again," begged Keziah, in an enticing tone, so fulljof pathos, few1 could have resisted it. You will kiss me ?" she repeated. The girl turned her face nearer to her mother, away from Keziah, and moaned : 41 Some day, perhaps ; I cannot now." Keziah looked once more at the mother. It was of no use to ask any mark of reconcilia tion from her, so she left the room and gently cloBed the door behind her. „ CHAPTER LXL—Rest at Last. About 7 o'clock the same evening Mrs, Beredith' a front-door bell rang, ana Dr. Elworthy was announced. Mrs. Beredith sent down a message that she was unable to see him. This he interpreted in- asense far from the true one. It was, after all, net to be wondered at, on the evening before she was to lose her daughter. But he wrote upon a card, 44 1 most earnestly beg that you will see me." He expected that on receipt of this she would forthwith make her appearance, flurried, per haps, and peevish, from being forced against her will. But it was some little time before she came. Her eyes were red and swollen. Elworthy at once noted this, and attributed it to the prospective Iobs of her child. She just looked once at the doctor, and saw that something was wrong with him loo. She, who had seen him through his worst times of trouble, could not recollect a single occasion when he had looked so ill and wretched as he did now. She almost softened towards him for a moment. " How ill you look !" she said. " Mrs. Beredith," he began, advancing to wards her with his chin upon his breast, 44 1 am come to prove myself a villain. But you must forgive me, for you will be the gainer." He instantly perceived she did not 'under stand him. He would have to speak more plainly. . 44 £ who ought to be happy, am perhaps of all men most miserable. In the eleventh hour I oome, as I have said, like a villian, to beg for my release." Mrs. Beredith had one shock, but she bad not expected this to follow it. 44 So yon have seen her !" was her reply, in a biting tone. 44 Seen her !" cried Elworthy, throwing bad: the hair from his brow with a desperate im patience. 44 No, I have not. I may never see her again. But I cannot so wrong your daughter as to bind her to me, when with my whole being I love another woman to dis traction." 44 You might at least have found all this out before," exclaimed Mrs. Beredith, shaking from head to foot. "I deserve all you can say to me," he answered. 44 But, believe me, I have tried to do it. I have tried not to break faith, but it was not in human nature. You have seen my anguish and my temptation, my hopeless misery for love of that woman, which is as strong to- day as ever it was. Can you not pity me, a very little perhaps, but still pity me ? And perhaps make Lucy know some time how I thanked her in my heart for her goodwill towards me, and respected her, and would die at this moment could I undo the sorrow I have caused to her and to others ?"- Mrs. Beredith turned her head, and oast down her eyes, while she moved one foot up and down the carpet. 44 She will not talk about dying," rejoined Mrs. Meredith at last ; 44 she will do it. Oh, why could you not have let us alone when we were happy, when the poor child had taught herself not to think of you? It was very, very cruel of you. She has not deserved it qf you.' 4 4 No, she has not deserved it," said Elworthy, compassionately. 44 1 have called myself a villain. If yon knew a worse epithet, I would use it now. Mrs. Beredith, hear me, try and hear me. God is my witness that I have tried to fulfil my word to Lucy. That is why I appear in so much worse a light in <v\ming at the eleventh hour to break faith with her." At the words 44 break faith with her," Mrs. Beredith froze again. 44 You might have spared yourself toe trouble, Dr. Elworthy," she said ; 41 Lucy would not have maxried you. There is & letter ou its way to your house now to tell you so." And then she made half a movement, as if to end the interview. He looked at her with an accumulated amazement in his face, as if this thing were quite beyond his comprehension. 44 Lucy is ill," went on the lady. 41 1 must beg that you will leave me, that 1 may go to her." Hte heart smote him at these words. 44 She has seen my trouble," he thought, 44 and has released me voluntarily." 44 How shalll speak?" he said. 44 How shall I express my gratitude to her for her noble act in releasing me of her own accord ? Next to her, who is indeed a part of my very being, Lucy Beredith ranks among women. Some day, along time hence, perhaps, I may be able to tell her so." 44 Do not mistake toe situation, Dr. Elworthy," said the mother, with a terrible effort evident in her manner. 44 It is this other woman who has done it, fluid not my poor It is Keziah Hackbit who has been here.' His heart at these words heat so violently he could hear it. He thought Mrs. Beredith must hear it too. He cried In a frenzied tone, hysterical laughter breaking from him with these words, She has been here! She! O my love, my love !" He quite forgot he was standing in the presence of the mother of the other girl who loved him, and whom he was forsaking. His cheeks, that had grown so sunken and pale, were flushed with excitement, Wild "I jiw" 1 'Wjjlll I laughter again and aup hroks from hhn, and then toe tears, hot and Urge, rapidly chased each other down his ohseks, and he repeated again andagain : 44 She came hero ! She did it 1 Oh my brave girl, ray own Keziah !T - . \ All tola was more than Mrs. Beredith could bear. She fled from toe room, and he did not seem to notice that he was alone. When he did perceive it, however, it was toe work oz a moment to take his hat, which he had put down on the table, and to mush from ; the place in an ecstaey of uncontrollable joy. He understood what such an act meant. Keziah had come, aud prevented him marrying another. He sped along the streets by instinct rather than anything else, till he reached his own house. He entered the surgery, where Gerald Harwyn was making an entry in a hook. Elworthy in two strides crossed toe surgery to where Gerald Harwyn was standing at the desk, and seizing his hands, toe one with the pen as well as the other, knocked over the without noticing it in the least, and shook Gerald's hands until his coat sleeves were per forming the office of blotting paper in the pool upon the book. 44 Gerald, my boy, congratulate me ! Hie 4 happy ever after' time of the story has come. A deuced long time it's been ooming." 44 1 congratulate you," said Gerald, in T>i« own mind fearing his poor friend had ost his wits. But tell me what for." 44 Can you ask ? You, a man ofvour intel ligence, can ask such a thing ? There Is but one 4 happy ever after' to my story." 44 Well, well," said Gould, not understand ing. 44 If yon'U stop mopping up that ink with my coat sleeves, and sit down and tell me all about it, I shall be better able to judge how muck right you have to congratulations." 44 tie's been to her !" said Elworthy, laughing boBerously. 44 She's — — been to her," repeated Gerald, checking toe words off on his fingers. 44 Who has been to whom ? TTang itj man t>e a little more explicit." 44 Keziah, of course," replied Elworthy. 44 She's been to Lucy and put it all right. I couldn't stand it any longer; so, after I had seen toe last patient, I went round there to beg Lucy to free me. You know Xshould havs sinned .against her if I had married her." " Hang it if I can understand what you have to rejoice so much about!" said Gerald, hotly. " It's verv heartless of yon, and very selfish, to be thinking so much of yourself, when you have made that sweet gitl so miserable. It was a dastardly trick of you." 44 1 was mad when I did it, you know I was, Gerald ; but I pray Lucy may forgive me." 44 Some kinds of madness ought to be punish able, I think, said Gerald, applylhg blotting paper to his sleeves and the page of the book. 44 1 think I have been punished for every jtind of punishable madness, then," returned Elworthy. Gerald went on grimly mopping up the ink. 44 Why didn't you do as I told you, and tell her at once, and not let her go on till the very day before toe wedding, and then break off with her. It is a sneaking trick." 44 1 know it is. Go ahead, old. man. Pitch into me as much as you like. Nothing could make me miserable, now I know she loves me enough to have done that." 41 Has she been there to-day? inquired Gerald. . "Yes, to-day. I wonder if she has left Leamington," he added, consulting his watch. . . 44 Of .course they have." 44 Well, there's another train yet. The train I am going by. They may not have gone." " why, there's a horse coming round, " said Gerald. 44 Why, it's yours, and a boy bringing Xtr 44 Oh," exclaimed Elworthy, with a burst of joyous laughter, "I left it fastened to the Berediths' pailings." 44 1 wish to goodness yon hadn't knocked this ink over. I don't know for my life now whether it's June or July or August these cases are do .vn for." 44 They'll let you know when toe time comes,' said Elworthy. 44 Anyhow, I'm off." And he took his hat again, and went to the railway station. The train for Manchester was waiting, but not ready to start. He ran the length of the train. Snugly ensconced in a first-class carriage, sat Keziah, and by her side was her uncle David, comforting her. Elworthy did not speak to her. He rushed and got his ticket, then quietly stepped into the carriage as the train was moving off ; and fa.irfng her little hands in his, moke not one word ; bat they looked into each other's eyes, and were at -rest. \- Poor David, who was always being startled in one way or another, stared out of toe window and blew his nose, with astonishing persistency considering he had not a cold. CHAPTER LXI1. — Wide as the Poles Asuxdeb. . As Keziah particularly wished that her happy wedding should take place from toe same house which had witnessed her ill- fated union to Hack- bit, and as Mr. Bimmtm eagerly weioomed any plan which allowed of his showing Mb newly- acquired furniture to a festive party, Dr. Elworthy was persuaded to appear at Jumley in the character of a bridegroom. But we should not dwell upon any incidents connected wito this wedding, were it not that Madeline had been specially pressed to come with Mrs. Salt ring from Langton, and had yielded after much solicitation, bong qnite ignorant that Rimpler resided at Mr. Rimmon's. Even Rimplers do not know everything that concerns them; and Silas happened never to hear Miss Orme's name as one of the invited guests, and failed to learn that she had actually arrived, for he had taken up his quarters temporarily at the hotel. He undertook as large a portion as possible of the outride arrange ments for the wedding, and had even refused to rit down at the wedding-breakfast that he might see that everything was sent in in due order, and that there should be no delay with the carriages. He had, however, dropped in after Keziah went upstairs, when the carriage was standing at the aoor ; and had drunk to Keziah in her absence. It was at this point that Madeline and Mrs. Saltring suddenly went out of the room. No one thought anything of this ; at a wedding breakfast somebody not unfrequently goes ont, at some stage or other, overcome; and the general attention was drawn away from Madeline and Mrs. Saltring's exit by toe extraordinary expression of countenance Miss Dorcas put on at the entrance of Mr. Rimpler. There was no mis taking the look ; it was one of mingled hatred, malice, contempt, and defiance, which only some faces can combine in one expression. Every body saw the look, including Mr. Rimpler him self, who was clever enough to show no sign of it, but in consequence had to concentrate his attention in such a manner that he did not notice who went out of the room. Mr. Rimpler had made a sort of programme for the entertainment of the wedding guests, at Mr. Rimmon's suggestion. After breakfast the whole party was to he driven to Angtaton Park, toe seat of Lord Jumley; and at a pretty country inn on the outskirts of this park, a dainty lunch had been ordered for 2.30. The day was a glorious one as if to favour this 1 1 1 """ rii fi"'' "'jjilim r1 inn ii 1 soheme;andKeritoht4«Ntoi3ybMiwav»dol before two oawisji ai ilMf for tout expedition! To every one's satulsA end to toe greet annoyance of some, Mfl4rilae bogged not to be one of toe party. Mrs, fleRring cooid say motif ing in explamatioa, though shedid her best to3 would content toe others. The dove would 4$ Madeline good. mn»t AS poor girl, wito toe face of alibattor, at leng? consented to go, 1 | Mr. Rimpler had made : Inqutiies atom Madeline since encountering her it toff Sftln rings', and had recently wormed it out of samt one who knew, toat -sle was Mr. RwtijuofcMw1! niece. He could hardly have told why, bus this feature in the case hiro appoar hui himself a worse villain. Zt was not then on too daughter of ma ordinary music-hall ringer he had practised his fraud. Such persons wen used to that sort of thing, he thought. But it was a lady, of noble descent, who had heal sacrificed by a direct imposition on her owa good nature and unselfishness. Let it not be inferred, however, that Rimplei included any other than this bite act of his lifs under toe denomination of villainy ; the red was all fair play. Where there were fools! there must be knaves, he considered; It was a pro virion of nature which would Improve the race, sooner or later, by sharpening the sals fools on the knave's grindstones. He had often argued this in his own mind, as an oocn p&tion; in the dark, at his window. lt is only nature, Mr. Rimpler would think; rivifeything if linked to everything else in nature. What q pest the flies would be, if it were knot for the spidera to eat them up. So with many othm disagreeable things, nature provided a check td toe undue multiplication of fools." ' Then wob u his fault that he had been chosen an instru ment to this latter end ? Not at all. It was a merit rather. The human race M much to thank him for, and those lik Mm. He had heard somewhere that physical qualities, eveS organs, degenerated, and were ultimately lost under persistent disuBe. The wits of even tfy wise, if not exercised to defeat the knaves would thus degenerate, no doubt. He was fll universal benefactor. He roused fools froui their apathy, and exercised the wits of thi wise, and in the process considerably sharpened Ms own. It was not for anything of thia Vinfl that he should call himself a villain. Bui Madeline had not been a fool. She had beei caught by reason of her own goodness aud ua selfishness, and had been rendered wretched. It was clear the past could not be altered b j any amount of cursing and reviling. He too! out his pocket-book, in which we have seei him make entries ; and wrote upon a leaf in it, in Italian, of which language he koew Madeline to be mistress : 44 Be at ease. I see you recog nize me. I am too much ashamed of myself ever to press my acquaintance upon you. I semi this only that you may be sure that I shall trea\ you as a stranger on all occasions when we may chance to meet, which is the least I can do to make reparation." He had written this, and had folded it up anf palmed it, when he found they were very neai to toe little inn; and he began to mentallj gather himself together to form some quick anc undetectable plan of conveying Ms little note t( Madeline's hand. In his usual cool fashion, h« dismounted when the carriage slopped, ana gracefully helped out Mrs. Saltring before Mrt Rimmon had even thought of alighting. H< next gave his hand gravely to Madeline, wh« trembled a good deal. He appeared profoundly unconscious of this, aud wore his gravest look, |No detective could have imagined, if hehai looked at Mr. Rimpler' a countenance, that hf had ever met this lady before ; much less would he have thought he was conveying something tq her hand. Madeline knew it, however ; anq had she not perceived by his face that Ira did not wish people to know they were anything bat strangers, she would have been terrifies She could not let the note fall, mid showtheif had been one ; so her hanu closed upon it. Madeline moved towards the window of thf room into wMchtoe party was introduced, will the slip of paper folded between her fingera, ano nobody noticed her. Her back was towards everyone; and by a subtle instinct some women have, she felt she most take this opportunity of glancing at her paper. How could she gness indeed, what grave importance might attach to her knowing its contents at once ? Mr. Rimpler, who was engaged in giving directions to a waiter at the other end of thi room, knew by her attitude that she was readinl the letter. She took her purse from her pocket and put the folded paper mto it, just as toe was joined by Maud Towers. At this juncture Miss Dorcas, feeling rather in toe shade for a moment, made her way td these two, and, with an insolence some peoplq show a mastery of, threw herself headlong into conversation by remarking that the Mumajt Langley's dresses (the minister's daughters, whsf had been bridesmaids) were a figure. 44 An that all comes," she added, 44 of their going to t cheap dressmaker, as can't fit, spoiling goo stuff. If they'd have oome to me, now, to make them, they should have looked fit to be seen." Neither Maud nor Madeline answered ; boil looted extremely uncomfortable; and Mil Dorcas was not slow to see that she had made i mistake in addressing her remarks to them. Sh moved off without apology, but with a grea , jerk ; and said to bar sister - in - law, qnite audibly, 44 that of all the stack up peacocks, that Mrs Towers J Miss What s- her- name as came with Mrs. Saltring, were the tiptoppest. Can't hear haU a word without sticking up their heads ami looking at you as if they could slay yon. I'vi no patience with proud peaoocka." Mrs. Rimmon touched her rister-in- hsw sleeve by way of a hint that she was being over heard. 44 I'm not ashamed of what I say," said Mhf Dorcas, who was in a bad temper, owing to Mr Rimpler's neglect of her. 41 If people will lit proud peacocks, they must expect to be talke| about." Mr. Rimpler chanced to hear Dorcas's las remark; and Instantly judging at whom it wu levelled, gave Dorcas a look which would has appalled any one else. But toe was notab| reckless, ana would have her fling, as she oftw arid, if she died for it. Wito a sodden inspic ation toe looked Rimpler full in the face, auii asked him when he had come to toe throne; ai which sally she was so much delighted that to< laughed uproariously, attracting general atten tion to her. She should have waited fet Rimpler's answer. I've never been in danger of coming to thi throne; hut I have been in danger of bring dragged against my will to a certain altm several times. That is,' he added, as If to make Ms meaning quite clear, 44 1 should baw been, hid not the itdy lacked all persona! charm both of face and years, and manner voice, and all the rest, having nothing in fact t( drag with but her perseverance." And witl this he turned aw&j.; Dorcas was so o verpoweringly angry, that thi first thing she thought of—a common enough thought in the Biaek Country, too — was tof purchase of vitrol. But everybody else madf an effort to pass the thing over ; and though al; understood who the lady referred to was, then was not the least proof against Mr. Rimpler He had not committed himself in any way. The luncheon was a great success hud aft it .the party set butto walk in the park. Mr. . Bfedetihe' more ftndhe now md&ta; rbesAo entertainMrs. Salt- riagj Wko faJleji to hislot aince they had ome. : All dt-©n<£,'he beheld abated upon . a bentoaw6nian,-with grey hair and a ragged Bhawt' On hot arinfiwhA an old canvas bag ; and she looked miserable enough lor anything. Mr. Rimpler for some reason could scarcely keep down hisekeitement. Re said to Mrs. Saltrihg, quietly .enough for all that, "We mustmot see a person look so wretched as that on eo gay a day;" and he fumbled in Ms pocket. Mrs. Saltrmg, with pleased eyes, watched him go up to the woman, and bestow his williug alms upon her. She did not hear, however, the few words Mr. Rimpler spoke to the women, or she might have seen an altogether differentmeaning in his act. In that brief moment .hdhad made an arrangement with her to meet him at the tavern they had jnst quitted, the next day. He then passed on, as if nothing had occurred ; and everything went merrily, and everyone seemed sorry when it was tame to return to Jumley. H — — CHAPTER LXIIL— Connubial Amenities. The sojourn abroad of Mr. and Mrs. Jubal "Rimmrm was considerably protracted; and it was not until the first week in August that a Channel ateamer, not too seaworthy, was Hearing IHiaven, with a precious cargo in deed. The tourney had been made by night, and the sea looked as blue.as the sky overhead, and the white cliffs quite dazzling in the morning sunlight. Laura, with a peevish, discon tented look npbn her face, for which, perhaps, - we ought to have some commiseration, since she tad been- suffering from sea-sickness, was re- LBgarding the pretty view from the deck of the Steamer. Jubal, a thought thinner than when we last saw him, appeared to be making no effort at all to brighten the spirits of his partner, but puffed away at a big cigar quite spitefully. At length a small creature in a blue shawl tame on deck and looked timidly about her. She was speedily followed and her arm taken by a lady who appeared to be her mother. Laura, out of mere curiosity, watched the couple seat themselves on the side of the steamer, and then they turned their faces towards her. "Jubal," she said, giving her lord a tug, " do you see who that is?" "No, I don't; nobody I know." " It's Lucy Beredith and her mother.'' 44 Can't help it if it is," replied Jubal, con- ' tinning to puff. 44 At leastyou might take a little interest in what I say." 44 Other people take too much interest in what you say for me to take much.'' " I haven't the ghost of a notion what you mean," returned Laura, tossing her head. " But there are those Berediths. I wonder how it was we didn't see them when we came on board.' " I did see them at St. Lazare," observed Jubal, with the same ill-natured tone and lcok; " and I saw them get into our train, and I saw them come on board." "Then why couldn't you tell me?" " A nice rage you'd get into if I were always narrating to you everybody I saw." ' What a time we are getting in, when we are so close to, and have been so for ever so long, to all appearance," remarked Laura, in answer to this. 44 It is a horrible steamer. You ought to have looked after it better, as other gentlemen do. But no one can expect you to be a gentleman." "There's only one gentleman in the world, we know," retorted Jubal, " since Winterfold put in an appearance at Paris. And the devil knows how he found us out." " I'm very glad he did," said Laura, crossly pulling a thread out of her glove. " It would have been dull enough without him. I sup pose you didn't encourage , him to come at all, did you ? You didn't want it to be thought at the hotel that your friend was the son of a lord, did you, Jubal ?" She always called' him Jubal when die was not on particularly good terms with him, which had been rather frequently of late. " Are you going to speak .to those Bere diths?" Jubal had asked, when a sudden lurch of the ship had sent him ignominiously into a sitting posture on the seat near his wife— he had been standing before. Laura burst into a langh, and several other passengers, who had come on deck, were moved to smile also. Jubal's hat had flown off, and rolled with the movement ol the vessel to the feet of the Berediths. Ho was very angry; more angry with Laura than any one else, for laughing at him. He was proud of her beauty, and was as really in love with her as his nature could be ; and he wished to be envied, and that the world should see that she was all his own. It appeared to him that her careless laughing &t; his misfortune would suggest to the minds of all who had seen it that the young lady could not. be very much in love with her husband. The casual observer of human nature is quick to notice and give their full value to indications of this kind. A wife — above all, a new wife, who is in love with her husband — would feel his being seen in a ridiculous or foolish position in a sense doubly keen. But Laura seemed rather, to enjoy Jubal's discomfiture as he unsteadily followed his truant bead-gear to the feet of the two ladies. He apologised to them as he picked his hat ip and placed it on his head ; and when he turned he saw a young .French girl, an article Jubal had purchased lor his wife with his uncle David's money, in the act of receiving a spirited account of his misadventure from her mistress. This was too much for Jubal. He took in the situation at a glance, and did not go towards his wife, but remained sulkily where he was; and the ship ploughed on through ike water, and the white riliffw came nearer and nearer. J ubal determined not to look after the lug gage properly on landing, as the readiest means of avenging himself on his wife for her want of feeling; and he became better tempered in prospect of this. One thing he meant to look after, and que only, and that was his own bag lined with cigars, on which he meant to pay no duty. He likewise resolved to get drank, which he knew Laura objected to, not on moral, but on artistic grounds. Jubal was an appendage of her own, and she always remembered this when he made a beast of himself, as she called it, though she appeared to have forgotten it net now, when Jubal fell, But then, after all, t was fate that had done that, and Jubal choBe to get drunlc. It has beau seen that Laura made no step towards speaking to the Berediths. TheBere- jliths, nevertheless, had recognised her, and had known her well enough not to expect her to accost them. 44 Don't yon think, mamma, that Laura is handsomer than ever?" Luoy said to her mother, with her eyes fixed on the white cliffs they were every moment Hearing. irl certainly do," Mrs. Beredith acknow ledged unwillingly. She would have hen glad had the fact been less evident. She was angry with Laura. " Don't you think it strange that we should have been on the same ship ?" " I should have stayed for the later ship if X. . i'.y i" w i.M 'I ' '!»- ' bad known they wera coming oyer/ said Mrs. Bereditb, rather sharply ; " and if that's Keziah's brother, he's very much of her type." 1 1 Here Mrs. Beredith was wrongs Bu t we all j udge incorrectly of people against whom we - naveapreconceivedopinion. v "Why doesn't -he go to her?" remarked Lucy.- " They don't appear to be on very good terms. Oh, mamma," she added, turning her wistful face away from the chalk cliffs, and towards her mother, " if I had married him, and were returning with him in this steamer instead of you, we should -have been farther apart than we axe now." The mother sighed, and said nothing. 41 1 see it all differently now, mamma," went on Lucy. 44 1 know it would never have done, and I want to tell Keziah so I am sure he now thinks kindly of me. Had I married him, he would have hated me by now.. And how much better to he separated from him as I am, than to have him hate me, and 1 be tied to him. I am sure fate was kinder to me than I knew ; aud time is kind. When I last saw that shore, I was wishing I might never see it again ; and now I am jnst longing to get back and see the old home. It was very Mud of Gerald Harwyn to write so often." Mrs. Beredith looked inquiringly at her daughter, as if not quite sure what this phrase meant, tntrodnced suddenly as it was, and without apparent reason. Gerald Harwyn had written regularly to Mrs. Beredith, to make inquiries abont Lucy, since they had left England, which they had done immediately after the events we have before described ; and Lucy had certainly read his letters with evident pleasure. After all, that might be but natural. Any sympathy, if it.be real, is acceptable " in time of pain ; and Mrs. Beredith had not attached much meaning to Lucy's gratification. Ike steamer was at last close to the shore and entering the harbour, and Jnbal, leisurely enough, advanced towards his wife and told her she might as well gather her traps together — that was the phrase he used — if she had left any in the cabin. They would be in in a minute. 44 Perhaps yon may go and inquire about them," rejoined Laura, saucily, ' seeing you are so very steady on your feet, and we axe so very near "shore." The eyes of the little French maid twinkled at this sally ; bnt she neverthe less said that Monsieur must hot trouble himself to go for the things ; she would go at once her self and see if there were anything of her mistress's left below. 44 At any rate, Jubal," observed Laura, 44 yon can look after the boxes, and see that some of them don't get carried off by somebody else." 44 They'll see to that," replied Jubal, vaguely indicating he knew not whom. 44 I'm not going to bother abont anything except breakfast. An infernal wash of coffee they'll get for us, I know." 44 But really," insisted Laura, gathering her cardinal wrap about her, and dropping from her pedestal of satire, and mounting that of anger, 44 You muBt look after the things, Jubal; you knew they will be lost, and things stolen >ui of tnem. You must stand by all the time they look in them, too, and see they don't take anything out of all those lovely things I have bought." 44 Lovely things be hanged," said Jubal, rudely ; 44 what the devil did you want to get so many things for ? It's through you buying so many things that we had to have new boxes to carry them in, and got charged for excess luggage." 44 Well, we don't go to Paris every day," returned Laura, indignantly. 44 Uncle David may be very glad we don't," answered Jubal. 44 It has cost enough." And now, with a loud grating noise, and a little shudder, the steamer stopped ; and then began the rush to land. Jubal kept his word abont the boxes; and they were ruthlessly opened and turned over without any remonstrance from him. The only thing he took an interest in was his leather bag, which he opened himself and pushed towards the officer with a careless air, as much as to say, 44 You may look; there's nothing wrong with that." All it appeared to contain was a half- empty flask of brandy and a few toilet requisites. The officer pushed it back towards him with some impatience ; and J ubal, triumphant, marched away with his cigars to the crowded breakfast room, which looked uninviting enough. The proprietors well knew that the travellers must breakfast, at no matter what cost, and that they must take what was put before them, or else face the next part of the journey without anything. So the Beveral tables were spread in no very attractive manner with food which would have been left untasted in a London restaurant. The passengers, who had for the most part been sea-sick, contended themselves with mild grumbling at the stewed tea and wretched coffee served to them at an extortionate price. CHAPTER LXIV.— An" Ominous Home coming. At Manchester great preparations had been made for"- the arrival of the bride and bride groom. Everything that David Rimmon could think of, to add to the comfort of the young couple, had been purchased and arranged for, and David's hopes ran high; for was not there a chance that the boy he had adopted wonld go steadily to business, and sober down in every respect ? And poor David thoroughly believed that this would be the case. It has been said that we believe what we wish to believe, aud David's spirits had gone np during the pro longed wedding tonr, and he had heaped belief upon belief, and hopes upon beliefs, until they all intermingled, and until he had attained a buovancv as of present possession, all the more pleasant in contrast with his recent experience of failure and disappointment. As our travellers, weary, and not good-tempered, were n earing their destination, after having remained three days in London, David, anxious, red- faced, and important, made sharp and very un necessary excursions from his front gate to his kitchen, and from the kitchen to the dining- room, where a meal was laid. The most per plexing thing of all to him in this situation was to find nothing that wanted doing. Everything was ready hours before it was needed. In one of tbese little excursions to the garden gate, David espied a girl of no ordinary beauty, so it appeared to him, examining either higmelf or his house with considerable minuteness; and, thinking he might be of use to her in pointing out a house she was looking for, he asked her politely whose house she was in search of. 44 Well, now, really," she replied, advancing towards him with an assurance that astonished David not a little, 44 it's not a house I'm in search of, it's a person. I generally keep clear of the houses," she added with a light laugh. She was now close to David, and his face be came redder than ever, as he marked the manner in which she was gazing at him; and he simply looked at her without saying any thing. 44 You look," she went on, 44 as if batter wouldn't melt in your month ; but if you've got money in your pocket, I could teach yon to alter that. But perhaps you can tell me where Jubal Rimmon lives." David felt as if he had been suddenly struck by lightning. He could no longer doubt what this woman was : and she was asking for Jubal. To David this thing was so full of horror that he could not h de what he felt. Large drops perspiration broke out on his brow, ana n gasped out an appeal that she would go away, asking her if it were money she wanted, an praying her, in such a manner to avoid «» .nephew that it would have taken a harder heart than this girl really had to withstand it. 44 Look here," she said, dropping her flippant tone, and adopting one with a good deal or womanly tenderness in it, 44 1 won t take any money, and I won t see'liim again if I can neip it. We're not all so bad as they call us, she added, "and I can't bear to see any one loox like you look now. Good-bye, sir. one moved away, but suddenly retracing her steps, she faced David, who was standing where sbe had left him, as if petrified. 44 You go to church, sir He made no response. 44 You do, I know," she said, not caring whether he answered or not. 44 When you are there next, give a little prayer for me ; .it'll be the first and perhaps the last that is ever said for me." She turned at once without waiting for a reply, with hot tears on her cheeks, called there, not by any words David had spoken, but by reason of the iutegrity of the man, together with the kindheartedUess that had shone out on his face while sbe had spoken with him. As she turned, a cab drove round the corner at a rapid rate. The girl was walking carelessly and fast, and before she or the driver could do anything to prevent it, the horse had thrown her down. The cab "contained the returning travellers. The girl struggled to her feet as the driver pulled his horse up. She was not hurt. The cab door was thrown open, and J ubal Rimmon stared at her, as she sttggered to her feet, with a look of mingled wrath and amazement. But the knife, we ' recollect, had been to the .grinder's and got sharpened, and the Jubal of - the opening of our first volume is not tha J ubal of to-day. 4 Are you hurt, young woman?" he said, in a lordly, indifferent way, as if he did not know her in the least. The girl, with a scornful look on her coun tenance, involuntarily glanced farther into the cab as she noticed this tone in Jubal, and met Laura's eyes fastened like a snake's upon her. She took in the situation, and said, in deep irony — 44 People are not always clever enough to deceive the wife who ia quick-aitted." Then with a mocking laugh 6he passed on, not deigning to brush the dust from her garments, and wondered within herself how it was that relations could be so opposite in nature. For she had gathered from a certain family resemblance, which could scarcely be called a likeness at all, that David was a relative of Jubal ; besides which, Mr. Scratch, while in a drunken fit, had given Jubal's address to her, and had told her he lived with an uncle. She had reasons for encountering Jubal at all costs ; but she abandoned the pursuit, for the time at least, so long as other things should not have banished David's look rom her mind. And as the couple got out of the cab, andthe girlturnedtbecorner, J ubilmuttered a curse between his teeth, and passed his unde nt the gate without so much as shaking hands, or noticing him in any way. Neither did be help Lanra out of the cab, nor offer to pay the cabman, which indeed he would have been puzzled to do, as he possessed at that moment abont three halfpence in hard cash. David, inwardly blushing at his nephew's treatment of his new wife, . tried to make up. for it by extra politene ?a on his own part, and helped her oat of the cab in a manner worthy of Sir Charles Grandison, though we doubt if David Rimmon had ever heard of that gentle man ; and it was quite a matter of course that he paid the cabman. It was plain to his eyes that JubaJ had very speedily tired of his new toy, if he could treat her like that ; and for his own part he could not in the least understand how any man should tire of 6uch a beautiful creature as Laura. They had scarcely entered the house when another cab drove up and stopped opposite The Chestnuts ; and out of the window a small head with little twinkling black eyes peeped. Then the door opened, and a small personage with very much the air of a bantam cock stepped out, and directed the cabman as to the manner in which some of the boxes should be lifted. 44 If s coming here," exclaimed David point ing to the boxes, and inwardly dreading lest this should be some other applicant for Jnbal Rimmon. 44 Oh, yes," drawled Jubal, 44 1 forgot to tell yon, we couldn't get on without a maid for Laura, she having been used to one all her life," he added with a sneer. This was a sudden shock for David, who had made no preparation for a third person. How ever, he meant to make the best of it, as he did of most things. 44 All right," he replied, in his usual mild- yielding fashion, 44 of course, quite right." Lanra, who had entered one of the rooms, turned back on hearing that her maid had arrived, and expressed her pleasure. The two ascended to the bedroom floor, and were so long upstairs that the cutlets got quite spoilt, and David dreaded — he knew not how much — sitting down to table, because everything was not perfection. The ordeal of the tea- table and snnilt. di'slma were not destined to be gone through, however, by David, although it might have been prefer able to the obstacle that prevented it. A tele graph messenger came up the garden path, as David looked through the window, ill at ease, with one of the ill-boding terra- cotta coloured envelopes in his hand. It is only the very fortunate who constantly have telegraphic messages of a pleasant description, ana have therefore no dread of their contents at the sight of the envelope. David was nor one of the fortunate ; and haying received the telegram from the hand of his servant, he made two or three futile attempts to open it. 44 Hang it, uncle," said Jubal, 44 any one would, think yon had betted on the wrong horee, and were receiving the notioe of it. Why don't you open it?" David- as if in a dream, opened his telegram, and his features worked with evident excite ment as he read, it was from James Elworthv Leamington, and ran as follows 44 Come at oi.ee. Keziah dangerously ill. Have brought nernome.' -- Jubal, a cigar in his month, swaggered up to his uncle, and impudently took the tele gram from him. 44 W hat ablossed fool that El worthy is," was his comment. David, without a remark, passed out of the room, and in a dazed way took his hat and waited off. Has the reader ever seen a dog in the first stage of hydrophobia rushing on in a direct line, in its search for water, which it will never theless refuse to taste if it finds? It was in some thing of this manner that David Rimmon walked towards the station. Ho passed nobody who did not turn and look after him. If he had thought of the spoilt cutlets they would have seemed as some small thing that he hod been concerned about years before. Keziah dangerously ill ! Keziah brought home I In that sharp walk to the station, as much as he had known of Keziah's life crowded into his mind ; and more especially instanoes of her tenderness to himself were vividly in oon- eoioosiMSM. All thoworld exoept W been far-off from him. Thera hM MCTMgf this oiiebeiue, in a world so thickly pQpulalea, tol hfm to think of with affecfion and no anxiety, with admiration and dao There had been one other twwardswhoo- bis soul had gone out, but it had beenhisdutyuot to think of her. Keziah was left to him to be the recipient of bis full affection, yet finding but this single object. Strange that this should be so, while thousands in a cruel world would forfeit all to be loved as David Rimmon could love. At the station David hurriedly asked if the last train to take him into Manchester had gone —to take him in, he meant, in time for the last to Leamington. No, there was a train m now. He flung down some money recklessly, and went away without the change. He was going to Keziah — Keziah , who was dangerously lib While David was hurrying towards Leaming ton, his nephew and his niece by marriage were turning their noses up ma, style that would have given him considerable uneasiness at the half-cold viands; and from sharp language and crosB looks they relapsed into alienee. Keziah's sudden illness aroused no sympathy in them. Nevertheless, it was a peg to hang a ?Upon> my word," observed Laura, " 7ou are an affectionate and tender-hearted brother, to sit there stuffing yourself like a pig, when you have just heard that your sister's at the FIndeed!" retorted Jubal superciliously. « It's the first time I ever heard you express any interest in Keziah, though, no doubt, in keeping with your usual all-round good nature, you ve always taken the greatest interest in her inwardly. Pray oblige me by not likening me so often to such an uninteresting animal as a pig. My ambition doesn't lie in that direc tion," . - 44 1 liken you to one because you remma me of one. In company you affect all the neatneBS of a gentleman. In private you emulate your anoastors. I prefer the company of a gentle man to that of a metamorphosed collier. 44 1 declare, Laura," burst out Jubal, colour ing deeply, and the muscles of his face standing out firm and evident, 44it will be the worse for you if you get trying this game on. You may go just a trifle too far. By heaven, you 11 make me silence that tongue of yours for ever, ne of these days." . 44 1 wish I had a witness to that speech," said Laura bitingly, affecting to be more at ease than she was, for Jubal looked very wrathful indeed ; and as if in answer to this, the lady s maid presented herself in a stealthy and cat like manner, and looked at this young lord of creation with her small serpent-like eyes, her cheeks of an unearthly pallor, and her coiis of black hair fixed in a kind of turban on the top of hrhead. 44 Annette," said Laura, in her own spiteful manner, 41 did yon hear your master say any thing as you came in?" 44 JL have no wish to make myself involved, replied the lady's maid stonily. 44 He said he would silence my tongue for ever, one of these days. Did you hear that ?" Annette had not heard, hut she deoided to pretend she had, therefore she remained silent. CHAPTER LX y.— Strained Too Fab. Sorrow and death heal estrangements which time unaided could not cure. After all, when we speak of the healing hand of time _ in re ference to trouble, ill-feeling, losses, it may not be the passing of day after day, of week after week, the mere passing, that makes the difference. It is rather the events which the weeks bring with them, silent victors demanding for themselves absorbing attention, for the time at least. Yet without lapse of time, a single event is sometimes strong enough to heal what threatened to be a life-long feud. Perhaps only those who are themselves mothers will understand how bitterly Mrs. Beredith felt towards Keziah. Yet, hearing from Gerald Harwyn, immediately on her return from the Continent, that he had a tele gram from Elworthv, telling him to make pre parations to receive his wife, who appeared very ill, Mrs. Beredith at once began to relent towards Kez'ah, and unconsciously to frame excuses for her. Keziah happy, Keziah vic torious, she could be angry with. Keziah broken down, incapable of enjoying her vic tory, perhaps dying and about to forfeit every thing, found a place in Mrs. Beredith's womanly heart. She reemed to forget for the moment her daughter's position ; for Lacy was the first to hear the lamentation that broke from her after she had learnt the news. Lucy for her part, who had long since forgiven Keziah, felt piqued with her mother. It was all very well to play the part of a forgiving angel herself, hut it was a role she did not care to see her mother play so readily. So far was Lucy human, though the poor child had scarcely a fault. Lucy therefore watched her mother's preparations to go to Dr. Eiworthy's, with a silence which might have spoken volumes, had Mrs. Beredith been less absorbed. As it was, Mrs. Beredith with her own handB prepared the room that was to receive Keziah, and awaited her arrival as if a fixture in the establishment. She had ascertained from Gerald that no one of Keziah's relatives had as yet been informed of her illness ; so their would be no woman r\iCDonf Knf kovooTf tuswuL vuv uoAouii, lUO OClVOUUlt 44 But no one is needed here," Gerald said. 44 1 have no doubt at all Elworthy will nurse her himself; and," he added, with evident hesitation, 44 do vqu not think that, after what has occurred, Mrs. Elworthy might find it too much for her, in her present condition, to see you." 44 Oh, nonsense," said the lady, hotly, looking at him with the special scorn other people adopt towards those who are younger than themselves and have any pretensions to superior knowledge! 44 Men know nothing at all about that, and I know Keziah much better than you do. It will do her good to see me, and to know we are friends again. She has not a bit of resentment in her." 44 Of course," said Gerald coldly, 44 it is not my business." He was thinking of Lucy, and resented Mrs. Beredith's coming. Mrs. Beredith tossed her hood just a little, sniffed in the air, after the manner of people who could say a great deal and choose to keen silent; and installed herself , i8 eve?il' wtea a carriage stopped at toe door, and Mis. Beredith trembled as she thought that within a few minutes she must see Keziah, and must realise how much toe was changed. Dr. Elworthy had not said what was toe matter with her, but she must be very ill indeed for bun to bring her home tons ; of that at least she felt sure. The hall door was opened. Mrs. Beredith could not go out, but stood behind the door of toe room m which she was, trembling as if romethmg were about to break loose upon her. She heard El worthy's voice, harto and impatient to everyone except Keziah; and toe contact was so great when he spoke a pityinj SSJdto m?' 5, grossed a remark to any of TO beeU t"# aafeMnt her room ; ,et towmSSS to kIS'I iSI8?0®- j "ehtod a lire 1 01 1 and toe was sure that toe ward Elworthy make some angry remark about She must have remained hnlf-an-W stationed in the same spot, when she hoard ' ' footfall on the stairs. She knew the step W(11 it ,was Eiworthy's. He entered the room wkml toe was, and where some refreshment was He turned a haggard and angry face on W She felt as She remembered to bave done in . nightmare, when she had been in great danew and could not even utter a cry. ® r> Elworthy sat down without remark, and commenced to eat, not like a man, but like an automaton. He looked curses when be happened to glance her way ; yet he was not H"-cialk angry with Mrs. Beredith. He was at war wit! the world. He was at war with the fate thai had dashed the ripe fruit from his lip?j 3 Beredith was not that fate, but she was part o' the universe that beheld his misery, and h resented her presence. When he had fiuished eating, he rose to w and just observed, as if addressing a stranei who had chancc-d to be there — 44 Be enre you do not bang the dcor when y0e go out." He left the room, and went upstairs. Gerald had remained with Keziah while Klworth? snatched a meal ; and he found him bathing her head, which was once more shorn of its curls with eau-de-Cologne and spirits of wine. The room was almost absolutely dark. The fire was screened. Rugs had been laid all alou» the landing, that no footfall might be heard Gerald was about to make some remark in % low tone, but Elworthy impatiently signed to him to be silent. He passed once more out of the room, and summoned his housekeeper. led her to his wife's room, and bade her stay there without speaking a word, while he and Mr. Harwyn consulted in another room. The housekeeper would have fallen back with terror on entering the room, had she not used strong self-control. Keziah's eyes were gLirirg ?t her like two great suns out of the dsn knees, acd she accosted her the instant she entered the room. 44 Ah," she said, rapidly, twitching fingers incessantly, 44 1 told you what it VouH be. What did you bring me for r Look, it't coming again; take me away firit." 44 Where from?" asked the hou;kccror, wha had forgotten her master's instructi n." 44 Can't you s?e it ?" replied Ke.-iah. '-It's buried cities, aDd the burning lava pou:8 dona upon my head." The housekeeper grew desperately i r' -htencd. 44 That isn't the worst," wont ou Kc: iah, 44 He forsook me there, and left me to my fate. Now wasn't it unkind V We were culy just married." 44 Oh, good lack-a-day," said the honse« keeper, wringing her hands, " bu: vu're mis taken about toat." Keziah, not heeding her. rambled ; n withcaf rest, in a manner that would tire any h-:arcr to listen to. 44 It wasn't kind, after pr-1 ending to care for me so, to go and leave me Lre on this terrible mountain." Then, in a confidential tone, she continued, 44 1 ought to have died, 1 suppose. It would have been all ri_rht then, and I should have been at rest : but I can't die. I am never to die. I know I ehnil never die, Look here, whoever you are, ask th in not to ring these bells; there can be no no- d for it. How strange! What a terrible noi e this makes ! I never saw waggons and L oses going up a mountain before. They make m«. re noise than the coal carts in line with the jagtrs." In the meantime the unhappy husbmd and Gerald were discussing Keziah's case. 44 Wheu did you first notice anything strange in her ?" Gerald asked. 44 1 thought she was not nst.:ral on our wedding-day, but I hoped she'd be all right when we got away. She seemed gloomy, and complained of a weight on her hcoi and a tendency to fall forward if she stooped the least bit. She described it as tcp -heaviness.' 44 The brain is terribly couge?ted." said Gerald. 44 There's no use in having f.-.rther ad vice, is there ? These case3 always r pire the some treatment. There's nothing but omet and the nursing we shall give." AsGra .t spoke he looked into his companion's Luc. and saw &uch; agony in it that be involuut. ti'.y seized the clenched hand that was fixed to Llworthy's side, and griped it with such brotherly tender ness that Elworthy, who was frightfully over strung, flung himself into his chair, weeping bitterly. His grief was terribl1 to witness, and Gerald felt his heart ache for him. He placed his arm on Eiworthy's shouiiLr. nud fell to caressing him as lie might have done a woman. By Eiworthy's suggestion. Gerr-u tele graphed for his sister, who arrived next day. Maud entered the house by the surgery door by mere accident, and was met by her brother on the threshold. lie suddenly, a: the sight ol her became very red; and Gerald hud one of those transparent complexions on which the slightest tinge of pink shows conspicuously. This did not strike Maud as being at all re markable, till she noticed in the surgery a neat little lady in brown, whose colour wa- rivalling Gerald's at that moment. Maud merely glanced at her, and took her for a patient un, comfortable in toe presence cf the ueaor, was going to pass through the surgery, when Gerald in a hesitating manner suddenly inW> duoed bar to the little brown lady. ' sister, Mrs. Towers— Miss Bereditb." he said. Maud stretched out her hand and graspea Lucy's, toat trembled and fluttered like a littw bird in hers. 44 1 am so glad to meet you, Maud said. 44 1 have heard much good of yoo my dear. Is this the way, Gerald," she added 44 or perhaps Miss Beredith will shew me 44 1 was just going," stammered Lucy, t€Ij ill at ease. . ,, 44 Oh, don't go yet," said Gerald impatiently. 44 I'll show Maud. I want to speak to you. Lacy, left alone, cast frightened glances sj the strange objects, the bottles and jars, the ghastly prints of anatomical subjects upos the wall ; she was half afraid of a skeleton tnai occupied one corner. It did not appear to have taken Gerald lon| to show Maud upstairs, for he came back very quickly, and had not lost the red colour upon his face ; and Lucy's returned at sight of nun. 44 What did you want me for i " Lucy in her gentle voice. , , 44 Ah I" said Gerald, taking a bottle down from a shelf and critically smelling at a cors, 44 1 wanted to ask you how you liked rij sister." . The surgery door here opened, admitting little boy who called for 44 the mixture ana powders." „ 0 ,1 44 Whom did you say it was for ; asked, impatiently and roughly. » 44 Mother," replied the small boy, staring a1 the time at Miss Beredith. , .rt «D you," Mid Gerald: "whycantyoa say her name?" , . The boy didn't look much taken aback ®S this ; he was probably used to being But Luoy dm look very much shocked, " marked her displeasure by quitting the suigw with a cool bow. . Gerald could have bitten his tongue cut, _ that oouid not alter the case. Lucy bad g<® j and he couldn't go racing after her. She wo" think him — he aidn'tknow what she wo think him — probably toe would think about him any more. The mixture was, ready, Gerald began to mix it with unrtj fingers, and unconsciously pulkd dorm wrong bottles, and, finally, wasted two three bottiefuls, through not baring AouMta lp loo,la BMMng, K#Mi¥laRht«taU. ThoiaUtaMlmng be ncome to & sworn nt, if theyoould jjntngw , CUB9 SfSSS" Maud had found her way of the. room to Xeriah<a j Ltdown beside her without rustle or i. Eeziah, nevertheless,- with and immediately addressed her. pfud was startled to hear herself called by her "»!%, «e, Maud," K«i«h bMjn, M if «h# intinuing a conversation that had here at some other time, "you may all VTSmny, t you can't Up me away F He need not have left me here ; he rw have done something else. But it seems that you and I should be together, S1 h it ?" she babbled on. " We have borne rSlt deal together, haven't we ? Come, we ; move uider that shelter; »e, the KfJdngiock. One step; the lava, it's com - 2win' and Keziah began to spring forward ?K?lS Her husband, who had been in the !®rrtvr came at once, and tenderly pnt his about her. speaking to her in tones so full Kv and affectum they might have moved ffldest heart. ButKeaah, with strregth K astonishing, repulsed him withbotii her Stfids " There is but one I love, and he has X# mfl to die miserably here. No one else shall vL near me. Yes," she went on, with a 5 s weary smile, " I would rather ie by his S or his neglect, than live by the help of tome' other. Come Man d, let us go avray." 6 in a sharp whisper, distinctly audible, it nm't let that man come near me again ; 1 Ifuthehim. Who is he?" ©worthy in his experience as a doctor oould Cjjd nothing new in this sort of thing. Yet lie felt that it was entirely new to him ; and he inwardly prayed, as his heart bled, that, should his darling be spared to recover and be his own Sesnah again, the suffering he was now passing through might make him tenderer both to pitients and their friends. As he sat there he recalled scenes which had moved him little at the time, and faces watching by bedsides hearing like things to those he heard now toed oat aua haunted him reproachfully in the Lrkness of this room for the manner in which he had gone on his way and forgotten them. Two days later, David Rimmon was sent for, heause Ke. iah had taken up a new cry ; she continually asked to see her uncle. When psrid arrived, very late indeed, and by instinct Vent straight upstairs to Keziah 'a room after taking off his boots, he placed himself a4, her pedside. silently, like one of the genii of the Arabian Nights who has been summoned and who appears without even a " Here am L" Mrs. befedith was taking the nursing in turns. She guessed who David was, but David in the nnnl d n /vf CAA \TM BATO/1 «fL TTfi ValtAWAi? gilRMil UUiU au.4 0« oauucuufUU himself alone with Keziah. Keziah. restlessly moving her head from ore )ids to another, staring into the gloom with the great eye? that would never blink, clutching With her two little hands from time to time at her shaved ho ad, and incessantly muttering, at last dropped one little band on David's, winch was resting upon the quilt, then convulsively moved her eyes towards the hand she had touched. "That is uncle David's hand," she said, in a more natural voice. "It is. if is. tny darling," said David, begin ning to raiu t-s&i; in £ reat splashes upon her hand, that was so hct. " At your service for ever my j lamb," he went on, so gently he might have here torn a refined gentleman instead of a collier's sou. lire. Beredith came with fresh cloths, dipped is spirits of wiue and eau-de-Cologne, and put thea on the poor girl's burning head. David had his lead bowed over the little haucLso hot ud restless, and did not notice her. Keziah hid let her head rest on that side of the pillow tearest her uncle, and said, softly— " Tm not afraid, now you are come. He left me here to die." The the lids closed over the grained eyes, and as her husband, worn and toiious, softly entered the room, he saw that lefiah was asleep. "God be praised, he said to himself . "She Will recover now." v It was two hours before Keziah opened jft syes again, and David was still there, and his hand was clasping hers. EI worthy pointed w some beef tea, and Mrs. Beredith carried |t to Keziah. Strange freak of brain-maladies, hut during them those best beloved are some- pM6 abhorred. Elworthy, who loved Keziah better than his life, and whom Keziah loved few women ever have loved, tins Elworthy the only one Keziah would not allow to approach her in this illness. If he administered ather rnefi cine or nourishments, she was seized at one with frenzy ; and all those little tender offices, to have performed which would have Lis lot less hard, he was obliged to hrage. Kez;ah knew the others ; him she loved she took tor a stranger. Yet he kept every vigil with her, and out of sight in the darkness of «r room, he sat for hours behind a curtain, " or kerJ and wept for her. tire. BereUith at some ox these times would Ht her amis round him as if he had been her laying his bead upon her bosom, fiwajfied her tears with bis, till he would look &4 '-as- aQd whisper the invariable phrase As one whom his mother comforteth. nt a o'clock the next morniag, as Maud Passed the surgery door on her way to break- hear ! her brother in conversation with waeone ; it was the little lady in brown. , wuld have blown out my brains for it," oosrd her brother sty, " the minute after ; Wi if you had never come again to inquire as jf51!, I should have done it. I tried to write cr three times to tell you bow sorry shamed I was, but I couldn't." f ,.?u needn't mind about-, my opinion," a gentle voice. "It can be of no "tofient to anyone." Butit'g everything to me," eaid Gerald, bis voice ; 41 everything, Lucy, because a2Lf,VeiT thing, more than everything to 70u I could be happy anywhere, kJr" y circumstance. Without you, 1 would die than face it. Oh, Lucy, give me word of hope, and make mehappier man ever yet was." who had been involuntarily trans- W r,U0W movcd away with a hot blush on Wien ciilek. Yet she was pleased, and i was pleased she had a way of being t? £ kind to other people. She went fot. and gave David his break- a iaviah kindliness of voice and thin v would have thrown David into the 9 dctight had Keziah not been ill. lifg r Keziah had slowly crept back into who unceasingly made in- rnin»a er Pro€re88f w&s; admitted one ipf./0 See er- At mention of Lncy, a tigpriv i Same Keziah's cheek, and she («U& "fed for her coming. Vith m the room when Lucy c&tne; hi \-- ffentle step, trembling visibly, She fane ««t «4 to KteUh SffllS tatoiuos tbi> Httb Ufy to JSZffiSgj— " « tat >my little sister," said Iniw to Si?- that Lncy was ttiis way that had caused her fnMS ttie rick room up to this tim Baid,.I'ucy» " how much I you that you did not let me do that inedtiung Hwreaobrare and so good o| ®e efl so much misery, and it ewmld eU have been such a mistake. I am wql mwtook myedf all along ; I bad never izzT» 1 fc0 that now. I only 2?? k ito so easily fond of anyone who is kind red good to me. X mistook It, I eon- pree, but I do thank you.'» And now. me hard part of her task bring over, she raised a glad MSI tear-stained face and Bald merrily, " Now, Kizzyri am only waiting for you to get well enough to come to the wedding." . " Maud,4' said Keziah, in her old impulsive tone, "I am too happy to etay in bed. Can't to dressed to-morrow ! I am sure 1 quite well." We will see all about that,' replied Maud, pursing up her lips, and nodding to Lucy to go. Lucy bad to hug Keziah oyer and over again before this eoula take place, declaring hft was i never so happy in her life. During this scene Elworthy came into the room to eee, as he i arid, that bis patient was not being ill-used ; and at the sight of hima lovely light came into Keziah's eyes, which only he ever called up. He silently sat down beside her and took her utile hand, and the two looked into each other's eyes &s; if they oould never tire. "Come, Lucy," said Maud1 "we are de tropj' and they left the room. When they reached the bottom of the stairs L icy's eyes involuntarily turned towards the surgery, and she hesitated. _ " No," said Maud, 44 he is not there thia tuns." Lucv blushed. 44 But I must tell you, Miss Lucy," Maud went on with her first finger held up in a lecturing style, 44 you might have made ail your inquiries by coming to the front in an ordinary way instead of always to the surgery. " Oh, Mrs. Towers," rejoined Lucy, in an alarmed voice, "do you think it wasn't proper of me ? You see, £ thought," she went on, blushing more deeply, " I should get to know more correctly if I saw either Dr. Elworthy or Gerald." " Oh, you are an artful little creature," said Maud. 44 Love will find out a way, I suppose. But if you don't learn to call me Maud in a sisterly fashion, I shall report this proceeding to Mrs. Beredith, and she wouldn't treat it so lightly as I have done." Lucy didn't understand Maud's manner yet, aua me sears came into ner eyes at mis reoaxe. ; Maud passed her arm round her in a sheltering way, and, kissuog Lucy's cheek, ssid, " There, don't be a ridiculous tittle puss. Don't you think I would hail any chance that won you for my brother?" Lucy was comforted ; and as it was her way to pass quickly from tears to sunshine, and from sunshine to tears, she said, with a beaming countenance, "I do hope Kizzy will be down stairs soon." 44 Why, I wonder?" said Maud, teasingly. 44 Because Hove her," Lucy replied. 44 And for no other reason?" suggested Maud. 44 Ah, I cannot resist teasing you. But you are quite right to be happy. Make the most of it ; it only comes once in a lifetime. To some it never comes at &1L" And she gave a little sigh. Her thoughts had flown to the Bowdon cemetery. Kizzy was getting better, and She was longing to get back to be within reach of that mound of earth. Lucy, as she went tripping along the street on her way home, thought how wonderfully Maud had got over her husband's death. She did not realise that spiritual wounds, like physical ones, must be covered up. (to be contixttxd.) 