The- Cab-Driver's Story. -4~-- y. -Ly-?ary yle-Da. as. .... We all have our uns and downs. I suppose. I have'had,- I kcoow.' nccIl?.tadtmt had a far alfaa, nor, fer'the cadh of that; the day before. Perhapa, having growsi a' little seedy, people picked out a sprocer cabman; Anyhow, there I fat, -disconsolate'and wretched upon my ab floor, with myfeet dangling out, not caring how soon the end of the world came, for, besides my low spirits, it was a drizzly, chil:y, uncomfort. able evening, when I saw a figure inside the park that put me in mind of old times, and took. me back to the country place where I was brought up, as a picture of it might. There was a girl there then called Lizzie Murray-a beauty, people said, with eyes as black as jet, hair just one mass of ripples, and a cheek like a pench2-a girl who was said to have the finest bust and smallest waist and foot of any girl about-a girl the fellows fell in love with in the most sur prising way. I liked her myself. and she might have done whatishe chose with ie, and men richer than I would have betn glad to marry her. But she thought of ro :ething higher than being a working man's wife ; and when at last a fashionable young fellow, who had come down to the hotel with other fashion able people, began to cast admiring looks upon her, she fancied, I suppose, there was no need of being civil to common folks any longer, so she just cut us all, and for a while some thought that young Benton really was going to marry her. He followed her wherever she went. He gave her splendid presents, and be seemed to worship the very ground she trod upon. He kept it up all summer long, and when he went away she told her friends that he was coming back at Christmas time to marry her. She believed it when she Ensaid it, and no ,onbt he told her so; but he never came near her again. She had been very proud of the match she was going to make, and very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by his desertion. After a while peoplebegan to whisper and talk about her, too, and pretty soon the women of the place would have nothing to do with her. She lived with her brother and his wife in a little white-framed house in the village, and a rood many people will remember the day they saw her leave that house-turned out of it in shame and dis gcce-g-oing with her baby in her arms to wards the road that led to the city. They had been as hard with her at home as others were, and her sister-in-law would never hear hbr name again. And no one knew what had become of her. Now that figure in the park, sitting on a bench in all the rain, in its tawdry finery, with that strange look about it you can't de scribe, but which 'yon never see in good women, put me in mind of 'Lizzie Murray. It was coarser and heavier, and it was not a young girl'sfigure, but for all that it looked like her, and it looked too, like a woman who had seen terriblehardships, and maybie, had no home to go to. I sat wondering whether it was all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray had really come to this and yet looking out for fares all the while, and hailing every man and woman who went past with "Have a ride, sir?" or " Have a ride, ma'aml" when I saw coming across the park, with a portmanteau in his hand, a fine-locking gentleman who looked asif he had just come off a journey. He looked like a fare to me. You get to krow 'em at sight, and I got up and held the door open, waiting for him. It was raising sharply, and mine was the only cab on the stand, and I saw him hurry when he felt the drops. But just then the woman on the bench sprang up and caught him by the arm. I saw her face then, and felt sore it was Lizzie Murray, and when he turned it fashed into my mind in a moment that if he had lived so long, tihrt Mr. Benton, who hatd wronged her so, would hare, looked like this. i saw that he was nervous about the meet into, and that as he broke away she followed him; and when, almost without a word, he stepped into my eab, she came close and would havre spoken to him again, but he cried out in an irritated voice: "If you have anything to say, step in. Don't attract the attention of everybody in the street. We can talk as we ride.' And she stepped in. The look on her fare as she did so made me think that whether she were Lizzie Murray or not, she was a very dangerous person. " Where to?" I asked, and he seemed to ask a question. "To No.- --street, for this - this lady," he said. "Afterwards to No. Madison Avenue, for me." Then he said harshly, for I heard him plainly : "Come, say your say out I You haven't long to say it in. "What do you want ? money " -. I heard her laugh, and then I drove on, and the rattling of the wheels kept the voices from my ear, except now and then swhen they were raised a little. Night was coming on fast, and by the time I reached the street he had men tioned, it was quite dark and the rain pour ing. I was wondering how the nnmbers ran, and had not found the right one yet, when I heard the woman calling me to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at once and shut the door behind her. The gentleman never stirred ; bst I did not wonder at that; he was not likely to be very polite to such a poor creature. "Is this the number?" I said. "No," she answered. "It's far enough for me though. The gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenue;" Then I saw her by the light of the street lamps, as I turned my horse, walk away in an odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in the pools of water on the pave ment, her poor bonnet half off her head, and all her handsome hair dropped down her sack, as if the combs or pins had fallen out. - "It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain,"I said, and drove towards Madison Avenue. I felt oddly enough to think who had rid den in my cab, nnd-that neither of them knew me. It was anything but a pleasant feeling I had t6 my passenger, thinking as I did how he had brought Lizzie to be the poor crenature she wis, and remembering her sucb a pretty, light hearted girl; and when I came to the number I felt so mortified that it weas hardly in a civil voice that I called: '" Here yon are, sir I" and waited for him to get out of the cab. - But he didn't stir. So,-afier calling agan, I jumped from the 'ox and opened the door. \- My fare was ling against the opposite window, as I thought,sound asleep. "'Hello, sir l"I called. ' We're at No.-" IIcHe ne?er moved. I couldn't see his face bat I put out my hand to shake him awa e.annd felt him so cold and still that I was frightened., When I lifted him up he fell back heavily upon the seat, and I felt suresomething was the matter with him. - -It was a bad position for me. I though't for a moment what I should do, and then ran up the steps of the great house opposite me and rang the bell.. A servantopened it, and a child came run ning.out calling "Papa;" That took my breath away, and the sweet lady's face be hind in tbehall. "This is No.-l"' I said. - "Yes," said the man. 'tA gentleman ; told me ?:to drive him here. He's in the cab-ill, I'm afrai," I said. r And I sw' the lady turn pale. "It is not my husband, Mr. Benton ?" she •And I said: *: If Mr. Benton is your husbsad, ma'am, I'm alrid-it is. .' - :- 'Tbei'tbhe servant c?me down to the cab with me. My fare was lying where I had left him, his head against t. e side of the cab. We lifted him out anl took him up the marble steps into the greaot bonse. SThe lady shrieked end the child cried; he neverstirred. There was blood all over his vest, and 'whe n , ;etbottoned it we found thkt som, sharp, li kind of weapon adi been plunged uinto hisheart. It must have killed him at once, the doctors said. I think I had to give my- "nce, of course ; but itwas not wolrth to zuuch as a bit of paper thc.pclicman?, found ,in .the cab-a laaf of ons.oalthose traces Athb street' missionaries give to folks who will take them; a queer thing to write such words on as were writ ten there with a pencil. These were the words;; "I have killed the man who ruined me. Ten years ago he blighted my life. I've fol lowed him to end his, wherever I met him, all that time. This is my first chance. 11 was a good girl when he came between me and heaven.. His fate be on his own head. " LIZZIE MURRAyn." It did not tell me more than I knew be focre; but I kept all shut to myself, and was glad they did not find the wretched woman until one day a, body was" washed ashore from the East River, and soce who kneow the face said it was that of Liziie Murray. I drive my cab still, and I've had better hluck of late, and am well off enough not to sit brooding often as I did that evening. But I never drive it in the evening but that story comes back to me, and I feel glad when I see my fares get out alive and well, or- if it is empty and I am driving back, now-and then I'11 feel my blood curdle and be half afraid to look behind me; for if the ghost stories they tell were true, who knows but the spirits of the two I had for passengers once might come back to take a horrible-ride there, as bad spirits are said to come some times. 