PRETTY ANNIE, This befell in the old days, and, as my friend Private Mulvaney was specially careful to make clear, the Unregenerate. There had been a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back of the rifle butts between Learpyd's Jock and Ortheris's Blue Rot— both mongrel Rampur hounds, chiefly ribs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, howling minutes, and then Blue Rot collapsed and Ortheris paid Learoyd three rupees, and we were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because Rampurs fight over a couple of acres of ground. Later, when the sound of belt badges clinking against the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from dog to man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer in some respects, Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp in their breasts, and they bell one to the other, exactly like challenging bucks. This is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of the line: it shows the refining influence of civilisation and the march of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd's eyes began to brighten, and he unburdened himself of a long history in which, a tiip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. ' An* 60 Ah coot's yead oppen from t' chin t* hair, an' he was abed for t' matter o' a month,' concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvaaey came out of a reverie — he was ly ing down — and nourished bis heels in the air. ' You're a man, Learoyd,' said he critically, ' but you've only f ought wid men, an' that's an ivry- cJayexpayrieace ; but I've stud up to a. ghost, an1 that was not ivry-day expayrience.' 'No,' said Ortheris, throwing a cork at him. ' You git up an.' address the 'ouse — you an' yer expayrieuce. Is it a bigger one nor usual?' ' 'Twas the livin' trut' !' answered Itful vaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. ?* Now, where are ye, me sou ? Will ye take the wurrud av the Lorrd out avmy mouth, another time r' He shook him to emphasise the question. *; No, somethin' else, though,'' said Ortheris, making a dash at Mulvaney's pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. ' I'll chuck it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go !' ' You maraudiu' hathen ! 'Tis the only cutty I iver loved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck you acrost the nuilah. If that poipe bruk — Ah ! Give her back to me, sorr ?' Ortheris had passed the treasure to my band. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny as the black ball ? at pool. I took it reverently, wuu-l nmuxui« ' Will you tell us about the ghost -light if I do?' I said. 'Isutthe shtory that's troublin' you? Av coorse I will. I mint to all along. I was only gittiu' ut my own way, as Popp Doggie said whin they f oxxuA him tiiryin' to ram a cartridge down the muzzle. Orth'ris. fall away 2' He related the iitUe IiOiidoJier, took his pipe. filled it, and his eyes twinkled. He has ihe most «Io-|ue«t eyes of any oue that I know. ' l)icl 1 iver tell you,' he began, '' that I was wan fit the devil av a iun.n'r' 'You did,'' ssii 'Learoyd, with a childish gravity that laade Ortharis yell with laughter, lor MuliM:iey was always impressing upon us his itK-rits in the aid aays. ' Did I iver tell you,'' ^Inlvaney continued calmly, ' that I was waust more av a divil than I am how?' , 'Sler-ria! You donrt mean it?' said Or therjs. 'Whin I was Corp 'rill was rejuced after wards, but, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil of tl man.' ilc was ra'lcnt for nearly a minute. 'Eyah! They was great times. I'm ould i now ; my hides wore off in patches ; sinthry-go L has discouceited me, and I'm a married man tu. kBut I've had my day, I've had my day, and Huothin' can take away the taste av that ! Oh, ftny time past whin I put me fut through ivery Bivin' wan av the Tin Commandments between Kjevilly and Lights Out, blew the froth off a ?pewter, wiped me mustache wid the back av Khehand an' slept on ut all as quiet as a little W child ! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill r vvpt come back to me : not though I prayed for a week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the ould rig'xoiiit to touch Corp'ril Terence ?.Iul vaney ? I niver met him. Ivry woman that was not a witch was worth the lookin' af ther in those days, an' ivery man was my dearest frind or — £ had stripped to him an' we knew who was the bctther man avthe til. ' Whin I was Corp'ril I wud notha' changed ?wid the Colonel — no, noi* yet the Commandher in-Chief. I wud be a sargint. There was nothin' I wud not be! Mother av Hivin, look at me ! Fwhat am I now ? But no matther ! I must get to the other ghosts — not the wans in my ouid head. ;' We was quartered inabigcantonmint — 'tis no manner a,v use iia.min' names, for ut might give the barricks disrepitation — an' I was the Imperor av the earth to my own mind, an' wan or tu women thought the same, small blame to thim. Afther we had Iain there a year, Bragin, the Colour-sargint av E Corap'ny, wint an' tuk a wife that was a lady's maid to some big ladv in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bra~ gin— died at Kirpa Tal, or ut may have been Almorah — seven — nine years gone, an' Bragin he marned agin. But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced her to cantonmint society. She had eyes like the brown av a buttherfl y's wing whin the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker than my arm, an' a little sof button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia bristlin' widbay'nits to get a kiss av. An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger — forgive me mentionin' that blunderin' baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin — but 'twas all shpun gold, an time was whin a. lock av ut was more than di'monds to me. There was niver a pretty woman yet, an' I've had thruck wid a few, cud open the door to Annie Bragin. Sl 'Twas in the chapsl I eaw her first, me oi tolling round as usual to see fwat was to be seen- ' You're too good for Bragin, my love, thinks I to myself, * but that's a mistake I can put straight or my name is not Terence JIul vaney.* 'Now, take my wurrd for nt, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an' kape out av Married Quarters — as 1 did not. Kb good iver comes of ut, an' there's always the chance av your bein' found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket in the back av your head, an* your hands playin' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Eafferty killed six years gone, whin he wint to his death wid his hair oiled whistlin * Larry O'Rourke' betunehis teeth. Kape out av the Married Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis on wholesim, 'tis dangerous an' Mis iverythin that's bad, but — oh, me s nrl, 'tis 6wate while it lasts! 4i I was always hangui' about there whin I was off duty and Bragin wasn't, but niver a Bweet word beyon' ordinar' did I get from Annie Bragin. 'Tie the pevarsity av the sect, sez I to myself,- an' gave my cap another cock on my head an' straightened my back — an' wint off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qarfers laughin'. I was pershuaded — most boys are, I'm thinkin' — that no women born av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had reason for thinkin' that way — till I met Annie Bragin. ' Time and agin whin I was blandandherin' in* the dusk, a man would go past me as quiet as a cat. ' That'B quare,' thinks I.' * for I am, or shud be, the only man in theBe parts. Tifow what devilment can Annie be up to?' Thin I called myself a blayguard for thinkin' such things; but I thought thim all the' same. An' that, mark you, is the way av a man. ' Wan evenin' I said : ' Mrs Bragin, manin' no disrespect to you, who is that corp'ril man' — I had seen the stripes, though I cud niver get eight av his face — 'who is that corp'ril man that comes in always whin Fm goin' away?' ' * Mother av God !' sez she, turnin' as white as my belt : ?' have you seen him, too s' ''Seen him!' sez I; 'Av course I have. Did ye want me not to see him for ' — we were standin' talkin' in the dhark, outside the verandah of Bragin's quarters — 'you'd better Isll me to shut me eyes. 'Onless I'm mistaken, he's come now.' 'An* sure enough, the corp'ril man was walkin' to us hangin' his head down as though he was ashamed ay himself. ' ' Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez I, very cooL * 'Tis not for me to interfere wid your amoors — but you might manage these things wid more dacency. I'm off to canteen, ' I sez. 'I turned on my heel an* wint away, swearin' I wud give that man a dhressin' that wud ' sthop him messin' about the Married Quarters for a month an' a week. I had not tuk ten paces before Annie Bragin was hangin' onto my arm, and I cud feel that she was shakin' all over. ' ' Don't ye go, Mister Mulvaney !* sez ehe. 'You're flesh and blood at the least— arc ye not?1 ♦' * Fm all that,' sez I. an' my anger wint away in a Hush. * Will I want to be asked twice, Annie ?' \- 'Wid that I slipped my arm around her waist, for, bedad, I fancied ehe had sur rindered at discretion, an' the honours av war were mine. ^ -«*Whatn6nsinse is this?' sez she, dhrawin ierailf up on the tips av 'her dear little toes. * Wid thai (mother's milk not dhry on your im jddenf mftriSn Let go !' she sez. ''Didyenoteay juBt now that I -was flesh and blood s' aez I : ? I have not changed since.' I eez, an' I kep* my arm where ut was. ' ? Youraraj3,to yoursilf 1' sez abe an' her eyesjsparkledr ; ?-.'.. '-?.'... ??'?.. : ?' bare j'^s.pnly human nature,' ? sez .j ; an' Iken'jnyjarmVhereut was. ; ''Mature or no nature,' sez she, 'you take your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter ike nature of your head. Fwhat d'you take me ?ior ?' she eez. ''A woman,' s«2 I, 'the prettiest in 'bar- ricks.' ; %t'Aj wife,' eez she, 'the straighest in can IiUUIUUILS. ??? ?: ?' Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces and saluted, for I saw that she mintf what she eaid.' ' Then you know something that some men. would give a good deal to be certain of. How could you tell ?' I demanded in the interests of science. - . 'Watch the hand,' said Mulvaney. 'Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only make a fool av yoursilf avyou sthay... But av the hand lies open on the lap, or av you .see her thryin' to shut utan'she can't, go on! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I was sayin', I f ell back, saluted an' was goin' away. : ''Sthay_ wid me,' sez she. 'Look! He's ?eonim' again.' ' She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av impert'nince, the corp'ril man was comiu' out av Bragin's quarters. '* 'He'sdoae that these five evenin's past,' sea Annie Bvagin. ' 0 fwhat shall I do !' '' He'll not do nt again,' sez I, for I was fightin' mad. * Eape away from a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's died down. He rages like a brute beast. . '*I wint up to the man in the verandah, manin', as sure as I sit, to knock the We outav him. He slipped into the open. 'Fwhat are you doin' philanderin' about here, ye scum av the gutter?' sez I, polite, to give him bis warnin', for I wanted him ready.' ' ' He iiiver lifted his head, but sez all mourn ful and melancolius. as if he thought I wud be soory for him : * I cuu't find her,' sez he. ' ' My troth,' sez I, ' you've lived too long — you an' your seekiii' an' findin's iu a J.a.cect married woman's quarters! Hould up your head, yc frozen thie: av Genesis.' sez I, ''an' you'll fiud all you want an' more!' ' But he niver hild up' and I let go from the shoulder, where the hair is short over the eye brows. ' * That'll do your business,' sez I, but it nearly did mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit nothin' at all an' nearly put my shoulter out. The corp'ril man was not there, an' Annie Bragin, who had been watchin' from the verandah, thro wsup her heels and carries on like a cock whin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint baek to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Bragin, is more than a p'rade groun' full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, an' I stud like a stack calf, askin' her whether she was dead, an' prayiu' her, tor the love av me, an' the loveav her husband,, an' the love av the Virgin, to opin her blessed eyes again, air callin' mosilf names undhcr the canopy av Hivin forplaguin' her wid my miserable amoors whin. I ought to ha' stud betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his mess. . '*' I misremember fwhat nonsiiisa I said, but I was not so far gonu that I cud not hear a fut on the dirt outside. 'Twas Bragin comin' in, an' by the same token Annie was comin', too. I jumped to the far end av the verandah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me mouth. But Sirs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife that was, had tould Bragin about my hangin' 'round Annie. *' * That's bad hearin',' I sez, -an' I knew that the pickets were dhriveu in. ' What for, Sar gint r' sez I. ' * Come outside,' sez he, l an' I'll show you why.' ''I'm willin'.' sez I, 'but my stripes are none so ould that I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid ':' sez I. ' S« was a quick mrji slu.' a just, a.u' saw fwhat I wud be afther. ' Wid Mrs. Bragin's husband,* sez he. He might ha' known by nie askin' tliat favour that I had done him no wrong. * # * * ' c I wint to the back av the' arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to prevent him killin1 himself againstmy fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog — just froth ing wi-i rage: but he had no cbanst wid me in reach or learnin' or anything else. ♦' ' Will ye hear reason?' sez I whin his first wind was runniir out. ' * Not whoile I can see,' sez he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught whin he was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down ou the cheek-bone like the wing av a sick crow. ' ' Wili ye hear reason now, ye brave man ?' sez I. '; ' Not whoile I can speaks sez he, staggerin' up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swung into the jaw side on an' shifted ut a Half pace to the lef '. ' ' Will ye hear reason now r' sez I ; ' I can't keep my timper much longer, an' 'tis like I will hurt you.' ' ; Not whoile I can stand,' he mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him — blind, dumb an' sick ; an' jammed the jaw straight. ' ? You're an ould fool, Mister 3ragin.' sez I. ' * You're a young- tliief,' sez he, ' an' you've brak my heart, you an' Aiiuie betune you.' ' Thin he began cryin' like a child as he lay. I was sony as I had never been before. ;f is an awful thing to see a strong man cry. *' * I'll swear oa the cross I' sea I. ''I care for none av your oaths.' sez he. ' i Come back to your quarters,' sez I, * an' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. ' I hoisted him an.' tuk him back to his quarters. ' Mi's Bragiu,' eez I, ' here's a man that you can cure quicker than me.' ' '.You've slum ed me before my wife,' he whimpers. ' ' Have I so r» sez I. * By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I tliink I'm for a dhressiu- down worse than I gave you.' 'An' I was! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' mo like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-rooni bekase I wint into the corner Bhop an unstrapped lewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. ' Wbin nt was done for want av breath, an Annie was bendin' over her husband, I sez : ' 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're an honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?» 'As I finished epeakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandah an' Annie Bragin shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see his face. *' ' I can't find her, sez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff av a candle. u ' Saints stand betune us an] evul !' sez Bra gin crossin* himself. 'That's Flahy av the l^roae Bigmint.' ' ? Who was he,' sez I, ' for he has given me dale av fightin' this day.' ' Bragin tould us that Flahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera in. those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, huntiu' for her. ' * Well,' sez I to Bragin, ' he's been hoolrin out.ay Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry evenin' for the last fortnight. You may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's been talkin' to you, an' you've been .istenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ 1twist a man an' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, ' an' you've got a wife too good for you. Instid av which you hive her to be boddered by ghosts an' — an' all manner av evil spirals. I'll niver go talkin' in the way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good night to you both,' sez I. An' wid that I wint away, havin' fought wid woman, man au' divil in the heart av an. hour. An that's fourteen years gone ! Eyah! Cork's own city an' the blue sky above ut— an' the times that was — the times that was!' Rttdyaud KrrmfG. It would seem from the more recent dis coveries that the milk is the first thing about a diseased cow that is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever and garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formation of an extra amount of fibrin in the milk. We all know how sensitive milk is to outward in fluences. Why should it not be equally sensi tive to inward influences ? A fistula or eore of any kind which causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the blood to a greater or less extent, and it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, the milk must be loaded with the germs of the disease, as the blood has to all pass through the diseased organ. That it is so has been demon strated by feeding the' milk to young animals. Some stomachs may be strong enough to resist and destroy the disease germs, but who wants to take the chance ? If the milk were boiled it might destroy the germs. So cooking the meat , of diseased animals might destroy the disease germs in it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to say the least, that you are eating - what w«fi no rhaoased &a;!t $ou£ only salvation fjesinthecooldnft; ; 