SrilLLING liEFOHM. Salient Points o! tho Orthography Bill No* Bsfore Congress. The Fiftieth Congress is oonBidcring a bill for' an amended authegruphy,' whioh pro vides for q simplification of spelling. The bill proscribes that it shall t«ke effect upon all tbo eoboola of tbo Territories and those ol tho District of Columbia, and upon the Mili tarv and navnl academics and the Indian and oolorcd eoboola iu tho Territories. It declares, furthermore, that any officer, school director, committeo or teacher in control oi any school deecribed in thia act, who shall rofuse or neglout to oomply with the require ments of tho aot shall be removed from offioe. The bill begins by enaoling that '-tho fol lowing amended orthography shall bo re cognised aa coircct.' The orthography re ferred to ia grouped under the following twelve heads: First : The silent e shall be dropped when phonetically u&tlues;, aa in aro, granite, eaten, rained, harken and so forth. Writo er for ro, as in theater, meter, eaber and bo forth. Seoond : Drop a from ea, having the sound of e, as in feather, leather and so forth. Third : Drop ofrom co, having the sound of o, as in jeopardy, leopards and so forth. Fourth : For o having tho Bound of a write u in above (abuv), dozen, some (sum), tongue (tun?), and tho hkc. Fifth : Drop o from ou, having the sound of u, as in journal, nouriEh, rough (ru(), 1 trouble, tough (tui), and tho liko. Sixth : Drop eilunt u after g, beford a and I in nutive English words ; drop final ue, aa in I guarantee] i;uurd, gutus, gueut, guilt and 60 forth ; apologue, oataloguo and so forth ; demagogue, pedagogue and oo forth; league, harangue, tonguu (tung), and so forth, Saveuth ; Double consonants shall bo sim plified. Final b, d, g, n, r, t, f, 1, z, as in ebb, add, cpg, inn, purr, butt, bailiff, dull, buzz, andio forth. Medial bofore another consonant, as batilo, ripple, written (vvritn), and so forth. luitial unaccenied prefixes, and other uu accented eyllubles ua iu abbreviate, bccqso, affair, and so forth ; ourvcttiug, traveller, and so forth, Eight : Change d and ed, final, to t when eo pronounced, as in orossod (croei), looked (lookt), and so forth; unleaa the o nlfcota the preening sound, as in chafed, chanccd. Niuth : Change a to z in distinctive words, aa in abuse, verb ; houso, verb ; rise, verb and ao forth. Eleventh : Drop t in oatoh, witch, and so forth. Twelfth : Change tbo spollingin the follow ing worda : Ako (ache), anker (anchor), beuty (beauty), couil (could), whole (hole), parlament (narliamcut), icecit (rcucipt), rimo (rhyme), sous (seen!), sitho (scythe), wimen (women), yomtn (jeomon) ; crop silent b in bomb, crumb, debt, doubt, dumb, lamb, limb, numb, plum, subtle, succumb, thumb; change c back to e in cinder, cxpeuoo, fierce, hence, onco, pence, scarce, since, source, thenoa, tierce, whcnco ; drop tho h of ch in chamo milo, choler, cholera, melancholy, school, stomaoh ; drop g in feign, foreign, sovereigo; drop h in aghast, burgh, ghost ; drop gh in haughty ; though (tho), through (thru); drop s in aisle, demesne, island ; P/ovidid, That tho foregoing rules ahull not apply to proper namca. And provided further , that where ambiguity would result from the uso of the said rules the old form may bo retained. 'I am a strolling player,' groaned a seedy looking fellow to a gentleman on a country road, ' and do not ask for money, but only somo left-off clothos.' ' My good fellow,' rojoined the latter ' I am sorry I oan't assist you. Times are now eo bad that I wear my left-off olothes myself.' ' My daughter Ann takes a great interest in cesthetioa,' observed Brigga to Squal dig. 'She could just put you to sleep talking about high art.' 41 1 seo,' replied Squaldig; ' coathetio.Aon becomes an ana^thstio.' Maud (reading titlo of picture) : ' *A Hunt ' for a Leech. What kind of animaj do you suppose a leeoh is, Clara ?' Clara (doubtfully) : ' Oh, I don't knowi something like a fox, I should think,' Alarmed padestrian (picking up a painter at the foot of a ladder) : ' My poor man, are you hurt muoh?' Painter: ' Only threo ribs brokeu. But I went down with colors flying, didn't 1 ?' Wife (looking up from her book): 'You know a great many things. John. Now what do you think should be done in the case of drowning t' Husband: Have a funeral, of courso,' Mrs. Arlington (just married) 'The goose liver you loft here yesterday was excellent. Let me have another. But of the same goose, miud. My husband is very par ticular.' oXc fat a very late hour, with deep tender : ncss: 30*7 can I leave thee?' Sho: 'Why, really, Ulr. SJayor, I can't tell you. I wiBh toheajsu I could,' Mamma: 'Edith^ nyou tell me what faith?' y. | Edith (aged six ?Wr«): 'X)h, yoa j it ia believing wLftt yonrfcnow isn't truel' She (vindicti^iy) : ' You need not hope to rsoape m^fthus. The wounded heart never forgets/ I shall follow you to your grave.' He (with bravado) : ' Not if you die first.' '**' Tho world is not a raoeoourso or a b attle field or a prize- fight. It is a plaoo in which eaoh man is given hin own sphere to oooupy and hie own duty to do ; and if that ophere bo ocoupicd honorably and that duty dono well, every man iB undoubtedly a viator and a ' fit Burvivor.' To ho able to ondure honest and kind oriticism requires quito ab muoh wisdom ae to bo ablo to mako hottest and wise oiiti ?itm 