STJMMAEI. Cup , To-day. , "Early Bird" .Tips Wliimbrel, And that horse ' Must run well up. Nominations for East Sydney to-day. Tho telephone system is to bo extended to Mavrickvillu. Mr. S. Hordern has refused £20,000 for Nurdonfeidt. Whimbrei is now tho popular fancy of the tipsters for the Oup. Tho final forfeit for tho V.R.C. Oaks is due to-morrow at 11 a.m. .Tad jo Macfarlnno resumed duty yester" day at tho District Court. Chid Kyan. is willing to fight Martin Denny in Melbourne if a good purse is put up. Nearly all tho municipalities are stouo broke. And under blessed free-trade, too. Marrickvillo aldermen are going to have a crematorium to dispose of house refuse, &c.; Mr. Abigail says depositors in the Aus tralian Bunking Co. will not looso a penny. A model of Nelson's "ship, the Victory named," will bo exhibited at the World's Fair. Dawson was virtually beaton by Williams in tho first round: of the fight on Saturday night. Swordbenrcr was not injured by his fall in the Derby, and his party like bis chance for tho Cup. Parkes may bamboozle most people, but the Marrickvilla aldermen have' got his proper measure. Fourteen thousand people returned by rail l'roin Flemingtou to Melbourne 011 Saturday after tho races. Thoroughly friendly relations have been established between tho Sydney and Melbourne Gynma3tio Clubs. The Prince of Wales lias all but decided to go to Chicago. Poker is tho favjrito game in tho United States. A mile in 3!) S-Ssco., is tho record put up by a railway engine and train on the road out of Philadelphia (U.S.) Pigeontoo will have to carry only Cst. 121b. in tho Cup, his wins adding 51b. to his original allotment of list. Tib. Writers in English reviews are disoussing the possibility of the Chinese at some future day overrunning tho world. Tho various municipalities are olamoring for coin. And Parkos promised years ago to bring about general prosperity. The English Jewish Relief Fund amounts to £63,000. Thoro is no Christrian Relief Fund account open for Loudon poor. Mnrrickville Council consider it a fair thing that the Premier should grant an endowment of 10s. in the £ to municipalities. Alderman Webster (Murrickville) expresses the hope that Dibbs will give them a Local Government Bill or an equivalent. Chirldy Ryan is to bo matched against a brother of Tommy Williams to light for a good purse in Melbourne at 1111 early date. The owner of Pigeontoe has laid off his early wagers at a pr eo which puts £'8000 in his packet whether the horse wins or loses. Goddard and Jackson will meet on a date to bo fixed and deuirlu in the Sydney Club for a purse of £1000 which' is the better man. Hans Erickson, while smoking, picked up a powder keg to see how muoh there was in it. He will never know. A spark fell in the keg. Alderman Cook (Marriolcvillo) was shooked to hear a brother alderman giving Parkes a charge of saltpetre, instoad of murmoluding him. Griffo and Chiddy Ryan have boon engaged by Frank Clark, and will appear with tho Folly Company in Melbourne for a short season. I like your Ale hotter than English. Testi mony just received as to quality of Toohey's Bottled Ale. " Toddy Power says ho will win the Cup on Annesley.. Other jookoys want to know what they will be doing while he is raoing for the £19,900; . Dawson is not satisfied with his defeat at tho. Hands of Tommy Williams, and another mat '-h is being arranged to take plaoe in Sydney. . Angthor.gnn.hos .been invented, whieh can firu'nino'shots in two seconds. One man in the fork of a treo would bo a regiment with this weapon. The Victorian rainmaker now operating in America made a failure at Cheyenne owing to a thunderstorm breaking the clouds up before lie could get to work. Ilallam, a Tasmanian oyclist, rode from Perth to Bridpewater (100 miles) in seven hours thirty-nino.minutes on Saturday, putting- up an Australasian road record. The announcement of Madame Melba'a divorce case is causing a sensation in Paris. The news of her death would not have caused any sensation three years ago. A few who went to Melbourne wearing gold chains and split-second chronographs wifl go round with a tin watch tied to d bootlace for a while after they come back. A maze is to be constructed at the World's Fair in which a person may bo instantly lost and uniiblo to got out. This would be a good place into whieh to inveigle a dun. Messrs. T. Waddell, W. \V.: Davis, J. L. Parsons, and A. G. Taylor are mentioned for . the vacant seat at Bonrko. There will be further entries for the Patrios Stakes. General Harrik) U.S.A., has finished a book giving the account of tho assassination of President Lincoln, and charging Jefferson Davis with encouraging the assassin. At a recent flogging in North Carolina the Eublic were admitted at a shilling eaoh, and _ alf tho gate money wen t to the prisoners. This is a somewhat startling innovation. Owing to the scarcity of food in Russia foal8 are selling at a shilling each. Thoy ought to be worth moro than that to the owners to eat. Foal and veal taste pretty much the Buine. Premier Rudini has been consulting Lord Salisbury as to whether Australia would like a few thousand Italian emigrants. He will, je haps, allow us a word or two on that . topic. Henry M. Stanley proposes to take another expedition to Cangoland. It may be men tioned that lie is married, and the maternal parent of his better half has lived with tbem for some time. A practical joker at Windsor has been frightening people by playing ghost. A few of tho residents are laying for him, and will make a gliost of him if they get him within range of a shotgun. The religious press of England warns tho Prince of Wales that his conduot excites deep emotion among tho working classes, and ad vises l-iin to out the Trauby Croft connection short off where it is. Influenza Cure : Colemnne and Son's Eucalypti) Extract. Patronised by Earl Jersey. Only one tender was sent in to tho Treasury for the construction of a steamer to replace the Captain Cook, The freo-tradera should muke use of this as an argument in support of their political professions. 'At an American revival meeting last month a number of women went to a field and burned their corsets, declaring they would die as God made them. Of corsets idle to suppose they will stay without them. Franco is evidently anxious to fight. Zola, writing in Figaro, says German v's beBt days are over; but " Franco surviving Sedan, and drawing strength from defeat is invincible." William will hear something drop directly, Sarali Bernhnrdt's son and his wife are with her in America. The divino ono should be a delightful mother-in-law and a charming grandmother, particularly if she felt disposed to play with the baby and her pet snakes and tigers at the same time. James Jupp was driving along tlio road near Mudgeo on Saturday, when his horse fell dead. Jnmes was thrown out of tho vehicle and his leg broken. Ho spliced it up with a piece of gnm hark and somo rope and courageously walked into town. N.B.— It was a wooden log. " Hidden Springs," by tho late Dr. Vaughan, Is. Id. (post free). Finn Bros, and Co., 08ti Geo. go-street. M lion vour watches, clocksor jowellory want ri nils try Ii. B. Smith cv Hansen, 10 Oxford-ac. Adam Bode, the original promoter and only fair way of drawing. Melbourne, November 3rd, 1891, 50,000 at 10. Address, AdamBede, c.o. Abbott, Post-ollice-chaitibers, Sydney. Tattersall's Monster Consultation, Warwick Farm, run November 21st. 10,000 at 10. Addrt.'s Tattersall, care of G. Adams, Pitt- street, Tattersall's are the only genuinely successful consultations iu the colonies. 