FUGITIVE NOTES. We have not had an awakening of the Russian scare for a long time now, and have almost come to think that the boat had gone to sleep. It is satisfactory, therefore, to learn that the Russian armies are again infusing-that is the term on the Austrian frontier. It is not stated what the object is of this sudden outbreak of hostile intentions; but that is not of material consequence We dare say a reason will be found for it by-and-by. In fact the military and militant correspondents in the East of Europe have been rather remiss of late, or they have possibly removed to other spheres of usefulness, the scheme of war-making by paper pollols not having been particularly successful of late One of them has apparently got loose again, and is taking his morning walks abroad on the Galician frontier, and has BB the ghost. As the relations of Austria and Russia have been rather pacific, the correspondent regiments has probably made a mistake in his point of departure j and over in the Caspian direction, or away about Herat or Armenia, or some where there, he might have found those activities of Russian movement which to the practised eye of the military correspondent are the sure prelude of war. However, we must be content with what we get as an instalment, and as an encouragement to think that the military correspondent is not really dead, and that he has his eagle eye once more fixed on the boar. A rather promising field is also presented in the recent death of convicts to Vladivostock far away in the Pacific coast. There has gone with them a lot of soldiers, to say nothing of the transports and convoys, and this can mean nothing short of an intended swoop down on Australia or some place else Can it be that the lull in the Koch excitement has set free a number of useful men who had been recalled from scenes of prospective blood and thunder to the premier city of counting microbes ? At any rate, it is gratifying to find that the sinister intentions of Russia are not to be wholly ignored, and that the mobilisation and massing of Russian armies have been only awaiting the attention which had been directed elsewhere, and that when the public appetite has parted with microbes and labour troubles, there is always the old standing dish of Russian aggression to fall back on when occasion requires, . in That marriage is not a failure has been incontestably proved by the Englishman in France, who has married 43 times, and has seemingly been only interrupted in his enterprise by the in- convenient interference of the police. Those that have been proclaiming the doctrine that the institution of marriage shows signs of passing into desire peace must have received a nasty jar from such an occurrence, for not only in the case of that gentleman himself do we see the production for the union of souls in an entirely unabated form, but that 48 susceptible boards were only awaiting the fitting occasion for blazing forth with the old fire shows that the female nature is still unchanged. When we hear the puerile complaints of men that they cannot find helpmates, and they resort to advertising and matrimonial agencies in their efforts to escape from their disconsolate position of loneliness, we must conclude that the fault is only in themselves and their methods, for this terrible fellow has gone on conquering and to conquer, despite the shyness and the shrinking of coy maiden, to say nothing of the caution of inquiring relatives, which has given occasion for the remark that the course of true love never does run smooth. There is, of course, everything in the way of going about one's objects, and this man must have wasted no time in wooing, but gone about the business in a methodical and determined way that laughed at obstacles. It is not, of course, advisable that a man should always push his advantages to each an extreme, but it will be a pity if this enterprising conqueror of female hearts should be allowed to pass into obscurity, or have his light hidden in a prison cell, without the world being enlightened as to how he did it, and by what peculiar fascination he was able to bring 4.3 proud maidens to his feet As an illustration of psychic force, or whatever it was, his case is a singularly interesting one; and as there is nothing now affecting the social welfare of the community that does not command attention, and as marriage is indubitably at the foundation of all social as well as domestic well being, the secret of this man's success should be known, so that the diffident might be assured that there is really no insuperable difficulty in the way to the blest estate of matrimony, . 9 a in The suddenness with which the " Commonwealth has been sprung on the people of Australia as the designation of their future nationality is no proof that it will be ultimately adopted. The pros and cons of the case have no doubt been strongly put, and after all it will seem to many that there is nothing in a name. But in this time there will be one inconvenience, the objection to which has perhaps not suggested itself, that is, that it will necessitate the continuance of the term the " colo- nies," Inapt as that term has became in our altered circumstances, it has served a useful purpose as a single designation for the dependencies of England as distinguished from the mother country. We speak of the relations of England and the colonies, and as a term it has well served the purpose of a general description. Had we adopted the term Dominion, and other portions of the Empire, in confederating together, had followed, as they might have been expected to do, the example set by Canada and Australia, then " Great Britain and the Dominions " would have been formed an expression as bandy for discussion as it would have been dignified and picturesque Of course the Empire of India has always been a refractory term in these relations, but it has been got over in a more or less clumsy fashion by saying "the Colonies and India," But the oumbrousnosB of the nomenclature will now be increased, and in any inclusive reference we shall in future have to speak of " England and the Dominion and Commonwealth, and "-what over other bizarre description the future confedera- tions may take 2 or, what is much more likely, we shall in ordinary parlance just fall back on the old form and speak of " the colonies," This may seem a very trivial evil to those who overlook the fact that it is the little things of life that are most commonly with IIB, and influence our ways ; but the diversity of appellation will be a distinct and over present inconvenience, and in the process of events it have a more disintegrating tendency on the Empire than at first sight might appear. . * * * It is perhaps a perilous thing to suggest to woman any further ground of grievance against the tyrant man, but it is strange that she has not raised her voice in official protest against the slight that has been put upon her from time immemorial by the English language itself. The copious, and expressive character of that tongue is the proud boast of every Briton-, for, formed BBH is from a variety of sources, it seems calculated to meet almost every want in the expression of human thought, and yet in the one particular of the possessive pronoun it distinctly ignores the fairer half of creation, or at least, horrible tZiefii ! places them on the level with the boast of the field. " Everyone has his rights " falls trippingly from our tongue, in utter oblivion that woman has her rights, and that she is included in the form " everyone," A Blovonly writor, induced perhaps by carelessness, or by a chivalrous regard for woman, might say " everyone has their rights," but he is scouted out of society as an offender against the proprietors of the English language. Even if we extended the sphere of comprehension, and spoke of everything that lives and breathes, we should say that " every living being has his rights," thus placing women and the other inferior animals on the same level, unless indeed, we dragged man down from his pinnacle of superiority to the same level, and said every living being has " its " rights. It is, of course, a legacy of the times when woman was nowhere as a factor in life ; but, as she is now everywhere, and has ties indefatigably, it is a surprising thing that she has not risen in her wrath against such a standing and palpable grievance. Even the achievements who has won in modern times seem to serve her not, for, though women rule a number of nations now in Christendom, we speak in a general way of " the monarch on his throne " and of his privileges and prerogatives unless we are called to order, and reminded that one monarch on her throne has the grandest record of greatness of all the monarchs in the world. When we see the manner in which woman has seized upon our hats and collars, and walking-sticks, and waistcoats and coals, and even in the divided skirt has come as near as she durst to depriving us of every distin- gunshots symbol of our proud pre-eminence, it does seem passing strange that she should so long have neglected the possessive pronoun. It is something, indeed, to be able to throw this at her, and to remind her of the low estate out of which, notwithstanding her high-heeled boots, she has been unable to raise herself and we cannot help being proud of the grand old English language which has hitherto looked with calm disdain on the form nine efforts that are everywhere else at work to revolutionise the established order of society. It written to a daring innovation to suggest, as a, duty devolving on Australia, to clear away some of the rubbish that cumbers around the very earliest foundations on which the now nationality will be built. It is usual to leave to posterity to restore the character of those who have been wronged in their time, and history is sooner or later not un- just to those who have taken a prominent part in the events of their day, even though they have suffered sorely at the hands of their contemporaries. But in the fearful story of the founding of Australia there were many who blended only as units of society and passed away leaving but a name and a memory stained by the character of the early settlement ; yet were they sufferers in the cause of humanity and in defence of principles now honoured in England as in Australia. This is a burning memory that England has given to these colonies, and though England is heartily sorry now for the Iroatmontl once given to political offenders, it is hardly right that all should pass away into oblivion without some formal recognition of the wrong that was done, It is not of those who transgressed principles of morals and of equity between man and man, which. are eternal, that we have to speak. But how many a man, of whom his age was hardly worthy-for this mere offence of being before his time, and being filled with aspirations after liberty and justice to all his fellow- men waa consigned to a felon's doom, because he dared to raise his voice against the tyranny of power. Such as these were true martyrs to the cause of humanity and truth, for they scaled their testimony, if not with their blood, with a tjuQoring that was often worse than death. That bitter resentment should be felt against the country and the laws which did those wrongs would not be an unnatural sentiment in Australia, among all those who are not wholly under the influence of base and selfish sentiments ; but the authors of these wrongs as well as their victims have long passed away, and humanity which regrets the injustice will say let their memory rest. But as it is the fashion to speak of the early history of Australia with reserve, as a sort of tacit recognition of dishonour, it would not be an unworthy historical incident in connection with the rearing of the new Commonwealth. is the names of those were singled out who owed their exist in Australia to the wrong done them by society and if not for the sake of their own memory alone, but for the sake of those who bear their names, England and Australia both united in erecting a monumental tribute of regret and reparation to men who were in their way inspired by as noble and heroic impulses as even were he His grim ffntho'i'B of America A. B. 0. 