The Xatest Mystery' at the Egyptian Hall. MB. MASKEI/TNE, who has done more than any man of his time to expose the mere trickery and charlatanism of Spiritualism and the occult sciences, was not likely to leave the baser part of Theosophy and Mdme. Blavatsky alone. ' He boldly declares on the platform that Mdme. Blavatsky " precipitated " letters iii the East by the simple expedient of confederates and cracks through a wooden ceiling, and he asserts that Mdme. Blavatsky was unable to do in tho West what she did in the East, for' the very simple reason that here we have lath and-plaster ceilings and no cracks. But when it comes to success in " precipitating," Mr. Maskelyne claims that he can do things "as wonderful, and to laymen as inexpli- cable, as anything done by any amount of Mahatmas in Thibet." They can only precipitate letters and objects ; he can precipitate a human being, and he proceeds to do it with a very elaborate version of the well-known " vanishing trick," the germs of which were shown by Hobert Houdin in England over forty years ago. Briefly, Mr. Maskelyne puts the case thus: "I perform tricks; the Theosophists believe in miracles. You, who look on, can- not explain either the one or the other.' You tug,deceived.. t "Why, then,' should the Theo- sophists' miracles have more . mystery . at- tached to them than my tricks, which to you who look - on are inexplicable P Strip the mystery from one and the illusion from the other, and you find in both-a simple trick.' A small raised platform is placed upon the stage, and at each corner of this platform, upon which an armchair rests, is an upright brass rod down which slides a geeen baize curtain enabling the occupant of tho chair to be concealed momentarily from view. Between the platform upon which the chair rests and the real br stage platform there is a clear space, and in order that it may not be supposed that this space is provided with a looking-glass, as in the Pepper's ghost illus- ion, Mr. MaBkelyne's assistants walk round the structure, and show that tho lower parts of their legs can clearly be seen by tho audience on the other side. Moreover, a committee of persons among the audience are invited on tho platform, and a young man having taken his seat in the chair he is strapped into it, and one of the members of the audience holds the end of a strap while another holds the protruding hand of the sitter. Presently the gentleman who holds tho sitter's hand is requested to put into it a heavy iron magnet. Tho hand is seen to grasp the magnet, and all is in readiness. Tho green baize curtains are drawn. Imme- diately the hand lets fall tho magnet with a loud bang on tho stage, and at the same time the strap which ÍB being hold at the opposite corner, gives way, and is found to be quite loose in the hand of ' the person holding it. All this takes but a second or two, and the curtains are drawn up again ; whereupon, hey prosto 1 the figure in the armchair has disappeared from his place of concealment in full view of both audience and committee of inspection. In another minute the " preci- pitated" person is seen coming for the back of the audience, ho walks up to the platform and is received with tumultuous applause. Mr. Maskelyne is assisted in the invention of his new mystery, called " Oh ! 1" by Mr. Charles Morritt, who is one of the neatest professors of the art of sleight-of-hand that London has over seen. He is quicker, more alert, and deceptive than Hermann, who is probably tho best " palmist" of our time. : 