PiiMhlieil cccnj Weineiday anil Saturday. SATU1IDAY, JULY Si, 1S01. A kew dnj-B ago, at a meeting convened at St. Mary'i for the purpose, it was decided to establish a co-operative dairy company, Tho capital of tho company was fixed at £2000 In 2000 shares of £ 1 each. At a meeting of the Latrobe Chamber of Commerce on Alonday last the Idea mis mooted that it would be advantageous to the farmers in the district to establish n cheese and butter factory, by which they could combine nnd have the benefit uf all the latest Improved machinery for the manufacture of butter and cheese which if properly prepared would certainly prove remunerative to all interested. A short time kick we referred at some length to the desirableness uf the farmers on this part of the Coast carrying out a similar scheme, and suggested Wynyard as tho most suitable place to try the experiment, nnd would again urge upon farmers the great advantages derivable from n co-operatf»o, dairying company. In referring to this matter our Latrobe contemporary makes thu following remarks, which we thoroughly en dorse and commend to the earnest cousldora tion of farmers on this part of the N.W. Caist:— 'As a rule the agricultural com munity are xntisticd with their lot, and in the majority of Instances perfect fndtfforence to any new schemes for the Improvement of their position will cenemll.v be found the rule and not the exception. That the position of the Tasmania!! farmers has not yet reached tho height of perfection cannot be gainsayed. yet in bow few ln.-tunces are farmers found devutliiK any of their time t' their Improve ment comni'ircially, or studying how, by attempting additional undeltakii.p, their farms iray Iw Improved, nnd their position elevated. Generally *pmklng this highly desirable clasi of -cttlcrs Is exceedingly diffident nt attempting anything thcnucivcs, and it Is frequently found that they are nl»o equally cautious, and at times disappointing anil Indifferent In following others In uny now ventures in connection with agriculture. From time to time efforts have been made by tho press of the colony to nrouae thu farmers to n sunsu of their position, by pointing out tho!-u* for improvement, hut unfortunately with little result, and unless some prcssuru'Is brought to hear those In* tcrcstcd lufflt directly In tho prosperity of tho ill«Mptrtyi iiumlnatii Inclination to jog along ns ;Uioy.aro Is too frequently the fault of tho bucollo settler, .... How often nt present do tho farmers buy their butter and clicpsu from the storekeepers when they could, with Tory little trouble, supply them selves with this commodity, and earn » few shillings weekly from the »alo of thu surplus ? A co-opomtlYO ohcete nnd butter factory established in tho IuUrcsts of tho farmers would in our opinion, be a rnovo In tho right dlrootloii, nnd wo hope to bco such unime somo tangible form In the near future,' The matter Is well worth taking in Iinud »t once, as numerous instances of tho good returns derived from a well condiiotcd co. opemtlvo butter factory In thoothor colonies can be quoted. Additional Inducements offer for the establishment of such on this coast, and especially nt Wynyard or Stanley, as an almost unlimited market Is nt hand at tho- West Coast silver Fields', 'which mill bo rendered more easy of access than at present with the accomplishment of railway com munication from Waratah, nnd this may now almost bo looked upon as a certainty, Wo hopo to see some of the farmers In the district move in tho direction of tlio forma tion of a co-operative dairying company, and would also commend the matter to the consideration of tho Table Cape Agricultural and Pastoral Society. A iTF.lkqram appearing In another part of this issue from our correspondent ill Hobart convoys the satisfactory intelligence that the Government have decided to at once construct' a saeond telegraph wire from Waratah.to Zeehnn. or rather continue the copper wire recently Btrctehcd from Laun cc»ton''to Waratah. This li a work that should havo been carried out months ago, the great amount of telegraphic business done with the centre of tho Western Silver Fields— Zcehan— nud tho necessity for pro viding better facilities for all towns West of Lnunceston getting their messages through direct, instead of having to send them sll to Launceston to await their turn, as has been tho cuitom in tho past, fully warantlng the expenditure and additional convenience. For nbout 12 months pant an almost con tinual agitation has been carried on, both in the columns of this journal anil tho residents of Burnio ami Waratah, for the erection of the second wire, but a. deaf car lias been turned to nil arguments in favour of the pet schemo of tho Premier's, Wo tho Ousc, which Mr. Fjfih told the Hon Adye Douglas, in thu Legislative Council last session, tho Go vernment wero determined to carry out ' unlcis the Council specially forbad it' The work was gone on with, and the result was that tliQ first contractors— at £18 a mile, 'labour only — threw up the contract when reaching Mount Arrowsmith, 55 miles from the Ouse; the remaining portion —70 miles, estimated— luis been let at £.Hb per mill.', labour only, but little progress has been made, nnd it is doubtful whether the present contractor will be able to complete tho work at the price. So far nbout 20 miles have been done from Mount Arrow smith, nnd the work appears to be at a standstill, or nearly so. But tho Govern ment appear to have nt last realised, what everyone else saw months ago, that the shortest and cheapest way would bo to con tinue the line from Lnunccston via Wnratnh, nnd since having decided have lost no time in commencing the work. A ton of wire, several bundles of brackets, and some cases of insulators, pins, etc, arrived hero by the Herbert on Thursday, anil will be forwarded to Waratah this morning. Four gangs of men nre to be put on— One starting nt Warn tah f. one from Corinna to Waratah ; one from Corinna to Zechan j and one from Zcchari to Corlnnn. The work will be under the charge of Mr. Smith, nnd It Is expected that the lino will be ready for use by tho first of September at the latest, and it is thought that the cost will not be more than £15 per mile. The additional wire from Launceston toWaratah cost £10 per mile, but the country between Waratah and Zeehan is more difficult and the cost of transit of material, etc., more ex pensive: We understand that it is intended to erect a telegraph office at GodUn's ns well as nt. Heazlcwood without any Ion of time, in connection with the duplication of the line from Wnratah to Zcehan. From our Hobart correspondent we learn that on Wednesday lost the Hon. Win. Moore, M.L.C., Mr. C. B. M. Fenton and Dr. M'Cnll, M's.H.A., and Captain Wm. Jones, of Burrilc, Interviewed the Mlnisterof Lands and Works with reference to tho widening nnd clearing of the track cut by Mr. Strong, from Zcehan to Wnratah, In connection with the survey of the proposed railway. Mr. Fiuclmm, Engincer-ln-Chlcf ,was also present. The members of the deputation pointed out to tho Minister the urgent necessity for pro viding a better ami shorter route than the present, for driving stock and for the use of travellers, etc. It should bo mentioned that Mr. C. J. Mackenzie, 5I.H.A., had previously Interviewed Mr. Pilllngcr on the same sub ject. Tho Minister of Lands nnd Works was favourable to the request of the deputation, and telegraphed instructions to Mr. C. K. Sheard, Resident Engineer for the Jforth IV'cst- Co.wt, to expend a further Bum of £1)00 In hand for improving the track ; and on receipt of a report from Mr. Shcard ns to the probable cost of doing what Is required to improve the track sufficiently, Including a bridge or punt at tho junction of tho .Mackintosh nnd Huiklssdn rivers, Mr. Pil llugor has promised to provide a sum for carryinu out the work. TUa first public announcement and particulars of the track cut by Jlr, Strong appeared In these columns on .Inly Ir., nnd it Is gratifying to learn that be advantages claimed for it as a means of communication from Waratah tn the West Coast Silver Fields havu been appreciated. From further Inquiries made It Is ctrtnln that thu dlstiiid from Wnmtnh to Kcolum will not lie more than IW miles, and we would ngnln urge upon thu Government tlvu. dralmblenraH of currying out tho work of Improving tho track without any unnecessary delay. The stock drivers' nud thu eat lie have anything but a pleasant time uvur tho present ilaHgerous mule from Zm'linn tn Wuratnh, nml thorn |h not iv mob goes through without somaof tho .number being lost or killed before reaching tholr destina tion!' but this would be obviated by using Mr, Strong's truck, .. But perhnps tin most important reason for' at oneo completing tlio track Is that Zieliau mails could: bo curried through by its uso in two days, Instcnd of occupying four days as nt present. This in Itsolf Is n sufficient reatou for everything being dono to Improve tlio track sufficiently with all possible despatch, which mo trust Will ba dono. , -. » -.-?.- '' 11 A Hill to consolidate anil Amend tho Law relating to Town Hoards,' which repeals 'The Town Hoards Aot, 1884,' nnd tho Amending Aoii of. 1885 and ' 1880, Is n measure which will bo brought before Par liament for its 'approval, tills scsilon. No alteration, has. been, mailo from tha prttscnt Act In thu provisions, prot'idli'ig for tho for mation of a town, nor with icspcct to the duties of town boanli. The , latter shall consist of five or seven members, as the Qoveroor-ln-Councllrtnay direct, but on petition the number, of members of a town board may be Incniscd from five to seven* Under the new Dill] town boards will haw their powers considerably extended, as it is provided that they limy exorcise all tho powers conferred on fiiuiiicipalltlcs by ' Tho Police Act, 1805 ' (except those in sections 231) and 200); may 'construct .wharves and jetties, and control thu :use of nnd'traffio on them [may orect market, buildings, wclgh bridget, ic, and frame by-laws' for their regulation j may construct waterworks, 'piovidc drainage, establish fire brigade*, light streets, comtruct 'baths, purchase land for recreation-! tfrouhdf, erect libraries, museums, hospitals, clurlUble schools, lea, jTho foreglng gives town boanls very compre hensive powers, »nd will enable them to carry out almost any works which may be required. To provide funds foVthc same, under the consolidated bill town boanls may levy a rate not exceeding 1/0. in the £ on tho annual value or Id. III. tlio £ on the capital value : and also a road rate not cxcccdim; 1/. In the£ on the annual value or Id. in tho £ on the capltnl'value. Provision is nlso mode for levying'! separate rate on any properties within a denned area to which special advantages accrue from tho carrying out of public works by the town bonnl. It is also provided that town boanls may lease properties, tho money derived by so doing to be devoted to tho payment of rates due upon such properties, which appears to be a very necessary provision especially us regards properties owned by ' absentees.' For the purpose of carrying out any - works for tho jnlat benefit of two or more town boards, such (wards' may combine, but each bonnl wllionly be liable for its pro portion of the cost. No alteration from the present provisions Is made with rcgan'. to the nmount of money a town board may barrow. The chulrmnn of a board mny be pnld a salary, but members nre debarred from holding an office of profit under a boanli excepting the treasurer. It Is also further provided that town boanls shall appoint n certain newspaper, in which all bonnl notices shall appear. The consoli dating bill consists of 180 clnuscs, all of which will no doubt receive careful considera tion when tho measure is before Parliament. Dubino tho past few days wo have received several letters from subscribers in various parts of the coast complaining of the non receipt of their copies of ' Tho Wellington Times.' While we regret that nny of our subscribers should be disappointed in this manner wo are unable at present to explain the cause of the) papcraainiscarrylng. Th« utmost possible care Is always taken with the writing of the addresses for tho papers, nil of whlchare Carefully checked after being written. Wo hnvo written to the secretary of the Post-oflce, Hobart, with reference to the matter, and we can assure our subscribers that every precaution will .continue to be oxerciscd oniour part to prevent a repetition of the mistakes complained of . . ? LAnoKTT.— At the Police Court yesterday, before Mr. A. K. Chapman,' S.M., nnd Mr. W. R. Bell, J.P., the case'PoHco v. Sergeant was heard. Defendant was charged with larceny from tho' person nt Bnrnic on the 20th inst. The evidence stated that on the night in question accused anil a man named Clifford were on a drinking bout together, tho former stating that he had £.*, in his purse nt tho time J. later that night Seivcnnt left Clifford and went to another hotel where ho cashed n half sovereign. Thu next day nt Waratah lie also spent £1/10/. and gnve £2 to Mr. Strong, who had engaged him to work at track cutting. When, arrested de fendant liad 14/1) in his pockets. Amongst tho witnesses for tho police were two from Wnrstnli, Messrs. O'Neill and G. Alexander The bench dismissed the case ns Micro was no cridcncc to show that thu accused took the money from Cllilord, or that lie did not have It In his possession before the time the larceny was said to have been committed, which the defendant claimed to have been The HniGiiTox Election'. — News was received yestcnlay afternoon from Hobart by telegram to the effect tliat the Brighton election case Mugllston v. Dillon had been decided by tho Full Court In favour of Air. Mugllston, Mr. Dillon to pay all costs. We understand that Mr. Mugllston will not con test the election for the vacant seat, but that Mr. Clark, the solicitor for Mr. Dillon in the recent action will be a candidate. . Dividing Eleotoiiates — At Lutrobc on Wednesday last a meeting was held tn con sider tho re-distribution of Parliamentary seats in Devon. There nils n good attend ance and It was resolved to recommend that the whole of Devon should bo divided Into four single electorate. Similar steps should be taken in the district of Wellington nt an early date to forwanl some recommendations to the Ministry with reference to a re distribution of -icat«.( The increnjtng im portance of the mining portion of the electorate requires special and separate representation, und tho matter Is* one re quiring attention before tho proposal bill is introduced this session. Bazaah.— Tim llnstaurii aid or tlio funds (if thu Biimlo llrass llrtiil, fur tliu pun-luus of uniforms, whs continual on Wednesday ovunliig and was an hiiiiinlllli.il success. The total prat-ccd« nmoiiitcil In .CNS/IO/S which will leave, after puyinK expenses, iilioul .0.77 or .C7H to ho luid'ed to tin' band fluids. The result of tin midiii'tnkinir Is gratifying In tho hlghi* ih- greu in nil who were connected with It, Int. especially to all tlio Indies who worked lard t ? .to Illo baranr tho great success It was. There worn a good many articles not d uposcd of on Wed nesday night, iiml it Is (m intention of the committee, to hold a klndU ?? ??icnriiiir sale' of nil tho contributions in some evening curly next month, whcntfqw uncompleted rallies will nl«o jro got. olf.' We suppose that ill a short time now tho members of thu band will havo their unl.WniH, anil wo feel sure evcvy'onu will ngi* that the rapid strides made 'by tho bnijl In thulr playing fully warrants tho nenenus support of tho public to the lute bamnr Wu cannot help remarking upon' tho llbefilncss of tlio resi dents in this district whunV ilcscrviuii object Is' brought under their liitice. LastWodi iiosday wcok tho proceeds if the State-school entertainment in aid of the.Tnwu-lmll funds amouutedlto nbout £111, jmd those of tho opera ou Saturday night for tho same object to about £25, while over 482 woro taken for the lniur-Hi. total of fully £12(1 within a week I Tills speaks volumes for tlio gener osity of .our realdoiits:for a-worthy object. Long may it continue. The Oami'belt, Town ' Election.— At thu Supreme Court; Hobart, on Wednesday, a petition was hoard before tlio' Full Court to declare tho luto Campbell Toivn election null and void. The uctlttoii was presented by 48 voters In'tlio Electoral nfstrlct ot Campbell Town, , nud 'stated ? that; William Henry Bennott was not duly elected atid returned nt the election there on May 22 Inst, and that the election was void on tho grounds that tho roll used in tho election was not the roll, of electors far the district, nud that the election' 'ought* to have been held on tho roll which was in force on nud after April II, 181)0, and that tho persons who voted nt Cleveland nt tho election. JW not sign thulr names, orplnco their marks opposite their names, upon the certificated copy of the roll used nt the election, ss required by the Electoral Act. The cmulidatoB of the .election: wcro William Huu.ry'BennoU and Hdhort-Johil Jones, mid tho former was returned by a majority of 41). After hearing evidence 'and argument on both sides, tho Court reserved judgment. [A tolcgrnm received from ''Hobart yester day afternoon stated that the Court had given a verdict in- favour of Mr. Beuuett, tho petitioners to pay costs.] . .... ... Puzzle Column.— Wo regret that, ex tremo pressure on our Bpaco byothor..ra»tter prevents the publication of our'iVcckly ' PumIo Column.' in this issue.' The matter in type includes the result of last quarter's competition as well ns the usual questions and answers. /? i ? ; ,: ? - ' 'i i The Floods.— From tlio last issue of the 'Argus' to hand wo learn that tho I'srrn Is now running at nbout its usual level nnd the flood waters are'raptdly 'draining off or evaporating from tho low-lying lands along Its course. The' central , relief fund has swelled to close on £10,000, of which nearly £ liOOil lias been contributed through the 'ArguB.' The Singer Manufacturing Co. hnvo very generously offered to repnlr or restore, free of cost, any sewing machines belonging to 'their 'clleiitjp which were damaged or lost owing to the late floods. Boat HAnnouii. — oii'r correspondent wrote -on Thumloy :— Boat Harbour seems to be going .ahead, lit a great; rato'lntcly, and If I mil not mistaken it is one of theprettlcst and best farming districts on the N.W. Coast. Ah far as houses go we can boost of sqmo real good ones,' but if some of them itot a 'touch of the brush' 'it. wdnliHdoithoin no binn. Mr. John Gates is getting onsteadlly witb his potato digger and expects to give If a trial in nbout ten days. ? I 'congratulate him for such nn invention and if the, digger Bhoulil provo favourable no iloubt It will be a far better one thaii nny invented nsyct. The machine will be named the Duckfoot strong potato digger. ?' '? ? ? ' Baimvat Buibbeat DEvo.wonT.— Tho Hallway Department has decided to erect a footbridge over tin railway lino nt Devon port, leading to the wharf, to bo ortcted opposite Mr. D. Cocker's premises. Tho bridge is belli); built anil fitted up in tho Government Workshops, Lnuncestou, and will bo placed in position and open for tralllo in nbout two woeki. Tin bridge will be on thu same principle as the one at Lonzfonl ; it will be 88ft. in length, exclusive of approaches, and built of wool with a railing on each side. Dk. Beaney's Will.— A man must be nn Inveterate advertiser (writes ?' Attlcua ' iu 'Tho Leader') who docs not slacken his efforts in tho presence of death. Dr.Bcauev's will is n testament that should make the shade of Itanium feel more shndy thim over, and cause the ghost of Holloway to ex tinguish Itself inolntmrat.- There Is a touch of genius in a man bequeathing £1000 to tho Dean and Chapter of Canterbury Cathedral conditional on his name being posted up in tho nlsle for all time, and ordering that the money shall be kept from them If thoy'de cllno to be bribed. Then all the scholarships throughout tho world are to be ticketed with the distinguished cognomen, as also the insti tute for working men, where are to be en shrined the 'medical1 diplomas,' 'military decorations, illuminated addresses, certifi cates, licenses, testimonials (including, I presume, those purchased .and paid for by the deceased, though' ostensibly given by grateful patients; gold medals, together, \fith crest, scrap book, two volumes of 'Men of tho Time,' a photograph of tho testator in fnncy dress, his gold (over again) and sllvor medals, several portraits of himself,!' ix,', &c.; To what a pinnacle of self-conceit a poor, human creature must attain before lie would venture to hnve a document of this sort to be rend over his mouldering corpse I ?,; ??. , . i The GnisATtsT Flood EVEn.'KKOWJi^-i.' Thu following has been' sent' to a 'M61 liounie journal by a person styling hlmiclf ' Professor Brim, Astro.; Mutbtiumc,»N:E.' : — In tho month of August, 181)1, there will be the greatest Hood ever known to many on his |K-rtlon of the planet. It will come with a terrific hurricane or tornado. Its effects will be felt from the north, south, nnd south-west, with licnvy downpour of rain, which will be Incessant from tlio'litli to the 20th. The climax will be from the Kith to the ISth. There will' bo great destrne-,' tlon of property. Lrirgo trees will be torn up by tho roots— falls of buildings, ?inunda- tions, wreckage and disaster*. This Is a nkas'int prospect, tracly, and none but the highly superstitious -or credulous will place the least reliance u]ion thu Imaginations of an evidently weak-minded individual. Conobiit. — Our renders are again re minded that a concert will he held on Mon day next, at Burnle, in aid uf the funds of the Primitive Methodist Church. Several dialogues will also be given ami an enjoyable entertainment Is promised. Further par ticulars In tlio advertisement. ?! '.. To SponTSME.v.-iSportsmon nre reminded that on Thursday next tho season for quail shooting ends ; and 'Friday, July 111 Is tho lost day of the season for snooting wild duck, t.'al, widgeon, plover, emu, black, swan, ground dove, Cape Barren goose, L brouzc winged pigeon, nnd wattle birds. Knuyaroo and opossum hunting also ends on Friday next. Tendon are lurltcd for painting, etc., tho Inside of tho premises occupied by the Bank of Australasia, Burnle. CliniTiNO Match, — A Cam corrcspnn tknl, unmowhut late tutus day, writes.:— On thi) 11th inst. a chopping match lock place at King's Tempurniice I lotul, Somerset, which resulted In a win fonA. llarnctt, Mr.i. King very kindly guvo tho loser, Win. HI reels, a large plum pudding, which thu recipient received with many thank., lTI'« ?-«» o£ the Ings, stakes, or time, nre not staled.) On .Saturday uftuinooti, August H, a chopping inatuh, 'open to all comers who havu never won public money, Is to take, plncu nt. King's Hotel. The entrance fee Is »/. and entries close with Mr. T. King, on or before Satur day, the 1st of August. It Is expected thoro will be fully 2(1 entries, A match fur *20 nsldo between two, well known nxuiiion Is also snld to Im3 ' brewing.' Boat IlAimoun ?- Notes. — 'Pakoha' writes under Monday's dales— As nothing of a very Important diameter 1ms occurred since my last It leaves mu now very little to writo. llowovor, thorc aro a lew items .which may bo of interest. Thu first Is with refurencu tn the appointment of a teacher to take charge of our stntu school. I hnvo not yet learned when ho li to recommence duties, but wo hope it will he In the near future. .Tho football match that was announced to take placo on Saturday between the Boat Harbour nnd Cam teams did not come off, the reason 1 have not yet learned, hut probably itts because the 11. 11. boys go In for practising thu little marking on Sundays. I noticed In your paper some time ago the report of n washing competition that took place nt Buriila and 1 may say I raid the Bamu with Interest, us I thought, perhaps, it would be the means of livening up some of our laundresses. Hut no, they are not to bo moved, us I still ofton see some Hues full of clothes nfter daylight on Satunlay evening, and sometimes they lire allowed tn remain in enjoy the sweet perfumes of the Sabbath air. .. . ... FOOTIIALL.— Footballers genojally will regret to learn that Mr. T, Wlngrovc, the popular captain of tho Ilnrnlo Football Club, is Incapacitated from work owing to injuries received to his left ankle last Satunlay in the match against Wynynnl, and he has decided not to play any more this season. He will, of course, not luko part In thu match ngalnst Warntnh to-ilny. In connection with the latter we understand that a large numlier of persons have promised to tsko advantage of tho liberal arrangements made by the manager of tho .»,». nnd M.B. Rail way, and If there are 20 liossciigers besides the football team a special train leaving at 8 n.m. will bo put on, which will leave Warntah on the return trip at II p.m. ' Slight Acoident.— An accident,' for tunately not of a serious nature, happened to a eon of Mr. II Biggs yestcnlay afternoon. Tho youngster was riding a horse with only n bridle on, and the horse got soinowhat beyond the control of the rider. In turning into 'Mount-street from Catlcy-strcct some what nhnrply tho horse went down and the little fellow also came to earth, bbt without any - injury resulting to cither rider or Ekrata. — We aro Informed by Mr. Burton that the expenses attending the late State School concert did not nmount to £2, instead of £4, as wo said in our last issue. This will of course leave about «17 to the Town Hall fund Instead of £li-. I.AW.v 1'AttTY.— In mother column It will bo seen that The Frolo Lawn Party, who were here a few weeks ago havo returned nftcr n successful tour to Zcehan. Some alterations have been made in ibis prrtnnHel of the company, by the engagement of Bcvcml talented performers. The pro gramme contains a greater variety, anil will no doubt be more Tntcrestlni; than on tho pravlous visit of the company. They will perform in the Town Hnll Biimlc on Monday night ; . \\\'ynynnl on Tuesday, and Penguin on Wednesday. ? Wynyaud XoTBS. — Our correspondent 'wrote ycslcnlay :— I must make an apology to ono cnpnble performer at the lost enter tniitniont given by the Baud of Hope whose nnm'cwu* inadvertently omitted from the list of performers. I refer to Miss M. Fonl, who gave n recitation which ns usual was rendered in first class style. Another pleasant evening was spent in the Town Hall on Tuesday last when thu Indies of the district gave a return 'dnnco ' to tho gentle men. The guests were numerous, the arrangements very satisfactory, ami the success thorough. The result of Mr. Kenton's motion for n special committed to report on tho Ulvcrstone-Wynyanl railway will lie anxiously awaited In this part— In fact all nlong the coast. Whatever opinions electors may hold in regard to Mr. Vonton there cannot bo any diversity of belief ns to his sincerity in this matter of 'railway ex tension, westward, nnd as such we sincerely wish our member every success In his illlll cult position. 'Push' Is a mighty factor, anil may it bc.so proved. ? . ? OVKIIDUE 'RATES.— Tlio collector of the Table Cape road rates notifies in our adver tising, columns that proceedings will he taken ngalmt all those persons who hnve not paid their rates before the 31st day of Aug«st. Puiilio Works TendbhS.— The following tenders have been accepted: — Wfimtalt to Corluua, contract II, D. Davis, £480/4/11; branch Simpson's road, contract 1, Diproso nud Elliott, £74 ; prlsh of Narrawarm— branch to lots of Nolan, Gcale, -Vc. contract II, A. Gcale, £2211/11)/.; court-house anil ollice of mines, Stmbnii, erection of, OalTuey and Harvey, £410/11/11. The following tenders nre cancelled :— Jordan nnd Clark, for con tract '1, ' roail,— branch Simpson's /rend, pnzettcd 14th April, 1891 ; M'Donald am Urquhart, for erection of court-house and ofllce of mines, Strahani gazetted 10th June, 1801. ; A Runaway ArrnENTioE.— By last night's train from Wamtah a lad named Charles SUgg.au apprentice under the board ing out system to Mr. Hufferuan, of Klowur ilole, was brought down by tho police. Tho Jail recently absconded from the service of his employer ami was arrested at Waratah by constable Brown. In nnother column Messrs. D. Hentley and Co. announce an extraordinary purchase of dress iiatcrials all new, fresh goods which they will offer to-day nt very sensational prices. Sec advertisement for particulars. 