Reviews. BIanc7ie, Lady Falaise. By J. H. Shortuousb, author of John Inglesant, Sir Percival, A Teacher of the Violin. London : Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colonial Library. A 'Sydney-side Saxon. By Rolf Boldrewood, author of Robbery under Arms, etc. London : Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colonial Library. Cecilia de Noel. By Lanok Falconer. London Macmillan and Co. Macmillan's Colonial Library. The Bookman. London : Hodder and Stcughton. King Sungaree's Pyalla, and Stories illustrative of manners and customs that prevailed among Australian aborigines. Illustrated. By Mart A. Fitzqerald, authoress of Australian Furs and Feathers. Sydney : Edwards, Dunlop and Co., Limited. Another book from the pen of the author of John Inglesan* will be gladly welcomed. The pure cultured English which Mr. Shorthouse makes the vehicle of his thought, and the charming humour in which he not unfrequently indulges, render him at any time an acceptable writer. But opinions will diïer about the work before us. Not indeed respecting the vividness of the descriptions, oí the delicate tints in which the few characters are painted, or the directness and force of the narrative style. But some exasperation is not unnatural touching the perversity of the conduct of the character whose name is given to the book. Many readers will doubtless wish for a different ending to the story than that which Mr. Shorthouse has chosen, and would have had him avert what seems to be a superfluous catastrophe. With such readers we would class ourselves, though possibly a different ending would have been inconsistent with the author's conception of Blanche, Lady FalaiBe. And we confess that dissatisfaction with the heroine's infatuation disappears when we read that she neither lived, loved, nor Buffered in vain. It is time that we gave a sketch of the story. The narrator is the daughter of a clergyman who obtains employment in the household of Lord and Lady Falaise, and who becomeB the trusted friend of both husband and wife. The story she tells is mainly that of Lady Falaise. The father of Lady Falaise, Dr. Boteraux, was an Oxford Don of the old type, a man of commanding appearance, suave and courteous manners, a great talker with a large command of anecdote and epigram. He marries at the age of forty, and being left a widower, at the age of fifty retires with his yonng daughter to a College-living at elyston St. Fay in Devonshire. Here he lives respected by parishioners for his distinguished appearance, and for his short sermons, which however possess every other merit that sermons should have. And thus the doctor makes religion the sustenance and not the scarecrow of human life. To aid his narrow income tbe Rev. Doctor takes pupils to read with him. One such pupil George, Lord Falaise, becomes an inmate of his house shortly after Blanche returns from school and sojourn on the continent. The girl finds life in the quiet Devonshire village tedious and cramping to her spirit which longs to do some great thing in the world, and therefore thinks the daily round, the common task, mean and contemptible. She represents in her person the conflict between a lofty ideal and ordinary duties. Lord Falaise is an almost ideally-beautiful boy, and Blanche is a beautiful yonng woman. It is needless to say that, living in the house with her, he becomes enamoured. And he resolves to win her, according to the motto of his house-" I make myself strong and I persist." She, on her part, regards him as a boy, whose aristocratic instincts and training can give him no sympathy with her aims to make the world better, and to upraise the downfallen of the race. Yet proximity might have had the happiest effect, and the nobility of nature possessed by Lord Falaise is undeniable, but for the chance that brings to Blanche's ac- quaintance one Paul Damerle, a clergyman of great preaohing power, whose work lies in the London slums, and who soon becomes to Blanche's imagination the guide who is to lead her in the self-sacrificing ways wherein she longs to walk. Damerle is naturally attracted by her beauty and by her apparent fitness for the posi- tion of helpmeet for him in his work, and an engagement is the result. But Blanche is poor, and Damerle, a self-deceiver, who has convinced himself that Divine Provi- dence has set him apart for a great work, doubts whether Blanche without a fortune can truly help him, and after some time he conse- quently throws her over, marries a lady who pos- sesses large means, rapidly deteriorates, becomes a drunkard, a gambler in shares, and a forger. The shock to Blanche is great, it kills her father, but with the perversity of a woman who has loved an ideal and who has never known the real man, she persists in thinking herself responsible for Damerle's downfall. And that impression remains with her bo thoroughly that she deems herself bound to perform some act of expiation, that may cleanse away her sin. She marries Lord Falaise, never loving him, but honouring him as the noblest and best of men, and finally yields up her sorely-tried and pure soul by a stroke of lightning at the foot of a representation of the scene on Calvary, sculp- tured amid the beautiful wildness of the Tyrolean Alps. It is a sad end to a sad story, but the author, as we have said, shows that Blanche's sorrows aro accepted atonement. That circumstance ennobles and warrants the sacrifice, and the reader, who has commiserated the pangs which rend the lady's heart, and the loveless life which Lord Falaise, so worthy of the tendereBt devotion, is compelled to lead, is reconciled by the fruit of that sacrifice and that pain. For extract we select first of all a very favour- able specimen of Mr. Shorthouse's humour. The passage describes Dr. Boteraux'o sermons and the secret of their popularity: Dr. Boteraux preached vary short sermons, never exceeding twenty minutes in delivery, on the moral virtues, obedience to parents, dutieE to children, re- sponsibilities of married people and the like. They were admirably written, in a terse, simple, yet'per- fectly scholarly style, with a shrewd observance of human life, and a humorous appreciation of its eccentricities, in which the unlettered villagers recognised a common humanity as unerringly as a more cultured audience might have done. The sermons were based, of course, upon Scriptural characters, but the Doctor was singularly happy In the introduction of classic story, the vital human- ism of which he portrayed with an instinct whllh came very little Bhort of poetic art, making re- ligion, what it might seem it was meant to be, tile sustenance and not the scarecrow of human life. | As the moral virtues, though difficult in practice, are, fortunately for frail humanity, limited in number, the theme was soon exhausted ; but toe Rector was far too wise to lessen the'effect by re- writing his sermons with diminished force. Se preached them repeatedly, not at stated intervals, but varying their recurrence with a pleasing un- certainty. It was this repetition, apparently, tint secured their popularity. The congregation of Clyston St. Fay recognised these admired produc- tions with a gratified familiarity, like the service itself. There was one sermon ' On Ingratitude to Parents,' drawn from the Btory of Absalom, which was an especial favourite. When, after the text was eivon out, the familiar words, ' I might entitle this discourse "Absalom, or the Ungrateful Son,'" were heard, it was delightful to see the entire congregation settle itself down to enjoyment, üb one may see people settle them- selves at the opera at the commencement of a favourite air ; and the time never came when the repetition of the final passage following upon David's despairing cry, and touching upon the sacrificial love of parents, suggested in part, as it was, by the Iphigcncia in Aulis, did not bring the tears into some eyes. * I write about two sermons a year,' the Rector would say to a confidential friend over a glass of port, 'just to keep my hand in, but the people are restless under tbem. They don't feel comfortable till they have heard them two or three times. "Whatdo yon think of that sermon, Wike?" I say to my churchwarden in the veBtry ; " that was a new one"-by the way there was a sheriff of Devon named Wike in Henry the Fourth's time, and the memory of man gosth not back to the time when there was not a Wike churchwarden of Clyaton St. Fay. " Yes, sir," ho says, " I know that ; very good, very good, but you won't eaBily beat the old 'uns, sir." You see,' the Rector would add, with a twinkle in his eye, ' I am very hpavily handicapped. I have to compete with myself.' And here is a picture which will bear out our assurance that Dr. Boteraux is after all the most ' loveable character in the book, as he is the most I clearly drawn: The Rector was very ereat in visiting the sick. His method was very simple, and whatever might have been thought of it elsewhere, was exceedingly admired at elyston St. Fay. He would enter the I sickroom with a very kindly and cheery manner 5 then he would begin to talk of the weather or of the crops, of any cheerful event in the village, such as a marriage, or a birth in the family ; then he would draw the patient out to talk a little about himself or herself-a great secret of success 5 then he would say ' Would you like me to read to you two or three good prayers V These he would read from a selection which he had made himself, interspersed with some passages of Scripture, and pasted into a book, bound in morocco, with the sacred monogram in silver on the outside. Most of his sick parishioners would say that he was better than the village doctor. One old lady who was on the point of death, given over by the doctor, went so far as to recover, and was at work again in forty-eight hours. This event per- fectly established the Rector's reputation. The mothers would say " My lad's very sick, your honour ; would you come and read a prayer over him ?" And it is poBBible that He who raised the widew of Nain's son was not deaf to the Rector's prayers, though they were read out of a morocco-bound book, with a silver monogram. Finally, we print a passage from a letter from Lady Elizabeth Damerle, Damerle's wife, in which she shows how the agonies of Lady Falaise's life | and death have borne fruit and flower .. In my trance or dream, with a lightened heart, I wandered on. The gloom and the darkness seemed terrible no more. Suddenly, so suddenly that it was moments before I was conscious of it 11 saw a light. No language of mine can describe this light, so different was it from anything of earth ; and, in the centre of this light-and now I knew more surely that I was in the catacombs was a shepherd with a lamb. It waa carved only, as it seemed to me-so flat and faint it was-upon the wall, over an altar, which itself was traced only upon the wall. The unspeakable light, that no man can approach unto, became clearer and more clear, and in the midst of it, before the altar, stood Lady Falaise ; and it seemed to me, during the moment that I saw the vision, that words were spoken to her which rang in my ears, as, when one wakes from a dream, something of the mystery seems to linger for a few Beconds upon the sense ' Thou hast tried to offer a sacrifice which it waa not for thee to offer, and to bear a punishment, which was not thine to suffer or to bear. Never- theless, the sacrifice which thou hadst to offer is accepted, and the punishment which was thine thou hast fully born. Thy prayer is heard. His sins, which are many, are forgiven him. He is turned, and shall be saved.' And I awoke from my dream, or trance, or sleep, and there was a noise at the door, and my husband came in. He was very pale and worn ; but there was a look in his face which I had never seen there before. He sank upon his knees on the threshold of the room ; and I went to him, and I raised bira up, and I kissed him on the forehead ; and I said to him " My husband, it íb meet that we should forgive each other, needing so much forgivenesB for our- selves ; and we knelt down together in prayer to God. A Sydney-Side Saxon is a slight story, told with Mr. Boldrewood's trained skill, and with that perfect knowledge of Australian conditions which makes all his narratives such faithful pictures of Australian life. The book can be read in an after- noon ; it contains no tragedy and no plot ; and is indeed nothing more than a matter-of-fact account of how one Job Clay thorpe became by diligence and probity and sobriety from a pooremigrant possessing nothing but good character, a stout heart, and willing hands, a wealthy squatter owning flocks and herds mighty in number and great in quality. This is a good, wholesome story, in no way calcul- ated to lessen Mr. Boldrewood's reputation as an Australian novelist. Lanoe Falconer, the author of the third volume on our list, is a name not known to us. She appears on the title page to be the author of Mademoiselle Ixe. The story we take to bo an allegory meant to illustrate the boundlessness and strength of the divino love, oven when it has manifestation through a human agent. The thread of the narra- tive is slight, and seems designed merely to bring a number of persons of varying religious opinions into contact or relationship with a ghost haunting an old country house. The master of the house wholly denies the existence of the supernatural, or of a life after death, and for every alleged re- appearance of the ghost has a quasi- scientific explanation. The doctor Bhares in these opinions. A lady of devout mind to whom the vision has been vouchsafed, convinced of the eternity of punishment to which sinners are sub- jected, becomes what is called converted, and exhibits in her daily walk and conversation the beauty and the sanotity of the Christian life. The vision also appears to a canon of the Church of England, a mere formalist, whose heart has never been touched by the truths he expounds eloquently in speech and writing, and the dignitary is terrified by thoughts beyond the reach of his soul. To a ritualistic devotee who lives habitually in the unseen, the spectre comes as a proof of his creed in the Life Everlasting. Its manifestation brings a similar conviction, linked with an unspeakable dread, to a gay woman of the world who takes up and lays down new religions almost with the facility with which she undresses, and who has just propounded some mysterious system of worship which eliminates God. At last, the vision appears to Cecilia de Noel, a lady who throughout the narrative is alluded to as a friend of the poor, the self-sacrificing minister to the sick and the afflicted, and who on her introduction in person to the reader in the last chapter, is shown as a beautiful and gracious woman, rendering kindly office to a poor child of poverty : But in the transparent gaze that Cecilia de Noul turned upon her fellows beamed love poured forth without stint and without condition. It was as if every man, woman, and child who approached her became instantly to her more interesting than her- self, their defects more tolerable, their wanta more imperative, their sorrows more moving than her own. In this lay the soiirce of that mysterious charm so many have felt, so few have understood, and yielding to which even those least capable of appreciating her confessed that, whatever her con- duct might be, she herself was irresistibly lovable. This example of that exalted womanhood which makes it the companion and solace of sorrows encounters the spectre, and alone eut of all who see has the courage to speak to it. She, of all the others, only has a pitying thought for it. Conquering the horror which is engendered by the awf ulness of its appearance, by the suggestions that come from its presence of unnameable agonies and terrors beyond conception, Bhe sees its eyes full of anguish, hears a tale of the unutterable woe of a loneliness whence God himself ia banished ; and, bravely enclasping in her arma its shadowy form, in that warm embrace of a human love that dared so much, gives the Borrowing spirit the lost assurance that God is. That such a book will be popular we do not believe. But that many will be attracted by the beauty of the conceptions and by the lesson of the allegory we also are con- vinced. Messrs. Hodder and Stoughton have published since October last a monthly magazine under the title of The Bookman, which contains anecdotes about books and bookwriters, news of intended pub- lications, crisp criticisms of newly published books, literary articles and appraisements, and generally a mass of information which every book-lover will welcome. We have the above publications from Messrs. Edwards, Dunlop, and Co., of Sydney, through Mr, Edward Blair, West Maitland. Sent from the house direct is the pretty series of legends and tales to which Miss or Mrs. Mary A. Fitzgerald has attached her name. About one-half the book is occupied by legends of Australian birds, which the authoress asks us to believe are mere Englished versions of tales told to children by King Bungaree. These tales are in fact Bungareen pyalla or talk. We must be permitted to doubt. The lady has written into the black's narrative her own poetical imaginations. Can| we suppose for example any aboriginal inventing such a speech as this, to account for the shapely tail of the Lyre bird P '' In gratitude for the many sweet songs you have sung for me, I will leave you an emblem of your musical powers, at which men will wonder, and which you and your children may wear for ever.'' That is no aboriginal conception surely. But this criticism is not intended as a reproach to the authoress, but rather as a compliment. In her treatment of the legends, though she has chosen prose as a vehicle of expression, she reminds ub much of Longfellow, who, in Hiawatha, has similarly presented many American Indian legends. And we are sure these talks of King Bungaree will be read with all the more interest because of the poetical conceptions which we attribute to their reporter. Take for example the origin of flannel daisies, feathers of a pair of disobedient white swans torn from them in combat and scat- tered over the sward, their place being supplied with black plumage provided by pitying birds. The remaining pages of the book are occupied by several well told tales in the most of which blacks play a more or less conspicuous part. The illustrations to the birdstories are well drawn, and the authoress has obligingly supplied a glossary of the blacks' names used. We heartily commend the little book to young and old readers. 