God's Providence and its lessons. (Bx i THE i REV. C. H. SPUBGBON.) " The high hills are a refuge forrt^¡^ó>g©atB,;.jma the rocks for the conies."-PSALM civ., 18?f u ^ ' The text we have chosen to-day. teaches tis plainly that each creature has its appropriate place. Birds with their nests for the cedars of Lebanon, storks for the fir trees, wild goats for the high hills, and conies for the rocks. Each of these cteatures looks most beautiful at home. Go into the Zoological Gardens, and see the, poor animals there under artificial conditions, and you can little guess what they are at home. A lion in a cage is a very different creature from a lion in the wilderness. The stork looks wretched in his wire pen, and you would hardly know him as the same creature if you saw him on the housetops or on the fir trees. Each creature looks best in its own place. Take that truth, now, and use it for yourself. Each man has by God a providential position appointed to him, and the position ordained for . each Christian is that in which he looks best. It is the best for him, and he is the beat for that; and if you could change his position, and shift him to another, he would not be half as-happy, nor ¿alf as useful, nor half so much himself. Put the stork on the high hills; put the wild goat on.the fir trees-what monstrosities ! Take my dear brother, who has been a working man this last 20 years, and always been a spiritually-mindëd man, and make him Lord Mayor of ( London, and you would spoil him altogethor.. Take à good hearer, and sot him preaching, and he would make a sorry appear ance. A MAN PUT OF PLACE - ... is not seen-to advantage, you- see the wrong side of him, the.gracious side is hidden,... The positipn in which God ha's 'placed me' is the best for me. Let me remember this when l am grumbling and complaining. It may be I have got past that foolish discontent whioh is altogether selfish; but, perhaps, I repine because I think if I were in a different position I could glorify God more. This speciesof discontent is very insmuating; but let us beware of it. lt is foolish to cry, " If I were placed in a different position I could do so much more for God ?" You could not do so much, as you can do now; I am Bure the goat would not show the wisdom of God so well in a fir tree as he would up on a high Hill; and you would not display the graces of God so well anywhere else as you can db where you are. Ah, sayB the young Christian,. "I am only an apprentice; if I were a master man, I think I could then glorify God." Sir, if you cannot magnify him in your apprenticeship, you. will not do so when you be come a journeyman. " Oh, but my shop is so little, my trade brings me in such a small amount, I can give but little, and I have such few opportunities of doing good." Be slow to leave ' your calling till you have plain indications from providenco that you ought to dd so, for many a man in moving from his place has been as a bird that has wandered from her nest. God knows better than you what is best for you ; bow your soul to his sovereign will; God appoints our position infinitely, better than we could ap point it, even if we could havé the choosing of it. My beloved friends, it is not only that EACH FORM OF LIFE has its own best position as to providence, but it is so as to experience. God has not made two creatures precisely alike. You shall gather leaves from a tree, and you shall not find two veined in precisely the same way. In Christian experience it is tho same. Wherever there is living Christian* experience, it is different from everybody oise's experience in some respect. In a family of children each child may be like its father, and yet each child shall bo different from each other child; and amongst the children of God, though they all have the likeness of Christ in a measure, yet they are not all exactly the ono liko the other. You read the other day the life of John Bunyan, and you said, " Oh, if I had experience like John Bunyan, thon I should know I was a-child ol' God." This was .foolish. Hast thou felt thyself a sinner and Christ a saviour ? Art thou emptied of self and dost thou look to Christ alono ? Woll, if no other soul has trod the same path as thou hast done, thou are in a right path ; and though thy experience may have eccentricities in it that differ from all bthere, it is right it should, be so. God has not made the wild goat like the cony, nor has he made the stork like any other bird, bathe has made each to fit the place it ia to occupy, and he makes your experience to be suitable. to , tho bringing out some point of his glory» which could not be brought out otherwise. It appears from tho text t¿bi$ ÇtYôry creature tha$ Çtodhaçgièdeii " * ,: . ;. ;:":r '^PROVIDED WITH SHELTER. Birds fly to the treeä, and the stork.to the fir,,thé wild goat to the high hills, and the cony to the rocks. There is a shelter for every one of these creatures," great and small. ' Think a moment,then; if God has made each créature happy and given a place of refuge to each creature, then depend upon it, ho has not . left man's soul without' a shelter. And here is an important truth, for every man is certainly in danger, and every thinking man knows it. My God, dost thou shield and shelter the cony in the rock, and is there no rock for me to shelter in ? Assuredly thou hast not made man and left him without a refuge ; -when thou givest to the rock rabbit the cleft in which he may hide himself, there must be a shelter for man. / This must certainly be true, because you and I, if we have observed our inner life, must have felt conscious that no thing here below can fill an immortal soul. Ton have prospered in business, and have enjoyed good health, but for all that, in quiet moments of reflection, you feel a craving for something not to be found beneath the sun. Have you not felt yearnings after the Infinite-hungerings which bread cannot satisfy; thirstiugs which a river could not quench H And are you never conscious -I know I am as a man, I speak not as a Chris tian now-of cold shiverings of fear, which make the entire manhood to tremble ? Tho mind looks forward and considers. " AND SHALL I LIVE FOR EVER ? When my body moulders, shall I continue ? Am I a vessel launched upon the river of existence, and shall I be borne onward to a shoreless and mysterious sea ? And what will be that 6ea, and will it be a calm, or tossed with storms ?" Or to ohange the figure, I shall sleep, but in that sleep of death, what dreams may come ?" Have you never felt all that, and said within yourself, "O that there were a place where I could hide myself, never to tremble more ! O that I could grasp some thing that would satisfy my insatiable long ings ! O that I could get my foot upon a rock, and no longer feel that a quicksand is beneath me!' O that I knew of truth sure and indisput able, and possessed a treasure that would enrich me for ever !" "Well, then, if you have such longings as these, surely there must be a pro vision to meet them. With my thirstiugs, my longings, my pinings, my mysterious instincts there is a God somewhere, there is a heaven somewhere, there is an atonement somewhere, there is a fulness somewhere to meet my empti ness. Man wants a shelter, there .must be a shelter ; let us show you what it is. Beloved, there is a shelter for man from the sense of past guilt. It is because, we are guilty that wo are fearful j we have broken our Maker's law, and THEREFORE WE ARE AFRAID. But our Maker came from heaven to earth ; Jesus, the Christ of God; caine here, and was made man, and bore that we might never bear his Father's righteous wrath, and ' whosoever believèth in Jesus shall find perfect rest in those dear wounds of his. - Since Christ Buffered for me my guilt is gone, ,my punishment was endured by my-substitute, therefore db I hear the voice that saith, " Comfort ye, comfort ye my people ! Say unto them that their warfare is accomplished, for they have receivod at the Lord's hand double for all their sins." And as for future fears, he who believes in Jesus finds a refuge from them in the fatherhood of God.'- He who trusts Christ, says: " Now I have no fear about the pre sent, nor about the future. Let catastrophe follow catastrophe, let the world crash, and all the universe go to ruin} beneath the wings of the Eternal God I must be safe. All things; must work togethor for my good, for I love God, and have been called according to his purpose.". What a blessed shelter this is ! The little conies in their rock-clefts are perfectly at ease, and so we, when we enter fully into the. truth, of our adoption of God, are filled with unutterable peace. And as for the present with its cares, and griefs, and heart-throbs, there is the Holy Ghost abiding in us, the comforter, and we fly to him, and re ceive consolations so rich and powerful, that we feel at peace in the midst of discomforts, and if perplexed we are not in despair. . And now just a moment of your attention will be wanted for the next observation;, that for oach creature "; : THE SHELTER IS APPROPRIATE. The tree for the bird ;" the fir tree,' a particular and special tree for the stork ; a high hill for the Steinbock or-ibex; and the rocks foi the- hyrax or rabbit. Whatever creature it may be, each shall have his own suitable shelter. But you will reply to nie, is there a shelter, then, for each individual man ? Did you not say that there was only one shelter for manhood ? If I did not say it, I cer tainly will say it now. There is only one shelter under heaven or in heaven for any manvof womàn born, but yet there is a shelter suitable for each. Christ Jesus suits all sorts of sinners, all sorts of sufferers. He is à Saviour as suitable for me aa if he» came to save me, and no one else; but he is a redeemer as remarkably suitable to every other of bia redeemed ones. Note, then, that there is aiefuge in Christ Jesus for those simple, trustful natures that take the Gospel at Once, andbelieve.it. : Thesé are like the little birds that fly td the trees, and build their nests, and begin to sing. Those aro the com monest sort of Christians, but in some respects they are the best. They hear the Gospel, believe it to be God's word, accept it, and begin to sing. Jesus Christ exactly Buits them j he ;is a shelter for those chosen birds of the air, whom your heavenly father.daily feeds. But there areothers bf larger intellect, who require unusual support ere they eau build, their'nest, and be at ease. These, like a stork, NEED A SPECIAL SUPPORT, and they , find it in the Gospel. Since they are moro weighty with- doubt and perpbadîy, they ' need substantial- verities to * rest ? on i these- find ? great fir trees doctrines and cedar-lika principles ! in the Bible, and they rest in them. Many of UB ? this day are' resting on the imm¿table things wherein it; is impossible for God to;lie. We rest i upon the.substitution of Christ, and repose in the completeness, of the atonement. Some get hold bf one great" principle and some another in ; connection with, .the grace. of God. ; and ' God haa been, pleased to ie veal strong, inuuov-' able,. etcrnaL jrrunutauTe principles in his Word,,, which ! are suitable for thoughtful ^nd troubled minds to rest on. Moreover, we have m tip ' church'of God persons of great reasoning powers f thesô love the craggy pathß of thought; but when, they come to Christ and trust in him, though they are like the wild goat and love the hisrh.plàces,, they find in the Scriptures good ground for them.. If you have that tum of mind which.delighta to! deal with . THE HIGH THINGS OF GOD you shall find yourself at home, and what ia" better, safe with the Gospel. If you are in Christ, you shall have good, solid, safe material for th» profoundest meditations. Perhaps, instead of being bold and daring and thoughtful, you are not comparable to the wild goat, but you are a very timid, trembling little creature like tho cony. "But thera is a shelter for conies ; and so in the grace of God for very tuuid, trembling people, thora is a suitable refuge. Here is ajdirx lightful sheltor for somo of you to rou" into : "Fear not, lam with thee; be not dis mayed, I am thy God." Hero is another : Him that cometh to nie I will in no wise east out." Many a poor trembler has hidden under that condescending word. If I cannot fi nd shelter in one toxt, what a blessing it is the Bible is full of promises, and thero aro promises in the Bible which seem mado for a certain form of mind, as if the Holy Ghost cast his thoughts and his words into all sorts of moulds to suit the habits of thought and mind of all whom he would bless.. 0> trembling soul, though thou art half afraid to say that thou belongest to Jesus, yet come and rest ia him, hide in tho rift of his side, and thou art safe. Wo must ciosei and we do so with this obser vation, EACH CREATURE USES' ITS SHELTER, . for tho storks have made their nests in the fir trees, and the wild goats climb the high hills, and the coni es hide among the rocks., I never heard, of one of these creatures that neglected its shelter -they love their .natural abodes;, but I have heard of men who have neglected their God; I know women who have forgotten Christ. We say, " silly sheep." Ah,. if the, Bheep knew all about na, they would wonder we should call them silly. The cony in danger which does not seek ita rock is foolish; but the soul in danger which. do«s not seek its Saviour is insane-insane I nay, if there eau be a madness which /is air much beyond madness as madness is beyond, sanity, then such is the raving lunacy of a mau who neglects his Saviour. I have never heard ol any of these creatures that they despise the shelter provided. The birds are satisfied with the trees, and the stork with the-firs, and even the;cony with it3 rock hole; but. alas ! there aro men who despise Christ. God himself becomes the.shelter cf sinnoss, and yet sinners despiso their God. ; The rSon of God opens his sid» and lays bare his heart that a soul may come and shelter there in the crimson cleft, and yet that soul for .many; a day refuses to accspt th« !shelter. Oh, where are tears?; Who shall giva us fit expressions for our sorrow that "men should bo such monsters to themselves and to- their God ? ;The ox knoweth its owner, and the aEs its mas ter's crib ; but men know not^God. . .Tho stork: knows its fir tree, the wild goat its crag, and the cony knows its cleft; but the sinner koo ws not bia Christ. Ah, manhood, what has befallen th^e? What strange wine ' HaBt thou; .'drank " w hich has' intoxicated thee ? ;,;. : ... . ; ; * . j I never heard of a stork that when it met with, a fir tree demurred as to , > ITS EIGHT TO BUILT) ITS NEST THERE, and'I never heard of a copy yet that .questioned, whether it had a permit':to run into the rock. iWhyi these creatures would soon perioh 'it. they, were always doubting and fearing as to whether they had a right to use proyidential provision*. The stork says to,, him self: "Ah, her« is a fir. tree i " h'e consults with his mate : " Will this do", for the nest in which we may rear our young ? " "Ay," says she; and they gather the materials,, and arrange them. There is never any délibérai', tion, "May we build here?" but they brimr their sticks and makö their nest. So the wild, goat on the crasr does not say : '' Have I a right to be here?" No, he must be somewhere, and. there is a crag which exactly sui ts him; and ha ( springs upon it. Yet though theso dumb crear' tures know the provision of their God, the sinner ' does not recognise the provisions of hie Saviours; He quibbles and questions, " May,! ?" and " I am afraid it is not for mo," and " I think it cannot bo meant for me'; and I am afraid it is too good to bo true/' ' And yet nobody ever said to the storkv " Whosoever buildeth "on this fir tree ahail never have his. nest pulled down." No inspired, word has ever said to the cony, " Whosoever runs into this rock^cleft shall never bo; driven out of it;" if it had been so it: would make assurance doubly sure. And yet' here is Christ provided for sinners, jusrfc the sort of a Saviour sinners need, and tho* encouragement is added, " Him that cometh. unto mo I will in nowise cast out." " Whosoever . will, let him come, and take the water of lifo freely." O dear brothers and sisters, do not bo . standing out against tho 'generosity pf a sin pardoning God, who bidß the sinner; come and welcome. Come, believe in Jesus, and find salva tion how. O, that you would come; it is what God has provided for-'your wants.: Come, take it, for he bids yon come. " The spirit and the bride say, come, and whosoever will, let him, come and take tho water of. life freely." To believe is to - trust Jesus, to trust his suffering, to trust his ' atonement, and rely upon him alone for salva tion. May God enable you to do it for Chriefs Bake. Amen. The Y.M.C.A. in the neighboring colony of . Victoria appears to be-in a prosperous state; for,: " notwithstanding the magnificent pile of ' build- _ ings thc association passessesin Bourkô-street, Mel-" bourne, they were compollad to hire the T^own Hall, on fee occasion 'bf their twentieth »lini«.' vsrsary." - 