THE MANIA FOR PHOTO GRAPHY. BY M. M. Did Daguerre doserve the ponsion which tho French Government gave him for liis .discovory of tho photographio art? His intention was good, and lie ndded something to tlio siim of liuninn happiness, yet ho contributed not a littlo to tho number of tlioso potty mystorieB which bring so many to Solomon's cynical mood. Our fnthors were wont to nnnthematiso tho camera, tliey spoko pathetically of weary minutes spent lieforo tlio lens, of painful efforts to asaumo an air of dignity tompcrod by bonovolonco, which rosultcd in tho perpetuation of a eoowl or a smirk. Our aunts endured much heart burning, for that mendacious rascal tho sun would flatter frivolous girls, girls without tho least preten sion to beauty, and would picture tho virtuoiiB dowdy' as Cinderella's sisters. Such sorrows liavo pnssod. Thoro is no lingering boforo tlio camera ; tho lens does its work in a moment, and tho rctouohor sees to it that every lady shall be young and fair. You may pass from studio to studio and ask "who photogrnphs tho plain folk— the folk I moet whon I tako my walks abrond "—and tho initiated will whisper, "tho amntour." To-day the world is photograph mad. It is for evor posing itself nnd sitting first to this operator, tlion to that. It asks you your candid opinion of the flattering cartas it purohasos, and you palter with tho truth. I supposo if Anno of Cleaves asked any courtier what lio thought of that picturo in whioh Holbein "ox- presBcd her image very lyvolyo," ho re plied— "It hardly doos your majosty jus tice." I tako it for granted that tho critical historian has upset tho tradition whioh attributes poor Anno's undoing to that flatter ing portrait. Ono keeps fairly abreast of tho ago by assuming that the conclusions set forth in his school history books liavo boon rovorsod, but I am quite suro.no Henry would goa-wooing on tho suggestion of a modern photograph. But the aggravating peculiarity of the modern crazo is that everybody is intonsciy interested in everybody else's photograph. For a long whilo we liavo been familiar witli pictures of clover or pushing actors and pretty or painted actresses, but that excited littlo commont. Personal notorioty is money to the poor player. He writes nothing which may bo read by thousands to whom lie is utterly unknown. Ho invents nothing which lie can patent, and for tho use of which millions who never heard his name may un consciously pay him a royalty. No woalthy patron, no artistic clique, can long sustain him if he fail to impress the public strongly with his own personality. But tho player has lost liis monopoly of the windows devoted to counterfeit presontmontB of colebritics. Authors nnd pub lishers havo slowly realised that Addison wns right when lio declared "I havo obsorved that a reader seldom peruses a book with pleasure till ho knows whotlior the writer of it bo a black or a fair man, of a mild or oholeric disposition, married or a bachelor, with other particulars of a like naturo, that conduce very much to tho right understanding of an author." As with tho author, so with tho preachor, scientist and musioian. But wo aro wiser than woro Addison's contemporaries ; if wo havo an author's photograph, autograph, and a few moro or less authontie items touching his hobbioB and his earnings,- wo find it quite unnecessary to peruBe his book. And if we study the face of a Newman or a Liddon, and scan an obituary notico, we do not concern ourselves with thoir homilies, which it is quite as easy to praise rapturously before reading as after. To disoover tho littlo weaknessos of one's day and generation is a foat on whioh tho clever simploton piques himself. The shrewd man knows that tho essential thing iB to play on those weaknesses, which doing skilfully ho may produce muoh golden melody. Of tho gentle men who hove discovered that an nffectation of superficial omniscience is the foiblo of half educated folk, Mr. Stead, of tho Review of Reviews, holds foremost place. Ho knows oxnetly tho mannor of literary and artistic feast to which tho intellectual gourmand delights to sit him solf down. It must bo in a great many courses. There noed not bo vory much of anything, but there must bo a littlo bit of everything, and that littlo bit must.ho highly seasoned. For n few months Mr. Stead was content to provide his guests with snacks of literature, oriticism and political platitude.' In a happy moment it struck him that tho photograph had been too long neglected. In his own expressive words, he found "photographio publishing a chaos." Richly endowed with creative genius, ho deter mined to make it a cosmos. In each issue of his review ho publishos a list of tho photographs of the month. In liis annual ho will give a- bappy public a complete guide to tho photo graphs of tho year. But even that is a slight service compared to the boon which ho offers to those who like to invest the modest sum of Is. 6d. in the purchase of his portrait album for the peoplo. "With oharaoteristio modesty ho gives the placo of honor in this interesting collection to a cabinet photograph of himsolf, following which thoro come smaller portraits of lesser men and womon, from her Majesty tho Queen and tho Prinee of "Wales to Mrs. Annio Besant and " General " Booth. The portraits aro enriched by autographs, and the value of these specimens of handwriting is obvious when it is mentioned that for tho most part thoy are ox tracts from notes acknowledg ing the receipt of tho Review of Reviews. Mr. Stead's venture having proved eminently successful, a certain Mr. Ncwnos is following in his footsteps. Mr. Nownes was part proprietor of the Review of Reviews. He was foolish enough to sell out before puffery had done its perfcot work. Ho is sorry, of course, but lie has learned the great secret that the mon and women about him are but children of a larger growth crying for pictures, and Mr. Nownes will Batisfy them. On tlio 1st January ho gave to the world the first number of a periodical called the Strand Magazine. It is cheap, and not so nasty as might be supposed. Its peculiar feature is a collection of portraits of celebrities at different periods of their lives. On one page we have Professor Blackio, first as he appeared when5years old, next as ho was at 45, and finally as ho sat before the oamcra a few months ago in his 81st year. To gaze on theso pictures is almost as instructive as a perusal of tho professor's essays On the opposite page are portraits of tho Rev. C. H. Spurgeon ot 21, 30, 36 and 54. To study theso is even more stimulating than a perusal of tho wonderful sermons which have attracted so many thousands to the Metropolitan Taber nacle. Tennyson, Miss Ellon Terry, Henry Irving and othors aro treated in like fashion. Now it is worthy of note that tho gentlemen and ladies to whom Mr. NewneB has offered such immortality as his magazino affords have accepted it with something like effusion. Even the Laureate, who gets a fabulouH sum por lino, though it be ono such as "I stood on a tower in the wet," condescended to write a letter discussing the merits of the -arious photographs of himsolf which different onerators have produced. Professor Blackie MiBS Terry ond Mr. Irving also forwarded cartes to tho enterprising editor. Even Mr. Spurgeon was not so deeply absorbed in meditation on the "down grade movement" as to be indifforont to the littlo notorioty offered him by tho Strand Magazine. It is obvious that when her Majesty supplies Mr. Stead with hor autograph for reproduction in his periodical, whon tlio Laureate holds sweot counsel with Mr. Nownes as to tho merits of a number of photographs, certain of which nro to be reproduced in tho Strand, tho illustrious do not regrot the intrusion of the prying public. An onthusiast in theso matters writes that the raodprn interviewer should carry a detective camera. Sb armed he may tempt his sub ject to talk on congenial themes, and photograph him when his faoo is con torted by tho horror which tho sins of Mr. Parnell and Mrs. O'Shea excite, or whon it is illumined by a celestial smilo as he tolls what lio has suffered for his country. It may be open to question whether the journalist whose faith iB in his Kadok will bo popular. Tho wretch who dared to hand verbatim notes of specohes to tho printer would be doomed to die ; will it faro bettor with him who ventures to hand Btealthily taken miniatures to the engraver? Possibly it wilL The Daily Graphic in its earlier issues gave some fearful and wonderful pictures of distinguished warriors, yet so far as we know no blood was spilled. It is in tho cheap and nasty reproduction of heap and nasty photographs that the horror of ffie new order of things lies. A map takes up ' hi paper and his eye falls on a I loathy .picture of a murderer "and his victim. Ee must forego tho day's news or ho must carry a mimio chamber of horrors to his homo. Theso ongravings used to bo tho undis puted possossion of tlio Poltee News ond it rivals; papors dovotod to rccordH of orimo. Wo havo changed nil that. In cortnin direotiona soicnoo makes for domooraoy. Before Cnxton books woro for tlio fow, boforo Daguerro por traits wero luxuries ownod only by tho rioh, tlio passion for gossip nnd for pioturcs, giving it point, existed thon as now, but to gratify it then ns it is grntificd to-day was imposBililo. Kncller oxplainod his desortion of high art for portralturo by declaring that " pnintors of his tory mnko tho dead livo, and do not bogin to live tliemselvc-a till tliey nro doad. I paint tlio living, nnd thoy mnko ino livo." A picture in oils was doubtless delightful to our ancestors as a collection of photogrnphs is to our contemporaries. But to employ tlio painter wns costly. Gainsborough, as a ' young man, got flvo guineas for a bond ; as his famo increased liis price roso to 40 guineas for a half and 100 tor n wholo length. That was in tho days when a country parson was "passing rich on £40 a year," aud tlio purohnsing power of money was sevoral times greater than to-day. The men nnd women of tho eighteenth century woro ns interested in murdor as wo. Tliey gnthored about the scaffold In thousands ; thoy purchased tlio last spccoh and dying confession of each notorious highwayman. But what poor tilings tho broadsides were, tho enterprising publisher of that day could not sond out a follow armed with a camera to pho tograph Captain Mnchoath nnd Polly Pea- chum, nnd even had lio possessed the authentic likonessos engraving was too costly a business to bo undortnken without caroful calculation. Cheap photographs and cheaper reproductions of them aro at lonst temporarily demoralising. Hereafter tho excellent and tho inexpensive may be combinod. But in tho meantime wo havo tho membors of social purity socioties peering into tho windows of tobacconists shops, and bomoaning tho multiplication of cartes ponr- trnying ladios witli tho maximum of log and minimum of skirt. We havo nowspaper readers, rcgrotting that editors given over to Philistin ism will bring a rude unmannorcd corse " botwixt the windand thoir gentility." If a silly follow kills a servant girl, of whom he hns grown jenlous, why should their portraits bo thrust on our notico ? " Because tho majority rules," tho Conservative critio may reply, " and your rabblo delights in horrors." Ah well, ono can but sigh, thanking heaven the whilo that his lot was not cast in tho good old Tory days, when tlio head of tlio criminal would have looked down upon him from city bnttloment, or tlio corpse of tho murderor havo startled liim as it swung in its irons on somo lonely plain. When Mr. Pickwick travelled Messrs. Pott and Slurk found it diffioult to achievo famo, thoy lived a generation or two oarlior than thoy should. In these go ahead times Pott armed with his knout, posing as a Russian prince for tho delectation of Mrs. Loo Huutcr's guests would bo photo graphed, immortalised. Slurk might have found satisfaction in reproducing a pioturo of him self simply clad and looking with contemptuous indifference on the distant revellers. But it is the orowning horror of photography that wo must seo each of these productions. Tho camera gives us so many great men aud women that wo grow hopolessly bewildered. Wo road certain authors as wo uso certain soap, or swallow cor- tain pills in sheer desperation. Thoir faces haunt us; wo lay the ghosts by reading the books and assuring ourselves that the brainB being out tho mon must he doad. 