SPORT IN MELBOURNE. An occasional correspondent, at present resident in Melbourne, writinc, from there on the 29th of November, says : Thougli you will have received the result of thc intercolonial eight-oared boat race, and the All-England r. Victoria cricket match, by wire, a few additional particulars of these events, will no doubt bc interesting to your readers. THE EIGHT-OARED RACE. As thc eight-oared raco more immediately concerns Quccnslanders, on account of thc crew from Brisbane winning so easily, I will de-il with that event firat. As your readers are doubtless aware, several of the prominent oars- men of the Queensland metropolis were unable to get away, but thc crew chosen were all good men, and their admirers were satisfied they would have a fair chance of victory. After arriving in Melbourne the crew were carefully watched in their training work, but their style found little favour with any of the local oarsmen. Some said they could not sit thc boat ; others that they were too sluggish in their stroke, and were altogether too light a crew to last the distance. All agreed that the Banana boys were an ugly lot of oarsmen, and had not the ghost of a chance of winning. How much of this was due to prejudice readers can imagine, for after thc first half mile there was only one crew in the race-Queensland. The crews were certainly very unequal in weight. The QueenslanderBavoragcd only lOst, lSJlb., and one of them. Dc Little, was only 9 st. 10 lb. The New South Welshmen were the heaviest, averaging 11 st. 11 Jd. each ; whilst the average of the Victorians was 11 st. OJ lb. Kennedy, the New South Wales stroke, anticipated the start very cleverly, and his boat at once showed in front R. T. Hilder, the Queensland stroke, who ÍB a capital oarsman, soon got his team into a grand swing, the advantage gained by New South Wales was quickly wrested from them, and a quarter of a mile from the start the Quccnslanders were half a length a head. In a little over half a mile they wero clear of the Victorian boat, and going right away won very comfortably by over three lengths, which might have been made many lengths more had there been any necessity, ns the team were quite fresh at the finish. Time, 18 min. 45 sec. Qneenslanders in Melbourne were delighted of course, but the victory did not evoke the amount of enthusiasm it should have done, considering thc many disadvantages the northern crew laboured under. Certainly they rose rapidly in public estimation, and apart from their well-earned victory, their sojourn in the south has been an enjoyable one. ALL-ENOLAND I'. VICTOKIA. Now witli reference to the cricket. Tho English team arrived safely from Adelaide on the 25th November, Dr. Ornee being accompanied by his wife and two childi en. Soon after their arrival herc the team went to the Melbourne ground to practice. Grace was thc first to doh thc pads, and he knocked thc bowling about in fine style. He is a perfect glutton for butting, practising all his spare time. I was prepared to sec a big man, but thc champion - for he undoubtedly still is the chninpion-exceeded all expectations. He stands over six feet in height, and his build eau bc imagined when it is stated that he is neat ly 18st. in weight. His face and arms ure bronzed to nearly the colour of mnhogany, and with his big black beard and colossal stature he is enough to frighten a bowler unused to him. He hits with tremendous power, sending thc ball great distances. His score of 15!) not out will show that he has not deteriorated much, notwithstanding that he is in his forty-fourth year. The colours of thc English team are red, yellow, and purple stripes. Blackburn won the toss and decided to bat. The wicket was capital, and a big score was expected. AU the field were placed on thc offside except a man nt mid-on. Attewcll and Sharpe, who opened, bowled off thc wicket, Sharpe every now and agnin sending in a fast straight one, which generally stuck up the batsman. Wickets fell for small scores, when Dr. J. E. Barrett appeared, and was expected to make a big score. He was not long in malting 6, which included a 4 off Sharpe, when thc latter sent down one to the off, which Barrett quietly plnced into Attewell'a hands in thc slips, the ball being joyfully accepted. C. Ross, who was quite » new man to big cricket, made a lucky single, and then had his stumps scattered by a beauty from Sharpe. Trott was playing very carefully, meanwhile, and on being joined by S. Morris, «ho liy-thc-way is an Australian aboriginal, the game had n brighter look, 35 nins being on tho hoard nt the luncheon hour. Briggs lind relieved Sharpe for an over, but Grace, Beeing his mistake, put Sharpe on again after lunch, und from the very first ball MorriB was splendidly caught by the cham- pion himself. H. Truinble was the next on tho scene, and Trott greeted him by hitting Sharpe to leg for 4, but thc next ball he put into Lolimaun's left hand, who dropped it. In tho following over, off Sharpe, he agnin played thc ball into the slips in the same way, and this time Lohmann made a splendid catch. J. Worral! joined Trumble, and tho very first ball he had from Sharpe, travelling like a streak nf lightning, scattered his stumps in all directions. Jauk Blackham, the prince of wicket-keepers, was applauded IIB he made his way to thc crease, and the remark was passed that Victoria's chance of winning rested with him. Hu soon set to work, and had 5 to his name in a few minutes, when Attcwell bowled him a slow break from the off, and, running right up thc pitch, caught thc ball almost off Blackham's bat. Sighs were heard from all parts of tho stand as thc veteran was seen sadly making his way back to the pavilion, and there were doubts about 00 being reached. J. Carlton was thc next on the scene, and had mado 4 off Attcwell, when Trumble gave a hot chance off Sharpe to Grace, who dropped it, much to bis own disgust, Trumble was. not dcitincd to Blay long, however, BS he put a ball from Attewell within reach of little Briggs, who accepted it with pleasure. C. Kemp waa the last man, and ne appeared very nerrous, shaping wretchedly. Carlton got nearly all thc bowling, and hid round in fine style, hitting both bowlers to leg to thc chains for 4. Kemp was caught by M'Gregor off a soft ball from Attewell, leaving J. Carlton to carry out his bat for the top score nf 17, the innings closing for 73 runs. Sharpe and Attewell bowled splendidly for thu visitors, thc former getting six wickets for 40 runs, and the latter Four wickets at a cost of 20 runB. Attewell has a very peculiar ruu when delivering the ball, being a sort of hop, step, and skip, but Sharpe took matters easily and simply walked up to the crease. When a left hander was batting both thc bowlers bowled round the wicket, hut over the wicket to a right hander. The off theory completely beat thc batsmen. The fielding was simply perfect. A man always seemed to bc wherever thc ball waa hit, uud no matter how fast it came, it was Sicked up and thrown in like clockwork. I'Gregor, who is unite a young man, kept wickets without a longstop, not allowing a single bye. Dr. W. G. Grace and R. Abel, the one louking like a giant and thc other a school- boy, opened the batting for thc Englishmen, and Trumble and Kemp had charge of thc ball. Grace started oil' with 4, 3,4, 3, 3, 4, and gettiug on to both bowlers alike he gave thc field a merry time. When he lind made ll, he cut a bull straight at Morris, and as tile Utter stepped forward it looked like a safe catch, but the bull torc right through Morris's anns and logs and went away for 3. Repeated changes were inudc in thc bowling without success. Abel, not to bo outdone by his captain, laid on thc wood in line style, and 60 soou showed on thc board. At lour o'clock, after exactly thirty minutes play, thc score was 00, and ut half-past four 85 runs wa« tho record for the first hour's batting. It seemed as if Graco and Abel would never be separated, but at Ol Abel let a ball roll an to his wicket after playing it, and retired for 20 runs, got without a chanco, G. Lohmann joined the champion, and the scoring went on as heartily as ever. When Lohmann had made II, two 4's and a 3, he smacked a ball with terrific force into Trott's hands at point, but the fieldsman was unable to bold it. Dr. Barrett was tried as a last resource at 130, eight bowlers having failed to get rid of tho batsmen. Lohmann had plenty nf luck iu compiling his runs, hut when tie had made 39, he wus splendidly caught by Worrall off Bruce. Jtut before Lohmann waa out, <jira.ce gave a possible chanca to Trott at poiut, which was refused, W. G's. score being then about 90. A. E. Stoddart, who is regarded as the world's all-round champion at athletics, was greeted with rounds of applause as he walked to tho wicket. He smacked thc first ball for 4, and finished up the over with a 2. Barrett then opened to him, and howling slow breaks Stoddart sent the ball a straight hit for 4. Barrett sent him the same kind of ball again, and Stoddart letting out hit it to Trumble, who putting up one hand held it. G. Benn joined Grace, and was quickly anil beautifully caught by Trott at point off Barrett. Bean retired with his bead down, not daring to look at the scoring board, and Grace went over and shook hands with Barrett. Maurice Read played out time with Grace, who had reached 102 runs by splendid cricket. Cheers resounded from all parts of the ground as the champion retired not out after such a brilliant display. Play was resumed at noon cn Saturday, when it was estimated bctweeu 20,000 and 25,000 persons wore present. The wicket was still in splendid condition, sud the weather lovely, a cool breeze blowing all day. Dr. W. G. Grace and Maurice Read, thc not out batsmen of thc previous day, resumed their places at thc wickets. H. Trumble opened with the ball, and Dr. Barrett, wno was promised a champagne supper for tho team if ho could bowl the champion, had charge of the other end. Grace soon lost his partner, os after making 5, Read was caught by Worrall at mid-ofi, who jumped into thc uir to reach the ball. "Johnny" Briggs joined his captain, and a lively stand wus expected, but Briggs was too impatient, and just when, with some luck, he hod mode 12, Dr. Barrett found his way to thc little man's wicket, a slow break taking his middle stump. Tho next arrival was U. G. Radcliffe, the Gloucester amateur. He played carefully, and thescorcstcadily mounted up, Grace getting u ball to the chains now and again. At 258, when Radcliffe was properly set, he cut a ball from Worrall, and Trumble, at cover point, reaching out his baud, made a second grand catch in the match. Presently Trott pitched a slow lob into Attcwcll's block, and the latttr, making a desperate swipe, was clean bowled amidst great applause. G. M'Gregor, the youngest niau iii tlic team, filled the vacancy. He played thc first ball, but made a lounge at thc second, and Trott clean bowled him with a bailer. A. \V. Sharpe was the last limn, and after making a single, he tried a tight run for Grace, when the latter appeared to be thrown out, but lbeuinpirc(Pliillips)decidcilothi-r wise. Tile next ball from Barrett, however, finished thc innings, as Sharpe drove thc ball high in thc air towards the bonndnry mid R. Houston judging it nicely made a good catch. W. G. Grace carried out his but for 150 runs, obtained by splendid cricket, though he bail luck, the ball at times completely heating him. Hut everybody cheered him as lie left thc field, after such au exhibition. At times the fielding of thc Victorians was brilliant, and thc catches that Trumble und Worrall held were inugniliccnt. Blackburn kept wickets to pcrfeciiuu. W. Bruce und R. Houston opcneil thc Victorian second innings, thc team having 211 runs to get to save a one innings defeat. Attewell and Sharpe started with thc ball, and Bruce soon set to work lay- ing on thc wood. Houston was quickly dis missed, bowled by a regular trimmer from Attewcll. H. Trott was next at the wickets, and a good stand was expected, but just as Bruce was well set bc WUB given ont leg before wicket to Attewcll, und retired with 25 to his name. Dr. Barrett filled tho vacant crease, and with Trott went in for stonewalling with a vengeance. At lost Attewcll, who waa howling splendidly, found the way io Troll's stumps, scattering thuin in all directions. Mattera now looked very bad fur Victoria, but C. Ross slashed round in good style, while Iiis partner kept up his wicket. Tho next over of Attcwclls got rid of Barrett, tho bowler appealing for a catch behind the wicket, which Phillips gave ont, much to the batsman's disgust. Lohmann now went on iu place of Sharpe, and clean bowled G Morris before he broke his egg. H. Trumble helped Ross along with thu score, the latter showing good hitting to leg. When thc score had reached thc total of tho first innings Ross was caught nt cover by Briggs oIl'Loliiimuii's howling. J. Worrall was given ont leg before wicket to Attewcll before he Bcorcil, completing his spectacles. The Viet toriau captain, Bhickham, was applauded us he went to tho wickets. Trumblu was stumped smartly by M'Gregor off Lohmann. ,1. Carlton assisted Blackburn to knock the bowling around u little, but tile, former put u bnll from Lohmann within renell of Sharpe, who held it. Kemp wus soon dismissed, und ßlackhnm, who carried his bat for 20, received rounds of applause as he left thc field. Tho Englishmen fielded capitally, and Lohmann and Attewcll with thc bull obtained thc Burne average, 5 wickets for 41 runs. Sharpe was not successful. The Englishmen thus won by an innings sud 107 runs. Messrs. D. Cotter and .1. Phillips were tho umpires. 