THE ELECTION CONTEST. "EXTREMES MEET," and they have done ao in the case of the election for the Southern Province. The Hon. R. 0. Baker, who may be set down as one of the most pronounoed Conservatives in South Australia, haa been plaaed side by side with Mr. A. A, Kirkpatriok, selected by his party aa a fair exponent of the most advanced Liberalism of the day. The result can only be regarded aB one of those puzzles that occasionally startle people, and which are wholly inexplic able on any intelligible grounds. The eleotion altogether is a riddle, We find the candidate who was supposed to be the favorite in one part of the electorate not to be so, while in another not deemed deemed so favorable he heads the poll. And the names of candidates havo been jumbled up in the ballot-box in a way that raises the wonder as to what principle, or want of principle, in fluenced the electors, What oonoord was there between Baker and Kirkpatricb, Hay and Maokie, or Baker, Hay, and Solomon P Yet they were all blended in the ballot-box, and the upshot is that the two with fewest points in common will have to represent the Southern Pro vince for the term of nine years. Apart from the incongruity of the selection probably the district will have little to complain of. In the oase of Messrs. Charleston and Guthrie, who were seleoted to represent the Central Province, they received large support from electors who were not directly inte re8ted in the labor movement, and they received this, not BO muoh from a wish to overthrow the other candidates, but be cause of a wish to give labor an oppor tunity of letting itself be heard in the Parliamentary discussion of the ques tions of the day. There was a desire for fairplay at the bottom of it; and the moderate charaoter of the candidates helped them in the good graces of the electors. We know little of Mr. Kirb patriok at this end of the distriot beyond the faot that he has identified himself with the labor movement. He has been largely taken on trust, and like Messrs, Charleston and Guthrie he received many votes outside what is known as the rankB ! of the labor party, and probably for the same reason as influenced in the Central Distriot. Looked at with party eyea the result of Saturday's election may be Bet down as a drawn battle, Eaoh aide Bqqred a win. But we are not dispoeod to accept the position that there ought to bo any con flict of opinion on the issue put forward. Capital and labor have no /ight to be fighting; they should be in the same boat, and the question that should influence is not which m?n will beat help to cet the better of the other, but which will legislate best to unite and make both prosper ? It should be a matter of little oonsequonoe whether a candidate was a wealthy man or a poor man; a worker with his head or a worker with hia handa: huh u should be a vital point that he should be a man able to look all round a question and form a aound judgment as to what issue will beat promote the welfare of all affected by it, A representative worthy of a Beat in the Legislative Oounoil should not be a mere party man, but rather one as far as possible free from those traits of character which would lead him to sat class against class or do a good turn to the one he sympathises with at the expense of those in the opposite scale. We need only uow express the hope that the gentlemen who have been ohosen will wot'k together fot the good of the country, Burning queatlona may speedily come before themt but we hope they will take the position of judges rather than of partisans nnd do their best to ptowote tne common weaU SEVERE GHOSTS prevailed here on Monday and Tuesday nights, On Monday night the ground thermometer at the Telegraph Office registered 270 I\, and yesterday morning a white hoar froat covered the ground, THK STRANDING OV THE GLAMIS.-The master of the barque Glnmis hna supplied the following oftioial report to the President of the Marine Board t-"I beg to acquaint you that the Glamia under my command was stranded six miles south of Kingston on the morning of the 12th inst, and the cause of tho accident t I attribute to the breaking of tho stock of the ] anchor end tho dragging of the same, and tho . aeeoud anchor failing to bring her up before ehe Itwnded, J gent for Meifitwauts, The stream anchor being1 run out several times to seaward with heaving heavy strain on the same failed to move her, but oame home each time, although clear chocked with seaweed. The Yatala steamtug came alongside at 7.30 a. in, of the IStb, and taking us in tow got us oil at 0 a.m, on the same day. I then proceed to Adelaide in tow of the Yatala, as Captain Gibbon (Lloyd's surveyor) recommended me to do, seeing that the Bhip had been on the ground for about twenty-six hourB." The date of the enquiry has not yet been derided upon, LITERARY SOCIETIES-Early in February, aa has already been recorded iu the Watoh, a meeting of delegates from the local literary societies was held to ooimder the adviaability of establishinff a union, which, it was proposed, would have lor its object the cultivation of a friendly feeling between the sooieties, arranging competitions in debates, eaaaya, impromptu speaking, manusoript magazines, poems, sing' ing, novelettes, and other subjects. As a result of that meeting the various societies in the South-East wera communicated with to asoer> tain whether they would favor the formation uf a purely South-Laatern union, or en affiliation with the South Australian Literary Societies Union in Adelaide. The matter has ainoe been iu abeyance pending replies. On Friday laat tha delegates again met, There were preaent -Meaara. J. U, Jnnea and J. Shepherd, repre aenting the Mount Gambier Mutual Improve ment Society, 0. Row Morgan and G, H. Lynch the Australian Natives Association, and Mr, J, A, Parkes (secretary to the delegates) the Wesleyan Literary Association, Mr, Innea presided, The replies from the various South Eastern societies being unfavorable to the formation of the union, the idea of a purely South-Eastern combination was abandoned. A eoheme for the formation of branch unions of the South Australian Union in country districts, drafted by a Bub-committee appointed by the executive of the South Australian Literary Sooieties Union was discussed, and met with the entire approval of the delegates, It was then resolved that the matter be urged upon the societies by their respective delegates, and the result made known at a meeting to be held ahortly. The matter now seems to have taken a tangible form, aud there is every pro bability of a branch being formed to affiiliate with the parent union, The advantages of Buch a formation are numerous, members being able to compete for all subjects not re quiring a personal attendance at the annual oompetitiou in the Adelaide Town Hall and a participation in the gratuitous distribution of the Year Book being worthy considerations. THE Adelaide police succeeded in raidiDff another gambling saloon in Adelaide on Sunday morning, They captured six of the gamblers red-handed, and would have captured more but that a number of them were exoited over the elections, and were, therefore, absent. THE direotora of Block 14 ahow a profit of £10,673 for the half-year ended March 81, and carry forward a balance of £6,774. The smelters were only running about half time, owing to the soaroity of water, which ia now practically overoome. Better results are expeoted this ye ar, and a fourth smelter will be set going as soon as water can be obtained for it, TUB industrial exhibition in Adelaide oon>1 tinuea to draw well, and visitors find the show of goods well worthy of inspection, A HITCH has occurred in the oity as to the registration of votes for the Legislative Council. The Act provides that an elector must own property worth £50 clear, or lease one of the value of not less than £25 a year, The Registrar, however, objects to put persons on the roll who return themselves as paying a rent of 10s, per week. The Government will be appealed to on the point, and no doubt a satisfactory solu tion of the difficulty will be found. WmnyAN HOME MISSION,-The Rev, 0, T, Newman, of Adelaide, Secretary of the Wealeyan Home Miaaion Fund, conducted the services in the Mount Gambler Church on Sunday, and collections were made in aid of the Home Missions of fcha Ohuroh, On Mon day evening a publia meeting in aid of the missions was held, Mr, 9, T, Webb presided, and addresses were delivered by the Revs, 0. T. Newman and J, Leggoe, Meetings in con nection with the fuud will be held at various places in the circuit during this week. Il was lately reported that a splendid fossil supposed to be of a whale, was found in the Grange Burn, near Hamilton, The discovery excited some interest in scientific oircles, and Mr. Sweet, F,R G.9., arrived In Hamilton last Saturday to inapeot the find. The result of the inspection is thus told by the Spectator s-" He examined it carefully nnd then pronounced it to be an interesting deposit of calcite of lime. He states that there has been a spring of water heavily oharged with caloite of lime, running down to the oreek, and that the lime has been deposited gradually iu the water channel until it has formed into a stone taking the shape of the ground where it formed, ana in this way the fiah-iilce appearance of its for mation has been obtained." LAUGH QUINOES.-Mr. P. MaoMahon hoB left at our office two inunstar quingea grown by him at Worralong. They are of the peat shaped variety, and are another proof of the ada{)t» ability of the Worrolong diatriot for fruit growing, EXPORT Ob1 BUTTER I?ROM WARRNAMBOOL, Tho export of butter from seven Warrnainbool district factories for the ensuing season is now estimated at 362 tons. The officers of the Department of Agriculture estimated it at be tween (iO and 80 tons. The factories are ready to engage apace for the former amount, and the Western Province Butter and OheeBe Factories Association have resolved to ask Mr. Martin to secure the apace required on the ocean-going steamers, The Association waa fairly launched on its career on Friday (the Standard says), though at one stage of the pro ceedings it was feared the rook on which it would split was the question of holding a month's milk in advance of payments. A LARGE POTATO,-We have on view at our office the largest potato we have yet seen this season. It ia of the Brown's River variety, and was grown by the Messrs, Ruwoldt Bros,, at Yahl, in a orop of twelve aores, The weight of the potato is 3 lbs, 11 ounces, ' MR, A, MAOARTHUR informs ua that he ia a heavy loser through dogs worrying his eheepi Lately 16 were worried in his paddock at O.B. Flat, and yesterday two were literally torn to pieoeH at Mil Lei. He warns trespassers with dogs that they will be prosecuted, , FOOTBALL,-The first football match of the season will be played this afternoon on Frew Park, when fifteen members of the Junior Football Club will meet twenty AU-oomera under 18 years of ago. The following team has been selected to represent the Olub :-A. Anderson (Captain), P. Hay, J. MaoArthur, J, Anderson, A. Morris, A. Simmons, N. Anderson, W. Young, B, Darwent, F, Laird, H, Jens, F, ICont, P, Underwood, 0, Laurie, and P. Krummell, MOUNT GAMMER TKAOHKRS' ASSOCIATION, -The ordinary monthly meeting of the Mount Gambier Teachers' Association was held on Friday evening last at the Mount Gambier State flohool, There were present-Meaars, A. H, Neale (in the Chair), Harford, Albanus, Haddy, Thomas, and Chapman (Hon. Sec retary). Mr. Harford, who was ft delegate from the Mount Gambier Association, pre sented a report on the evidence given by teacherB before the Public Service Commission in Adelaide, during the Easter holidays,-A vote of thanks was paaaed to him for nia set* vices, Afterwards long diacusaiona arose on various educational matters, and the meeting did not close till 12 p.m. I THE Governor expects to be at Oodnadatta to-day, Hia further journey southward will be by rail, and he is due in Adelaide on Saturday. THE of Monday reports :-'. The Commissioner of Grown Lands returned to the oity on Friday evening. In company with Meaara. Ash and Handyside, M.P.'e, he left Adelaide on Thuraday morning to inspect some land in the Hundreds of Bonuey, Malcolm, and Glyde, which he had been requested to out up into email blocks. When the party reached Tailem Bend they left the train and proceeded to Wellington, inspecting Borne leases on the way in the Hundred of Seymour. From Welt lington they drove to Meniugie, and had a look at some land on the travelling stock reserve and other miscellaneous lenses, On Thureday nitfht a stay was made at Meningie, and next morning Mr. Copley drove to Coolte's Plains by way of various miscellaneous leaser At Cooke a Plains a deputation was introduced by Messrs, Ash and Handyaide to the Commissioner, urging that aome of tho land should be cut up into small blocks, and he promised to fully consider the reaueat." A LONDON correspondent reports " A con signment of New Zealand apples, per the Tongariro, created quite a boom in the fruit market this week, The beat Koglish apples cannot command more than 10a. per bushel, but the New Zealand apples iuat received were of such a superior quality tnat they realised at auction in Covent Garden from 15s. to 25a, jer bushel, The success of this consignment ms encouraged the general hope that a oteady and remunerative fruit trade between the antipodean coloniee and the London markets will now be thoroughly and systematical! y developed. It ia purely a question of careful packing. If the fruit ia well and carefully packed before being shipped from Australian or New Zealand ports, epkndid prices in the London markets are assured," A HORRIBLE PRAYER.-A Caatlemaine tele* gram in the Air/us of Saturday states.i-At the police court thia morning llenry Parkinson proceeded against hla wife for assaulting him, and alao threatening to burn his eyes out. Mr. Beat, who appeared for the nroapcutor, put in the following prayer which the defendant was alleged to be in the habit of offering up at meal time t->" Oh, God, have pity on me and relieve me of my adversary, remove him from the earth. Take him nwny. Take away the big ?rub, Why is he left to oumber the ground, le has now lived nearly ?0 years, and what good ia he ou earth, Take him away that someone may take hia place. Send disease upon him, or anything that will cause hia death. Ohoke hi in, olwko him j lpt him nf* live another day. Hear me, and answer me, or I will weary Thee-I will weary Thee, Amen." The Bench ordered fhe defendant |o iint\ two sureties pf £50 to keep the peace for 12 months, in default imprisonment for that term. THE Parliament of New South Walea was opened yesterday. It is reported that the firet item for consideration will be a vote of no-con tidence, TheGovernmentcountupona majority, MILLIOENT JDVENILE EXHIBITION.-It will be seen by our advertising columns that the St, Miohael's Sunday sohool at Millicent in tend holding a juvenile exhibition on June 24 in aid of the sohool building fund, It will be noted that entries for music, singing, and reci tations oloso on Monday, June 22, and that all juveniles in the distriot, whether of the Ohuroh of England or not, are invited to compete. OPERETTA. - The operetta, " The Fairy TranBformation," will be repeated on Thursday next in the Institute Hall by the young people of Christ Church, THE best value for money in Ladies' Mantles, Jackets, and Ulatera ia to be bad at Ja8. WHAN AND Co.'8, who are now ebowina Borne apecial bargains, which are well worth the attention of intending purobaBera.-iTruM, 