A REMARKABEL CONVERSION. (Continued from last week.) THROW UP YOUR RELIGION, ania come and have a drink;" adding that if I refused he would never speak to me again. I said, "No Charlie l" and he dashed into the open public house door himself. Ever since that time to the present, I thank, and praise my God, that He gave me, at that moment, so great a victory. Dear reader, this might seem no great thing to you, but it was a great moral victory to me at that time. Sad to tell, Charlie lived hardly 12 months after this, and died in a lonatic asylum. I could relate MANY SUCH INCIDENTS, still fresh upon my memory, but before concluding my story, must relate one more remarkable event." A SAD STORY. " I went'to see a inan I knew well, and told him the story of my conversion. To my great surprise he told me that he himself had been under very serious conviction of sin, and was one that God's gracious spirit. had striven long with, ever crying out within his inmost soul, "Turn ye, turn ye, why will ye die." But he said, "I paid no heed to it, and dashed the further into sin, till one day the gold Spirit seemed to strive and plead more earnestlly than ever, ard I shall never forget His entreaties on that occasion, but I yielded not." That day said the man, in tones of sadness, "THE SPIRIT CEASED TO STRIVE," and on I went, in my wicked course; and ncn, r since that day have I had the slightest inclination to be better. Looking me earnestly in the face he said, "Jack, when I die I shall be damned." MY MOTHER'S PRAYERS. "I remembered then my dear mother's prayers. In the swift panorama of my former Pie, which passed through my mind at that moment, her voice, long since silent, -sounded" like sweetest music, and like the bells of Heaven. luring my soul to Jesus, and pleading as only a mother can, for her wayward boy. Oh how I needed those prayers at that period of my life, when I felt quite satisfied with the things of the world; the empty and wicked pleasures being for years my great delight, for 'I thought I needed nothing, \- Nor riches, nor drers, nor sight, And on I went in darkness, Yet thought I was in the light. : w: : ^.-? o" _ But theLord then broke the spell, And woke me from my dream, , His light has shone around me, And now I live in Him." Dear sailors, and readers, you have had praying mothers and fiiends; and when at the grave side the clods of the valley fell more heavily upon your heart than UPON THE COFFIN LID. Your hearts were tender then, and you promised to meet them in heaven.- If you love them still, thereis only one way by which you can meet them there; that is by giving your heart to Jesus, and following in their footsteps. But if you neglect so great salvation, the day will come when the sea will boil like a pot, and the heavens be rolled up like a scroll, and "THE STARS FALL LIKE FIG LEAVES," then you shall hear the trumpet sound, " Come! come tojudgmentf' O sinner BE READY, BE READY to hall that great day. "I love the words of dear Roland Hill, who said, " Come ragged, come filthy, come loathsome; come bare. You can't come too filthy; come just as you are." I love the word "COME." U Come sinner, seek his face, Whose wrath you cannot bear, Fly to the shelter of His cross, Youll find salvation there." "If you will come like the prodigal son, and like the publican of old, saying, "God be merciful to me a sinner, for I have sinned against heaven and before Thee," my dear Saviour will open His lovingarms to receive you, and give you the kiss of forgiveness, and put upon you the best robe. Joseph's blessing shall be your portion; the bells of heaven shall ring out a glad hallelujah, and the angels clap their glad wings, and carry the joyful tidings to the Father's House, that another son is born into the blessed liberty and life of Jesus, my Saviour." "I've told my story, that every reader unsared may be brought to an aquaintance with the once crucified Jesus, but now exalted Saviour. .The Wonderful Counsellor, (will surely lead you to the fountain which the dying Jesus Himself opened for sin and unclean ness. This is the only way to the haven of pardon, peace, and joy. that my God has brought me into. "Do you wonder, dear reader, that I LOVE THE QUEEN'S WHARF, AND THE SAILORS' HOME MISSION. PRESENTATION TO MR. WEBB. Upon the last occasion of Brother Webb relating the story of his conversion, as given above, a very gratifying tribute was presented to him by a number of recent converts of the Sailors' Home Mission; shewing at once their appreciation of Brother Webb's earnest efforts for their spiritual welfare, as well as the .great work the Mission is doing in attracting and rescuing those whose Oabirs and manner of life cut them off very largely from other christian influences of the city. This tribute consisted of A LARGE BEAUTIFULLY BOUND BIBLE. Upon a silk book-mark, placed opposite the let chapter of Romans, was written the following INSCRIPTION. SAILORS' HOME MISSION. SPrNCcn STREET, IELaBOUR.E,, Sunday, August 10th, 1890. "Presented to our dear Leader, IIBOTHER JOHN WEBB, by some of the young converts of the Sailors' Home Mission, as a mark of loreand esteem in which he is held by them.-" May God bless him and spare him long amongst as for his noble work." Accompanying the Bible was another very pleasing tribute. This was from a young lady convert, who, from a grateful heart, suitably expressed, in gilt writing on a gelatine tablet, her indebtedness to Brother. Webb's zeal and untiring service for the benefit of others. Round the tablet was a beautiful .arrangement of delicate New Zealand Ferns. QUEEN'S WHARF SERVICES. All who attend the services at the Queen's Wharf Tent, and other meetings of the Sailors' Home Mission, are-at once impressed with Brother Webb's force of character. It is, however, to his Christian mother, undoubtedly,-from her example, prayers, and teaching,-that he owes, under God, many of the rare personal qualities which make him so acceptable and so successful as a leader. The energy and self-sacrificing zeal with which HE LEADS THE MISSION is apparent to all, and to make it a successful means of winning souls is the one aim of his life. His tender regard, and loving anxiety for the saving of thle lost, his child-like simplicity, his implicit trust in the power of God's Word and in the Gospel of Jesus, is all unconsciously seen in his every word and action. The eye and face of Brother Webb is usually lit up with intense feeling and animation, his words, ringing with a native force and fire, are irresistible. He carries his hearers with him, and eloquently bespeaks his ever.glowing LOVE TO HIS MASTER (JESUS). The marked attention, the glistening eye, or the falling tear attest the influnence and power of Brother Webb over his hearers. The lion and the lamb is in every feature of the man, and, by God's grace, beautifully blended and used for the hlighest welfare of his fellow men. Indeed, J.esus, the sinner's friend, and all-sufficient Saviour, is Brother Webb's all.absorbing theme, and he seems ever ON THE MOUNT OF CONSECRATED SERVICE, pointing the lost ones to the cross, and thle faithful ones to the crown. And oft, when at the Queen's Wharf, ard other meetings of the Sailors' Home Mission, have we realised the force and beauty of the prophetic passage of Isaiah: "Righteousness shall be the girdle of his loins, and faithfulness the girdle of his reins." . "The wolf also shall dwell with tihe lamb, and the leopard shall lie down with kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling together : and a little child shall lead them." The fulfilment of this is seen, notonly in the leader himself and the noble band of workers that gather around him, but also in the numerous and SPLENDID EXAMPLES of truly converted sailors and others whoI have been rescued and brought to a saving knowledge of Jesus through the instrumentality of the Sailors' Home Mision. The presence of thlese converts at every meeting forms one of the brightest and happiest features of the work. A LETTER IN THE SOUTIIERN CROSS. A lette? from Miss Booth, Hon. Secretery of the Y. W. C. A., Melboiurn appeared in the Southern Cross, of August 8th, 1890, and eloquently testifies to the power of God's Spirit manifested in the meetings at the Sailors' Home, and affords striking evidence of the success of the Mission; honoured as it is by God, as the means of winning precious souls to Jesus at aloost every meeting. A TESTIMONY. TO THE EnDITOR OF TIlE "SOUTHIEBSN Cnos5s." "Dear Sir,-As I know that your columns are always openfor the advocacy of every good work, I feel sure that your readers would like to hear of a grand " MISSION" that has been carried on in our midst for the last five years. ' So quietly, so unostentatiously, has the good work teen done, that there is danger of its being overlooked, except by those Who take part in this work, and those who have derived tenefit from it. The number of the latter is more than ran be reckoned up, as many of yhem are now in far distant countries, and some bare already reached the Father's Home. The Mission I desire to make known to your readers is called the "SAILORS' HOME MISSION," and is conducted by my worthy friend, Mr. John Webb. Ai-out six years ago Mr. Webb arrived from London with his heart full of the love of God. He was a poor man; hlie had not had the benefit of a college education ; but he hadI been baptised with the Holy Ghost. The same power which enabled the fisherman, Peter of Galilee, to proclaim the glorious Gospel of the Grace of God, enabled our belovdd brother, Mr. Webb, to colmmence, alone and single-handed, the mission which has been such a grand euccess. Mr. Webb legan by holding open-air meetings and by visiting the ships on the wharf. The Lord put it into his heart to ask for the use of the Sailors' Home dining hall, Spencer Street, on Sunday nights. By the great kindness of the committee of that institution, this was granted 