Kooking- Back ward. [ LOOKING BAOKWABD once more. Ah, there ia more theo the home and the haunts ol ohildhood and youth to remember. There are faces whioh gaze at us from the twilight of the years, kind friends, true companions. Along with them, too, there ia the ghost of our own past self. For our past ia dead as truly as the past of thoso who went before) us, and who have long lain in the Tillage church- yard. Tot their past and our own lives in us, and not a BUbtle thought or fino shade of feeling, or kindly emotion or generous notion of those long past days is lost, nor can be lost whilo this world laBts. Well is it for us if our ambition has been to leave the world noblor and botter than we fonnd it. Then, indeed, looking backward need be to ns no comfortless tragedy, albeit tbe retrospect ia solemn ; but we may with mixed smiles and, tears gaze baok over the years, knowing that we have not done altogether ignobly, that we have not failed altogether in life's race, that some may yet arise who will recollect that we wrought patiently and perseveringly, that wo behaved gently, that we acted righteously, that we esteemed generously, and, remembering these things, they shall call oar memory blessed. We have seen and known much, and may now profitably "consider the days of old, and the years of anaient times." For ns, hence- forth, the life of contemplation more than of action. Wo have seen the wonders of soienoe, the triumphs of art, tho difference of customs, the advance of éducation, tho diffusion of comforts (which fifty years ago were confined to the affluent) among tho multitude. Tes, wo have seen much. Our backward look may be no profitless and barren study. But we have a long time yot to live, we have not exhansted the capabilities of onr souls. . If not hore, there are other worlds where the spirit '. of man may take up the thread of life afresh, andi ' tread with exhaustless vigour the "asphodel meadows " of the brighter country. And surely for all of us that life will be the brighter, and all the better, if we can look backward upon this little speck of earthly existence without the shame of the idler or the remorse of the slave._ 