OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (F&01C OUB OWN^CO&BXBPORBBNT.;) ? Fbb&uabt; 24. According to the' tricksy oorrespondant of the ill-used Ualvolio, ' some are bom . K)&t;, some achieve greatness, and some ve greatness thrust upon them.' The reflection is suggested by the fall of an uahappy one, who, having had greatness thrust upon him, has been summarily that oblivion from which he should never, have been required to emerge. Hie miser able name was Watts, and by it was also called the stream (Watts Biver) which during the week His Excellency the Go vernor has started discharging its limpid : waters into the Yah Yean reservoir.' It is a common custom to bestow upon prominent peaks, rivers, lakes, etc., the proper namee of illustrious citizens and nigh-born grandees ; and it might readily have been supposed that in a lucid moment the Vic torians had, in so naming their river, desired to honor the memory oE .the great mechanician engineer, and almost inventor of the steam engine. Bat, alae I ic looking into the matter a colonial archaeologist discovered that the ttattstwhosepatronymic was borrowed for the river-naming pur pose, was only a vile convict, a miserable assigned aervant who was chivied through this world so unmercifully that he took his departure for the next, via the stream which henceforth bore the suicide's : and as we could not be expected to perpetuate this incident, the Watts Biver Water SUnnlv WAfl. On it A Aiwnino loaf: Wednesday duly re-cbrUtened the ' Ha roondah,' which native philologists inter pret to mean the H throwing.' However, this does not matter to Yictorian nomen clatoru. Haroondah sounds well, and it disposes of that convict suicide, while for the rest Watts in a name 1 Call brum tone lavender, t'will smell tbe same. The tapping of tbe supply 'tann a grand Addition our water supply, and really in this particular the government bave done their duty to the great big overgrown com munity grandly, I do remember well when Melbourne was supplied from the tiuiups wuuu biuou un vue oanzs or tne Yarra, in the long-gone days, when the waters of the stream were pure potable. Well, also, do I recollect as a very small boy paying «Tpfnno for a half-pint of water out of a bucket, the owner of which stood on the corner of Bourke and Elizabeth streets. The old reservoir on the Eastern Hill is a relic of those days when the life-giving fluid was scarce, and the dust so plentiful that you could take a shovel, dig steps in it, and walk right up —and then theYan Yean scheme, considered to be the ne plus ultra of schemes, was carried out to supply the city with water. Bince then it has been a case of 11 pull devil, puli baker,*' the city and suburbs growing and growing to overtake the capacity of the reservoir, tbe water supply department adding tributary after tributary to it to keep ahead. Five other sources have thus been 1 Vn vuo x \,j/ wver ana iib I affluents, and though it has often been ' i ' nip and tuck,' by this latest intake ! which ndds 25,000,000 of gallons to the 1 daily supply, the department has now ee- 1 tabushed a decided lead. \ It is notmerely a ! dty system, but it extends, thoroughly^- ! ticulated; throughout every suburb, audi, dwelling out in the Country nine milee from Uelbourne, have my house supplied with water drawn from ttie^Yan Yean, nearly 30 miles distant. There was a grand gathering at the Haroondah head works on Wednesday when His Excellency first M let her gush,' and as the day was not and the way from the coach track about 2ft deep in dust he made a very happy speech on the subject of blends, whiskey blends, water blends, aud— better still with practical illustra tions—of whiskey and water blends. Is it marvellous after this that the Governor's speeches are so popular? From water one pa&ses; to fire by the mofit natural (Mel bourne) transition imagin able ; and though our bleze at the luggage room, Bpancer-etreet, has ooet us a pretty penny, people are almost regretting that it aid not take the whole block of crazy, rotten, disreputable rabbit-hutches which serve us as a chief metropolitan station. ! and so hurry on the completion and use of the new pile adjoining. This is now n ear- ing the finishing point, and it presents a most imposing appearance to the eye, both as regards extent and architectural charac ter. Tbe viaduct which will connect it with the Flinders-street and Prince's Bridge stations, and so embrace all lines in one system, is also well on, though pro gress is very slow ; almost aB slow as that which Tyndall refers to when speaking of II the pussionlesb energy of a glacier ' ; but it is a grand work, and when completed win oe one ot tne great teatures 01 the city. I told you in a recent letter of the pla tinum complication, how John and Percy HacHeikan started a company to prospect for coal at Coal-ac, and bow, as their metal lurgist Found affirmed, they struck plati num ; how they floated a company ; how Rfff Hurray and Cosmo Newhsry declared there was no trace of platinum in the ore ; and how Mr Found, disproving the adage ex nihito nihil fit , kept on pro duclDg platinum from his crucibles, while he denounced the crass and benighted ignorance of the other 6cientiets. However, all things were to have been straigthened, at a meeting of shareholders held last Thursday, when a report was to have been read confounding tbe science of Newbery and of Murray, while ae a crowning evidence Mr Pound was to produce 12oz of platinum as the clear proof of hie own ability, and of the va'ue of the mioe. The meeting assembled, but it soon transpired that there was a ecrew — or in fact a whole packet of Cham berlains and Nettlefolds— loose. In short, ; Mr Poun«l had skipped, the platinum had gone with him, and instead ot the unlucky chairman reading the report he decided to withdraw it, and to ask for a week's ad journment to try andimpound Found. There was an awful row, and there will be a worse on Thursday, but I am persuaded that the MacMeikans have been thoroughly duped by the so-called metallurgist who was a large shareholder, and who has salted the crucibles to get rid of his worthless scrip. As 1 eaid in my last referenoe to it, it was rather a singular revelation of in competence on the part of our public officials, or the most impudent attempt to swindle ever tried on the Melbourne public. This will just about close Mr Pound's £23,000 action against Mr Cosmo Newbery, though it has already cost the latter not a little to enter a defence and retain counsel! Still, etraage to say, tbe notion is entertained ihat Pound has not departed for good, but tbat he wi l turnup like iack-in-tbe-box on rhursday, and as a result of this belief the tcrip has r covered a little. If things turn out so 1 shall eay that Mr Found is not a common swindler, hut only half B and half F. A long while ago I let myself out for the benefi of the readers of the Laily Tele ? graph fn describing what a perfectly gojgcous aud unsurpaBsab e Eort of a clock we were going to have in our Post Office tower, and how it was going to eclipse tbe Boyal Comic Opera Company and the Vic- tori an Orchestra put together, in t,b& ; variety and multiplicity of its musical selections. Verily Fhomme propose, et Dieu dispose, and that clock has Deeo a civic nightmare since tbe day an attempt was made to get it into position. First the space was too small tor tbe machinery and bells, and the question was whether to try and bulge out the walls or build the crowded-out apparatus on to a platform over Bourke and Elizabeth-streets. At last the thing was made to keep time, and then it was found that the carrillons and bells wete all wrong and the mechanism tf50 weak for the musical box business. Experiments — despairing experiments-* ] hbve been going on for Pome time, and now it is understood that the mechanists have done their best possible. Ye gods ! such a best 1 I went right down under the tower to hear them yesterday, for you do not stand a ghost of a chance a street away. Flrist there was a warning jangle, then the clock stru:k the hour all right, and then there was a pause succeeded by an awful riot, as though a number of amateurs were trying to ring a peal of triple bob major and making the usual amateur mess of it. Alter the first fit it started in again, while 1 retrained my imagination to try and con ceive what waa the item. At last, just as 1 wae leaving, I contrived to get at one strain, which to my chagrin and disgust convinced me that 1 had been listening to 'Rule Britannia.' Please get a musical box, break half tbe studs off the arm, and throw the steel points out of tune, then start it at 41 Rule Britannia,' and you will have it a la Melbourne Post Office clock. Our railway porters are such excruciat ingly funny fellow?. The othbr day a fiick man. getting out of fa .- car riage called one to carry his ' lug gage, and the . genial humorist respond^ 1 with, ^Carrryer luggage, eh: whereto— i the. Morgue?' The passenger was [so lost : $0 all sense of fun that he actually com- ' plained, and there . is a vacancy 6n that man's platform just now. I have just dropped across a boy with a streak of luck that should make a student's mouth water. He is a third yearpookie Agricultural State College ' Man,'-sbd hap pens to be the only one in his class, the highest. Still prizes, flrsc, second, and third, were to be awarded for every eubiect, with a gold medal for Dux, ana various specials. There being but one competition,it is hardly wonderful that he came out top in each nubject, and included iu his- own proper ^ersoa the combined merit of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd prize-taker — and that boy simply had to get a wheelbarrow to convey his hardly»ejmed prizes to the railway station. There is much talk about the Oswald Twist acquittal on the charge of firing.the Palace Hotel. It is the rider as to undue influence in the attempt to secure a convic tion, reflecting on Wilson the landlord and the detectives, which is the cause of com ment. The bother is to find a motive in this puzzle. The burning down of the hotel would mean ruin to Wilson, and he has already suffered heavily in loss of custom through the attempts. If Twist lit the fires it was the act of a madman. The hard sweating, the flat contradictions, and downright perjury are equally inexplicable and most unsatisfactory of ail is the fact that such a series of crimes can be com mitted in the very heart of the city with out detection following. Meanwhile the man Twist is undergoing a sentence for perjury in connection with a case, upon the main charge of which he stands acquitted— the Cutler business over again. 