General Booth in Bathurst ——♦—— AN ENTHUSIASTIC WELCOME. A BIG PROCESSION. MONSTER MEETING. 'DARKEST ENGLAND AND THE WAY OUT' General Booth, the head of the Salvation Army, paid a flying visit to Bathurst last night for the purpose, chiefly, of explaining his scheme for the reclamation of the 'sub- merged tenth' by settling them upon 'over sea colonies.' There accompanied him on his trip across the mountains, Commissioner Coombes, Colonel Nicol, Colonel Kilbey, Brigadier Rothwell, Major Barrett and Staff-captain Moss. AT THE RAILWAY STATION. A very large number of Salvation soldiers and 'lasses,' some of whom were 'gorgeously arrayed in red, and all of whom displayed either the color or the letter which dis- tinguished the members of the Army from ordinary mortals, were assembled to meet the man who of all men stands highest in their esteem ; while others who do not belong to the Army had gathered there to see the man who of all men is just how the most com- manding figure in the social and political world of Australia — the two parties united forming an immense crowd. There were greeting cheers, of course, as the train steamed into the station, and every neck was strained in the endeavour to catch sight of the 'General'; but very few formalities were observed. There was no address, no speech- making, very little introduction ceremony ; and shortly after the wheels of the train had ceased to revolve, the distinguished visitor was being driven from the station to the residence of Rev. Charles Stead, whose guest he was during his very brief stay in the city. The crowd followed the vehicle to the Wesleyan parsonage, and waited for some time in the street expecting that General Booth would show himself and address them ; but he did not make any public appearance, and while those who did not wear the colors went home to tea, the Army contingent pro- ceeded to the Barracks to prepare for the 'BLOOD AND FIRE' PROCESSION. The march commenced at 7 o'clock, the starting place being the Army Barracks. It, was a big affair, and with torches blazing in double tiers along the whole line of the regi ment of 260 strong, the bands played and the soldiers sang in fashion all their own. In due course the School of Arts was reached, and there was a strong and steady rush for places, the whole of the time preceding the General's appearance on the scene being occupied by the crowd in settling itself com- fortably for hearing. Every part of the large building was filled, oven the front chairs in the body of the hall, for a sitting in which the modest sum of 5s was demanded, being all occupied. The back of the stage was occupied by the officers of the Army and a large number of the Salvation soldiers and lasses, whose dusty jackets and, boots indi- cated that the march through the streets was an exercise calculated to take the gloss off the brightest articles. On the front of the dress circle were two large mottoes running thus :— 'The Western Division pledges Fidelity,' and 'Western Salvationist Greeting to our Beloved Leader.' Punctually at 8 o'clock, General Booth appeared on the stage, and as he stepped forward, Commissioner Coombes gave the command to 'Fire a Volley,' which was straightway done with great heartiness ; said volley consisting of a blare of trumpets, cheers, clapping hands waving of handker- chiefs, and shouts of ''Hallelujah' and 'Glory.' The General was accompanied to the plat- form by Revs. Dr. Geekie, Chas. Stead, and H. Jones, and these gentlemen were accom- modated with seats in front of the soldiers. As he sunk back in the large easy chair that had been provided for him, General Booth wore a fagged and weary look, which did not leave him until he got well into his address and had warmed up to his work, when voice and gesture and glance indicated that sense of physical tiredness had disappeared under the galvanism of the mighty work, which, absorbs him The proceedings were commenced with the song 'Oh, my Comrades in the Fight,' and prayer by Colonel Nicol, followed by a prayer from the General. Then Brigadier Rothwell sang a solo, with the chorus — I'm a blood and tire soldier from top to toe, I rout the old Devil wherever I go ; I recruit for my Saviour, my colors I show, And I'm engaged in the Salvation war. During the singing of one or two of the verses a couple of hoodlums at the rear of the hall endeavored to create a diversion by mocking the singer, but for a time he ap- peared to take no notice of the interruption. Suddenly, however, he stopped, and pointing to the disturbers, said in a voice which car- ried conviction with it, 'No more of that, if you please. I caught you that time. I don't allow either man or devil to interrupt my meetings ; and if you don't let a word to the wise be sufficient you'll unceremoniously find yourselves where you don't want to be.' The threat was greeted with applause, and never a sound was heard thereafter from the bold spirits who had caused the interruption. THE GENERAL'S ADDRESS. As General Booth rose to speak he' was greeted with prolonged applause. He said' that he always' felt when addressing an audience on the great social question that he was in tbe midst' of friends. Although some did not know much about the scheme he had in hand, and others did not approve, of it, yet they always listened to bis explana tion of it, and good came ant of it., Even when his achemo was hot understood ho had never afraid ol the judgment which would be Formed. His people had announced that he would speak ou the mihject of ' Darkest England, and the way out,' und he was bnly coo pleased to do so. He wus always pre pared to give a reasou for the hope within him, ?nd his desiro was to carry a blessing to all »round him. In order to roi'or to tho suuoino ao had in band, it would be necessary for him bo go back over a few yonrs and shew from fvhat it had sprung. He was satisfied that if it could bo carried out, on anything liko, iu adequate area, it would be equal to the greatest movement ever set on foot' for tasuagiug the sorrow of the poor, 'and delivering the three million souls in. England now in the darkest ocean of sin, and bound bv vicious habits,-- without friends, home, ami soiDo of them without eveu bread. It was a largo order to undertake to accomplish this work, and the £100,000 he had already received would not go very far in assisting him in currying it out. He had only hoped tbat with this he coald' make experiments.' Not only in England, but in all parts of the world the poor were to be found. It bad been urged as a good reason why hiB scheme should bo opposed that 'these''' countries had enough of their own poor already without having the poor of London thrust upon them. One of the New York journals, when commenting on his plan, stated that there were 350,000 living in ' that city in the slums, who were in as bad and destitute a condition as the poorest in London. The evil was growing rapidly,' and must continue to grow because the remedies uiorp inaripmiatp tn deal with it. The plan he purposed would deal with the svil. The topic was one which should interest all who had the welfare ol their Fellow-men at heart, and no one who had not this was worthy of consideration. It was the principal and not the method to which he was referring: Methods could, and did, change, but principles were un alterable. ? It was well known that the Salvation Army sprang into existence only, some twenty-six years ago, but at the anniversary celebration in Crystal Palace in July last there were 30,000 persons taking part in the service. Twenty-six years ago he was engaged in preaching the everlasting gospel of the grace of God, and in moving. up and down in his .work, lie was appointed to labor in East London, where so much misery, sin and trouble sxisted. He was satisfied that every large city, had its' East' End where vice ind misery predominated. Many who were thus living had been overtaken by svil habits, and had never been able to rise. Others were there simply because af their poverty, and poverty was a mis Fortune, not a crime.. (Applause.) He would endeavour to clear away some sf the dust which' appeared to ob scure their vision. He had no doubt that two thirds of that class whom he was lesirbus of helping were as true and lonest working people as the people of \ustralia. They were anxious to -work,, aut could not get work to do. They showed their' willingness to work by remaining where they were year in and ;rsar out earning on an average us per week upon which they were compelled to teep a wife and family, j He knew of men who would not face this difficulty, poverty ind privation, but would run away, fhe people were in thedifficulty and could not get out, but he intended to help them }ut (Applause), and he claimed the assist ince of the people in his plan. (Applause.) Fwenty-six years ago he had been led to 00k at this suffering people with spiritual jyes, and he found that when he could look at their souls he was better able to jet results. For forty-five years the con viction had been growing upon him, that if he could get at the souls of the people lie would soon get their bodies. He saw Lhe people in their misery, and was fasci nated beyond measure by the gin palaces, and the constant stream of people who were moving backwards and forwards towards them, fighting and struggling in their misery. This sight fascinated him far more 'than the churches and church goers. Here were thousands as sheep without a shepherd, and he decided to give his life up to assist in saving what was known as the scum of London. (Applause.) But what had tuny got from tho scheme '! Some of the best kind of men and women now in the Salvation Army. He likened himself to a fisherman, not one who followed lhe game from love of tho sport, but. an oue anxious to cam a livelihood for ; a starving family. Such a fisherman would find out which' kind of bait was' most successful, and when oue'Jailed would^try another. He had adopted' this plan, and had aaught some peculiar kinds of fish— great sharks, some of them. Some, the devil had snatched from him again, bat he had caught some magni ficent sorts who had proved fuithful und true. (Applause.) The Salvation Army hud two principles on which it worked, and its sol diers .wore not such fools us some people took them. to be. Some said General Booth was a fool, but he thought ho could prove, they were mistaken. (Loud Applause.) He might say that the Salvation Army did not wear the jersey, , adopt peculiar uniform, -subject r.hemsolves to ridicule, scorn and indignities of all kinds, and parade the streets in all weathers, because' tliey liked it. 'They did this with the object, of catching fish. (Ap plause.) Twenty-six years ago ho stood alone. After a time a few gathered round him, but these left when they found .the work that had to be performed. He' suc- ceeded in keeping two of the workers, and otio of these was useful in keeping , the door, while the other took up the collection. (Laughter.) Some people cried oat because the' Army said so much about the collections, but what else could they do ? They could not carry on the work they had in hand without money, and until 'those' who had money to^spare. ran after them with it, and made 11 freewill ofl'oring, they must continue to beg ', und even if they did not want ;it, they would ask for' it, knowing' that giving was such a blessing. t At the outset they haa a great deal to do in inakiug their way nnd organising their forces Gradually their, numbers increased,- until to-day, they had men and wotnon in all parts of the world, just us auxious to push forward the work of Christ, as the Army wits in~ London twenty six years' ago. (Applause.) The Hag was flying in thirty-six- different countries, and they had S000 different societies, all of which wero self-supporting und solf- inauaging. Thoy had 11,000 officers, men and women, who hud left homo und friends, und all the com forts which surrounded them, in order to do. this work. Many of these went with their lives in their handu to save their fellow men. Lot 'them reckon up nnd see tlio work thut hnd been ' done, and no otber religious or ganisation could claim such results. (Ap plause.) In the way of. paper literature thoy stood at tho head of every religious organi sation in the .world.'. They h'atl -twenty-five papers issued' in fourteen different languages wjtb an issue of 710,000 of one and 150,000 of another' publication. The Army was grow ing every day. -. This success wan caused, not only by 'the zeal .of their officers, but bficuuao each ' soldier felt his and her ltijpounibility in - carrying put tbe 'work. (Applause.) If he wanted a thousand more soldiers to-morrow to go out and labor in the field they would go without asking what their pay would be, or how many liourd they would have to work.' Tiiey went out trusting to Providence, and leaving; all in his hand. He was ashamed at' the small amount of progress which Christianity has made during tho past 2000 years, and the secondary position that religious bodies bad to take in 1 he world. He urged his . soldiers to stand Bhoulder tn shoulder in maintaining the principles they had professed. He urged them to be real blood and fire soldiers and they would accomplish a work over- which tbe angels in Heaven would sing. ' (Applause.) There were /'three great experimental principles which every Salvationist understood. The first was that he should feel and know that his relations with God were such as to make him safe Jor time and eternity, his sins being forci ven and 'God beine bis Friend. The second principle was thut he should receive the power of the Holy Ghost to make his life better. He did not care what uniform the man wore, nor what songs he sang, if ho was not a good matter or servant, a kind neighbor and true parent to his children, honest and sober in his life, he was not in the right way. The third principle was that of love to others. They should be fillod with the spirit of sym pathy and love which was in Christ, living not' for themselves but for others. Thus they would sec what forces the Army had to dra« upon in their work. When ho told his soldiers ho wanted a man or a woman Cor Australia or Iiidia no qiiostion as to payment or hours was asked. They trusted in God, and went forth simply to do good. It was out of this desire to do good to tho bodies as well as the souls of men that this Kocial scheme had originated. All must admit that the Army had done a groat deal for the bodies of men. See tho thousands of harlots who had been brought in from the streets, and restored to their families, how many drunkards 'had been' rcclaimod a/id were now living honorable, sober lives, many of them assisting in the work of the Army. (Applause) ' lie did not know how it was he was brought to think of this great social i scheme, but ut the time his dear wife lay dying. 11 is wife had been his chief support in the great work of tlio Army, and- she «as slipping uway from him. She wns a dovotod und earnest Christian worker und had beau, his com panion' for yours, und she wus dying. It was at this moment that be thought touiu thing 'would have to' bo done, nnd he looked at ilio'ciroum stances of tho ease. He wished he could indued the 'people of Australia to look at it as ho hud done. Tliey could do so 111 fancy although they wore J.S,0l)O miles away. The Australians urged that England should look after her own paupers, ua there wero plenty of paupers in Australia already. He was satisfied they would not continuo to think this if they saw tbe 'schemo in the right li^ht. If they were enthusiastic sympathisers with humanity they would be anxious to see some thing done. Having thought out his scheme he mentioned it to his friends and vo-workors. Some, applauded it and urged him to carry it out; others sneered dt him and suidit was itnpructiouble. Ho was not disheartened but set to work and it had come'out an they now saw it, und although the success had exceeded his expectations he whs going on to even greater success. (Loud applause.) The threo millions of people of whom ho spoke us the 'submerged tenth' might b^ divided into threo classes. The first was; the criminal class1 — very small, being' less than 85,000 whi|e 40,000 of these .were juve niles. Even if it were possible for him to catch the whole of this 40,000 it was only a handful, and they,, deserved a chance to; reform. Then they had the. vicious class, principally composed of the poor unfortunate drunkard. . Amongpt his brightest and best companions in the work of the Army were those who' had been reclaimed from drunkenness. Thou sands of others were desirous of giving over this habit, and would be able to do so if they could be] placed where they could not : get hold of the drink. This left about two millions to be accounted for, and amongst these could be counted those who were suffering from abject poverty, caused through no fault of their own. They had been brought to this condition through strikes, failures of their masters; and other causes. They were men and women with families who, having lost all , they were possessed of, were unable to move from the hovels in which they lived, and no one had. helped them. ' This -vas a large class,-, which might be further divided. Quite 6o' per cent, of the working classes in East London were 'odd-jobbers,' men who had gone to London from villages and farms hoping to get employment, but who had failed. They, gradually dropped down 'and became submerged in the crowds. They only want a helping hand; and if placed on a farm with a barrow and shovel they would soon give a good. account of themselves. (Applause.) Although there were many objectionable peopls in this class, there were hundreds who if the opportunity were given them of improving their position would be the right stamp to strengthen any; new colony and build it up. (Applause.)',. Of course it would be necessary to take hold of these and give them a proper training. He was opposed to indiscriminate charity, and held that all who received support should earn it. It was on this principle that this scheme was based. (Applause.) Every man had a right to the necessaries of life, and he considered that .it was nothing short of murder tor society to allow men to die, in their streets for want of food and clothing. But those receiving aid (should only do so on condition', that they earned it'-ji consequently it came back to this, that every man had also a right to work. Many people questioned the possibility of reforming the -nnful and wicked, but the Salvation Army had shown that this could be done. (' Glory.') He would not for a moment dream of sending, men of the stamp referred lo to any place unless he had undergone a thorough -change and was permanently reformed. Unless a man gave evidence of his change he was not allowed to continue with him, but if he strove to improve he was assisted. Not a shilling was spent on him unless he gave evidence of a de.sire to change, and if he did not change they dropped him. Their object was to find employment for these people on the land. They had put the scheme in operation in England, and now wished to extend it over the seas. A ' city colony' of 1500 acres on the Thames near to the mouth of the river, had be*n selected, and 300 men were now working there and he hoped this number would be in creased to 1000 befcre Christmas. Every kind of work was engaged in, and compe- , tent instructors were engaged, so that the , ' colonists' were not only trained morally ? and spiritually, but they were put in the way of earning a livelihood in the. future. Every kind of agriculture, dairying,^ J poultry farming, pig keeping, &c;, was carried .. on,, and trades .taught, so- that when, in the future, 'these1 people- were colonised they would be able to build their own houses, and supply their own community with everything required'. This would be necessary in townships which would be miles distant from settled populations. In Australia they had mag nificent forests, and large areas, populated only by the kangaroo, 'possum, and rab bits. Surely the people would rather see the country inhabited by a thrifty hard working population than by rabbits. (Applause.) On much of this land nothing , was grown, and one sheep passed over a square mile perhaps once a -year. It would only be trained men who would be sent out. These would be preserved from contamination during the voyage out, and be preserved from contamination in the first seaport at which they called. On arrival they would be sent direct to the 'place provided for them, and every provision having been made for their comfort and future employment, no time would be lost in setting them to work. (Applause.) This was his scheme, and yet a bogie was being raised, and he was accused of trying to force on the colonies the ' scum' ot the- East End of London. He believed that there . was sufficient spare land in this colouy to uccouio date one hundred millions of people. If this was so , would it ujt bo better, for all to encourage the immigration .of the proper . class' of ^'people. '* 'All right-thinking 'men admitted that the colonies success depended on increase of population, and what hotter way of doing it was there than bringing to its shores a people who would 'enrich tbe soil ! and benefit the country. He could under- ' stand the objections to his scheme if he had ever suggested to send out' the ' scum' of London ; but let such a suggestion he raised hof'ore objections wore offered to it. Instead' ^ of tho scum, it would bo the cream of the people who would ho sent out. Objections would doubtless be raised to some' whose early life hnd not been altogether .honest, und these objections would l-o duly con sidered ; but he asked if 11 man who had once stolen a trifle was worse than those who rubbed the orphau and widow-by, organising und carrying ou bogus building societies. (Applause) .None would, be sent but those who gave evidence of having had their lives transformed ? ? It would bo useless to attempt to induce ladies or gentlemen, lawyers or doctors or clerks,. or even tbe sons of farmers with money in thoir pockets to come put. They would not do it. They wanted men and women who would take up the land and live on it. They did not want to flood the land with urtizan emigrants for thin would bring them into competition with the present artisam. . Great complaints were being raised about tlio ' blacklegs,'1 but Iiir scheme would remove this- by taking those who wero called by this nuino out of ;tbe way, nnd making farmers of them. Ho would make whitelegs of them. (Laughter.) He had put his scheme before the people in the different colonies, and although the ma jority of them belonged to the various unions, and were shrewd men, yet no objections had been raised (Applause.) They must ad mit that there was an abundance of spare land in the colonies which might be used, and instead of a forest or wilderness, there , would spring up gardens and farms ; while their railways would be made to pay better . returns, because of the additional produce grown, and everything would be more nourish ing. In Victoria be believed there were three quarters of a man to each square mile, but in New South Wales the ' proportion was not more than half an ounce of a man to a mile. ( Laughter). , Here they - had beautiful land, thousands of mi lea of it occupied by individual squatters for their sheep. It was too bad that such large areas should be held by one man. Ho told them in Brisbane that on the Darling . Donne there was room enough to put dowu tbo whole of the 8,000,000, and they could build a wall up to -Heaven all round and look tho gates, and never see the people he should send out until, the resurrection. (Laughter.) The wealth of Australia was oh the surface of the ground. These, thousands of people in England wanted support, and here it was for their use. He had been unfortunate enough before coming here to issue his book on 'J Darkest England,', and. that portion relat ing to the criminals had been taken hold of by the public, and consequently his scheme was being cried down. If he had come and offered to make a selection of ; the best class in England, teach them trades, send them out w(ith care, build cottages for them and stock the farm with pigs ana poultry and cattle uud a cradle, (laughter, aud a voice: We'll get them quick enough), and arrange that after having everything for two years they should pay rent, which should go to' bring out others aud support them', the' colonies would , have run after him to get the thing done. And this was really his schemo ; yet because he had spoken of 'DarkoRt England-' the colonists put their fingers in their ear* ami cried out that he was conspiring with 'the capitalists to crush the workers by bringing ? ? out 'men to compete with them. But tbe opposite was the1 caso. His scheme was for the bouofit of the working man and lie iras tho working man's friend. Anyhow, this was his scheme, and he left it with them to consider whether it was nut a feasible one for' the'amrlioration of the distress in which so many of their fellow creatures were plunged in the old land N across tbo sou. , Hie final words lo thorn was ' God bless you all.' General Booth resumed his seat amidst applause, and at the call of Commissioner Coombes three cheers were given for the General, the doxology was sung, and the meeting broke up. General Booth left Bathurst by train after the meeting for Sydney, where he speaks to-night. From the meeting in Sydney he goes to the boat that is to convey him to New Zealand, and after explaining his mission there he visits South Australia and Victoria and then goes to India on his way back to England. * ; ,? ;. ' CA.M3? COFFEE. t 'fli, rasu.'it'a graud. -li cup of 0»up Coffee in tbi tuotoiujE w«iJugtytgt»Bdr' /'/ ?-'- .'-i. '-'.. '- -''.' '/.'?Tfl'.'t. 