SUMMARY. It has been decided not to take etcps to expel Captain Verney and Atr. De Cobain from the House of Commons until they hare had a y chance of disproving the charges of immorality brought against them. Prince Bismarck not having obtained the requisite majority over his opponent for a seat in the Reichstag for the province of Hauoves a fresh poll has been rendered necessary. The Countess of Hopetoun and the Countess of Kintorc have sailed from London on their return to Australia. Mr. W. E. Ward has been appointed to succeed the late Mr. James W. Quinton as British' Commissioner in Assam. In the House of Lords on Friday Lord Emits- ford said he was unable to table the records of the sittings of the Australasian Federation Convention as they were incomplete. The French Government hare refused to allow the remains of the late Prince Napoleon to be interred at Ajaccio, in Corsica. Mr. C. S, Parnell has issued a manifesto recounting his version of the secession of a portion of the Irish party, and intends to sum mon a convention with a view to reorgani sation. Mr. Parnell, as one of the trustees of the' funds to the credit of the Irish National, » League iu the Parisian banks, has consented to the release of- the sum of £3500. The punitive force sent by the British authorities to quell the rising of the Maranza, natives in the PuDjaub, was to have attacked the rebels on Saturday. The/report that ex-King Milan of Servia was about to murry a Parisian lady has been con tradicted. The enforcement of the Bait Act is crippling the operations of the French fishermen In New foundland. New Zealand wheat fetched 41s per quarter in the Londou market on Friday, and Victorian and South Australian wheat 12s tid. The directors of the New Zealand Antimony Company have decided to re-construct the com pany. The Statist attributes the failure of the Vic torian loan to the fact that the Government truckled to the working classes, creating a feel ing of distrust, and to over-borrowing. The Economist advises the Australian banks ' to subscribe towards any future loans required, and the colonies to reiyhiore upon their own resources. The London Daily Telegraph says that there is a good market in England for Australian fruit, which if developed would be for the-- mutual benefit of England aad the colonies. At the London wool sales on Friday prices ruled firm at late rates, English dealers buying freely. Captain Verney, AI.P., has surrendered him self and appeared at the Bow-street Police Court on Saturday to meet the charges brought against him. He was remanded and admitted to bail. Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald lectured on "Women's Unions," under the auspices of the Australian Socialistic League, at the Temperance-hall on Saturday night. The ratepayers of North Sydney are agitating for the establishment of a horse and cart ferry service between Sydney and Blue's Point. H.M.S. Orlando, the flagship of the Austra lian station, is expected to arrive in Sydney to-day after an absence of several months. Mr. Mechan, the delegate of the Queensland Shearers' Uuiou, addressed a mass meeting at Newcastle on Saturday night. A young man named James Ellis died in the Sydney Hospital yesterday from the effectB of injuries received through being run over by a train at Tuggerak on Friday night. Thomas Wright, an old man, died whilst being driven in a cab from the Redfcrn police station to the Prince Alfred Hospital on Satur day. The Governor is to be invited to lay the foundation-stone of the Hawkesbnry Agricul tural College on Ham Common. The R.M.S. Oruba arrived at Albany ironi Colombo at 31 a.m. on Saturday, and sailed for Adelaide at 2 p.m. The body of William Laughton, secretary of the local Oddfellows' lodge, was found in" the harbor at Newcastle on Saturday. Air. Matthew Lang, Mayor of Melbourne maintains that the eight-hour principle cannot be applied to ail occupations, and advises the trades not to go beyond public opinion. The P. and 0. I\\. M.S. Briianuia is expected to arrive in Port Jackson this forenoon from London via porta with passengers and cargo. The whaling barque Costa Rica Packet re turned to Sydney yesterday after an absence of over two years. Four refractory seamen stole a boat and deserted from the barque Costa Rica Packet In the press rowing races on Saturday the Sydney Morning Jientld crew won the four- oared race, the Star being second. In the literary staff sculling race R. Brannon ( S . If. Jferald ) was first, G. Wynne Daily Telegraph ) second, and C. Mitchell Dveniug JYcws) third. The total amount of money subscribed towards the Women's Coilcge is £5414 la 4d. An abstract of the annual report of the town clerk of Syduey for the year 1690 appears in another column. A concert is to bo held in the Centennial-hall on May 1 in aid of the widows and orphans of the men who lost their lives in the torpedo ex plosion at Middle Head. At the Rosehill races on Saturday Victor Hugo won the Parramatta Handicap, Our Jauu the Granville Stakes, Drummer the Steeplechase, Sweetbit the Welter Handicap, The Swell the Nursery Handicap, aud Epilation the Rosehill Handicap. The Rev. Dr. Bevan, who preached the anni versary sermons in connection with the Pitt- street Congregational Church yesterday, is a passenger by the Alameda to-day for 'Frisco, en route for London Lady Scott, wife of Lord Charles Scott, was a passenger by the steamer Tarawera from New Zealand yesterday. The ketch Barrangarry, which recently went ashore at Port Macqunrie, has been abandoned by the underwriters. The wreck will probably be sold at auction. The brigantiuo Eliza Allen went ashore in side the Richmond River bar on Saturday. She is full of water. The R.M.S. Alameda sails from Cowper'a Wharf, Woolloomooloo Bay, at 4 p.m. to-day for San Francisco. The Messrs. MacMahon have on exhibition at several places in the city a cleverly designed phonograph machine, by which speeches and. songs are reproduced by dropping a sixpence into a slot. Tho Rev. W. Scott, of Brisbane, has accepted the pastorate of the Pitt-street Congregational Church, and will enter upon his duties at the end of next month. The body of Alfred Smith, late quartermaster on board the R.M.S. , Parramatta, was found floating in tho water near Circular Quay yester day. The Prince Alfred Yacht Club closed the season on Saturday with a luncheon on board the steamer Alathca off Vauclase. Messrs. Sims and Pettltt's melodrama, "Lon dou Day by Day," drew a crowded house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday. It was splendidly staged and capitally acted by the Bland Holt, Company. , The Sydney Morning Herald won the double event, the four-oared raco and the Bculling match, at the press rowing races oc|Saturday.ig Eight of the famous Pullman railway cars are to bo shipped from America for New South Wales about the end of June. Messrs. Hudson Brothers have a contract in hand for the supply of 12 composite sleeping carriages for use on the branch railway lines. The Railway Commissioners have decided to run Waverley trams to the new terminus on aud after the 1st prox. The inhabitants of Crookwell intend to peti tion to be incorporated. The Government are to be urged to construct a jetty at Brouiee, near Moruya to euahie large steamers to take away local prodncc. At the Nentral Bay Amateur Sailing Club races on Saturday a hurry-scurry race was won by the Happy Thought, with tho Zarifa second. In the Pennant cricket match between tho Caritons and the Belviueres the scores at pr sent stand— Belvidcres, first innings 113, second innings 40 for one wicket j Caritons, first inniuga 102. A consolation raco In connection with the Port Jackson Sailing Club came off on Satur day, the winner being The Ghost. The census collectors in the Cobar district report a large decrease in the population owiug io the abandonment of stations. 