The Hills Railway Viaduets. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — The letter of the lau.- Engineer-in-Chief (Mr. H. C. Mais) is reassuring as regards the stability of the viaducts themselves. When, however, he treats of derailed trains, and the results of their plunging into the creek below, he says — ' And if by any chance a train left the rails at this point I do not think it would make much difference to the unfortunate pas sengerd whether they rolled down along slope such as this would be if it were a bank or fall ing vertically over the viaducts, which I state to be impossible.' Fam willing to leave it to the public to say whether they prefer to '?drop' or to 'roll.' Leb me have the 'rolF' please. As to the stability of tho earthworks if filled in. The most readily available spoil at that point is rock, and rosk filling would tend to set firm, and be little liable to either ' subsidence' or ' slides' when finished off. Of course there should be sub stantial retaining walls at the foot of the work. I am set down as knowing nothing. Profes sional training is not necessary to detect a danger that is so self-evident. Mr. Mais may not be aware that there are thousands passing over that point who earnestly long to see that space lilled in. I distinctly disavow the unjust charge of being '.'an alarmist.' The alarm exists. Quiet requests, queries in Parliament, letters to the press, are all equally ignored. We who use the line have no wish to increase the public uneasiness, but it we are ever to obtain the end desired it will not be by keeping silence, but by speaking out. Mr. Mais's contention as to the stability of the viaducts themselves is not the point in question. The point I insist upon is this — Given a carriage tilted on to the sleepers or ballast through broken axle, or split wheel, what result will follow a fall over the viaducts? If a train, or any part of a train, is thrown over these structures there is not the ghost of a chance of passengers escaping with their lives. Thei-efore, what is desired by hundreds who have the same '; sense less craze' that I have is that the space ue luieu iu. iitit l'ocK-nmng otj pimrea in cue site, with a top width of say 10 ft. on each side of the rails ; let there be two or three equally broad terraces on the slope of the work; let the grade be a fairly reasonable slant, and any boy in our State schools will tell ycu whether the risks to life and limb will not be imruen?sely diminished. The fact is the authorities made a mistake in tiie first instance in placing the viaducts there ; it should have been an embankment in the beginning. The sooner the mistake is remedied the better. It is queried ' in whose interests' do I write? The interests of citizens, who, like myself, use the line — the interests of self preservation. I am quite well informed as to the points dwelt upon, namely, the fate of passengers descending vertically into the creek should a train be thrown over the viaduct. There need be no quibbling upon that point. It requires no 'mere alarmist' to warn our authorities that the existing conditions are not in the interests of PUBLIC SAFETY. 