? IRELAND. SWEET AUBURN. (By Mary Banim in the Dublin Freeman.) The day promised to be a happy oneone of those days when we realise the joy of life—and we were full of pleasant anticipations as we drove under the welcome shade of the trees that, meeting overhead, form a pretty avenue just on the outskirts of Athlone. Here the trees of Retreat and of one or two other suburban residences have made up their minds to enjoy the outer world in a sociable way, and give their beauty and cooling shade in return for all the society, the gossip, the confidences, tender and otherwise, they receive from the innumerable passers-by—the country folk thronging to town from all the outlying districts ; the townspeople, and the military, and the chance visitors, all in search of that healthiest of exercises for body and mind—a country walk. Those trees are really wise in not remaining in lonely dignity inside their walls, with their branches drawn up primly, as much as to say :—" We, the trees of a private demesne, cannot permit ourselves to bend over a road where anybody—meaning the conglomerate world of nobodies— may walk!" They look lovely, too, drooping across the road, the branches from either side meeting, hands clasped, in the centre, and making a long archway of verdure, as if for the old Rinka Fadha (the Long Dance) to pass beneath them—as truly the long dance of life does pass under their arms—in at one end, from the hot road, white with the dust of the town and noisy with the traffic of a busy railway close by ; out at the other end, into another world—the new burial ground almost at the boundary. Then the pure, free, lovely country ; the country that, in its ever-renewing youth and beauty, is such a perfect symbol of the everlasting. Dear me! All that those trees see and hear and have to whisper about! They are very wise in not being proud and stand-off. " What do you think the English write about your Auburn, Mr. Mac P" I asked, as we drove leisurely along. Mr. Mac, as I have said, was born and reared in the very neighbourhood where Goldsmith lived in youth, and he naturally knows more about things than those who never tickled trout in the Inny in boyhood, or never trod one foot of ground around Auburn. " What do you think they say P They say that it was not Ireland or Irish village life that Goldsmith pictured in is poem. That there is no such country here ; that there are no such villages ; not even such wild flowers; "Arrah! (and the world of meaning that can be put into that one word). Arrah!—Here's how it is with them iu one short chapter—they do be talkiri There's the whole of it now. Them people that are for ever writin', they must be for ever sayin' something, and they can't stop themselves, whether they know what they're sayin' or no. They must be layin' down the law. England ! Country—villages—flowers!! Just turn your heads, ladies—what garden in the world could grow anything to equal them ?" and Mr. Mac touched lightly with his whip the bank beside the road, where wreaths of the delicate pink and white convolvulus flung their clustering tendrils in graceful profusion above, around, and between every stone and twig they could seize upon iu their pretty race to be up the ditch and over and down the other side, to trail and run along the grassy bank. " Mr. Mac large and stout, and—well, not a boy,' thought I; " but trust him to see what is beautiful." "And as for land and neat villages—only wait until you see the places we'll pasB this day—that's all. I was a soldier, an' seen Egypt, Africa, and India, Italy, and Spain, and England. Oh, many's the fine Bight I saw in my day. But in all the world I saw nothing lovelier, nothing I could be so fond of, as the country where I was born and reared. (It's a fine day for the hay, Mrs. / after the rain; but, sure, God Almighty never spoilt anything* If He sends a bad day, He sends a good one to make up for it.) Oh, to be sure, There's not one coming into Athene this side of the country but I know. That's Lord Castlemaine's place over these— Moydrum. They tell a curious story here of how the place got its name, You know, of course, that in Cromwell't time, when the Irish got the route to march from off all their own fine lands the country over, the Shannon was the boundary line to ont them ofi from all—friends and home, an' Athlone was the high road for Hell or Con naught. There were pitiful sights seen then npon the Bridge ot Athlone—the storiesthe old people could tell of them times would make the heart;,bleed.; Well,-of course, the old families about Athlone were pitched out, and no end of Cromwellians billeted in the fine houses and lands and farms, and the very soldiers got estates where the gentry held their heads high before. It was well to be an English soldier in them times. Some got places by lot instead of their pay, an' as the estates were being shared out, one drummer put down his instrument on the top of the ridge that runs through the grounds there, an' he says—' I'll have this where my drum ] stands, an all around it, for my lot.' He >ot it, and that's how the place comes to be called Moydrum—you'll hear the English say that way,' moy' for ' my '— for, fond as they are of laughing at the way the Irish speak, faith! the English say queerer things than any of us. This is Ballykieran. We'll take the road to the left going, an' come home by that to the right, so you'll see the sunset on the lake. Aye, those were fine mills, an' gave work to a great many a few years ago, but they're idle now, like half the mills in the country. Now, isn't that a grand sight?" Truly there is a charming lake scene here, where the land begins to rise gently at the hamlet of Ballykieran, whence perhaps the most picturesque view of Lough ,Ree is to be had. The inner lake, or Killinure Lough, which branches away from the main sheet of water, comes in here to the foot of the sloping meadows and groves that border the road. The waters glide in, clear and sparkling, between the many islands grouped upon their surface, and, far away to westward, the lake is seen, apparently repeated, and again repeated, as its own windings and the wooded islets break its line, aud especially at sunset seem to give an interminable distance to the glowing waters. Soon the pretty village of Glasseu is eached—a village that Jten years ago was an ideal one, but has been neglected of late by its owner. Still it is extremely pretty, and consists of one long street, approached at either end by avenues shaded by splended old trees. The houses are of picturesque build, and some are kept in their old style— smothered in roses and fuchsias; upon all are trained vines and climbing plants, but many show that the hand of want has come within, and when that comes neglect of the beautiful uickly follows. The last landlord personally looked to the care of the trees nd flowers in which the whole place is embowered; indeed, so much at heart had he the beauty of the cottages that it is said no inmate dare pluck a rose off his own house. The police barrack is a model bower still, and so is the schoolhouse. Then, at the extreme end of the village, there is the haunted house—ivycovered, weather-beaten, and dismantled. No one could live in that dwelling; strange sights were seen and sounds heard, and death surely followed any family that went to inhabit it, until at last all left it peaceably to the ghosts and to the ruin that is fast bringing a desolate look over its very walls. The old Irish love for a bit of law seems as strong as ever, for it was court day when we passed the pretty cottage where law and physic are dispensed, and numerous groups were arriving from all sides, eagerly discussing the rights of their cases, while, outside the court, as if awaiting a sufficiently large audience, the magistrates and police officer and a variety of dogs seemed as if equipped rather for rural sports then for the great duty of settling all the little disputes of the district. Grlassen left behind amidst its embowering trees, we are in the open country, and find that the land has risen gently and imperceptibly until there is the feeling of being high up, so pure and free is the air, even though there are no high hills in this part of Ireland; neither is there much scenery j now Lough Ree is no longer a feature of the landscape, yet it is a very charming, home-like neighbourhood, all undulating upland and plain, with the sweet air from bog and mountain, laden with the breath of many flowers—air, those who dwell here tell UB, the most wholesome that one can breathe. Mr. Mac seems to draw fresh life and joy with every breath, and looks around with love and pride beaming in his face, a word for everyone we meet, a greeting at every cottage door, an occasional outburst of—"There's land! but wait, wait till you see the country around Ballymahon! Boys" (we have suddenly rounded a bend in the road and are in the midst of a crowd of boys) *' you must race us, every one of you and off we start, the whole school, just let loose for dinner, taking up the fun and swarming before, beside, and long behind the car, the last man-the weakest little fellow—getting a little prize for doing his best. What a trifle h a PPy «> the country! The schoolboys were not & day younger .. /""""frfis by the time we reached the schoolhouse in the grove by the wayside, and they clustered around while their old master came to hare a friendly word with us about the country and the great topic' that fills a stranger's mind here—Goldsmith ; f ot we were now within sight, in the midst of the very scenes where the poet first learned the love of nature. The old teacher of the Auburn of to-day is a schoolmaster, not a pedagogue; a man of simpler, but more refined manners, of more general, if ] e8g pedantic, learning, than he who taught former generations, perhaps in this very spot:— Beside yon straggling fence that skirts the way, With blossom'd furze unprofitably gay, There, in his noisy mansion, skill'd t0 rule, The village master taught his little school; A man severe he was, and stern to view, ' I knew him well, and every truant knew ; Well had the boding tremblers learn'd to trace The day's disasters in his morning lace; Full well they laughed, with counterfeited glee, At all bis jokes, for many a joke had he ; Full well the busy whisper_ circling round Convey'd the dismal tidings when he frown'd ; Yet he was kind, or if severe in aught, The love he bore to learning was in fault; The village all declared how much he knew, Twas certain he could write, and cipher too; Lands he could measure, termB and tide: And e'en—the story ran—that he could gauge; In arguing, too, the parson own'd his skill, For e'en though vanquished, he couid argue still ; While words of learned length, and thundering sound, Amazed the gazing rustics ranged around ; And still they gazed, and still the wonder grew, That one small head could carry all he knew. " There, now, ladies, we're coming into Auburn. There's no sign of village here now, but I remember houses all along the roadside when I was a boy. The people are gone—melted away an' drifted with the four winds of heaven." The road falls in front of us with one of the many undulations of the land, which rises to a considerable height on the left of the highway, and slopes gently to a valley on the right; trees meeting overhead form a beautiful avenue, bounded at our right by a demesne wall, above which, and through the partings of the grove, we could at intervals see the glinting of a little lake beneath. This is the spot, about miles from Athlone, purchased about the year 1819 by Councillor Hogan, as the people around yet call the gentleman who then settled here, and, for love of Goldsmith's beautiful poem, endeavoured to preserve from further decay some-of the landmarks indicated in the picture. He rebuilt the Inn, planted the mound which Goldsmith loved, named the place "Auburn," and hoped to revive even in part the happy scenes that had undoubtedly been learned by heart by the boy whose daily walks led him from place to place, from field to field, from cottage to cottage, in the neighbourhood of the Lissoy of 1730. Unfortunately, the. hard times—the subsequent emigration—family changes at Auburn House —the rush for the rich cattle lands of Westmeath — all contributed to the gradual decay of the Auburn that succeeded the Lissoy of Goldsmith's boyhood. But to say that the pictures in the "Deserted Village" are other than those of this very spot, of the scenes that are on every hand, is to Bpeak without any knowledge of what rural life in Ireland either was or is, without ever having given more than at best a cursory glance at the neighbourhood, without ever spending one hour in the many picturesque places, less accessible to tourists than tUs, that yet were all within walking distance of Lissoy and of that other early home of Goldsmith, Ballymahon. There are many allusions in the poem that seem learned in purely Irish scenes, and such as would strike only those acquainted with our rustic life. Again, the country around, while boasting no grandeur or loveliness of scenery, no striking characteristics whatever, is of that sweet, home-like character that, while:it perhaps does not attract at once, yet, the of tener we see it, grows more and more pleasing in the eyes of any who can feel, can appreciate, gentle, smiling, rural beauty. It is, above all, such a country aB a tender, loving heart like Goldsmith's would cling to, ana lovingly turn his eyes back upon from London sights and London crowds, when all the grandeur of the Alps would be but like painted scenes in the crowded gallery of memory. To understand what the attractions of the place are, it is necessary to go there with . leisure, and to return, not once, but many times, to go amongst its people and hear them apeak of: what they tee around, hear them express the deep lore each one has for even the very air they breathe ; and soon we, strangers to whom these peaceful scenes are not " home "— who have not known childhood's joys by these streams and amongst these meadows and flowery lanes—even we begin to feel the charm. What, then, must it have been when happy homes and merry sports made Sweet Auburn the " loveliest village of the plain ?" Thinking these things while sauntering along the road, going from side to side as fresh flowers or ferns attracted; idling on, as little Oliver Goldsmith did hundreds of times in this very path, we heard Mr. Mac—on ahead with his car—call aloud, as he came to a halt, " Here is Goldsmith's house." In from the high road some one hundred and fifty yards stands the ruin, once the home of that father so beautifully painted by his son in the character of the Vicar of Wakefield—the early home, too, of the truest and noblest poet oE his age. Yes, even now, the site of that home is just as Goldsmith saw it, when, in his lonely Londoh room, he closed his eyes and recalled each loved spot:— Near yonder copse, where once the garden emiied, And still where many a garden flower grows wild, There, where a few torn shrubs the place disclose, The village preacher's modest mansion rose. A man he was to all the country dear, And passing rich with forty pounds a year, His house was known to all the vagrant train, He chid their wanderings, but relieved their pain; The long remembered beggar was his guest, Whose beard descending swept his aged breast; The ruined spendthrift, now no longer proud, Claim'd kindred there, and had his claims allowed. The broken soldier, kindly bade to stay, Sat by his fire and talk'd the night away. Wept o'er his wounds or tales of sorrow done, Shoulder'd his crutch, and show'd how fields were won. PleaBed with his guests, the good man learn'd to glow, And quite forgot their vices in their woe; Careless their merits or their faults to scan, His pity gave ere charity began. This picture is said to have been exactly painted from the Rev. Henry Goldsmith, the poet's brother, who succeeded his father as Curate of Pallas; one of the boys who played here with little Oliver, and grew to early manhood in this " modest mansion " of the Vicar, then Rector of Kilkenny West, and in the enjoyment of—in those times—comfortable income of £200 a year. Even now there is a charm about the place that enables one to fancy what a comfortable and pretty home that modest mansion was in the palmy days. The old-fashioned, straight avenue in the centre of the lawn is now only marked by the track of wheels on the short, green, sward, which, each time we visited it, was flooded by the warm sunlight that streams right upon the front of the ruined'house. How cheery it must have made the rooms, so neatly furnished and daintily kept by the vicar's thrifty wife. On either hand of the avenue a row bf trees forms the boundary between the lawn and the fields, and before the house the space widens out to the right, leaving room for a magnificent lime tree, beside which the present owner of the place—a farmer—has his cosy house. The old house itself must have been a good one; the words " modest mansion" exactly fit it—a well-built, two-storied stone house, the main buildine five windows in length, which would have given a good many rooms of moderate size. The walls are thick, with a curious square aperture, as if for air, running the entire length of the front wall. At the back is the old garden, whose apple trees bend over the broken house-wall— that old garden where, perhaps, the Vicar planted with his own hand that very apple tree from which one of the little children of the farm broke us a branch, that we might carry it away with some of the linden blossoms. How we tried to re-people the deserted house. The gentle, simple-hearted Vicar; his bustling wife; the boys and girls, playing! a and out from lawn to parlour, then .away through the trim garden, with its box edges, its espalier fruit trees, and bordering flower knots; and little Oliver, he who, though doll at lessons, would sing and danoe end grow wild with joy of life, and learned each day in the sunny country around lessons from a nobler book than any written by the hand of man—lessons never to be forgotten, no more than such a heart could or ever did forget those scenes of happy childhood— I ftm hid hopes, my long vexations past, Ben to return and tie «tt>on« «tUrt 