Wheel About.; Jim Crow. "We are told that sometimes in inter national difficulties and disputes it is ad visable to diplomatically dissemble truth and misrepresent facts, -which lntter are often truth in concrete form. But the diplomatist who acquires reputation for cleverness at the sacrifice of probity and veracity J^soon. loses public confidence. Slipperiness wins neither respect nor con fidence. The names honoured in history are those of upright, straightforward then, riot those of-sophists, shuffl- t sj qr^disi semblers. ihe mail Who tises to the top most height of esteem is the man in: whose lips there is'no guile. He might;; gain his. object's sooner by a facile method of deception than he would by a? slower process of truth. ■ It is • "better-w to wait longer for results than to "warp the character " arid corrupt tho mind by hasty action, , -It is .better to miss or forego some desired object than win it; by the surrender of honour or the sacrifice of Belf-respect; . ContemptjBLnot loathing, is felt for any man .who^tries to gain his. ,, end by grossv iricoriristency where honour and truth; are involved. This is a corner in the field'of;-ethics where the " asses" who leadthe."lions" of labour seldom seem to graze. ' They shun it.; With them, apparently,'sthe end justifies the means. But this is a trick of Tartufflsm, the play of solemn mountebanks. So long as it contributes to their gain, any kind of gammoD, mum bug, or evasion appeals to be • justifiable. In private life, for ought we know, these men . may be irreproachable. ■ official life they appear to think that any sort of tactics may be used ta gain their ends. : It is only of their official'actions that we write. These affect public in terests andpublic welfare, and come within the scope of public criticism. They, iritheir own way, do far more than a fair share of unfair abuse of their opponents; JThey both impute motives and traduce character. But we - are concerned only with.,the public conduct of the men who have by personal merit, or influence, or ambition, secured prominence as leaders ' of the'ag gressive labour movements of this age.', In the presence of the Janus-like atti tude of Mr. I). Temple .can anybody for a moment dispute our contention? The way this great official of modern trades unionism ate his own words, was enough to choke any ordinary mortal; ' HeT.muBt also have a powerful gastronimic- function in his moral anatomy. '•"•Few" irienjican maintain a moral erectness on a diet of fraudulence and word-jugglery; they would be doubled'up "by-pangs of con science ; they "would be pale-faced by consciousness of shame. " But - tbaseTjunta men grow sleek and- fair-faced by "Brum magem quackery. They keep themselves in" fighting"condition" bv Machiavellian porridge. .""What they say deliberately to-day, ■ they will "deny with equanimity to-morrow;. They put a double meafling into their words, so that wheu.the 'super ficial implication is found inconvenient they remove the outer skin atid^aflayer of opposite material is exposed^1"' It, ,is on medley pudding of this, sort that they feed their dupes. Their dupes may see'no harm in it. But those who are not easily gulled see a good deal of vice in it. Honest people are not often caught by mere simu lation of truth. "When a man formally addresses them on a matter of serious fim portance they at least give him. credi^-for honesty of purpose, and sincerity'; of ! wordB. . But when he promptly plays the role of Jim Crow, turning about; and wheeling about on the first sign of danger, when he tries to divest his plain English of its obvious meaning, what intercourse can true and sincere men hold with, such a labour charlatan ? This is not the. sort of Temple, whose disingenuous tintinabu lation will attract employers to a serious conference on the great principles of in dustrial relationship. ■ They will give no heed to it. The Temple's hell is oraeked. The Temple itself looks like an embodi ment of syntactical chicanery. \- Could anything bo more insulting- to a body of- employers -than such -conduct as that of Mr. I). Temple, tho secretary of tho Amalgamated Shearers' Union ? He addressed a long official lettor to tho secretary of tho 1'astoralists' Union in Sydney, the kernel of which, after strip ping off tho rhodomontade, was a request for a conference, as many believed, on the employers' terms as to "freedom of con tract. Before his letter had been con sidered by tho body to whom it was addressed, he became conscious of a disturbed nest of hornets making a fright ful buzz about his ears. In bis zeal to get an open talk he bad, it was alleged, given away the essential principle of unionism—tho freedom of unionists to rcfuBO to work with non-unionists. There were ghastly looks of aghastneBs on tho faces of leaders everywhere. There were lightning flashes of alarm crossing and re-crossing tho continent of Australia. There was porturbation heaving in hun dreds of breasts of men whose glar ing eyes saw tho ghost of " Othello's occupation " vanishing,, in the day-dawn of freedom of contract. ""temple tvas" haunted by a host of the :'j"8piritsofmischief. But he was equal 'to 1,1 the occasion. He twisted round with the J ; suppleness, if not the subtleness, of a — ■serpent. ■ In trying to beguile the pastdwlists he had betrayed. the bush .....workers, -The former had drawn an iri> ;l:lerenbe from his words that he never, no Mi never, intended them to carry 5 they were r ;bnly,to seem to carry it. The. gossamer of words veiled the real intention of. the writer.- • Did he then try to impose on the pastoralists by dissimulation? Does he elect to stand before the world as a man Who; tried to decoy his opponents into' a i jtwp',.by.;.a gilded bait? as a sinuous shuffler whose words may bo re pealled- when: circumstances so require ? .- . -It-may, ' therefore, be seriously asked whether .any''proposal'for an open con ference with such men as he is likely-to ■j be entertained by men who have so lately been beguiled by him? Also, it may ' vrith not less reason be asked whether .; ,;.any real and permanent, good could come ■ "Out 'of f-a conference unless both parties went into it with perfectly candid and ;l! rincere minds. . Speedy denial has been p. .'given to such unequivocal words as these : it "According to your, definition of freedom \--of -contract, there will be no • quarrel f;'between us regarding" the same. You " ' define the term to mean—' that an ejri to-,ployer is to be free to, engage whom he pleases,.and an.; employee to bo. freo to r'fengage,"or to refuse to engage, to work .be;- pleases?'-' "We are quite in accord (i'vjwith that definition as far as it goes, and we v . even.consider that it should go further,1 so as to provide for possible disagreeable con tingencies." "When the letter containing iriithis admission was made public there was ^(Consternation in the juntas of labour. Sir. A. Hinchcliffe s was quickly to the front. In7three days came a wired message from Temple as follows,—1"BT6, will never .^accept freedom of contract as defined by ii-the pastoralists," which was posted up'at ■r 'Baroaldine; handed in to the daily papers, made the most of. ;The leaders were not ^m^the;, least ashamed to proclaim in ^'"Jbudestitbhes and with utmost publicity » the.; dissimulation of their SIachiavelli.: '0 vrith the utmost seriousness: we r.^^&'e moderate and thinking working j.i. inen'.qf Queensland if they think that the . pastoralists are likely to hold "an open ; - 'unhampered conference " with men of the Temple stamp ? Or, if they did consent 'it'to meet delegates of labour, whether After -guoh!opinions, as Spence has expressed, n-iand-such; word, jugglery as Temple has ■ practised, any good would come out of a ' ' conference ? ' " 