THE HUB OF THE LOWER NORTH. ['To the Editor of the Northern Argus^ Sir — While noting with pleasure the hopeful and courageous tones of your lead ing artie'es of late, and the evident awaken ing of Clare, I beg permission to enter the lists on behalf of Auburn, and ask the resi dents of that town why they sleep and neg lect their opportunities while Clare is push ing on. Auburn is eminently fitted for vineyards, olive-growing, and fruit-raising, and as for a dairy factory there is admittedly no more suitable district in the whole of this fair state. Has their projected factory failed through the cowardly fear of some farmers to take up shares? Oh, it is pitiable to see a lack of energy preventing that lovely, splendidly-situated town from taking the tide of fortune at the flood. Let a few Auburnites— sav. Messrs. Tothill, France, and English, and Dr. Ye&tman; — form a vigilance committee, enter into cor respondence with some leading winemak ing firm, get tbe easily-obtained promise of wine cellars to be erected when the vines are bearing, and begin at once the prepar ing of ground. Then start the dairy factory at all hazards — it is bound to pay ; utilise the waste ground eo plentiful away from the river for wattle growing ; agitate for a Riverton to Clare railway until you get it, for a railway can do Auburn no possible harm and for the sake of the onceprosper ous town revitalise it, and make its streets the scene of commercial activity through the money-making schemes. 1 nave advo cated above. What cannot be done with a determination by all Auburnites to push their town ahead. And as every attention to minor details is of value, I would ask our townsmen to concentrate their market at Auburn ; do not deal elsewhere for your goods, or go elsewhere with your produce, for surely you are all aware that all grea things are built up from fragments, and such fragments as this will gradually build up your trade, increase the circulation of money, restore confidence, and have a won derful effect in the long run. Make deter mined and sustained efforts to get your churches, institutes, &c;, out of debt ; foster the agricultural society to the best of your ability, for think what you lose if even 'that one inrush of visitors were to totally cease. Then the annual sports. Surely the old place is not so far enfeebled as to let that annual athletic gathering once so celebrated die out. If the friendly societies are too cautious, I feel sure the Institute could run it to advantage, and by all means keep up the football, cricket, coureing, and lawn tennis clubs for they advertise the place. If a town, like a tradesmen, ceases to ad vertiBe itself it ifiight as well give up the ghost at once. The head quarters of the Wakefield valley haa the trump card if it will only play it, and I trust the residents will begin a tough battle against the apathy that exists, and push Auburn to the front as a larger Angaston and a second and fairer Ren mark. I am, Sir, &c;, AtTBUHNTrE. 