The Cab-Drive; 's oior <* — By Mary Kyle Bal We all liave ournp3 r.nd i!oivrs, f s\:;!|ioeo. I have had, I kr.ow. Once I had t;f|t had i fare all day, n<-r, for the matter or that. the ■ !;<y brfnre.' i'dluips, having grown a little seiviy. people picked out a sprocer cabman. Anvhow, i-heic I 'sat, disconsolate and wretched upon my cab floor, with my feet dandling out, not caring bow soon the end of the world came, for. besides my low spirits, it was a drizzly, chilly- uncomfort able evening', when 1 saw a figure inside the park that put-me in nnnd of old times. and took me" batk - to the country place where I was brought up, as a picture of it might. . ; * * . . There'cwas a, ■INrl' there then called Lizzie Murray—sir brriuty. peopJe_said, with eyes as blaek-as |:t, hair 3:1st prig re ass of ripples, and a cheek' like a pencif—a girl 'Who was said to l ave the finest bust and smallest waist and loot of any girl about—a girl the fellows fell in love with :iu the most sur prising way.?, I liked her myself, and she might :bave done what she chose with me, and men richer than I would have been glad to marry her. But. she thought of something higher than being a working man's wife ; and when at last -a fashionable young fellow, who had come down to the hotel with other fashion able people, began -to cast admiring looks upon he"; she fancied, I suppose, there was no need of being civil to common folks any longer, so she just cut us ail, and for a while some thought that young Benton really was going to marry her. He followed her wherever she went. He gave .her splendid presents, and he seemed to worship the very around she trod upon. He kept" it up all summer long, and when he went away she told her friends that he was coming back at Christmas time to vnaTry her. She believed it when she said it. and no ••'oubt he told her so ; but be never came near her again. She had b°en very proud of the match she was going to ninko, ar.d very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by his desertion. .. Afier a while people bepan to whisper and talk abmi*. her, too, ard pretty soon the womt ri of the place would have nothing to do with her. She lived with her brother and his wife in a little white framed hov.se in the viilase, and a sood many people will remember the day ibey saw her leave that house—turned out of it in shame and dis grace—going with her baby in her arms to wards the read that led to the city. They had been as hard with her at home as others were, and tier sister-in-law would never hear her r.ame again. And no one knew what had become of her. Now t: at iigure in the park, sitting on a bench in all the rain, in its tawdry finery, with that strange look about it you can't de sciibe, but which you never see in good ' women, put me in mind of Lizzie Murray, Tt was coarser and heavier, and it was not a rocng girl's figure, but for all that it looked like her, and it looked too. like a woaian who had seen terrible hardships, and maybe, had no home to go to. I sat wondering whether it wss all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray had really come to this, and yet looking cut for fares all the while, and hai'ing every man and woman who went past with Have a ride, sir?" or " Have a ride, ma'am I" v.'hen I saw coming across the park, with a portmanteau in bis hand, a line- locking gentleman, who looked as if he had just come off a journey. He looked like a fare to me. You get to krow 'em at sight, and I got up and held the door open, waiting for him, It was raining sharply, and mine was the only cab on the siand, and I saw hiaa hurry when he felt tlie drops. But just then the woman on the bench sprang up and caught hiin by the arm. 1 saw her facc then, and felt sure it was Lizzie Hurray, aad when he turned it flashed into my mind in a moment that if he had lived so long, that Mr. Benton, who had wronged her so, would ha?e looked like this. i saw that he was nervous about the melt ing, and thst as he broke away she followed him ; and when, almost without a word, he stepped into my cab, she came close and would have spoken to him again, but he cried out in an irritated voice : " If you have anything to say. step in. D n't attract the atiention of everybody in the street. Wc can talk as we ride." And she stepped in. The look on her face as she did so made roe think that whether she were Lizzie Murray or not, she was a very dangerous person. " Where to?" I asked, and be seemed to ask a question. "To No. —street, for this — this lady." he said. Afterwards to No. — lla'lison Avenue, for me." Then he said harshly, for I heard him plainly : *■ Come, say your say out! Tou haven't Jong to say it in. ■" What do you want ?— money ?" 1 heard her laugh, and then I drove on, and the rattling of the wheels kept the voices from my ear, cxcept now and then when they were raised u little. Night was coming on fast, and by the time I reached the street he had "men tioned, it was quite <lark and the rain pour -ing. I was wondering how the numbers" ran, and had not found the right one yet, when I heard the woman caiiing me to stop, and when 1 did so, saw her jump out at once and shut the door behind her. The gentleman never stirred ; but I did not wonder at that; lie was not likely to be very polite to such a poor creature. " Is this the number?" I said. " No," she answered. " It's far enough for me though. The gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenue." Then I saw her by the lisrht of the street lamps, as I turned my,horse, walk away in an od<i, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in the pools of water on the pave ment, her poor bonnet half off her head, and ail bcr handsome'bair dropped down her liack, as if the combs or pins had fallen but. '■ It's poor L:zzic Murray, certain," I said, and drove towards Madison Avenue. I felt oddly enough to think who had rid den in mv cab, and that neither of them knew me. It was anything but a pleasant "feeling I bad to my passenger, thinking as I fc'id how he had brought Lizzie to be the poor creature she was. and remembering her such a pretty, light "Hearted girl; and when I came to the number I felt so mortified that it was hardly in a civil voice that I called : " Here you are, sir!" and waited for him to get out of the cab. JJut he didn't stir. So, after calling again, I jumped from the box and opened the'door. My fare* was Ijing against the opposite window, as" I thought, sound asleep. •'Hellty^ir!''! called. We're at No.—" lie never moved. I couldn't see his face, but I put out my hand to shake him awake, and felt him so cold and still that I was frightened. When I lifted biin up he fell back heaviiy upon the seat} and I felt sure something was the niatter with him. It was a bad position for me. I thought for a moment what I should do, and'then ran up the steps of the great bouse opposite me and rang the bell. A -servant opened it, and'achild camerun ning out calling^" Papa." That took my breaJh^yay, and 'the sweet lady's face be .hind in^thBhall. ■' jlhTs is No.— ?" I said. " ¥ee," sajdj-he man. gentleman told me to drive him here.' He's in the cab—ill, I'm afraic," I ■saidj -"And'j saw the lady turn pale. " It is'- not* my husband, Mr. Benton ?" she cried? ; * jAnd I said : _4 \- " if Mr. Benton is your husband, ma'am, I'm afraid it is." Then the servant came down to the cab with me.- My fare was lying where I had left him, his head against t. e side of the cab. ""We-lifted him out and took him up tlie marble steps into the great house. The lady shrieked and the child cried; he never stirred. There was blood all over his j vest, find when unbut':*,nt;! it w xounn I tli.it s.jr.10. ^ajali I-n• 1 of v.'cn;:'in bad | be> n pliiis?i.d i.t'j bis It must have killed hi (i :i. r'-cc, the doctors said. 1 think S'5, icn, icr I i:«.ar<! r.n cry. I had (o |;ire my * !•. r.cc, of course ; but it was not woith ;.s much as a bit of pnper t.iie ]>plic. rcaa found in tVe cab—a l?nf of one of those tracls the siri'ct missionaries give to folks who will take them ; a queer thing to write such words on as were writ ten there with a pencil. These were the words: " I have killed the man who ruined me Ten years ago he blighted my life. I've fol lowed him to end his, wherever I met him, all that time. This is my first chance. I was a good girl when he came between me and heaven. His fate be on his own head. *> Lizzie Hurkay." It did not tell me more than I knew be fore ; but I kept all sjmt to myself, and was glad they did not find the wretched woman until one day a bojy was washed ashore from the Bast River, 'and gome "who knew the face said it was that vof Lizzie -Murray. I drive my cab still, and I've had better luck of late, and am well oil enough not to sit brooding often as I did that evening. But I never drive it in the evening but that story comes back to me, and I feel giad when I see my fares get out alive and well, or if it is empty and I am driving back, now and then I'll feel my blood curdle and be balf afraid to look behind me; for if the ghost stories they tell were true, who knows but the spirits of the two I had for passengers once might come back to take a horrible ride there, as bad spirits are said to come some times. 