}loW to beeome a 1lonrtiiali0t. Mr. W. T. Stead lias a paper with the above title in the February number of the Young Man. He says There are journalists and journalists, and everything depends upon what kind of journalist you wish to be^ If you want to be merely what may bo termed a bread and butter journalist—that is to say, a journalist who takes to journalism as a man takes to shop-keeping, or a woman to dressmaking—the procedure to be followed is very simple. Learn to write a logible hand, master the elementary principles of grammatical composition^ make yourseir efficient in shorthand, and then apply for a post, as apprentice reporter on the paper pub lished in your own neighbournood. When once you get your footing in that capacity— ' when you arc, say, eighteen or nineteen years old— everything depends upon yourself how far yon rise. If you are faithful in small things, you will be promoted to more important duties. You will get on and make a livelihood, and that being the aim and end of your ambition, you will do well therewith to be content. Hut I presume the majority of those who will read this paper will not lie of the good stuff of which junior reporters nre made. Thoy will bo those who aspire to the higher lights of journalism ; those who, being already omployed in some more or loss uncongonial occupation, feel within them great aspirations for the boundless career which the Press offors to youthful ambition. It is easy to understand how it is thoro is snch a gravitation of so many men and women towards journalism. There is no calling that is so full of interest. Tho ideal of much modern existence is a life full of " thrills," a rapid succession of varied sensa tions, an idoal of life which is symbolised by the switchback railway. . For that kind of thing there is nothing like journalism. In tho theatro of life the journalist occupios tho front stalls, and instead of pay ing for his ticket ho is paid for attonding tho per formance, Add to this that of all kinds of writing men, with the exception of half a do/.on popular novelists, tho journalist isiby far tho host paid, that no tost of sex or creed of examination bars the portals of the now profession, and enough is said to explain the innumerable letters which rain down upon mo asking, "What shall I do to become a journalist? I. don't think nnyono should dream of bocomlng a journalist—oxccpt of tho broad and butter order—any move than he should dream of becoming a minister of religion, unless ho has a vocation, If ho has got something to say which ho fools ho must say or burst j if ho fools that ho could do some good somewhere, if ho could but "put his hand on tho urchimodoan lovor that moves tho world; " if, in short, ho has gob a message, or a creed, or a call, then ho may with a clear oonsolonoo turn to tho Press as to a pulpit from whonco ho can pronoh. Bub thoso peoplo who have nothing to say and who want to bo paid for saying it or thoso amiablo porsons who ask you to help them up the pulpit stairs of journalism without having a ghost of an idea what thoy will proaoh when thoy got to tho top, had bobber stop away. Of oourso thoro nre many phases of journalistic activity, and it is only thoso who are at the topivvho have tho liberty of prophesying. But :tlio ambitious aspirant who wants.to boaoma a Journal ist alwrtys means to go to the top, Ho is nob content to bo a mofo qulltor of paragraphs, or a descriptive rop-rtor. Ha inlands to write loading articles, to mould and guido public opinion, and so forth, ■ Tho first thing, then, that such a man must ask him \- soil before ho.dooidos to become a jonrnullst Is this, If I am to' toaoh, what am I to. tench? What is .m/ •mossngo? What have .I to'sny that is worth saying? Why should I, out of all tho millions of my country ,'nian and countrywomen, bo solootod to (111 • tho ■ post of public proaahor to the daily oongrogn tion ?' It is, of oourso, nob nooossary that a man , should have any doAnibo out-and-dry orood, Ho may . not have any very clearly urtloulnto mossngo. A j passionate and burning indignation- against wrong .'doing, a steady, forvont dovotion to'- jostled, an on-' thusiastio love of liberty, or an-intonso realisation of tho 'immense complexity of-life, and a lcoon sympathy with all the phasos of cxistonoo j any one of thoso ina-y supply it raotlvo, and an adoquato motivo, for a man to geek to become a journalist;. He must be in earnest about something ; and the greater the range of things ho can be earnest about, the bettor is he likely to succeed in journalism, the more enjoyment he will get out of his work, and the more he will bo likely to interest and beneht his readers. If a man is not interested in the movement of the world's drama, he will not interest his readers. If he is bored, or apathetic, he will be .a bore, and his readers will forget to read his paper. But a man who tingles to his finger-tips with an ever-fresh and inexhaustible interest in every fresh phase of human life, that is the man who can intorest his readers—that man is never dull, ho has always something fresh to say, because ho has always.had something fresh to feel on account of his fresh contact with the realities and actualities of life. If a man is not interested in anything, it is because ho docs not understand it. To understand anything is to bo interested in it 5 to understand it thoroughly is to love it, It is possible to get in terested in anything, even in heraldry or tho latest quotations at Tattorsall's, if you got on tho inside track of things, and understand what they really moan in tho actual daily life of men and women of flesh and blood. Hence tho first qualification of a journalist, if he would lie a real journalist is tho possession of a heart. Dryasdust may bo a very good follow in his library, but ho is out of place in tho editorial sanctum. Tho journalist is the eye of tho pooplo j and as nothing is more trno than tho old saying, that the lieait sees, farther than the head, it is more important that ho should bo sympathetic, not moroly to emotions but to ideas, than that ho should bo crammed with loarning and have a gigantic intellect. Men of gigantic intel lect are raro, and when they aro found there is usually a certain ossificatioa about their mental processes which rendors them too cumbrous for journalism, which domands, above all things, great nimble noss of wit and ability to marshal instantly all yonr ideas. Honco I, would say to any one who wantod to becorno a successful journalist —bo sympathetic. Avoid cynicism and indifference as tho vory dovil. Itogard indifferonco to any subject whatover as a.proof of ignorance, and therefore of in compotonco. Touch life at ns many points as yon can, and always touch it so ns to roeoivo a ml retain its best impressions. If you do not feel strongly, you will not, as a rule, to able to write powerfully j and If your sympathies aro deadonod, and tho eyes of tho under standing are dull, you will become a bora and an abomination, whoso copy will descend into the waste papor basket. For tho first duty of a journalist is to ho alive, and ho who doos not fool, doos not live. But suppose yon fool intonsoly enough arid aro a part of tho sympathetic nervo of civilisation, then got to know your facts and learn to master your tools, .It is a groat mistnko to imagino that feeling is antagon istic to fact. On tho contrary, tho moro you fpoi' tho more hungry yon will ho for facts. A raally sympa thetic soul with an imaginative apparatus in good working ordor, dads nothing so appetising as statistics, To such a man a Bluo Bool; is as^tho gato of Paradise, and the tabulated figures In a consns return moro oloquont than tho ilnost porpratlons of Oloeru or tho .Duko of Argyll, To master your faots—It is tho work of your lifotlmo, If a perfect journalist should not know ovorythlng—which Is porhaps expecting too muoh oven from porfootion—ho ought; to know oxaotly wliero tho pooplo .11 vo who ; do know ovorythlng. And thon ho should loarn to handle his tools, Tho llrst of thosa tools is tho capacity for saying oloavly, with suoh omphasis and precision as tho ansa may permit, oxaotly what ho has. to say, and then to ho donu with It. Avoid long in volvod sontonoos in which tho roador's mind gots tanglod, As an oxoroiso after yon havo wrltton an artiolo, imagino thai; ybu had to tololbgraph lb to Australia at a pound a word—to bo paid out of your own pookot, Tho prooess of condemnation from tho diffuse essay stylo to tho crisp, oondonsod, laconic, nervous stylo of tho tologram will probably maka your moaning stand out muoh moro oloarly, Learn also to wrlto loglhly. By tho time you have had twenty yoars of constant writing for tho Press you will probably wrlto as llloglbly as I do, for I rogrot to say that my oaligvaphy makos tho oomps, to swoav, and has given rise to ninny an amusim. your colunillJ ' writii handwriting, the more careful will not give the publicity 0f in ° lc"eni1''vhi.-h the more certain it is that much writin»wi|| should begin well. G ive the ^ and remember always that there is 20 e ■chance in favour of the acc-ptanceof a In'' MS. as against one which the editor lore's" y,;WtU' deciphering. 1 'ia,!er' Learn at any rate to read French, and if German. If you can also master shorthand S an adopt at the type-writer, so ranch the J!'' your chances of success. These things arc tools of the journalist, and the man who ^p. them well, will find himself the better for itM turn in'tlio race. •snut when you liavo mastered yonr tools, whan Ttow have I to get a footing in the Press; |Ior.: know whether or not I can write ! My ynnn«fp it is no use asking mo that finest,ion, or any ofe The riucstion whether or not yon haven chnnceofsnj depends riot upon any particular essay which may throw out; hut whether you have an eye to a heart to feel, a will that carries you over own and a patience that knows how to wait, arc qualities which are not discernabln by theeo the most sympathetic friend, or of the most lyn critic, to whom you may submit your early co: tions. Tho only tost which is worth anything test which you can apply yourself any day All 'around you there are multitudes of editors, them, to such moasuro of perspicacity as tho gifted with, eagor to find some one capable of< on subjocts that Interest their readers, and cspo anxions to discover such a phenomenon free,: and for nothing. hi very new beginner always • for nothing. I wrote for years before I rea a ponny-pioco. Ib is tho apprenticeship oi nalism. '• But how can I got an editor to: my copy even for nothing I" IIow " W'i the simple expedlont of sending it on to and lotting him taste it for himself, and s«: ho likes ib. Don't go and ask him what to write ah It is tho last thing ho will toll you, for the < loason that he does nob know what is In the ins! your head, and therefore cannot declare what como out. Ohooso your own subject; the veryr will help to show whether you haVo got a jomo oyo in your head, and then don't write about it have gob nothing to say. Wait nnother day,e: another subject on which you iiavo got sonieth: say, and than say it in as few words as is poJ give a full and clear expression to your meaning Then send ib on to tho oditor without losingi Hemomber, In journalism time is everything. Shakospearo and St. I'aul combinod their sjih' l0' duoo the mastcrpicae of human gonitis in the J'1!' an essay about an ovonb throe weeks old, it basketed by almost ovory paper now printed in of some merely ophomoral production that wu the nail." G otting an artiolo accoptod by the fV liko oatohlng a train. I f you aro not there n you might as well not liavo boon thoroat al. Bub what subjects ? As a rule, tho subjec ^ uppermost, Whon you go homo, to toll110 ^ what you havo road in the papois, you « ' montion ilrst thoso subjoots on which tho ct ^ hungriest for copy. Bub no odltoi spun out of'your intorlor as a splclor sp ns of its abdomen,. "What ho wants Is fios i ft •upon tho topio of tho hour j fresh llg >t■ " tho oldest of books or tho latest o . will onahlo him bo 'Illustrate tllQ 9l,b^to ousslon. In any oaso you must try to b something ho doosn't know, Bub w i' knowjusb at tho moment whon hown" ^ It up. Don't meandor away with ft 1):' . ties, sail briskly Into tho heart of your. 'Contribute your quota, whntovor ' ^^idI rollootlon, or quotation, or P'l'',ll 0 ' ° ;ipor M* dona with lb, Poisovoro, m one'groat tdnt of capacity. 