OCAL A ND GeNERAL NEWS. 1n lAsbhotisorurk tiuie fie wehich oooorred at Peak Crossing on Sunday evening, an ano taunt of whihob appeared in yesterday's inase, Mr. F. Porter (the bwner of the hounse 'destroyed),-ltatee that it waus a six-roomed building, with a passage., and contained over 70001t. of tongoued and grooved dressed pine and hardwood. In addition to this, the galvanit~a iron, lookes sad other iron ow?rk necessary in the house cbet ovr £40. lberd was also mn brink chimney,'and thebuilding was sponted both bank and front. As before stated, the origin of the fire is unknown, Mr. Porter being hn.the iiddock at the time. Everythbing.in the house was consumed, in Sluding? ao~eist oft drawers containing an expensve gold watch and other property w-orth ahot . Te. whboleof Mr..Porter's thirty-I&t-; art gath'ering bave been de. stroyed. He estimates the los at about £250. The building was insured with the Colonial Mnutual Company (Mr. E. Barding being the local egenu) for £125 and the ferniture for £75, hut he to?aiders that it 'oo?d taka the whole of that amount to cover the cost of the cloth. ing, bedding, and- fornelture. Mr. Porter insured the bonse in amoonnt of s fire having previonsly ooonrred in one of his out houses. CaonEr TiA, really good, 2s. and 2s. 6d. perlb. Try.it. Cami and Foo.-IAnvDv.] A oWxrIoo of the Workera' Politiacal Organisation was held, in fam's rooms, last evening, when there was a fairly good attend ance of members. It bas stated that seventy claims for registration as electors were on the table as the result of the week's work done by the canvassers, and it was antioipated that over a hundred would be sent is to the Regie tration Court on Tuesday morning next. The first fifty members on the roll were oonstituted a board of management, and a permanent secretary and a new treasurer were appointed. Arrangements were made for a forther canvas of the town. The idea of starting a debating society in connection with the organisation was mooted, and it was unanimoen'y deouid.d to form one. A committee of six were ap pointed to arrange a syllabus of subjects of interest to working men. it being thought that it would bethe means ofgreatly improving the members by ednucating them in various topics dealing with labour matters. The Chairman was instructed to call the committee together as soon as possible after the sitting of the Electoral Revision Oourt, A hbearty vote of thanks was tendered to the Chairman for his servioes during the past week in eeoouring copies of the eleotoral roll, and getting rules for the members. The meeting then adjourned till Monday evening next, when the electoral roll for the town will be carefully gone through and revised. Baeorn Dxso?v's Eagle Twist. Pure Ameri. can leaf.--[ADvT ] 17 Two young sons of the late Hon. John M. Macrosan and several of his most Intimate friends (includinq members of Parliament) passed through Ipawich in the Sydney mail train last evening. We underetand that they were proceeding to Toowoomba to await the arrival of the body, which is to be taken on to Brisbane by opocial train, passing through Ipa wieh this evening. Tsa namo of Mr. Jan. W. Watlkina, head teacher at the Tallegalla State Scohool, who has been promoted from class II, division 3, to class III, division 2, was inadvertently omitted from the list of promotions published on the 23rd ultimo, ALL lovers of msio shbould make a'eote of the fast that to-morrow evening, in the Wes. leyan Churoh, the Church Choir and Snnday school scholars, assisted by a firet-rate orohes tra, will give a number of selections, iaseloding quartettea snd trios. Those who had the plea sure of listening to their performaneos last Sonday will need no argiag to be present to morrow evening, and those who were absent on that occasion will have a treat by seizing the approaohing epportunity. A colleotion will be made in aid of school fuoods. Drxsor'sTobaaoarse thebeet. "Champion pooketpieces, "Eagle" Twiet.--[ArsT.J 17 LAsTr evening there was a baptismal cere monial in the Baptit Church, end a large number assembled to see the rite performed. After a hymn had been song and a prayer had been offaeret4 the Rev. E. Maken, of Rosewood, preached an excellent sermon from St. Matthew, hobspter xxviii. 19,--" Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the ?ather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." In this he defended the manner in which the adherents of the Baptist (burcb were bsptised, and cited several instances in scripture to prove his argument. The Rev. Wm. V. Young, the pastor, alsc delivered an address in which be declared that the baptism in other charches was a 'human invention, which, if he ted; hb weadd consider he were asionnq. He then baptised three femalos, two males, and afterwards gave them some sound and appropriate connsel. Hymns suitable to the oceaion were eang. CarLos Te?, Superior Quality, Ilb. lead packages, Be. 8d. psr lb. Direct Shipment m?aBn and Fooen.-[ADvT.] 20 "OLD SPOBt" writes: To day, in Sydney, turf goers will be treated to the greatest race that has been witnessed for years. I tefer to the All-aged Stakes, one mile, in which Oar bine will meet BHongebah, Mattel, hd a?teral other eraoks. Both fit and well, I believe Carbine will have astern hobase to pat down. Bsngebah-thst is, if he be as swift as re ported, There has not, up to the present, been a more consistent " er" in Anstralia than the renowned un of Masket-Mersey, and as mighty a race.horse as he has proved himself, not even a Osrbine ean go on for ever, but, nevertheless, to best the demon to-day, BHngebah, Marvel, or any at the others wi, barring accidents, need to smash all records, I thitnk. At any rate, 'bthe msetin: of abch speedy animals will be a very interesting event in sporting circles, and a great many seem to think Mr. Wallace's champion will meet his Waterloo in Bangebah. I will believe it when I read the result, for I think Carbine has still another flash in the pan." Do not forget Entertainment on Friday evening in Wealeyan Church. See advertise ment.-[Anr.l THE many friends of the popular medical superintendent of the Ipswich Hospital (Dr. Thornton) will be pleased to learn that he has returned to Ipswich after a fortnight's sojourn in Sydney. He seems much improved by his well deserved holiday, and will, we under stand, resume his duties tomorrow. CAexa Tra, from Is. 6d. to 2s. Gd. per Ib' -Cats ad Foozn.--[Adovt.] 20 YasTreDAY morning a brown ansake, abse uently ascertained to be 4It. ;din. iog, andto have recently shed his skin, ~was observed re connoitring in the garden adjacent to the rail. ways station.master's hoose. An attempt was made to kill it., bout the reptile snaceeded in getting away, Shortly after mid siy he osme out again, and on being chased went into a b?ale between the ooncrete retaining wall and tbhe embankment,. 'Everybody thought that he had· gone for good, but one of.the station bands, Mr. Wm. Spowart, poured a small guantity of carbolio acid down the hole, and his snakeshbip promptly rgsp~idted to tht bali This time he was gsiven the happy despateh, hat not before he had made several attempts to bite hie assailants. Mr. Petford intends to. have him skinned and sent to England. BrEo.NE ThA. from Is. d. to e. 6d. per Ib. 'Oan and Fooaws.-4Anr.] 20 Tan Woogaroo authorities state, that sines last report one male and two females have bsen admitted into the asylos, and one male has been dishobarged. The medical euperin. tendantaoknowledges, withthaeks, the receipt of parcels of newspspers from Mrs. Ayeeoabh, had Mrs. .orrw Brisbane, and the proprietors of .. A Zeituns and Lo/er Sear for the patients at Goodna. ONoo smoked always smoked: . DxrsON'a "Champion" pocket pieces.tAcvi.)] 17 