ANGTTO-ICOIIQNIAII "GOSSIP. [Fromourown •Correspondent. ] London, Jane 26. Commander Walcot is now staying in •Germany, where-he is taking the waters. Messrs. Bonnin and Simms have been staying at the Hotel Metropole, Brighton. Sir Saul Samuel, tbe Agent-General for New South Wales, has been re-elected to the Council of the Society of Arts. An Australian who was present at the meeting in St. James's Hall last Friday, June 19, the jubilee meeting of the Colonial Bishoprits Fund, when Mr. Gladstone spoke, tells me that the ex- Premier's whole speech was a sly attack on the English Establishment. MK. Gladstone rather over-exerted himself at the meeting, and has brought on something like A return of his influenza attack. The Queensland dinner came off last night at the Criterion, when Sir James Garrick presided. No reference was made to the recent loan failure. Mr. Sanderson starts for his trip to Norway by the Garonne, leaving on July 1. Sit- Arthur Blvth is, I am glad to hear, in better health, though his doctor will not allow him yet to leave London. Chief Justice. Way, with many other South Australians, was present at the conversazione of the Royal Colonial Institute held in the Natural History Museum, South Kensington. Mr. T. A. Atkinson, who has come over here on a mission, is ;o have an interview at an early date with Sir Henry Owen, Secretary of the Local Government Board. MR. Berens is thinking of settling down in a London suburb and devoting himself to bis projected book on the science of political economy. Some of his old friends gave Mr. Henry Taylor a welcome the other night at Anderton's Hotel. Letters regretting absence were read from Mr. Jesse Callings and Mr. Schnardhorst, and expressing the hope that Mr. Taylor would yet live to do cooa work in the RADICAL cause. Mr. Schnarahorst has made overtures to Mr. Taylor to remain in England and take up similar work which he did SO well in connection with the Agricultural Labourers' Union, but Mr. Taylor does not see his way at present to accept the offer. Mr. Taylor is giving a lecture about the country entitled "South Australia and the Fly in the Ointment"—A reference to the land question in South Australia. Mr. T. H. Bowen is now staying with Mr. Walter Howard at Hierhgate. Dr. Gardner, of Adelaide, and Mr. W. A. Horn have been staying for a few days at Oxford. Chief Justice Way, I hear, had .to stand a good deal of chaff when he got his degree of D.C.L. from Oxford University. The students didn't know much about him, except that his name was Way, and that he came from Australia. When the Chief Justice appeared there were loud shouts of " This way, sir; and you have come a long way, SIR; were you very seasick?" all of which Chief Justice Way took very pleasantly. The recent discussions among the Wesleyans on tbe questions of inspiration and Sabbathkeeping have evidently alarmed Mr. Spurgeon. In conjunction with a number of ministers he has issued a manifesto declaring for out-andout Calvinism. It is in the following terms:— "We the undersigned, banded together in fraternal union, observing with growing pain and sorrow the loosening hold of many upon the truths of revelation, are constrained to . avow our firmest belief in the verbal inspiration of all Holy Scripture as originally given. To 11s the Bible does not merely contain the Word of God, but is the Word of God. From beginning to end we accept it, believe it. and continue to preach it. To us the Old Testament is no less inspired than the New. The b-xik is an organic whole. Reverence for the New Testament accompanied by soepticism as to the Old .appears to us absurd. The two must stand or fall together. We accept Christ's own verdict concerning • Moses and all the prophets' in preference to any of the aupposed discoveries of •so-called higher .criticism. We hold and maintain the truths generally - known a 'the doctrines of grace.' The electing lpve of God tbe Father, the propitiatory and substitutionary sacrifice of WIS SON JESUS •Christ, regeneration by the Holy Ghost, the imputation of Christ's nghteousness, the justification of the sinner (once for all) by faith, his walk in newness of life and growth in grace by the active indwelling of the Holy Ghost, and the priestly intercession of our Lord Jesus, as also the hopeless perdition of all who reject the Saviour, according to the wordB of the Lord in Matt. xxv. 46 ' These shall go away into eternal punishment,' are, in our judgment, revealed and fundamental truths.' Our hope is the personal pre-jnillennial return of the Lord Jesus in glory. The signatories include —C. H. Spurgeon, A. G. Brown, J. Douglas, MA-, W. Fuller Gooch, G. D. Hooper, J. Stephens, M.A, Frank H. White, J. H. f rnard, J. Wesley Boud, W. H. Broad. J. Brown, M.D.. J. R. Cox, E. J. Farley, Fergnsson. Finlay Gibson, Charles Graham. W. Harrald, W. Jackson, W. R. Lane, H. O. Mackey,' F. B. Monti, J. S. Morris, H. Sinclair Paterson, M.D., Frank M. Smith, Charles Spurgeon, J. L. Stanley, H. .E. Stone, W. Thomas, George Turner, and W. Williams. Mr. B. C. Molloy, MP., who was recently in Australia, has lately been travelling in Mashonaland. He says that Mashonaland is a fever country. For instance, be says that for over three solid months Fort Salisbury and tbe surrounding country has been an island formed by swollen rivers, the. result of the incessant rains—rivers so deep, rapid, and dangerouB that no supplies could reach the small occupying force of military and prospectors, with whom there was practically no postal communication. Had the Matabele impis, he continued, seized this NR-oment to strike the invader, Mr.. Rhodes and the Duke of Fife might have adopted as a Company's motto, "Love's Labour Lost." , Thirteen hundred and eighty boxes of Tasmanian apples have just been landed in good condition in London from the Britannia. Mr. Ullmann, formerly of Adelaide, is the electrical engineer who has charge of the electrical lighting of Queen Victoria-street. London papers state that on June for the first time gas was dispensed with in Queen Victoriastreet, and the electric light solely relied on. Thirty-six standards have been erected, and show an illumination more brilliant, powerful, and pure than was obtained from 104 gas lamps, which have been extinguished. Small writing can now be read when passing through Queen Victoria-street by night in a cab. The experiment altogether has proved a great success, and when the neighbouring streets and the houses are lighted by electricity London will have a chance of becoming at night even brighter than the Land of the Midnight Sun. At a recent meeting of the Hampstead Board of Guardians the death was reported, from heart disease of Montagu Ambrose, temporarily an inmate of the workhouBe, and said to be an Australian landowner. At the previous meeting of the Board the now deoeased had personally thanked the Guardians for the kind treatment he had received in the infirmary of the workhouse, and stated that he was a landowner in Australia, ninety miles above Adelaide, where his wife still was. He had, he said, come to England some time ago, but had no friends here, and had run out of money, meanwhile being taken ilL HE had written home for funds toenable him to take his passage back to Australia, and the Guardians had allowed him to remain in the workhouse pending the arrival of the necessary money. The Master of the Hampstead Workhouse says that Mr. Ambrose was admitted to the Workhouse Infirmary in April last from a common lodginghouse in Hampstead very ill, and he did not give the address of any relatives or friends. The following letters were found upon him:— " South Australian Office, July 15,1890. Mr. M Ambrose, 35, Droop-street, Queen's Park, Harrow-road. Sir—In reply to your letter of the 14th inst. I am directed to inform you that the Agent-General has not received any instructions from the South Australian Government with regard to the payment of your passage back to AUSTRALIA) and he regrets that it is not in his power to assist you, or to suggest what course you should adopt ia order to get back.—I am, &c.;, SAUL. DEEBING, Assistant Agent-GeneraL" " South Australian Office, November29,1890. To Mr. Montagu Ambrose, Chelsea'Workhouse. Dear Sir—I am directed to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 27th inst., and to inform you that the Agent-General has not received any communication from the Government of South Australia respecting the payment of your passage batik to Adelaide.—Faithfully yours. SAML. DEEBING, Assistant Agent-GenaraL" The following letter was also read:—"124, Kilbum-lane, KenBal Green W., June 8, 1S91. Sir—Dear friend, I thank you for letting me know of the death of Montagu Ambrose. I saw him last, when he called here, some six weeks or more ago, to ask for a little help, which I had occasionally given, and he promised to let me know when he had : settled again. I trust he was ready for the sudden call, as I also pray we, too, .may be ready. I am not in a position to bury him. —Yours truly, H. BBOHXXT." VICEREGAL. —The Countess of Kintore has issued invitations for a danoe at Government House on August 3, .when Lord and Lady Jersey will be present. THE BENSON FUND.—An inaccuracy occurred in the report of the concert given in the Port Town Hall on Monday evening by the Original Port Christys in aid of the Benson Fond. It was there stated that Mr. Benson, who wae severely injured while assisting in the attempt to tow off the stranded barque Notre Dam* dp la Garde recently at the Semaphore, H<H}<FOD from the effects of the injuries received. it is gratifying to say, is not tbe case, «e Mr. Benson, although incapacitated from WOV^ BRB reoovered a measure 01 health. PRESENTATION. — A presentation *JS made to the Rev. J. Rowe w the Frankhnstreet Bible Christian Chnrcih tms -evenhw. 