A NEW LEAF. A Pathetic Parting. "I am going to turn over a now leaf," ha said, feebly, his pallid lips wearing just a ghost nf a smile. "Still delirious." said tho doctor, with professional gravity. " No," said tho sick man's wife— she was also his nurso and sole watcher, "Jim is in his right mind when lie begins to turn over a new leaf." "Oh, that's a habit of his, is it?"&Bked; the doctor, kindly, as if he didn't know what everybody else knew, that poor, weak, shiftless Jim \Yorthcn was always going to do something that he never did. "I've Hcen it all since I've been lying sick." It was Jim's fecbio voico now. "I've been such a worthless, selfish husband to you, Nellie— such an idle, good-for-nothing I fellow !" j " No, no, Jim," protested his wife, crying I softly, "you were always kind 10 me. ft 1 wasn't your fault that things went j wrong. " - "Oh, I ean see now as I never saw before, llflW T have Woslprt t.hn nrnnf. ..rmnp.i.ni,.. I of life. But I'll turn over a new leaf— this time I am ill earnest." He had done it many times. All the fair white leaves of his life he had turned over, and now the recording angel had them in his keeping, soiled, blotted, illegible, nothing | to compute from their poor moral arithmstio but the time he hail wusted. ' Hush ! the siek man is talking. Not < turning the loaves over now, but backwards, j for in his troubled sleep his pale lips move, i and he babbles of his boyhood's duys — of a 1 deep still tarn in tho woods whero the trout i leap — a place that lie only knowB of. His wife smiles. Ho is dreaming, she says, - When ho awakes with a Btart he looks strangely at them all : " Why-why-whero ani I? Where is i mother?" His faithful wife ib forgotten. Another face— one that has been under the grave yard mosses for years— is in his memory now. "I thought she was here," bo said faintly. _ " Oh, I remember now. I was sick and' dreaming. Let me get up. I want to begin all over again. I have turned over a new leaf." " Yes, dear .Tim." Nellie held his wan white hand in hers. He did not feel the tears that were softly dropping upon them. " Wo'll go home first and visit the old folks. I never took you homo, Nellie, and they'll he glad to see us. I've been tho prodigal son, but they'll forgive mo. What was that mother used to read? 'In my Father's house are many mansions.' There'll be room for me there, for I've turned ovor a new leaf— it's — all white and clean — a— now loaf — " " Jim, oh, Jim 1" His eyes gently closed— he had turned tho now leaf. 