Currant Svents. By J.A.EL (Loqui Veriias et timeo nui) There are evidently some thrifty tradesmen at Broken Hill who are quite capable ot taking cire of the ' bawbees*' Tne Advertiser corres pondent at the Barrier says,, inter alia : — ' A friend of mine is the pro prietor of as snug a little business as there is ia tawn. He loves solo whist, and other card gaaaes, and iu order to make up a party the other avemng he invited one of his assis tants round to his private house. A couple of hoars went by pleasantly, find when the party broke up the as sistant innocently pushed sixpence into his host's hand, remarking in a proud manner, * There, that's- my share of the kerosene' ** An amusing story comes from the same source : — ' At the Proprietary Mine the latest development it* ^in the shape ©t a ghost. During the last fe.v nig} its the surface hands have had their attention attracted to a huge shadowy form, which flitted at inter vals along the crest oi the great iron stone ouccrop, and tiie mysterious visitor struck terror to the hearts of many of the plucky fellows who gazed upon it. It was endowed,, they said, with four legs, and two enormous horns grew out from tlie head. The other night the ' ghost' was captured. It turned out to be a goat VT It is affirmed that so many publicans have been fined at Broken Hill for selling liquors during prohibited hours on Sundays, that it is now as difficnlt there to get a ' square drink' ou Sun days as it is ia the fair eity of Ade laide. The Southern Cross says : — ' Lady Jersey has had prepared a nicely bound book, which is intended to be filled.wir.il the autographs of the dele gates to the Federal Convention, and also with any nice things which the delegates might ieel inspired to write therein. Tbis book — as well as its fait owner. —was very much en evidence at tlie Convention towards its close. Opposite the page set apart for each colony is- a little bit of poetry from Lady Jersey's own fair hand. At the Baptist Church, Tjanra, on Saturdav evening, May 16th, a very iustruetive and interesting lecture on the ' Enfranchiserneat of Woman' was delivered by Mr. E. G. Grant, of Appila. There was a good attendance, have been expected, from th& import ance of the matter. Tlie leeturer dealt with his subject in a very lucid manner, pointing out the great ad vantages, socially aud morally, which would result from extending the suffrage to women. And he also ad verted to the fact that their usefulness and good influence bad become so ap parent, that they were admitted to voting in the Baptist and Anglican Church meetings. At thejconclusion, on the motion of Mr. John Walter, a hearty -vote of thanks was tendered to the lecturer. Re the late elections for Central District, Qirilp has a cartoon intituled ' Labor Victory No, 1.' It represent* Charleston, in the garb of a Boman soldier with short sword in his uplifted right hand, aud his foot on the neck ol a fallen ibe, while close besides him stands Guthrie in — what I suppose is meant for a sailor's costume — with a cutlass in his right hand, which is passed at the back of his colleaque so that they seem to be half embracing each other, while around them lie their opponents in various attitutes of delect and dismay. Qidlp of last week indulged in a prophetic cartoon representing Kirk patrich with one foot trampling ou the head* -of a dragon with the leaturcs of E. CTBaker. This 'vision of the feature' has not however been realised. But although Fitz has not triumphed over Baker, he has come in a capital ' second best. ' And this has created another ' sensation.' 1 fancy I can bear great Tomki exclaiming iu dire dismay ' What three plebeians entering the fane devoted to wealth l^These representatives of the 'lower orders' to dare to come ? betwixt the wind, and my nability.'' Ay ! 0 most mighty *' objector,' it is ever too true. And the end is not et. Apropos of elections I would remind our readers that the election for our owu district comes off to-morrow. This is not the place — nor is it the province of the writer — to praise, or criticize, the candidates. I would simuiy recommsiiti every elector — as a duty ne owes hiseountry — to go to the poii, and, uninfluenced by any sohcta tion^or otuer influence which may be brought. k- bear upoa him, record his vote in favor of the most deserving ; and — above ali — the most trustworthy and straightforward. The Parliament is what the people make it. If good me a are returned as members we may expect good laws ; if bad, or incapable outirf, why then — Chaos. A great deal of descussion pro and con, has lately been going on in the daily press concerning what has been termed ' The Iniquitous Law ' under which Diatricts^CouncilSy afbera certain tune, have power lo sell land for arrears of rates, and some correspon dents complain of having lost heavily by the sale of their lands, on which they had not had notice. To my mind, the whole question lies in a nutshell. In many cases — and especially allotments in country towns —it is very difficult to find out the owners, or rerouted owners of un occupied, laud and the only course left to the District Councils is — alter due advertisement in the Government (Gazette to proceed — as directed by the District Councils Act-to sell the said lands in order to leaiize the amount of rates due. Oh the other hand the owner of land — in large or small quantities — must surely know where it is situate. And as the whole settled country is now divided into District Councils, he must know that he is liable for rates, and if he won't go to the trouble or expense of even a post card to ascertain his. liability, he cannot reasonably complain, if the District Councils exercise the powers ' = vested in them by ?- the law of the land.' 