CrOSSIP. /: Melbourne Gossip. Bx Viva. MELBOURNE, December 27. Parliament is safety in recess until June, after a ; prorogation -whereat the speeches had the jubilant ; tone peculiar tothe orations at school .prize days. The Premier and liis Cabinet have retired into' private life, probably to7 deviBe B scheme for the , conversion of ' the Victorian public Jto teeto talism or one for railway reform, -wherein Sunday trains shall be unknown quantities. It ; j is said that the public will be kept amused for the next half-year by the doings of the railway com mittee, appointed to .undertake the difficult task ' of making our railway system at once economical and efficient. Irrigation and financial economies ! are prophesied to be the chief subjects of discus sion during the next Session of Parliament, and railway reform is to be the Ministerial cry at the n^xt- general elections. In the meantime the people of this city are given up to Quips, and cranks, and Wanton -wiles, Kods, and becks, and wreath&d; smiles. 5 A. very' interesting collection of pictures was opened last week in one of ihe many galleries of the Exhibition Building. Mr. J. 'E. Slierrard, of this city, *was mainly instrumental in getting the ?works of art together. The collection is to be one . of -the holiday attraction^, and as the new croco dile in the aquarium can ;be seen at the same building as the pictures, and at the same price, the general' public will' probably 'do' the 1 art ' collection vith. the --crocodile. ' The latter, I - may remark en passant. Mi is been rivalling Mn : Felix Tanner, the fasting man. The monster was ; -caught with live bait, and refused for a long time to eat dead food. I believe it has been starved into submission. To return to the pictures. The ; organisers of the collection wished to have a repre sentative display of Victorian art and of pictures fromprivate galleries toshowto our country cousins. The -works of local artists are therefore side by side with ' old masters ' and modern European Statures. The truly Australian pictures of L'Cubhin and of Buveldt hold their own in the exhibition. There are 'two charming canvases of Leader and Buvel8t side by side, the one showing a bit of Worcestershire, and the other a view of the Macedon ranges. Two pf the most interesting pictures fire studies sent from Parisbya young Vic torian, Mr. E. P. Foxe. Mr. Foxe is an Aus tralian Jew, and his work shows that he belongs to a talented race. 'Autumn' is the title of one of his pictures. It shows an autumnal scene in a French forest. The picture is full of poetry. One seems to hear the wail of the autumnal winds that have driven a mass of many-coloured leaves 'to the foreground. Above them are the leafless trees- — Bare rubied choirs, where late the sweet birds sang. The leaves are a study in many colours that har monise in a. manner ? that charms the eye. The sombre tints of the autumnal sky are relieved by bright touches among the leaves, that, »b Shelley's, 1 Are driven like ghosts, from an enchanter fleeing, ? 'Xellow, and black, and pale, and hectic red. Mr. Foxe's other contribution is a painting of & Normandy peasant girl, luiittihg. Her head is covered with a square . white cap, and her ? plain, sober face is bent down oyer her -work-. Behind W in the light of the eun shining on the grass and trees, that form a frame for her head and face. Madame Mouchette sends a painting of a brown bowl of arum-lilies, the work, of Lady Loch. One wonders how that hard-worked lady found time to execute -even bo simple a picture. Dr. L. L. Smith'* loan pictures have a bay to themselves. He sends some colossal Haydns and dingy TitenB, and an historic casket supposed to be the gift of Louis XVI. to Marie Antoinette. The casket is a large oblong box of ebony and tarmshed gold, rather hefivy , and clumsy in Workmanship, and capable of holding Cardinal de Itohan's famous diamond necklace and a 1 host of other jewels besides. The cover iB almost too heavy to lift ; and if Marie Antoinette used this casket as a jewel-box, she must have had stronger handB than the women of to-day. A portrait of the -ill-fated Queen, painted on porcelain, appeal's on one side of the box and one of Louis A. VI. on the other. The most interesting of Dr. -Smith's pictures are a very striking portrait of himself by Mr. Tom Roberts and a charming picture of the doctor's five-year-old daughter by the siame artist. ^ The collection includes a very early picture by Millais, and an Etty, a Gerome and a John Varley, as well as a Paraxcahdola — after Titian. The last named ' Is * san unpoetical picture of Danae, interesting on account of its antiquity. The gallery is full of old 'friends, in the shape of pictures 'formerly exhibited at private or public views. Some of , Mi. Tennyson Cole's masterly portraits in watercolours appear. One of the moBt beautiful is a portrait pf a fair English girl, entitled 'The Womanhood of England.' Mr. Cole's Englishwoman is much^ more sub stantial than her Australian sister. She is rosy, plump, and delonnaire. Her figure is not so lithe ' and graceful as many one sees in Austral cities or on Austral plains, but her complexion is as fresh as a dewy rose. Her lips are like roses, her checks much the same, . - X)r.b dish' of fresh strawberries all smothered in crame. The social season has closed with two large en tertainments — a garden - party given by the Speaker, and a ball in aid of the Antarctic Ex ploring Expedition. . Sir Matthew and Lady Navies had a ,coo\ day 'for., then festv vityj and' the beautiful grounds of ' Brack- nell' were gay with Christmas bells, many coloured pansies and masses of faint-hued ivy geranium. The house was open ior the -guests* vwho wandered about , the superbly fur nished and much-decorated rooms, where the only 4l-af S.t niohiHa onrl cfflflinrv. Tn the grounds, among glass-houses, full of rare orchids and rustic summer-houses,' that seem to rise out , of -masses of bright flowers, is a miniature house built for the amusement of the Speaker's children. A verandah, runs round this building, and within are all the appointments of a zeal house, including akitchen anda miniature gasstove. The small chairs and lounges ere covered with cretonne, showing Kate Greenaway figures. The floor-coverings show the same figures and the bay windows have low ?seats, suitable for little people. The' hostess received her guests' on one of the lawns. She wore a charming gown of muslin.; of ' the palest ahade of . mauve, embroidered in several tones of mauve ranging from that of the whitish colour of mauve ivy-geranium, to the pinkish heliotrope of * petunia. . . The muslin was draped over mauve coloured silk, and her bonnet and parasol -corresponded in colour to the dress. The party - was remarkable for the number oT men that I appeared at it. Men usually hate garden parties. They are not so interested as their better halves in .Hob criticism of the women's gowns, and the want j \- of anything definite to dp seems to weigh upon ; their minds. In compliment to the Speaker ?many of' our hard-worked legislators and' toiling city men . appeared on the lawn at Bracknell during the afternoon, and helped to ' consume the champagne and superb strawberries. The Ladies Estellft and Dorothea Hope were among the guests. The elder of these ladies is a tall, -fair girl, while her sister is short and fair. They have rather pretty faces and pleasant expressions. Their' mode of dressing is ?extremely plain. At this garden-p^rty they wore very plain gowns of striped white Liberty silk and large white hats, with deep blue feathers. English women either do not pay so much attention to the outer woman as the typical Australian belle, or they lack what Mark Twain calls a natural and faultless taBte in drees.' The ball in aid of Ihe Swedish-Australian Antarctic exploring expedition ? was . hardly a brilliant success. It was held' at the very -end of the season, when the most devoted Terpsichoreans begin to get a little weary pf dances. At the fag end of the season even, balls pall upon the fashion able world, who are inclined to sigh for the country and retire to rustic resorts to smell new-mown hay and taste fresh fruit. The ball was to be a 'white' one; but few of the guests wore white. It was held in the Exhibition Building, which looks rather dreary and barn-like, now it is emptied of the world's wares. The galleries were opened for Spectators, who came to see the assemblage, and were disgusted by its want of brilliancy. The ' dancers, some 600 in number, were lost in the great galleries and annexes of the Exhibition Building. They would have made a fair show in a smaller room. The committee of the Antarctic Society did' what they could to give the ball a distinctive air. They erected a realistic iceberg on one side of the hall and a scene at one -end. This scene represented the Antarctic or Arctic regions. It showed ice, snow, bearB, walruses, and two live Esquimaux. The visitors wore all manner of gowns, in no way connected with exploring or symbolic of the Arctic regions. One of the prettiest and most appropriate gowns was that of a young lady who represented a graduate of the University of Enderby's land. Her gown and cap were snow-white, and her crimson badge bore in white letters her degree—' Below Zero.' Miss Nellie Stewart, the brightest theatrical star of the sunny South, has received a flattering offer to appear on the London stage. Mr. Austin Brereton prophesied her success some time ago. His prophesy may yet be fulfilled. 