Fourth Pack. —The following additional reading matter will be found in the fourth page:—Mining News and. Notes, Dismissal, of Railway Signalmen, Discovery of Gold at Binolyo, Tho Gibson Stabbing .Case, Exten sive Frauds at Sydney, An Old Paper, Ghost Story, Letter to tho Editor. • To-day’s Events.— Maroiig Raois, 1p.m.; Hunt Club meet Mdroug, Z p.m. j toa, Prixii tivc Methodist Church, Ironbark, 6.30 p.m.; fiublic meeting s p. m. ; anniversary, tea, Bui k oy street Band of Hone, 6.30 p.m. ; enter tainment, 7.30 p.m. ; Hospital Board,, 7.30 n.m. pNorthcott’s Band practice, 7.30 p.m.-; 'Cb-oporativo Bakery Tom pbrancoHall, 8 p.m. ; Progressive Political League, Biggs’ Cafe, 8 p.m.'; anniversary social; Oddfellows’ Hall, 8' p.m,; race ball, Marohg, 8.30 p.m. Football Matches—Sandhurst *v. Bendigo, at Back Creek, 3.30 p.m. ; North Sandhurst v. Eoglohawk, at Eaglobawk, 3.30 p.m, ■ , Parliament. —Several small bills were dis cussed in tbc Legislative Council last even ing, and'some progress, made with them.In the Assembly a variety of- question^were touched upon., The Land Sales. Auction Bill was passco; and 1 ,the, estimates fqrjscvcral of the departments were dealt with. By the Land Sales Bill’) £1,084,000 is sot apart for public works promised hy tho late Govern ment, .and to<, be. recouped from ■ tho sale of land. In a schedule to tho bill £32,000 is provided for : tho Bendigo , Law; Courts, and £10,000 for the Bendigo Art Gallery. The numlal> vote for; tho ort : galleries > at Sand hurst, Ballarat, ami Wiirrhambool has been reduced to £1200 each. I The Hox. J. , H. Abbott (mayor of Sand [ hurst) was to house for a few days . with >prevailing epidemic of influenza. Yesterday, however,, though apparently hone too well, he was about tho city, and will prob ably bo fooling as comfortable .as: over, before ipany more days., . ■ .■ .• < > j Tub Sandhurst' Presbytery.— The moot ! ing was hold yesterday aftpriidou at St. Andrews? vestry. Present—TJio Rev. Messm ] Rcunison (moderator),Neilson, Lowers, and Johnstone '(clerk pro tom.’),’and Messrs. jj. Barr, G. S, Blssott; oldens, [Apologies were received tyom t)io Messrs,. 1 Webster, Harvey, and, Kirkwood. : Tt' wha dd joiddd to request tlio assbrVibly fo : chnngd thd name . the Bendigo, Pro’sbyterv, a.nd -to redbniniohd that the ' ildy. ; 'E. 'J- Welch be admitted to tho ministry., Ttya- Rev. J. C. Johnstone LAvns. .upqnmio.usly, elected Ho brought,under the .notice,of thoi Riombcrs that Mr. R. Steele., J,P.,-'o£ Wcddorburn,who ihad done so much for tho churchy there Bad ireecotlydidd. It was decided? that ’d-’lettcFi |of sympathy be-sont to tho widow and 1 family, at was also decided, to with {the Rev. Mr. Stoker in his serious illness. Tho Rev, Mr. James thiinoffdreS up prayer jin- ycbnhectibnf -with those editors; : Tlio records of the various were, received and obtested. A report from thd Rov. Messrs. Mathers ana’ John? stone, with reference to the .settlement of tlio Rov. P..,W. r Matthew,at .<.Au appli cation'for" a "loan and grant was received from the Mijdura congregation., It .was dc ediod to lend £200, and grant £60 from tho church extension fund. The Ucv. Mr,, N.eil son was appointed treasurer. The Revs. Reunison,Kirkwood, and Harvey wore elected assessors of-the Wedderburu Congregation-to; elect elders. Mr. Parker made a •statonieht' with reference to affairs at Hcathcoto,,and l it' was resolved that’Mr.'M. Smith 'shdiild take charge of ; tho mission there for three jraqnlluj. An application was received from ; Birohip for moderation and a call., It was granted, and the ;Rev. Mr.' Kirkwood was delegated to moderate and .attend-a pro re nela , wooing lit Inglewood to: deal' with the question,, Representatives to tho general assembly in Melbourne tin November were appointed:'Th'd Revs. Rcunison, : Neilson,-and Johhstdno wore elected representatives at the ,qcarterly mdot-'’ ihgs; ; It was { decided that the host meeting should bo 'hold in’ Melbourne' durlng 'thp slttiiVg of tlio assembly. ’ " ‘ , j j The Rev. E. J. Welch, who.has boon eonnocted ;\yith ; the Baptist, Churoli for, several years, applied yestorday to the., Sand hurst Presbytery to bc-ndmitted ns a Presby terian,, clergyman. Aftpr gome -discussion it was decided .to ’recommend -jibe,, Assembly to admit Mr. Welch. The Rev, A,. S. C, Jaihcd tttfdf Ji - ‘G. ‘ Johnstone- 'dp- 1 - pointed to' ■ support tho''reebmui'cndoltibh 1 fore tho Assembly.: J ;Thb Cattle Market SiniNd.—Tho tation appointed to' Wftitontho’ Railvay. Cpmmisiooers with reference* to tho longij promised siding at tho cattle yard, will inter view tho r do!»niissionors ati Tho interview was., arranged . bv Messrs. Bjurrowos and 'M’s'.L. A., who,yostor doy wired to. that effect to thiwtownr clerk. The deputation' wilL Include the mayor; ’the members for the .district, and Messrs,. J. ; C. Walker ri4t<V T;- ?Pu fnain :^ represent tlio icafctlo salesmen, and the:»attlo yard inspector j (Hr. A. , lV , 0 ; ITre CRo?i_- Rain_i8 nmoU.. .wanted , some parts of this and tho surrounding .dis tricts. A' traveller' upsCbnrlton the' crjops are very backward ’;* in many “ihs.tonccs being scarcely jibovo'tbo ground. Should tho i’nin keep off much longer, tho outlook will sndt bo*1 fijfi H HfT* noon. Present — 0;^* (in tho chair), Kirby, D. Watson, D. fi. Lazarus, Birch, W, Davis: and Dr. Jamos • Boyd. 37 applicants' Wal’d awarded aid: b^r »bordi»r’22 in kind: frornltlio Jfistitu-i ri. (‘AUl hfjtwb/cascqwas diit&edf.;'ih h!*! Inouo declined/? Oijqfmiiii ; i ndrniUed,aml a pair ol booU tvnd nsbtrt utqdAo niftquUdqPr recipient Ro«; podtfSvbre olftpiE’XDM J. T)f Boyd), superintendent (MrTT.J. S, McIlroy), ai%*olleetor (Mr. J.-K. Whld boncd). 295 distributions wore made out doordurhigtho-weck-to fnniil!ca"consiating: .of 33 adults, and 121 ohUdven :aiul there,, arc, inslltuU6n‘ l$P hjalob/’27 foihalbs, Wo! lying in-patients, oiio In Taut—total, 21<l. ; I'm? WKATirKii.—Mr. W, M. Waddell's In struments gave tho following readings yes terday :—Tnennomoter: 9ft,in,, S3; 12 noon, 63; 3p,m.,64; 6 p.m,, 66; maximum, 65; minimum, 37. Barometer; 9 a.ni,, 29.CO ; 6 p.m,, 29.46, A BllAHKimOKKll'a lNBOl.VKNCY.~A general. meeting of creditors was liolo on Monday in Melbourne before tho Clerk in Insolvency in tbo estate of William Clomow of Melbourne, sharebroker. Proofs of debt amounting to £1195 19b!dd were presented;, and tho moot ing wiis then adjourned to tbo 21st hint, ■(City ;Police Counx,—Yesterday 1 dames Comvay Oil Myers’ Flat pleaded, guilty i to. drunkenness ahd'assaulUng thopoliob. ,pbn stables Yolland and Cuffe gave Widdndo that tho man was exceedingly viblont lit tho Thcfttro on Monday availing. Ho resisted like a mad man and when being lifted Into a cab kicked Constable Cuffo two or three times. Ho was fined 6s with 2s 6d costs for drunken?- ness and 15o for assaulting tho police, Tho linos wore paid shortly afterwards. Mar garet Galiamin was committed to tho Kew Asylum on the recommendation of Drs, J. M, Eadio and F. M. Peebles. drunkard wa#., fined 2s 6dr A" 'n u i in hoiis*' l>y tl idol or k ;of courts nKainst-Elizabotlf Borriinan to recover £19 15u ml, arrears for the maintenance or her children in the, Industrial School’, >.wa« ! adjourned foi’.fpnr weeks, r \ , State- school Examination.— The ’ amuini examination of the East Bendigo State school has just’boon concluded by luspoctor Pump boll, ami the maximum percentage, viz., 100, . jThO;, Ipspcctor’s report /.was ns follow •.—“ Classification approved. The school has made satisfactory progress during the year, and has.evidently neon well managed, and well taught,.-■•.JMsoiplino, very good; Gingingj*.vot’y. good; idftvwing; snliafootory ; drill,.good; records-to date.” • Thq roHullshaa boon made in tho face of groat 'difficulties, j such as,orptydod.building, limited,,yard-room* ,i [cfcdl There is no doubt whatever that if ov suitable building wove . provided tyy-the p’o pdHuiont tfijs’scnool would have the' largest | attendance'id the district, ns "the 'population oh Quarry Hill is advancing by leaps and bounds, now houses springing-up all Over the place, and,being occupied as -soon as com pleted. At present many parents keep’ their younger children at homo? \VhiM others are refused admittance.,every week. Tho Hoard of Advice lately reported unfavorably on flic r scanty aocminodatlon provided. . It may qlso ,benbtc§.that flftc'on jhipils vpbgf&d.; in, cvoiSy subject’in, the sixth class, .thus entiling them to the “inbritr certificate” of'fbo'Education Department, whilst with a couple of excep tions the, whole of the. fifth; and a largo pro portion of ..the fourth classes.-obtaitied jjthio ordinary “exempt certificate.” ' Great icrqdlt Is certainly due to MiC. Benjamin J,. 1 . Hurston •’and 1 sthff 'for .showing’eucn a successful,year's work,”' Tub Swung Snow.~Tho Bendigo Agricul tural and-Horticultural . Society have issued tho prize sohedue for the Spring Show to bq held on Wednesday and Thuraday, W.th .anti 15tfi' October. . Thq committee ,hayo spared no pains in ohdcavdnhg to jnaintain tho high position Uiis society has attained .ip regard to its '-shows, by issuing a ' most -liberal 1‘'pro gramme of prizes. , tho first, cWs ‘(horses,'which inlcud.cs draughts, Clevelands, thoroughbreds, ponies),, on through cattle, sheep, swine, dogs, poultry, maohinopy,imple ments," flowora, muits, dairy y produce, bees,' wines and miscellaneous/tlio various sections of thcsccl asses have a prize blotted., varying from £26 to ,5s. Tho sporting events have i had partciulnr attention'paid to them, and cxr lend Oyer; both days of; t)ip ; show. Dairy produce,' a class that always excited keen competition, has,been, well/attcpdetl to. There is an abundance of special prizes, comprising money, trophies, plate, , jewellery, etc. The committee have a'ready commenced opera tions in tho yards preparing for the show,' whiclv St is anticipated, 'owing" lb~'tlib great /nteigesj, {aUem. wijl;eqpal’,gif not isurpaas; • all (dt,is 1 ’a matter? row ooifgmtu-. 1 at ion for all concerned that the average attendance last year was over twlovo thous and persons each .day, an assemblage that is not excelled/ if ever equalled, in ' the raolro-; polls. \ WErx’OMiNO Home;—Tho'qmplbyes 61 }Ar. Gin’ott J. Sweeney, proprietor of, the, oxtou-, sivo wood-working factory in' Garsed street,j last evening ontcrtAjnod him .with-light re-: freshinents laid out at the works,on tlio occa sion of his return from .a trip tq the old country. There was a./good/mustor of the; werlimmi,'.; and ’ Mr... PI Prescott ..presided; j vyh'ilo Mr. P- D. Bossolraan was. in..tho 'vice- j| .qlmifwAftor tho odibles; were disposed 6f, and the loyal -toasts honored, (ho chairman! proposed Mr, Swcuuoy’a healtli.- Hc. oxprosso'd ! the extreme-pleasure of all tbo factory bands at his safe return, and trusted, that in the future they would all woifk’ togetHer in uni son, as they-had always tlono'nn the past. Tho business, lie.stated 1 , .had ( beon very suc cessful in 4hcir employer's absence, and this ho attributed to 'the unfailing energy and attention of tlio general manager—Mr. J. Pi Christie—and MrrIt; Strode, "overseer, 'lifrl Sweeney replied,:-thankingithom hit for their good wishes ahd the - manner; in which tliey. had guarded his -interests during his absence. Tho-fcoast iof r.the -employes .was then-enthu siastically honored, and the vice-chairman gave; 11 Prosberity to the firm of Swoency and Co.’ - Ho dwelt upon the largo' amoiint.bf benefit 1 which-oeorued ' to' fin'd'district thfpVigh enterprise shell aa Mr, Sweeney’s in launeli ing’so much "capital in such ox tons! voiyoyks, and op behalf of his : friends eongratulpted the gifejft upon '’his safe'return and 'his im proved health, Ii'-Aftcr 'Mri Swcoiibjf'had' plied, “Tlio Iadio8 ,, 'and- “Tlio press” word toasted, and; spvorpl ; songs ; rendered by the - company. Mr. Sweeney, it will bo remcra bored' Idft Sandhurst' ‘in April hist/ his tour ho'-visited many - of: itho principal places of interest in England and Ireland.: lie rotnrhed'to Sandhurst “oh / Sioii‘dD^ ! 'dv6n-, : ing, looking halo arid hcarty lvis trip. ' j While in London’, he ihot Mn W. Fairclough, who was some time ago manager of the Bank of Victoria in Sandhurst, and who wished Tx) bo remembered to all his old Bendigo friends, with tho assurance that ho was enjoying splendid health;- ‘ Ho - alHo L’met Archdeacon MneCullagh, who also gave him a friendly commission to Bondigoniahs. Dnivkiwity .Extension/.Lbctokb. —The first of tho halfrCQurso of University exten sion lectures on “Ideal -States, ancient and modern," was delivered last evening in (ho [School of Mineq; lecture; hall, by tho Rev. Edward H, Sugdon, Master of Queen’s Col lege, Melbourne. There wore upwards of 3100 present, Thp chair was occupied by Dr. McGillivray. Thjar.suhjepb QF.tho lecture last ‘evening was “Tho Hollonio Ideal” as repre sented by “Pinto's Republic.” Tlio loeturep 'dealt with tho subject in an interesting and lucid manner, tho syllabub of tho Icoturo be ing—Hellas in the time of Plato; the.,Qo,nsli tutiomf of AUions nnd^Spftfta; Bo6mi £ in A thou s; Plato’s theory . of human nature; the three- fold soul; tho : ide'al ‘State; purpose Qf iji;i} description ; its evolution; its develop ment ; (be three-fold dlvison; producers; auxiliaries; guaydfans, with the, qualifica tions, education, a.Q<J : 4fsd pi»no:6f:iH6so'lost, Tho position of womon 'and the treatment of foroiguors'and slavos worO rkfepred ' tp; iho lecturer coneludiiig wllh' tbo' b'piiroxininw realisation of the ideal' under the. rule of philosophers. He tlien' criticised' the ideal Statp* of Plato; and pointed-r out Us weak points, end jn ‘rofercnco outlined q plan, for training uion upwards .to., a., lofty ideal,, liigher thqn the ; Tennyson. —- Our local - correspondent lyrilcs :—Subscriptions .towards --the building of the new public-hall are coining in freely, and theVdom'mittee hope to call ( for tedders ht the end of tho present hipiitlV. 1 . Tho haU.is U> b.C_oreetod on an allotment'of'Inridlldudly. given by Mr.’ P.' Soiorson, aridlnn a ivctyl ciantt'ai peSfiyeij, Jt will supplyaldong fe’JtP : want . -In <this coiiWlry ifoolcs well; and the' heavy show.6v.4 , f Hj6t foir oh' Sunday-will make’the grass : bj.’Q'w •nicely. /; . * ’■ '' ( TjJ5 Ration At ; iflrst meeting o£ tljo, Bendigo;* brappjk-jfwjll l>e hold' /tq-mbn'ow night at Q.qlolook* in the Beehive Exchange, A . provisional oommitte.o, 'df which"' D ( nr:H,ugh.3oyd;i8i.'ohoirman, - and 'Mossss. 'G. • ,D.iGutbr;o,> J. Illingworth, N; Lohgstrtff,. T. Morrow; Hi Y. North and 1 W, ! Wo1)b nro has, boon, apppirited/ Vand 'th'O organising seprotary (Mr. W.' P:; Hit'tlb)'' .Vo-' pprtq/tlmt the''moyomcrit''Il8/cbrdially steps' ■Mclbourhb.-andtbcaf iehtlo'/ y ; .«vj | Iiib Bau.abat BniaADES. —The members; of the local committee'.offtho^Ballarati-fird 1 ' , 6n Moffday.iTli * ' datno' fourteen nppliqations for the position Of< siiperi n ton Jon d ( Hvatebman: 1 '"! (tho 'Snporin ' tondoiit is to rceoivo a. fixed jsalayy oP£50 T pbr ariiflini/wlth £20 i -fof r atton3rhg.fires rand .the-, wktchmai) is to' r fe66i?6"£7S^t ; alnnti«ii:: Tho. 'injjmbers -of - H>e-if loortLcoinmittoe decided 1 fof \yr»to'/td the'b'oapd >in f Molbotinie; istating that thoy did jiqt at present consider adiTsahlbl: to] any,,- appointaaontSj Voa jthfl Soldiersl' Hiir fisljando?, M. ’brigaiJo’ - until ‘ ,/JCpB M oq the Parliamphtary/ eommittqOja|mqiatcd to inquire iD.to'lbb p^8ontfWtem J 6f' ;dotB toi one, for in Edition to‘ collecting 1 ' a large amount,, of ovtdonno tj)9 qjombort of the committee have porsohally D}a1|eo cl i<sav<iur\ U tioa(luring iiln>i«croBS:obuiitvV iriif of! 150 ibll«» J>oLwcuu D ini pool a aba 8iVrtn Hill.; Tim wArk' of taking :bvid|n<5o will hocoinpletod in Melbourne this j&oolii; and -it is {j^colba^lmt,..by end of mcxt wbclt the.opmmi tteo*wlJLKayd-coMmotcd its report for presentation tb' / PiU‘Hfttnoaw It seems very doubtful at preaotjt us to what decision the coinmiUeo will arrive at-with re *gard to the method" pursued' forBomC' time past of subdividing malice lands and privately disposing ofrthoir leasehold rights, but it is almost certain that some radical alterations in the Malice Lands Act artd Sts mrtdo'of ad miniHlrations will bo recommended. ! Makong Racks,—The Marong races lake place to day, and a good day’s sport should result, A lino programme has hern drawir up and a largo nuiuher of entries received, las - sung urn may travel to Marong by the IX, *30 a.in. <r'»iu, and return at0.30p.in. Tub Rocai&thic; Snow v wlll bo hold on the 22ml and 23rd September. Oyer £700 will bo given in prizes, and entries close on tho ; 10th inst. < Thoregi mental hand of thoZnd'Battnlion Victorian Rangers, of 22 performers will ploy during the show,- Lxcur-, Sion fares have .boon aorangod from all,^ta ‘^"fubmc'Meeting in connection with the Co-operative Distribution Society, was hbld last evening at the California Qnlly Me chanics* Institute. There was a fair attend ance. The Rev. A. Madsen presided, o,nd stated ho did so at tho request of tho bcc|*o lary (Mr. W. Hamilton;, Ho gave an ad dress on the benefits of co-operation,saying lie bcliovcd that eo-oporattion on true principle was the best system of supply. As far as ho know tho Distribution Society was conducted riuu. accordance with tho8u.pnnclplcs._Mr.., Hamilton gave some information with respect to the society. - Tlo 'stated that it laid neon established six months', ami had. flourishoJ, ho’Urithstandliig the many efforts to crush It. They had Blurred, by. turning, out 2400 loaves,, of bread bvory week, hut how tho output was 4070 every week, with good prospects of • a furtlior increase. Tho society was established purely fpy the bcnofit.of tho members, who simply paid £1 per share, and received their share of dll profits. /The bare expense of management was tho only cost. Ho observed that d fa man came amongst them and - : spout ><£2000 iii'a .hoot factory, he would bo)thought,, a great man, but aco-oncratiyo society was eonsidei’cd.-ipBjgniflcant In- thb oybs of'Gnnny. pcople. ■ It would bo much better for 2000 men.to subscribe £1 each to start a factor)' :and share in its profits, than.bo swallowcd-up by one person. (Applause.) Mr. John Coats gave an interesting address also on the subject. Ho mentioned that a co-operative society started 18 years lagB in the! North of England by a committee,' of whom be was one, had mot with great success, They ex perienced much difficulty in raising £46 in order to start tho concern, which included a grocery, drapery, etc., but its last balance sheet showed np annual turnover of £104,000, (Applause.)’; At th'c eonolusibn of the meet ing tho Chairman was Heartily thanked, and sovoyal promises of .Support given, A '"Peculiar Action to recover‘£408 is now proceeding in the' Melbourne Supremo Court before Mr.- Justice Hodges.--It -is brought by .Mr., Henry StccJ ..Shaw, assignee, of tho/ihsolVont'bslato of this Into Mr. J. F. Motteram, 'of Sandhurst, against ..Messrs. Barkly Hyolt pud < C. • A, aloUpram, i executors undcivtho, .will of Mr. Mbllcram, The assignee applies that £3000, , thp.. value of tlfo estate left by Mr. J.' P. Motteram’ bo. banded over, to him, tor the'benefit of -the creditors’ under the -Vinsolvency.. ‘‘A,;'cross (iction was also token by the executors against Messrs. Hopkins and Drought, the only; two creditors who proved; under tho and against Mr. Shaw, ; for ap .order by the court'.td # revest tho estate in tho executors if deemed- advisable by tho court Mr. Duffy and Mr. Power apppea»od -for- the ns8ignco r Mr, Tpvincifori tho executors,, and OMri. Box for Mr. 'Hopkins. 'According to the statomenls.of 4hp assignee, Mr. Mpttcram became insolvent in Slay, I8p8, and never;bjbl*incd his .certificate. Two prod itors—Mr, John • Hopkins, uolQii.torj of Melbourne, at £40& i and Mr. J. P.Droughty iof:Eohuea, at.£26; 10s, proved .their, t doblsj while now the. assignee claimed the estate in <ordor. to-pay them..- Tho defence to. this was that Mr.--‘Motteram compounded *.-with Mr.; Hopkins in 1868i whilst Mr.’ Drought had filed a statement that he had'no’ claim what ;ovor against the assignee, haviiigbconpaidby Mr. Motteram. A letter,wasfread from Mr.t Hopkins dated sis ' months after the inso!-; j oncy in 1868. , acknowledging’'' the " receipt o£.£20„and stating that the, balance . was! £280. It also-requested Mr. to pay. i.tho’;balunco..by 24 acceptances .ns, , verbally; arranged, endorsed by Mr. W, H. Rigby, who was then.Mr.Mottcram’s;managing clerk.! . It alko-threatened an attachment against :Mr, ■ Motteram to have him arrested: This attach-’ ‘mont Was-obtained ht the Instance of Mr.’ : Watsoni formerly a clerk of-Mr. Motteram’s,; 'but it did npt.issue. When Mr..’ Hyott- was j being examined' ho’ stated' that Mr.'" Rigby would npt.be called as lie .was Mr.Mottcraip’s! implacabto.oudiuy, and really, prime mover I in Ibo present proceedings. Judgment has! not yet been givcii., , Tipsv, Latest Explosive.—Thoro is ..(ro-, murks a aolonfcifio writer)' a grim trutluin .-the: logic that, jibe,best way .to preserve peace is; to bo prepared* ! for, war. Nevertheless, it Is melancholy to think of the scientific, genius, which is into warlike pursiiitsYand preparations. Hero,'for instance/is another new explosive invented. It has been termed ccrasile, and- its French etymology -signifies its,terrible, power, to efface men and vjpinep off ,tho face of the .earth. Its oxpldsivo power is stated to be .seven times that -of dyparuite, and it < is;-serviceable.-alike,,:foc - cannon iand cartridges. -j It twi H JJcaUso: i a ; bomb-sholI prac tically;-* to'demolish d- line' *df'500i>-men. It ought/ thorofore. to be' in , mill tkry cirdles, as . it would givp a chance of pro ipdtipni 1 V; '’;' " ■ v. ■ • A.FtooD VlCTlif.— of a young indji hanidfl Frederick KplW, drowned by’ the ug.sqltintt Ijpat. aL works .of the Bnirnsdivlo' IrrigaUdh ..Trust ai- Glorialadtilo nine weeksjigo, was fount! in a paddock at WyUhg on iSuiulayL i'Tho inquest was lluished yesterday morning. Tho body bad been brought dowh'by the recent flood/'and:;deft high.and,dry;where it;was found. The .prinr eipal meapa of identification AY03 ( a rdecipt fpc a regi stored letter ‘.deceased*/sent to, his mother a few day she fore liis death.'’ A ydrdict of ac 'oiccntally drow‘nod was returned.’ *Tho young rnivs a Volation of Constable Kelly, ''formerly: of Long Gully. •’ v 