THE MOTHER. Ill WILLIAM WILFllED CAMPBELL. r. It was April, hlossoffiinc sprint;, Tliey 'ui.riccl me vrheu the '.liu*.- (liilsia^; Karlli, in clammy w edgiu^ "arth. They banked my bed with a bla< k, <Ia-ip sjii til. Under the damp and under the mould, I kenned my breasts were clammy and cold. Out from the red beams, slanting and bright, 1 kenned my cheeks were sunken and white. I was a dream, and the world was a dream, And yet I kenned all things lhat seem. I was a dream, and the world was a dream, But you cannot bury a red sunbeam. For though in the under-grave's doom-night I lay all silent and staik and white, Yet over my head I seemed to know Tho murmurous moods of -wind and snow. The snows that wasted, the winds that blew, The rays tliat slanted, the clouds that drew The water ghosts np from lakes below. And the little flower-souls iu earth that grow. V'nder earth, in the grave's stark night, I felt tlie stars' and the moon's pale light. I felt the winds of ocean and land Tliat whispered the blossoms soft and bland. Though they had buried me dark and low My soul with the season's seemwl to grow. If. I was a bride in my sickness sure, I was a biide nine immtlis and more. From threes of p,iin they buried uie low, For dealli had finished a mother's woe. But under the sod, in tlie grave's dread doom, I dreamed of my baby in glimmer and gloom. I dreamed of iny babe, a?id I kenned that his rest Was broken in wailings on my dead breast-. I dreamed that a roseleaf hand did cling— Oh, you cannon bury a mother in spring. When tlie winds are suft n.nd the blossoms are red She could not sleep in her cold earth bed. I dreamed of my bii.be for a day and a night-, And tiion I rose in IHJ graveclothes white. I ruse like a flower from my damp earth bed To the world of sol-rowing overhead. Men would have called me a thing of harm, But dreams cf uiy babe made me rosy and warm. I felt my l>rea.»ts swell under my slinmd: No .stars sliune white, ro winds'were loud; Hut I stole liie past the graveyard wall, l-'cr the voice of my baby seeiiicd to call; Dush. baby, hush: for mother is come. I passed the streets to my husband's home; The chamber stairs in a dream I cloinb; I heard tlie sound of eicli sleeper's breath, Light waves that breik on the shores of death. I listened a snace at my chamber door, Then stole like a umon'ray over its floor. My babe was asleep on a stranger's arm. " Oh baby, my baby, the grave is so warm, TliouKbd.uk and so deep, for mother is there! O come with me from the pain and care! 0 come wiih me from the anguish of earth. Where the bed is banked w it.li a blossoming girth, Where tlie pillow is soft and (.lie rest is long. And mother will croon you a slumber song. A slumber song that will i-liarui your eyes To a sleep that never in earth song lies" The loves of earth your being can spare, But never the grave, for mother is there." 1 nestled him .soft to my throbbing breast, And stole mc back t<> my long long rest. And here 1 lie with him under the stars, Dead to earth, its peace and ita wars: Dead to its hates, its hopes, and its harms, So long aa he cradles up soft in my anns. And heaven may open its shimmering ilouis. Aud saints make miwic on pearly floors, Aud hell may yawji to its infinite sea, But they never can take my baby from me. For so much a part of my soul he hath grown That God doth know of it high on His throne. Aud here I lie with him under the flowers That sun-winds rock through the billowy hours, With the night airs that steal from the murmuring sea. Bringing sweet peace to my baby and me. — Ifnrptr. 