The Sionx Ghost Dancers. Bufliilo Bill had been ordered to the seat of tbe Indian trouble. Colonel Cody's destination is Nebraska. The State Militia is sniil to be roady at an hour's notice. In an interview Colonel Cody Slid: 'I shnll probably proccfif! 'Itreoiiy to J.luslmllo, Unrty-une miles from Pino Ridge. AVhcn do I expect the trouble tu bfgin ? Wi'll, it if-justlikoguassin^if giva-isis four inches longer tnan you would expect' it t-i be every night. As it is a time of the year when everything is against an outbreak, no ba'l Indian si ill re dlining a modicum nf snnse will go on to the war-path unless lie lias fo id for hia horse and him-olF. With tlie fanatical Sioux, who arc now ilnncing from sunset to sunrisp, it is different. They believe they are serving lh« Great Spirit. They believe they are celebrating the coming of tho Messiah. TllK-tK WILf, liRTItOUl(r-K unless the dances are stopped. What appears ominous t- me ia t''1 ,*i!u apread iulluence of the Messiah move ment. The Indians do no; telegraph and do not write letters, airl yet all the Western tribes, from the coast of the Mississippi, and from British Columbia to Arizonia, are dancing the Ghost Dance, and looking forward to tho coming of the Great Leader. They niu tiuiioc, juu, (him uetii Liiuir uuums until they aro fairly wild ; (hen go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the interference of tlio soldiers may precipitate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians, Sitting Bull is tho worst. Hock Bear and lied Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting Bull. These were with me. Sitting Bull will always be found wilh the dis turbing clement. If there is no disturbing element, he will Foment one. He is a dangerous Indian, and his conduct now rOHTEXDS TIIOUIH'K. Despatches to the JS'cw Xork World und the jUJomlug Journal state thai seven set tiers wore murdered by Indians nenr Libeau, a settlement iu South Dakota. A Herald special correspondent' says that the settlers nf Potter and Dalworlh countries in South Dakota, are fleeing for their lives. Pive hundred Indians are armed for war crossed the Missouri liivnr at the mouth of tho Grant ]iiver. No soldiers were near. If therefore the Indians mean lo massacre the settlers, the only chance they have is in flight, and their chance of escape iu that way is a poor one. Old Jled Cloud, who is disposed to be friendly to the whit.es, was thn leader of the Port Phil Kearney massacre. He has a son with Hie Gho.st Dancers, who is looking forward to a chance of winning his spurs. The \y.'.»b fighting blood of the Sioux and Cheyennes is represented among th? Dancers. THE filfOST DAXCE has seldom been witnessed by a white man, but an Ainericau paper do?cril-os one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who per suaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The dance began at dark, and, though the old squaws had care fully raked out the fires, a blaze iirisiijg from them now and thvn re riiaiuu unu muii ui'iu ≠ oijives were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, wilh the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point thero was a pause of about ton minutes, during which perfect silonce and absolute imobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands aud ki.elt down in the centre of the valley. They began chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by SAVAGEI/l' THIUMPIIAIfX YELLS. The warriors advanced, aud, joining in a larger circle behind tho oldsquaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came Ihe invocation to the dead braves to arise and extermate the white men. Tho women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in soino kind of pitch. Returning with these, they stole like shadows uuder the linked arms of the warriors, and passed through the circle like n, procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again. It, is said that tho danoo lasts till day light. That the war-paint of the braves means a deadly intention to the whites is unfortunately but too clear. Mr Procter, Secretary for War has, receivod news from Cheyenne River ;hat the Indians have abandoned the ghost dances, and have come in for rations. This is regarded as a most hopeful aign of, the abatement of tbe excitement. Great benefit is believed to have resulted from the employment of friendly Indians m scouts. Air. proctor has authorised General Miles to increase the number of Indian police in Dakota to 1200, with a payment of 13 dols par month, and the privilege of wearing tho array blouse nnd being in acknowleged connection with the United States Government. It is belioved that THESIS rNDUCE.UENTS fflUi PROVE TOO POWEKFUTi for the averago Indian to resist, and it is hoped and expected that tho 1,200 on rolled will ext.roise a peaceful influence through their family and tribal rela tions. The agent at Cooper has telegraphed to tho Indian Commissioner here Unit the turbulent brave3 are still restless, though the loyal Indians ave quiet and satisfied. On the other hand, a despatch from Port Sally, South Dakota says :— It is evident that the hostile Indians from the Grand River, Cheyenne, Rosebud and Pine Eidge agenoiea ace massing together- at Home poinf, where they will make a stand against the troops. General Brooke has learned from a Bqunw that bands of men are passing ho nth wards, well armei with Win chester rifles and ammunition and well-eqniped ponies. The Indians wero' uniformly insolent and reticent as to , their place of meeting. It is, h iwover 'reported that they will assemble at a heavily- wooded spot nn the Whito lliver, ton miles above its mouth, and south of Rick White. This 'place is a day's hard ride from Pinu Ri-.lg'i, and iioarly the samo distance t'-om Rise bud. An experienced scout who ha'! bnou «ent by the Governor of South Dakota tV invosii'.:ate tho trouble among tho1 Indians reports that a immoral uprising will probably soon taku place. One ^ of the (Juitud States j^oiu'rals, com- jjl mandiug at Fort .Russell, is said to ||| havo. oxpre33ed the o;iinio;i thnt. if |ra Ii jhting once began a hundred thou- ? ^ sand troops would be require 1 to sf co-npleto the conquest, but the result wo ill then bo the annihilation of (ill the tribe,-) implicated. 