MUNICIPAL DOGGEREL The elections now are ovor, Winners are gay as dogs, They could roll about in clover. And live in bran' now togs. Their joy, how groat it is, sir ! At having scored a win ; Nothing does but fizz, sir. For thoso who scramblo in. But the two that were defeated Are not at all disgraced, And thougli they're not yot seated. Thoy'ro not to be effaeod. They'd come again to-morrow And fight like plucky men ; They have no idle sorrow. Becauso they did'nt win. They know there must bo losers, As well as victors, too — That to-day the ones who'ro losers To-morrow '11 bo winners true. " Saddle," ho had a tusilo To regain tho placo ho held ; He fought with might and muscle — Gallantly he fought, and well. He loved the honour civic, Which was his for years eight ; He no'or was soporific, But wakeful for the Stato. I The gasworks ho advocatod. No advorso views did fear, And believes that he is fated To got water puro and clear. But ho mu3t ploiul tor economy, Seek to havo bocoro to spend ; Too much high gastronomy Loaves doctors much to mend. To outrun the old constable Is ill- advisod, indeed; So pull the reins two double. Keep thom very tight ; and heed Tho awful day of reek'ning, Which cometh soon or late, When all the past a bock'ning, Cannot keop you from j'our fate. Records of servicos rondorod, Will vanish like a ghost, 'Fore wrath of men offended, Ladon with two-bob impost. So melt the o'ordraft, " Saddle," Take good care of ovory rate. And you'll no'or bo mado skodaddle From your honourable tale. What shall I say'of " Medico ?" He fought nobly and well. I'll let you all a secret know, But promise notito tell : " If he come again he's certain A civic seat to gain. " So now I'll drop the curtain On Hume Ward—" Saddle's" une. In O'Brien Ward tlio contest Was also hardly fought ; But must it really be confessed, And must I now report. That the colt so big and sturdy. Though a novice at the game, Like a rattling hurdy-gurdy. Got in there just tho samo. The old hand was badly treated : He had done his duty well, And instead of being defeated, His success I ought to tell. But oft the most deserving In this woful, wickod world, Whilst the public rights conserving, With the flag of " Do" unfurl'd, Are inconsid'rately troatod vu By those who owe thom most, Av And contemptuously defeated When they first should pass the post. But bide your time, bravo Dyball, You'll come again, I trow. And make some wish they could recall Tho votos they kept from you. You wero an honest alderman, Who strove to do the right. And during the tlireo-year span You worked with main and might. My rhymo is noarly ended, I must bid you all adieu : If any I've offended, I will not ask a sue. I sometimes have a mania For versifying stuff, But never mean to pain yer : I think I've said enough. So again good-bye, you winners, You losers, ratepayers all ; The devil, king of sinners, Is waiting for my scrawl. — Civis. 