erinls anto ^Ijort Atones 'THE MYSTERY OK THE TYN HENRYS. M A H CHAFTKK It. tN CANNOT of ioiii',p tell how long ! •j I remained on the ground insen- j ** siUe ; hut when I lvc.vered I ! found myself in my own room at ( 1 :irch we Manor • the room in the enst. wing, which Mrs. Murtyn-llenvy had •given me, so as to he near her in eu.se she wanted anything. Oh, dear) l shall never forget that 1 coming to.' It was terriMe ! My mind and body both suH'ered, and when I was fully conscious [ wished myself insensible. ft seemed at first like a dream. Some crime had been committed. .By degrees all the circumstances of the case came into my mind, and J cried like a I uby to go home. 1 Take trie awuy ! take me away ! ' I said. 'Oh, Doctor Jolitle, let me go home!' ' You cannot go to-night,' he replied, 'and you will ft el better in the iinorning. An- you subject to fainting »fits 1' I shuddered. He remarked it, and looked serious. 'Are yon feverish 1 ?' he said. 'Let me see 1' Hum! Might be better. Lie quite still ; T will send you up a composing draught, When does Mrs. Jones return 1 ' ' Not for a week, I believe, sir,' 1 replied. The doctor turned to the housemaid and said in a low tone- but I heard hin\\- - '(Jet her back, or send for Mrs. Nursing. ft will be as well to have one or the other in attendance, in case Mis. Fainter is laid up. 1 will mention it to Mrs. Henry.' ' Very good, sir,' replied Fanny, an old servant of the Curdewes. ' But I dare say 1 can manage at a pinch.' So 1 remained. Mrs. Henry came to see me and questioned me concerning my fainting tit. 1 fenced her questions. I would not have her know what 1 suspected her husband of at that time for anything. She seemed quite bewildered and extremely anxious for me to tell. But I wouldn't. 'Did anything alarm you?' she asked. ' You surely do not. credit those, silly talus of the ghost in the shrubbery. Did you fancy that you saw something, Mrs. Farmer?' 1 It was no fancy, ma'am,' T said - ' no fancy at all- I DID see something; that f can declare with my last breath.' 'Very extraordinary,' she replied. ' Captain Henry is much surprised at your sudden illinss and is anxious you should Kioiip QUITK QUIKT,' she continued. ' I am sure you will, for my sake.' 1 made no answer, T could not wonder at Captain M artyn I lenrv wanting me to keep quite quiet. My silence was worth something to him. For 'Miss Gladys'* sake I thought 1 would and yet 1 was not justified in concealing a crime. ' You will remain here, I hope, for the present,' continued Mrs. Henry very kindly. She was evidently anxious concerning the captain. ' You really must remain ; mv husband will be quite angi y with me if T permit you to leave, THING ! and when he returns ' ' Then he has gone away V 1 faltered. ' Yes,' she went on ; he has gone ft way —on important business for a while.' She was crazing into the darkness, lfer back was towards me, so I could not, see h«r face But she sighed as she concluded, and I knew she was nervous and unhappy, as well she might be. Poor voung lady ! I sighed too, in sympathy, and she heard it. 'You will remain then V she went on. ' Somehow I had rather that you did. I have entire confidence in you, Lucy ' (she had never called me Lucy before, and it somehow startled me), ' and T am sure you will do as L wish, for all our ' sakes.' ' I will, ma'am,' 1 said. ' T promise you T will remain, and never say a word.' She smiled and said, ' As to that, you may do as you please. 1 will not, prevent, you. All F. a^k is that you will remain here as long as you possibly can. My husband wishes it as much as I do.' I promised. What could I do 1 The fearful secret must remain untold. What reason could the captain have for going away, unless the police ? Oh ! I was more and more alarmed. Suppose I were questioned and the captain arrested, what a fearful thing for our ' Miss Gladys.' who loved him through it all, while he was kind enough to all seeming. But men can be ANY- Next day T was not well. Doctor Joliffe said J was feverish and recommended me to remain in bed. I in- •quired for the captain. He had gone away to London and the Continent. ' Any news, Fanny 1' I asked that evening. 'There is something said ahout robbery,' replied Fannv, ' up at the Eltons' —the old lady vas found in a fit in her ehnir'— the thieves got in through th»' window, it is .-.aid.' My hands ask— brain was whirling. I put niv to my head, a'.d managed to " When did the robbery take place?' ' Yesterday morning,' replied Fanny '"Mere will be .a line to-do, for the police have been down on ' Black Jim,' who en me in late last evening, a d he is suspected. He was seen with another man, but all clue to him has been lost. Jim won't say a word. They will offer a reward I dare say.' ' Anyone killed, I asked, as white as sheet. ' No ; but the plate has disappeared. What's the matter ? Are you ill, Mrs. Farmer'( ' Tin afraid 1 am,' 1 said. ' Will you send for my husband and tell him? Doctor Jolilfu will come tomorrow, 1 dare say.' 'Sure to. to see Mrs. Henry,' replied Fanny. ' Keep quiet now ; I will make you comfortable,' J lay clown and tried to sleep that day, but rest was impossible. My brain was on fire. The promise I had made for poor Mrs. Henry's sake I must keep, and yet the dreadful secret, in addition to the feverish cold 1 had caught, was making me quite ill. All night I lay and puzzled over what I had heard, and imagined all kinds of things. Oh, that wretch the captain ! I DID feel for his poor wife, whom I had known before either of us were marriod. [TO LIK CONTINUKP.] 