A1ADTS LETTER FEOM l0HD0N. W, s" w LCLND0K- Snnr. 4. ,.C ure m IOW spirits. The weather does it, the weather and the accounts of the crops from the country. We ore are not sufficiently altruistic to find a source of exhilaration in the assurance, which greets us every day, that" everything American is going ahead," while wails from our own three kingdoms are served up with our breakfast morning after morning, and-lesser consideration tl\un the state of the country, indee.l w ' country, indeed, but still of some our private letters tell of "awful weather" everywhere, and the all-pervading disappointment of the summer pv oi tne summer (!) tourist 1 he condition of the crops is verv serious everywhere but what one especially grieve for is the injury to, if mt the ruin ofX small fruit industries, which were just Win ning to look up, and to justify the zeal Li persistence with which fruit- farming U been urged forward for some years past The destruction caused hy torrents of raiu and hurricanes of wind 1ms indeed been whole sale. A friend writes to me from Berkshire that his damson orchard is a swamp, in which the lmlf-ripe fruit lies in a rotting squash and the trees are mere forlorn skeletons. From all parts oi the country we hear disastrous tidings, and sad forebodings for the winter Disappointment has l>een the general lot of the tourists and holiday-folk also; the weather has not been good anywhere in Europe, and in the very choicest resorts of health niul pleasure seekers it has been ui03t unpropitious. Only n few months ago Carmen Sylva was the heroine of the hour. People were reading her "Life," and pretend ing to have read her poems, learning with interest that our Queen had presented the Iioumanian Corinnc with a set of Her Majesty's hooks, and had received in return a wonderful volume, printed on vellum, con taining the choicest productions of Carmen Sylva's muse. The lloyal romance-writer's sojourn in Wales and brief visit to Ireland | created a great (leal of interest; the popular I notion of her character was a pleasant'one. This is all changed for lnigger-r.iuggeri mystery, and disaster (not that the Queen of i Koumania is to be blamed except for silliness ; and accessibility to flatterers). J lor friend and favourite is represented as a eort of nine teenth" century Maivchale d'.Anore or Sarah Jennings ; .the palace, of which we have had such glowing descriptions as an abode of domestic happiness, intellectual culture, and poetic sentiment, is the sernc of vulfar intrigue and unmannerly quarrel; and the poor Queen is, if any faith is to he placed in the reports of her state, dying. It is a melan choly ending to a story in which a great deal was genuinely interesting, and it adds auotlier instance to the long list of ltoy.il misfortunes of bite years. These have followed each other quickly, from the suicide of King Louis of ISavaria, and the suicide of the Crown Prince of Austria, to the premature death of King Leopold's nephew and heir, and the painful decline of the honoured and blame less life of Doni Pedro, ex- Emperor of Brazil. One new thing I hove to record ; it is (he appearance of Mr. Christie Murray in the double capacity of dramatist and actor. This '"event" was regarded with interest ''hy those who were there and those who v;ere not," and it cainc off last week with much success. Mr. Christie Murray made his lirst serious impression as a novelist by JoW' h n Coat, a story of remarkable power and-in terest; Imt lie had previously achieved a success, less legitimate, but erpially unde niable, by his merciless castigation of a(T'' known journalist in the person of the Mr. Amelia" of his novel called first SuK/n'ar. ITe has not since done any thing so remarkable as either the former pr the 1 latter feat, but he occupies u good position I among our novelists, ami he is likely, I tnins, to take a better one as n dramasist and actor. - His play, " Ned's Chum," is a good l"lny, although he has not yet mastered the difficulty of the diflcrence between tel in" >i story and showing it m so completely as no dount he \\\i' > and he plays theleadingpnrt in "tsurprisnUj well. Uetter judges than 1 nm think the stage has gained a valuable reuu it & Christie Murray. Neds chum, charming child, plnycd1 by an ex raorimnnlj clever little fellow of 10 years old, MM»edU» Hvrne. Intelligence, ease, self-possession, humour, gracPj these are all no this child 3acting; of ins f"turi-f pheno doubt; hie ability is not of the Infant mei Princess Theatre is to me « ou Jnfl)Cse cident. I am glad to Jind changeddays there are still^a I con appreciate the wit and «®'Se8l benuty and hannlesscharni of the ond most toudmif!ofKhan*j9 a clever Irish plays. Mr. ^«M »>»»;? ^ell, very actor, and he plays Dion well for those who do not reran,(ig lioucicault's inooniparabje f "J^Votcitlier own delightful concert?, but, Iv>oi ^ laugh or cry with huV; ^ » medie of his- it is only because 1 question, ever-asked and "e),eT .. jjjss Terriss, "Ofl epnt lesneiges <1 autm:i. 1{Ujy. plays a nice-looking, well-dril^d j >g but as Amih, M«. »ou«fu! <flKf a nOti0n. f she has not the beg ini o ot fiirlg an Irish ^girl's,accent, or »» play jnennt SotkmolcltlMSf^^ih Mr. M«'#tdr Gomptonrcareef Jj a begins; cveiyon| w» es^ deservc . wife 8»<^?-ll,fyr (ifKUch renown as, "11'® To start with a ploy °*6" (1 iea(]ing r ?RMfe looked tor, «»>" , Ge0,.ge Fox, new opera by ofJ ° L founded on Bulwtes Crystal % will be Played fi«tMi -n fa title km with a brand-new sogra whiBpered ?«'?»# whosenamehas not^ tifui storyolJ ed reach my eare. ^ewa^ i{ the 00?%, mftKe n of jKfjfteW» -T T7i7to be hoped that Mr. idenl heroine. "'s | « ji0 ! ho! for the Si will give ! ^ br' to wlu<:li the gladiators merry ? ,w'h and nlso the blind girl a S»t W,,V1C1u'iA Beam Love J the B°»s- Jjiu "u their respective expression, jiose, vllllf .l.isopew is ft very happy one, The id<* of tins Fj effect with strong in fer it crb - X,tt uiietch of it which I (crest. K is eSe.it that to Diomeds have a "iucli leas prominent part dnuBhter.-Tu '«."1 than iu the novel. isaSs^edmtheoi^ ^ ^ to It nPP£a,Vi »at the Lyceum, and that the " Hcn,": ^ he very gorgeous and accurate, revival is t/f'^Vto one's mind Mr. ]t is ^ c('iwi\nn| "Wolsey, yet I remember Irvinfi 0!j.^ n little man, looking euffi Ciiark'S Iveini,. t|ie "reat Cardinal, and eientlv .waj.efs1 i,ns J10t tlie balk which tra jfr. Irving, if>icl . b ,. churchman, haa dition nssl5" ti,!f dress "-ill suit him. kiss stature, nnd the mt|ietic Queen Katherine, Terry will »v ke a Patlieuc v ,mt Mrs. Sildons's magnifi "lnid, 111 discoveries of 'important "T),e various' Stratford which PilkSSu>a the public during the last few ],aVi h^ve resulted in nothing but disap yeare have icsui . tlie Bcene is pointmen^ ^ ]jtt'|c -svai-wicicshire village of .t! nil.! where, as we announced yesfcer '' nf Sli-ik^peare manuscripts, but of a &suenre; cupboard. .This, interesting article of furniture, which, in strict ac Ivivrhnce with precedents, hus a pedigree up 0 ti c Joint at which it ends in conjecture, L st tea to bear the inscription made with /leaded copper nails, '1585 Ju»e- J tit I mwed it. Mav, 158(3. I nailed Te [ carved' it.-AVn.UAM Shakspeabe.' Then follows the interesting record Apnl 23. Mom 15(U.' It was not till some paint and '[-k,a,l were removed that these words were revealed. Shakspeare's paterna an cestors, as we all know, dwelt at Smtteriield. Tlie most perplexing feature of the case is , t' at the poet, who never troubled himself to claim (lie nuthor.sl.ip of his immortal plays, should have been so careful to forestal anj future controversy as to who repaired that cupboard." Tlie association between Shaksneare and 1 ord liacon is so obvious that I do not feel invself "desultory and disjoint" in passing oil to the mention of a visit which I recently made to the actual house occupied by the .teat Chancellor, in Gray's Inn Square. This historic house, now divided into sets of chambers, is No. 1 in the square, and Lord Bacon's very ow n room, that in which we mav be sure much of his wisdom was evolved niida great deal of his villainy was prepared for perpetration, is the private room of Mr. l'hilip Witham, an eminent solicitor. On first entering it I observed that a number of the names oil the deed boxes piled from floor to ceilin? are those of persons whose ancestors had been " clients" in more senses than one of " mighty Ycrulani." To read them off was to recite a roll-call of shadows of the Elizabethan time. Hut the beauty of that historic room, which the ir repressible American tourists have dis covered ami explore eagerly, especially the ljelievcrs in Miss Delia liacon and Mr. Ignatius Donnelly-the way in which it seizes upon one, conveying a delightful sense ofliarmoiiiousproportion.tiidcolourbeforeone has time to recognise from what that impres sion is derived! And then one sees that the tall windows are set in deep cases of carved oak panelling, that the walls are cased with the same from the oak floor which liaeon and also all those ghosts one has just summoned up have trodden, to the marvellously cut frieze that joins the ceiiing, and might have been put there yesterday, for the sharpness of it, only that the soft rich delicious colour is the tribute of time to the carver's art. Panels, borders, surbases, doors, gills, recesses, in all and everywhere the finest lines, the most harmonious pro portions, a certain stuteliness and repose which Wend with the outside, with the flagged court, the green geometrically-dis posed formal square, with its broad white walks and its solemn ancient trees, and tlie looker}', which is the pride of the place. And the chimney-piece, where no doubt liacon tisowncd" the logs that warmed mm, with curious cmne-neeked tongs long . K"petbe way of all old iron, what a wonder it is, with its mellowed marble veined like a r'V its swelling curves as soft as atiiiMs cheek, and its edges sharp enough to cut your lingers on, surmounted to tue a» overmantel, one of the finest Tl'l mirv n rmlll?S ttibbons's carving. ? USiTCrl!' thrown out "upon a is a winm W1?8 .e desir'n of u,e wall panels, mid w un<1 garden poem. Branches fomw »» KraSSCS. " berries- fruits anfl tit e fri d pt £r°U iJ mto, sheaves falling on t at ctfrnotl -®?e,Jls. tifd over the top with Knot of nVf '"""'.toble " True lever's crilkled L ll^18,' '-v',th >,t8 looped and amid tlih? ? la\ isli ends flowing down Si'""W of the living gathered that no uVZ -are 80 Perfectly detached is lost sn 18 c°nfused, not a .detail skill tiiA i ^ wonders by what marie i« tST 01 WfT '"eEX Wautifni colour ,vitw it .oolou!t ^ brownness in ^t' nwi something of nnt ail<l yet a tone timt io ®oniet^1"1e of russet, the panels ? on! Perfect harmony wltli the artisf ri;,i »^unot but ije sony that touch of t1i«p"h Bee -,s viork witli just this exceeding ljeam}'?"1688111® handJai(i »Pon its to see the brmiH j } °. "aeon's room and staircaseof thn *riec0iatl0,V?' >e hall contrast U alnLS Club. for tlie lu^e the ab«ie oM««»f^ a"d gold frieze,1 cruoualy smart learuinS incon-! ^oncd'thS^cS-1 remember thaitl men andis0.ussed it keeps'hfseS® °f the Pr^3- The 