THE WILD WTEST WIND. The gale that l' burs.) upon us early in the week was gg buret ing with the character .of,. the mon October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical great storm -the gale that overthrew the first Eddystone lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British war ships at their moorings-was late on in November. But it was in October, four years later, that Sir Cloudaoley Shovel's squadron was lost among the rooks of Soilly. The fatal gale that drove the Royal Charter ashore on the coast of Anglesea was in October, while the tem. pestnous weather of this week is almost exactly on the anniversary of the great storms of '1877 and 1881. The landscape will wear quite a different look when these stormy days are past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air there is a very rain of falling leaves. The woodland paths are strewn with the tattered draperies of ash and elm, of beech and sycamore. Every gust that tosses the white poplar scatters new flakes of silver on the ,?'ae, wilo Pcrlonvl o£ psm oa r arwhirlod like flames across the murky sky. In the open spaces of the wood, \- theleaves dead Are driven, like ghosts from an nchanter flceng. Overhead rattle the dismantled boughs. The great trees bend to the fury of the storth. How the haughty forest brothero Sitnd and tremble --how they fallt u otw they cling an one another's Arma !-each crashes each and smnfthers, Till, tangled, strangled. down come all; Ad the wild winds through the rain Ace howling, hissing, and hallooing. With redoubled fury the tide comes roaring up the beach. Over outlying rocks thunder the great surges, and when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef \- the wild winds lift it in their grasp, And hold it up, and shaleit like a fleece. The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent, follows the windings of the shore, grows with each flow ing tide. For When descends on the Atlantic The gigantio Stormawind of the esainoe. Landward in hiswrath he scourges The toiling surges Laden with reaweed from the roses. And floating aloely in among the drifting seen oa. or heeled up high and dry upon toe shingle, broken spare, all scarred and splintered with battering on the rocks, tell all too plainly \- of wrecks upon the main. Of ships dismasted tlhat were bailed, And sent no answer back :hgain. Too often, alas! the ebbing tide leaves yet sadder jetsam on the shore-white, still figures, lying faee down upon the yelsw sand; to be lifted reverently, perhaps, but yet by strange hands, and oommitted with brief rites to the corner of the ancient grave yard round "the little grey church on the windy hill," where the low, green, nameless ridges are the sole memorials of lost mari ners. On these wild nights, when we lie awake and listen to the storm: when it howls about the gables and shakes the windows in their frames; when, above the rush of the rain, we hear Ever wilder, fiercer, grander, Like the trumpets of Lskander, All the uoia y chimneys blow; let us bestow more than a mere passing thought of pity on the thousands of poor souls who "toil far us, bleed for us, hunger and sorrow and sin for us," afloat upon the wild North Sea. On these nights, it may be, many a brave ship is driving through the black impenetrable darkness; dismantled, dismasted, helpless, boneless, drifting to her doom. These are nights when it is well to think of the gallant lifeboatcrews" that face unflino?hingly the angry waves. 