A MAN AND HIS OBJECT. THE «GENERAL ” AND THE ARMY. , (Br a Campfollowek.) HOWEVER trying might have been the receptions accorded the exponent of the gospel when they appeared some twelve or *5"tee“ years ago in the garb of the Hallelujah Band, under the banner of blood and fire; and however ridicnlons it might have seemed at the time that men and women should lay themselves open to such persecutions by parading the streets in such fantastic raiment, and indulging in all manner of wild, unaccustomed manatnvres and music; and going to the utmost of extremes in order to attract, and pre sumably save, the multitudes from the wrath to come, certain it is that they now proudly lay claim to the credit of making themselves a living power; and that at this time, instead of being hounded from Btreet to street, they are welcomed by most, if not all, oommon- senso people wherever the good work leads them. The newspapers, daily and weekly for the last month, have made allusions in some way or other to the arrival of the founder and head of the great organisation, and the name of William Booth for the past week has been in everybody’s mouth. His landing on Satur day, although taking place at a late hour, was attended by such crowds aud en thusiasm outbursts of welcome, that it put all class of distinction aside, for none of the welcomes accorded to any of our Sovereign’s representatives to this colony have been half so full of real goodwill. And only a few years ago the hero of the hour was a _ struggling local preacher of the Methodist Free Church in London. Perse cution after all is only a test of sincerity. And wherein does the greatness of this man lie?—In his originality and powers of organisation. Carlyle says that “ every man is not only a learner, but a doer; he learns with the mind given him what has been, but with the same miud he discovers further; he invents and devises somewhat of his own. Absolutely without originality there is no map. No man whatever believes or can believe exactly what bis grandfather be lieved ; he enlarges somewhat, by fresh discovery, his view of the universe, and consequently his theorem of the universe.” Aud when we read the columns that have been devoted to the character study of 41 General ” Booth, and more particularly of his especial charge (the Salvation Army), and hear the multitudinous criticisms of the work thereof, .wc can’t but see the truth of the philosopher’s words, and that the “General” possesses in a remarkable degree thiB originality. He has been termed among the thousand and one appelations the George Fox of the nineteenth century ; and while his work has some relation to that of the great reformer of the seventeenth century, he himself is much more impressed, as he tells us, with his kinship to John Wesley of the eighteenth. It is not, however, .in the matter of church reform and its extension to the masses that William Booth pourtrays his originality. Fox Baw that the neglect of the poor in his time was a disgrace to Christendom; so did Wesley in his ; and although beneficial results were obtained from the selfdenial of each, they were in both cases only shortlived. The broad scheme of the redemption of the submerged tenth was left for Booth to formulate; and the fruit of his labor is now being recognised in all parts of the world. And what the Salvatiou Army will bo a century hence, who will attempt to prog nosticate ? Will it crystalise on the founder’s demise, as Methodism did ? or will it swell to the millenium?—a problem that will remain unsolved. "General’’Booth’s traits of originality, discovered so readily to the phrenologist, in the large, prominent fea ture, his large nose and ample mouth, with wide cheek bone and Btrong look, char acterise him, however, not so much in the rescue work itself, the feeding of the hungry and the clothing of the naked ; as Jin the Army itself, its organisation and its mili tarism. The magic of the word, used incidentally at first, “caught on,” and proved the entire success of the great man’s undertaking. Ths gradual drafting from the British Army regulations of the miuor military details into the religious and philautrophic work only fol lowed as a matter of coursfi. To this same originality can he traced the employment of females in rescue work. As leaders and workers in this particular sphere, women’s tact and foresight are invaluable, and has led to the furtherance of the army work in general, due in a great measure to the untiring efforts of the fate Mrs Booth, who has been affectionately termed the mother of the army. Both she and her husband wero filled with love for the fallen, and both longed for means to help them. He devised, she perfected; and the work has grown to suah an extent that, as the “ General " told us the other night, their utmost expecta tions have been realised. To those of us who wore patient enough to wait until a late hour, the arrival of the procession at the Exhibition, the appearance of the “ General” on the dais, accompanied with all the spectacular effect and the emotional practices of the army soldiers, most assuredly left a vivid and lasting impression. Crowds had assembled long before the advertised time of beginning, and the wailing was wearisome. Most of the “ shining lights ’’ were away at the excursion, and no doubt enjoyed them selves at that hour. Baud, drummer and all were somewhere down by the Sugar Works. However, everything comes to him who waits, as it came to us—or rather some of it did—when shortly after eight we were greeted with the appearance of the Rev. Geo. Grubb, who, fresh from his vigorous onslaughts down at Geelong, looked the pic ture of cheerfulness He instilled a little of it into the watchers by exhorting them in a humorous pithy address, although the “General ” had not yet come, to rejoice ever more. At half-past nine the excursionists trooped in and tilled up all the Bpare room that was to be found, the bands taking their places in the orchestra. It was ten to the hour when the G.O.M. appeared, and the uproar was tremendous. The braying of the instruments, clapping of hands, cheering, and shouting, accompanied with real Chau tauquan salutes, was lond and prolonged, and, as the dailies put it, the scene was one j of intense excitement; although the old man looked as unconcerned as possible, as he was do doubt used to that sort of thing. I thought at once of Punch's cartoon of last week, which by the way was good, but not altogether correct in detail. Young Aust ralia does worship men, in this colony at any rate, and if he does not beBtow his gratitude and unbounded admiration upon religions or other great expounders, on special occa sions, he does at least once a week shower it upon the hero that punts the winning goal; while the fact that he swears by Donald Wallace’s Carbine is proverbial. But I. noticed that any undue lavish display of fer vour and loyalty to himself was discounten anced ; when the “General ” got up to speak and pleaded with his men to beep in closer touch with the Great General of all mankind. He is tall, rather, with slightly rounded shoulders, with long grey hair and beard, with restless eyes, and of course that nose that we have heard so much about. The proceedings opened with a chorus, ths burden of which is— ” Grace there is my overy debt to pay, Blood to wash my overylsin away, Power to keep me epotloss day by day, For me; for me.” This was sung heartily to the baud accom paniment, and is, we were told by “ Com missioner” Coombs, the “General’s’ favorite hymn. The cheering was resumed as the •’General” stepped to tho front and addressed himself to—“ Brother officers, comradeB, Christian friends, and friends of all descrip tions, and I suppose there are friends that I have, whom it would it would be very diffi cult to describe at all”—the longest “Mr i chairman, ladies and geatlemen” I have heard yet, His style of address is vigorous, ; remarkably earnest, and at times eloquent. He is most fortunato in a store of wit, which stands him in good stead in his persuasive arguments. He is homely and well spoken ; i and, as his friend and biographer Bays of him :—“ There is in him a good deal of the ! samo fibre that there was in Abraham i Lincoln. Both wero tall spare men, who . loved a joke, and who yet wore called of God r to Btaod in tho tread of a grave crisis, which [ was no jesting matter.” There were many things, ho said, in ths colonies, that required 1 his countenance and special advice. The . great social scheme was going to be a greater r thing than he had dreamed of, and to help to r carry out this scheme ho wanted Che help of such red-hot Salvationists and red-hot reli 2 gioDists as ever launched in any Noah’s ark. t He loved his people, and, of all people, them f the best. He admitted that they had among y the ranks some black sheep, adding face t tiously—’• And haven’t you ? ” He believed 3 that God was willing to pour out the Holy s Ghost on modern peeplot arwell as on the . people of the bid dayd. And lie said—" Yoo can’t be too hot on the subject of salvation, for there are plenty of icebergs round about you to keep you at a moderate temperature,” Speaking of his soldiers as fishers of men ho said—“ Yon must catch fish, some sort of fish, shnrks are generally the best. Try all sorts of bait, if maggots won’t do, try worms, or cheese, or bread ; perhaps you want a new line, or perhaps—(amid great laughter)—you will have to go down and hook ’em on ; but you must catch them somehow.” He only intended speaking very briefly, but it was fully hatf- an-hour before he resumed his seat, amid cheers that again and again rose in the building. The biggest house was on Tuesday, when the "General" expounded his scheme ns set forth in 11 Darkest England and the Way Out.” The speaker pleaded that as that was his seventh meeting since his arrival, he was not quite up to form, which was evident, although his husktness wore off as he pro ceeded. As a speaker, he quite eclipsed all previous efforts, and if nothing else, was wonderfully Bincere in his earnestness. As usual, he kept his hearers, who were com posed to a great extent of the working classes, in a perfect state of humour, varied by his passionate appeals on behalf of fallen humanity. “I pnt them down”, he said, "at 3000000 souls, far below the actual num ber. Take if you will, one million away, that leaves two, or say take two million away, leaving one ; what are you going to do with them. Did you ever try to count a million ? Well go homo and do so; aud you will find it will take j ou about three dayB and a half. Just remember that each of these units represents a soul to be rescued from sin and misery.” The “General ” spoke for two hours, and was cheered to the echo on taking his seat, shouts of “Halleojah,” "Glory be to God,” etc., mingling freely from those of the ( army adherents. 