LQEDON TABLE TALK. [From on; Special Correspondent ] London. March 21. 1891. The London and Paris telephone has been successfully l»ld, and on April 2 will be thrown open to the public. The charge foruslDg the wire three minutes has been fixed at 8s. Ib is reckoned a clear enunclator can easily talk 300 words in that time. This message telegraphed would cost £2 10s. Nevertheless the Tarm is coHBiaerea a ear. une can, it teems,- talk from Paris to Brussels for five minutes for 3 francs, or from Paris to Marseilles for a similar period for 4 francs 50 cents. By mntnal arrangement between the lawyers the Gordon* Cummlngelander case will be taken before Whitsuntide. The defendants plead (1) that the libel was never published, and (2) justification. Should Sir WiHUm fall to prove publica tion the case will break down ab initio atd his last state be considerably worse than his first. A regimental enquiry would then be inevitable and Imperative. This would please the Wilsons and his Royal Highness far better than the ordeal of cross examination by Sir E. Clarke and Mr. GUI. The more one learns concerning the rough and ready administration of justice by Judge Lynch at New Orleans last Saturday the more justification there ap pears for it. Even that personification of strict propriety the Times can find ample excuses for the outburst of lawlessness. One of its representatives has interviewed a gentleman actively engaged in business for many years in the southern capital. He said— ' The Italian question In New Orleans is quite as serious as the Chinese question on the Pacific Coast ever was or as the Hungarian question in the mining districts of Pennsylvania. These men would be welcome enough if they were governed by any decent code of law or morals which rule society. The Mafia, which exercises a terrorising influence over the reputable part of the community, is vastly more potent than the influence exercised by the law in Louisiana over the ruffianly class There is In this case no question of race or caste or of a revolt of one faction against another. Upright honorable business men were actually in the mob and heartily in sympathy with it. I do not defend each outbreaks any more than I defend a decent man who, after a long provocation, loses his temper and knocks down a blackmailer or shoots a thief. In either case the man is reprehensible for breach of the peace ; but there are some wrong things that we cannot utterly con- demn men for doing. The Mafia Italians are the most degraded wretches that come to America. The majority of them get their living by crime, while those who follow a respectable trade get rid of competition by holding out threats of murder against their rivals. Every time that a member of the Mafia is tried for crime one or more of the jury men selected to try him receive warning, written and sealed from the Mafia Society, terrorising them into a refusal to convict, The result is that the jury disagree. The criminal law it like a lottery, and If you try to enforce it, handicapped by the Mafia, you have got a hard task. The j ary who tried these Sicilians were probably more terrorised than bribed. What are you going to do when a secret society in your midst is corrupting trade and morals and even the administration of justice, and to attain its ends does not stop at the most heinous crimes? The best people in New Orleans sometimes find their patience strained beyond endarance and take the law into their own hands. Look at the character of the men heading Saturday's mob. They were not ruffians, but good citizens. Look at the time they took to do the job ; they did not skulk under the cover of the night and did not even disguise themselves. They believed their work to be right, and struck the blow openly in broad daylight.' I see that Mr. Parkerson, the energetic citizen who led the mob on Saturday, was not 24 hours older before he received a notification from the Mafia that his life should pay forfeit and his family be poisoned. If anything were to occur to this brave man or any of his little ones I should hope the city would rise and drive every Italian, whether innocent or guilty, out of the place. Imagine if you can what would happen even in holy Adelaide if a Chinese ' Mafia' with which the autho rities proved wholly unequal to coping sprang up. It would be odd if a single Chinaman were left in your city In a year. At the end of last week the managers of the gambling establishment at Monte Carlo were for the first time for many years seriously uneasy. Occasional heavy losses they have of course known, but never such a long continued run against the bank as is now occurring. The lossea of the establishment at trente et-quarante 1a b'x days were over .£20,000. JXeedless to say the croupiers were constantly changed and Lthe cards used carefally scrutinised by experts beforehand. The successful players, now of course followed by the public, aver they have at laBt dis covered a system which will work. The management suspect they scarcely know what. Tears ago something of this sort happened at the roulette table. A party of unknown English Jews broke the back backlog certain numbers. The wheel wss microscopically examined and it turned out that some of the partitions had with Infinite skill been imperceptibly widened and others narrowed. This of course greatly Improved the chances of certain numbers. The management kept Its own counsel and quietly changed the wheel. As a consequence the wily Hebrews lost back to the bank a large lump of their winnings ere they discovered the attempt to correct fortune had been foccd out. Cards are the only machinery need for trente tt quarante, and these the management make themselves. The marriage of Lord Hartlngbon to the Duchesa of Manchester will take place In April or May next, which will be rather more than a year from the date of his grace's death. Ihe dncheBB intends to retain her present title till the marqulfl succeeds his venerable father as Dake of Devonshire. She will then, of course, be known as duchess of that Ilk. Sir Charles Dllke continues stonily In different to the flood of words that good, that much too good, man Stead continues to pour forth upon his head. The latest move of the editor of the Review of Re views has been the Issue of a leaflet in which he Invites the public to ' assist in preventing the return to the House of Commons of a man who, if the verdict In the Divorce Court be correct, ought by his own admission to be In the House of Correction.' I do nob under estimate Mr. Stead's Inflaence, and I have little doubt that In this one- sided struggle with Sir Charles he will prevail. Never tbeleeB It 1b a cruel shame such malignant persecution should continue. If one could hope tbat when the day of Dllke'a com plete vindication dawns — as I firmly believe It will— Mr. Stead would feel in the Broallest degree abased or ashamed of himself lb would be some consolation. Unfortunately one knows that It Is not In the least likely. After the Llpskl fiasco, when moat editors would have felt utterly crushed, Mr. Steadate dirt in the cheeriest way, quite Indeed as though it were his UBual diet. What can you do with sneb. a man? The feature of the March Review of Re liens is Mrs. Besant's character sketch of the late Mr. Bradlaugh. It d«als with the portion of this truly great man's life which the present generation knows least about, hla early straggles In the caase of freethought and the gospel of Malthas. The reasons which deliberately ltd Mr. Bradlaugh and Mrs. Besant to republish and assert the legality of the notorious Knowlton pamphlet, *' The Fru'.ts of Philosophy,' are veiy clearly explained. They neither of them liked the tone of the broefmre, and they knew {ho etroggle would cost them dear. Mr, Bradlaugh believed (this was in 1877) he was sacrificing his seat for Northampton in espousing' aaoh a cause, *' but (Mrs. Besant writes) the cry of the poor was in our ears, and we could not permit the discussion of the popula tion question fn Its one practical aspects to be crashed. We did not like the pamph let, but to atop it was to stop all.' Ulti mately when the long long struggle ended In the allies vindicating the legality of the ' Fraits of Philosophy' It was withdrawn from Bale, and Mrs Besanfa herself wrote a leaflet which contained the same traoha and Information unobjectlonably put. 'So,' the says, 'ended a terrible struggle in which Indeed we Buffered bit terly, and were foaled by every Insalfa that profligates could formulate, bat la which we gave the poor knowledge that has raised thousands out of direst poverty, and saved thousands of poor men's wives from despair ' The sketch, which no one fibould miss, ends with a fine panegyric. Here are the last lines : — ' Without faith In God, but full of love to man, Charles Bradlaugh led a pure and noble life, and be has won the only sorb of Immortality his strong soul craved — the memory of honest service falthfally wrought, loyally rendered — deathless memory In a world msda nobler by his living, richer bj his sacrifices, poorer by his death.' ' Tourmalin's Time Cheques' Is another of Mr. F. Ansbey's wildly whimsical ex travagances. Fancy a passenger travelling homeward on a P. & O. Bfieamer. who finds time hang heavy on his hands, suddenly faced, by the business-like 'manager of the Anglo-Ausbrallan Joint Stock Time Bank.' This peraonBge offers to bauk the hours which Mr. Peter Tourmalin finds drag so, and to return them to him with Interest later on In periods of 15 minutes each. For this purpose he presents Peter with a book of time cheques, which will, he BEBures him, be cashed by any respec table clock on being slipped behind It. The voyage now ends, and In a week or two Peter, back in Ec gland, marries the lady of bia choice. Daring a dull half hoar of the honeymoon the bridegroom longs for a whiff of sea air and cashes a 15-mln. time- cheque. He is Instantly transported back to the P. & O. steamer, where he makes a startling discovery. The cheques are evidently nob consecutive. Peter has, he finds, drawn a 15 minutes quite at the end of the voyage, and he hasn't the ghost of a notion what has gone before. Moreover the unfortunate man 1b seated by a charming girl, whose life he has In Borne mysterious manner, judging from her conversation, saved, and to whom, judging from her alarmingly afft ctloiate manner it seems only too probable he, a married man, Is engaged. Ihe 15 minutes elapse ere Tourmalin can disentangle the situation, and the next time- cheque he cashes proves to be a quarter of an hour quite at the be ginning of the voyage. Again Peter happens to be seated by Mies Tyrell, but when he addresses her in the affec tionate terms of their last interview she tells him she hardly knows him, and Is confounded by his impertinence. Now, I think I have told you enough to ensure your spending a shilling on 'Toar- malln's Time Cheques.' Mr Bertie Mlbford'a 'Romance of the Cape Frontier,' which was well reviewed when It first appeared in .three volumes, has been reprinted at 2s. (3d. It has somehow leaked oat ab the clubs that Jerome K. Jerome, wishing to make Rudyard Kipling's acquaintance, wrote to the Anglo-Indian saying, prac tically, he thought hvo each genlasss ought to know one another, &«., or (as Arthur Roberts sings) 'words to that effect.' He fatally mlaanderstood bis man. Kipling put the letter in the waste paper basket. I should think he was the laBt fellow In the world to stomach miser able staff like ' Told After Sapper.' ' ThePhlladefpTilau,' by that ' Admir able Orlchton,' Mr. Louts J. Jennings, M P., is neither a p-li steal nor an American novel, bat a very ordinary specimen of Mr. Mudle'a waree, containing a blgamoos marriage, a mysterious murder, several forgeries, and a ea'clde The motive which Inspires the marder will at oecb be condemned by the reader as wholly Inadequate. Moreover, moBb of the characters are very old friends. Still 'The Philadelphlan' la tolerably well written on the whole. 'The Light That Failed,' rewritten and considerably enlarged, is 'quite another story,' the moat Important change being in the finale. Maleie does nob now give blind Dick Heldar her love. On the contrary she shows herself an absolutely consistent heartless little minx coming from Paris to raise his hopes and pity him, and then dashing off la a distracted manner when he shows her the tamed 'Melancholia.' Moreover the girl never visits him again. Having art fully led the departing war correspondents to believe he is about to be happily mauled Dick finds himself lefb alone to the care of an Ignorant lodging house keeper. The picture of the awful soli tude and misery of the blind man struck down in the fall flash of his saccess is one of the most powerful things Kipling has done. Dick grows careless, dirty, and slovenly even till he meets Besale again, ard she out of sheer contemptuous pity takes him In hand. Suddenly the poor fellow is seized with a wild longing to join hia friends in the Sondan. How he does bo would take too long to tell. Suffice It to say he arrives just in time for a battle. The shooting has begun when Torpenhow finds him. ' ' Get down, man ! Get down ba hied the camel 1' ( No, pub me, I pray, in the forefront of the battle.' Dick raked his hand to pub his sun helmet straight, bub miscalculating the distance knocked it off. Torpenhow saw that his hair was gray on the temples, and that his face was the face of an old man. * Come down, you damned fool ; Dickie, come off.' And Dick came obediently, but as a trae falls, pltchlDg sideways from Blsharen's saddle at Torpenhow's feeb. His lack had held to the last, even to the crowning mercy of a kindly ballet through his head. Tornenhow knelt under the lee of the camel with Dick's body in his arms.' Mr. Kipling has obviously paid little attention to critical strictures on his ten dency to coarseness. The newly Inter polated chapter vlll. will make even ardent admirers 'squirm.' Nevertheless, the book as a whole has been Improved. Jerome's unlucky ' Woodbarrow Farm' was taken off at tbe Vaudeville on Saturday last, and on Wednesday an American piece called ' Diamond Deane' replaced lb. I have nob eeen this yet, but I understand the heroine's character la modelled on that of oar valaed mabaal acquaintance Mrs. Gordon Baillle The new farcical comedy which Mr. Ralph Lnmley, author of ' Annt Jack,' has written for hlfj mother-in-law, Mrs. Jno. Wood, did not altogether please the audience at the Court Theatre last Satur day evening. The first act of 'The Volcano,' as It Is called, .went ex tremely well, bat the Becand fell n»t, and in the third the humor became so pair, fully attenuated that when tbe curtain finally fell sundry determined hifiBeB mingled with the friendly crlea of ?* author.' The Idea of ' The Volcano,' a newspaper owned secretly by the Dake of Donoway, Is to satirise the 'new journalism.*' Mr. Arthur Cecil enacts a mischievous old peer who revels In writing malicious ' pars' about his friends In this precious publication, bat 'sqatrms' horribly when libellous gossip about him self somehow creeps In. Mrs. Jno. Wood Is an energetic ' Amnrrlcan' widow, jour nalist, and Interviewer, and Mr. Weedon GrosBmlbh a vacaoos lordliag The piece will not ran long. This evening will eee the prodactlon of BronBon Howard's mining play 'The Henrietta' at the Avenue Theatre. It was a saccess in Sew York, bat that by no means certainly ensures success here. Miss Geialdine Ulmar, who hag m»ds the melodious 'Olgale.' sueh a success, will on Monday espouse one of the composers of that work (and the musical director of the Lyrlo Theatre), Iran CarylL The wedding takes place at S&. George's, Hanover -square, and la sura to be a very smart affair. Both parbles ate great favorites with the profession. The performance of Ibsen's ' Ghosts' at the Royalty last Friday was even to admirers of the pornographic prophet deadly dull. We went to wonder and to blush, and remained to yawn. Same slept peacefully through Mrs. Aveling's plain-spoken diatribes and the wails of the diseased young man ; others giggled. These last excited the wrath of worship- pera of the Norwegian Shakespeare. ' Some people would laugh at anything,' angrily observed a virgin in spectacles, ' Quite right ; we ought to be blushing,' retorted the titterer. Mr. D'Oyley Carte has secured.for £500 down and £10 each time the opera is played In LondoD, the English rights of 'Elaine,' by M. Bemberg, which has oreated a regular farore In France. Ib willBDCceed 'Iranboe,' which has now Eettled down to moderately good business at the magnificent new house in Cam bridge Clrcas. Daring his two months' tenancy of the Globe Tfceabre Mr. Norman Forbaa lost £10,000. Banning a theatre when things don'b pay Is expensive. With the Carholme a foot deep In snow as latterly aB Thursday last It was scarcely expected there would be flit racing ab Lincoln on Monday. The snow, however, disappeared as quickly as ib came down, atd when thab dear old friend of the sporting 'liner,' the 'historic saddling bell,' rang In the new season the racing army had assembled In full force, and everything was aB It should be. The enquiries which the stewards of the Jockey Club have Instituted Into the rela tions between certain fashionable jockeys and professional backers last season have ended very badly for both parties. Amongst the former still without licenses are Rlckaby, Calder, and the brothers Tommy and Sam Loates. They may, of course, gat them yet, but the delay looks ominous. Tommy Loates was earning at least £8,000 a year without betting. One race particularly enquired Into by the stewards was the match between Lady Wharles and Ragl tnunde, at Manchester, last November. Calder rode the mare, who was considered a certainty, 4 to 1 being freely laid on her winning. Strange to say a certain pro fessional backer selected this crisis to field, and took 800 to 200 Raglmunde. He happened to be a friend of Calder's, and when Lady Wharles was badly beaten (tis lengths) It pleased some of the ring to be satirical. Mr. Lowbher overheard these remarks and demanded the backer's betting - books for the whole season. The Jockey Club stewards are of coarse all powerful over English racecourses. Neither backer nor layer dare raf ase to produce his betting books if called on. To decline would be to court 'warning off.' Mr. Lowther can put a racing 'two-and-two' together aa well aa moat people, and with the books of certain layers and certain backers, and a racing calend ar before him, he formed conclaslona likely to result in drastic cleansing measures. More will be known in a week or two. Meanwhile, as I've Bald, a number of jockeys remain unlicensed to ride, and a clique of professional backers are being cloeely watched and may be ' warned off' for life any day. Others have been cautioned. The 'green jacked and plutn cap' of that worthy Bportsman Mr, Ablngton were to the fore In the Lincoln Trial Stakes, the first flab race of 1891, the arch deceiver Quartos (ridden by Fred Barrett) over turning an odds on chance in Mr. Sanden Bon's M. MacGregor. Mr. Ablngbon also won the great race (the Nor b tier n Welter) wioh Despot, and Colonel North's horses showed In form. Besides running two seconds the nitrate king carried off a Selling Plabe with Adela (by Necro mancer). Th« chief event of bhe day was the Batthyany Plate, of 500 sovs , a five foriong sprint, which usually falls to some exceptionally speedy animal. This year Mr. Ablngton'a King of Diamonds, and Mr. Combe's Maxim, and Mr, Cunning ham's Morebattle were most fancied in a field of 13, the Dake of Portland's party backing Charm (3 years, 6 sb. 4 lb ) on the strength of a trial In which the filly ran away from a lot of two-year-olds. Last year Charm (by Sb. Simon oab of Tact) was supposed to be smart, aud started a good favorite for the Brocklesby Stakes, but neither then nor afterwards did Bhe justify her private reputation. On Monday old Sb. Symphorlen got off with the lead, but soon had to give away to Charm, who brought the field along a tare pace. Nearlng home Colonel North's Athol Lass (aged, 7sb.4 lb.) on the right and Morebattle on the left made a despe rate effort to reach the dnke's filly, bat neither coald quite reach her, . and the bearer of the popular black jacket and white sleeves eventually won by a lengbh from the nitrate klog's representative, with Mr. Cunningham's old horse third. Betting— 15 to 2 against Charm, 10 to 1 Athol Lbbb, and 7 to 1 Morabattle. Since The Bard, Semolina, and Dono van commenced their winning careers in the BrockleBby Stokes its importance as a two-year-old straggle has much increased, acd Intending competitors are now closely looked over. There was a capital field last Tuesday, and on the strength of Charm's Batthyany Stakes victory Katharine II , the two year-old which figured besb in the abovementloned trial, was well supported. This nice looking daughter of Sb. Simon and Marnlnn won by a head on the post after a good race with Mr. W. J. Legh's Butterscotch (by Kendal— SweetneBB) and Mr. Wallace's Cedula (by Sterling— America). Fourteen ran. Betting— 5 to 2 the winner, 100 to 6 Butterscotch, and 100 to 7 Cedula. Twenty-one rannera started for the Lincolnshire Handicap on Wednesday, the favorites being Mr. Ablngton'a Yostlg (4 yrs., 8 st. 1 lb), Colonel North's Nun thorpe(5 yra., 8 at.), and Prince Sony toff's Lord George (3 yrs., 8 st.). The first named led to the distance, where hB compounded and Lord George took up the running with Nanthorpe and last year's winner, The Rejected (aged, 9 sb. 7 lb. ), as Immediate attendants and the outsiders Seraphlne II (3 yrs , 6 at 2 lb ) and Detective cloBing up. Lord George really had the race in hand from this point. He quickly took the measure of Nanthorpe, and striding to the fcoat won in a canter by three lengths. Seraphlne II. overhauled Colonel North's horse in the laBt few strides and beab him half a length for second place Detecblve was fourth and The Rejected fifth. Betting— 10 to 1 Lord George, 33 to 1 Seraphlne, and 13 to 2 Nan thorp a. Prince Soltykoff throws in for a good stake, and the B P. are mostly winners. Nanthorpe came with a rattle in the betting ab the last, the north party back* Ing it heavily both to win and for a place. Tostig was one of trainer Morton's ♦' certe,' and would no doubt have won at seven farlongs. He looked like sailing home by many lengths when he com pounded. In the Lincoln Plate, for two-year olds, a nice-looking filly of Lord Danraven's called Mockery (by Robert the Devil— Surprise) beat seven others rather easily, and the Welbeck Piabe, which la the only other race ab Lincoln I need mention, fell to Colonel North by aid of Old Cola (by Miser— Margery), a much Improved animal. 