Current gUtes. It is to be regretted that before reflecting . on Sir Thomas M'Hwraith for the peculiar interpretation he put upon the word 'honest,' Mr. Morehead and others did not indulge in a little philological research. Sir Thomas him self might have done so with advantage. A reference to Jamieeon'e 'Dictionary of the Scottish Language ' shows that ' Honest ' is used as synonymous with 'honourable, be coming ;** 'respectable and commodious; as opposed to what is paltry and inconvenient' 'HonesUie,' ' honestUke,' and 'honesty' are all used in the sense of implying respecta bility, honour, and decency. Samples of their use in that sense are given. Burns certainly did not mean mere respectability when he spoke of 'an boneat man being the noblest work of God ;' and perhaps Sir Thomas M'llwraith would not care about any deroga tion from the dignity of the word as used in the couplet : ' Aold Ayr, wham ne'er a toon surnames, For honest men and bounie Usses.' Still he uses the word frequently in what may be taken as a modified sense. Shakespeare makes frequent employment of the term. Cthello dwells upon it in his reference to ' honest Iago,' and his 'exceeding honesty.' Hainlet speaks of the vision as M an honest ghost.' In ?* Much Ado About Nothing ' we have Benedick exclaiming to Claudio, ' Do you question me, as an honest man should do, ' for my simple true judgment.' Shakespeare uses a great many words only to be found now in Lowland Scotch ; and the expression occurring in the above passage seems to be the colloquialism Sir Thomas M'llwraith referred to. A Southern contemporary notes as a sign of the advent of the spring racing season the occurrence of crimes, the perpetrators of which are iu want of ready money. In the crash on the grand btaiid atCaubSeld, io the excitement following G'Xaroo's victory one man lost £28; and another, a miner, under similar circum slauces, an cqiuil sum. Honsebreakiug and robliery are also methods of raising the wind resorted to. But in foUowing these men some timesact rather incautiously. ThiBwaBthecaer in Melbourne the other evening, when th* commenced operations at a tobacconist's &h; The tobacconistJB wife and son were alp and arming themselves with revolvers inter- ? h viewed the burglars. One of the Utter when ' o challenged, pat his hand towards his pocket, a whereupon the sou shot him through the arm, ti and subdued him. His mate attempted flight, t! bat the woman covered bun -nith her pi«ol, o and bailed him op tail the police came. It I v, would abaostaeemss if old times were coining back again upon die city of the South, when breanns are common, and women wield them. Perhaps it will have a good effect, however, if a few night-prowlers are polished off with putols. They can dodge the police, but a loaded firearm, in the hands of a woman even, is not to be trifled with. Heroism manifests itself in many ways, bat is always admirable. An illustration of this Appears in the narrative of a steamboat colli sion, attended with fatal consequences, which took place en the river Foyle, two miles from Londonderry, on die 10th of September. Mr. Graeme Hooter, of Glasgow, an agent of the Stripping Federation, had taken about a couple of dozen free labourers out in a launch for a ran down the river. He was sitting in the stern with his daughters on his knees, a man was standing by the fennel playing an accor dion, when the little craft collided with a steamer. In an instant almost the boat sank, and her occupants wene etruggling in tbe water. Haiiding his little girls to men whom he knew could ewim, Mr. Hunter seized two sinking men, and though clutched by the legs by another, he managed to sustain them till all were drawn into a boat. Of the men who bad care of tbe girie only one reached the shore; the other perished with his charge. Hie one who did reach laud narrates that when be came to the surface, after being sacked down in the swirl of the piiA^Tw In\iw4i nun were BfcnuEglinc Around trim/Two he bad to knock ofiVbut another shouted ' Keep back men ; don't yon see he has got a girL' They let him alone, and he swam to the beach — the UtUe girl clinging to him— 4iii-i reached it totally exhausted. ? Then we think heroism in another form may be recogiiBed in a manifesto issued on the occasion by a body of quay labourers. Mr, Hunter had been uxstro mental in patting an end to a strike at Deny, by transporting thither a hundred and fifty free labourers. When the details of the sad calamity were published the Londonderry q daymen met, and passed the following resolution :—' We tbe members of tbe St. Colnmba Quay labourers' Society, hasten to express oar deep regret at the calamitous fatality which has fallen on the '**?' of the free labour body, and we furthermore offer our sympathy to the relatives of those who have lost their lives so untimely. We also sincerely tender our condolence to Mr. Graeme W*wter on the sad fate of his fhfld We desire to add that, although Mr. Graeme Hunter and his men came, as we believe, to interfere with oar legitimate rights as Labourers, we, as men, wish to show that we are not lacking in manly sorrow for a visita tion on fellow human beings, although differing from us in workmen1* interests so much.' Everyone must admire the spirit and feeling of this resolution. Let us hope the coodttct of these Londonderry qnaymen will find many imitators. *' Gentry w is » word with which we have not become familiar in the colonies. It is an epithet not likely to be regarded with ranch respect in democratic communities. Indeed, as the distinction of a class, it is more likely to be held in -disfavour. In many twintlR un pleasant memories may be associated with it, for the gentry in the old countries have claimed precedence and position their chatacteristics and capabilities did not entitle them to. Readers of history know how much the domineering conduct of the nobility con tributed to bring about the French revolution. Hie idea of the formation of any such class in in this colony, we feel assured, would be repugnant to the feelings of the balk of the people. We were somewhat as tonished therefore when we noticed in the Thtots an article on *' Colonial Gentry.' From it we learn that Sir Bernard Burke, the author of books on the Peerage, &c;, of the United Kingdom, has been making op a list of members cf old families, who bare become located in the colonies. Among the first entries in it, for instance, is one in reference to Sir James Lee Steere, the Speaker of tbe Legislative Council of Western Australia, who belongs to a family which has held land in Surrey without inter ruption since the time of the Conquest — for about eight hundred years. Other records are of a similar character. The book is of antiquarian and genealogical interest, and will be prized perhaps by those whose names appear in it. That fact, it most be noticed, testifies to the lasting powers, in mind and body, of the family. It does so. however, only when the owner of the name is found in a good social position. When that is not the case, and the wearer of a great name is found keeping a door in an insurance office, herding sheep, fossicking among alluvial gold diggers, or acting as a buli&rd; marker, then references to the book of Colonial Gentry bad better be omitted. Tbe nnmber of untitled per sons who have won eminence in the colonies but confirms Burns* remark — 'The man's the man for a1 that.' Headers of the sensational story ' Cssar's Column,' a notice of which appeared in our columns recently, wQl remember the impor- ; tant part air-ships are made to play in the contest between the oligarchy and proletariat. ' The Poet Laureate was the first to pat the idea into prominence when he spoke of a ghastly dew, ' Dropping from tfac airy nation*, Gnppling in the heavenly tie*: ' Practical attempts to realise the fancies of the poet and romancist arc being made in the United States. Model air-ships have been exhibited both in Revr York and St. Louis. French mechanists and inventors arc confident of the ultimate success of their devices, and M. taxim, of terrible gunfame, is busy near London ompOing a great high-flyer. He is spending great deal of thought, labour, and about ten housand pounds sterling upon it. Same of bese machines, let us hope, in tbe interests f peace, though framed for war purposes, nil be successful. What a splendid thing it f31 be for us when we can have an aerial MKtsl service. With vehicles such as Dventors aim at constructing, available to an nternational Postal Union, we might soon iftve weekly communications established ?etween tbe capitals oF all the great nations f the earth. Such a service would be of tnmeuse benefit to Australia. Think of the iiange it would introduce ! Instead of umbering coaches crawling over the try ana dusty plains, or stuck up »y the gluey condition of. blacksoil l&to; : mail-men sweating on their long rides, -r camped in misery between swollen creeks, re should have the air-ships, freighted with otters and papers, 'plunging through the ihunderstorm,' dropping down with thiir nail bags duly, bringing us letters and news rom all parts of oar island continent. The [ear is, however, that by the time these daily liry mall carriers are ready for service, the powers of the telephone will have increased to mch a pitch that instead of writing letters to friends we will go down bo tbe office and have i talk with them ! 