THE RED CRIPPLE. A TALE OF THE MIDNIGHT EXPRESS. BY CHbARLES BRADLEY. Author of " The Belgrave Case." [All rigJLhts strictly reserved by the Author.1 CHAPTER VII. A CROSS-EXAMINATIOI AND A CLUE. MRs. SInMER'S expression alarms me. I look at her aghast. What tragic tale is she about to unfold ? She shudders dismally, and'places her hand? upon her heart. Is she about to recount the history of an un discovered crime ? From her.mysteri *ous manner I should be led to imagine so. "Alas; poor Simon !" she begins. " How came it that he did not die a natural death ?" I enquire. "It haplened thisway. He was on a job' t Bury's Brewery at Greenheys, and you know how them` brewers are for a-soaking you with, liquor, and Simon hadn't the heart never to say he'd hada 'renough; -and he got quite nervouis like, he 'wa;sso'full. He al ways said he could see like a man with three eyes when' he was, up .to the .spout, as he called it. Drink always made Simon very inquisitive, and, 'foolish like, he would go explod inglike, as.they call it." "Exploring, madam, I presume you mean." "Perhaps I do mean that. Any how, Simon got in the place where the vats are, and, foolish like, he would go too near, and the vats were full up to the neck with new brewed four X, and Simon 'somehow .or oth6r got drawn in head foremost. The smell must have overpowered him, and as he ,was so full' of beer 'he was too heavy ,to rise, and he couldn't swim very well, so he was drowned; and they actually sold the liquor' he was drowned in to the gualrdians for the' paupers' of Greenheys." , "It uiist have been i~ fearful blow for you, madam, youri':husband being extinguished in such a fashion, Drink is, indeed, a curse." "It is not the drink,l its the drunkards," she retorts. " But beer is so very filling. " . She.is still holding closely on to the bridge of my nose in order to balance my spectacles. " Madam," I say,' "I should like to be able to sneeze, with your permis sion.' " Then you'd better give me back my specs." " Certainly, with pleasure; they are at your service." "Perhaps you had better take a good look at me before I pull "em away, being' as you're so short sighted,"' she says with a touch of nervousness. She pretends to be in a kind of pal pitation whilst I am gazing at her for a' few seconds. "There's one thuing about me," she observes... "I'm: all genuine." ' So I should imagine." " There's no make up, about me; but there's a lot of nerves." "And so perfect:, too," I remark, admiringly. 'tAhl! .perfect ! My mother said I was the most perfect cherub that ever smuiled." '! Trouble lhas changed 'you some what." I suggest. " Made me mellow, so they say." "Ali, yes. Time. mellows all things." "You are very mellow, too," she observes, reclaimruing her splectacles and affixing them upon her own nose. She looks at me for anl instant, her coun tenance changing half a dozen times during the scrutiny. " What a living likenoess'to Simon; just as he looked before they fastened up lthe coffin:" She sighs heavily. "'A dead likeness, you mean." I say. 'She begins to weep, and the tears roll down her 'dlcheeks in a stream, ? n'l drip, drip, drip upon my coat. I am in 'afair way of becoming wet through now. Heaven alone knows the num ber of tears that are contained in such a manunoth bosom. 'They rain upon me so fast and heavy that .I begin to be alarmed, and I plead beseechingly for her to stop, to consider, to 'be brave, to take heart, and finally I be gin tobe severe. I become angry. "Madam,". I. am compelled to say, "don't make a fool of yourself." '...Instantly-the rain ceases. "Who are you?" she exclaims fiercely. "A fool, eh! I'm a fool am I, because I'm a widow and shed tears over the dead." "I am very sorry you are a widow, madam, but you can't:draw the. dead to you by weeping." "I can't draw the dead. "'Who wants to draw the dead. It's the living I want to d'c~iv." "I see, but you'll frighten the living away if you show such pas sions." "I am a real wonian, I am, andl when I do a thing I do it. If I cry I cry, and if I laugh Ila'ug1." I hope she doesn't laugh whilst I am near her. "If I hato; ha i you never saw the likes of such hate. But if I love." Here she tries to look sweet and affectionate. "If I only love," she continues, with ineffable tenderness. " You couldni't imagine how my heart swells and palpitates." I can imagine and I dread the ex perience. "Oh! how I can love, if he is good to me." If he is good to me ? Who can she mean? I nmust change thlie subject. I re-peruse the black bordered card she has given to me. ."No 133 Little Ducie-street, Har purhey," I read aloud. " That's it," she responds. "Somewhere near the spot of* the Harpurhey murder, eh ?" "Murder !" she shudders. "Oh, lor I don't talk of murder." Her red face positively grows white. "Don't be afraid, madam." "Afraid ! I'm afraid of nothing but ghosts. Oh, lor! Them-I can't stand at all." "Spirits," I suggest, producing my flask.. "A.h!," In a twinkling she is herself again, smiling beautifully. "Nothing like spirits for raising spirits," I remark, handing her the flask. "It depends upon the quality," she replies. "But bad spirits .make bad ,spirits." She piours,out a good measure of the brandy. "I hope it is not too neat for you," I remark, noticing that she is sniffing it as if trying t6 test:.the quality be fore imbibing. S.".I'was just seeingif :I could smell the water. Water is not the proper thing with brandy." " Not. enough body, eh ?" "Not for a strong person." 'She takes a big draught. "Ah," smacking her lips. "That will melt the icicles." She seems .to have relished 'it. I hope she is now in a thoroughly good humour. I am holding the cap, that screws on the flask, in my hand, awaiting the return of the brandy. The chill has got into my bones, and I want a drain of something warm to chase it away. Without. a word, but still smacking her lips, she coolly takes the cap from my hand and screws it on the flask, placing the flask afterwards where she has concealed her purse, in her bosom. I start indignantly at her audacity. She does not seem to notice it in the least. :All she does afterwards, by way of acknowledg ment, is to smile and smack her lips. I am undecided what to do in the matter. I will demand it back. She 'notices .that' I am looking angry and suddenly waxes fierce. She is ready for me; unless I wish to make a scene, it will be the wisest -to subside and say nothing. How a man named Simon, ' of: whatever ilk, managed to exist with such a termna gant long enough to be drowned, is a most complicated conundrum to limy mind. He must have been like the pieman's customer of old, very simple and docile. ' - I will pursue the subject of ghosts that has been dropped for, spirits; she seemed to be frightened 'of them be fore. ' Has, the biandy armed her against the terror ? " We were talking of, ghosts; madam;" I say. Again she becomes pale. "Of the Harpurheymurder," I con 'tinue. "?It happened somewhere near your house, I believe." "If you want me to be happy, don't' mention that murder,"''she replies, shaking with fear.''. "But did it take pla:e near your house ?" I ask her. "No; 'about half a mile away." "Half a mile is nothing to a ghost." I tell her this to keep her in subjec tion. "It doesn't take a ghost long to travel half a mile." " If it isn't lame;'" she 'shudders. "What ghost. are you talking, of?. Ah! If you don't want to bury me- don't.". ". But you must answer me," I say, somewhlat imperatively. . " Oh! I must answeryou. I mus?." She begins to get fiei-c again. " When did you see the ghost last"' I ask. ' I must keep. her at a low templera ture. Every time I say ghost she shidders. " ,saw it last night," she replies. Her gums rattle with-fear. "How 'was it dressed ? " "Like he was dressed the niglht beforei he was killed." . '"Then yoi&:know Arthuir Den ham?" ' "I don't know any Dnhamrat all," she answers, shivering.. "' The man who was killed was named Denham." "That was at Slhewsbury," she exclaims. "No, it was at Hairpurhey." Does sie remember something of the Shrewsbury case ? Perhaps through having- read the papers. Why does she speak of it ? "I didn'tknow his name iWits Don Iam, the' man who killed lhimself at Harpurhey. I only knew it was Arthur something." "Why, can't you read?" I ask. " Not much.' "But didn't' you hear wihat the people said about it ?" ' I was taken veiry bad at the time, and I didn't go out much.'" "But you saw the man thlie night befoire he was killed." "IERow do you knowv?" she de nian'ds. ' "Didn't you say-that :the glost was dressed last rnight like he was on thi night before the murder ? " i I don't know. ' Oh! if you love me, don't 'ask me anything. I'm only a widow, and my nerves 'are one too many for mie when I get excited." She is trembling violently. "Did he come to your'I house the night before he. was murdered?" I enquire. S"Yes, at least I think lhe did. I don't know' properly. I-" " You saw him." "Yes, I saw him." "WVhat did he come to your house "To see a gentleman; one of my lodgers." " How many lodgers had you at the time ?" " Only one ! " I am managing to keep her in a state of fear. " What was he like ?" I ask. "He was a cripple; had a big shoulder and a little '"un, and walked rather lame." - "' Dark or fair ?" " Red. Red eyelashes, red mous tache and red hair, and a little red hairs on his chin. But his eyes, they were very dark." "Dark eyes; yes. How was he dressed?" " Shabby like.' Light tweeds and a soft billycock. He always had a thin cane in his hands, and a little dog tied to a piece of string when he went out. But he didn't go out much; only at nights." "How long did he lodge with you ?" "Just over a fortnight." She is -now acceptihg my cross examination as a matter of course. - "Do you know where he came from ?" I ask. "He said from near Shrewsbury. He talked like one who knew Shrews bury .very well." "'' Did' you find out his business ?" "In the Directory line, he said he was.'" "Why did Denham come to see him?" I begin to murmer the word ghost, and she relapses. " I do not remember you telling me about the papers.'.' "Then I told the other gentleman." "What other gentleman ?" " Somebody I know. What's that to you?" " What other gentleman ?" "It's clean gone out of my head !" "Why did Denham 'come to see your boarder ?" "I told you for some papers, and because they'd known each other in Shrewsbury. So my lodger said."' " What was your lodger's name ?" " Ah! that's what I don't know." " You don't mean' to tell me that you took- in a lodger and you didn't learn his name," I exclaim, with mock horror. " If I did, what's that to you ?"- she retorts warmly. " It has a great deal to do with the ghost, I daresay." She is again submissive. What a talisman the word ghost is. '.' Oh !" She begins. t6. giuigle aind to roll. her eyes. " Hadn't you better have. another drain of brandy ?'. I am apprehensive lest she should faint. I am afraid I have carried the ghost trick too. far. "Take another; it may ease you," I tell her. SShe is groaning awfully. The ;brandy brings back some of - the colour to her nose and chin.; she is again partly herself anld able to pro ceed. " And now;" I say, as she is care t'filly replacing the flask in her'bosolis, " what was your lodger's name'?'' "You don't frighten it out of-me," she replies, with a knowing shake of her head: " "Perhaps the ghost may,', soime night." "If I don't know it, I cin't toll it, can I?" "That depends on yjoui memory," I reply. . " My memory's bad, very bad." " So was the murder." "How could it be a' murder when lie took one of my knives to, do it with himself. It was justifiable suicide, I call it." "Youri knife !" :I start. "'Yes, -one of my-, best• It was slharp on both sides and had an ivori handle. Poor Simon's name was stamped on the handle. It was a keepsake from. his step-mother.": Here is bewilderment indeed. I am so surprised: tlhalt' for a moment I cannot question. her. - At length I ask " Where is the knife now ?" " The ghost has it, I exlec'," she replies, timidly. , : -. " Where did you.put yourself whiilst the coroner's examination was on ?" "'Where did.I put myself~? In bed, of course." "All the time in bed," I askl. "Ididn't leave it for over a fort night." - "'Why didn't you?" "Because I was bad," she replies. " Bad."- - - -" Ill. What other way could I be bad?" - " What was your illness ?" : "Pining after Simon.'" Slo heaves a mournful sigh and a stray tear rolls 'lown herface, and lodges on hei chin. In spite of the interest I feel in my new discovery, I am compelled to bitd my lips to keep back the smiles. " Won't you tell me thle name of the man who lodged -with you -at the time of the murder ?" I ask. - "How can I when he never had a lett~er .addresscd to him ?" . " Didn't yo0 ask him his name ?' "-No:. I didn't.?' ' "-How was that ?" . "I was :told not to be iiiquisitive.'" " Who told you not to be inquisi tive ?" I enquire. "Mr. Marion." !' Marion! . oh! Did Mrh Marion inti'oduce him to you ?" .. " Of course he did," she replies, with a good deal of complacency.: "Who is Mr.: Marion? " I ask, winking at her, as if to insinuate I know. - .. .... " A gentleman who paid his board, and didn't eat on the premises." " What wais he ? " "He was a gentleman, I told you before." "' Tall ?" I enquire eniutiously. "Y es." "Dark?" I have to rep question. "Dark ?" "Yes, he was dark." " Black eyes ?" "Yes, that used to shine sometimes like coals of fire." "How long did he lodge with you ?" 'I venture to ask. " Two days. Here, don't you think you've' got eniough for your money." "Two days! That was not long." I observe, not heeding her enquiry. " He paid for a week." " Where did he come from ?" " From London/" she answers, with impatience. " How did he manage to find out your establishment ?" "You're a nice sort of gentleman, arn't you? to take advantage of a widow's weak nerves." " How did he find out your estab lishment ?" I repeat. "Because I'm a sort of famous." "Did he bring'no reconnnendation, no letters of. introduction to you?" " Do you think I takes boarders without an introduction ?" " I shouldn't wonder." " You shouldn't wonder ?" she ex claims fiercely. Her temper is again rising "'- take gentlemen boarders without a recommendation !" "You took my spirit flask." " You it guy to me." She retorts, snappishly. "Not to keep altogether, merely to use," I reply. "And ain't I using it ? I should rather think I was." She takes another sip of the brandy. "I presume you are;, and if you will answer my questions I won't ask you to return it, that is, not until you have exhaused it.'" I tell her. "What do you want to know," she asks, wiping her lips with her sleeve, and rolling her eyes. "I want to know who introduced Mr. Marion'to 'you." 81 Se did." "L ho's ser ?" " "My daughter.. The only child left to me."' This must be the daughter she spoke of in her dream; the one with a brute for a husband. " Your married daiughter ?" "Yes," sighing. "She did get married, poor dear." "It was an unfortunate marriage, then ?" ' I Warned her against him before she ran away." In a tone of melancholy. " What !;She ran away from you ?" "4" In the middle of the night, and took avay ' with her all my. hard .earned savings; but I've forgiven her 'that!" " What is her name ?" I enquire. "Susanah, like her mother's." "But the other name? Her hus 'band's surname ?" "Htarlowe ! -t-ar-1-o-w-C. " Harlowe ! Was lihe a gardener? '" "How do you know?" she asks in surprise. . . "Did he live at Shrewsbury once upon a tinie?" " "How do you know?' ' "w'Vas he once charged with having murdered somebody ?: " " He never murdered anybody in all his life,;though he did lift the warm ing pan at poor Susanah once, but she covered hint with hot beef dripping. for it. Him do a murder ? It would take a bigger man 'than 'him. He hasn't the pluck to do a murder." " But he. was charged with the clime and acquitted? i'-' I oiserve'. "'So they told me." K "Who told you ?" "Susanah. HIo left her and the two babies without a crumb in the house, and rau away. Some said he ivas paid to keep out of sight. Siisafiah's never heard of him since." "'And 'Susanali -introduced Mr. ,Marion to you ?" "Not exactly introduced,l' replies the Mrs: ;Simmer,i with the air of a witness being examined by counsel. " What then ?" I enquire. "Susanah sent a letter with him that said as' how he was a nice respec table sort of gentleman who had been boarding with her and was a coning to Maniclhestei' for the benefit of his health. So I took him in." "And he stayed two days, you Say'." "Yes, and paid me a week's board for it." "And he introduced the Red Cripple to you, ehl ?" "Yes; on the second night he said -' Hy.dear Madaine Simmer,' and he stroked his moustache, so." She shows me how. lie stroked his moustache. "Irecognise the stroke. "And he said very sad like, 'I am going away.' 'Lor ! I said. ' But here's a pound,' he said. 'I have been very comfort~able and I have: recoiil niended a particular friend of mine to take my room. I will leave my luggage in his' charge.' The next morning he shook hands with me, and---" ' 'She puts her finger to. hei- lip coquettishly. " You doh't mean :to say that he kissed yau'?" I exclaim, pretending to be shocked at the. idea. 'f Why not? He was a gentle m1an." "So you didn't resent it ?" "'Didn't I! I gave him one on each cheek." "M otherly like, 'I understand." "Not motherly like, you under stand. I'm not so old as all that." " But he went away after it." " Yes, and at night the Red Cripple came along." " A directory canvasser, you said?" "I told you all about him, so I don't Want to be bothered any more." "But the man who was killed; clidn't jou tell me he caime to your house the night before the tragedy, and was in conversation with the Red Jripple ?" e forward at the ex e s ill." ow any more of this ?" " mn my soul and body, I don't " Hpv many times did he come to your house? "o "Only this once." "How did you learn his name was Arthur ?" She hesitates a moment before answering me, with apparent modesty. At length she says " I learnt it through the keyhole." " Did you. learn anything else through the keyhole ? " "No. The cat had run away with the steak I was cooking on the grid, so I had to run after the cat." " Did you 'get back the steak ?" "After running nearly half a mile !" she replies with vehemence. "Oh! didn't I."? "And I suppose after that you killed the cat ?" "If it hadn't been too ninible for me I should have done ; but my lodger was waiting for his tea, 'so I had to hurry back and 'finish cooking the steak." "And the Red Cripple: ate the steak ?" "After I'd washed it." " And it gave him a nightmare, didn't it ?" " He didn't tell me about any night mare." " But wasn't he out all night after it?" I ask. \-- He didn't stir out at all that night." "Are you sure of that'?" "I didn't hear him, anyhow." *" Did you have any dreams that night?" I ask her coaxingly. " Dreams !" she replies. " Oh, awful." " What about ?" "I don't remember them alto gether." 4" Well, singly, what did you dream about ?", "That I was married again," im patiently. " What sort of a man did you marry? " I ask, trying to pacify her. " A man something like yourself." I regret the question. I continue. "Did you dream of anything else ?" " Yes, of cats and steak and Red Cripples." "What did you dream of Red Cripples ?" "I dreamt I saw a ro«w of them dangling oil strings and making such awful faces." ' " Did they do anything else besides dangling on stringand pulling awful faces ?" .."Yes, they had knives in their hands and they were flourishing them, and I thought I .heard them crying out, '.This way for sausage meat.' I couldn't stand any more, so I fainted." ' Fainted in your dream ? " SYes, it was a dream faint." I scribble in my note booka cursory description of the Rted Cripple, and a few other notes to serve as a remainder of my sccne with Mrs. Simmer, while -that lady is unscrevihng and° screwing the cap of my spirit flask. It is hard to look at her and not to laugh; tears are constantly coursing doiwn my cheeks.' I' draw: my hand kerchief from my pocket to wipe my eyes; in shaking it a scrap of paper flutters out and falls upon AMrs.' Sim mer's lap. She pounces upon it: in stantly, with the delight of an infant grasping a sweetmeat. Her coun teninc· changes 'ruefully' as she examines it. She had mistaken it for a bank note or" a cheque apparently. She returns it to me with the remark that she thought it was something for a keepsake in exchange for her card. On the scrap of paper there is some pencil writing. It 'appears to have been torn out of a small note book such as ladies carry. What is it I wonder. Ah! perhaps it is the leaf on which I saw Norma Grayson writ ifigt. It is. I read _ " I)o not leave me alone with him for an instant.. You want the desnription of 'the man I saw that night at Laseelles Hall. Icannot owrite it here. - Ioill tell you all in London. I have heard most of yozur conversation toith Marion. .Do h,'. fear that ishill betray you. When w~. reach London, Marion is ablost sure to take Ie away somekwhere. Follow us in another cab to find olt our destination and devise some mens of meeting men. If I am obstinate with hisi and refuse to go we shall discover nothiig. You have played your part well. ihave ezxchanged hand kerchiefs. I notice you have watclhed me do this, so you are prepared Above all, do not leave the compyartment for an instant. If you do, there is danger." SI repeat the last lines aloud. " DO NOT LEAVE THIE. COMPARTMENT 'OR AN INSTANT ; IF YOU DO, TIIERE IS DA2 GER." "Eh ?" enquires Mrs. Simmer. "If you leave the carriage there" is danger. Do they say I: ami danger ous ?" ' I must invent some plan. of getting lJack to the compartment where I have left Eugene and Normat Grayson, even if I have to stop the train by means:of the signal cord. It is a dark night. Before the guard or engine-driver can find out the cause of the alarm I may be safely in quar.. ters. Why stop the train? I should be able to get along the footboard of the carriages safely. Brit how to escape the old lady? .'I have a plan. "Yes, madam, I have broken loose from my keepers. I have been at large all over the country. I have been all right for aday or two, but I think there must be a change of moon coming on, and I feel very queer. I have fits that come' over me lilke equi HON. WILLIAM McMILLAN. noctial gales; and when they come I become as mad as a savage." "A lunatic, you are then ?" " So they call me." "I'm not afraid of lunatics," she says defiantly. "But I -am a murderous lunatic," I tell her.. As mad as fireworks I was once a butcher, madam, and I have never properly lost the thirst for gore." Here I utter a wild war-whoop and try to dance tragically about the compartment.. The . space is too limited; I can only burlesque my part. The old lady doesn't seem in the least afraid ; I am only amusing her. I pretend to be taken much worse. Suddenly and ferociously she rises and' pounces upon me, dragging me down by the hair of my head, exclaim ing "D.T.'s, is it? I'll cure you of them. I'll do with you like I did with Simon. I'll give you sawdust and water to drink when we reach London." Evidently she has taken possession of me altogether. I may become angry, aye fierce expostulate until I am blue in the face; I may rave and curse and threaten; I may shriek out knives, pistols and gunpowder until the occu pants of the next compartment become alarmed and pull the communication cord to stop the train, fearing that some dreadful tragedy is being enacted. The more angry.I get the tighter she holds me. What a fearful woman, with the strength of Samson and the frenzy of a maniac. A woman IIercules, but considerably lacking science. Her handling of me is rough enough almost to suffice for the taming of a mob of cattle. I am sans breath and perfectly helpless. I cry aloud for mercy. Oh ! what an idiot I was to infuriate her. "Mercy, madam, mercy ! ' I plead. "I'll cure you of the D. T's" she shouts. "I am cured; I am cured. They are all gone. I am myself again." She stares at me a few minutes, and at last decides to liberate me. "Madam," I say, adjusting myself, "This assault is a case for the police." "You said you were dangerous, didn't you? I know what mad folks are. They spring- on you un awares. There's only one way of curing them, and that is by shewing them who's master." I think the energy she has just put forth has nigh exhausted her, power ful as she is, for she sinks back upon her seat puffing and trembling. By my ridiculous tactics I have shut myself out from gaining further in formation from her, and as things are at present I cannot leave the compartment. She is again performing with my spirit flask. I will venture to ask -a few more questions. "Madam," I recommence, "As I have placed myself under your pro tection, perhaps I may ask you where you intend to take me when we reach London." "I didn't ask you if you were a married man," she replies. "Not yet," I tell her. "And you want a place of lodg ing" ?" "If youknow of any goodrespectable place, where it is not too public, and where I shall not have to shave in cold water." "You are afraid lest they find you and take you back to the asylum, you say." IT hadforgotten that I had previously introduced myself as a lunatic. "Oh, yes, that's it, Isay." "Are you a private patient ?" "Yes, very private." "And, your friends arn't particular about the price ?" "They will pay anything that is not too exorbitant." " Umphi! I think I can manage you," she remarks, after very little de liberation. Fate preserve me from such a keeper. "And where shall you take me ?" " To my daughter's, of course." "Where is that?" I ask timidly. ':No. 4102 Garnet-street, Forest Rate." The address I wanted; I write it down slyly, while she takes another sip of the brandy. I now know where to find her when I require more informa tion. Sip, sip, sip; she is draining the flask. Past exertion and the spirit have made her less capable of combat than she;was a short time ago. I may speak to her as I like now. "Your daughter is also a widow," I remark. . " Heaven forbid ! I shouldn't have broken up my house and be going to live with her if she was." "Two widows in one house would be rather uncomfortable." "Would they?" she retorts, sul lenly. She is a little stupified. The brandy is rising. She wants to doze. "Two widows in one house," she mutters. " Oh, no," and falls back. I pause a minute to allow her the chance of going to sleep. I will speak to her again. "Your daughter, if she is any thing like her mother, must be very lovely." 'Splendid-like a statute." "Very good too. Full of graces." "'Yes, as Simon always said, in noculate good principles in a growing child, and when she's done growing she won't want to grow bad." That is her last speech before going off to sleep. She is snoring now. I don't want to experience a repetition of her dream speeches, so, after assuring myself thlat all is safe with her, I drop the win dow, open the carriage door gently, and, screwing my courage to the sticking point, I step out upon the footboard, into the wild 'storm and the black night. (' 'o bL Ctotinu'd.) 