AN UNSCRUPULOUS FOE. Creeps upon us unawares like an assassin in tbe dark and whose dangerous proximity we never suspect until it makes the last fatal clutch on some vital orgau. \Yc are always warned in ample time of the impending danger, but with criminal carelessness neglect these warnings : That tired feeling, those aching limbs, and that grand feeling one day and the seedy condition the next, the sour taste on waking in the morning, and the frequent sick and splitting headaches, all make their debut before serious illness sets in. All or any of these symptoms indicate the approach of disease, they are faithful signs that the liver and kidneys are not doing their duties, that the morbid and effete matter instead of being eliminated from the system, is being retained, and is positively poisoning and destroying the whole physical structure. Neglect in such is criminal, recourse to rational treatment should be had at once, Clements Tonic should be taken to strengthen the digestion, purify and fortify the blood, to stimulate the liver aud brace up the kidneys, to resolve and eliminate the poisonous urea. Liver aud kidney complaints are the most prevalent diseases of this country, and so long as we consume such large quan tities of animal food and condiments, and drink so freely of tea and stimulants, so long will this unhealthy condition last. It is this modeof life that causessuehnumbersof deaths from heart disease, Bright’s disease, dropsy, cancer, inflammation and enlargement of the liver, and similar eauBCS, all of which herald their approach by feelings of lassitude, headache, languor &c.;, and if prompt treat ment at once is adopted by a regular use of Clements Tonic, the progress of disease is arrested, the stomach, liver and kidneys resume their normal action and the poisonous accumulation are the Bystem and normal health is restored. That Clements Tonic is reliable w proved beyond all question and we have grateful beneficiaries in every town and village whe are continually writing to us in terms similar to the following:— St Leonards, Sydney,—Dear sir,—I can with pleasure bear witness to the great relief I have received from the use of Clements Tonic and Dr. Feetcher’s Pills. I have been a great sufferer for eleven years from liver disease, with at times considerable enlargement, which caused a swelling in the side under the ribs aud was very painful, the abdomen, bowels, &c.;, always felt very tender on pressure, with most obstinate constipation for which I took Fletcher’s Pills, the first dose caused a copious evacua tion and gave great relief, and I thought I wbb all right, but after a week I was as bad again as before, I again had recourse to Fletcher’s Pills but I took Clements Tonic as well as this time aed continued it fora couple of months, after the first dose I felt better and got rid of all the symptoms I used to have, as flushings of heat and cold, splitting headaches, pains in the aide and small of the hack, extromo lassitude, and the general feeling of “all right to-day, seedy to morrow,” all these spmptoms with many othero I used to have, but now thaoks to Clements Tonic I am quite cured. I can get up in the morning refreshed the night’s rest and can eat a good breakfast,Whereas ! before taking the medicine I scarcely over eat anything, and when I did it nearly always made me vomit, hut now I am quite well and have been so for five mouths, I have no cause to fear a relapse. I don’t mind you publishing my case if you add nothing to it, as it may bring relief to similar sdffe'rers.—Yonrs very truly, H. Garkill. THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS, , ‘ I would givo a million dolldrs for n stomach,’ snid a wealthy American recently ' Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of > money, but he was not ablo to buy the i article oven at that price. 1 Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, iB not so rich as , many being a gardener, but ho was ready onough to givo all ho had for ono thing ho hadn’t got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to . say, ‘ Up to S years ngo I had never lost an , hours’work through sickness. Iu December, 1S82, whilst living at Beestou, near Nottiug • ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful I pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, , which would fill with water and Blime, the | latter so thick and Bticky that I often had ’ to remove it with my fingers. My chest 1 used to ‘ fill up ’ and my throat would swell > so I couldn’t button my shirt at the neck. • I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish , green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and ' would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rusliod out of my ears. i 1 becaino exhausted and short of breath and . had to call to call the doctor, and was in , bed fivo or six weeks. ‘ I then went aB out-patient to tho Notting ham Hospital, and aftor attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about ami my friends said it was all up with me. ’ For eighteen months I kept gettiog bettor, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air So I came to Darley Abbey and my furmcr master gave me an indoor recommendation to tho Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first ono said, ‘You are in galloping consumption, and must die ; thcothurdoctors, nfter sounding my lungsand chest, said nothing, but shook^thoir hoiufo, ■ Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens mid grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things wont on like this until December, 1SSS, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm, would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and ! I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ‘ I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn’t bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upBet me. • The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ‘ I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your Iungsare diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s ■ a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ‘ Well you wont cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.’ 1 • About the middle of March, 1SS9, a ' neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ‘Tom did you ever try Mother Seigols ? and told me how he had been curedatterbeing 1 in the hospital. He spoke so much in praiscof this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith’s Stores in Vic- . toria street. After the first dose I had a - vacuation black as ink, vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoko. After taking the medicine for three days my > breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight 1 went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told ( him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel’s 1 Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work ’ at once, aud had never lost a day’s work 1 • Of course my strength did not return all i at once, but after taking Seigel’s Syrup for I six months I was strong os ever in my life 1 and havecontined so ever since.’ In giving his consent to the publication of ’ this remarable statement, Er Gaskiu re- 1 quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abby, who is acquanted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskiu has lived at Darley Abby, 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered; Not galloping, certainly (as one of tho doctors thought) or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was ehronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh) which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel’s Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartly congratulate Mr Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking poeple. 