BETWEEN DRINKS. — ? Lovo lias compensations that friendship lias not. ' » Lovo is tho offspring of chance : its nurse is habit. . e "Sorvility is to doyotion what hypocrisy -is to virtue. . A new glove has been called the " Cupid" because it is undressed kid. » 0 - Lord Tennyson received £9 a word for his poem, "To Sleep," recently published. Women give themselves to God when the devil wants nothing more to do with them. » 0 Whenever there iB any| doubt about a dog's sanity, an ounco of lead is worth a pound of cure. 000 An agricultural editor says that the best article ho over saw on milk was cream; nd we agree with him. a Tho anarchist is against all royal degrees, but lio's particularly set against the order of the bath. . Some men think thoy know everything — until they get home, and their wives ask them where they have been. » Wolf's comet is expected to call in September. ; The timo for the earth to return the call has not boon fixed, 0 "Did you catch anything when you wont fishin' yesterday ?" . - V Did IP Wait till wo go in swimmin' an' I'll show ;you some o' dad's marks !" 0 0 0 TomMalone: "Oi'vo got a pain in me sido, docther." Doctor Wliicli sido ?" Tom: "Inside, doclitor." 0 0 0 First Actress: "Did you ever have au attack of stage fright ?" Second Actress: "Yes, once, when I t bought niy sawdust was leaking." 0« It's bod enough to have a cold, And yet one might endure it If every friond would not proceed To toll you how to cure it. 0 # Men continue to go up in balloons and conio down in unspeakable ruin. But tho people nmst bo amused, and public opinion does not conntenanco bull-fights and the ' fooding of men to wild beasts. 0 0 0 In lovo, tho importance lio3 in; the he- ginning. Tho world knows well that who- " ever takes ono step will take moro ; it is important, then, to tako the first stop well. ; . # A new kind of harp has been invented by a Frenchman, having wooden springs (tho harp has). Ho thinks it a great im provement on the old-fashioned, celestial, hang on tho willows kind of lmrp. 0 0 0 Mrs. Smiler (just returned from a good timo) : "Why, it's only 2 in tho morn ing!" & Smilor : " Humph ! If I'd been coming home alono, instead of with you, you'd think it was late enough, I'll hot!" # o ' Kissing tho baby may result in doforming its nose or bringing on near sightodness. Tho safest plan is not to kiss a-baby of tho feminine persuasion until it attains the ' ago of sixteen years. Tho cartilage of tho nose is much stronger then. Vf Fashioiiftblo Waiter (in tho bosom of . his family) : "I wish, Helen, that you'd ( have something to say whilo wo aro dining. It's bad form to feed like animals, in absolute sileuco." ; "His .Wife: "'Enery, I was almost afraid ' .- to ask yon for two'nty-threo shillings for Jtuperfs overcoat, but now I will !" If your hat hlowa off in tho street, follow it placidly and with gentle dignity. Somebody elso will cbaso it for you. 0 '0 Hor head was bowod upon hor bond, Hor manner was devout ; / But through hor half-closed fingers she Was looking all about. 0 0 0 A dying' reporter in Providence wrote his loot vtilToh a paper collar with a load poncil, anc(,f jj stood to be admitted to pro bate. r . Perhaps the reason of it, however, was because ho only had a pair of hoots to will away.' " 0 0 0 A- former mayor of Hull was shooting wild docks in the neighborhood of Brigg, wlion ho Blipped into a tidal dram, and was on tho point of being drowned, when ono of the party — tho village carpenter — hauled him out, and recoivod the sum of sixponco for his troublo. Ho pocketed the coin, saying as he did so, "I thowt a wore would ho worth five sliillin'. We alus liev half-a-croon for pullin' a foal out of a dyke 1" A lawyer, attempting to browbeat a female witness, told hor she had bras3 enough to make a saucepan. The woman retorted, "And you have sauco enough to fill it. ' 0 0 If we may judge from an advertisement appearing in an English provincial journal, even tho donkoys aro divided into cads and gentlemen, but tho price the owner of tho asinino quadruped of such euperlative manners demands is ridiculous enough — fifty shillings. Tho announcement runs : — For sale, a donkey, woll educated, of gentlo manners, good looking, and a good goer. Has boon driven and cared for by gentlewoman, and is a gentleman. Only parted with because no furthor use for him. Price, 60s. No more, no Icbs. This is a sober fact, and, like the soap advertisements, has to bo looked at long and steadily for its meaning to be gleaned. 00 A newly-married man kissoth his bride at tho rising and setting of tho sun, and at midday he dasheth homeward ; hut in a few months lib kissoth tho cook at tho club, and goeth not homo until midnight. Mr. Boozor (after having boen refused): "Now I liavo drunk tho enp of bitterness to tho very dregs." Sho (cruelly): "Yes, catch you leaving anything in the shape of drink." 0 0 0 From a recent issue of the Noose we clip tho following interesting advt. : — IP D. TEHA" docs.. not remove his Wife's Clotliingin scVen' days thoy will bo sold to defray orponsos'. ' 'Mrs. 1Y0BY, 15 Swon-stroot. D. Tehan! Oiniupus name ! Sounds like a member of tho Bird staff in disguise. Tho Booster denies all. .knowledge of it, and the Prod., is . .unmarried. Wo trust Mrs. Luby has by thi3 timo defrayed ex penses, though what expanses are incurred in tho keeping of a married woman's clothes outsido of the co3t of insecticide it is bard to say. The wise old Comtcsse do used to remark that there were three follies of men which always amazed lior — tho first, climbing trees to shake fruit, when, if thoy waited long enough, the fruit would fall of itself. The second was going to war to kill one another, when, if thoy only waited, they would die naturally. The third was to run after women, when, if thoy only re frained from doing so, tho Women would run after them. . 0 Thero i3 something uniquely innocent in the following advt. which appeared the other day in a Dundee paper. LEFT or Lost, 2 Odd Boots, in Hawkbill or Perth road, probably iu public-house. Ad dress, 679 Adveutiske Offico. Wo like tho "probably," it is dolicious. 0 Hostess : " Don't you think my daughter has a fine voice, Mr. Bronson, and that I ought to send her to Paris to have it culti vated ?" Bronson : " Yes ; if I were you I would send her at least as far as that." » 0 — Gold and silver shoos are now derigw.ur for ladies at all smart functions in Paris, and many a fair dame tops up her chaussures . with brilliants of tlio finest water. So each one of tho darlings may literally be said to liavo a fortune at hor feet. Mr.' Sharpo (of the firm of Sharpe and . ' Ferrit, Solicitors) : " Woll, madam, do you think your son is fitted for our office P" Mrs. Wobbles (proudly) : " George . Washington Wobblos_never told a lie 1" Mr. Sharpo : " TTmph t Afraid he won't do for the law. Try him on a tram-car." 0 0 Tho first ohaptor in a novel contained tho following : " And so the fail' girl con tinued to sit on tho sands, gazing upon the briny deop, on whose heaving bosom the tall ships wont merrily by, freighted — ah, who can toll with how much joy and sorrow and coal, and omigrauts, and hopes and salt pork !" # # » Scone — Railway Refreshment Room. Laudlord to Traveller : " Wo'ro very much troubled with rats licro. Do you know a good remedy ?" Traveller : " Well, if you do with thorn wbatyou' vo just done with me — chargo them a shilling for somo bread and cheese I'll warrant you they'll not come hack agaiu." -# not so easy as it looks. He wus looking at a typo , ' Piling lottors in his stick, 'Arid each ono seomod to fall in - line So gracefully, and sliok. " " That's 'oasy work," he muttorod, " I o'ori could do it woll If I only had a half a obanco And could the boxes tell." Tlio typo hade him try his hand O'erjoycd the stick ho took — Ho set ono line — it's standing yet — I) Bcajjs xMs sout oF look. 0 0 "Minister,". Eaid an old woman in tho north of Scotland, " F m going away fast, and I'll soon bo in Judas' bosom." "Hoots, toots, Janet," said the minister, "ye mean Abraham'.':, bosom." " Ah, minister, if ye had been as long a singlo woman as I'vo been, ye wouldn't be particular whose bosom.it was." \ 0 # Tho influenza is still raging in this office, and the staff is rodneod at present to three mou, a boy, and the Offis Kat. The Boss has notified his intention to grant no further leave of absence, and ox- presses bis dubiety as to the genuineness of tlio coinplant, even going so far as to hint that pwiliuenza would bettor meet the case. \- 0 # It is tbe violence of their ideas and the blind hnsto of their passion that inako mon awkward when with women. A woman ; who has blunted a little his sensations, at ; first studies to plcivso rather than to be loved. .0 0 0 Grace and Elsie rushed into Mrs. Fow- elothes' room in breathless haste one morn ing. "Oh, mamma," said Graco, "you know we couldn't find Daisy all day yester day/and just now we found hor out in the carriage-liouso with five little wee kittens." " Yes, mamma," said little Elsie in an injured toue, "and I didnt evon know that Daisy was married." 0 0 0 Hero is a, curious rhyme Of course ' tho peculiarity is that it can bo read in either Latin or English : — Mollis abuti, " Moll is a beauty, Has au acuti, Has an acuto oye, No lasso finis ; No loss bo fino is ; ... Molli divinis. Molly divine is. 0, mi do avinis trss, O 1 my dour mistress, I mina dis tres, I'm in a distress, . Cantu disco vor Gau't you discover _ Mo as alo vor ? Mc as a lover ? This was composed by Dean Swift ; and hero i3 another by the samo author, equally Curious anil clever : — A pud in is almi de si ro, Mimis tre's I ne vr ro quiro, Alo ver I findit a gestis, If iB misori ne vor at rcstis. A pudding is all my dosico, My mistress I never require, A lover I find it a jest is, Hi£ misery never at rest is. ' ' # 0 0 the small boy's revelation. It is the small boy who usually tells things, and tho dinner table is his favorite theatre. Not long ago a bright little fellow out on Peachtree-stroet peered over info tho dish at tho head of tho tablo and exclaimed : " liat a little clucken for so many people !" The company smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavored to quiet him. But ho was liko Bnnquo's ghost. After they . had all boen helped and woro eating his face suddenly lit up, and, chapping liis hands, he shouted : "Oh ! yes, I know now, mamma; this is the little chicken that was sick so loilg jn tliO yard, ain't it P" ; 