A JOUBNEY ACROSS SIBERIA. FB0I1 VLADIVOSTOK: TO FIAHDOLSOI. Br JAKES CAHFBBU* It was a glorious Jane motning when we st&rted;, and we woe in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driven to the door, oar luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that thoee gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, bat between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mQe before our fiery steeds, ambitions apparently of oatflying the eagles, settled down into quite' respectable roadeten, with sach a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cabman by the hour. The'tarantasa is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. Th&t; it is ugly and clumsy ia the smallest'fault to find with it—that might be said of some crood people I know who are the very salt of the earth—but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, bnt on rough roads this delectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, ae there is no convenience for carrying it outside^ and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to deep on. The knobs and corners see distinctly in evidence daring the night, ae the yemtshiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sadden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coining back to earth with a crash, or your tarantass larches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and. fury of the .latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adaptability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjustment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter debouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts —the verst is two-thirds of a mile—we came to a post station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government nas put a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as elsewhere. The c antral horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as yon sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route beep from three troikas to 15, and the cost is fixed by the Government at from 1 h to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better nnderstandea of the people I am writing for, yon get three horses to carry yon 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. fid. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the difference between prices in various countries may be immense, the difference in values may be very little. The horses are just as well fed as those in Australia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of all good things than the Siberian yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much mote; but, because we inflate all round, it practically redacts things back to exchanging articles with high figures attached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the Bad fate of the country, or lift np our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as thoBe sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of population, the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found oat that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact oould speak nothing bnt Russian, or, at best, a few words of French or German. The best linguists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes axe concerned are undoubtedly the Dutch; then the Germans, and after them the Russians. When I eay the Germans, I am not sure bat equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes; all of these surpassing fax the Latin xaceB of every sort, and the English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations I have, made abont the Dutch and Germans, ft is still true that the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and abont 8 o'clock it waa tuning torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province ooaat is noted for wet, no less than 230 days out of lbs year being ainy. it became dark aa pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get ont and trudge along the muddy road, slipping and etnmo. ling as we went. I began to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myeelf what sort of a journey this waB likely to be if the first 50 turned oat in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself farther if I w&< quite sane when I first resolved to Undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever—they thought I waa as ae a March hare, and the doubt begaa to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average man is a comfortloving rabbit, easily anued by diaoomforti and dcmzly loving his own burrow, hating ateange'fopdahd ¥trange bods, % I «P«^ to gosh with, rapture over the gto^oe of tta Himalaya^ if yon take him m ihehdighta an W lift, or to explore fooagn luidfl,. >if fie cafe doituafirBt-daMpattxage. !Q>e etny-at- " bete, ' noira of traveller, < MB itsnd yon w fmh _ , auuang, .vitti . £ , «ectaiic* unreasonable resentment _ folks at home, aa if they VM»~ fathion reeponsUe for my tnmblea now, plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would not go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics! At last the dim lights of the little town of Basdolnoi came in eight, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station—one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug oat, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effectually than Banqno's ghost. His splntterings and explosions, his small artillery of snortings and heavy cannons of longdrawn enorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off, though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of heirless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances ? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, I ; don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching abont for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together ; will some ^tactical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivions of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans ? That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scrag-gy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we proceeded, all the wretchedness conli not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Boiling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth- We ran alongside the Biver Suifun part of the way, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable distance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Eyneton, now beginning to be occupied. Ii was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I asked myeelf a hundred times before I left] Siberia, what will this country be? The quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surprise, and the fact that it ha« stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater etill. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 