Literary Chitchat. "OWEN MEREDITH." ROBERT, LORD LYTTON. In the month of November, 1860, there appeared in the Cornhill Magazine, over the signature "Owen Meredith," a poem entitled "Last Words," which lingers in the memory of some who love Robert Lytton's verse as his very finest work. It is a pathetic coincidence that in the same month, one-and-thirty years later, " Owen Meredith's" own last word had been spoken. A few months earlier in the year mentioned —in Maroh, 1880 —appeared the novel in verse, " Lucile," which, according to Miss M. Betham- Edwards, who edited Lord Lytton's poems for the " Canterbury" series, is •• said to be the most popular narrative poem in America." The work, as is acknowledged in the author's pre face to the third edition (187 C), is derived in part from "Lavinia," one of George Sand's novels. There are good things in it, but the " purple patches" are very few. The rhythm ohosen is itself, if one may venture to say so, of a sort which poor human nature could scarcely endure for more than half-a-dozen pages, let alone for over three hundred. The difficulties of rhyme are too often evaded by means of some such device as might well, one may admit, seem but a venial offence in a minor poet when the Brownings, then at the zenith of fame, were, in the matter, arch-offenders. Such doubtful concords as " albeit" and " see it," " ill-construed" and •' one strewed," " in creased" and " breast," or " uncouohes" and " approaches," are as plentiful a3 they are, to the reader of to-day, positively unendurable. The spirit of the poem i 3, however, a tine one, and the story told more briefly and in verse of happier form and daintier finish would, I think, have been one to read and to remember and to read again. "Clytcmncstra' was published in 1855. and "The Wanderer, a Oolleotion of Poems in Many Lands," in 1859. Much of the verse of this earlier period has a charm which, it Beems to me, is seldomer found in that of later years. The four-line poem, entitled at first "To n Woman" and afterwards "The Last Wish,' merits, I think, such praise: Binoe all that I can ever do for thee Is to do nothing, this my prayer mast be: That ttaoa raayst never guess nor ever soe The all-endured this nothing-done costs me. Bo also, I think, does " A Love Letter" : And I had been content, without one tbonght ' Our guardian angels could have blushed to know, So to have lived and died, demanding nought gave, living dying to have loved you so. I never thought to know what I have known — Tho ecstasy of being loved by you: I never thought within my heart to own One wish so blest that you should share it too. Nor ever did I deem, contemplating Tho many Borrows in this place of pain, Bo Btrango a sorrow to my life could din;, As being thus loved, to be beloved in vain. The culmination of pathos in the verses quoted renders them, to my mind, only less touching than Landor's incomparable " Rose Aylmer." " The Portrait," also of this period, is one of the few powerful poems of Owen Meredith. Although the story it tells is an unpleasant one the treatment is so masterly, the lyric ring so true, that one cannot but take it as another proof of the great gift lost to the World by reason of Robert Lytton's having devoted himself to the diplomatio service. It 18C3 was published, in its first form, a psychological novel, " The Ring of Amasis," which last year—over a quarter of a century later—was republished in, as the author re marks in his preface, "a better and more attractive form" and as " a substantially new story." Those who read for the first time this " one important prose work of Lord Lytton's must, in justice to the writer, bethink them selves that it was given to the world before the psychological novel had become an every-day affair in the world of books; before Wilkie Collins had dreamt or thought of "The Moonstone" (1868), and longer stillbefore Rider Haggard had his unbeatifie vision of "She." The book, as a book, is not without interest, but perhaps not its least value is as a revela tion of the author's mind. The insight thus afforded is of a sort to confirm very strongly the feeling of admiration and regard excited by most of what, so far as may be judged by the reader, is the more ■pontaneous of the poetry. In 1861 came " Tannhauser, or the Battle of the Bards," written in collaboration with the Hon. Julian Fane, and in the same year II Serbski Pesrae," a collection of the national songs of Servia, made during a term of diplo matic service at Belgrade. "The Poetical Works of Owen Meredith" bears date 18G7 ; "Chronicles and Characters," 1868 ; v Orval, or the Fool of Time," 1869; " Julian Fane, a Memoir," 1871; "Fables in Song," and " Speeches of Edward, Lord Lytton," 1874; " Glenaveril," an epio of modern life, some ten years later, and " After Paradise, or Legends of Exile," 1887. There are, in addition to this substantial tale of work, the contributions to the current literature of the day, notably to the Nineteenth Century. These are not, bo far I believe, available in any collected form, but are to be found in their original place in the volumes usually to be had at any fairly well supplied circulating library. The criti cism, or review rather, of a certain volume of poems by a writer denominated " X." will, I fancy, bo found to be replete with interest of a sort rather unique. The many partial critics, made partial by the pleasure bestowed by the "promise unfulfilled," as I oannot but consider it, of Robert Lytton's earlier work, may, and doubtless will, say that his verse of later day is for "audience fit though few." The reader, however, who nowadays for the first time makea acquain tance with "Owen Meredith" will be less likely to invest the new with a glamour borrowed from the old. And, be it also said, if Robert Lytton had written not a line after 1860 his place among the poets of the Victorian era would still-be one well worth holding, although no higher a place than he has now. Those who have known and loved the " Owen Meredith" of old will henceforth find a newer added pathos in the sad November swan-song, his " Last Words," of thirty years ago as they recall and repeat lineß, here and there, that linger in the memory such as: Dreamed; for old things and places came dancing about my brain, liike ghosts that dance in an empty house; and my thoughts went slipping again Through green by-ways forgotten to a stiller circle of time 'Where violets, faded for ever, seemed blowing as once in their prime. And I stand, chill in the sun; Naming you each of the roses; blest by the beauty of of none. Yet, oh, the confident spirit once mine, to dare and to dot Take the world into my hand, and shape it, and make it anew; Gather all men in my purpose, men in their darkness and dearth, Men in their meanness and misery, made of the dust of the earth, Mould them afresh, and moke out of them Man with bis spirit sublime, jj ftn it, ~-«it heir of Eternity, dragging the conquests of Time 1 Theieioru x mingled among them, deeming the poet should hold All natures saved in bis own, as the world in the ark was of old. Where was the fault? Was it strength fell short ? And yet (I can speak of it now) How my spirit sang like the resonant nerve of a warrior's battle-bow When the shaft hai leapt from the string, what time, her first bright banner unfurled, Bong aimed her arrowy purpose in mo sharp at tho heart of the world. From another life, in another world, new aims must arise. And there New on ■" t ■' "<""M!b6 reward may be the redemption of failure here. It was not to the mere diplomatist nor even to the popular ambassador that the gallant and ohivalrous French people, so often our companions in glory, paid the other day their nation's highest tribute to the illustrous dead. It was to the gifted singer, the sweet and noble nature, the kindly and sympathetic spirit which was " Owen Meredith." F. A very interesting literary discovery has jast been made in Bombay (says the London corre spondent of the Qlatgoio Herald. It is nothing less than a verbatim report of the second series of lectures which Carlyle delivered at tho Port :nan Rooms in the spring of 1838 on the periods of European culture. Hitherto the only notes of tliese in existenco were brief records published in the Examiner by Leigh Hunt, and which contained very much more of Leigh Hunt than of Carlyle. Soon after the latter's death Dr. Dowden, of Trinity College, Dublin, unearthed a sort of report of somo of the lectures, by one who was present. But the Bombay manuscript is a full and complete report, with the excep tion of the ninth lecture (on "Voltaire and French Scepticism," which Carlyle himself tiojghtwtak, as he disliked Voltaire). The writer was Mr. Chisholm Anstey, then a young barrister, afterwards member for Youghal, and notorious for his ecoentrioities, who ended his Jays as Legal Remembrancer in Bombay, after having been Attorney-General in Hong Kong. He had a huge library, collected in various parts of the world, and on his death in 1873 it was sold by auction in Bombay, tho local Asiatic Sooiety securing somo of his manuscripts, in cluding a volume containing the transcript of his n6tes of this course of lectures. 