Her Majesty's Theatre. 'The Corsican Brothers/' began its second week in presence of a very large and demonstra tive audience on Saturday last, and so excel lently is the play mounted, so completely are the incidents in the story placed before the audience, and so powerfully illustrated and contrasted, that unstinted praise must be accorded to Mr. George Rignold for the skill 'with which he has arranged this elaborate production. In the matter of scenery and,mechanisni it is excellent ; but amid the triumphs of ghost entries and exits, the Cor sican dance, and the gaiety of the second act, there is the strong current of romance, tbat marvellous sympathy which animates the two brothers, making 'the experiences of tbe one known to the other when actually the two are far apart, which lifts the play out of the ordinary sensational show order, and exercises a strange and absorbing fas cination upon the spectator. How much thought and study have been brought to bear upon this by- the popular actor-manager can scarcely be realised by those who see only what is in frohtof the stage. The first act in the old chateau of the Franchi, the grave matron so proud of the son at home, so . anxious for the one in Paris,- the handsome Fabian in his picturesque dress, acting as the real father of his people, and closing a 10 years* feud by. a genial gathering under his own roof, gives one a very pleasant picture of the good old times. The lively peasants in their quaint costumes and the stern tempers of the Colonna and Orlando make an - - ensemble which is at once strikingly impres sive to the thoughtful etudent and to the average playgoer. The second, act is a powerful contrast, and one whicbj though true to portions of Parisian life, is not alluring. As stage work it is excellent, and the first scene of the gay masked ball at the Paris Opera- house, .with the spectators of the carnival seated in the boxes, ie a triumph of the kind. The scenes before the curtains — very handsome curtains they are, toQ-^-with Louis dei Frar.chi .anxious, moody, and oppressed at the critical position of the woman he loves, point a Sowerful moral. The cynical roue, Chateau .enavd, is well.played by Mr. H. R. Jewett, and when. J his treacherous conduct is revealed, and llortenie de Lesparjre, strong in conscious innocence, appeals to the men present, and asks the escort of Louis, the sympathy of the whole house is assure'1. Miss Edith 131ande, whose handsome face and figure are well set off - by her tawny wig and elegant toilette, acts her small part well, and her gesture of appeal to Louis and scorn of the villain are finely shown. The supper scene, with the vision of Fabian, writing tin the chateau at the very time when Fabian in the Corsican lull 'is disturbed by Ihe entry and passage of Louis to the old clock, is well managed. Of the duel and 'the completion- of Fabian's mission of -vengeance we have already spoken, and can only add that a second visit emphasised the deep impression given.by the first as to the excellence of the representation throughout. However, great and complete as the production is, the run of ' The Corsican Brothers ' iB limited to four weeks, as on Saturday, 23rd, a new.piece which comes to Us from America, 'The Country Fsir,' will be produced by arrangement with Messrs. M'Mahon. 1 