A Tale of a GantUe-fni j W At an hotel in New York, a few years ago, I feil in with a mining engineer from Mexico, who told me a stirring tale from his experiences in that romantic region. This tale 1 may well re member, for, as will be seen, it was im Dressed on my mind by a- scene whichformed a sequel to the story, and of which r was a witness that engineer and I had dtoed together, and spent a pleasant time in talking over our past adventures. There in the smoking-room we lost count of the time ; the other guests dropped off one by one, and the vast hotel became silent. It W&8 Dfffit trlthn mvfnan/1 fwran hi a story, a long one for the time of night, but £ j did not interrupt hun. I was only too glad to j sit still and listen, with my eyes on the dark j bearded face opposite, lighted up at times by j the memory of dangers past and gone. There was a look of anxiety on his face when in j repose/the meaning of which I was soon to 1 learn, bat by the strangest accident. I My Wife and I (he began) were married, away there in Mexico, two years ago. Now, it is j jttfet two years ago that what I have to teli you j took place. At that time I was engineer to several mines in Mexico, travelling about from j one to another the greater part of the year, j Some of these mines bad been worked for cen- 1 turies, following where the veins of silver led, 1 thousands of yards away from the little open- J ing in the mountain side, which looked like a I rat- hole from the valley below. Net a few of j these wore in a very dangerous state ; but of all the mines in my district, none was in a more critical condition than the three old workings above the picturesque village of Palos de Santa Fe. It was always very peasant to me to stay a j few days at the little " poBadu," perched a ! mile or so above the village, and to look down ! the valley of Santa Fe from my lounge on the long veraiidah. This posada was kept by an old Spaniard called Diez — his full name, if j on please, was Antonio Juan Maria de Diez y Antigiiera. He was a solemn, long-visaged old fellowf clean-Shaven and very dark, a ban dit every inch of him, by descent and by pre ference, too. But to return to Santa Fe. You cannot have j seen it in your wanderings, or you would re- J member that - valley,' if . nothing else in all j Mexico. The village itself was at the head of it ; down the middle rushed a broad deep stream, I which never dried up ; and the lower hills on j either side were hills, and not walls of granite, as they mostly are in those parts. Altogether, 1 the valley was ravishing, luxuriant, restful; j only above the sloping verdure rose the mighty 1 peaks of the Sierra. Many a mid-day hour of 1 blazing heat have I lounged away on that verandah, while the distant thud of the engines came throbbing through the " sing " of the mos quitoes. Ofie could be lazy then. But at night, when the engines were silent, j and instead came murmurs and cries from j among the thousand lights of the village below, I could not help thinking of the forces at work in those silent hills, where the scattered watch- fires glimmered by the shafts above me. I knew, if no one else did, that incalcuable masses of water were stored somewhere among those peaks, and that our workings were hound to tap soener or later that everlasting reservoir. The inevitable disaster must be very near now ; the wonder was that it had not already come dur ing the hundreds of years the mines had been worked. This was the ghost that sat brooding above village of Palos de Santa F£. About the beginning of August it was my duly to pay a visit to Palos. You may imagine that with my anxiety about the mines this visit I wash less pleasant prospeot than the delightful I climate and surroundings of the place seemed I to hold out. On my arrival I fonud that the 1 owners had at last made up their minds to con- 1 suit me seriously about the danger to which I have alluded. What was more, they deter mined, if necessary, to close the mines. They knew there would be serioas trouble with the j miners, and they had therefore obtained from j the Government a despatch of two companies of 1 soldiers to maintain order ; a large convent a I -mile or so from the inn where I was staying j served as barracks for the troops. . j The miners, more than a thousand in number, were enraged at this determined action, but were powerless in the face of such a force. Besides, they were by no means unanimous. A certain number, chiefly Americans and Germans, were un willing to risk their lives against pro- j f eseional warnings' such as mine ; the presence ! of the troops gave this minority the support i they needed. The malcontents could only grumble and, as it turned out, plot against us. The storm was but waiting till my arrival to bnrst; all depended on my verdict, I may say on my life, for it was pretty well known what my verdict would be. The heat of the day was only partly spent, but, it being Sunday, and especially because of the great excitement, the village streets were crowded. Men, women, and children were ail abroad. I could tell by the men's faces, by the sullen scowl or the uneasy, anxious glance, the adherents of either party. But when I had ridden into the courtyard of the inn I saw ' that the worst of my opponents were there. Now, this was the only posada in the place — more than that, it was tbe only place where I could put up. The owners of the mine lived far away, and the manager himself was at Palos only when he was not wanted at some mineB twenty miles away, worked by the same company. He was staying at the inn when I arrived. This man had little influence with the miners, and was I not to be relied on in an emergency like this, j He was known to be very much against closing (he mine, so that it needed great pressure from 1 the directors to compel him to take the neces sary steps. j You can see how uncomfortably I was placed. The whole responsibility was laid on me for a proceeding certain to make me the enemy of hundreds of fierce revengeful fellows, who had evidently their headquarters at the solitary inn where I was staying. To set against all this I had a guard of two hundred soldiers about a mile away, and on the spot a representative of my employers, who was pre- ; judiced agaiuBt me, and who would be the last man iu the world to raise a finger in my de fence, if the need arose. Within a week of my arrival three several attempts were made on my life. Daring one of these attacks I had the ill lack to wound, in self- defence, one of the ringleaders, a Spaniard named Antonio, nephew to my worthy hostl This young man had thus two reasons for wishing my destruction, and a third was. supplied by a circumstance of which I had then no -suspicion. To this day he is the only enemy I am aware of possessing, but I have a fore boding that he will yet do me or mine some fatal injury. After the failure of these three attacks I was not surprised to find that the conspirators had resolved to give me a few days' rest ; but I was not deceived by their inactivity. I had refused an escort from the commandant at the convent simply because I feit that my own vigilance was tb only safeguard likely to be of any use. My enemies, I suspected, were but biding their 'time to put in practice some more safe and Certain scheme than open attack had \- ' K proved to bq. The event showed I was right. Meanwhile, I was not idle, I was carrying On j my work of inspection from day to day, and had, in fact, nearly finished my written report to the directors. This I had taken care to i support by tbe authority of more than one eminent geologist and engineer. The closing of the mine was, in my opinion, an imperative necessity. . j Ail this rime I was preparing unconsciously for myself the greatest danger of my life, a danger which . has not yet passed away ; bat with it was to dome to me a blessing which has enriched my whole existence, I think I have never seen a more perfect I specimen of the heavy-villain class than Diez, j my. worth v landlord at Palos. and certatolv 1 never a woman who charmed me more than j his daughter. Juanita was a -girl of fourteen j when first I came to Palos ; I. can remember 1 having admired even then her pretty face and 1 graceful, shy manners, and having wondered how sucn a maidenly creature could be the daughter of my coarse and sometimes brutal j landlord. As for myself, I do not mind con- j tossing that, half-conscious only as I was of any 1 feeling of a tender eoi t, I had one reason which I have not mentioned before for making my visits to Palos de Santa Fe as long as possible, j Juanita' s attractiveness had for me been grow- 1 ing as she grew to early womanhood ; she j never appeared more lovely than when I saw j her that Sunday evening after iny three or four 1 months' absence. My all- absorbing anxiety would have prevented any love-making, even had I had any thought of such a pastime. But I remember having -noticed, after my escapes I from assassination, a new shade of thoughtful- J ness on the girl's dark face. At the time £ put this down to the persecutions of her cousin 1 Antonio, who was devoted to her in a savage, j jealous way, which made her very uncomfort able. He was evidently, favoured in his court ship by his uncle, Diez. Attracted as I was by J uanita, I could not I | help taking a great deal of interest in this love- 1 j suit, prosecuted by one who, I had no doubt, was my bitterest foe. So it was that I Dotioed j a great change in Juanita's treatment of her j admirer. Hitherto her dislike for him had 1 been evident ; besides, she was apparently j afraid of him. Now, to all appearance, the ' pressure put on her by her father, of whom she was very fond, ana who treated her with ; surprising indulgence, and even respect, had proved too much for her powers of resistance. Her manner was now one of shy. acquiescence in her lover's claims, whereas before this time you would have thought her less than kin to the eager Antonio, now I at least considered her more than kind to him. Unreasonable as it was, this state of things added, I know, to the feeling of loneliness and depression that Was growing upon me. I put it to myself that I was disappointed in the girl. i Though still shy and timid iu her lover's I presence, my landlord's daughter had altogether changed in her behaviour to the frequenters of the inn. Instead of keeping to her own room whon the house was full of men, or going quietly about her household duties, the young girl began to loiter near the bar, listening to the conversation of the miners. Diez, no doubt, attributed the change in his daughter's habits to her growing love for his charmtog nephew, who was always there ; at any rate, he never interfered. I myself could only think as he did, and acknowledge to myself with a sigh that Juanita, too, was in the enemy's camp. At last, three wesks after my return to Palos, the great report was finished. I handed it to the manager, and received from him an acknow- ledgment in writing. My work was over, and 1 I was heartily glad of it. I at least had done j my duty ; it only remained for the directors' to j do theirs. The next day I would see the last of Palos. I did not doubt that with the force at I their command tbe company would close the 1 mine before many days were past. I could not 1 help being sorry ; the village would cease to j exist; Diez would have to close the posada, and 1 this lovely valley would be deserted for many a j long day to come. Still, tbe company hadother mines not very far away ; they could start new I workings there, and use a good deal of the old j machinery. The miners, too, would . soon perhaps get work again; but they wonld be the I chief sufferers by my decision. 1 I was in very good spirits that evening, so that it seemed to me quite natural that every one about me should be wondrous polite, and even cordial. My host was overwhelming with his attentions, forced his company on me npon the slightest pretext, and grew eloquent as he | told me with gay confidence of his plans for his dear Antonio. His nephew, it seemed, was j agood fellow if ever there was one, only a little i too warm-hearted and too sensitive. Did he ; not seem to me a little sullen.? I confessed that he did. Ah I Sc I, too, "had noticed it! The poor fellow was in love, and all lovers I were despondent at rimes. And, would I be- | lieve it ? Antonio had actually an idea that I i did not like him, and he had such respect for me! — And so on. At last the old fellow be- | came so affectionate and so garrulous that I j was glad to get off with a promise to drink to j the health of his new enterprise, an hotel in a I neighbouring mining town, in a bottle of his best champagne. Everything seemed for the best in the best of all possible worlds as 1 lay back in my fayourite | lounge on the verandah, hobnobbing with the j genial old scamp, my landlord. The only j thought which troubled my serenity was that 1 Juanita had been invisible since the morning, and now the sun had set on my last days at | Palos, Would she take the trouble to see me off to the morning ? I I intended to go to bed early, worn out as I was by anxiety and hard work. Already the I verandah, which, I must tell you, ran all round j the house, was dark, for the house lay to the shadow of the lofty western peaks, and as yet there was no moon. A carious little heartache came to me as I thought that I might never see Juanita again. And while I lingered there to my dreamy, sentimental mood, half-listening to the landlord's endless flow of talk, Juanita, my Juanita, was straggling madly to escape from | an outhouse in the distant corral, pausing now j | and then to listen with sickening dread for the | sharp, dear sound of dynamite exploding to the i open air on the verandah — not this rime the doll report of touting among the hills ! " X have often wondered since that rime how it was that I did not more distrust the landlord. During the whole of that visit to Palos I had been oppressed by the thought of how great an injury 1 was unwillingly inflicting upon him. But this evening I had cast aride all suspicion, | and, but for being armed according to my habit, I had taken no precautions whatever; Diez might have been my father for all the suspicion j I then had of him. You may think it was the champagne, if yon like ; but I really believe I that made no difference to me, except,, perhaps, 1 to exhilarate me a little, and to make me j whistle a tune as I rose to take my candle and go off to bed. Diez had called for the candle; but when it j was brought, lighted, I noticed that his face was as white as skin of that sallow tint can become. I thought he was ill, and told liim so. He 1 answered not a word, though he ?eemed to try j to speak, hut took the candle with a trembling j hand and — blew it out 1 1 I said I was ready to go; but he pressed me \ to stay a little longer and take another glass of wine. He himself sent for brandy, which he gulped down at a draught, and sat in the dark ness quite still and apparently asleep. At last I took the candle ana lighted it. I tmmed to the landlord as I was about to go, and began to say something about my early start on the morrow. To my surprise, ne haa disappeared. I turned away and walked slowly along the verandah, the way I always went to my room at the back of the house. As I went I whistled the tune I had started before. I shall never j forget it. J The engineer ceased speaking, and remained a tow moments to deep thought. The absolute stillness of the night was awful to me to the j excited state of expectation to which I had been gradually worked np. When he resumed, he j spoke to an awe-struck tone, low but clear, and j as tf living those few moments over again. " I shall never forget it," he said; "the air I j whistled went like this/' and he whistled softly 1 an air I had often heard before. He was not 1 half through it when a piercing shriek rent the j silence of the night, then a heavy fall, and all j was still again. 1 The engineer turned pale, and seemed rooted j to his chair. I ran to the door, opened it, and j rushed into the hall, where he joined me at j once. The hall was dimly lighted by one lamp 1 near the outer door ; a gallery ran round it_ a 1 treat height from the floor. There a white | gure, a woman, was rising to its feet, and then another of those awful shrieks, and she rushed I with arms outstretched along the gallery. She I had turned the corner to our left, when a door opened close to where the woman had first fallen. It was a man this time, who glided 1 swiftly after the woman ; to his hand he held 1 something which flashed once, dimly, in the light of the lamp. My companion started, ran forward, and fired. The white figure stopped, but the pursuer still ran on ; he was near her now, when another shot rang out ; the man j fell forward and lay quite still. The following day the engineer introduced me to his beautiful wife, whose life he had certainly saved that night. It was from ner I j learned how that exciting soene was the sequel | and the completion of her husband's story. It j was Antonio, the Spaniard, who had met his , fate at the moment when he was about to take , his revenge, nursed now for two long years. He and his uncle, the worthy Diez, had, it seems, conspired to kill the engineer by means i | of a dynamite cartridge made to imitate the lower part of a candle. To this cartridge a I very small piece of candle was fixed with a j little gunpowder cartridge inserted to the top j of the dynamite. The whole looked like a 1 good-sized piece of candle. Two .or three minutes and the dynamite would explode, and certainly kill the bearer of the candle. 1 J nanita had discovered the plot, as, indeed, her 1 object for several days before had been to learn j what the miners, and especially her relatives j were plotting against the engineer, the man she loved. Unfortunately, she had been herself I suspected by her father, and shut up to the corral 1 away from the ton. She had escaped, but only j j ust to time to snatch tbe candle from her lover's hand and hurl it down into the ravine below, I where it exploded harmlessly before it reached the ground. I The happy pair had escaped to the convent, j and been married there ; but the excitement of that day had left its mark on Juanita. At times she wonld walk to her sleep, and go I through in fancy the scene she could never for-. get. But the shock of that other soene where 1 she awoke ou the gallery of the New York hotel I effectuallv cured her. Only her husband re- mained to remind her of the plot of the Candle- I end. — Chambers's Journal. j 