HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship "Mary Complon," of Bristol, Fngland, Was straggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the captain ex pected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This iighthouee nurked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they wore safe. Sure of his position, ho sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fear ftrt shock and went to pieces. Four men, in cluding the Captain, were saved. On reach ing the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse kecpor had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the,light." * Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. 1 Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall bo said of tho man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? " Yoit are-beyond human aid." These words w*»re said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? Kb ; for he might be wrong-and in any case lie had no business to pnt out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In .Tune, 1S80, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled, -'and," she said r< all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out iu a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful couch racked her frnme so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about tho house," she Bays, "I was so weak. I tried different remedies ond medicines without avail. I went to the dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed' you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. " 1 talked with two other physicians. The iast one. said, " Ton arcpast human aid" .'My heart sank within me, for I had five Hfcfcls children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love und care. I went homo and cried till t was sick. I hud no appntito and had lost ilcsh till I was I wrttf thin as a ghost. My mother came to see me and did not knew me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About tiiis time I commenced vomiting, and what 1 threw up was tinged with blood, Once I beijan to vomit at nine o'clock on Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. *'At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Soigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's, the chemist, in Great Gjrdcn street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped'the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crUSC, and by the time 1 had finished the second bottle X had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast, getting my strength back. Iam now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. " I should hava taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup soouer, but my husband was out of work and we hud only a tr.ile coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and ib cured me, bad off-as I was. AU my friends and neighbours know tho facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry" (Signed), Mrs. Aim Mills, 40, Bread Street, York "Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few mouths, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs, Mills would havo had no talo to tell. She did wrong to wait ono hour for any reason after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syt up had dona for her friend Airs. Wilson. 