Country Correspondence. BURRA, May 27. Things in general have been quiet here since tbe elections, and everything, even our only ' Major' has cooled down and is again running in the ordinary groove of every day Burra life. The most important matter is the state of the weather, which I am Borrv to say is causing some considerable alarm amongst our farmers and pastoralista. Rain is badly wanted, aad unless some soon comes a very serious outlook will be the result. What might have been a nasty accident happened here on Saturday last, when one of our local cab drivers ran into a buggy contain ing two youngladies, capsizing itand thro wing the occupants into the road. Fortunately neither was hurt very much. The new sale-yards belonging to Messrs Elder, Smitb, & Co., are to be opened at Aberdeen on Friday, when at the monthly market the firm will offer nearly 20,000 sheep and a large number of cattle. A serions amount of poison is at present being laid about the town for tbe purpose of poisoning dogs, several very valuable ones having given up the ghost in consequence. The town Council has offered a reward of £5 for tbe offender, but the cash cannot apparently ' catch 'em,' On the 25th, it being a public holiday here, several interesting sports were got up. A football match was played between the Burra Club aud a team from Petersburg, when the Burra's scored a win with 7 goals 7 behinds to one goal. The play was good all through, but it was apparent that the local players were too good for the narrow-gauge men. A Lacrosse Match was also played between a team from Adelaide and one from Jame3town oa the oval here, when the city men ' dished' the northern players by two goals to one. The engine and machinery is being fixed in the old smelting works property, where it is intended to crush the great heap of slag for the purpose of abstracting what ia said to be a payable per centage of copper. Should the venture be profitable a number of men will sood be put to work, an event which is really badly wanted here. The town Council intend to have another go at tree planting. I understand 1,000 trees are to be secured for the purpose. ? #i ? ijri&aaixuctt.;, Juay zocn. The public school football club recently played tbe Angaston school club, and made a draw of it, each team scoring one goal. Our senior football club played the Truros on Saturday week, and scored one goal to two — an evenly contested game. The Oddfellows here had their annual ball last week on Whit Monday, and having engaged a string band from Adelaide a splendid attendance in Scbluter's Assembly Room passed a pleasant evening. On last Friday evening our Institute Entertainment Committee carried out a very successful entertainment at the Old Nain Hotel Assembly Room, Daveyston. An overture on the piano by Miss A. Seppelt and Mr. O. Jacobs opened the proceedings, and then followed songs by MiBses Drink water, A. Schluter, H. Seppelt, and Mrs. Schraderj and Messrs. Drinkwater and Snmmerhayes, while Misses Drinkwater and C. Koch gave an overture in a capital manner. The farce, . 'Turn Him Out,' concluded tbe entertainment* and was given by the same Greenock amateurs who gave it ao successfully at Greenock recently. The various numbers were veil given, and splendidly received in most cases. Mr, H. Sohrader was chair man. 9- ? ? GAWLER RIVER, May 25. The monthly meeting of the Gawler River Band of Hope waB held on Thursday, May 21st, when a long and interesting programme was given by members of the Band, assisted by Mr. Miller and Miss Grigg, who rendered solos which were highly appreciated. The programme consisted of Chairman's address, solos, recitations, dialogue, and a reading, which were delivered to a large audience. Four names were enrolled at the close of the meeting. Owing to the unseasonable weather the seeding has almost come to a standstill in this locality. Bain is greatly needed as feed is getting very scarce also. 