' BETWEEN DRINKS. . o Nothing makes one so hot as cold treat ment. The - German Emperor Is no longer a young shaver. . Be sure your creditors (liko your sins) _ will find yon out. 009 Few animals can boast of so many good points as the porcupine. Tho Daily Broad has, wo should say, the largest circulation in the world. 000 The puppy that gets milk threo times a day is rearod in the lap of luxury. . Corn lias plonty of cars, but it an't talk much. It's altogether too husky. « 0 » " Keep your hair on '' is Ariel's advice to tho ladios. The chignon is coming. 000 Another wonderful thing from Texas. A deaf farmer recently drove in his flock and herd. According to all accounts there is no- ' thing very much amiss with Prince Dam- rong. When a man is out of spirits it doesn't necessarily follow that he's given _up the ghost. ' 0 m The average debtor is an accommodating cuss. Ho tells his croditors not to hurry on \- : his account. i Waiter (deferentially): "Soup, sir?" Fuddled Actor (forociously) : " No, sir ; loading man." I 0 I Democratic politicians, liko " Black," J believe that wind has a wonderful effect on j their canvas. 009 " The hand that rocks the cradle Rules tho world," tho poet sings ; But tho hand that clears the " kitty " Is tho hand that holds the kings. » Many a woman who " breaks into song " might be put away for burglary with great advantage to the community. 0 x 0 It is tho young man who boasts that he can marry any girl he pleases that gets left nowadays. He can't please any. 0 . 0 Iii French, beer and most other drinks arc rominine. This is probably because they arc prime favorites with the boys. w " Flattery is a thistle," says a modern ' philosopher. Perhaps this is why one finds it so difficult to sit on tho flatterer, 0 0 There are heavy-weight champions and light-weight champions ; but tho itinerant fruiterer holds the belt in the short-woight class. 0 0 0 Now that nature has given Jupiter a nine hours' day, labor agitators are won dering why this poor old played-out planet should wait. 9 0 0 It, has often been remarked' that the man who would have dono such- wondorful things if he had been there never gets there. . ' J 9 © -9- . For thoroughness of purpose the lady who insisted on black tea because there had been a funeral in tlie family takes ! a lot of beating. . 9 0 .9 Last week at a dinner-table a gentleman remarked that A——, who used to be given to sharp practice, was getting more cir- cumspoct. "Yes," ropliod a well-known .judge, " ho has reached tho superlative of life. He. began by seoking to get on, then lie sought to get honor, and now lie is trying -to get honest." A fat woman laughing is a creature to bo envied. There is so much of her that is having a good time. .9 9 0 The moon has been callod tho "lovers lamp." They use it in place of the gas in the front parlor. 0 . , 0 0 Even wliistling is hereditary. The fotfr daughters of Mrs. Alice Shaw are all whistling coonesses. 9 9 9 The peacock is an invoterato gossip.. It likes bo Bpread a highly-colored tail about tho neighborhood. 9 9 0 It 1b scarcely discreet to congratulate a lady on her birthday unless you happen to kuow she is under 30. .0 9 0 — The way to get a good reputation nowa days is to die.' -A. man is nevor libelled in the obituary column. 0 0 0 lb is past time when one missos the train, although it is difficult to seo whore the pastime comes in. 0 0.9 Another fatal parachute accident 3 Those Baldwinites are dropping off at an alarming rato just now. "Li Hi" is the name of the prosontKing of Corea. Attempts liavo been made to induce him to lie low. 0 0 0 s Boulanger was always a skilful adver tiser ; but ho paid a long price at the ond to got his name in big typo. 0 0 9 The Registrar's returns show that the joiners' strike has in no way interfered with tho matrimonial market. 0 0 0 It is said that a west-country farmer recently thrashed a thousand bushels of wheat and two tramps in one day. 0 0 - 9 ' Oh, fairest one in ambor tights, Ilovetheo.. Nay, dear, do not laugh, For I have spent nigh all my nights, A' worshipping your golden calf. m m 0 " So you have shaved off your mous tache. It must have cost you a great deal to make that sacrifice." " No, not very much. It was a Cd. shave." 0 0 0 The Boss : " I saw that picture of yours, Rox, when I was in Chicago." It ox : " What, that ' Italian SunBot ' I sold to old Porkrib ?'' Tho Boss : " Yes ; I guess that's the picture. But he called it 'The Groat Chicago Conflagration.' " 0 0 0 After offering his lioart and hand he was not content with a plain nogative, and thus interrogated his lovo : " I really believe, Tottio, you think that I am a fool?" "Oh, no, dear," sho replied, with a sweet smile, "I novor judge a person by tho way he looks." nt -r nnj-tr<r i in rm — Tottie ' is very fond of French. Sho says talking in Fronch shows off her shouldors to advantage. 0-9 9 The ohorns girl is a great mathemati cian. She multiplies our joys, divides Ota attentions, adds to onr cares, and sub- , tracts from onr incomes. — ' 9 -O O The Hortists "Don't yon think yon Imd hotter be wrapped tip in my coat ?" Gertyj " Yes. But hadn't you hotter put it on first ?" moo "Ah, piny a littlo beforo yon go, Pro fessor."" " I would liko to, Miss Fewclothes, / but it'sVrathor late, and I mlgbt disturb tho neighbors." " Oh, don't bother about tho neighbors. Besides, they poisoned onr dog last week." 4 9 0 Gabriel (to man at tho Celestial gate) — " Well, sir, have yon any fault to find with the way tho world has usodyou?" Man — " No, sir. I've had as good a show down below there as any man that over lived." Gabriel (asido) — "Ah, another circus man, by Jingo.! " 0 0 9 I would not bo iriy lady's glove, Thus lightly to bo cast aside, Hor bonnet, orhor gown, for lovo Liko mine wonld nearer hor abide, And yofc, I would not closer prass So closely that sho must domur, . But, oh, I'd bo hor bathing dress - And cling And cling And cling To hor. 0 9 9 Joethoipe (to policeman): "Can't you see mo across the street ?" Policeman : " See yen across de strate is it? Sure, 1 can see yoz a mile off." 9 9 9 "The girls Dr. Thirdly flirted with be foro lie married don't speak to him now." " What is the trouble ?" " The Sunday after the wedding ho preached from the text: "One shall bo taken and the others loft." ' 9 0 0 The Old 'Un : " What a terrible row there was when that fellow got among tho nuns and kissed some of them." The Hartiafc: "That'B just like women 1 He would have got all around if they had been patient and kept their tempers. Lord knows ho was doing the best he could." 9 0S Teacher : " Tommy Rooster, if your father cau do a pioco of work in seven days, and your Uncle Goorgo can do it in nine days, how long would it take both of thorn ?" Tommy : " They'd nevor got it done. They'd sit around and swap fish stories." s- "And you say you have a hundred souvenir spoons '. Didn't they cost you lots of money ?" . The Old 'Un : "Not at all. Tho waiter turns his back and I do the rest." 0 0 0 "Wliatover is worth doing," observed Billy, smearing another daub of green paint on tho Orfis Kat," is worth doing well." " It is," cordially assented the Boss, unexpectedly emerging from tho machine- room with a trunk strap in his hand and loading Billy rapidly towgvd the ," com posing "-room. 0 0 Sho's fair, there's no donying it, As any summer roso, Ilor lips aro rod as strawberries, Sho has a shajiely nose. I'd bo her willing, loyal slave, And bond beneath hor thumb, If, just while I am kissing hor, She would stop chewing gum. # 9 '0 Photographer: " Raiso tho chin a little, \- please." Old 'Un : "Am I all right otherwise ?" Photographer : " Yes." Gift 'Un : " Just want tho chin a little liigbor ?" Photographer: "Yes. That's all." Old 'Un :" Anything to accommodate you." Takes out bis false teeth, closes his mouth, and his chin comes up to his nose.l 0 -9 # J Our -Billy said to tho noighbor's little girl: "You know my dog Barea and' your cat Darling ?" " Yes." " Well, my dog had a piece of meat and lie thought yonr cat was going to tako it away from him." " Thought ! " exclaimed tho wise girl. " What makes you say the dog thought ? You know dogs don't think, they instinct." "Well," said tho boy, "I don't kuow whether ho thought- it or v/hother ho instincted it, but anyhow he killed your cat." i iiwgwmnmrf nr«i» mi » t n rr - r-rTrr-f.-,T7||-T/rr;t: " Lotties "He tried to kiss mo J How dared be Flossie (sympathetically) 3 " 'How could he?" 0 o «r Doctor-: " I believe yon have some sort of poison in your system." ThqRooStor : " Shouldn't wander. What vraa that last staff you gave ma?' - ; o 0 © St. Peter: " Who arayou?" Applicant: "A kumblo 'Texas rain maker. St. Peter: "Urn! You'd better apply one story below. They've beaa complain ing of drought there ever alnco tho country was pegged out.' 0 0 9 "The floor is very slippery, " she re marked when ho asked hor for a dance. " Do you think you could bold me if I should chance to fall ? " " I — I g-ites3 so/' he faltered, dismayed at tho idea; thon the light broke forth. " Como oat on tho piazza," -he whispered, "and. I can practiso for a while." 0 e "a A giddy bank clerk, Two weeks of vacation; A Ii 11 of a time, , Fi f fey weeks of. starvation. 0 9 9 The Old 'Un : "I saw Bob Orl tho other ovoniug, and bo's looking first rate." The Boss.: "Still hugging- tho same dolusion ?" , Old 'Un : "He was hugging a two hundred pound tart, hut she didn't look much liko a delusion." 9 0 0 SHE KNEW HIS CO OSAGE. " Wlia-who-what would you think, Tottio," stammered a Royal masher all of a tremblo, " if I should Bay I was going to kiss you? " "Woll, Freddie," 6he roplied, archly, 'I'd think you were joking." \- 0 9 Judge : " Have you anything to say why sentence of death should not b%" pro nounced?" . Prisoner : " Kin I say wot I please ?" Judge: "Certainly." Prisoner : " And won't you pronounce sentence until-I get through ?" Judge: "No." Prisoner : " Can I talk as long as I want to?" Judge : " Certainly." Prisoner: "Well,' Judge, you can jest settle y'rsolf down for a twenty year chat." » 0 ' 9 Drinks are a. shilling each at Croydon, Queensland, and u long soda and B. eightcenpence. Tho Old 'Un has calcu lated that a man with a thirst like his would have to win two Melbourne Cup swoops to live there for six months. 0 0 9 " How old are you, sonny ? " " Twolvo yoars old, Bir." "Yon aro very small for your age. What is your name ? " "Johnny Smith. My father is a baker in George-street." " So your father is a baker. I might have guessed it by your size. You remind me of one of his loaves." 0" 0 0 i Tho Boss : " I see your little hoys'liavo their hair clipped close to their heads." The Old 'Un : " Yos. I find tho fashion a great comfort." " Tlioy aro certainly cooler." " I was \iot referring to them, hut to my self. Wli.011 the boys are around the flies . sort o' divide themselves up and give me some peace." 0 #' 0 The man who fools around a male : Long after he's forbid— Alttio' he may not know it all, Will know more than he did. '0 0 9 Teacher : " Billy, man lias been called the 'laughing animal.' Can you mention some other attributes that raises liim above tho more brute ?" Billy: "Yes'm. He knows how to spit." 0 0 9 The Prodigal : " Can you tell me how to become a good poet ?" Tho Heditor: " Oh, yes 1 The very first thing for you to do is to die. All the good ones aro dead." 9 9 0 " Doctor, how am I coming on ? Do you think tliore is any hopo?" said a very sick man to Dr. Blister. " Your chances aro the best in the world. Tho statistics show that one person in ten recovers," ropliod the doctor. "Then thoro is not much hopo for mo'?" " Oh, yes, there is. You are tho tenth case that I have treated, and tho other - nine are dead. I don't see how you can liolp getting well if tho statistics are to be relied on." 