8 AM MORRISON'S EXPERDBNOES* "« T 1"! JT\ YV> Br FBAHOB'SIJ^M.U/{'; CHAPTER ixyil. Herr Moeer waswalktpg slowly jiqd .? ing deeply, when the clatter of horse's hoO£a' disturbed him. Someone was approaching riding furiously. ''! - " Der Teufel 1" ejaculated he, -seeming to recognise the rider. And when a little nearer, he emote his staff on the ground and aaid " Ya, ya, so is't!" Nearer still came the flying figure, with spurs laid on the horse's ribs, the bridle reins tight gripped. The old man's back was at the plantation ot close- set pines ; their foliage in the cloudy day seemed of sable, Bc&rce; tinged with green. His spectacles had fallen, his blue eyes shone, his silver beard glowed. . Strickland did not see him till well nigh abreast, then dropped his reins and fell back with something like a shriek cut short. Cut short doubtless it was, for the horse stumbled and fell headlong, shooting his rider far out into the road. Strickland's face was horrible when his eyes next opened, a deep cut on the forehead and the nose skinned, the ghastly pallor on his cheeks made even more intense by reason of the loss ot blood. And he was not aroused from his trance in kindly or canny fashion. Herr Moser had wiped away the blood, loosened the collar, and knelt now, looking down OR him, not unkindly, but searchingly. "You miserable wizard !" " And yet thou hast need of me." " By God! I wish I had died ere I had met you." " It might perhaps have been well, and yet I sinned not, nor even dealt carelessly." Strickland rose wearily and staggered over to the fence, bowed his head down on the rails fora while, then turned, andagain approached the old man, "Herr Moser, you know my doom ?" " Yea, and it hath instructed me of tliy sin." " Can you help me?" "If thou canst even now be true it may be." Whereat the other smiled in a sickly way, and said, " I don't think I have heart left to attempt to cheat the devil." " Nor craft nor heart to fight him ?" " Will you answer me straightforwardly; can this-this thing be ended ?" "I cannot answer, till thou for thy part hast asked thyself a question which I will propound." " Propound it then, in the name of God." " Nay, not now. Has therenotalready been too much haste? Get home, in quiet use such remedies and restoratives as thy own art may direct and thy ca.se require. And to night 1 will write and to-morrofr thou shalt read and consider. But answer me one thing, thou hast not' The Admonitions V " " I never read them. I will be plain and honest with you. I photographed them all, but having translated the process I threw the rest into the fire." "Ah, yes, it is true. Well, get thee to rest; for relief, if relief may be, comes not without labour and endurance." So they parted, and to his own people John Strickland's cut and bruised face was excuse sufficient for his fearfully woebegone appear ance and more than, ordinary moodiness. Yet on the morrow he waited with a feverish impatience the letter from Herr Moser, which arrived at noon, the Herr himself the bearer. The parson took up the professor's card. "As I thought Professor, and of what, pray 1 No degree and no status. An impostor beyond doubt I am surprised, John, this person lias the audacity to intrude on you again. Why tolerate him further ?" The letter was already in John's pocket and his own hand on the door as he replied, " Yes, the world is full of surprises. I am going to lie down for an hour. Don't disturb me, I might sleep." Thus ran the letter:-" I write this in the full knowledge that thou having unlawfully possessed thyself of the truths I concealed from thee, hast also used them, that thou hast dismissed him who was not thy friend from the body of his flesh, and hast thyself incurred doom which racks thee now, and, as thou rightly conjecture, it shall shortly slay thee. Thy life is fearful, and thou wouldsfc die, but that thou fearest death more. Thou wouldst gain from me relief, means of escape. Thou would'st ask is it possible? It is possible, if to thee reparation is possible. If thou canst overcome fear, if thou canst conquer selfishness, if thou canst discover within thee an honest love for him thou hast wronged, if for one moment only thou canst truly say, or-as thou and thon only of all in the world can understand, answer, 'Oh, friend whom have 1 wronged,! will aid thee, I will come to thee, I will listen with all my soul's strength, I will reply as beseems a brave and righteous man.* ' * Hitherto such answer has not been. Thou hast but lied away. Thou hast set thy miserable body to race with invisible powers ; thou art the haunted, the ghost-ridden man. Never for a moment hast thou considered the true nature of thy assailraent or sought relief along the path of duty. More than this I care not to write; think thou upon it, and if there be sufficient virtue in thee to frmit thee to hope, come to me at the house have named here at the hour of ten in the morning, and I will show all that may be." Perhaps it is unnecessary to say that John Strickland's heart did not bound with hope as he read that letter. He felt rather as the sinking swimmer who sees the shore a mile away; or rather gerbaps as the dying sinner above whom the confessor bends, declaring and revealing all the glory of' heaven, but all and always beyond the im passable culfs of" Believe and Repent." He understood well enough thfe task set before him ; it was to bring himself to sincerely feel & greater regret, earnest . solicitude for Sain than for himself Perhaps it might all be expressed by the very sitaple and familiar phrase, " To repent truly.*' It is not an easy task, as Witness the testimony of a certain King of Denmark. Nevertheless, he did not doubt for a moment that he would - see Herr Moeer and learn more. Thoughts of treachery, of fraud oame over him then, and the idea dominant in his mind was not the sacrificing himself to redeem his friend, but the actual sacrificing of another to save himself. ' Despite a few petty Struggles he was stall in thrall to this idea when at ten in themorn inghe Bfent in his card tS^Hterr Miiser. There' was no greetingVrtv either side. *'Be err in matters of fact Yon took the <»p»es: mastered the cyphers, rea-i the first an i the second. What of the third " I destroyed it.' " Unread T " Yes." " Yoa eobmittei your frietl to tne pro cess r "I did." " With full success T t ^ . " The body disappeared ntteny. "And vonV .. ., " 1 have sine* i-^en haantwi r>y ar. irsyiss^.e presence crhich rtn-J-rrs it iHifosaiC-.e I'.t -- to refit." . " And your desire is V " There can be bat on? item?.. Heir li^r under such tircoaBt&naes.; _ . " I shoaH say there woa*a t«"o aesir^s n&£cr&lly; allied." , __ , " Yes. of coarse. I sf: if po3siMf, desire to restore Sam Morn*:® to lite, but that seeme-d to me impossible. Ii he friends who re^uir*} aid in w.y way in wbtcto I coui'i make &j.;>aemeat. I worna sacriBce the whole of n>y :-.-rtsi.e. It is not much.. The o!d ixuia broke in on him nert^.y. " It is nothing, it is less thin nothing. Poor vretched he&rzless; creascre. hs* e yos icsioei nothing more than u»at - ^ oar tortune. «Hat can yoor fortcnedo for yo= now*, .-v re yoa not as a slave of theeree-is on the tnresuoki of death's d-.or. orer.c^ ail tnat be has practicalfy lost. for that which soil onW never brin£ - ^ onr jortctie, tfen me w..at have yoa that is now your own? Is your seif. yonr soaL yoor sentient consck-as being for one moment yoor ora V The answer was a proan whose terrible nf^atuecoate ix.-: <\--? mistaken- And as_ it . was nrtenfi L'r. John Strickland boned his bead on the table. so as. if possible. to hide thf- tr&rs; * hicfc strftafBtd down his cheeks. The oi l man vj~-. and placed a hand on fcis head, not onkirfiiy. " comession my }<e the nrs: step or. the lor.j road to re d^rripU 'r.. Now ii-.iei.. ? ?? This sir. si.i this futferinz had not been h&'ist tr-vi t'r.e :;r-r*. place been true. Voajrht real arc; abidin? can grow out of trtacbery. Bet thy sin had been sraali &n-i; th^ tntr**r~r^*r I .? !i»r h^Ht tiion not added on to treachery the unscrupuiouB and craei haste of creed, of gro-ed everywhere in T.'.ere v-as nocjiht bet self in thy rninc from tr.e bejrinninz. Self was thy feeif is thy L«eviL And more, it is thr:-3rr; the 5-ii tha: thou hast create-i that then: only canst snntr. Awaken no*- and tr.r>uCii I ioab; not it is a new ?rj-.'r.z,'- Ir rei-'r.T If thoa coul'ist love that friend triine as we:! as thyself, couidst feel tss rrse-r? ar. i as keenly as thine own. vr.u"'; not try fear oease instantly? What ooaldrt tiKt: drea<i ? Frvm what sbooldst t^"_ t; ^>ii .:tode on his behalf woold w niT^rie with natcral seii-conoem that thoo woai'ist seek closer commanio^i rather than U^at alf^o'cte feeverance which thoo drearoest o: at ireei voi- and whi-.h can never t-e. Rise i. littie higher, ioiiow rne one etep farther, lnacine tnat thoc ovul-ist love thy friend a littie :-rtxer triiii; thyseif. Ah ! the heavens open then, and all ;* easy. He **alkt*5 s»wi»y to u>?- window and looted oat across the r^ri:. Chikiren were playing and birds were hinginr. a!! the foliage.was piisterrr.p with iirrht." I:i theclaaes the grass carpets shone. " 0>ine Snther.friend." Strickland came to his side and stared with a blank face at the beaoty of the day. " There is one of the initial harmonies of natsre-canst orDprebendCanst feel it?" There was no answ er hnt a sigh, and both returned to their chairs. Strickland was first t<, speak. If yon plea.-^.. I will tell yon ^uictiy what I think, what I am prepared to do. I do not know if I can fall into the ways ?j{ thoogiit yoa seem to indicate. In my own way I do repent, and. so far as I nnderstand, I would make atonement. To say I cared for any other more than myself would be false and foolish, and, according to my ex periTtoe. contrary to human natnre. Dot I w.i: this. I wii! place myself in your hands. I ha ve already mentioned my fortune, which yon appear to seom. I will nin any risk, undertake any laV>urs-I will " " Crease, ceaw. cease !" came the old man's voice, nionrnfnl l>nt >itrong. " Canst thon not nnderstand that already thon hast entered on a path which is contrary to human nature? Wilt thou not endeavour to perceive that it is utter folly to atv-mpt to return, or to pro gress. by means which according to thy ex perience are in accord with human natnre ? Listen now. There is one way by which thou mayest escape thy )>ondage and restore thy friend, one which is in very direct accord with human nam re. It is death! Ay, it ia according to thy thoughtand thy reasoning. Kay! Look not so wildly. I meditate nought against thee. I^eft to thyself, thou will de liver thyself in that way soon enough. Nothing short of that complete sacrifice will serve or save thee in the ordinary way of life." The words were solemnly spoken as a death sentence; and never did judicial sentence convey more certain assurance of doom. " Hadst thon perased 'The Admonitions' in this matter thou wouldst have understood that the law, ' life for life,' runs farther than thou hadst deemed. Thou wouldst have understood also that truths of strange import nnderlie many of the doctrines or the re ligions of the world, and notably that which is the very essence or main-spring of Christianity-self-sacrifice. AH that is great and good, as all that is base and vile, depends on the true and U te false sacrifice of selt, on the one side self-abnegation, self- surrender, self saving ; on the other self-worship, Belf itmnolation, self- slaughter; yea, I may almost say, self-annihilation." " Now, when iirat we held converse in this matter which concerns us, the necessity of a perfect brotherhood of soul was strongly urged, and when in thine own way of fraud and falsity and deceit and madness thon didst robl*r-like follow the quest, charges of a like sort must have met thee in every page. All were unheeded, and'The Admonitions' were lightly thrown aside. Listen now and I will recite to thee what thou of thyself sbonldst have read." Closing his eyes he spoke slowly, as one uttering precious words not his own.. ; "For the nnion of body with l>ody and the eeoemtaon which follows is but the threshold the temple of life. As mind flashes on mind son revolving on son tn the greater dual systems jjgpdnces those energies whence worlds are wl tiJe vital powers which are strewn M. universe as the hoar-frost on ftat .as the sun with sun accords -yi^ aaght is to be advanced or mind with mind. And .opord is perfect mutual «rbioh self-sacrifice is at How can one man love him more ed spheres! Ah, at bp£joes, wbere out ftaivand no , jesnfle bis mbm .MV : And there is yet another way of access pos ? si We, which is br tbe union of two pare sools ! of men. Bet tei not oa« of the* two za sn? j earliest matter deceive the other, for the ; fiArrif** of hdl shili &y; their faith. And if \ either be false. both shall safer: sad if both I be false, both shall be destroyed-"' ? Herewith tbe professor halted in his re ! citai. and fixing his bo* eyes on I Strickli&i; s face, said "' Tboo wast lttef; ; and ye i«c»th hare suffered."^ ' Strickland was still so far from a reason able frame of mind that he whined rather than spoke,I only desire to know how we i<jtb can be delivered.1" The answer to this was a little while de layed. bet at length came in dry practical tones and without the tboa and thee which characterised the old mac's mote tender or ' pathetic utterances. " I will tell yoo plainly. ; Left to yoareelf you wooid now. and within ? a short tjme.&o; weaken yemr body with stima UntE and narcotics that TOO would yield to the spiriutal power which piagues yoo in one I of two ways, yoa would dekroy your own life j or you woakl become what yoor fellow-men i would term insane; yoa wili understand j when I say that all yoor utterances would; become so mixed as to be utterly onintel-j ligible. And that condition becomine in-1 tensified yon woaki fall into a state resem-1 bling peae-raJ paralysis*, and in a few months ! die. The moment erf yoor death would also j be the moment of yoor utter annihilation. Yoor spiritual power would pass to him to i whom it is forfeit, and though be might neverI mom or become re-incorporate on this j earth he should pass to intercourse and to j preparation whereby he might live and rise, j By what means I shall not say: I shall not. j indeed, explain anything. Knough for ro>a j that that is one way, and that its end is inevitable-sure. The other is the way of redemption-the way in which yoa might r save yourself. It is of course the way of self-j sacrifice. Yon coild never of yoareelf ad-1 vance one step in it, bat it may be that with j assistance yoa might possibly succeed. Yoa ' will know that under ordinary c: rcoinstances ! extraordinary emotions and impulses are j possible. The impulse of bravery comes at j times to the veriest coward. The impulse of j a true friendship may come to yon. And if! so. it will be in this way. I hate power,that j is I have knowledge, to aid your slightest J effort. Yon will fcurrender yoareelf to me ; absolutely; yoa will come with me . to that cave whence yon despatched the body of yoar friend- Yoa will prepare your self as yoa prepared him. Yoa will place yourself on the same altar, and L, standing beside yoa, 6hall await yoar sign to proceed *ith the substance Onucron. If then yoa can for one moment conceive, recognise, form an impulse of love towards him, of desire or willingness to give yourself for him, raise I your hand and instantly 1 begin that process j that saves'you and restores him." "And if that be impossible?" i " Then yon have yoar choice-anaesthesia and annihilation, or that other doom which ; yoa now approach." He rose with this, as if the'conference were ' ended, bat Strickland said, " Wait, wait; yoa will _ surely give me a little time' to think ?** | " Time! yes. Bat there is now no more to be said. And yoo have suffered much, yon have also wrought much waste in your phy sical strength through follies or intemperate excess. I should think it would be better for you to resolve quickly to come to me again , to-morrow." I " I will come to yon to-morrow at this hour." was Strickland's reply, and, parting without farewell, as they had met without, greeting, he made his way to tbe door and < the street, and to his own room at the hotel, - where for a while he meditated, a phial of morphia with a syringe, and an open bottle '. of brandy on a little table before him. j 