ART] NOTES. THE trustees of ?{ the New South ;Wales National Gallery have recently purchased from Mr. Walter/Lamb a picture lof the' ' Bass Rock,' by Samuel Bowes, an,.English artist of considerable reputation, now deceased., The scene is on the coast pf Scotland. ';î' ' ' # * *? Lady artists have been , very much eh* evidence lately in London. There are now three' societies in that city consisting* exclusively of women members,; viz., the Ladies' Art Club, the Society of Lady Artists, and the new '91 Art Club. The last named association held, its first exhibition in the June and July of this year, at which, ,we learn from The Artist of July, * With but very few exceptions, the works reach a very respectable level of execution, and nearly all show a most laudable anxiety to avoid the common- place.' We think it is rather to be regretted that lady artists should consider it necessary to form themselves in to exclusive societies. It would be better for themselves, and for the public, for them to challenge comparison with their masculine competitors. But after all, if (as Mr. Oscar Wilde remarks in his Preface to Dorian Gray) * all art is quite useless,' such matters are of little con- sequence, and we can but wish the ladies all success in their undertakings. *** The Orient Company's steamer ' Oruba,' to arrive here next month, is bringing several new pictures for our national collection. In addition to those of Hook, Linnell, and Leslie, which have been already mentioned in these columns, there is a line landscape by M. R. Corbet, entitled, ' Before , the Dawn, Perugia.' Mr. Corbet is well-known as an exhibitor in the Boyal Academy. * * * Some very high prices were . realised at recent art sales in London. M. A. deNeuville's * Les Dernières Cartouches,' an etch- ing of which hangs in the Black and White room of our National Gallery, fetched 7280 guineas ; ' Pastoral with Nymphs,' by Watteau, was sold for 7560 guineas ; while the highest price for works by living artists fell to Mr. J. C. Hook, two of whose pictures were sold for 1785 guineas each. * * ' THE TRIUMPH OF TRUTH.' On this page we reproduce Mr. E. B. Mackennal's « The Triumph of Truth,' the model awarded the only premium allotted by the trustees of the Public Library, Melbourne, in the competition invited for a group of statuary as a com- panion to the ' St. George and the Dragon,' by the late Sir Edgar Boehm. The design is one of striking merit, and is awarded high praise by com- petent critics. Truth is repre- sented as a female figure seated on a winged horse which is in the act of ascending, while Error, defeated, lies prostrate on the ground. An image of Vic- tory poised on an orb, and sustaining the laurel crown, is held aloft by Truth, and sym- bolises the triumph which has been achieved. All the figures are admirably modelled, and the group as a whole displays both vigour and artistic taste. * # MR. DICKSEE, R.A. Everyone who admires Bri tish art must have learnt with satisfaction that Mr. Frank Dicksee has been raised to the ranks of the Royal Acade- micians. We are happy to be able to give a portrait of this admirable En glin h painter, who made his mark * i, ' ^ poetical picture of. - tu ûlia,' a , beautif üL work full { of the .subtle har * mon y of' art. v One of the most sadly (impressive paintings in this year's ï exhibition at B urlin gton H o u se-;( The. Crisis' (No. 115) : an.anxious husband at the bed* of a. sick wife--is, by Mr. Frank Dihksee, and affords ' ', ample . proof that better . ' or more ' ( dramatic work may be expected from' t.lie brush of this . talented, artist. This picture has been purchased on'j behalf of the trust!- ' ' ees of the Mei- ?v bourne Axt Gallery, and we may there- fore hope soon to see it. r-o M. Bartholdi has just completed the statue of Gambetta, a portion of which, representing Alsace and Lorraine, was exhibited in the Salon of the Champs Elysees. Gambetta is repre- sented standing, . with his head, thrown back and both hands clasp- ing the tri-colour. to his breast-the folds of which envelop him. It is expected that the statue will be unveiled in October at Ville d'Avray, the lovely little suburb where Gambetta died in 1882. NEW BOOKS. THE CHRIST THAT- IS ,TO BE, a purposeless story written with: much thought, takes one to London in, its opening chapter^ the « Spring Festival . of, the year 2,100 % ?? . and is another con Mr. Frank Dicksee, The new Royal Academician. -. tribution to the * Looking Back , ward' type of fic ! tion, but written j from a.. totally d if I erent standpoint/ , London is np longer tbe Mart of the World, but is * haunted by. the ghost of her former j i commerce' ; her docks and weath er I worn warehouses i are falling into ruins. The British aristocracy, whose property in land has been largely transferred toother enterprises, follow- ed their money to Australasia, and the descendants of the great families are to be found * on the shores of the Pacific' The story in parts gives much food for reflection and it is cheering to know that the Socialistic revolution of the twenty first century did < not develop into san- guinary excess.' The hero of the story Alpha-is no other than the Messiah, who Mr. E. B.Mackennal's New Statue in the Melbourne Library-'The Triumph of Truth.* Visits this earth; for a to His final cpmihglto judge the world. MAKING HIS PILE,-by Justin Charles MacCartie, of Melbourne, is a colonial story of considerable power and interest, and relates experiences only too common in this country. It is , the old, old story of the too confiding and easily gulled 'new chum,' whose ancestors were gentlemen, and who,unusedto the ways of our ' smart' business men, soon falls a victim to their deceptions, and in New Zealand loses both his heart and money ; but all comes right in the end, and the discovery of a Victorian goldfield restores' tho fortune of an old family and our hero's finances, whilst hiB boyhood's sweetheart is discovered as a cashier in a Melbourne Coffee Palace. The book has a decided Melbourne flavour, and the writer is evidently an enthusiastic ad- mirer of Victoria and her capital. Take for instance the following bit of dialogue ' And what about the colony-Victoria ? ' ' Well, in my opinion, she is the colony of the group, and leads Australia/ ' I daresay you are right,' said Reginald, ' for there seems to be a surprising amount of go aheadedness and energy about this place/ ' Not alone that, but there is a solidity and stability about Victorian institutions that is wanted elsewhere in Australasia-things are more settled, and there is more wealth-in fact Mel- bourne herself is an extraordinarily wealthy and prosperous city, as you can see in a moment it* you walk through some of her numerous suburbs, and note the comfortable, and, in many cases, magnificent homes of her citizens/ ' I noticed that,' put in Vernon. . ' Everything looks solid and permanent, and gives you the idea that people anchor here.ï live, marry, bring up children, die, and otherwise do their duty/ ' They do all these things/ said Barton, laugh- ing, ' and seem to have got over the restless, going-to-flit-to?morrow stage of colonial life, and to look upon Victoria as their home, and to be VkWwifl nf ii-. ' 'Well, they may well be proud of it ; it seems to me to be a very fine colony/ ' It is a fine colony, and it is more than a colony -it is a little nation, with a Lilliputian army and navy, . and other institutions which show its readiness to accept the full re- t sponsibilities of a nation, should the day come when such a step will he necessary-there, my boys, I have just struck the key-note of Victoria's prosperity. It is her national spirit which sends her ahead; the Victorians believe in Victoria, and are prepared to fi-iht for her if occasion calls for it. This spirit, which is entirely absent from New Zealand, may pos- ai hi y be found in New South Wales and in the other colonies of Australia proper, but not to anything like the degree that prevails in Victoria, and this fact places the latter country on a distinctly higher level than the others/ ' And how about political and commet cial morality ? ' asked Regin- ald ; * they are not in so low a state here as in New Zealand, I hope/ ' Well, I have looked into these matters pretty closely, but of course am not able to speak with the con- fidence of an old resident ; and, from all I <"an learn, the public men of Victoiia have, as a rule, worked steadily for the good of the country as a whole, and with a wide and far- seeing eye to the time when . she would become a great nation, or part of a great nation, have founded her institutions on sound and enduring bases/ THE CONTEMPORARY REVIEW for July, just to hand, contains a most original story by Rudyard Kipling, which is, we believe, fouuded. on personal experience. < The Finest Story in the World' is ;the title. Sir Henry Parkes ; contributes an excellent article 'in support of Federation, which has bçen widely quoted in Eng; land.', Andrew Lang writes of « Robert Browning.' * Punch and his Artists' is the title of a short historical story apropos to the recent jubilee of that world-famed comic, and the whole number is one of unusual interest. \-- ( ST. KATHERINE BY THE TOWER is: Walter Besan t's last, aod by many Londoners it will be con- sidered hiB best, abounding in historical incident and adventure of the last century. Our lim- ited space will not now, admit , of an adequate notice. 