A L?E?ND OF "HA8UTED" GULLY. (B WILLIu. SYLVESTER WALKER.) . A UNTED Gully was . haunted no longer. The two original prospectors who had n.amed the place had been absorbed, and almost forgotten in the concourse of diggers, whose new log huts, claims, and constantly agitated windlahsses he spoke the eviction of the 'rgenus lci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the buried gold of this deep and densely-wooded ravine. French Billy had explained the early existing error attached to the locality, and I confess that th e hitherto secluded spot. was ritled of its charms as heldid iio. " You see," said he, with much excite ment. "those two fellows work like iiggers, two-tree-week, when they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty -too much-then come hack in the night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags-then they say the place is hanted-ghosts take away their things. Srcr; ! they ges drunk, that's all. Considering that Billy, on his tirst pilotage of myself to the Gully. had pointed out a swag reposing against a tree, half way down one of the sides of the great rift, where it had apparently been brought to a sudden stop in its downward career, and retlecting also that we discovered that same afternoon a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a pick-handle, at various points, and that when after infinite pains we had carried these articles an?d our own tools to the prospector's hut, half way up the other side of the ravine, we had been received with smiles and unlimited otlers of battle-axe, I came to the conclusion that Billy was right. As to the pros pectors, they didn't care. '['hey were on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thieves to scare away intruders. But sticking so constantly to the ir,, plea, wva :against 1thIi,. They were watched and the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of five had run up a substantial log hut, and were livinr in clover, retiring to rest in our hunks at night litenrally tired out, and--oh, delightful life--dreaming of unearching the largest nugget ever heard of. With the exception of never knowing whait Jemmuy, our new chum partner, would be up to next, our lines had :indeed chance I upon pleasant places, and when the pudding machine was finished we consider ed that we-lir?rhdJ- lie able to make plenty of tribute money, even if our own claiml tllrnedl out to be ia duffer. It was noin ?h?ecure, this looking after J.ennry. You couldn't trust himi to work for llore thur tenr minutes at ti tiimie withut fllinging down his shovel and rushing off like a maniac to wash: a prospect. I-e had alirady snt fire to the hut, and had demolislhed a valuable 'possum rug in his efl;rts to put it out again. H1- had boiled all the horn handles off our knives and forks, and had got bushed iine tihres, whlen all hands had to turn out with bLctle-lan terns to Lind him. Our tSundays were generally qluet, somerrtimes varied by a long pruspectiln walk with some experienced digger, who would read gold-sign in th nriln runlets like a book, and beguile the way with divers stories of digging life, and the evening generally saw our party, seated inr conclave, somiietilmes readlilrg, sonme times singing, but always ready to rush into the all-absorbing topic-gold-lind ing, at the slightest hint from any oner. It was on these occasions that our sanctumn would be invaded by diggers, with specinlens- nuggets, crystallised quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I remember seeing two sapphires that had been picked out of the tailings from the cradles, but we did not then know tire value, or even the identity of muany of the stones-all hands would gather round, and minutely examine them, and yarns would be spun of old days-D-en digo and Walhalla old days, until we felt refreshed and satisfied. At other times our Sundays would be uneventful until "Sauerkraut" dropped in to en liven them. Of course, Sauerkraut was not his real namle. No onne ever owned up to a real name on the diggings-" Bill tihe Painter," " Jack the Butcher," or " Swanhill Jfern," were good enough for us. We always answered to themr. I daresay solme of us forgot occasionally both christian and surname, or onlly surmised, in a sort of half-dnubting won dermelnut that we had once owned such a title, togethler withir a silk lhat ,and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far-otfi existenlce, as it were. Hans [Haupiann was trhe name given by hIris godrlfathler ailnd godmother to thire indi viduarl in question, but French Billy lind rechlristened hii, under thIe in tluence of uMartell's bnirdy, iand the cognorrmen haid adhered like sticking plaster. With all hiris quaint, foreign ways, Sauerkrnut was eloved in HIaunted Gully. No one could Inuk upon his friendly, honest Teutonic face, leaming upon everyone, without feeling a thrill of interest in the lman hlimself. Hel had only one fault, hie was a victim to deep sinking--not gold- mining though he had experienceda plethora of that also lbut hIe was given to suddien spasIII",liC outbursts of rhard drinrln:g. "It tout matter lboys," he -wouhl say, when remonstrated with Ily his friendls, who had pulled im ilIrouglh a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dlont matter, I haf none left in de vorldt to care for ore, and mein leetle fraulein she is ted, anrd the grass grow green above her grave in de Liebenwalde, I see mine fault as well as you, but it tout matter." Sauerkraut had worked his claim with varying success, always hutting, or in other words, living alone. Good luck invariably ended in a carouse, and he would emerge from a bout as one who had come back from the dead. He had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former he could evoke such sweet antl solemn strains, that his solitude was solitude no longer, and many a digger, p:assing his rude hut on the hillside after nightfall would pause and listen, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut was on the picolo again," stroll on in meditative mood.. l The other friiedl -?W7-i i 'roughL but symipathetic ddogliamed Schneider. As we turned away one night and de scended the-zigwag track down the gully the strains of the resuscitated man's flute stole gently on our ears and senses, the air, that sweet, pathetic, American melody,- Way down upon de Swanniee riber, Happy was 1. seeming to incorporate itself with the rustling of the leaves and the chirp of the tree crickets and to harmonise with the twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening until it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled and reckless license of an Australian digging c.uup. Apprehending no evil consequences we had left a bottle of three star Hen nessy for him to taper Ol, for Sauerkraut was niot a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered lie .would not touch the faltal beverage for months to gether. When able to shoulder pick and shovel lie always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sun days, his eye bright-and his skin clear. Even Schneider was a different dog on these occasions, and dictated and wrote out volumes of canine affection-ot the. door with his tail. The oiily apprehoe sfoii \,lhltiseem -,- exist in Schneider's, mind--for there is no doubt lie pot-' sessed one-was brought into' play by the sight of ia bottle. Then he shrank appatrently into his shaggy skin,, and be came more like a door-mat than a dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched t dram, after the first hospitable olter we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us,,and by desire would produce his flute and while away. the time deligIhtfully,.---Fraurtini,- to time' ?as the months and weeks rolled on he woull drop in casually, leaving some tintes a present of wild honey fresh in the comb, iat others, a wallaby or a brace of wild duck. About three months after the oci:a sion: to which I have alluded Sauerkrant disappeared, and it was conjectured thatb his wandering habits had prevailed 'upon him to leave the camp and prospect, in soume remote locality. Conjecture gave" pladue to certainty after a visit, to hi-i but, where it was discovered that he lurd taket :his 'guts, pick, shovel, and: swvag, leaving a note taicked to the.door cont:ai?iug the.following information in his well-known Gerlman characters: S.l...-t have b tte to prospect the Clove land Rantges atl.tnl't recl:kon to be Iack fur a fortuighr. The oi y way to these ranges lay through almost impenetrtsble 'ti-tree -scrub, so thick that a track niustbh cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one, even room to crawl on all-fours through it. But as we knew the traveller would not have to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey from Haunted Gully, so we felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friend. One evening, as we were sitting in cheery confabula tion, however, we were startled by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never before or since has there beetn such a dog. He was footsore, half blind, draggled, tnrt,, and bleeding. Finding that Sauerkraut did not turn up with him, as we expected, we became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appear ed strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, mnoaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. We fed himi. and hie devoured the food raven ously. Then he drank eagerly, but every ntwy andru then rushed to the door, and finally conducted himself in such an outrageous fashion that we concitled that some accident had happened to his master; so getting our bottle lanterns we let him out, late as it was, and followed hilt,. From our log cabin lihe went to his master's habod. Otce there, witih ,nos, thai caiiie s'iacity, ihe howled and rushed forward on the tra:ck leading away fromnt it. Then diashing tack anid ilbarking, hlie plainly showed us that we were to follow. We enmergedi from tihe gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the long dark hourson to a small plain. lciore us, kissed by the sun, Iay the Cl-eeland R:anges some ten miles oil: At the end of the plain, ti-tree scrub rose like a solid wall, stratchinig away side ways and ahead, as far as tihe eye could reach. The mist was rolling away it phantomi colutmns. and we kIew that thle work before us was no child's play. Schneider went s:raighit to the titree. For the next six .,lies we striutgled through a track fr.shlly cot in thit' scrub, in some places havi-lg to cr:awl for long distances; but at legtlh gettite through, stilf, cramped, Ilrui.ed, anid utterly exhausted, we camem to the waterslhed of a lovely creek, fringed" with floweriig eucalypti, abllaze with gorgeous parrots. The dog took us to a rude bark gnnyab. Inside lay Sanerkraut dead-a shot wound in his breast. In the stiffened fingers of his left hand was his pocket-book open where these lines were pencilled :--" I have accident nit my gun. I fall-she shoot me. In the creek look. It is ruby tin -there is thousands." Here the writ ing broke oil. Deaul had claimed his victim. And within twenty yards of the corpse, the gieaming laughing waters wantoned over the very richest stream tin yet discocered under this Southern Cross. What Sauerkraut |lul found, and perished in finding, proved to ibe a mine of sealthl to hundreds d diggers a.nd specul;ttors, and ou 'the teit, . here he died, a granite column, urrudt d by . an iron railing. hears t ,,veriprctt It is eedlsr L S; - 'tI w.' care of Schneider, h:it ttld Telaut choly pnrvaded his h:, :Lid he became: a changed dog, snoti re morning, on: going out of the. Ih:; I found him pulseless, cold, and s-iti inu the early sui. , rays. He had been faithfuiuntodeath. 