THE POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. Thk very name of the "Progressive Political League" makes some, of the members srjuirm as they si t oil their cushioned seats. Dr. Pearson is one of them. Hrunswick lias done with him for ever. Aud who can say that the countiy will suffer loss ? lie was Horry's body-servant in Berry's most violent days, and Gillies' hodcarrier while thu pile of bungliug was beiii->builded lip. n "VVrixon, too, is uneasy. Wrixon has never been mischievous, lie has been colourless. Hut the 1'ortlauders are tired of a political jelly-iish. They are organising a strong Inivnch oi the Progressive Political League, and it has been hinted to Mr. Wrixou that Portland means to have, a live, member. Winter, of the Trades Hall, will join Trenwii.h and run for l!,ichniond,but Bennett says ho is not. going to bo shuffled out, and his personal friends are legion. 'J'he House enjoyed t he scone on Tuesday night, when Mr. M'Intyre, the ideal Freetrader! had to go to Sir Hryau O'Loghlen, the advanced Protectionist, for counsel as to tin; best means of driving a tin tack into the stout sides of Federation. The two members fixed it up, and the tack was duly driven home, but Federation was only tickled and laughed. It is said that the Minister is going to claim an ex-ojjUcio seat on the new Railway Hoard, and that all deputations shall absolutely cease to the Commissioners, and be confined to (lie Minister, who will convey the requests to the Hoard. All the " <Jreen " agree that Federation is quite safe in Victoria. The Houses will pass it with overwhelming majority, and it is thought the country will do the same on a, referendum, The members naturally turn to Now Smith Wales,to hear Dibbs and Parkes fling IHUingsgate at each other. Hut Trenwith says that it doesn't matter a brass farthing now what Parkes says, as he is a political nonentity. JDeakin feels very much outof sorts where lie sits He is a fish out of water. He is no longer a colleague of Gillies. Gillies leads and he follows. For Deakin to follow Gillies is in Liberal eyes something like, a white-robed saint following an imp of darkness. Personal loyalty may go far ; but when it involves political disloyalty, it is stretching a sentiment to the bursting strain. That's how the Liberal members talk of Alfred Deakin. Hent says he has been very often "had." No doubt. It is the fate oflpolitical innocence, and of course St. Thomas of Brighton is a mere babe. Was there ever a case when Hunt was not " had " himself, but " had " others Never was there a more genial and happy member than Sir liryan O'Loghlen. lie is always serene—always courteous. Gillies asked him, " Wouldn't you like to be Emperor of ]?ussia?" " If he was," said a member opposite, "there would be one very kindly despot." Hilt mild as the lion, baronet is, he can say pungent things. He replied to one of Mr. Gillies' interjections, "The lion, member's calculations are unfortunate. He should rcuiember that when 1 was Treasurer 1 paid my predecessor's debt, and left a good balaiico behind „„.. ')')„, ]„,„. member spent other peopl,.'s balances and left his suecessor only a heap of debt." Truth is very stinging. Mr. Gillies said no more for the night. Mr. Muni'o converted a property-owner the other .lay fo I lie principle of one man one vole, " It is not fair." said the 1>. (X " Fairer than the present system, ar. any rate." "How sn?" " Take your own case. Von own .£100,000 worth of property in the city ami .SHi.iioo worth in the suburbs. You Imve two votes. liobinson, to whom y..\i were talking its I came up, has six houses in six suburbs, worth x200ij. Ho has six votes for his ,£2000. ;ind vou have, two for •CKilUWU, Tile ratepayers' roll, you see,, gives no kind of justice." "Well done, Host:" cliorussed the members, us the Fit/.roy member sat down after a good nervous, rattling speech in favour of Federation, llest, is coining, lie has the supreme advantage of being listened to. Why!' lleca-w^ he never speaks without something to say, and he says it well and earnestly. He means'what he says, and says what he means. Since Hancock fired his blnndorbus at bank and bankers his voice, has not, been heard. He sits dread'ully self- conscious playing with the ghost of a moustache that will not appear, and looking like a mail iu a strange suit of clothes. Poor M'Lellan! He is his old self. In the chair he is the picture of misfortune. The very first night he humped his head against, a standing order and the common-sense of the House, and bruised himself so much t ha t tho pain has not yet gone. Uis appointment was one of the Coalition blunders. It will never be repeated in a. new Parliament. Colonel Smith is looking qui to bright again. All the political bowlers arc shaking hands with him. There once was a comical Colonel, Who wrestled with morbus internal; For a t ime he soeiiieil cast JJ.v a wintry blast: Hut he's sprung up with organs quite vernal. As iie reads this he says it's infernal. Kunkht Hutchkxon- has quite taken Sydney by utorm with his artistic playing. The Sydney Press is unanimous iu awarding him unstinted praise, and sum up his execution as " simply perfect-." It is intended to have two more Hutcheson Concerts iu the Melbourne Town Hall, viz.. on Saturday evening, LStli July, and on Monday evening, 20th July. Wii have received' from the publishers the Newspaper Press IHrcelw-y of the United Kingdom, which is now in its Kith year of issue. It is a most complete work, and the. care displayed in its compilation must huvo been very great. It is well printed, and neatly hound in cloth. It is published by 0. Mitchell and Co., lied Lion-court, Fleet-street, London, 15.0. Mi:ssrs. Farrar aud Co. notify by aflvertiso : niont in another column that they will shortly receive from the well-known Glasgow firm of Greenlees brothers a consignment of rare old Scotch whiskey, the "Claymore" brand, of which experts in mountain dew speak in high terms of n'mise. 