CRUMBS. London Socialists run in. Depression deepens in Melbourne. Poor old George—always sat upon. Quite a rush of rain-producing theorists. Broken Hill rain experiments postponed. Fire not out in Brazil. Brigade retained. "Half a gallon of water per man per day." Russian Jews now forbidden to buy corn ! David Lindsay turned up another surprise. Tribe of one-eyed blacks in Victoria Desert. " Linda's Inheritance" concluded on page 4. Farmer Tom Playford ! Must be " intense." The affliction of the season is the strawberry fete. Is Mr. Kyes to make the first rain experi ment"; Not oven a "skeeter" in the Great Victoria Desert. _ _ ■ Pat is to get a Small Holdings Bill next I session. More troops sent to " conciliate" French strikers. The time has arrived for art in wine making. ... i Tbroe women aro living in the colony over 100 years. Our Great Victoria Desert is something to blow about. Fudundaites growling at not getting their | butter van. [ George preaching to the Pope is a trifle en tertaining. . , The politician carries with lum the trail of the serpent. _ _ . Simultaneous deaths of husband and wife ui royal circles. The lady who is 105 yearn old is probably not a native. Only 351 old fossils (not including M.L.C.'s) in the colony. Parliamentary interjections not allowed out | of the House. ■ A million and a half left by the late Duke of Cleveland. Horful massakre goes on daily in the Legis lative Council. j Salisbury's latest bride is quite able to take care of herself | If Adelaide is slow nt cricket, what must : Melbourne bo ? Melbourne woolbuyers placated ; treaty of eaoo accepted. New York boasts a smart editor whose age is but fourteen. Mr. Baker dismissed Lord Cacnugtou as a mere politician. Dr. Civil Law Way is likely to be made a Privy Councillor. Ebby objects to leave Grampus for a Debat ing Society affair. . j Shallowness of criticism on Lindsay is i speedily exposed. [ Mrs. Thomas Smith, of Salisbury, is a study in human nature. j Cession of Cape Cheik to France denied in Paris. Of course. . Mr. Sleath does not give a direct answer to a straight question. I Missing St-ratlmlbyn youngster not drowned; ' gone on the wallaby. j Additional flowers of the aristocracy at Government Houso. i New York Field eouM not " bear" tire corn, [ and his Bank failed. M.P.'s llowo and Grainger told to try and behave as gentlemen. i Emperor William now turned parson; ! shingles getting loose. I l'art XIX. triumphed at the expense, of Mr. Tomkiuson's election, Hon. Cotton's proposed Select Committee on | Moonta Mints shelved. ! Japs want more room ; might take over our | white elephant on terms. Hon. SarrmeMropns the Moonta miners are still "God-fearing men." Conspirators Giles and Thompson scut to Feutridge for repentance, i Hcnvy George trying to convert the old ! Pope to his single-tax fad. Blushing bride of Salisbury a match for ex Mayor Cohen on the stump. Comfort for tho defeated candidates—it is better to be good than great. Chinese crew replacing European on board the Australian ateam coasters I Sir William Milne's velvet glove does not completely cover the iron hand. Somebody blabbed about those defences, and Tom almost said swear words. Australian desert dwarfs rival Stanleys Great African forest samples. Joker Todd cautionod by "John Green Ark" to keep out of the clouds. German Eiaueror getting up a war scare. Grandma will b'ave to tackle Uiin. The old Tories wouldn't begrudge a first class funeral to the Grand Old Man. Cheering news from the Elder Expedition of pluck and uncomplaining endurance. A boon for tho summer—sixpenny return fares to all tho leading seaside resorts. Leo XIIL is not likely to undertakes diffi cult literary fence with Henry George. Sir William Milne will not have Assembly bad manners before tho Moonta Board. A one-eyed trilio of natives and men with six fingers and toes. Whore's Barnuvn Grand Old Man interviewed by Adelaide s little Charley Matters. Happy old man '. Auctioneer Matters has knocked down Mr. Gladstone's views ou Australian federation. Mayors Gurr, Sansom, Hammer, Palmer, West, Roenfcldt, Dairies, Wilkinson, Short. Tlie New South Wales tariff is enough to aggravate the Barrier people into separation. "On through & land ot ghost-like silence, where there was no sign of life in any form." Sir Alfred Stephen, the divorce law re former, has resigned as Lieutenant- Governor. British occupation of Egypt now a fixture by the Sultan's gift of Cape Cheik to France. Victoria Desert gins' spindleshanks the the kness of an ordinary John Ball's thumb. There seems to be a strong feeling now in favour of settling cases out of Court. Hear, hear. Mr. Butler exhibited moderation and tact in advocating better treatment of the destitute sick. It is easy to criticise an exploring party or a lecturer, but wait till the critics try to do as well. It is suggested that there should be synchro nous attempts to produce rain throughout Aus tralia. Australia has original landscape and lovely skies waiting patiently for artistic interpre tation. Railway Commissioners affirm that they are equipped with rolling-stock for the harvest traffic. There's a great deal to be said_ in favour of giving young Mr. Perkins a trial as a wine doctor. Hawarden Castle honoured—distinguished Australian posting up Grand Old Man on fede ration. Why has St. Andrew not been honoured by a Government half-holiday the same as St. Patrick! Hon. Samuel objects to the lialf-brick-and bucket-of-tar conciliation prescription. Never satisfied. Jim Quinton, who stole Josiab Symon's breeics, got five years extra for bolting from his lodgings. It will take a stronger arm than that of Lord Armstrong to clear the deadlock of the Labour Commission. Our Tom calls the one-man-one vote indi vidual demos. Isn't that calculated to provoke a breach of the peace ? An attempt is to be made to acquire a 710 r tion of Tapio Station, Weutwortb, for purpos 0 of an irrigation colony. Has Dr. Stirling gone homo to got a book by Lord Kiutore published—" How I Crossed the Continent of Australia." Our detectives did not get clues of the Piric-stieet and Imperial Hotel robberies. They got prisoners instead. Tiie sweet humility of the great genius Gladstone is shown by the interview lie accorded Mr. C. H. Matters. It is not new for a broken Bank to havo big overdrafts debited to shaky ens tome: s. What's South Australia's exjierience? Parliamentary small fry refused to exile themselves from the daily Press by taking from it the official " Hansard." Tiio only principle which stands out in bold relief as having me' with approval during the municipal elections is Part XIX. Judges, like Editors, should he allowed to comment for the public good without the foar of actions for libel before their eyes. Adelaide must be becoming a little too warm for burglars and other " professional" visitors of that ilk just now—thanks to our "D.s." There is scope for the boundless energy of Mr. •). Kdnie Brown in the five and half million acres of forests in New South Wales. The question is not what Tom Coward could do with Nurna Minna and a blackboy, but what he could do with a scientific equipment. It is getting fashionable to preserve Mayors in oils. Portraits on tablets of soft soap would be less expensive, and more sugges tve: Corporal Tomkineon calls upon the god fearing Moonta miners to repudiate Mr. Slcath's nostrum of half a brick and a bucket of tar. Mr. Tomkinson interprets Mr. Sleath's advice to the Moonta miners to meau maim or murder. What is the other side's view of the oase; Explorer Lindsay's camels travelled 550 miles through the Great Victoria Desert in 34 days with only three drinks of less than a bucket each. The Pott Corxioration talking to the Railway Commissioners about risks to life wliilo the wharfs continue unlighted, reminds one of Satan rebuking sin. Mr. Ward deserves a long rest at Grampus after the arduous labours of the session ; but the Council is not frequently honoured with his assistance in detail work. The members whom constituents should dcligbt to specially honour are not the wind bags, but those who patiently work in Com mittee to perfect legislation. That ancient Salisbury couple's honeymoon lias been sadly interfered with by some rather lively proceedings on the part of the roughs of that "usually quiet township. Lucy Ashton (Lucia di Lammermoor), the devoted, simple-minded maiden, the bride in a state of insanity, is considered the test rfile of the lyric stage. Suggested with a modesty that actuates those en the lookout for a billet for which tliey have not laboured, that the new Agent-Gene ral should be nominated by the Trades aud Labour Council! " Lucia di Lammermoor" (the Bride of Lam meruioor) bus been more frequently performed than any other of Dmiiv.utti'a aixtv-four operas. Originally produced in Naples. 1S35. Little Tommy loq.— " What strange trans formation is this that I hear? What sudden surprise makes the citizeus stare Pater— "The municipal wand, my enquiring sweet dear, ol a Bullock lias made a most excellent Mayor." ■ • " ll he wanted to turn up something about political acrobats, lie would refer to soinnof the speeches of Dr. Cokhunl when he spoke about the Treasurer. It did nut njattcr what the subject, might be, he was sure to see some thing entertaining. "--Horn. If lie wanted nice light reading ail he had to do was to turn up something under the heading of Castino; if lie wanted jnjetry lie need only refer to something under the head ing of Caldwell; if he wanted to know some thing of the virtues of tho Chinese it was only necessary to refer to some of the remarks ot Mr. Solomon, who said all that was necessary and more."- Horn. "If he wanted a lesson in consistency, ho looked up something with which the Chief Secretary was associated: if he wanted to know whether a certain thing was ' a stop in the right direction'hoii. members knew whose speeches he would refer to; and if he wanted to learn something about mental chastisement ho itm iicdup one of liis.owu speeches and said to himself 'Well. I must have been an ass to speak like that."—Horn. Fax.—You know that brother Jonathan boasts of his determination to Iiok the uni versal earth in every mortal thing. You just wait a few years ana yon will find him throw ing the gigantic Eiffel Tower, and evea the inmense bridge over the Firth of Forth, into ithe shade. Meanwhile jnBt listen to what that modern narrator says_ ahont the statue of liberty lately erected in New York Harbour. "The figure itself, without including the diadem, stands 105 feet high; but its extreme height from the feet to the npper end of the torch neld by the outstretched hand is 137 feet 9 inches. The statue is placed on a granite pedestal S3 feet high. To those who like to be told that the letters iu the inscription ' To es Fetrus' running round the interior of the drum of the dome of St. Peter's, at Rome, are as tall as a Life Guardsman, and that the pen held by the Apostle St. Luke in one of the spandrils of the dome is 11 feet long, it may be interesting to learn that a person six feet in height standing on the lips of ML Bartholdi's head of Liberty can only just reach the eye brows ; that people can jump with ease in and out of the tip of the nose, and each eye mea sures six feet from corner to corner." Fax.—I dare say you think the issue of banknotes is of comparatively modern date. Ididmyself until just now, when, without hunting for it, I stumbled upon the following paragraph Banknotes were first issued in China 2G97 B.C.! Originally they were issued by the Treasury, but experience dictated a change to the Banks under Government inspection and control. The early Chinese greenbacks were in all essentials similar to the modern banknotes, bearing the name of the Bank, date of issue, the number of the note, the signature of the official issuing it, in dication of its value in figures, in words, and in the pictorial representation incoinB or heaps of coins usual in amount to its faco value, and a notice of the pains and penalties of counter feiting. Over and above all was a laconic ex hortation of industry and thrift—' Produce all you can; spendwitb economy.' The note was printed in bine ink, on paper made from the fibre of the mulberry tree. One issued in 1399 B.C. is still carefully preserved in the Asiatic Museum of St. Petersburg." Fax.—You ask "how the dickens did our forefathers and foremothers manage to jog along before the invention of railways." And a hundred years or so hence our decendauts will ask " how did those semi-barbarians of the nineteenth century contrive to crawl abont without the domestic arial carriage now so common?" But "lookingbackwards" for a minute or so perhaps you will be surprised to learn that tramways were in daily use more than 200 years ago 1 Yet in a work published in 1070 the author says of the tramways of Newcastle, "the manner of the carriage is by laying rails of timber from the colliery to the river exactly straight and parallel; and bulky carts are made with four rollers fitting those rails whereby the carnage is so easy chat one horse will draw down four or fi ve chaldron of coals." Sixty-two years after this they wore made of iron. But the first great and extensive railway ever witnessed by even the man in the moon, was the Liverpool and Manchester line, which was begun in October, 1S20, and was opened September 19, 1830. Fax.—I suppose you think that for ovory bull made by John Hull the Irishman makes twenty, hut what will you say, my hoy, when I tell you that many of hi.s supposed blunders are the outcome and evidence of Paddy's superabundant, wit 7 Here is an illustration ready cut and dried. " A lawyer and his client were talking together one even ing, when the door was opined by a great hulking fellow, with bristling hair, staring eyes, high cheekbones, snub nose, and a great month with a voice to match, who protruded his head into the room, and roared out:—"If you plate, sur, there's wan a wantin' ye.r." "'Who is it, Tim?" "Three women, sur." "And arc three women one, you blockhead ?" " Only wan on uin ax'd for ycr, sur," answered Tim, grinning. "And could you not say so at the first?" "By dad, sur, it was the owld one o' the three ax'd for yer honor, but th' other two is mighty purty, and so I know'd they would he a great help; and that's the rayson. sur." , Fax.—If you suppose the ecclesiastical anathema of exeommunicationorig'uiatedinthu Catholic Church you are mistaken. The Greek and Roman priests, the Druids, a,nd the Pariah caste of the Hindoos had similar modes of black-bailing offending members who kicked over the traces. Moreover, the Jews had their own code for providing the con ditions which would expose a mem ber to the liability of being put out of tile Synagogue. But the Church during the middle ages converted its authority iu this respect into an instrument to torture more to be dreaded than the thumb screw. Monarch* on tlieir thrones shuddered on hearing its awful thunders roverbating from Alp to Alp. Gregory VIr. excommunicated Henry IV., Emperor of Germany, in 1077, and absolved bis subjects from their allegiance, and on liis death the Emperor's excommunicated body was five years above ground, no one daring to bury it. Fax. Fax.—November 30 was St. Andrew's Day. Tradition tells us that this apostle preached the Gospel in Seythia, the country lying to the north and east of the Black, Caspian, and Aral Seas (consult your atlas, my dear boy) and that lie (not my dear boy, nor that old newsmonger Tradition, but" St. Andrew) WttB crucified at Patree November 30, A. l). SG9, on cross decussate (shaped like the letter X). It is thus that he is represented in ancient paintings. You know (though lie may not) St. Andrew is tut; tutelary Saint of Scotland. And Sandy knows (though you may not) that the lnniuur was conferred upon him (St. Andrew, not Kandvl, in consequence ofHungas, a Victisli Prince, having dreamed that the Saint was to lie his friend in a pending hattle with the Northumbrians. Moreover he (not Sandy, nor the Prince, nor the Saint, bat tradition) tells us that St. Andrew's cross appeared in the air during the battle (with the Novthuu-.b inns) aud Hungus conquered. (In Imp. niiitio , !•«:: * Hceontlnf) Fax.—Some'vidy says " Little, minds are pleased with little things." ami ninre than ]oil years ago the author of the "Essay on Man" wrote— "lteiiohl the child, bv Nature's kindly kov Pleased w ith a r.ittle. iivklnl with a slum." But a greater than Pope or ev.-n ihan Mr. SoMielvidy writes—" Thin!; yon that n drop of water, which to the vulgar eve is but a limp of water, loses everything in the eye of the physicist, who knows that it elements "are held together by a force which, if suddenly liberated, would produce a flash of lightning. Think yon that what is carelessly looked upon by the un initiated as a more siiowllako does not suggest higher associations to one who has .seen through a microscope the wnndrously varied and elegant forms of snow crystals. Think you that the rounded rook, marked with parallel scratches, calls up as much poetry iu an ignorant mind as in the mind of a geolo gist, who knows that on this rock a glacier slid a million years ago." Right you ere, .Mr. Herbert Spencer. And you know, dispute we ne'er so long." "design implies a designer." Fax.—Now, my dear hoy, just " lend me your ears," as the camel eaid derisivoly to the donkey. If you are more than thirty-five you Lave turned the corner, and if you are twioe thirty-five be careful. The length of your (y)eare may soon feel oppressive. But just follow Dr. Richardson's advice when he says: —"When old age has really commenced its march towards finaldecay it is beat delayed by attention to those rules by which life is sus tained with the least friction and the least waste. _ The prime rules for this purpose are:— Tosubsiston light but nutritions diet, with milk as the standard food. To take food in mode rate quantities four times a day including a light meal before going to bed. To clothe wninly but lightly, ou thU the budy may at »U seasons maintain its equal temperature. (That's a puzzle in this country.) To keep the body in fair exercise, and the mind active and cheerful. (Another puzzler when shares are falling or you have the toothache.) To take plenty" of sleep during sleeping hours. To spend nine bouts in bed at least, and in cold weather to sustain the temperature of the bed rooms at 00° Fahr. (Bat now about the hot weather, doctor?) To avoid passion, excite ment^ and luxury." A11 right, doctor. Advice gintis. Pax.—Yes. Eclipses of the sun and moon were as numerous two thousand years ago as they are now. If you choose to doubt this just drop a respectful note to Air. Todd and he will give" you an affirmative reply. But rc the great solar eclipse mentioned by Phlegon and Eueebius as having happened in OL 202.4, the calculations of Hodgson, HaUey, Whiston, and others prove that it occurred on November 24, A.t 30. Phlegon, who lived in the second century, wrote a "History of Marvel lous Things," and says that the day was changed to night at the hour of noon, that the stars, were visible, and that an earthquake overthrew several edifices at Niceas, in Bithynia. Hence many writers of the last century identified this eclipse with the sujper natural darkness "from the sixth to the ninth hour" at the crucifixion, which, however, occurred in April. The eclipse referred to was total between Cairo and Jerusalem for aboub two minutes only. 