THE DOCTORS SHOOK TIIKIR HEADS. "I WOULD give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollon (£200,000) la a deal of money, but he was not able to by tbe artlole even at that price. Mr. Thomaa Gaakin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, 1B not BO rioh ft, many, being agardener, buthewasreadyenoun to give all ne bad for one thing he hadn't goth Here is his story and he ah all tell it in his. own way. .Mr. Uaskingoes on to say : Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours* work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst i living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my ap< i petite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick aud sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to . fill up1 aud my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a groat deaf, chiefly a yellowiah-green phlegm. I had a raoking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at tbe nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and abort of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six week.. "I then went a* oat-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for afx months was very little better. I got ao thin that I wn like a ghost walking about, and tny friends said it was all up with me. For eigh, teen months I kept getting better, then worse and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I oome to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an 'in door recommendation to the Derbyshire In firmiry, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were fall, and I saw my club dDctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' Fou are in a galloping consutnption, and winst die; the'other dooton, after sounding mylungs and chest, said nothing, but ihaok their headt. " Getting a trifle better my old master, allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then .would be away for a few days. Thlnsswentonlikethls until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I waa timefas much as a teacujpful at onoefand was qfravl to goto »!etpforfiar the phlegm would ehote DM. At this time the whites of my eyes tamed yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lins and mouth wen dry and parched and 1 often broke oat into . cold clammy sweat. My tongne was like a Sieceof brown leather, and I oouldkeepnotfaiag own. I lost over a stone weight in tlywe weeks. " I managed to get up for a few boars at a time, but was ao weak 1 had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. £ waa always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, waa never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and waa so nervous I couldn't bear tbe leaa't noine, and the children at play quite upeet me. "The doot&r; kept on attending me, but he said,' I can do you no good ; I am only jnteh you tip, because your lungt art diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I oould hear of. One thing was a cough eure from London that cost 22a. a bottle. But nothing did ' any good, and my friends who came to aee me aaid, < WeH, yon wont cough much longer, yon hone merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neigh bour named Joseph Tatham, who works in tbe pajjermilla, Darley Abbey, ealdtome,' Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigH'tSyrupf and told me howbehadbeenouredafterbeinginthebospitat. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith'B Stores in Viotoria Street. After tbe first dote I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I waa able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a 'fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, as I teUevervone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup bad saved my life. I oommenoed work at once, and have never lost aday*a work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for eix montht I waa strong as ever in my life and have continued ao ever since. In giving his consent to the publication of tliis remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters tohimorto Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is ac quainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gas kin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from whtoh he suffered T Not gaUopinf Consumption cer tainly (at one qf the doctors thought], or he could have galloped into hie gram & ten than three months, instead of growing worse for seven yeara. His complaint was chronic in flammatory dyspepsia - (or ohronio gastrlo catarrh) whioh hu lung symptoms like oon ; sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tbe right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used tbe .disease yielded, as all diseases of the digetlite tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gastrin on his reoovery, and commend the facte of his case to all thinking people. 