OUR LONDON LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, February 13, 1891. Whit Mr. Timothy Healy calls "the Boulogne Tomfooleries" have ended as mart shrewd persons throughout predicted they would—in nothing. Mr. Parnell procrastinated till even the patient Dillon and the Unfairmoae O'Brien oooldetand it no longer. Thenjastas tiii pair thought they were •bout to triumph antly conclude the negotiations the discrowned king's demandi became utterly impraotiaable, and the parleyiogi were finally broken off, Both Mem. Dillon and O'Brien addressed manifestoes to yesterday's papers. In these they renew at length their own action ai peacemakers, bot give little real informa tion with regard to the treaty of conciliation proposed. Whatever this arrangement wm "it wm wrecked." Mr. O'Brien tearfully whimpers, "by contests aa to words and phrases, contest* which with • little more ■LSgnanimity and a little leu eospictotuness on both sides might easily have been avoided, and wbioh to my mind offer a shockingly inade qnate exense for oommitting the country to a struggle im olving eonaeqnenees ao appalling." Mr. Parnell himself publishes a letter of •fiected regret, in which Mean. Dillon and O'Brien ate loftily patronised, and tbe ex leader expresses bimtelf mildly disoomfotted by the outlook. Amo?gtt the promising young men prepar ing to enter the nert Parliament is the Speaker's son. Mr. Robert PeeL This youth addressed a very noisy meeting in Bast Marylebone the other day, durirg which he was continually •'heckled" by rowdies. At latt a cockney, attracted by the whiteness of tbe candidate's dress shirt, yelled " Where do joo; 'are jer shirts washed 1' The ready reply waa "I have always been taught from my earliest infancy, and nave always practised in my matnrer years, tbe rule of washing my dirty linen at home." This tmut retort tendettd the meeting quite good tempered. The Jubilee Plunger was cheated out of vast •tune at cards. Sir Geo. Ohetwynd relates that at York in 1887 a ehrewed old turfite came to bun and said—" Ton had better warn Becron not to play cards with (naming a well known professional backer). He means to make a di-ad set at bun; I heard the beggar aay so." Sir George eaid be was sick of advis ing Benzon. He IncKe promises aa fast as he made them. At Huntingdon aome daya later the same person came np and said to the baronet —"Well, what I spoke to yon about baa oome to pats. After the races yesterday did get hold of that fool Benz m «rad eased him of ten thousand pounds," Sir George went to see the Jubilee next morning, and found it was quite true. That was the occasion npon wbioh the baronet recommended Ben/on to throw the balance of bit fortune out of the window. Poor old Joe Oapp, for many long years one of tbe best known racing reporters, died at Hastings last Saturday. He talked broad Yorkshire when excited, and the Pink Un (to the eteff of which he belonged) contained many Mninring stories of his peculiarities. The inner history of several turf scandals tranrpiret in tbe coarse of Sir Geo. Ohetwynd's rntertainins; volumes of racing reminisoenoea. Your readers may remember, for example, the talk there was after the Cambridgeshire of 1884 eonoeming a large present of £1,000 alleged to have been given Wood by the owner of the winner, Mr. Joo, Hammond. Wood waa not on tbe latter'e Florence in the race, but on her principal rival Sandiway, and as this mare ran very badly nasty things were afterwards said. No one could understand at the tune why Sir Geo. Ohetwynd persuaded the Duke of Westminster, or rather his manager, Mr. Grotvenor, to let Wood ride. We now learn Sir Geo. Ohetwynd bad a double event bet of 3,000 to 10 8b Gatien for the Oesarewitch and Sandi way for the Cambridgeshire, and baring won half the battle was naturally anxious to secure the whole. He put Wood on £300 to nothing, and Mr. Grosvenor added £300 more, so that a win would have meant £500 to the Jockey. Mr. Hammond (if I rememberarigfat) declared bis £1.000 gift wm Wood's share of certain bets yon over the Oesare witch. Apropos of the aoco?ation that Archer pulled Galtiard in the Derby of 1883 in order that his brother's hone Highland Chief might win, Bir George aaya be doesn't believe it. He bad more money on Gatliard than be bad even before betted on a bone, and be is quite certain that owing to his beavy shoulders the colt could not act down bill, and lott more ground tban he could ever make op. Woods daring race on St. Blaiie in this Derby, when be stole a couple of lengths at Tottenham Corner at the imminent tbk of bis life, is warmly own mented en by Bir George, who nevertheless tet?iSto share tbe impression of the joikeya concerned in the finish and moat of ttaa on lookers (bar tbe jodgt) viz, tbat Highland Chief got np in the last few ttcidea and won by half a length. Sir George Cbetw* nd waa well in with the Baltazzi confederacy in 1876 6. and won a pot of motey over the viotories of Ki'ber. a better bone, be considers, than even Ormonde. I notice, bythebye tbe horse tbat wins a man ttott money is always " the beat horse ever known." To this day lots of turfites aver the defeats of Beodigo by Minting and Ormonde were the consequence of "poor oli Bendy" being "a bit off," and that fit and well the Irishman would have beaten either craok. Tbe Boulogne bookmakers (t c, tbe English list men stationed at Boulogne) must make handsome incomes out of the craze fortdouble event betting. In an experience of SO years. Sir Geo. Ohetwvnd can, despite an extensive acquaintance, only recall aome half a dozen instances of doubles coming off. The most remarkable be mentions was the well known one of Count Jaraezewtki, who took £10,000 to £100 about Bobert tbe Devil and Tjuoetta for Oesarewitob and Cambridgeshire, and stood the bet out Business at the Prineeses Theatre has been just good enough to pay the heavy CTpensm of ••Antony and Cleopatra* (tbe salary list is £1,000 a week), and no more. Mrs. Langtry baa therefore determined to keep ooatamet, &c.; freth for New York, and replace the revival with OoghWa"liM)y Barter," a three act conredy (played in one scene) in the course of which tbe Lily will display her dexterity with foils, and fight a duel. Three hundred persons are employed in "Antony and Cleo patra," " Lady Baxter" will require eight. Mr, Jno, Woods, son-in-law of Ralph Lumley. is the author of the new comedy due at the Court on Saturday next. It was yester day christened *■ The Volcano." Piano's new piece now in rehearsal at the Garriek Theatre is called « Lady Bountiful." MiM Kate fiotke and Mr, Forbes Robertson play leading parts. The temporary improvement in the business at the Shatteabury Theatre which I recently mentioned bat not been maintained, and to morrow tbat interesting but unlucky play "The Pharisee" wfll be withdrawn, Toe author is much to be commiserated. Produced at tbe Haymarket or Garriek with a young and capable actress like Miss Olga Brandon, or either of the autera Borke in the chief character, the piece would have run a year or more, Tbat estimable but minytiidaa lady Mrs. Lancaater-WaUia spoilt it. One couldn't take any intonrt in the fortunes or misiortunet of a raw boned and faded elderly female with • p?i"fc?"y hysterical temperament. Mrs. Lancaster is now going to do what she should have done long ago-^retue. I have not seen " Maid Marian,** the new comic opera at the Prince of Wales 1! Theatre, yet, but judging by the uuananimously favor* able notices a aueeesa has been scored. The libretto seems to be a somewhat involved version of the popular story of ".Robin Hood." Mr. Begd. de Raven's score, however, must be quite out of the common. The composer baa for a ooneiderable time been recognised aa • coming man in the States, but this is the first of bis works pU } ed in London. It seems fall of captivating melodies, and altogether original and attractive. But I can tell yon more when I've beard the music myself. The robust style of Mr. Charles Warner is just suited to tbe romantic sole of " Monte Oristo" at the Avenue Theatre, though it would be better perhaps if the dear fellow were not quite ao stout. In the prison aoene, where Dantes lies waited bylong years of suffering and privation, Mr. Warner's well nourished, cot to say obese, form rather spoils the illusion. The Avcaue'ajversion of Damn's masterpiece may be described as a aeries of melodramatic shocks, lint it does not go badly, and on Satur day appeared to please a fairly representative audience. Miss Millward is the heroine. Reports differ as to the business being done atltbe Kosal Ecglieh Opera. The mono of " Ivanhoe" is, some say, too good (i c., beyond tbe understanding) ot your "average tbeatre- Boer. Furthermore, be rebels at lps. for a stall and 3s. 6d. for the pit. These prices may bave to be altered. ...?„. Tbe " Lights of London was revived at the Oljmpia on Monday. WiWon and Geo. Barrett rreDmiDgtteir original parts, and Miss Wini fred Emery replacing Miss Eattlake aa the persecuted hero'a wife. Mr. Barrett, to auer tain whether there is any backbone in tha abrardlbten enzi. means to produce "Tua Pillars of SoeUti" and "Ghosts" at a aerie* of matinees. Plating old comedies as roaring farces has succeeded ao well at the Criterion that Ota*. Windbam daringly proposes to treat the "School for Scandal" in this light heartel fashion when "London Assurance" ceases to draw. That, however, won't be yet awhile, for the house if crammed eight times a week. Fanen's MSir Hwoourt, 0 GiddeoVa "Dolly Spanker," Cyril Maude's "OoaV'end Wynd bam'a " Dazzle" are certainly the beat the pre test generation has teen. On the other hand Mrs. Bernard Bcere'a " Lady Gay" is certainly tbe wont. A second seeing leaves no doubt whatever of **■■« An interesting aeries of atticles on " Popular r-bptra" is appearivg Jait cow in Peangta't WecUy. wbioh I oootider on the wbde t&'o most «Blcrp>i«ii>R wd original ot ?c "snipped" p^ywot^. The firrt populatpaper dealt with by JYft?~«<?? wae naturally ste editors old friend Tit Bit*:- then came the gxthange and Wart, and then lhe 'Star. The artiJl? en the latter conUined aotM cdiryuw statistics, aa for instanoe that on the day «f Mrs. Fearer's execution the circulation pf this popuUr "h'aporth" reached its bigbeit figare, viz, 356.000. The largest issue of the Stir ever pub lished was its Ohristmaa double nomber, of which 526.000 were sold. E*oh copy con taining eight instred of four pages this was equivalent to 452.000 ordinary Stirs A hundred and ninety three and a half miles of paper were used for this num ber. Mr. feanon'a marriage competition baa after all piovtd a failure. Mita Hill, the lady prize winter, *v introduced to six specially selected suitors and interviewed eaob several times, but she c uld not make up her mind to fiaally t«ke any .d. of tliem " lor better orwor<e,'?ndat the -i>n ..(? r «cr*l weeks with dtew from the cuepct'tv3 "he e<*it9r ahoold then have proceed «*> ci-ct a wood lady, and place ber in c mmnnioation with the six pr;re rent*, bat ?r tbu be blanched. The cf?oli?tioD« with Muj Hill bad not merely out him eod;eiw tiou., bot £200 in coin, The fxpe-nees t>f tii« pt>z- <;>-nt« bad to be pud, whilst they were, -<■ to fp?«k, under offer. Some came from tbe f*r north, others from liteds and Laverpotil. All stated at hotels for more or lets time, and enjayed themselvei royally at Peatsoa'a ott. So wonder the poor n<an resolved not to begin this sort of thing again. Be has instead started a honeymoon prize of £100 (ohich will be competed tor annually), and which is open to all engaged cooples anxious to get married. A cxraoon will be found in tbeeix ensuing numbers ol Pearson's and upon it readers are invited to in scribe the names of any engaged ooaple whose olaims they favor. No subscriber may sign more than one coupon, and mutt add the name of the shop or stall where he or she bought the paper. The couple who secure the largest comber of recommendations win the prize. The conditions of this competition are very in genious, and will. I imagine, benefit the paper's circulation materially. The firtt number of Black and While hid a very large sale, but I don't think it will .do established properties much harm. - The second number of thwne's Strand maga zine is an Improvement in point of read ing matter on Ko. 1, though I still rcitdoubt the policy of translating bo voluminously from foreign sources, Its features are a well written story, by MaeJaren Cobban, called "The Minister* Orime;" a short tale from the Busman of Poakin, entitled "The Pistol Shot;" capitally illustrated articles on "Xfce Mint;" "Xbe Thames Police,;' acd "Actor's Dressing-rooms;* and • continuation «fthe interesting ♦'Portraits of Celebrities at Different Times of their lavas," altogether a respectable aupennyworth. Unfortunately to send .you people at the antipodes either this magazine or the Eewtte of Bevicas eoeta a'sbiUing postage. Both are sold retail in Jjondoh at 4}d. a copy. The first volume of the Whitefriar's Library (a nicely got up 2s. 6d. eeries) is " Essays in Idttle," by Andrew Tiang, a number of scratch papers (some new and some from old maga zine*) on ltamas, Stevenson, De BanvUle, Thackeray. Dickens, Banyan, and (of oourse) Kipling. Mr, Lang's style ia oot equal to Mr. HenleyV, whose "Views and Reviews" will generally perhaps be considered the cleverer book. Bat Mr. IJang's taste and judgment can more safely be relied on than the younger man's. He's mellower, New novels include Mrs. OUphanfs "Janet." "The Maid of Honor." by Hon. liewis Wingfield. sad "He Fell Among Thieves," by Christie Murray and Henry Qerman. Amongst cheap edition! X «an commend "Golden lines." by Fredk. Wicks, a well told and ingeniously oonetraeted atory capitally Olnstrated, Mr. H. S. aferriman'a "Prisoners and Captives'" ia a most disappointing novel. It begins, after a thrilling prolocrae on a plague strisken ship, highly attractively. The hero and a Dumber of enttnuiastio young Bnssopho bists elaborate a desperate but ingenious scheme (or rescuing a party of exiles detained in Biberia. One fancies the book ia going to ten the story of this forlorn hope expedition. Chapter, however, follows chapter, yet the rescuer* dont (tart. Instead the hero, the beroue, and heroine's friend prose insufferably on any and every con ceivable subject Finally at the close of the third volume the ship expected to do so mneh actually does get off at last. She is never beard of again. As for the unhappy exiles, two terrible chapters describe their fate. These, however, are so well done that we oan tee if Mr, Meatman had chosen he might have elaborated a really txciting atory of dinerian travel and adventure. 