ACCIDENT IN THE BAY. SAILING BOAT SUNK—ONE MAN DROWNED. An accident occurred in the Bay on Tues- day last, resulting in the drowning of a young man named F. Gregory. It appears that the Gitana, a well-known 18-ft. centreboard sail- ing boat, which has won many races in her class at regattas, and owned by Mr. S. Sandberg and others, was out on a ten days' cruise. The boat left town on Boxing Day, having on board a crew of four. The Gitana was in charge of Mr. S. Webb, besides whom there were on board Messrs. Ishmael Moss, G. Thomson, and F. Gregory. They steered for the southern part of the Bay, reaching as far as Swan Bay. They left there on Monday morning intending to make their way to Sandgate, where a regatta was to be held on New Year's Day, and in which it was intended that the Gitana should com- pete. They camped that night at the Canaipa Passage, near Russell Island, and left on Tuesday morning with a north-east breeze. Between 2 and 3 o'clock, when off Coochie Mudlo, a squall blew over the Bay, having the effect of capsizing the yacht and precipitating her ocoupants into the water. As there have been conflicting accounts in circulation regarding the accident it may not be inappropriate here to quote Mr. Webb's own words in his narrative to our re- porter last evening of the sorrowful occurrence. "We left Canaipa Passage on Tuesday morning," said Mr. Webb, "with a fair north-east breeze, canvas double-reefed, bound for Sandgate. It was our intention to call at Bird Island for dinner. As it had been our intention to run at Sandgate Regatta, the boat was equipped with all the necessary racing gear. It was our intention to beach her at Cabbage-tree Creek so that the boat could have an opportunity of drying before the day of the race. When we were between Coochie Mudlo and Bird Island a heavy squall struck the boat between 2 and 3 o'clock. The squall was one of a very severe nature, and it was evident that it would be too much for the craft. Conse- quently the mainsail was taken in, and an attempt was made under jib sail only to i mi the boat before tho squall to Bird Island. As she was being brought before the Wind a heavy gust struck her, and sent her nose under the water as far as the mast. The sea pouied in on all sides, and the boat was soon swamped. I knew very well that the chances of the Gitana weatheiing the gale weie very temóte, and at once began to lighten her by removing pieces of ballast. We bad not pioceeded very far with this, however, when the boat went down, and we were left flounder- ing in the water." Pursuing his nairative, Mr. Webb (who resides at Paddington) said, "The sea was breaking over us for a length of time aftoi tho boat wont down. Wo oould only see ono another on the top of the waves. I told those who shared in my misfortune to keep close together in ease of an accident. Gregory seouied a heavy oar from the wreckago, and I think he ought to have done better if tie had only tried to hang on by it. I seouied a portion of, the locker, whioh was only about 9in. wide" 'and about 2ft. long. It floated me comfortably. The rain was falling in blinding sheets and with suoh force that it nearly cut our backs. Before the squall we knew our position, but while the rain was falling we could not see a speck of land. Assuming our direc- tion, we started to swim towaids Bird Island. One of "us looked round and missed Gregory, but I did not swim back to look for him as it would have boen impossible ^ tp do so in the face of the heavy sea and tide'.'' We swanson, keeping.: well i together, jujitil we leached Bird Island. After reaching Bird Island we got into ák'oat f romDuhwich and towed over the course wo had. swüra, with the hope of picking up Giogory, but we oould not find the least traco of him. We picked up the oar that he had been using. No trace of the boat either could be found. Wo went back fully two miles from where the oar was picked up, and we knew that if he (Gregory) had been floating we could not have missed seeing him. Not being able to pick up any trace of Gregory, we went to Dunwich, whete we stayed for the night. Wo went over the same giound on the following morning on the way to Cleveland, but could neither see any trace of him nor the boat." Webb says it is a most singular thing how Giegory got drowned. " I never," said our informant, "saw a big, robust man go like that. My opinion is that as the sea was breaking over him, it buried him, oar and all, and then he must have let, it go to get wind?-and oould not recover it agfùn. We did. not -,csee jany"" sharks hrïhe course that ,we_ swam. All _ through the passage was"-full of blubber fish. At Christmas there usually aré sharks in this" locality, but we did not ses any. I do not know Whether Gregory was devoured by sharks or not, but it is just possible that he might have been. It would be almost correct to aocept the theory that the deceased sank through fear, and that ho was not able to recover himsolf." Referring again to tho boat, Mr. Webb said, "She floated for eight or ten minutes after she actually swamped. She had airtight com- partments, and it was thought that she would float with the portions that were not burst. We were two and a-half hours in the water." Gregory, who had recently received a remit- tance from home, stayed at a boarding-house in Main-street, Kangaroo Point, owned by a man named ^Taunt, or Cant. It had been his inten- tion to shortly leave Australia and return to England. The shipwreoked men returned to town from Cleveland last ovening, having been biought to the latter place by the Graziers' Butchering Company's boat plying between Dunwich and Cleveland. A Skibbereen correspondent telegraphs that a syndicate of French miners have purchased the interest of the present lessee in the copper oie mines at Goleen, County Cork, for the sum of £20,000. The mines are also believed to contain gold and silver in paying quantities. In a recent number of Igdrasil a very in¡ teresting account is given of the will of the late Mr. AUan-Fraser, under which his castje at Hospitalfield is to become " a monastic biotherhood of painters, sculptors, and literary men," as well as a trial school for young artists. Thirty young men are to be ."comfoitably lodged, boarded, and clothed" on condition that they bind themselves to study art for four years. Hospitalfield is farther "to provide for the comfortable maintenance and support of aged and infirm piofessional men, and those who from physical defects are incapable of supporting themselves in comfortable circumstances, being painters, sculptors, and literary men (thatis, men who have devoted the greater part of their lives to literature as a profession), and all vfhQ, when engaged in their respective professions, were men held in esteem for their moraVconduct as well as for their artistic or literary talents." Six trustees, all well-known men, are duly ap- pointed for the carrying out of thi3 benevolent pioject. Mr. Sidney Colvin is correcting the proofs of the new book which his friend Louis ßtevenson has written at Samoa. It is called " The South Seas ; a Becord of Three Cruises," and con- sists of a series of letters, each complete, deal- ing with adventures, economics, cannibalism, criticism, ghosts, dancing, and the language, manners, morals, and customs of the dusky peoples whom the author has visited, and among whom he has chosen to live. The serial publication will commence in England in the new illustrated weekly, Black and White, and the letters will be profusely illustrated in that journal with drawings made from a mass of most curious and novel material supplied by Mr. Stevenson himself and his stepson, Mr. Lloyd Osborne, who is now in London superin- tending the work. It is likely to prove one of the most singular books of travel ever pub- lished. f MonW Saved.-Great economy in using Btjp-ell.s Is. 8_. and 2s, teas, as one- half the usual^piantlty is only required when ten minutes ia allowed for the infusion. Next door but one to the general Post Office.-[ADIT.] "J-Btfoltkeoper, with thorough knowledge of all CustoipS,,banking, general mercantile mattera, disenjjSged. .Cor-meroa, office of ihis paper. **< 