Wxt ffiotp- c <SLtller* THE AVENGING HAND. A SERIES OF TBRILLING DETECTIVE STORIES, A SERPENT'S TOOTH CHAPTER I. OS THE W'TST PIER. R.y SIB GILBERT E. CAMPBELL, Bart. Author of "The Mystery of Mandeville Square," "A. Wave of Brain Power," &c.;, &c.; • ' All London was out of town, that is to say, that portion of society whose doings are chronicled m the papers—not the common fry,whose jaunts are confined to a week at Margate, or three days at Southend, in the sweltering heat of July, who, if they do not visit their own or their neighbour's ancestral halls, only bend their steps to the more select watering-places, where their own class most love to congregate. Tlie first days of September had passed, 'and the crack of the breechloader rang over the stubble, while the pheasants in the adjoining plantations listened uneasily, with the gloomy anticipation that in a brief space of time their turn would come to:'die themselves for the amusement of the lords of creation. The Queen of English "watering-places was very fulL From the more ancient mansions in Kemp Town to the new stone 1 palaces which have risen up so rapidly of late at Hove, Brighton was filled with a dense crowd amongst which the permanent residents were utterly lost. The hotels were full to overflowing; the King's-road looked like, an alley -in • Vaniy fair, -whilst the_ Directors of the West Pier began to have serious misgivings as to whether the structure, strong and well-built as it was, could bear .the weight pf the countless, multitudes who thronged its gates, under the warm ray of the sun, or beneath the silvery beams of tie moon. : The strains of the band had just died away, and the lights in the windows of the houses, wh ch stretched so far along the coast-line, had begun to twinkle as a lady and gentleman entered the pier gates, and went slowly towards the upper end. The lady was a little fair woman, very -plump and well developed, with her diminuative person tricked out so gorge-, ously, that she seemed like a plate hi a book of fashions which had just come out for-a walk. She was talking volubly to her companion, a stout, heavily-built .man, some ten years older than she, but dressed with as much attention to the dictates of la mode as the lady .herself. "There is 710 useiu grumbling, John,"' said she; " there is any amount of time for the partridges,-and I tell you plainly that I should:die of ennui [if I was to go back to Loamshire before we could, get .our party together. Doctor Penrose Skeffington said that I should die if I had not a little ozone, and he ought to know,' for he attends'all the best people- in the town." "But it is so awfully dull here,?' urged her lmsband. "I don't know a soul, and I look such a fool, when you' are uodding to every .other person you meet, while 'they stave at me as if they wondered who the deuce you were lugging about with you—as I daresay they do. : ' - •'.••"-• i "That is your own fault, John,"answered the lady. " You should have come up to town, and not remain behind muddling your brain oVer turnips and all sorts.of horrors* aud then you could have come about with me and have, really enjoyed yourself." . Sir Joitn Copston coughed a little dubiously, as though going about with his wife was not liis highest idea of enjoyment ; but., like " a wise man he held his peace, and liis wife continued. " I only want a week or ten days more, John, and then I am quite ready to go back to .Copston Hall, though the place always affects my nerves. I feel that I am iitted for a society woman. Heaven help her! she will want to set up for- <a fashionable beau+y yet,"'- muttered Sir Jplin beneath his breath. : "Eh, what is that von are saying?" broke in the lady sharply; but before. her. husband could invent a sufficiently plausible falsehood, Lady Copston released her aim from his and -ran up with both her hands extended towards a-gentleman who was slowly cbming down the pier from the opposite direction. "What, Manvers!" exclaimed she. "Captain Manvers! why I thought you were grilling away in Calcutta, or Bombay, or one of those dreadful places they send our soldiers tot" The gentleman she had accosted, who was a tall, handsome man with his cheeks somewhat bronzed by the Indian sun, responded cheerfully to Lady Copston's greeting. 1 " I am delighted to meet you," said he. " I am home on leave, and do not think, I shall go out again, for the regiment will be home before my time of liberty expires." :" Well, Copston, are you not going to speak to an old friend?" he added, stretching out bis hand towards Sir John, who was staring at them in some surprise. "Of course I am," returned the worthy baronet, "but I am BO unused to see a friend in this butterfly throng that I was quiet dazed. Well, how are you, and how have you been getting on?" ' '."Oh, fairly,"answered Manvers, "I have just got. my majority, and my liver seems untouched, so that I -suppose I ought to congratulate myself."' '" Major Manvers," murmured Lady Copston approvingly, "the alliteration sounds well; a literary man told me that alliteration was the soul of composition, at least he was not exactly an author, 1 but he had often had thought of sending articles to the magazines, and once he'wrote a letter to the Daily Semaphore about a subscription for supplying postmen with pancakes on Shrove Tuesday; though I velieve.it did not appear. '"I should think then that your friend's favourite literature must have been the pages of a dictionary," replied Manvers with a slight smile, "but tell me hew long have you been down here." =" A week," answered Sir John, with a lialfsiippressed yawn, "and precious dull work I have found it I can tell you." 5 " Well, we must .take pity upon each other," returned Manvers,.with a bngrht smile. "I only came down here yesterday, and as I have been away five years : I am almost an outerbarbarian ; lioWever, I dm sure that you will be kind enough to enlighten my ignorace?" " I don't know a soul here," replied -Sir. John, ruefully. "You must go to Lady Copston if you want society gossip ; by Jove,r she can reel it off to you for hours, and compress a dozen cases of libel into a ten minutes' conversation." -Lady Copston, as usual, had not been paying attention to what her husband was saying, and now broke suddenly into the conversation. '"Oh, exclaimed she, laying her hand, upon Manvers'arm, "I quite forgot you have-come from India, major, and of course you know everything about everybody there ?" "My dear Lady Copston," said Manvers, aghast at the statement,'" I assure you that you give me credit for much more information than I really possess. We only know the people in our own district. It may have been different in former times, - but now our acquaintances are much limited." ' "Well, never mind," said the little lady. "But tell me all about the Ghoul-; for, of course, you know him ?" "The Ghoul!" repeated Manvers. "I— really—are you "sure about the name, which seems to ine to smack strongly of the Arabian Nights." " How* can you be so absurd," answered the lady. "Of course that is only a-little sobriquet which \ve. apply to the creature in question. Did you ever come across a certain Doctor Hesselton during your stay in the East!" -A slight flush rose 1 to Manvers' • bronzed cheek at the mention of the name, but he answered calmly enough— "Hesselton! Do you meau Langton Hesselton V Yes, I lielieve that is the creature's name," answered Lady Copston. "I told you that you knew every one. Come, let us sit down, ahd Jyou shall tell all' me about him. How lucky it was that 1 met you. Quick, or I shall die of suspense." iSheied-the.'way to a f«at, and the two men followed her, Man vers with a smile upon his faice at her eagerness, and her husband with the expression of a man who. was well accustomed to give in to a woman's vagaries. ,'*Come," continued she, as soon as they had ensconced themselves'comfortably, "and let me know who and whatieis." "That is the man we call the Ghoul," continued Lady Copston, as soon as she felt that she could speak with safety. "Now tell me •-all about him." . ' " I do not know much," answered Manvers, slowly. "Dr. Langton Hesselton did not belong to the service, he was attached to the Court of the Rajali of Oranipore, a man of great wealth, but strongly suspected of being disaffected towards the British rule. The doctor had obtained a great deal of influence oyer him, and was looked upon with much suspicion by the authorities. He never, however, gave them a chance, and if he had any designs he carried tliem oiit in the most inscrutable manner. After the death of the Rajah he left Oranipore, and as I find him located here I may naturally supjiose that he returned to England." "And is that all you have to tell mef exclaimed Lady Copston, in a disapi>ointed tone. " Why, I knew myself that he had been physician to some native prince : but it is about the girl I want to know. Can you give me no information about her?" Manvers hesitated for a moment, and then he began. "There was a certain amount of mystery attached to the young lady. She was believed to be the only legitimate child of the Rajah. She did not live in the palace at Oranipore, •but in a bungalow in tiie Civil Lines, whmv she was surrounded by even- luxury, whilst v.i> expense was spared on her education. H< r father visited her occasionally, seemed fond of her, but all was envelop! in mystery. When the Rajah died the doctor went to the authorities and produced documents which proved that he. had been appointed guardian to the ypung Haaee_ of Oranipore, and that tlie Rajah's last wishes were that she should travel in Eurcpe for a few years before -returning to take up her sovereignty. There was no liaw to be loulid in the document, and tlie Government had to yield, though I think there was a strong desire to confiscate the Kingdom, which had always been looked upon as a hotbed of rebellion. Anyhow, the doctor made arrangements for a Regency, and disappeared from Oranipore, taking liis ward with him." "What did the Rajah die of!" asked Sir John, as Manvers ceased his narrative. " He was bitten by a 6nake, and died in an hour or two," replied the major. "And what is the girl's name?" demanded Lady Copston. "Heera," answered Manvers, "it means diamond ; is it not a pretty name—but hush, here they come again. As he spoke the tall figure of the doctor came slowly down with Heera resting upon his arm. " I don't know very much about him," begasi Manvers, when Lady Copston pressed his arm, whispering at the same time, "Hush, here he is," as a tall figure walked slowly up the pier with a girl hanging upon his arm. The pale beams of the moon imparted a ghastly look to the features of the man, which were evidently always.of a very pallid hue. There was not an atom of superfluous flesh upon the face, and the skin seemed to be drawn over the bone without anything between; the eyes, which were dark and piercing, seemed at times to send but scintillations of. fire^ and the moustache and beard which flowed down over the chest were of snowy whiteness. The frame, though perfectly erect, was so spare as to suggest tne idea of a skeleton, and the hand which grasped a heavy bamboo walking cane, more resembled the claw of - a bird than anything appertaining to the human body. He neither looked to the right or to the left,, but walked steadily on, not even exchanging a word with his companion. The companion of this strange figure was a very beautiful girl rather darker than the usual fun of brunettes, Bnd that luxurious wealth of black hair, which showed that she was a native of some warmer climate than chilly England. Her hands, feet, and whole figure were small and equallyproportioned, but there wasa look of sadness about her face, as if even at her age life had lost some of its charms. This strange' pair passed the Copstans and Manvers, and took.a seat near to the band in a sheltered corner. " You are not angry-with me are you," they heard her say, as sne looked into the pale face of .the doctor, with an expression of intense anxiety. ".Angry with you, my child," replied langton Hesselton. - " Have you not a perfect right to act as you wish. I am-only glad that you have exercised your own judgment; but. let this lie a warning to you, do not act so hastily again. Remember that in the midst of life we are in death," : His voice was inexpressively sweet and melodious, and there was a charm in liis r-oc-ents which few would have resisted. . • "And when we get home you will destroy it', will you not," continued she. ."You know ; that we are never to part again, and that all I have is yours." I " Did I not say just now that life was uncertain," said the doctor in his sweet tones; "we may part sooner than you think; but be at ease, J will destroy it to-night." As he spoke the girl uttered a half-suppressed, cry. - . "What is it?" asked her companion. "Nothing, nothing," replied she hastily, " something pricked my arm, a pin I suppose, though I cannot think how one could have got there." • A weak circulation and poorness of blood sometimes produce such pains," answered the doctor. '"Come, let us take two or'three -brisk turns up-and down, then we will return .home." ' ~ ' The proposal seemed to please the girl, but rafter a time, though Manvers. and ;his companions eagerly watched for them, they did not, return. - ""Gone, I suppose for tiie night," observed Sir John. " Well, of all living skeletons he is the most successful I have ever seen. Come, my dear Manvers, you will take pity upon me and smoke a cigar at our place, will you not ?" The little party rose and sauntered down the pier; but as they reached the entrance, they '.saw the doctor and his companion.' The moon shone brightly upon the pallid face of the man, making the darkness and fire of his eyes apparent. He said a few words to his companion wliich they could not catch, and she at once quitted his arm, and began to walk to the other end of the pier, whilst the doctor passing through the place of exit, moved slowly in the direction, of. Palmyra-square. "This is very strange," remarked Lady Copston. "What on earth can she be going to do. John, this is all very mysterious. I must see thte end of it. Come along, .major. The slight delicate figure flitted on in the moonlight, and Manvers more than onoe fancied he detected a slight tremor in the walk. The tall figure of the doctor could be seen proceeding slowly on his way, as though he expected that his companion would rejoin him shortly. Once he turned and gazed back, and as he did so Manvers shuddered at the baleful expression of hatred, which he fancied he could detect on those features which gleamed in the moonlight with all the pallor and rigidity of marble. "The Indian g^rl moved on to the seat, which she had before occupied, and stooping beneath it appeared to ' be seeking . for something. Apparently she discovered the "object of her quest, for rising to her feet she was about to return -when she suddenly passed her hand across her face, and sat down" in the same place she had previously occupied. "Well, I am not going to 6tay here any longer, John," observed LadyCopstan. "Are you coming, Major?" • "2fo, not yet, I think I will stay a little and see the end, answered Manvers. "Oho, sets the wind in that" quarter," returned the lady, with -a short laugh. " Well, -we are are late people, and you will find us up. Remember we are at the Bedford." As soon as he was left alone, Manvers turned again towards the sitting figure^ which did not nlove a muscle. The band had departed, and the company were doing the same, whilst some of the officials had already begun to extinguish \- the lamps. An irresistible impulse caused the Major to address that motionless figure. "Pardon me," said he, raising his hat, "I have had the pleasure of seeing you at Oranipore. Are you aware that the pier mil shortly be closed, and that all visitors must leave it." No reply, save the sound of the rising wind and the soft tap-tap of the sea against the support of the pier. Manvers moved closer and repeated what he had said. Still no reply, and growing a little impatient^ he laid his hand gently upon her shoulder. As if this touch nad been all that was necessary to disturb its equilibrium, the motionless figure slipped sideways, and would have fallen to the ground had he not caught it in his arms. As he did so his hand came in contact with the cheek, which was cold as ioe, whilst the form, which had been a little time before so full of lithe grace, swayed helplessly in his grasp. A horrible suspicion came over him, and -regardless of what hie did, he placed his hand upon the girl's heart. There' was no pulsation, and the terrible conviction forced itself upon him. that the Ranee of Oranipore -was dead. CHAPTER IN THE REPTILE HOUSE. Hardly knowing what be did, Manvers placed the dead girl on the scat, and hastened to inform some of the men who were still loitering about of the terrible occurrence. In a few moments a little group was formed round the figure which huddled up in the corner of the seat presented a helpless spectacle, which was inexpressibly piteous to gaze upon. The pallor of death was distinctly visible, even upon thedark skin, and the eyes which were widfe open, had in them an expression of surprised alarm -rather than any look of -agony caused by a sudden snapping of the silver cord. "Why, it is the black lady who lives up Palmyra-square with that old chap with the long beard," remarked one of the men. " Where can he be, I' wonder. I have never seen them apart before." By this time .. the helmets of a couple of policemen who had been apprised of the terrible occurrence appeared beyond the outer circle of the spectators, and pushing through it the functionaries of the law took possession of the motionless figure on the seat. "Do you know her, sir?" asked one of the constables, addressing Manvers, who was standing gazing with a horror-stricken countenance upon the sad sight before him. "I can hardly claim acquaintenance with the poor girl, returned the major. I have seen -her several times in India; she is the daughter of the late Rajah of Oranipore." "She lives in one of the large houses in Palmyra- square." remarked one of the bystander;, "with her guardian, Dr. Langton Hesselton." In a comparatively brief time an ambulance was procured, and the dead body of the unfortunate girl removed to her guardiau's residence in Palmyra-square. The next morning all the local papers had sensational paragraphs, relating to the strange and fatal occurrence 011 the West Pier, and in due time these were copied into the great London dailies. A Coroner's Jury was summoned, and several medical men who had made a post-mortem examination of the deceased deposed that there was every symptom of snake- jwisoning, but as venomous reptiles were not usually found upon the West Pier, the Jury returned au onuii venlict, and the affair ?unn passed away from the ri ir:c's of the Brightonians. Dr. Langton II. Hesselton apjieared to be overwhelmed with grief, and aiter the funeral gave up the great house in Paicyra-squarc. 01 which he was only a monthly tenant, aud wended his way to tlie gieat metropolis, where he wgs lost among the teeming myriads of " Modern'Babylon." Ma-or Ivianvt-rs, however, could not shake of: the unpleasant impression which the affair had caured him, ;,nd when he closed his eyes he could see the dark, deserted pier. Then, out of the darkness the dead figure of Heera would .eeein to start forth from tliesemi- rezumbent position in the scat and raise her hands wildly above Ixer head as though imploring assistance <rom some unreeu clangor. Do what he {Quid the vision still haunted him; in the midst of. pleasant companionship and joyous voices, ti:<; sad face ana appealing eyes of the Ranee of Oranipore were ever before him, and a mysterious hand seemed to be making signs to him which he could not entirely comprehend. He had heard many ill reports whilst quartered at Oranipore of the doctor and his domgs, and the remarks he had caught as to the unfortunate girl aud her guardian walked down the ier, filled him with a vague mistrust which Sc could not account for. At length he could bear it no longer, and bidding farewell to Sir John Copston and his other friends, he packed his portmanteau and was whirled away Dy the train to London. He had a long talk with his solicitor on the subject, but the man of law, though listening patiently to his story, advised him not to meddle in the affair, as there was not the shadow of a case against Dr. Langton Hesselton. "" But he had a direct interest in her death," agreed the major. "I have been to Somerset House, and lavefouna thatthefellowhas taken out probate of the will, and that thedocument in addition to giving to him all' the dead gill's persona] property, which is veiy large, contains a clause by which she has- exercised her. right of adoption,, and. jinles^ the Government take 'upon- themselves to interfere; and they are very chary of doing so, Langton Hesselton is at present' the Raj ah or Oranipore." " "And will remain so for all that you;can do to prevent it," answered the solicitor. "If every person who had a direct interest in the death of another were to be tried at his demise one half the world would be continually engaged in hanging the other. Take my advice and let His Highness take possession of the throne of Oranipore in peace." " He will never venture to do so," returned Manvers, "the late Rajah's subjects hated him, and fatal accidents are very prevalent in native states where people are unpopular. He will remain here and lead a life of ease and luxury, for the poor girl's fortune must have been considerably over a crore of rupees." "Well, take my advice and drop the matter," said the solicitor. "You will do no good, and if you interfere will only gain '& name for Quixotism." Much disheartened by the Futile result of his interview Manvers took his lea,ve, hardly knowing whether to adopt his legal adviser's council or not. A private detective whom he consulted was more saguine, but after bleeding the major to the tune of a couple of hundred pounds, threw up ' the ' enquiry, assuring Manvers that as he had failed there was not a man in England who could cany out the job successfully. And yet in spite of this sage council the major's mind was not at peace, still the same visien hauuted his rest, still in his dreams he he saw the dark pier and heard the sullen l ash of the water, and still the same whisper Ee could not understand. There were times when he almost-made'-up his mind to'cancel the remainder of his leave and return to India, in the hopes that the active life with his regiment might clear away the haunting fancies from his brain,-and yet when it came to the point he could not make up his mind to leave the land where the girl, -who he believed had been foully murdered, slumbered in her grave. .One day when he was almost wearied out with his self-tormentings it suddenly flashed across his mind that a friend of his had written to him to say that he had sent a tiger, 'which had grown too laige -for a pet, to the " Zoological Gardens," ahd begged to go and • see Motee, for so the animal was called, for old acquaintance .sake; "A good thought, 1 will go and sec how the poor.beast is getting,on," thought, the major,' who was walking listlessly out of his' dub in St. James's-square, where the thought occurred to him, and hailing a hansom he was , driven off rapidly in the' direction of Regent's Park. As soon as the major entered the gardens he made his way to the dens where the larger camivora are kept, and slipping a couple of shillings into the keeper's hand, begged him to show him the cage in which the tiger Motee was confined, the animal which had been presented^ to the Society by Mr. Cumfield, the Commissioner of Jatpore. " Close by,.sir," answered the man, adroitly slipping the money into his pocket and leading the way to the den, he extended his hand tpwards a full-grown tiger reclining listlessly upo» the sanded boards of her cage. "Hi, Motee, Motee,"cried the man, "here is a gentleman to have a look at you. " . The creature blinked lazily at him, but took no further notice of his address, • *' Imprisonment does not seem to agree with ^ her constitution," remarked Manvers. "When I last saw her in India she was as frolicsome as a kitten." ," And she is now, SHY" answered the keeper, " when night comes she tears about the cage like a mad ' thing, and, for the matter of that, so do all tlie striped, and spotted treat&ee.;" " That must be a very interesting sight," observed .Manvers, interested in spite of nimself by the man's narration. " What apity that the public are not admitted to the gardens afterdark." " But some" of them are, sir," replied the < man; "andaslseesthatyouareagentleman, I think I couldmanage it for you. There b an old chap with a white beard and a face like a corpse that often comes in and talks to the reptiles for hours in their, native language. He brought over a deadly, venomous oobra from the Injeee, and he comes to see how it gets on; it's as good as a play to hear what he says, and see what he does too. for the matter of that." " An old man witb a white beard ? exclaimed Manvers: "an old man who talks in Hindustani to 'the snakes 1" ' :"I don't know what name he calls his lingo .bjv" replied thfe.keeper," bat his own particular reptile seems to understand him- When does he come?" asked the major. "Let me see," answered the man, scratching his head, thoughtfully, to-day is Thursday; hell be here to-morrow—he always comes on a Pridry—at least most always." "Can you get me into the gardens on that night?/_enquired the major; "if you can manage it I will give you a sovereign. " Irs worth all the money, sir," replied £he keeper; "but I'm on—you be at the Primrose Hill gate at 9 o'clock on Friday night, and I'll see you are passed. Ax your pardon, sir," be continued, "but might I ask you not to come togged-up like a swell ; it would make matters abit easier." The arrangement was soon completed^ end Manvers left the gardens a prey to the wildest feeling of excitement. A deep-rooted conviction founded upon no logical base, made him feel certain that the white-headed visitor to the Zoological Gardens was Dr. Langton Hesselton, and he at the same time felt perfectly certain that strange revelations were nigh at hand. The intervening hours were spent in a state of feverish excitement, and the appointed time found him at the gate which nad been selected by the keeper as the place of rendezvous. According to the wish whiih the man had expressed he donned a black felt hat and a serge coat, though as the keeper muttered, "he wasn't half shabby enough by a long chalk." The gate was soon opened, and as the pair passed through the tunnel which led from one portion of the gardens to the other, Manvers eagerly enquired if the nocturnal visitor had yet made "his appearance.. "He came about five minutes before yon arrived, and went straight to the reptile house," answered the man. "Let us go to then at onoe," returned the major. " Won't you see Motge.fira^ sir," asked the ?-k£eper. ~" She is real frolicsome to-night." " Later, later," replied Manvers impatiently, and without another word the man led the way in the required direction. The night was intensely hot and sultry, and as they passed, some of the denB the various inmates could be seen moving restlessly backwards and forwards as though influenced by the atmospheric conditions of_ the night. All at once there was a blinding flash of lightning, followed by a crash of thunder, and then the rain began to fall in warm, heavy drops. They had by this time, however, reached the door of the reptile house, and as Manvers crossed the threshold he came to a sudden halt, absolutely i>etrified at the spectacle which met his eyes. The gas was alight, and the bright glow penetrated into every nook and corner of the spacious room. The electricity of the atmosphere appeared to have had a strange and terrible effect upon the denizens of the various cages and_ glasshouses. The huge pythons were darting about from branch to branch of the leafless tree trunks, which had been planted for their convenience. Their eyes flashed wiih a wild gleam that was absolutely terrifying, while their jaws were widely extended as though in search of prey. The venomous snakes, too, were moving restlessly about; the death adder and the water vipers were pressing their hideous heads against the* thick plate-glass sheets with wliich their compartments were faced. The sharp skirr of the rattlesnake was distinctly audible. Repulsive-looking lizards scraped the gravel with their claws, and every now and then opened a malevolent-looking mouth, plentifully furnished with sharp file-like teeth. Even the alipators were not free from the prevailing influence, and darted about with quick and sudden jerks, which converted the water of the little tank in which they were confined into a sheet of foam. For a brief space Manvers was so fascinated by this strange spectacle of the. reptile world that he hardly noticed a little group gathered round .1 table in one corner of the room, and which consisted of the keepers and a tell, white- h-earded figure, in which the major ati once lecogmsed Dr. Langton Hesselton. All at once the men made a biisk movement^ which had the effect of immediately taking lhem son.o feet from the table. "Takecare, i.ir! : ' «!:td file of them, "for heaven's sake, take care : on .1 m^ht like this the creatures ; cannot br, safely handled." A contemptuous smile passed over the livid face of the doctor. "You do not know whak you are talking of," answered be. "Bhoot (the ghost) knows me perfectly well, and would-nob harm me for the world. If you ore afraid yon ' can leave me, my work will be over in a fevr moments." As he spoke he then raised the lid of a deal box which had been plaoed upon the table, and in another instant the flat head and dark shining body of a cobra, some three feet) in length, appeared above the edge. The reptile, like the rest of the creatures, seemed excited and uneasy, but made no attempt to strike its fangs into the hand whioh the doctor drew softly down its back. *'Gently, gently, my beautiful Bhoot," murmured the doctor, speaking in the soft accents of the Hindustani language, with whioh Manvers was perfectly oonvereant "There is no occasion lor irritability, the pang will b». but <v transient one, and the service I require to-night the last I shall ask of you. Come then destroyer of the kingly raoe of Oranipore. Aha, when I caught you beneath the Mtiago . tree in the-garden and plaoed you in'the bed of my noble master the Rajah of -Oranipore, you ' little thought that yon would also cause the death-etf his daughter Heera and raise me to the rank of ruler of a vast and fertile iahdl The same poison, chosen from the same soared ' tvhich sent a'tyraht out of the world, stopped like a.stroke of the thunderbolt tiie beatings ] of* Heera's irresblute heart. The same hand' : which placed'yon beneath the silken quilt of the father pricked the arm of the daughter and sent your poison dancing and festeringthrbogh her veins. One ihorb servioe, my beauty,' aiid you are free to enjoy the reel' of your Reptile ; existence in peace. .All seems , bright at present. Every obstacle JB remove from my path, and all I have to do is to return to the East and claim the throne of Oranipore; and yet at times I have strange uneasy feelings, sometimes a dark shadow seezns to drive away the fairness of - tiie prospect. Itc&nnot; tell where it may come -from, but. there are moments when the-gibbet looms before me, • and I feel the hangman's cord tighten around my throat. Yon can save me from ' that;, a drop of your subtle poison which lurks in your venomous fang will render me, should the occasion arrive, as free as the «ir,1 breathe. These jxxtr fools believe that I oame here for a - scientific experiment, but they little know that I come to preserve the means of solving the mighty secret, which has puzzled the wiseiheii of every age, the ' Secret of Death.'" His voice, 60ft as it was. plainly audible above the strange sounds with which the place was'filled, and' not a syllable escaped the listeningear of Manvers.-; • , . ,.< "Gome, Queen of the jungle;" continued the doctor, '' one; little twinge and all will be over, and remember, beauty, the poisonous gland will grow again, and you mil be as deadly and: venomous as ever," , „- •'••-v,•-.; . The reptile had wound its tail^round the doctur's arm and was gazing up into his face with the bright eyes, which glittered like diamonds. The doctor's right hand stole into - his . pocket, and reappeared again 'holding- a minute pair of silver forceps, whilst .ins left began to glide gently down to the creature's neck. : ' ; But the moment had now come, when Manvers, who had been spell-bound, by the strange scene and the terrible confession whioh had dropped from the murderer's lips, could 110 longer restrain himself. . With, a bound he sprang forward and grasping; the doctor by the shoulder exclaimed in a voice which-'quiveredwith emotion. ." TreacherouSjassassin,, have I hunted you down at last 1 Men. seize.him, the villain has. .just confessed to two murders of the vilest discription. I have heard every' word lie said, and a viler monster never trod thisiearth." . - , • . . • The start which Langton Hesselton gave," - and the sudden approach of a. stranger irritated* the cobra; in an instant her hood was inflated, and with a sharp hiss she darted her fangs into the band which grasped, the silver forceps. A spasm of pain passed over the livid features, and with a sudden impulse of fury he tore the snake from his aim. and throwing it nptm the floor trampled her to death, regardless of the many,"bites which jthe creature inflicted nponu him in her death agony. "It is enough," said he recovering his calmness.. '' No mortal skill can save me. I do not -know.-who you are," he continued addressing Manvers, "though vour face seenis' familiar to me.. At.iny rate had it not b^en for my dead friend here'yoarevidence would have fixed the cord rouna my throat, as it is I escape the hangman and tlie gibbett, even if I lose the rich lands and domed places of Oranipore." Dr. Langton Hesselton was a trne prophet; in three hours he was a dead man, for the poison which had destroyed father anddaughter proved equally-fatal to their murderer. After Manvers had given his- deposition at the inquest, he was no longer visited by the gloomy droughts and strange visions whicnliad since Heera's death.inarred his repose^ an'd when at the end of his furlough he rejoined his regiment, which hod returned from the Bast, he -discovered that the Government findiaj; that there were ho heirs to the throne of Oia/ni» pore had taken possession of the country,. , which now formed one of "the numerous Sta$ea which had been grasped, by iihe iron hand of" -annexation. THE END. ' Next Week, A complete story, entitled, THE MYSTERY OF THE PALACE BORGEN. 