Fooutxt Page— The following additional reading matter will be found on the fourth page:—Mining News and Notes,. Government Accounts, The Frauds in. the Metropolis Primitive Methodist Sabbath School Anniver sary, Attempted Assosstoatiohbf a Pentridgo Warder. To-day’s Events.— Strathfieldsaye Council, 12 noon; Park 'Co. J (North), 11.15 a.m.; Prospecting Board, 2.30 p.m. ; Miners’ As-: sociation, 6.30 p.m. ; Xmas Tree, St Paul’s Sch6bl-room';half-yearly meeting South; Now Moon Cos. (Green), 7.45 p.m. ;Wilsbn Forbes’ Cos., Theatre, 8 am. ; School of . Mines Com mittee, 8 pan.Sacred Concert,; St Andrew’s Church, 8 p.m. ' : , /, ’ v ’, Parliament. Tuesday’s- of the Legislative ,Assembly did not close -till 4 o’clock yes ter day.morning. ' ThoLands Act Amendment Bill,was passed, and ’ordered to bo scot, on to the Council.. The House:re sumed at 3 o’clock in the afternoon, but did not “make a.night" of it J( mahy hon. members being so; tired out that ah adjournment was agreed on -at IL3O o’clock.; Several very im portant measures were advanced a stage, In cluding the Minos Bill, the Crimes Bill (fer tile bolter protection of women and female children) and the Police Offences Statute. Amendment Bill, relating amongst other. IJjiDgs tar 'gambling on racchorses.nnd. “nrf unions.” .in the Council Mr. BAilea? unfor tunate Surrender of Licenses' Bill waS 'oraos culated ;clauso 2, which was to permit.of. the; voluntary surrender of hotel license* bn com-; pensation, being rejected by 14 against ,13- votesi , A new'clause was'traded puthorisiffg | the issue Of" wine licenses at any ; quarterly meeting of a Licensing Court The bill, in that form was then passed, and .returned; -to: the Assembly. The Railway Management Bill was debated at considerable length. \- The Office.— Mbssrs. Burrowes, Bailcs: and Starry yoster<|ay inter viewed the Minister of Mines and .Public > .Works, respecting a proposal to rpmqyo Mr. Walker,, the mining surveyor,,. from bis rdom in the Warden's, Omca,. because, the ?rpom -h wanted for the Public Works ; inspector, who baa-liad lb leave tho ;old post Office. which was.sold recently. The deputation represented the great inconvenience'' to which mining ’.people-wouldvbo subjected; to, .if too puhiog surveyor’s office .wore, removed from the War den's Court. ' McBBrB,/Qultrira. and. promißod;to atop, the- ; U . The — ;.TOere,-‘ Are.} Abbot ?- seventy applioations for'tho ship bf tho'Sandbarst.School:Of -Minos, 'the' election/or which tokos place -tbis eyening. Death op JosiAir JAMEB. 7 7-Th^i; unfor tunate mtoer,Josiah James, Vvbo ’was : so badly , injured in the St Mungo Co’s mihe ph Monday morning last through' a large pfeco''bf /in . .the .stomachj died,in.the hospital yesterday morn ing after Bufforifig aevore ad-' rautonep. He was a. memberiof 'tobjLoyal .Catherine Lodge and of the Miners’ ■ Associh -tion, 8o that.luB widow .abd;; three-Children will have some' 'slight.. means of, support.for some time to corner re The inquest .wUX. be; held' at Uie‘ hospital at 11 o’clook this morning, and v thovfuneral takes ' place- this afternoon at 4 ; o’clock, moving from thp debased ’a late : re-. | sidenoe • at Barrell, stropfe •' AN. A—Ameeiing of the picnib oommlttoe was held last night .Pall Mall, Mr. - J. f ' S/Daniolsv stf ; "the -chair; 1 ! A full - too- obdiinMiteflrwas present, /in cluding sevpral toOrabers from thojTCbglehawk branch.' Correapbndenco was 7 'recei vod from, the Traffib ; Railways, giving the’ timetoblo.for Bpeoisl picnic.- toHaroourt on Boxing Hay; /Traiihj; will leave Bendigo for Haroourt at.shprty ; betw6ohtoehonreofiB;3oiwm.yauAl2.-30p.;rto; i stopping at . Golden Square .* and Flat; - Special trains are. timecPto ileaye Eagle hawk for Bondigo at 9.16 a;m, ahd,lo.‘lo a.m., stopping at, California Gully. The time table for the annual A.N.A. Bay excursion to Mol bourne, on the 25th January next, will be vortisod nbxt wcpk. TJW| trip- SpiBaasSBa tho - ditionol aovonbigo lhat’holdorr/pf $$N. A,'- ;tickoU;’may tbmnilPat SbWontof fabd Mlurn any tifift! wlthmla mdnjth. prices* of tickets wllrbo Correspondence was ‘'from the? Eaglehawk Brass Band, consenting to attend at the depot, Pall Mall, on Saturday evening next, and perform. Pedestrians are reminded that entree fortho.A-N.A, Handicap' must bp? lodged ottbb secretary’a;o01 co by ninefo’clbok to-night. Purchasers of pionicVnd gift dis trlbatlouliokots toRrcqucatod to send ibtho. “ guessing coupons*’ pttaehed to them to the secretary on or beford ' the 34th insfc. It is ihteudeato dovotb the proeccds of this - com-’- petition to Ulo ohariUofl. . ;» Military EnthutainaiRnt. —Thp Masonic Hull was crowded lost evening, Ufo dcedslbn being a musical and military festival by cadets and State School scholars. The programme was well" prepared, ’and comprised. boslUp! vocal andlnstrumtintll \ tnubio tind rccltatiobs, a single-stick contest between 8orgcant*Majdrs; Swanson andBoll. aud.a sword versus bayonet contest between Sergeant-Major Swanson and' Sergeant Houston, _ Both, these exhibitions' were viewed ?.’>yith .great intoro»t‘ by the’ as semblage]’ Tbo choruses by the childi-bn, 1 under the couductorship .of Miv, A< T. Crook, : excellently rendered.; .Tbo programme was as follows !~Choi’asj “Now the sun bis journey ifibdlhgj”. State'- ■ SClidol . scholars,•; physical drill, withftrms, Castlomaino cadoto; song’ “ Anchored/' Mr, H, V; Bopbr 1 ; rocitatio n, “The Sharpshooters miss/* Mr. W.,E. Bynou;, violin solo. ".Master . A.,; Stewart; ; “Queen‘Man,” State School, Scholar#; song,- i “Dear Heart,” Miss Stewart; tableau, Camp : State Schpol Cadbt&i; A Company cadets, under Cnpb.' Campbell t on parade; recitation, *| A‘? Mil»Ury;Eifcdution,”.'Mi88EIliot ;soug, “ Look-' ing Back;” Mr. Tinkler , song, “Tbo Gaunt let," Mjvllopcr; piano solo, “The Abyssinian War, " Sergeant Sayor; bayonet exercise. Camp State. School Cadetsviolin .solo,..' Home Sweet.Homo;” Master Scott; tableaux, “ Before and after the Charge,” Cadets : The Australian National Anthem,“Maker of Earth and Sea,” State School Scholars, During - the evening the band of the 4th. regiment' frora ACaatlo mainp played sovoraLsolcptions, ThoJdiroctor of thto militory portion; ;\ya# Cant. r Cnmpbcll and Mr, Crook aotod>..as' tnusicolf director, while iho superintendence,,of the genera) arrangements' -was entrusted to. Mr/-P, i J. WolfO. ... • ' 'A Family Row. —Airs. Varooe, who resides in < Hustler’s Uccf, nttendod at Dr. J. D, Boyd’s surgery late , on Tuesday ' night and ' complained that she 'had boon .beaten obdat. thovhead bya man named! Harper. The wOman stated that a sister, of her assailant-lived with her, as they were re latives, and it was on account of the girl.re fusing to leave tbo place that HorperJtnoricod her down and .then threw a bit. of wood- at her, oubting heir hood. Dr. Boyd dressed the woman’s wounds; which were not serious. The man Harper was. arrested by Constable Kelly last evening. He averred that his sister was kept a prisoner at the house, and that the woman’s injuries were caused by her falling down. A Cricketers’ Social,—Last evening,. at the Athencoum Club Hotel, Mr. W. Noil ten dered a social to the members and friends!of the B.U.C.C, The tables were tastefully arranged, and after an excellent repast had boon partaken of a few toasts were indulged in. Mr. W, Bruoe; who presided, proposed the health of Mr, W. Neill in a neat speech,. which that gentleman duly acknowledged. Dr.' Barkc-Gaffooy proposed “ Success to Cricket,” and Dr. Hinoncliff responded. Songs were rendered by Messrs. Hastings, M’Vvbirter, Bradley, Hill, Roper and Credgington, and a recitation byMr.T/Glnss.'-Avery enjoy able evening was spent. Insulting Behavior.—A young man named Frederick Davis was arrested in Bernal stect last evening by Constable E. J. Walsho for insulting behavior. - . City Police Court.—Dr. Burke Gaffney and Messrs.. P. Hayes aud T. H. Henderson, J.P.’s. wore the presiding magistrates yester day. One drunkard was fined os, or the.usual alternative. A man about 40 years of age named Emil Gilman, was charged with-the larceny of a watch and dhain from Andrew MoGann, a resident of Diggora, near Elmore, 1 The accused had only, been arrested tbat< morning by Detective-Sergeant Maliony, and a remand to the Elmore court on Wednesday next .was granted; . .: .r; A Fortunate Capture.—On Saturday lost Sergeant'Salts, of. Elmore, telegraphed to the Sandhurst police that a man of whom a description was given had 1 stolen a- 1 silver watch and chain from a resident of Diggora named Andrew McGabn.- Detectives Mabony and Sexton!consequently kept a sharp look out for any strangers, as it was surmised tbo alleged thief would make..his' way to ‘ Sand hurst. They-saw. no - one likely to, bo tbo person' inquired for "until■? yesterday morning, when Detective Mahony observed a man named Emil ’ Gilman 'enter Mr, Barnett’s pawnbroker’s shop, in , VJow , street Ho followed him, and round him just trying to pawn a silver watch - and chain, and accord ingly arrested him and took him to tbo watch 4 - housts. wHoHyoS 1 subsequently-brought before the court Sergeant Falioy informed the bench that -the ‘ accused- v bad just .been arrested, and,that the police boro know very little about the case, bub the property said to have been, stolen was found/in his-possession. Up applied for a remand to Elmore. The bench inquired'of the nedasod if ho had any thing to say, and ho replied ;thafc he would rather have-t-ho cake'dis'posed of- there : and then instead of being' romandedHo -Elmore. He denied that he stbid the watch ; it was all a mistake, he found it .outside of ,a. hotel/ ‘The’ magistrates ' decided' to remand him to. tho Elmoro court on Wednesday .next at two? ‘o’clock? ,!?J- ? Severe Criticism, op the Ministry. —In a sovero, but -not undeserved strain,- the -Telegraph thus castigates Mr. Munro, and by implication the Ministry ;—There is no hiding the' fact that, Hr. Munro has failed,' - aha (failed disastrously," to . ris'p;,'tg .the level of a 'diffioult'Occasibjp, ’ came into*’ pbwer : to mako straight tho?,cr6oked ways of his pre decessor— a .word,, blip, balance of the natipnal fipan(^8,^ ; He hh3 twelve months’ at?• hip.;’ pbat{.>and/tbbsd yawnjhg deficits which .ho toVd uibbo.ut so long and so loudly yawn to-day just.ds niuch as they ever.did. And.it?needed no ghost, to co'me from any grave;to tell ns .that they mostldo so unless active steps’wore taken, to fill them up. ,Mr, Gillies- had added XMO;000 a year to the municipal endowment fund. Ho had removed the duties from tea,, coffee,’ kero sene, reduced postage and-half a dozen other sources of reyonuo, besides incurring . half a million a year deficiency in" tho' tvorkipg' of the, railways ,, ,WJq?.wbD8eUc i d Mr, .Munro at the very official lifo to’ put on the, jbeer .tax again,., the -tea . and to .grhsp,the nettle,; p!U thdrojjLway lopsfis/?:. He 1 aid;juBt.nothing/,.'but Jefk/oybfy'to'ing' as it was. He;had/npt tbo nojqye, to ask the muni cipolities - to , /submit, to /the necessary, re straints of the.situation. He.had -not; the decision;and;,courage necessary to x’edeem.his promises of railway reform. "* He - feared - to fqoo tho oritioism involved in of the beer Copland preferred to try to mako ends raoot’by the meanest'’ of methods—that of starving public wbrks, butting doivn every expenditure, and so drying . up the very re sources oL trado whioh ;p'ceded..,coplopish morih. ' v ‘ • ■- _ Forestbes' ; !Pionic.—A meeting of the Foresters’ -Picnic- Committee.; took- place lost evening af the - Exbhanga:iHotel;'Bro. < R' Q: Johnston presiding.-- The secretary and Bra” Knight reported having visited ■Maoedoh; and .stated that the country was looking splendid, and was covered with - beautiful wild flowers, sweet briar, 1 roses, -'and;“swarming! 1 with 'Th'e'secroiary'Va?; instructed, to invife ’tepdors fpr'publican-s booth. Moat:onc6uriig , ing (J roporte word received from the. delegates ,as to the sale of tickets, and„ a.very;Targe piohl6 r ik r bhtiolpntcd/- ; px?' '' The Tuial‘ of'tho M Planet jr. for orchard; riripy^rds r and #purpdaes took place yesterddy despite the inclemency bf jtbo. v vregttior } At’.Vjie!. 1 bobr G dbVndng. “ Mbjst; of-the Jead lng agrioiil ,tnrists of j suit ’of ? the" *|j|r. Carol in KandUng fcbp implements/ //There yos,' but one opimbn pf; thomtility pf- theso appli/ ancbS' AJl/of .fche madhines-ithotiwero taken on the'''^grb^d > Tho “ spray' putops 5 ’ - . twere imarliculnriy ad < 'A f ; - Car of; cabs was Sergeants |fa,h by r and r - f 'db /r ;ftib 'ffiorprh HalU The ?Dur-: inspected; '. THE MINISTER AND THE POLICE MAGIS- TRATE.— The hearing of arguments on the law points reserved in the action of M’Cor mick V. Cuthbert was continued before the Full Court yesterday. The plaintiff, Mr. G. D. M’Cormick, P. M., sued the Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., formerly Minister of Jus- tice, for libel and, the jury found in favor of the plaintiff, subject to law points reserved. The court reserved its decision, which will be given at noon on Friday. , .'vory proVdlbnt ' ,in and many deathd h’avo At Norfolk? in'itlie' -persons igge .suffpring irpin influenzd, :i hnb/ o£ thorn-; being Mr./William W Kiolpyi , jub.? •the; ;«atbpf.?.of ? Jhh'’; /,, ’ /'•'*' “ West Sa ndhurst- Presbyterian S abb Arias. ScilQOifc—Thp /anbivdt&iry; ■ treat' was given at the Tompowin tho?M&ploii8;,. f Besidbs j.lhe ohildron many ' of' tlioir Jibe: tables, thp’MiBses Ford (2); Aiken, Fawkder, Brojagh', Gray-? •don ; enter-', iaiament the Reyi J. v and' deliyored' a' shprthut aui tabid iobugs? .were/ .cbntributdd: Groonlng and Hb8Srs. ; Gall /and ,Markdrt/ the' latter • of;whbni was; ohebrod. '' A ' Violin . ■ Solp' by Master ; Frank. , Muelier? pbrfornfed/aa also were pianoforte solos. by; Misses Lily Bennett add , RocitalEjuS .gwcfi^by’ Gdcplsh nndvJMiss May The- bbtettolnmont cloS&l;: with’ a ; por£p rn,nnco by nndtithohumoiV'Ond draper ‘tineriecs offchtf and Micbisor word greatly people especially. : . . ' " - . Tub Mvstebious Dratjl*n the Si.itms.— -An.inquest -was -holdvhytMr.-Ga ud lor f .d iflUdct ■ coronet at ilio Melbourne Hospital yesterday ..toucfimg'tho death of the woman Margaret Hflwkcfl/'alms M’Konzio, whodied uudcr pocu ‘liar. . eiraamstanoesgjin :13rown’s.,iAUciy,,,.ojIi. Little Bourke-sU'oot, on v Monday last, The man John ‘Strawbrldgo NVas‘‘pyoaenfc in custody. 1 Tlic pvldjonco of Dr. O. A. Symo showed that death*ru^altcd|from' heart discasa A?verdict of death fropi natural causes -was returned,, 8lrtt\vbridg6 >vafl di8chargcd , by (ho coroner. ! The father' of- ’ the deccnaed y.woman ,waH i » major' In the Brazilian Army; tlho had prer vidasly boon married ;: to araoa . named M’KenziaV ana tbls man- is still alive, living, 1 at- Sooth' Melbourne,*-; Ilor maiden' natno: -was ScoUard. , > ,'■< The medical superintendent of; the Sydney Hospital estimates 'that 1 the how protective* duties will'entail nn- oxtm ,ohnrgo of nearly iMOOtT pet annum on the hospital funds : hrough the‘fhcroasod cost of! provision** and {ohbrnl requisites,•>. 1 ■ Tub IpcuSt appears to have - roet.hismotoh In'Afghanistan, .where a birdp’;C»Ufld by-i t|m , Afghans ;‘ ( fllvnoh > ’has appeared it.vast hum ' bers and eaten up the insects. ..«• >.< • .... ; Tire Iter./Wi'Ii. Fitohott'and Mrs, Fitcholt l have' returned’ to Melbourne; by the Nord-- \- Dbutscher Lloyd's steamer Kaiser -Wilhelm ; 11, - Mr FitchottjWho was-absont; from the 'colony for about nine months on - account of ; his health, pomes' back'complbtely -rcstorqd, ■ and able nt once to resume tilo duties; of his very active life., .. V AT'apublid raooting at Hamilton on Toes a branch of the Victorian Homestead League was'Oppiiod. • , / - : • Death Sbntewks,—At tho meeting of the Excoutivp n Sydney -pq- Tuesday, the death sentences' passed Oh Robert* Williams, for U.cmurder; ofdiis; wife at Ho.wra, and on fcbo man Carroll^ Morgan outrage on a ghd at Coogco, wore considered; - Xu .Williams ease the sentence-was - commuted UK imprison ment for life on tho ground.: of; bis insanity, an.dyiin Carroll's case, to panab-sorvltudo for Ufo. ' . Pope Lko the 13th has conferred a special nmrktef distinction on the Bishop, of Limerick, who has throughout tbo Irish campaign exerted himself to prevent a: continuance,of the praotioo of boycotting. ! ?'A*N ‘KbABOHATB • is under stood that tho marriage of the Duke of Clar ence nnd tho Prinecm Victoria of Tcck will be celebrated in: Westminster Abbey in Feb ruary fnext^unless Her Majesty insists-', upon ] tho ceremony taking place In St. George’s j Chapel, Windsor;-It' is believed that the 'Pidhco of Wales will'moko his son an , allow ance df £80,000'a year,- and that- the.'Dqko and Duchess of Clarpnco.: will reside. a£ St ;JTompsPalace, - The, • London' DalIy..Tblograph States that after thoir wedding theDukcand Duchess will make-a public progress through London, and will then go .to BandringUaih Hall, wncro they will spend, the . honeymoon. It adds that the Princess Victoria’s,' trousseau -will bo entirely of English make. . A novel entertainment will bo bold in St. Paul’s ■Sunday :8chot>L this evening. , h.hu been called a Santa Clous Carnival, and will consist of a Xmas tree, fishing pond, shooting gallery, wheel. of .’for tune and other attractive.movements. In addition to tlds uu entertainment will bo given, the pro gramme includes a string band, bellringers, bottle players, zither and other instrumental items. The proceeds will be devoted to-the School Prize Fund. 