AMONGST THE BOOKS. LITERARY COSSIP. Lord Augustus Loftus has taken a seven years' lease of Linden, a oliarming residence on tho outskirts of Loatherhead, where he will com plete his long . promised reminiscences of a 50 years' career in the diplomatic service and subse quent experience as Govornor of New Soutli Wales. Lord Augustus, who is 73 yoars of age, is in the best'of health and spirits. Sir. John Murray will publish very soon Adventures in the Life of Count George Albert of Erbach, translated from the German by Princess Beatrice. The count was captured by Barbary corsairs while on a visit to the Knights of St. John in blalta in the early pert of the seventeenth century. The present representa tive of the family, who is tho possessor of the original MS., is married to the only sister of Prince Henry of Battcnberg. Sir Richard Burton had not made much pro- gross in his translation of the Golden Ass of Apulcius. At the time of his death he had practic ally comjileted a metrical translation of Catullus, and was engaged on a similar version of Juvenal and Ausonius, proposing to follow these with tho Greek Anthology and other works. In these translations Mr. J. Morton was associated with Sir Richard, and tho first instalment from the Latin is now being issued by privato subscrip tion. The distressing controversy over the Rear Guard has been good at any rate for the sale of Stanley literature. Major Barttelot's diaries are already in a third edition. The books by Mr. Jcphson and Mr. Ward are both in a second edition, where Mr. Troup's will doubtless soon »Sm 4-1 a tn 11 f If Sfnnlftv'a nwn hnnlr. ft fourth edition is now in preparation. Why has not Mr. Bonny published a book ? He would have seoured a ' great vogue just now. Mr. Jnmeson's diaries will excite great interest also. But they will not contain the alleged cannibal skctchos.- Mr. Sidney Colvin is correcting the proofs of the new book which his friend Louis Stevenson has written at Samoa. It is called The South Seas : a Beeord of Three Cruises, mi consists of a series of letters, each complete, dealing with adventures, economics, cannibalism, criticism, ghosts, dancing, and the language, manners, morals, and customs of the dusky peoples whom the author lias visited, and among whom he had elected to live. The serial publi cation will commence inEnglandinthcnewillus- trated weekly , Black and White, aud the letters will bo profusely illustrated in that journal with drawings made from a mass of most curious aud novel material supplied by Mr. Stovonson him self and his stepson, Mr. Lloyd Osborno, who is nnw i. Tendon <-niif>rin tanilin" the work. It is likely to prove one of the most singular books of travel over published. The Academy makes tho most astounding announcement of tho discovery of Christopher Columbus's log book, which, tradition says, was lost during a violent storm on the return voyage from the New World, and which has, it is alleged, been recently recovered by a Welsh fisherman while trawling near Tenby. Mr. Elliot Stock, it seems, is engaged in, producing a fae-simile of this precious MS., and the repro duction will "give all theappearance which such a volume would have after being submerged during four centuries." Tho further announce ments respecting tho lost treatise of- Abelard found by Professor Romrigius Stlilzlc, of Wurz- borg, nnd the new vorsion of tho" Babylonian creation story found by Mr. T. G. Pinchee, of tho British Museum, almost fail to exoite ouriosity after tho story of a log book surviving a submergence of centuries. An American paper, in a dissertation upon tho London press, announces that Mr. Delano, of the Times," recoives a salary of £4000 a year. Truth comments. Mr. Delano lias been in his grave for about 12 years, and I beliove that his salary nover exceeded £2000 a year. No less preposterous is the statement that "Mr. Buckle, of the Times," is paid £5000 a year, while Mr. Pollook, of tho Saturday Eeview, a credited with £2000, and tho "two assistant editors" of the Telegraph with £3500 esch, the editor of the Daily -Veins with £4000, and "Sir. Frederiok Greenwood, 'the Casual Pauper oftlie St. James's Gazette, gets £1800. " Mr. Greenwood was not " the Casual Pauper," anil he ceased to bo editor of the St. James's Gazette more than two yosrs ftgo I dont know whnt tno new manager of the Times, Sir. Bfoberley Boll, gets, but wlmtevor may be his salt ho is well worth it. Politics apart, the Thus is at present uncom monly well edited. . , , The literature of art lias just boon onriehcd by tlio labors of a Russian gentleman, Senator Rovinsky, who lias published in St. Petersburg a great work on Rembrandt's engravings, tho result of 40 years' devotion to a- great master's craft. SL Rovinsky has gone round all tho collections of Europe, and lias photo graphed all the engravings> that ho lias found thero attributed to Rembrandt. His photo- grnpbs_ havo been reproduced by pbototypo engraving, and tho result i3 a work in three largo volumes containing abont 1000 examples of tlio Dutch master. He lias further added a catalogue with notes, so that his magnum opus may bo considered complete. The Imperial Library has been fortunate iu securing tlie photographs, tho negatives on glass aud elatiue from which the engravings were made, 'his collection may bo said to ho unique, and apart from its artistio value with relation to Rembrandt, it presents to the photographer a practical history of his art. SI. Rovinsky writes that at Berlin he took 50 photographs of Rem brandt's engravings, at Vienna 90, at Paris 70, at London 120, at Haarlem 5, at Amsterdam 80, and so on. All the processes which have been employed in bringing the work out have been performed in Russia. " Over 30 years ago," writes Sir. J. Cuming Walters in tho last number of Igdrasil, "a stranger came to Caerlcon, and without giving his name or stating his errand took up his abode at tbo Hanbury Arms, facing the Usk, one of the oldest hostelries in the kingdom. 'Quiet and unobtrusive to a degree,' said a local chronicler, 1 he soon attracted attention from his very reserved and seclusive habits. It was soon recognised that the stranger was fond of long walks, and there was not a hill in the neighbor hood up whose sides he did not climb. For a time na companion or friend seemed to notice him, but occasionally a letter arriving nt tho post office was delivered to him. At first the name attracted no attention, but at length "Alfred Tennyson, Esq.," inscribed ou succes sive missives, seemed to hare a special interest for the local post master. Some few of the in habitants still remember tho poet residing there, nnd at tho Hanbury Arms the chair which he oliiefly occupied in his apartment overlooking tlie Usk is still pointed to with some pride.'" Tennyson's visit to Cnerleon (unrecorded by his biographers) is important, says Sir. Walters, inasmuch as it offers a further exemplification of the poet's scrupulous care in studying details, anil it adds to the interest of reading tlie Arthurian poems to know that ha obtained from the genus loci bath inspiration and enlighten- ment. Bishop Barry, lato Bishop of Sydney, has re printed a course of lectures delivered at the request ' of the Bishop of Roohoster and a dio cesan committee at tlio Lambeth Baths in the spring of the preseut year. Tho experiment of addtessing working men on social questions which are so largely occupying their minds at the present day seems on the whole to havo been a successful one, though perhaps it would bo a dangerous precedent for clergymen to follow without Dr. Barry's eloquence and grasp Of the subject. Tho bishop, observes tho St. James's Gazette, bears testimony to tho inclination on tho part of his audience to give him a. ready ami thoughtful hearing, and it is satisfactory to know that the few distinotly anti-Christian attacks fell very flat. Of course he had to encounter dogmatic and irrational men who loudly asserted that Capital and Labor were ir reconcilable enemies, that the condition of tlie unskilled workmen wns one "of slavery, and that professional men were the mere parasites of the moneyed classes : but only on ono occasion was there anything like real disorder, and then it referred, not to the lecture, but to tlie conduct of tho discussion upon it. IThe bishop's attitude is not altogether unfriendly to much that is comprised in the term "Socialism;" for ho starts with a conviction that the Church has a duty to the whole of human lifts in all its social relations, and that there must bo no surrender of tho world of commercial, social anil political energy to anti- Christian or non-Christian laws. That the lectures are uniformly tliGughtful and tcmporato need hardly be said, and tbo one which deals with Christianity and the nation, though it is impossible entirely to agree with it, is a remarkably able exposition of the principles which should guide Christians iu politics. The book may be road with great advantage by members of other olasses than that to which the lectures were addressed, and deserves a very large circulation. Some years ago an enterprising Yankee pub lisher perceived that there was " big money," to use a Yankee phrase, in a Life of Christ, done on nonular lines nnd floated in tho most approved style of Yankee business. Ho ap proached the Rev. Henry "Ward Beeoher as a ikely man to do what he required. Mr. Beeoher, jumping at the idea, promised to pro duce a work in two volumes. In his enthusiasm, however, Beccher lot out the project to sundry 'cute minded elders of his congregation. They at once perceived what a goou thing the pub lisher had got, and eventually proposed to Beeoher to form a publishing company to run the book. As they promised him much better terms than tho publisher, the great preacher agreed to this, and the company was orraed. Thus tlio originator of tlie idea was left out iu tho cold. He remonstrated with Sir. Beechor, but got little comfort from that eminent Christian, who informed him that there was no binding agreement, and that tho idea belonged to any one. who could work it out. The publisher then endeavored to find an opposition author sufficiently popular to set off against Beechcr. Among otiiors he npproaohed Sir. Snnrgcon, whose reply seems to have been in every way worthy of his reputation. Mr. Spurgcon said in substance that suoh a work should be undertaken reverently, and ho indi cated some-qualifications necessary for a writer. Ho wont on to say that even if he had tho time, he did not feel that ho had tho ability and proper education for the performance of such a work. Were he equal to it, he said, it would be to iiim a labor of love, anil uo money considera tion would be entertained by him as a motive. The end of this edifying negotiation was- that the publisher brought out a Life by a sensa tional Amerioan preacher of some notoriety. The work, however, perished stillborn. Tho Beecher syndicate also brought out the first of its two volumes. Its publication, however, was immediately succeeded by that of the Beechor- Tilton romauoe, which in tho graphio hnguogo of one of the promoters, "knocked it higher than a kite." Tho second volume was never published. - 