*Bovdt0t.; AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, BY IVAN DEXTER, [all MOOTS 11ESERVED/| ? TUIj' ? Mount Macedon Mystery CHAPTER XIV. — (Gontinueu.) It was still thoro and only a fow foet away, but tho murky gloom did not allow of its being clearly seen. Cautiously tho young warehouseman inserted the atick and pushed it slowly towards the ohiect. after first makitur Bure that his retreat was open. . ' The boast must be asleep, ' ho mut tered. as lie felt the stick touch it aud no movement followod. Encouraged by this inertia, he gave a more vigorous poke, and started back, for -a movement certainly took place. Ho ? evidently expected a rush, but none took ' place, and ho ventured to look in again. Tho animal was still there, and em boldened by its ovidont disinclination to come out he inado another attack on it. ? This time a suspicion began io fill his mind that tho guide might bo right after all, and tho wish being father to the thought might have induced him to think that it was the wombat ho was trying to ?outline in the darkness. As ho folt tho objqft again ho became convinced that it was not a livinganimai, ? ' but a stone ho was seeking to dislodge, for it felt hard and sounded sharply when 'struck. He therefore tried to pull it towards him. , Aa ho drow tho stick back ho could feel it coming to liini, and when ho looked in again it was almost at the mouth of tho excavation. . As his oyes beo.uno accustomed to tho gloom they fixed or: the mysterious object with a rigid stare, aud for a full minute he remained ou his hands and knees like ono petrified. ? ' What the devil aro you looking at, Bruco ?' asked one of his companions. 41 You look an frightened as if Old Nick himself wvis there.' Tho young man thus spoken to stood . up and hastily clambered out of the ex cavation. Ilia faeo was whito and his wholo appearance that 'f a man who had suddenly and unexpectedly met with an unpleasant and startling sight. 44 Why, man, you have'nb seen a ghost .surely?' spoko ono of tho party, as ho \- jumped- down to the mouth of the hole. As ho peered in an equally startled look crept ovor his face, and in a few moments ho rejoined his comrades, who had surrounded Btuco. 'It's a human skull,' tho latter was fceiling the awe-struck youths. ' You must bo mistakoit,' was the reply. ' I've no doubt it's the skull of a dead wombat, or perhaps a wallaby that has boen dragged into tlio hole.' 'Go and look for yourself,' rejoined . Bruce, and the man who had just ro . turued from the opening, added : 'Yes, you'll soou b- satisfied on. the point. It's a human Skull — man or woman — as certain as we stand here.' The man addressed slowly descended to the hole, and thoro in front of him lay the grinning skull. Death must be ploaoant, someone has said, because it always grins, but there was no pleasantry revealed in that hideous mask thus strangely brought to light in that wild and unfrequented spot. Hosting there in its weird grave, the' mocking mouth, and sockets vacant of j their eyes, it seemed to tho startled man to be again sentient with life and tel * ling the story of its queer abode. His comrades wero bending over him, and after repeated requests from thom, ho put his hand into tho holo and shud deringly lifted out the repulsive relic of mortalliumanity. The wondering group of men looked upon it with almost superstitious feel A human skull under ordinary cir cumstances is net vory awe-inspiring, but.this skull must ha\ o an extraordinary history attached to it. How did it get thero? To whom did it belong? Per haps it was a dead and muto witness of a foul murder, or mayhap some waary pilgrim along life's highway had volun tarily laid down his load and shortened the journey with his own hand. , Thou it might belong to a tourist liko ? themsolvos, who, wandering through the undergrowth, had stumbled into tho wombat holo, and, boing seriously in jured, had oithor died of. starvation or boon attacked and killed by tho wom bats. Stories had boon told of those animals , attacking men, and it was well known . that a child had boon carried off by them ? . on tho north side of Mount Mace . don. As ono of tho menjooked up at tho \- . tremondous cliff, the' faco of which glistened in tho setting sun, a momentary idea struck him that a fall over it might , ; i account for the presence of the human If hie, but it seomod so improbablo that the thought immediately passed away. Theso and a hundred olhor conjectures paused through tho minds of tho silent group, and for soveral minutes no ono spoke. Thoir oyes rosted quoslionly on tho impassivo skull as though adjuring it liko tho ghost in Hamlet to ' unfold its tale,' but iu sphynx-liko immobility rovealed nothing. ? Porhapa this is the skull of an aboriginal who has died horo and boon buried in tho wombat- holo,' suggested one of tho men. It sounded feasablo enough, but it did not elucidate the mystery, and as thoy slill wondered, the guide said ; lC Wo must be getting away from here, unless you wish to camp hero all night. Wo havo only about two hours of day light. .'\nd wo could never pass through tho Glet. in the dark. The prospect of a night in that wild eerie spot was not to tho taste of thn party, and, forgetting all about the object of their search, they wero hurriedly gather ing their tools together, when tho guide ! | said : ' Wo hud bolter conceal tho pick and shovels horo until to-morrow, as this hole must be searched for further traces of the bones which should bolotig to tho skull. Several of my friends will join in the search if you aro agreeable, nnd there is no need to bring these awkward tools to tho hotel and back again.' Tho young men at onco fell in with tho suggestion, for now thnt thoy had gono so far, thoy were eager to probe tho mystery to tho bottom. Securely planting tho tools, thoy. mado their way back to tho Forest Inn. CHAPTER XV. THE SKELETON. ' Where's your woaibat, boys ?' asked tho smiling host. 14 Here,' replied Bruce, who had taken possession of tho ghastly relic by virtue of first discovery; suddenly uncovoring tho skull, which, with its everlasting grin, seemed to regard tho matter — probably from tho 'rights it causod — in tho light of a good joko. 41 Where on earth did you get that ?' inquired tho alarmed innkeeper. ' Dug it out of a wombat-holo at the foot of the Camel's Hump,' was the laconic answer. ? 'Ah,' said English, thoughtfully, ' this discovery requires sifting thoroughly. It would bo as well if you gave information to tho polico at onco, for some light on past events may re sult.' Havo you any thoory regarding the Bkull ?' asked Bruce. 41 Yea,. a couplo of years ago two mon mysteriously disappeared in this locality. They were last seen on tho Camel's Hump, and no trace has been found of them Bincc, with tho exception of blood stains on t'»o great cliff. It was thought at tho time that during a thick mist which enveloped the peak, they might have accidentally walked ovor tho preci pice ; but tho absence of tho bodies ren dered all attempts at discovery a failure, although every possible effort was made to j throw light on tho mystery.1' j 44 1 read something about it in tho papers,' replied Bruce. With this information regarding the events of two years previous, which most of tho party now recollected reading in tho motropoljtaii newspapers, Bruce sought out the ono policoman, stationed at Middle Cully, and placed the skull in his possession, after recounting tho imm | nor iu which it had been found, j Tlio constablo arranged for a largo I party to proceed to tho spot on the follow' ing day, and during the evening telo graphed to Melbourno for the detcctivo who had charge of tho Edgar and Marshall disappearance cases. With tho first train next morning De tective Lynx arrived, and a considerable number of visitors and residents made ; their way to tho wombat-hole to search for further remains.' For sovoral hourB the party labored, aud at length they came to a recess in the drive — evidontly ono of tho sleeping places of tho nnimal — where thoy found | rib-bones partly gnawed and also a thigh I bone. I Thus encouraged they still excavatcd, ; and soon it was apparent that they wero reaching the living occupant of tho bur* row. Deep growls and grunts woro plainly heard, and a small terrier that 'bearded tho lion in his den,' catuo out more rapidly than it entered, and with overy mark of fear. In another half, hour thoy saw tho eyeB of the wombat gleaming'through tho darkness liko fiery coals, and at the sug gestion of an old resident it was decided to shoot it, for, said he : 44 If tho darned thing starts burrowing it may get away from us faster than wo. can follow.' Tho adviqe was sound, and Bruco, acting upon it, put a charge of swan shot between tho two gleaming eyos.. A short struggle and scraping followed, and it was evident tho shot had dono its work. btiU the diggers toiled, and it was nearly five o'clock before they came to the dead body of a wombat of unusually largo size, and evidently, from the greyhairs — or bristles — which thickly sludded tho tawny hide, of great age. Lifting it out, they found tho diivt. ended in that direction, aud a chamber of some size had been scoopcd out. This was the regular sleeping and din ing placo of the animal — its bed-chamber and dining-room. Scattered about were tho bones of various animals, for a wom bat has the appetite of a pig. It is herbivorous, gramnivorous, or carnivor ous as occasion demands. It is, in fact, omnivorous, for all is fish that comes to its net. ihe experienced eye ot the detective at once discovered tho bones they wero soarching for. With the exception of the very smallest bones, the missing parts of the skeleton thoy wero in search of weio found and carefully wrapped up. Considerable difficulty was experienced in gathering up tho bones, as thoy woro nearly all broken in various places. Tho party then mado a cluso search along the route of tho excavation to Bee if any branches from tho main holo existed where another skeleton might bo concealed, but none were discovered. After the detcctivo had mado a rigid scrutiny of tho granite cliff, and measured tho distance between tho spot wlicro tho blood stains had boon found at tho base and tho mouth of tho lato wombat-hole, tho party gathered togothor and slowly mado- their way back to Middlo Gully, j oarrying with them in a bag tho inert bonos that once vroro as capable of loco* motion as tho most robust amongst thom. Thedoteotive took charge of them, and, arriving at tho village, accompanied MoDonough, tho constablo, to his residence to obtain the skull and havo tea | with him. Unlocking a small cupboard, tho polioe man took out tho skull and handed it to his friond. It waB in an exceedingly good state of preservation probably through its having boon protected from wind and weathor. Tho doteotivo looked at it intently, as though ho wished to read its secret. Thon taking a small parcel from his pocket ho unrolled it slowly, revealing a tooth. 44 Look horo, MoDonough,' ho said. 4' This skull has a remarkably fine set of teoth. Many a swoll dudo or fine lady would envy it thoir possession if they saw them, hut ono is missing, and I think I can supply tho want.' Thou carefully taking up tho bony head ho placed tho tooth in tho solitary gap in tho jaws, and it fitted exactly, 41 You soo, this tooth is similar to Ub follows iu tho jaw,' ho remarked to tho interested constablo. ' I havo no doubt it bolongs to tho head, and it may furnish an important clue to tho identification of tho skeleton. This tooth was found at t)»o foot of tho Camol'H Hunfp Cliff two years ago, as you may romember, whon Edgar, tho tourist, and Marshall, tho survey man, disappeared. It is most probable that tlie remains belong to ono of theso mon. But which?' he musingly added, ^that's tho point. The fact of tho bonea being bo fracturcd is also ovidenco that death resulted from a fearful fall.' 41 But how did the body get into tho wombat-holo?' inquired M'Donough. 44 Tho wombat could not possibly have dragged it there, big though it was, and it could not havo boen takon niece-meal : tho search parties wore at tho place whoro the tooth was found within twenty- four hours xftor tho men disap peared.' 44If wo had found two skeletons instead of one,' returned Lynx, apparently un heeding his companion's questions, ' the mystery would havo been much clearer, but as it is I dou't like the appearance of the caso.' 'But you don't suppose,' was the reply, ' that Marshall nnd Edgar would have both walkod ovor the cliff at Clio same time and at tho same spot, and have been dragged away by the same wombat; If they wero both accidentally killed dur-_ ing tho mist one of tho bodies may havo fallen in another place, and the skeleton bo. now in another hole.' 41 But only one spot allowed traces of a fall over tho cliff,' the dctcctive answered, 41 and it is altogether improbablo that there was a double accident at the samo time, unless tho two mon woro tofrother nnd clutched oach othor on tho edge of tho precipice when thoy suddenly stepped ovor. That would bo my solution if two bodies were found, but as it is,' headdod, with a shrug, 'I really cannot unravel tho skein.' 44 Timo roveals all things;' sagely spoke M'Donough. 'But what is tho good to us if half a century hence tho secret is laid bare. Another generation will get tho credit, and they will look back upon us as stupid oflicers who hadn't enough sense to know when wo were hungry.' 44 Come now, Lynx,' good humorcdly retorted McDonough, 'we havo senBO onough to know that wo aro hungry now, and tea is waiting us. Why should we worry oursolvos about a matter that doesn't concern us much, when ono of the most interested parties philosophically grins at our troubles,' he added, pointing to tho skull which rested on tho tablo. 'I wish to God it could Bpeak,' fer vently ejaculated the busineBs-liko de tcctivo. Aftor a hearty ropast — for their appe tites woro not atall disturbed, but rathor whetted by the discovery of tho skeleton — tho two officers strolled over to the Forest Inn, and obtained what little further information tho party of ware housemen could give thom as to the find ing of the skull. Half-an-hour later tho detcclivo bade McDonough good-bye, and was beiug whirled away to Molbourno in tho night express, bearing with him a parcel care fully wrapped up, and which contained the ghastly trophios recovered from tho wombat-holo. 44 Now,' ho mused, as ho reclined luxuriously in the empty first-class com partment, 'this discovery opens up again tho caso of the missing men Edgar and Marshall. One of them is no longer missing ho went on, glancing at tho package, ' ho is thero, but which of thein is it ? Thero wasn't the slightest sign of anything in the wombat-hole that would lead to identification — not a rag of clothes, or paper. No sign of money or jewollery, nor, in fact, of anything. I will pay an other visit to the placo in a day or two, and search it agaiu. A crowd is always a hindrance to a good search, porhaps the body was naked when placed in tho hole, for I begin to think that nothing short of human intelligence could so successfully liavo obliterated all traces of tho body which fell ovor tho cliff.' lie puffed away for somo time at a cigar, and then suddenly exclaimed : 44 Ah ! I was nearly forgetting tho dis covery of tho man's footprint, which was found close to where this tooth was picked up.' — aud as ho spoko ho tapped his vest pocket — ' That footprint was proved to havo been Marshall's, aud could only have beon a day or two old at tho timo, as it was not obliterated by tho rain that fell. Now, if Marshall is ulivo, what could havo boon his object in disappear ing. That puzzles mo. He could havo no motive in placing Edgar's body in the hole if ho found it, and, so far as I see, could have no possible motive in commit ting murder. Accordingto tho survey men he was not a bad sort of follow, but I must try and find out something inoro about him. No one seemed to know anything about his antecedents when ho disappeared, but I'll try it again. If I : don't try I won't know.' Thus nuzzlimr himself over the caso en trusted to him, Melbourno was reached, and tho detective hurried away to givo in his report to his superior officer. Next d iy tho metropolitan press had a full account, detailing the strange finding of the mysterious skeleton, and though an inquest was hold, no light was thrown upon its identity. The venerable wombat that had boen ! dono to death in its lair was a source of considerable curiosity when brought to town by tho successful party of ware* housemen. The intercolonial and country papors copied tho news from their Melbourne contemporaries, and, after tho lapse of two years, the myrtory of the mount was again rovived. CHAPTER XVI, VHILLIl' SIMPSON. If in oldon times all roadB led to Rome, it is no less oertain that Victorian history 1 shows that all roads in this colony lead to Melbourne. After the first great rushes to. tho gold* fields this waB especially the case, and tho money spent in tno'metropolis by success ful diggers lias dono much to build up the great city. Thero is no noed to repeat here how fortunes wero spent in a fow weoks in tho gilded man-traps of Molbourno, which yawned to rocoivo tho lucky and foolish digger. Such things havo boen worn thread- bare by ropotition. On tho principle of 'easy eomo, easy go,' it was only to bo oxpocfcd that tho simple pigeons would bo pounced upon by watchful hawks, but taking all things into consideration, tho history of thoso excited times proves that far moro honesty and fair dealing was abroad than tho many temptations which existed would lead ono to beliovo. With loss cause, San Francisco was in finitely worso in this respect than tho capital of Victoria, so that Melbournites havo causa to look with somo pride on tho early history of thoir city. Of courso, if any man with moro monoy than Bonso wished to enter upon tho downward courso of dissipation he could find iu Melbourno evory opportunity of doing bo, and many companions who would help him on tho Avernian road. If he did not wish to act the prodigal ho would find life nnd property as securo as in tho most orderly city of tho British Empire, nnd this fact undoubtedly in fluenced many, wealthy persons to permanently reside in the city, and ox panded it in so rapid a manner.' ThoMoliagal digger evidently took this Iattor view of life, nnd, instead of squan dering his money iu tho drinking hells I and othor disreputable places, ho took | quiet and respectable lodgings in a tor raco in Nicholson-street, opposite the present Exhibition building. His liking for tho tap-room and tho whisky bottlo had suddenly loft him, and ho walked in the path of rigid morality. Phillip Simpson was the name ho gave tho landlady, and, aftor a brief acquaint ance, that good woman vowed her now lodger was tho best she over had. ' He is no trouble, my dear.' sho con fidentially informed a lady friond. 'Ho never grumbles at his food ; his bed al ways suits him, and I am sure,' she added in a deep whisper, ' ho has plonty of money, because ho thinks aB littlo of a sovereign as I would of a shilling.' ? ' Is he a professional man ?' askod tho visitor/ ' I don't know ; he doesn't speak much, and whon he does he avoids mention of himself.' 'There is a mystery about him, then. It must be charming to havo a boarder who has a secret to conceal,' sho added, with a laugh, though not without a touch of malice, for sho, too, kopt a boarding house, and had been unfortunate with her lodgerw. 44 1 don't know whether ho has a sosrot or not, and I don't pry into my lodger's affairs. All I can say is that Mr. SimpBon is a very nice man,' replied tho laudladj', bridling up. Mr. Simpson, the 'vory nice man,' was certainly widely different from tho morose, solitary, and ill-tempered digger of Moliagul. Yet so it was. Tho leopard had changed his spots — tho transforma tion was complete. What had wrought tho alteration could only havo been tho gold. Tho lucro, which debases somo natures, had ap parently olovatod this one, and trans formed the uncouth and brutal pauper into tho polished and refined gentle man. Mr. Simpson was also fond of society — another phase of character from that pre sented nt Moliagul, whero ho lived liko a hormit. Society in thoso days was not vory exclusive — that is, if tho vory highest and vory limited circle bo excepted — and tho polite Mr. Simpson wns soon wel corned in many houses. His manner certainly entitled him to tho invitations ho received, and it was , whispered that his wealth was much greater than he cared to lot people know. Ho was not a boastful man, but what littlo ho said, ho did. and, with a faculty for multiplication which did thoir arith metical training credit, his acquaintance*! increased his banking account at Icarib tenfold. Whero ho came from, or what ho was — though it was gonorallv under stood ho was a lucky digger — few peoplo cared to aBk. It was Bufiiciont that ho had money, and conducted himself liko a gentleman. On a certain evening, about three months after ho took up his abodo in Melbourne, Mr. Simpson was invited to a rather select gathering at tho house of a friend iu Hothani- street, East Mel bourne. Ho had accepted the iuvittftion, for he made it a point of never refusing one if he could help it. His landlady had re marked that ho never spent an evening at home, but passed them in society. It was nine o'clock when ho roached his friend's house, and most of the-guests wero. assembled. His host, Mr. Evelyn, introduced'him to thoso ho did not know, and this rugged diggor, of a fow months ngo, settled down to his enjoyment with tho easy grace of a well-bred gentleman. Half-an-hour aftor Iub entry Mr. Evolyn approached and said : 44 Two friends of mine havo just ar rived, and I think they aro strangers to you. Let mo havo tho pleasure of intro ducing you.' 4 4 1 shall be most ploased,' ho answered ; and tho two crossed tho room to whoro a ?lady was seated, and a gentleman stand ing at her side. 44 Miss Devoreaux, my friend Mr. Simpson ; Mr. Ronnie, allow mo to intro duce Mr. Simpson.' Tho young lady bowed, and formality onded ; the four ontered into conversation on common-placo subjects. In a few minutes Evolyn hurried away to receive other guests who woro enter ing, and tho conversation nagged for a time. Neither Adeline Doveroaux or Ernest Rennio folt in much humor for talking, and, indood, they both looked as if tliey would rather be away from the gay . scone. Simpson felt it rather irksomewdoing all the talk, and on tho first opportunity, with a polite saluto, lie left'them. ' I would much rather I had not come, Mr. Rennie,' tho girl said, 'but I could not refuse tho kind invitation of my dear father's old friond.' 'I .hopo you will benefit by your acceptance, for you know that 4 all work aud no play'' and bo on is not good forany ono. You must not worry yourself too much with tho sad business we hayo in. hand ' he'said. anxiousK* i With forced gaioty ho rallied tho'girl into having a dance, after which tho Miss Evelyns carriod hor away and monopolised her for somo timo. Sho was seated conversing with tho eldest daughror, when Mr. Simpson Ap proached and took the vacant chair Re side her, upon which Miss i^velyn re tired. — (To be Continued ) v.Jlf M'^tS 