ECHOES FROM TALL MALL. 1 From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 24TH APRIH. When a young gentlomnn nt a olassical semi nary, through no fault of his own, but through tho mnlioious misunderstanding of his sohool- fellows, has beon mado an objoot of ridiaulo ho remains bo until somoone else, equally blamoloss and unluoky, takos his place. Tho same thing somotimos happens to adults. When I was quito grown up and my intelligonco had booomo mature — though this last wns hy somo donied — I wrote a paper in tho Nineteenth Century, pointing out that tiio gift of story telling, liko other mortal ondowmonts, was capable of oul- turc, and — promising that a man had a turn for it to begin with — that it oould be much improved by study and observation. At this a wind of ridi cule arose from all tho four quarters of literary criticism, enough to havo blown my lioad oft (if that had been of any aonsequonae to me, wliioh, however, I was assured was nut the onsc), nnd continued to blow until tiio present mouth. Now, however, I am thankful to say, it has ceased as far aa I am concerned, and is bent upon blowing Mr. Walter Bcsant'B head off in stead, for bis articlo in the New Review, where in bo ventures to advocate the same opinion. Ho goos, however, further, and asserts that tlio art of story telling is a science, and that " tlio tangled web wo woavc " when wo tell storiea is cnpnble of simplification by certain r.ules, which can bo taught and should bo taught. His oritics say of him — but tlio critics will say anything— that lio proposos to toaoh story telling to everybody, which would indeed bo an alarming look out ; but he pro poses nothing of tlio kind. ' Ho only maintains that, given tho gift, tlio way of using it to tlio boBt advantage can bo imparted to the pupil. I have nothing to do with tho matter now, thank heaven, and give no advico to any body ; but mcroiy as an outsider it does seem to mc that Mr. Besant has this considerable advan tage over his opponents, that ha thoroughly understands (for ho has provod it) what he is talking about. I notice one remark made by a High class literary organ on liis observation that a student of fiction should he taught bow to use ills tools. "A public sohool," it Bays, "will equip him with all tho arms that nra necessary," a statement which for unconscious humor can hardly ho surpassed. The nocossity in American oyos for "crooking up " tiio institutions of that groat country seems as great to-day as in tho time of Mr. Hnnnibnl CI i ol lop ; " our people mint bo craokod up" or else tlioy are "riled." An amusing oxampio of this is offered hy an Amorioan news paper in London, which in an excess of enter prising onthusinBm undertook to publish (un read wo must conclude) Mr. Rudyard Kipling's impressions of tiio Gront Repubiio. Ho is a grnphio nnd brillinnt writer, but, unfortunately, his viows of tho United Stntcs nro unfavorable ; nnd yet having, ns 1 suppose, boon paid for, they have to bo published. This puts tho American nowspnpor in rather an embarrassing position ; Mr. Kipling docs not liko Chicago (in moments of oonfldencc lio ts ovon reported to linvo described it as " a purposeless hell)," and yot Chicago has to ho desaribed in " our oolumns." The sclicmo tho newspaper lias hit upon to mitignto tho clfeot of his deplorahlo opinions is ingenious ; it deprecates by head lines the views that nro expressed below.' This is something liko falling fonl of one's own witnoss, a prao- tieo muoh disapproved of in tlio law ; but tlion what is ono to do ? This is what profnecs, in tho head lines, Mr. Kipling's remarks upon " Horriblo Chicago": — " Mr. Kipling doos not like the great city" — "Tho pooplo wiokedly try to mako money thcro " — " India is cvor so muoh better," and nil that sort of thing. Thoro is oven a touoliing attempt to break to American renders what is going to be said next week. " Next week Mr. Kipling will have Bomo fur ther shuso for tho unfortunate city of Ohioago." The newspaper in question is always amusing, hut it has never boen so funny ns this. A female member of the United l'roshyterinn Church hns been exhibiting too much zoal hy hurling bar Bible at a member of tho choir who was aslcop in the gullory. It hit somebody else, who was much astonished, although hardly moro bo than tho preacher. The lady roso at once and explained mutters : "The Biblo struok tho wrong man, 'twas meant to wauken tlio sinfu' sleeper;" Tho question tlion seoms to havo dropped. Dr. South, whon preaohing before Charles II., treated a similar Incident with much moro delicacy and refinement. Por- coiving tho monnioh and liis courtiers to be all in the Land of Nod, ho addressed himself to ono of them who wa3 snoring. ' " Lord Lauder dale, I am sorry to interrupt your repose, but I must entreat you not to snoro so loud, lest you awaken his Majesty. " Tho ghost of Carlylc must regret that tlio art of epistolary correspondence was evor invented, for that of " polite letter writing '' was unknown to him. If we aro most ourselves, as some pooplo say, in our private letters, tlio philosopher of Cholsca wns to bo pitied. "Whatever rcoord of him in this lino "leaps to lifo "loaves him worse than it found him. Tho last precious cxaniplo Riven hy the Pall Mall Qasetle is freo indeed from abuse of his literary brothren, and exhibits no particular malice or envy, hut only an intolerable selfishness. It describes a trip abroad whioh he takos with Mr. and Mrs. Browning — whom ho eallB " the woman "—and tlio way in whioh lie washes his hands of evory kind of trouble incident to travel, and leaves it to his fellow passengers, is silnply shameful. Nothing has horetoforo appeared whioh has stamped iiim moro deoidedly as what Bernal Osborno callod him, a bore. A Paris editor line boon inquiring of the oiiief writers of liis country whether tlioy would rather bo cremated or buried. It is, literally, a grave quostion, hut ono regrots to find that some of them do not take it with suflioiont seriousness. " Your question, my dear confrirc," replies M. Francois Coppco, " reminds me of tho culinary rcoipe— 'Tho rabbit wants to bo skinuod alive ; tho bare prefers to wait.' I am like tho hare." M. Henri do Hornier is also in favor of adjourn ment — "To bo reduced to pulp or ashes? Well, I would rather not hiake my choice just now." M. Alphonso Daudot is also of opinion that the question is a little " previous." As to being " eitlior buried or burnt, I must sny tlioy strike me at presont as boing equally disagree able." "Burnod, burned?" says M. Snrdou, "it will give mo muoh pleasure to bo burnt." Tho roplies of theso gontlemcn will certainly strengthen tho popular bcliof that Frenchmen nro inclined to be frivolous. Fero Hyacinth is careless about tho matter ; "the essential tiling is not to be buried alive." M. Zola leaves tlio choice to the decision of liis surviving relatives. M. Jules Simon also leaves "the alternative of tlio cinerarium or tlio manure lioap" to his offspring, " whioh evor lriay cause them tho lonst horror." Tho only literary gentlomnn who "drops into pootry"on tlia subject is M. Avmand Sylvcstro, who " profors the ground from \idiioh flowors spring for lovers to that infinite space in wliioh the stars are perhaps only the latest lio of the gods." In spite of tlio growth of tho commercial spirit, there aro a good many pooplo who aro not only unacquainted with business matters, but cannot he got to understand them ; they are to them what Grook is to tlio average school boy. Evon among businoss peoplo themselves, or nt alt events peoplo engaged in commerco, thoro is a great ignorance of ordinary cOm- mcroihl transactions. A olioquo wns sent the otlior day hy olio of our leading magazines to a contributor abroad for twenty guinons, accom panied as UBiml by a printed- form of receipt/ whioli he was to sign and return. Ho cashed tiie oliequo at a foroign bank, nnd then cashed tho receipt at another fur tho samo Bum. Tho bank paBsed it through other foroign bankers,; and it arrived at homo with half a dozen names, nnd an affichc pasted on it, describing its percgrinntions. The last holder wns quite) astonished that tho proprietor of the magnzini dia not hold himself' responsible for this novo "promise to pay." Tho mistake, porhaps originated in tlio fact that the Government ir tills country, and doubtless in others, pay somi of itB officials in this manner ; it gives then not a cheque, hut a receipt, wliioh, afto aignnturo, is paid into thoir bank and counts a 6ash. But for somo errors of this desofiptiol thoro is no sucli excuse. A stock broke recently sent a credit note for £110 to a lad.' cliont, tho result of a certain investment, an lier butclicr, taking it ns a legal tender, cnslia it for her, minus tiie bill sho happened to o\J him. Both ho and sbo woro. very mui astonished whon his banker declined to add it his acoount. Sho naturally foil foul of I stock broker, who, on the other hand, was at gratnjntod by liis friends on tho oonfidet which had been reposed ill his credit note. In the United Stat'cs, though they retain so — f natural justico in whioh somo of our judges nro ' deplorably dofioiont. An individual is thero looked upon with approval, instead of getting 20 years' penal sorvitudo, who wipes out a ruffian or two with his revolver, when his lifo. is threatened by roughs and loafers. A young woman, employed nt a restaurant, was besot on her way homo at night by thrco ruffians, from whom with difficulty sho cseapod by rotracing her stops. She wont back to tho restaurant and procured a revolver, with whicli sho onco moro started for homo. Tho samo thrco men again attacked lior, but this timo sho did not fly, but Bliot a couplo of thorn, which has givon great and gonoral satisfaction. I romombor a similar instance of this return for a wenpon in tho old highwaymen days on Maidenhead Thicket. A stalwart farmer from Reading market was stoppod in his gig by two footpads with blud geons, who had drawn a rope aorosB tho road. Thoy took £20 off him, and he drove away indulging in muoh bad languago and bittor regrets. Suddonly he remembered that undor tho seat of the gig lie had a roaping hook whioh he had taken to Roading to bo repaired. Ho at onco mndo a wide circuit over tlio Hcntli, so as to appear to bo ooming from market again, nnd was stopped, as lio had oxpoctod, by tho samo two gontlemcn of tho road ; hut this timo ho was more prepared for them, nnd jumping out of tho gig, ho laid about him bo vigorously with his woapon that both tho scoundrels were soon at his mercy. Ho took baok his £20, and also all tho other monoy they had in their pockets (for " wear and tear " or " working expenses"), and jogged homo a rlchor man, with tho addi tional satisfaction of having performed a good action. A week or two ago tho nowspapors reported a very curious will. An oxcollont husband not oniy provided iuinusomoiy for his widow, out i for tho gontloman (not anyone in particular, hut any gentlomnn) whom sho might afterwards marry, nnd evon for tlio possible children of that union. Ono has heard of this and that person being " tho best of husbands," but liore, nil tlio ladies agreed, must bo tho vory man. Thoy said that thero had novor boen his parallel; but in this tlioy woro mistaken. In tho course of some miscellaneous reading tho other day I came across tho last words of Sir John Gor- main, who diod In 1718. Ho onllcd his wifo to liis bodside, nnd thus addressed lior : — "Lady Botty, I hnvo mado you a very indifferent husband, and particularly of Into years, when infirmities hnvo ren dered mo a burthen to myself ; but I shall not be much longer troublcsomo to you. I adviso you novor again to marry an old man ; but I strenuously exhort you to marry whon I am gone, and I will endeavor to put it in your power. You liavo fulfilled every obligation to wards mo in an exomplary manner, and I wish to demonstrate my sonso of your merits. I havo therefore, by my will, bequeathed to you this ostato (Drayton, in Northamptonshire), wliioh I received from my first wifo ; nnd which, ns she gave it to mc, so I leavo it to you. 1 hope you will marry and have children to inherit it." Lady Betty, though loft young a widow, and though sho survived Sir John 50 years, never married a second time. Thoro are degrees of wrotohedness oven in praetical jokes. The imbecile who drosses up as a ghost to frighten women and children docs not desorvo "to be put to death to slow musio " so much as tlio idiot who points a gun at you in fun ; ho ought only to bo vory soundly whipped. And there are mnny practical jokes of an unin tentionally harmloss kinil, though thoy aro all uhominablo. Ono very common example — and thoro aro two of tliem at this present writing in the largest thoroughfare in Loudon — is tlio put ting nil immense olock outsido your shop, appa rently for tho public benefit, and then neglcot- ing to keep it going. This almost always means bankruptcy ; tfiat tlio affairs of the establishment aro all boing wound up except the clook; hut though this may ho an excuse for the orimo it is no satisfaction to tlio passer by for having been misled ns to the time of day. Another objectionable instance is the asking of a riddle to which there is in reality no reply. To be asked a riddlo at all is a serious offence ; Sydney Smith says, " Let the man be taken to inBtnnt execution " before he lias time to get to "my third," much more to "my whole;" hut a riddlo without an answor is an outrago. "What is very eurious the finest of all charade makers — so far as the vorso is concerned — "Win- sb'op MncUworth Praed, hns left behind a puzzle of'this kind. An answor has indeed been found for it, but it is clearly not tho right answor ; it would novor havo satisfied tlio author own fastidious taste in suoli matters. Sir Hilary charged at Aginoourt ; Soctli 'twas an awful day. And though In that old ago of sport Tin rufders of tho camp und court Ilal littlo time to pray, 'Tii said Sir Hilary uttoreil there Two syllables l>y way of prayer. Mi first to all tho bravo and proud Wlo soo to-morrow's sun ; M; next, with her cold nnd quiot cloud Tothoso wiio find their doivy shroud Bcore to-day's is done ; Aid both together to nil bltio oyos Tint weop when a warrior nobly dies. Now nohing hotter hn3 ever been givon aB an answer v this than Good Night. It is almost impossillo that Praed could havo invented a conclusen so lomo and impotent; but if not, unless amcbody hits oo a bettor conclusion, wo must cotoltido that ho has played a practical joke uph posterity. Otic f tlio plensnntost books of travel of a rocont ate is Holland and Us People, trans lated fnm the Italian by Caroline Tiltou. I I especial)' roeommend it to thoso who are j iuterestd in the tobacco question. "If there bo a ppple," as Esqninoz observes, "whoso intellects of tlio clearest and highest, who havo warred (gainst every national difficulty and ovorconi it, nnd are tlio tho least given up to idleness-it is tho Dutch." Yet so universal is their libit of smoking that distances by tho diligenc (which is, of course, an aquatic one) are mcriired not by miles, but by pipes — that is, by tb consumption of tliem. " When you enter aiousc, tho host, nftor the first saluta tion, ofirs yoti a cigar, and when you take your leave li-not only hands you another, but insists on fillii; your oigar case. In tlio streets you seo perins lighting a fresh cigar with the burn ing stuqi of tho last one, and with tho busy air of pple who do not wisii to lose a moment of timor a mouthful of smoke." So fur from this licit producing want of appotito, Dutch- moil e: prodigiously, five meals a day. Tho liquor, ostead of being a distraotion, i3 a stimu- ant, r.d an aid to labor. "Smoko," said a Dutoliun to the author, "is our second breath, and a gar tlio sixth fingor of ono hand." Of course, tho oouutry is damp and tobacco is cheap, out considering tho inveteracy of this habit rd what comes of it, tho Dutchman may point I these facts (with his sixtli finger) and requesthe Anti- Tobacco Sooioty to draw thoir coucluons mild. 