Theatrical Topics. Miss Janet Aohnroh and her well selected company scored a dcoided aaooeBS in Charles Rcade'a comody drama, " Masks and Faooa," at the Gntriok Theatre, Sydnoy, on Saturday night. Mrs. Langtry has carried tho favour of tho "pittites" by making alterations in tho diroe- tinn of increased oomfort fur thorn at the Princess's Theatre, London, whioh reoponod on the last night of March with a now play oalloi "Lady Barter." At tho Vaudevillo Mr. Thomas Thorno has in preparation anew play by an Amerioan author oBlled "Diamond Deane," whioh will suooeod " Wheelbarrow Farm" when tho nttraotions of tbo latter begin to wano. Mrs. Hodgson Burnett (author of Little Lord Fauutlcroy) has left England for liar homo in Washington, Amerios, where sho will sot to work on two stories and a play, whioh sho has had to negleot on aocennt of the long illness and sad death of her littlo son. Mies Helen Bany, who is at present in New York, is preparing an adaptation from tho Getmun, called "A Night's Froiio," whioh is said to be most amusing, and to have a long oiroor beforo it. No Icbs than throo adaptors were employed upon it. It is said that Mr. D'Oyly Carto refused to tske any pajmont from tha Queen for tho ro oent pocformnnoe at Windsor. It was offered es amatter of coarse, hut refused on the ground that the honour of performing bofore Her Mujesty was roward enough. Mr. Irving has been mado a mombor of tho Marlborough Club, hie uauio haxjntr lu-nn sub mitted by tbo Prince of Wales, c.n honour whioh is tho morn marked inasmuch as only thorn " pro- eminently distinguished for publio sor- vico " aro eligible for eleotiou. Boport says that "Lady Bartor" at tho Princess, London, has not proved s> suooosslul us was hoped, and that Mrs. Langtry is con- ttr: plating putting "Peril" in rohoardal for immediate produotion. Mrs. Langtry, it will ho remembered, was formerly vory successful iu this p'uy. Tho Queen has boon ploasod to honour Mr. John Hsro by proeeuting him with a handsomo foarf pin as a momento of his appoaranco be foro her Ma jesty at Windsor Castle, on Maroh 17\. The design is tho Imperial monogram " V.11.I." in diamonds, surmounted by tho Im perial crown in gold sot with diamonds. A clever Frenoh comedian, when n young ard e'ruggling uotor ia Paris, hit on an in genious plan to savo hiunclf tho walk from the theairo, ufter rehearsal, to his lodgings, whioli wo.o situated near tho Montmartro oemetory. Ho dressed iu black, aud if ho uspicd a femora! procession with a vacant seat in any ono of tho conches, he promptly pulled out a handkerchief, and hid his face in it wbilo huiiiug tho vchialo. Uud, r tho impression thnt he was ono of the monrmrs who had arrived lata, those iu aharge immediately instullod him in tha vuoant scat. Tho Ibsenitoa cannot complain of thoir favourite being kept in tho background. Not only hsB " Eosmorshoim" beon twioo performed lately, ard "Ghosts" produced this week at tho "Independent Theatre of London," bat (remarks tho European Mail) Mr. Wilson Bar ret promises " Tho rillars of flooioty" at tho Now Olympio, and Miss Marion Lon, with Miss Elizabeth Rotins's help, is going to undortake " Hidda Gabler while there is a report Hint Mies Mario Fencer is thinking of producing "Tho Wild Dook." Horn is a feast of roncon, indeed, for thoso who liko tho faro. Mr. Henry Arthur Jones, tho distinguished drnmatio author, is a vory pleasant and un- affeoted man. In appearanco ho ia small and oheoriul looking, with bright eyes and fair brown hair. Mr. Jones livos near Rogent's Park, and ooonpies Mr. Alma Tadomu's old houso. His wifo is his moBt devoted assistant. Whrnle is writing sho Bits for hours in bis study as still as a monso, not oven reading, leBt tho noise of tho turning pages should dis turb her huBband. As soon as a scene is finithed, she listens while it is road aloud, and makes any romarks or suggestions that occur to her. Although so popular and suooessful, Mr. Jones is a singularly modest man, and reooivea tho compliments and oongratalationa that are showered upon him with a oomposaro whioh eoao well known authors would do woll to emulate. The coming novolties at tho Burg Theatre Berlin (says the Queen), include Bnrdou' "Juliotta" and Carmon Sylva's "Masto Munoli," whereas the Opera is busily en gaged with rehearsing Masoagni's " Caval- leria ruBtioana," and a new ballet in two acts, composed by a Yiennese, and entitlod I "Ronge et noir." Ernesto Rossi diatin- gu'ehod himself in his series of performances of Othello, King Lear, Hamlet, Louis Onzs, and Alexandor Dumos's "Kean," and last, but by no moans losst, in Count Tolstoi's great tragedy, "The Death of Ivan tho Terrible." Rossi studied the titlo rob of tho latter phae at tbo Ozar's express wish, as his Mujesty desired the great Italian tragedian and his company to perform tho piece at tbo Palaooof Gatohina. In Johnson's "The Middleman," tha actor Lobe personified tho inventor, Danoan, with anch remarkablo ability, that he eeoured to the piece a decided sacooss in the faoe of adverse criticisms of the work. Tho plot, aB woll ns the sceneB of English life and habits are so altered in the German version, and the conversion in- sorted is repeatedly so irreoonoilable with the whole tendonoy of the drama, that it could not possibly please the fastidious taBte of a Viennese audience. The German "Arbeit" wants a good deal of polishing up before it may bo com pared with tho English original. As far as theatrical matters aro conoerned, there is fall reoiprooity between the mother- country and her Australasian oolonios (cats a London correspondent). All our bast com panies now viste tho antipodes aa rogularly as tho British provinces. Mr. Toolo is on his way homo. Tho Gaiety Company will go out oh April 24 in the Lueitania. On the othor hand, ; Australian aotors and aotresses swarm in Lon don, and a colonist looking into tho Adelphi, Darmstotor's, or any of tho other places whero tho profession do most oongrerato might bo oertain of mooting friends Miss Digby, the French lady who married in Now Zealand, and whoBe olovor impersonation of the Frenoh Princess Kathorine ib yet remembered in Mel bourne, is here. Bo is Miss Ida Herbert, play ing in "Now Lamps for Old." Bo aie Mr. Paige, Mr. Colo Aspinali, and a host of others. Mr. J. H. Olyndee, last, but not loaat, has just made his first appear anoe in London after his two years' stay in Australia at the Standard, whore ho had a big reooption as Tom Robinson in Oharlea Read's " It's Novor Too Late to Mond." For somo reason hot easy to explain the Australian scenes of the piooe always Beern lacking in interest, bnt In the prison soone Mr. Clyndes was at his very best, and displayed mnoh true pathos. In the provinces Miss Amy Bherwin is still winning golden opinions, and her Margherita is ono of the great features of the Carl Rosa " Carmen" Opera Company. 