AFTER THE CRIME. It was at the extremity of the Tillage. A window opened suddenly and a man appeared at it, his features livid, his eye haggard, his lip agitated lay a convulsive quiver; his haud was armed with a knife from which blood was falling drop by drop. He cast a glance over the silent country; then he leaped to the ground and began to run acroBB the fields. At the end of a quarter of an hour lie stopped, exhausted out of breath, at the edge of a wood, twenty paces from a great highway. He sought the moBt bushy, the most impenetrable epot, slipped in there without bother ing himself about the briars which tore him; then he dug up the ground frith his knife until a hole was made A foot deep; he placed the bloody weapon in it, filled it with the soil he had removed, coyered it with sods which he trod down firmly, after which he seated himself upon the damp grass. He listened and seemed frightened by the silence which brooded over the country. It was the hour when darkness is replaced by that gray and uniform tint which is neither day nor night, and through which objects floated like ghosts. It appeared to him that he was alone in this funereal immensity, amid this mute and dull nature. Al! at once a sound made him start, it was the axletree of a cart which was creaking on the highway, a league from there, perhaps; but in the silence this strange and discordant noise was heard with singular distinctness. Then nature awoke, little by little. The lark shot from the ground to wards the blue sky, uttering those notes at once bewildered and charming, from which overflow so much life and happiness; a winged tribe began to sing and palpitate among the leaves trickling "with dew; from everywhere, in short, from the moss where prowls the golden insect, to the highest branch of the oak, where the bird quivers voluptuously in the ether, arose that matin concert so harmoni ous in its confusion, so powerful in its delirium, which gushes forth with the first rays from the orient, and which one may call the hymn to the sun. .Naturebloomed radiant and virginal; all was grace, coolness, sparkle in the forest; all was calmness and repose in j the plain, the vast lines of which 1 undulated to infinity, the gray tones of which were illuminated beneath the glitter of the blue sky. The murderer arose; his limbs trembled and his teeth chattered. He cast frightened glances about him; then he cautiously parted the brandies pausing, starting, suddenly turning hia head at the slightest noise; finaliy he quitted the tangled thicket, in the midst of which he had buried hia knife. He plunged deeper into the forest, always seeking the most sombre spots, avoiding the glades and paths, making frequent halts to listen or to sound the wood with his eye before ventur ing further in. He walked thus the entire day with out noticing his fatigue, so great was the anguish which had possession of him. He stopped at the entrance of a forest of lofty beech trees, the impos ing trunks of which shot up, white and smooth, like thousands of columns with capitals of foliage. A calm light, a harmonious silence augmented the impression of grandeur and absorption which came from this beautiful nature. Something animated seemed to palpi tate in the luminous obscurity which sifted through the motionless aud sombre leaves ; it vrae as if a soul were hovering through the semi-darkness and murmuring mysterious syllables among the shadows. The fugitive felt ill at ease, and crawling like a reptile, west to crouch beneath a confusion of briars, the thickness of which completely hid him. "How hungry I am?" he mur mured. The Bound of hie voice made him shiver; it was the first time he had heard it since the murder, and it resounded in his ear like a funeral knell and a menace. He remained for several instants motionless, holding his breath as if afraid he had been heard. When he had recovered a little calmness he began to search his pockets, one after the other; they con tained a few sous. "Itis enough" said he, in a low tone; " in six hours I shall have passed the frontier; then I can ask for* work —I shall be safe!" At the expiration of an hour he felt that the cold was benumbing his limbs, for with the night the dew had fallen,' and his only garments were a blouse and duck pantaloons; he arose, cautiously left his briar ticket and resumed his tramp. He did not pause until the first glimmer of dawn. He had readied the limit of the forest; now he would be compelled to enter the open country, walk in the full light, and, stricken with terror at this thought,' he was afraid to take another step in advance. While he kept himself con cealed in a copse the clatter of horse's hoofs was heard. He turned pale. " The gendarmes!" stammered he, casting himself upon the ground. It was a laborer on the way to the field, with two horses harnessed to a plough ; he was whistling a local air the while unravelling the lash of his whip. _ Jacques ?" a voice called out to him. The peasant wheeled about. " Ah! it's you, is it, Prancoise ? Y«u are out very early this morning." "DameI Iam going to wash this bundle of clothes at the spring, and it's no small distance." "I shall pass within a couple of steps of it; put your bundle on one of my horses." " £bank you. How are your wife and little oues ?" " I am the sickest of the family " said Jacques, with a hearty laugh "everything is all right—work, joy" and health. And he tried the lash of his whip the sonorous snap of which was' repeated by one echo after another The murdered followed him for a longtime with his eyes j then a deep sigh escaped him, and hia glance wandered over the country which stretched out before him. "Come," murmured he, "I mast hurry ahead ; it has been twenty-four hours since I . It must he dis covered, now they are hunting for me." ° Again he stumbled onward. In about ten minutes he saw a belfry shoot up. Then he slackened his pace a prey to a thousand con flicting feelings, attracted towards the village by the hunger which was mak ing him giddy, held back by fear whieh urged him to flee from human dwellings. However,^ after a long struggle during which he had constantly advanced by gliding behind the huts and clumps of tree, he was about to enter the village, when he saw some thing sparkle 200 paces away. 1,-1? 7^1the b,rasf Pkte and eahre failt of the garda champetre. [ " He has my description, perhaps," murmured the fugitive. And, draw | ing bacfc hastily, he ran to a email i wood which extended to hia left. ! ; He penetrated it with great strides, forgetting his hunger, thinking only | of escaping from the village and the j garde champetre. But he soon reached the limit of the wood, which was merely a few acres in entent. Beyond it the plain opened. As he looked out from the branches to see the country, he caught sight of a man eating his breakfast, It was Jacques, the laborer. Nothing could be more agreeable than the little corner which he had made his dining-room. It was a kind of sunken pebbly ravine, crossed by two deep ruts, but its clefts and rongh places—carpeted with grass and moss —all were edged with climbing plants, with green, yellow, or purple leaves, according to the caprice of that power ful coloriut called autumn. The robust peasant's teeth plunged into his brown bread with an appetite which would have made a millionaire desire to share his frugal repast, and he paused only from time to time, to eay au encouraging word to hie two an<ruals>, which, a few paces from him, were fraternally devouring the same bundle of hay. " That man is happy," murmured the murderer. Then he added, but in the depths of his conscience—" Yes, i toil, family love, peace and happiness —lie has them all 1" He was tempted to accost Jacques and ask him for a morsel of bread; but a glance at his ragged garments prevented him from showing himself, and, besides, it seemed to him that his features bore the imprint of his crime and would denounce him to every eye. Suddenly he grew pale; a nervous trembling shook all his limbs, and his features contracted like those of an epileptic. " There they are," Btammered he, his glance fixed upon a point of the road. Daring this time the gendarmes were rapidly approaching. The gallop of the horses and the clatter of the weapons suddenly restored him his presence of mind, and, perceiving an elm tree, the thick foliage of which promised io be impenetrable to the sight, he climbed into it with the agility of a squirrel. He was in safety at the moment the two gendarmes halted on tlie highway, a few paces distant from him. He listened, motionless, aghast, a prey to such violent emotion that he Ixeard the beating of his heart iu Lis breast. " fchall we search this grove f" asked one of the gendarmes. " Oh," answered the other, " it is too small; our man would never have taken refuge there, but rather in the forest/' " Neverthless, it would be prudent to take a look into it." I " No," replied the other gendarme, " we would lose time, and the assassin is already ten hours in advance of us." And they departed at a trot. The murderer breathed ; he felt life | return to him. But, that anguishover, : a torment forgotten for a moment, | again took possession of him, and he cried out; " Mon Dieu! how hungry I am." For forty-eight hours he had not eaten. His legs bent beneath him, his sight grew dim, and there was a buzzing in his ears. But, notwithstanding, he no longer thought of going io the village to ask for bread. The gendarme! the scaf i fold 1—those two phantoms constantly arose before him and controlled even his hunger. As his uneasy ear listened to the noises of the country, mournful tolling made him start. It was the bell of the village, sound ing the funeral knell. The murderer listened, pale, moved, quivering at each stroke as if the clap er of the bell had struck upon his eart. Then great tears gushed slowly from his eyes and flowed down his cheeks, but he did not notice them, did not think of wiping them away. (To be continued.) 