JUtmjgemenlSu THE OPERA. On-Saturday night, the Theatre Royal was f;»:ly well filled, when ** L7u Bilii " was ri^nsated in the.preaencc ef His Excellency the Governor and suite. . i'he cast was the saiu'i Of on the previous productions except that Kiynor Jlekwsi took v!:e.;virt oi RtfiiaVj, Of course his splendid Iwritous added ui>nsid:>rably eotthe suechss-of the oficra. Signora G lidotti a«d S.'gnoriaa Mattioli'Jirore again rewarded by frequent marks of the. warmest approval as ware also the other4}rin<5ic»ls. To-ni?»ht *' La Sounauibula" will be presented. The plot is generally well known, bat a short outline may prove cf assistance. In a Swiss village their lived Amina and Elvino. 'i'ba former apoor but beautiful village maiden, tlto latter a ri':h, prosperous farmer. There wfifi also the -village innkeeper, one Mistress Liia, who had lost the love of Elvino by reason of -the transfer to Amina. S ealousy, of course, resulted. The village -had a ghost which nightly passed -to a certain-bcdroom of the inn. In time Elvino and Amina were betrothed. On the day when the marriage contract was signed, that is, tfco one preceding the religious cesxaiony, there arrived the ltrd of the village, who had been absent &r; many years. He ,-was in the haunted bedroom conversing wish Liza when <ihe phautoe appeared and entered the room. .The lord -undaunted confronted it, and dii&overed; thatit was the village maiden, and at -once saw . that she was a GOTinambulist. She passed on to the bed, u]K>n whiok she laid down, whisl»eria(T EJ vino's -came, and slept. The lord at once left the room, sed Liza, who hidden, also discovered the identity of the ph^ntccn, saw her cp)>ortuiiity for revenge. She admitted the villagers, who fonnd the poorgirf sleeping on Abe Count's ted. Elvino was • with them. .Amina waking cried, " Where .am I," Eiiino thrusticc her from him ttcile the uilagers told her of her supposed crime. The nest day the betrotJialring was retejned, and tlvino proposed to iiiza. In tbc evening as the chief persons.is the story were sitting before the inn the lord appeared, acd told the true stary, but was -disbelieved. Ikring his rcoital the phantom .^.-peared crosdug over i the old ruined bsi^ge, the pass&f;?j of whick was extremely dasjgerous. Elffjco at once-saw his error, and -could have Ewbed to the rescue of his first lave, but was tiepped by tie lord. With horror it was seec that the • bridge cracked, bui did not brake, ^.nd the lanjp was shaken frociier grasp, yet. carefully 6te still walked on proving that she .was in a stete of somnambuliein. She spofce in her sleep of Elvino, and felt for the riof; which bchad taken from her. This he tfc«c placed on her finger, and she .awoke to tiad' that the ua-ust accusations of iher lover the vUIa^;rs >vere retracted, =and she is onoe more uukjd to the one she-lavrd. The caetii-pijears in business columns. 