.' AiTASTROPHE AT THE CASINO. 'T - rTrAti D. 0N02, Not long after the Casino of the Central Park was first thrown open to the public, ,three persone regularly visited its refresh ment ealoons, who were not long in exciting :aoeervation by their remarkable conduot. They never spoke a syllable, either to each . omer or anyone else; even their order being given to the waiter upon a slip of paper by 'one-of the three. -'They were certainly not deaf, because the waiter's spoken announcement of the ex pease incurred was always instantly as " oented to by a general bow of the head, and an immediate production of the money de 'mended. . If dumb, they need no esgns of the hands, or otherwise, to communicate with each : ther. Their demeanor was invariably of the deepest gloom. The. looks which they Socasionaly cast at each other bore no traces of affection, nothing of the glow of friendship bht were stony and cold, as with mutual re 'sentment and repulsion. They appeared to take no pleasure in the food they ate, though oonristing of the most delicate and tempting viande, but devoured f' it with the mechanical coldness of pbantome or ghoula. All were clothed in the deepest, richest black. The faces of all were utterly ?devoid of color; that of the lady was very pretty, though she was to longer young, and poseseeed of a figure inclined to embon S01 ourse the appearance of this singular trio regularly once or twice a week through San entire eeason, at such a fasehionable resort, could not fail to command curioaity and attention. They came to be known among the clerks and other attendants as the three ghouls of the Casino, and many were thboe peculations t as to who they weore, and what was the" meaning of their singular demeanor. In.the meantime, however, the silent strangers grew gloomier and more ghoul- like at every visit: and the dull cold glare of re. eeotment in the eyes of each appeared to daily increase in intensity of hate. , At last there camea catastrophe. It was a lovely, afternoon, and the Casino was thronged. And then the three strangers r, began to adopt a most novel mode of lan go - ge. They began to hiss at eaeh other as if posseeessd by a multitude of piseonoos ser pe nte. Their eyes blazed like basilieke; '. heir teeth glittered through their shrunken lips, and still they hissed and hissed with Ahe fury of fiends. :Tney were instantly. surrounded by a wondering crowd, members of which could not forbear exclaiming, "Shame I shame I" at such an unnatural exhibition of eerpen tine spite and malevolence. .*: But the three beings thus unfortonately possessed only hissed the loader, and ac -oempanied their sibllations by fierce and , threatening geeticulation. The lady appeared, more furionus than " either of her companibn.s She hissed away like a pythoness, and her face, nusually so Sadaveroneus in hue, glowed like the illumi .,. nated rind of a "Jack.o'-Lsanern, "le she mad ?" "Are they all erazy?"' ' Send for an oelicerI" and similar ejaoula tions fell from the lips of the wondering and \- horrified spectators; but without any effect i-upon the snake.filled strangers. \- At last the men worked themselves into a fi: fendish rage, and sprang to their feet. One of them drew a knife, and before he =:-;could be prevented, thrustt i into the bosom Sof his opponent. A cry of horror rang through the saloon; but this was changed .to one of wonder at the conduct of the wounded man. He simply drew his coat over the hilt of the dagger, which still "i building as if bewere unhurt. But, before he departed, the only words that had ever -been heard to proceed from the myesteirous trio fell from his lips. "Fiends l" he hiessed; "by the serpent spell that governs ous all, I will yet haunt ye both I Farewell I Ye may have destroyed my body, bot the cobra-spirit in my nature will follow you on, and poiuon ye for ,ever I' He vanished, and thoseo who followed him to the door instantly lost eight of him, as thoogh he had melted into thin air. A: storm of triumphant hises from the remaining pair was their only reply to the -:;imprecation of thrir defeated fellow; and then they resumed come wine they had been disoossing,and became as sombre and silent .`"'as.ever. : "Seize the murdererl Run for a police .-'man?" cried the now thoroughly- excited ! "-"crowd, gathering around with threatening geetures, which, however, had no effect upon : i:thepair. . Apoliceman was summoned. Hehappened St be of the ultra-phlegmatic and matter- of. '-'fact variety, who are in the habit of taking -; everything easily. ' A::bfter hearing the story of the desperate s:? stabbing, and the sudden evaporation of the murdered. man, he regarded the remaining. :man and woman with considerable non -?,chalance, and remaerked: -"Looks to me like a regular bilk. :Murdered men don't slope out of sight with knives stinking in their hearts. No need of ar: w row abaoutnothing." - He walked leisurely off, much to the dis :di pstisfaetion of thes. crowd; and the silent r~?-manwith hitsilent partner, coolly finished 'ee their wine, paid for it,' and departed for S.i their carriage, as had been their custom. ':. Those .who witnessed their departure "i ,averred that from the depths of the myster n;ionia coach:there was heard to issue low and 1r:multitudinous hissinge, as from a whole nest 0of wrangling serpents. rt ' :As the gentleman and ladycontinoed- heir regular visits to the Casino, the absence of S:'their whilom companion confirmodmany in .th: e conviction that the mprder had been no 'sham: but an actual and frightful tragedy; "and the 'pair were regarded with growing \--suspicion and dread. ';One day, when they were sitting at the " 'table they OEulily oacupied--os far apart '".from the'rest ca possible-a sudden reoump. "tioni of the hieing eounds instantly rivetted utipon tthe the most intense and anxious "er 'e finy. : But this time the hisses were neither i'erce n?br loud. They were low, tremulous, . and hesitating, ie of enskes in terror and l2pai?. The man and the woman drew to ?gebhor, bshiveringly, as if stricken by sudden goats of icy wind, and glanced at the open ',door, with expectant horror upon their corpse : like faeee. All eyes were turned in the same direction m' id so breathless was the suspense that a vpin might hove been heard to drop. :- The ghost of the murdered man glided into ,the light of the spaoious doorway, and stood Sminotionless for an instant, giving utterance ,;simply to a low, sardonis sibilation, which Susrdled the blood of all who heard, and S'caused the guilty couple to cower and ehud. S:iler in abject horror. S'The ghost was attired preelsely as when \- last beheld in the saloon, much after the ,manner of Dion Boutieault's "Phantom," ,:save that e "Hi waist was bound with him waist-band , -,round, ci His burnished store-pipe gleamed on high, aBut his breast was bare, with the red wounds . - ,, there, reAnd,dadrkwasthe glare of his glassy eye." :.:.I'bhe dagger remained planted in his breast. \- bHe pointed to itwith a movoelessa finger, and io± otben glided-forward without a sound. The ao .ladis?arer too muth.,frightened to osteam, i asibhatrneod-perleetly-white with terror. .The iJ''Eaitera blanched to theolor of their aprons, eveiBotthe ighilty obuple presented the most h-pitiable sight. -They actually wilted beneath 1-'ithe:avenging hands whiob the phantom cx. lltendedmenachingly above them. -: T- ,-tableau might have, reached even a ,'mon-ghstly extremity had not a personage Satthis moment strolled inf for whom the s:;upernatural, or its,;imitationse, :had but .soeanty" tenors,: This was the phlegmatic :"? What's this :tom.foolery T' -he blandly a iclarkad; itsthermstimetime giving the hideous phantom a slap on the back which Smadea mundane being of him in the twinkl. inog of an eye. SThe man of unpoetie phlegmthen plutoked the dagger from the phantom'e breast, and sent him reeling back from a punch in the ribs with hie stalwart elbow. " Now, bleed to death, if you will!" he exclaimed, with savage cruelty. "You see, ladies and gentlemen," he continued, holding up the murderoneus poinard, and working it with bis hands; "didn't I tell you how it was all a bilk. This is a trick dagger, whose blade runs into the hilt, and that vagabond was never hurt a bit." A cry of rage buret from the crowd who had been so egregiously sold, and a move; ment was made toward the "phantom" and his friends, thelatterof whom had arieen and began to his anew. "No more of that I" cried the officer, swinging his club, angrily. " peak out, or come to the lockup I" They understood his gesture, if not his words; and etraigtbaway those mysteriou? and thooghtless ones began to speak French a: a rate that would have alarmed an army ol Germans. " Who understands their liano ?" reared the olomer, clapping his hands to his care. A little dapper gentleman, pale with trepidation, came forward and explained, in broken E oglish, that he was the agent of the gentleman and lady, who were French monntebanEs (renowned artists, hoe clled them), whom he had "brought over to this country. Pending their appearance at a certain Bowery establishment, he had adopted this innocent mode of enhanoing their importance, intending to make a regular newspaper expoer ehortly before their legitimate appearance, and thus insure over whelming houses. This explanation was made under osuch ludicrous terror, that the good humor of the majority of the throng was thoroughly re stored, and the discomfited acrobats and sword swallowers, with their little agent, were suffered to depart unmolested; but there were many who remembered, with no degree of satisfaotion, how completely they had been "sold" in the Casino. 