WHAT IS IX ? : . THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES-' GUIDES US AGAINST OL~R WILL, ** No, I do not believe in ghotte,' &aid; an old Iidy of great experience, I do believe in the ministration of spirits.' This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical^ - Haunted houses are -rented without great diffi culty, if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying, our actions. Wa are led to do thiriss we should not do' tof on* ; :-wn volition— the wisdom of' which we do not ? appreciate until afterwards, then wevrendec bow we to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are look- - ing after. They believe in what tney see; the ' evidence ot things not seen' is to be weighed in the future. WSeu a man is sick, he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Mel bourne, writes, 21st October, 1S90:— r' Turing , . the past sixteen yean I bare been afling - periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter yeais my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about, a more serious ^disease. Finally I tried the' effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did 1 experience imy, ameloration in my conditioc. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change and four bottles effected a complete cure.' Note what Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale street, Melbourne, says : — '30th October, 1890. — Foe some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, .often with unbearable pain* in the back and right side, and my digestive o:gans were also out of order. In addition X was afflicted with congestion of the -liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action.' 