TJic OM Tunic. At the time when I was clerk in the office of the Minister of War, I had for a colleague and f ello-w-clerk one Jean Tidal, an old non-eornmissioned officer who had lost a left arm in the Italian campaign, but who still had his rigrht hand, with which he accomplished marvellous feats with the pen, in round hand, running hand, and Gothic hand, and executed with a single stroke of the pen a small bird in the flourish to his signature. Vidal -was a worthy man, a typical old soldier, upright and pure. Although he ?was barely 40 years old, and but few grey hairs appeared in his pointed Zouave's beard, yet we already called him at the office Pere Vidal, but with less familiarity than respect, for we knew his life of honor and devotion in his small cheap lodging in the farthest part of Grenella, -where his sister lived with him, a widow, with a long string of children, and where he supported this little \rorld upon his slender income, that is to say, the payment for his cross, his pension, and his clerkship j 3000£ for five persons. Never mind j his frock coats, ?with the-empty left sleeve looped up on the third button, -were always brushed as for a review by the Inspector-General, and the red ribbon of his decoration, always fresh, was so serious a thing to the good man that he took it from his button-hole ?whenever he carried a package through the streets, sometimes a pair of boots from La tour's, or a pair of trousers bought in the. morning at the Belle- Jardniere. ; As I used to live then in the environs of South Paris, I frequently shaped my home ward way so that I could go with Pere Tidal, and I amused myself by getting him. to recount his campaigns as we walked by the vicinity of the JEeole-Militaire, where at that time could be seen (it was during the last years of the Empire), the showy uni forms of the Imperial Guard, fuglemen in green, lancers in -white, and the sombre and magnificent officers of the artillery in black, and gold — a costume in which it is quite worth while to go and be killed. Some times in. the hot summer evenings I oixered a glass of absinthe to my companion, a luxury which poor Tidal economically denied himself, and we would stop for a half-hour before an officers' cafe in the Avenue de la Mothe-Piquet. On such days the old ' sub,' who had become the most steady of family men, and had quite lost his habit of gossiping, would rise from the table with an heroic giddiness in his head, and I was sure of hearing for the rest of the -way some good -war story. One evening — I believe, God forgive me, that Pere Tidal had taken two glasses of kbsinthe — in making our way through the miserable Boulevard de Grenelle, he stopped suddenly before the place o£ a dealer in second-hand military clothes. There are a good many of them in that quarter. It ?was a dingy, dirty shop, displaying in the window some rusty pistols, wooden bowls full of buttons, gilded epaulettes, and in front were hung, among some , miserable rags, several old coats of officers, ruined and tattered 'by the sun and rain, but which, still preserving the impress of the Bhape and the breadth of the shoulders, had something vaguely human in their appearance. Tidal, grasping my arm with his only hand, and looking at me -with a gaze that was not -without suggestion of absinthe, lifted the stump of an arm. to point out one of the coats, the tunic of an African officer, with its skirt in a hundred plaints and a triple braid of gold twisting into an eight on the shoulder. 'Look at that,' he said; « ithat's the uniform of my old corps, a captain's tunic1' Then, coming nearer to examine the tatters more closely, he read, the number engraved on the buttons and called out excitedly;: 'It is my regiment. It is ?'the First Zouaves !' But suddenly Pere Tidal's hand, which had already laid hold upon the old tunic, remained fixed, his face darkened, his lips trembled, and, lowering his eyes, he mur mured in a frightened way : 'My God I If it should be his!' Then, with a sudden gesture, he turned the tunic round, and I could see in. the middle of the back a little round hole, the hole of a bullet, encircled with a black stain Tvidch. was imdoubtedly ?? old blood .; and that tell-tale hole was as shocking', as pitiful, as a wound. 'Oh! oh!' I said to Pere Tidal, who had suddenly dropped the coat, and was on his way again, stepping quickly with bowed head, ' there -was a sad scar !' And anticipating a, story, I added, to excite my companion into telling- it. ' The captains of the Zouaves were not usually shot in the back.' But he did not appear to hear me, and he muttered some words, biting his mous tache, *« How came it to be stranded there ? It's a long -way from the battle-field of Jfelegnano to the Boulevard de Grenelle. Oh, L see it ; the crows that follow the army ; the robbers of the dead. But why just there, two steps from the Ecole Mili taire -where his regiment is stationed with the other ? and he : should have passed by here, he should have recognised that! Oh, it is like a ghost.' ' Look here, Pere Tidal,' I said, begin ning to be a good deal interested and taking him by the arm, ' you are not going to continue to talk in enigmas, and you are going to tell me what memories have been awakened hy that pierced tunic.'* ' I certainly believe that without the two glasses of absinthe I should have learned nothing, for at the demand Pere Tidal looked at me distrustfully, almost anxiously ; but suddenly, as if making a great resolve, he said shortly : ' Well, yes, I will tell it to you. Inas much as you are a well-informed and honest young man, I have confidence in you, and. when I have finished you shall tell frankly — your hand on your heart — if you think it strange in me to be moved as I have been moved. Let us see. Where shall -we begin ? First, I cannot tell you his name, the other, since he is living, but I shall call him jhy the nickname which we gave him in the regiment, Thirsty — yes. we used to call him Thirsty, and he well answered the name, being one of those who don't stir from the canteen, and who toss off 12 small glasses at the 12 strokes of noon. He -was sergeant of a company when I was quarter-master, and he marched by my side as file-closer. A good soldier, a very good soldier, a drunkard, roysterer, fond of rows, with all the bad habits of Africa ; but brave as a bayonet, with cold steel-blue eyes, brown face and red beard. N ot an easy man to get on with. When I reached the depot of the war battalion Thirsty had just completed his service. He re-enlisted, took his bounty, and went on a three days' spree, during which he rolled through the low quarters of Algiers, with four or five other rakes like himself, piled up in a caleche, and carrying a tricolored flag with these words : * This will not last always.' They brought him back to the barracks, his skull cracked by a, sabre's stroke, fie had been in a row with some loafers at the house of a Moorish woman, who had received during the squabble a kick, -which proved fatal. Thirsty recovered. He was put in the stocks for 15 days, and stripped of his sergeant's stripes. It was the second time he had lost them. If it had not been for his bad conduct, Thirsty, who was of good family, and fairly educated, would have been an officer long ago. Now, after the affair of the Moor, his stripes were taken off ; but six months later, as I passed the quartermaster-sergeant's, I saw that he had them on again, thanks to the indulgence of his captain, an old African campaigner, who had seen his bravery in Kabylie. ' Before long the old campaigner was promoted to be chief of the battalion, and they sent us a new captain, a young Corsi can named G entile, of 25, just from the .military scheol, cold, ambitious, full of merit, they said, t-ut very exacting, hard on his men, giving you six days in the guardhouse ior a.spot of rust on your gun or a button missing .from your gaiters; more over, having not1 yet served Algiers and -admitting no sort of laxity or frolicking. Captaife.' Gentile took a dislike to Thirsty at once, and the dislike was reciprocated. Indeed, it could -not -be otherwise. The first time that . the . sergeant did not respond to the evehing'-call, eight days in the stocks ; the first time he got drunk, 15 days. While the Captain, a small brown nian, stiff as wire, and with the bristling moustaches of a frightened cat, would throw his punishment in his face, saying in a hard voice : ' I know -who you are, and I'll humble you, my boy!' Thirsty did not say anything, and walked quietly to the side of the guardhouse, but the Captain -would have spoken more mildly, perhaps, if he had seen the angry flush which mounted to the Sergeant's cheek when he had turned Ms head, and the gleam of zage which shot from his terrible cold blue eyes. ' The Emperor declared war upon. Aus tria, and -we embarked for Italy. But -we are not concerned with the story of that cam paign. I will go on with ours. Daring the preparations for the battle of Msleg nano, when I lost my arm, you know, our battalion camped in the middle of a small village, and having broken ranks, our cap tain made a brief address — a proper thing for the captain, to do — to remind us that we were in a friendly, country, and that our honor demanded good behavior from, us, adding that any annoyance to any of the inhabitants, would be punished severely. While he was speaking, Thirsiy, who was standing unsteadily by my side, leaning on his gun (he had half emptied since morn ing the keg of cantimere), shrugged Ms shoulders lightly, but, happily, the captain did not see it. In the middle of the night I started out of my sleep. I jumped off from the bundle of straw on wMch I was sleeping in a farm yard, and I saw, in the moonlight, a group of soldiers and peasants who were tearing from the arms of Thirsty, furious as a wild beast, a. pretty girl, who was invoking to her aid the Tirgin and all the saints in paradise. I ran to /hold Mm, but Captain Gentile reached him before me. By one glance of Ms eye (the little Corsican had the look of a master) he stilled the Ser geant ; then, having calmed the Lombard by some -words that he said to her in Italian, he turned and stood before the culprit and said, shaking Ms trembling hand in Ms face: « « They ought to blow out the brains of such wreteheB as you. In the meantime. I will see the Colonel, and you shall lose your stripes again, and for good this time. We shall fight to-morrow j see that you g at yourself killed.* v 'We turned in again, but the captain was right, and at break of day we were roused byrthe firing of cannon. We flew to arms, formed in line, and Thirsty (his cold blue eyes had never looked more cruel) stood, by my side. The battalion began its march. It was to dislodge the whitecoats, who had fortified themselves with several pieces of artillery in the vil lage of Melegnano. Forward march ! We had. scarcely gone a couple of kilometres, ?when, whizz ! the grapeshot of the Austrians struck us in the flank, and some 40 of our company went down. Then our officers, who were awaiting the order to charge, made us lie down in the cornfields as sharpshooters. But the officers naturally remain standing, and I tell you our captain was by no means the least erect of the lot. We, on our knees in the cornfield, con tinued to fire on the battery which was within range. Suddenly some one touched my elbow, and, turning, I saw Thirsty looking at me, his lip curled in a wicked smile, as he loaded Ms rifle. ' ' You see the captain,' he said to me, nodding toward him -with his head. ' ' Yes ; well ?' I replied, looking at the officer, who was about 20 paces from us; ' * Well, he shouldn't have spoken to me as he did last night.' ' Then, with a quick and rapid gesture, in two movements he brought Ms piece to Ms shoulder, fired — and I saw the captain suddenly twist, throw back his head, beat the air for a second -with his two hands, drop Ms sword, and fall heavily on his back. ? ** * Assassin !' I cried, seizing the ser geant's arm. But he threw me three paces from him by a blow on my chest. ' * Fool, prove that I killed Mm/ ' I rose in a fury, but the rest of the company rose, too. Our colonel was there, bareheaded and on a smoking horse, pointing -with Ms sabre to the Austrian battery, and shouting at the top of 'hia lungs : ' ' Forward, Zouaves, with the bay onet 1' ' What could I do but charge with the others ? It has become famous, that charge of the Zouaves at Melegnano. Have you ever seen the angry sea beat upon a rock? Yes. Well, it was like that. Each company swarmed up like the surges on the rock. Three times the battery was covered -with blue coats and red trousers, and three times he saw the earthwork re appear with its rows of cannon undis turbed, like the rock after the receding wave. ' But the Fourth Company — ours — must carry the place. In 20 bounds I reached the redoubt. By the aid of my gun I mounted the slope. But I had only time to see a pair of blonde moustaches, a blue cap, and the carbineer's gun, which almost touched me. Then I felt such a shock in my shoulder that I believed my arm had been blown off. I dropped my gun, every thing whirled around me ! I fell on my side near the wheel of a powder-waggon and lost consciousness. ' When I or-ened mv eves. I heard onlv j. *f ?/ r %/ the sound of distant firing. The Zouaves were there, formed in a disordered semi circle. They cried, ' Vive DEmpereurJ and brandished their gurxs at arm's length in the air. ' An old general, followed by Ms staff, came up at a gallop. He reined up his horse, and waiving his gilded chapeau in the air, he cried : * Bravo, Zouaves. You are the first soldiers of the world.' ' I was sitting by my wheel, piteously holding with my right hand my poor broken paw, and I recalled the frightful crime of Thirsty — killing Ms officer from behind on the field of battle. ' Suddenly he came from among the ranks and advanced toward the General — yes, he himself, Thirsty the assassin of the captain. In the fight he had lost his qap, and Ms shaved head appeared tra versed by a sabre stroke, from which sx, stream of blood ran down his forehead and on Ms cheek. Leaning 'with one hand on Ms gun, he presented an Austrian flag, tat tered and with great red stains on it — a flag wMch he had taken. The General seemed to regard him with admiration, and find Mm superb. ' Say, Bricourt,' said he, turning to one of his artillery officers, * Look at that. What men !' ' Then Thirsty said in a hoarse voice, * That's true, my General, but you know the First Zouaves. There are enough of them for rnore than one time.' ' ' I could embrace you for that phrase,' cried the General. * You shall have the cross, you know.' 'And, repeating always, 'What men, what men V he said to his aide-de-camp, a phrase which I could not understand myself — I am too. ignorant, you know, but I remember it all the same — « Isn't it, Bri court ? It's like Plutarch.' ' But at that moment my arm pained me again, and fainting, I saw and heard nothing more. ' You know the rest. I have often told you how they hacked ofE my arm, and how I was carried for two months in ambu lances, delirious with fever. In my sleepless hours I asked myself what I should do in regard to Thirsty. Denounce him? Certainly that was my duty, but how? What proofs had I? Then I would say to myself, he is a scroundrel, but a hero. He killed Captain Gentile, but he captured an Austrian flag. And I could not decide. At last, when I was convalescent, I learned that, as a re ward for his brave action, Thirsty had been transferred with his grade to the Zouaves of the guard and had received a decoration. Ah, at first that disgusted me with my own cross, wMch. our colonel had just attached to my cloak at the jiospital. However, Thirsty merited Ms as well* after all ; but Ms Legion of Honor should- have served as a target for the firingsquadof soldiers. Well, all that was a long time ago. Ihaveneverseenthe sergeant again, -who is still in fhe_ service, and I am in civil life. 'But' just aioW, seeing that tunic 'with its ..button-hole— ^God knows how it came there, hanging at that old clothes-dealer's, two steps from the bar racks where the assassin is— I thought of Ms unpunished crime, and it seemed to me that the captain cried for justice.' I did my best to calm Pere Tidal, who had been much excited by Ms story. I assured him that he had done everything for the best, and . the heroism .of the Ser geant balanced Ms crime. But some days later, on waiving at the office, I femad Pere Tidal, who handed me a, journal so folded that but one column was visible, and who said gravely : ' What did I tell you ?' I took the journal and read as follows : ' Another Tictim of Intemperance — Yesterday afternoon, on the Boulevard de Greenelle, a serg-eant of tlie Imperal Zouaves by the name of Mallet, who bore among his comrades the sobriquet ' Thirsty,' and who had been drinking heavibx -with some companions in the neighboring drink ing- places, was seized with a sudden alcoholic delirium -while looking at some old uniforms hanging in front of an old clothes merchant's. ' Becoming suddenly furious, the ser geant drew his sabre-bayonet and ran down the street, to the great terror of the passers-by. It waB only by the greatest efforts that two Boldiers who accompanied him were able to overcome the madman, who in his rage shrieked unceasingly, ' I am not an assassin ! I took an Austrian flag at Melegnano !' ' We are told that in fact, Mallet had been decorated for that feat of arms, and that it was only his inveterate drunkenness ?which prevented him from becoming an officer. ' Mallet has been taken to the Military Hospital of Gros-Caillon, from whence he will presently be transferred to Charenton, for it is doubtful if the unfortunate man ever recovers Ms reason.' As I returned the journal to Pere Tidal, lie looked at me gravely, and said : ' Captain Gentile was a Corsican. He is avenged.' 