MELISSl'S WDS. " £ 'I 'i. ksvavtMeten r;'f t,iiov's. I may remark, totalkitatiM. Pi laid don BlPWMWM 'ft ber in fiurpfe roafoif oil. <> hhrit Church— I thought I knewthe hand, i and she's not an A»«fton-" : \ . - eii, look for yourself !" Lucy cried.and foased the note to art, pouting 1 took it and ifitj tm aware that I have the misfortune to Jeo/ilj a man, but it really didn't strike mo as mite so terrible: C D ar Mrs. Hancook,— George has just heard fhat > our husband and you aro going tor trip Vatr York this summer. Could you manage fo do us every kindneee? /hope you ifron't mind it. We have an Amenoaa friend— ifS«s Easterbrook, of/Kansas Gity, niece of |,of«Mr Aw r . Htatofbtook, «» wdL-kaown I Ir-ie geologist —Who very much wishes to find " ai escort across the Atlantic. If you would be lo eood as to take charge of her and deliver her J|y to Dr. Horace Easterbrook, of Hoboken, ,n your arrival in the States, you would do a ! rood turn to her, and, at the same time, confer n eternal favour on Yours very truly, EMtLY WADB. Tnrv folded her hands in melodramatic 3,-TMur. 14 Kansas City I" she exclaimed with « shn.ider of horror. " And Asa P. Easterbrook! f geologist, indeed ! That horrid Mis. Wade 1 gSjortdiditonpaiMse!". It seems to me," I put in, regarding the Utter closely, " she did it merely because she £.b asked to £nd a. chaperon for the girl; and Iwwte the very shortest possible note, in a Lrfunctory way, to the very first acquaintance Jhe chanced to her of who was going to eraon »" my wife exclaimed with a very gecided air, "you men are such simpletonB ! You credit everybody always with the best and Surest motives. But you're utterly wrong. I tan see through that woman. The hateful, hateful wretch ! She did it to spite me ! Oh, fey poor, poor boy; my dear, guileless Bernard!" Bernard, I may mention, it our eldest eon, aged just twenty-four, and a Cambridge graduate. He's a tutor at King's, and though he's a dear, good fellow, and a splendid long- it op, I couldn't myself conscientiously say I regard guilelessness as quite his moat marked characteristic. " What are you doing ?' I asked, as Lucy gat down with a resolutely-determined air at her writing-table in the corner. "Doing !" my wife replied, with some -aspe rity in her tone. " Why, answering that hate ful, detestable woman !" I glanced over her shoulder, and followed her pen us she wrote : ' My Dear Mrs. Wade, — It was indeed a de light to us to see your neat little hand- writing agaiu. Nothing would give us greater pleasure, I'm sure, than to take charge of your friend, who, I'm confident, we shall find a most charm ing companion. Bernard will be with us, so she won't feel it dull, I trust. We hope to have a very delightful trip, and your happy thought in providing us with a travelling com panion will add, no doubt, to all our enjoyment —especially Bernard's. We both join in very kindest regards to Mr. Wade and yourself, and 1 am ever, " Yours most cordially, " Lucy B. Hancock." My wife fastened down the envelope with a very crashing air. " There, that ought to do for her," she said, glancing up at me trium phantly. " I should think she could Bee from that, if she's not as blind as an owl, I've ob served her atrocious designs upon Bernard, and mean to checkmate them. If, after such a letter, Bhe has the cheek to send us heir Yankee girl to chaperon, I shall consider her lost to all $eoB8 of shame and all notions of decency. But Bhe won't, of course. She'll withdraw her un obtrusively." Aud Lucy flung the peccant sheet that had aroused ail this wrath cm to the back of the fireplace with offended dignity. She was wrong, however. By next evening's post a second letter arrived, more discomposing, if possible, to her nerves than the first one : ffi'S' Lucy B. Hancock , London. Deae Madam : 1 learn from my friend, Mrs. Wade of Oxford College, that you are going to l>e kind enough to take charge of me across the j boean, I thank \ ou for your courtesy, and will ' gladly accept your friendly offer. If you will let me know by what steamer you start, I will register my passage right away in Liverpool. Also, if you will be good enough to tell me from vrirat station you leave London, and by what train, I will go along with you in the cars. I'm unused to travel alone. Respectfully, Melissa P. Easveebeook. Lucy gazed at it in despair. " A erehfcuihB ike that !" she cried, all horror -Btruck. " Oh, py poor, dear Bernard ! The ocean, she says! Do along with you in the cars! Melissa P. Easterbrook !" \- " Perhaps," I said tentatively, " she maybe Dflffov flian Vinv no mn A«yl af Onv yain Hav. « — ViUU A UM U«UK» VA- Bard's not bound to marry her !" Lucy darted at me profound volumes of mute feminine contempt. "The girl's pretty," she said st last, after a long deep pause, during which I had been made to realise to the full my own utter moral and in tellectual nothingness. "You may be sure she's pretty. Mrs. Wade wouldn't have foisted her upon us if she wasut pretty, but unspeakable. It's a vile plot on her part to destroy my peace of zhind. Yon won't believe it, Vernon, but I know that woman. And Vhat does the girl mean by rgmng herself Respectfully, ' I wonder?" " It's the American way," I ventured gently to interpose. " So I gather," my wife answered, with a profound accent of contempt. To her, .any, r®8 that isn't done in the purest English way stands ipso facto self -condemned im mediately. 1 A day or two later a second letter arrived &otn; Miss Easterbrook, inreptyto one of Joey's, suggesting a rendezvous. I confess it drew up in my mind a somewhat painful picture, I began to believe my wife's fears Were in some ways well grounded. Mrs. Lucy B. Hancock, London, as before: Dear Madam,— I thank yen for yours, ana will meet ybu on the day and hour you mention ft St. Pancras Station.. Yon will know me when you see me, because I shall wear a dove-coloured ??> with bonnet to mafch,and a pair -of grey Spectacles. ... . Respectfully, MELISSA P. EAflTKKBEOOK. ' « ffwn mid sighed. " A New Eng Whd Bchoolmarm !" I exclaimed with & groan. it Bounds rather terrible. A dove-colonred j®68 ami a pair of grey spectacles ! " I fancy t Can Picture her to myself— « taH.and bony |®su<d a certain age, with corkscrew curls, J;—5 r?ads improving books, end has views Of oaboutthefolfilinimtofprQphri# st J Dut as my spirits went down so LucyVwtet ourselves about MfssMetima Erbrook; of Miss Easterbrook, as to said him4elf,_ f ram documentary evmenoe . pprarouted a typical sohoolmarm Df the 5 virulent order, and whs to wrike terror into -the receptive mind of in ge&uous; youthoaeimptetoroectioa. $>«» Auverpooi, we arrived at St. Pancras m very looked about on the platform far a tall nd hard -faced person of transatlantic aspect, arrayed in a dove-<qlmrOd dress aiid A P bf gwy spectacles. But we looked In Vain nobody about seerfteu to answer to the description. At last Berhafd tuniedto my wife with a.cunoUl eflflle. "I titdnk I've spotted her, motlmr," he said, waving his hand vaguely ..to the right. "That lady over yonder — by the door of the refreshment room. "Don't yon see? That must be Melissa," .For we knovp b®5 fdy aa Mellissa already among ourseiyQB; it hadbeen raised to the mild rank of family witticism. I looked in the direction he suggested and paused for certainty. There irresolute by the door and gazing about her timidly, with in- .quiring eyes, stood the prettiest, tiniest, most. . shrinking little Western girl you ever saw in your life— attired, as she said, in a dove coloured dress, with bonnet to match, and a pair of grey spectacles. But oh, what a dove- coloured dress ! Walter Crane might have designed it — one of those perfect travelling cos- tomes of which the American girls seem to possess a monoply ; and the. spectacles — well, he spectacles, though undoubtedly real— added ust- a touch of piquancy to an otherwise almost painfully timid and retiring little figure. The moment I set eyes on Melissa Easterbrook. I will candidly admit, I was her captive at once ; and even Lucy, as she looked at her, relaxed her face involuntarily into a synfpathetic smile. As a rule, Lucy might pose as a perfect model of the British matron in her ampler and maturer years — " calmly terrible," as an American observer onoe described the genus ; but at sight of Melissa she melted without a struggle. " Poor wee little thing ! How pretty she is 1" she exclaimed with a start. You wiu readily admit that waa a great deal, from Lucy._ -» Melissa came forward tentatively, a dainty blush half rising on her rather pale and delicate little cheek. " Mrs. Hancock ?" she said in an inquiring tone, with just the faintest suspicion of an American accent in her musical email small voice. Lucy took her hand cordially. " I was sure it was you, ma'am," Melissa went on with pretty confidence, looking up into her face, " because Mrs. Wade told me you'd be as kind ' to me as a mother, and the moment I saw you I just said to inyBelf, That must be Mrs. Hancock, she's so sweetly motherly.1 How good of you to burden yourself with & stranger like me ! I hope indeed I won't be too much trouble,"- - That was the beginning. I may as well say, .first as last, we were all of us taken by storm " right away" by Melissa. Lucy herself struck her nag unconditionally, before a tingle shot was fired, and Bernard and 1, hard hit at all points, surrendered at discretion. She ifiis the most charming little girl the human mind can con- vwlfOi VUl vUAU £Ul)(uoil fllUl|IAa|a<3 AKMAO j 111 U0 roughness, to describe her. She was petite, mtgnonm , graceful, fairy-like, yet with a touch of Yankee quaintness and a delicious espieglerie that made her absolutely unique in my experi ence of woman. We had entirely lost our hearts to her before ever we reached Liverpool ; and, strange to say, I believe the one of us whose heart was most completely gone was, if only you'll believe it, that calmly terrible Lucy. Melissa's most winning characteristic, how ever, as it seemed to me, was her perfect frankness. As we whirled along on our way amiss England, she told us everything about herself, her family, her friends, her neighbours, and the population of Kansas city in general. Not obtrusively or egotistioally — of egotism Melissa would be wholly incapable— but In a certain, timid confiding, half child-like way, as of the lost little girl, that was absolutely capti vating. "Oh, no, ma'am," she Baid, in answer to one of Lucy's earliest questions, "I didn't come over alone. . I think I'd be afraid to. I came with a whole 'squad of us who were doing Europe. A prominent lady in jCtaitMR city took charge of the squarelot. And I got as far as Rome with mem, through 0eoemany and Switzerland, and then my money wouldn't run to it any further, sp I had to go back. Travelling comes high in Europe what With hotels , and tees, ana having to pay to get your baggage checked. And that's how X came to want an escort." Bernard smiled good-naturedly. " Then you had only a fixed sum," he asked, " to make your European tour with." " That's so, sir," Melissa answered, looking up at him quizzically through those pretty grey spectacles, " I put away quite a little sum of my own to make tins trip upon. It was my onlv chance of seeinff EuroDa and iirmrnriW ' myself a piece. I knew when I started ( couldn't go all the round trip with the rest of my party, but I thought I'd set out with them, anyway, and . go ahead as long, as my funds held out ; and then when I was through I'd turn about and come home again;' " But you pat away the money yourself ?" Lucy asked, with a little start of admiring surprise. " Yes, ma'am," Melissa answered sagely. " I know it. I saved it." " From your allowance ?" Lucy suggested, 1 from the restricted horizon of her English point of view. Melissa laughed a merry little laugh of amusement. " Oh, no," she said ; " from my salary:" i . " Fromyoor salary !" Bernardput in, look- down at her with an inquiring gbmoe. " Yes, sir, thars it," Monro, answered, all " You see, for four years I Was a clerk iu the Post Office." She pronounced it "dark." But that's a detail. Oh, indeed!" Bernard echoed. He wak banning to know how, 1 could see, hut polite ness forbade him to press Melissa on so delicate a point any further. Melissa, however, herself supplied at once the missing information. "My fattier, waa Post master in our city" she' said, simply, " under the last Administration — President Blanco's, i you know— and he made me oneof his clerks, p; " course, when he'd gotten the place, and as long : as the fun went on I saved all my sflary for a tour in Europe." And at the end of four yean ?" Luoy said. " Oor party went out," Melissa put in, con fidentially. So, whan the trriulrte began my father was dismissed, and X had just enough left to take me as far as Rome, as l told you." I was obliged to explain parenthetically, to allay Lucys wonderment, that x>in America the whole personnel of every feeal Government office changes almost completely yftVi ry "President. "That's so, sir," Melissa assented, with a wise littia nod. " And at I didnt think it likely our folks would get in again in a hurry— the oouniry!s had enough of ns— X justttiought wW v$- u And you used it all "up in giving yourself « holiday to Europe F" LuCy exWmBd, half re- proacmttlly. To her eoonomio Briti ttjifi ; Bach An expenditure of capital seemed horribly 'tesetektr ". ' 4 / 4 - 44 ¥te, ma'ate," Mellite answered, all uncon- sdous of ttte faint disapproval implied in LucB tone, " You ape, I'd never bisn anywhere much away from Kansas Oity before, and I thought ttSs was a special opportunity to go abroad, and visit the picture galleries and cathedrals of Europe, andenlarge my mind, and get a little culture. To Us a glimpse of Europe's an inteUectnal necessary." " Ob, ttieu, you regairdyour Visit as largely' educational ?" Bernard put in with increasing . interest. Though he's a Fellow and tutor of King's, X will readily admit that Bernard's perronal testes lie, rather in the direction of rowing and football than of general culture, but still the American girl's point of view de- cidedly attracted him by its novelty in a woman. 41 That's 83, Sir," Melissa answered once more in her accustomed affirmative. "I take it as a sort of university trip. I graduated in Europe. In America, of course, wherever you go, all you can see's everywhere just the same, purely new and American. The language, the manner, the type, don't vary. In Europe you cross a frontier or a ribbon of sea, and every thing's different. Now, on this trip of ours we went first to Chester, to glimpse a typical old Ihmlish town —those Rows, oh! how lovely !— and then to Leamffigton, for Warwick Castle, and Kenilwortlt. Kend worth's just glorious, isn't it? — with its mouldering red walls and its dark-green ivy, and the ghost of Amy Robaart walking up and down upon the close-shaven English grass-plots." "I've heard it's very beautiful," Bernard, admitted gravely. " What! you live so olose, "and you've never been there !" Melissa exclaimed, in frank, sur prise. Bernard allowed, with a smile, he had befen bo culpably negligent. " And Stratford-on-Avon, too !" Melissa went on enthusiastically, her black eyes beam ing. "Isn't Stratford just charming? I -don't care for the interminable Shakespeare nuis ance, you know — that's all too new and . made up; we could raise a shakespeare house : like that in Kansas City any day ; but the church, and the elms, and the swans aud the river ! I made such a sweet little sketch of them all, so soft and peaceful. At least, the place itself was as sweet as a corner of heaven, and I tried as well as I could in my way to sketch it." . " I suppose it is very pretty," Bernard replied, ! in a meditative tone. : Melissa started visibly. "What! have you never been there either r"' Bhe exclaimed, taken aback. " Well, that is odd, now ! You live in England and have never run over to Stratford on Avon! Why, you do surprise me But there, I suppose you English live in the midst of culture, as it were, and can get to it all right away at any time ; so, perhaps, you don't think quite 89 much of it as we do, who have .to &?£.. up our money, perhaps lor years/to get, for once in our lives, just a tingle patting glimpse of it. You live at Cambridge, you see ; you most be steeped in culture right down to the finger ends." Bernard modestly responded, twirling his manly moustache, that the river and the run- ttlllg glvtlUUy Uv a UCU CIA, frvlv lUvlv U& Vf «y than art or architecture. "Aud where also did you go besides England?" Lucy asked, really interested. " Well, Ma'am, from Loudon we went across by Ostend to Bruges, where I studied the Memlings and made a few little copies from : them," Melissa, answered, with her sunny smile. "It's such a quaint old place, Bruges. Life seems to flow as stagnant as its own canals. Have you ever been there?" "Oh, charming I" Luoy answered: "most delightful and quiet. But— er — who are the Memlings ? I don't quite. recoUect them." Melissa gazed at her. open-eyed. "The. Memlings ?" she said, slowly; "why, you've just missed the best thing at Bruges if you iaven't semi them. They've such a naive charm of their own, so innocent and sympathetic. They're in the Hospital de St. Jean, you know, where Memling put them. And it's, so delight ful to see great pictures like those— though they're tiny little things to look at— in their native surroundings, exactly as they were first painted — the Chasse de Ste. Ursnle, and . all those other lovely things so infantile in their simplicity and yet so exquisitively graceful and pure and beautif uL I don't know as 1 saw anything in Europe to equal them for pathos in their own way — except, of course, the Fra Angelioos at San Marco in Florence." " I don't think Fvb seen them," /.Lucy mar mured with an uncomfortable air. I could see ft was just dawning upon her, inBpiteof her patronizing, that this Yankee girl, with her -im perfect command of the English tone, know a vast deal more about some things worth notice than she herself did. " And Where did you go then, dear!" " Oh, from Bruges we went on to Ghent,.'.' Melissa answered, leaningback. axid looking as pretty as a picture herself in hsr eweet kttie travelling dress, " to see the great Van Eyck, the' Adoration of the Lamb, you know — that magnificent panel picture. Ana then we went to Brussels, where we had«Dierick Bouts and all the later Flemings ; and to Antwerp, for Rubens and Yandyck and Quintin Matsys ; and the Hague after that, for Rembrandt and Paul Potter ; and Amsterdam in the end, for Van der Heist aud Gerard Dow and fhe late Dutch painters. So, you sea, we had quite an artistic tour— we followed up the development of Netherlandish art from hegmning to end in historical order. It was just deUghtful." " I went to Antwerp once," Bernard put in, somewhat sheepishly, still twirling his mous tache, " but it was on my way to Switzerland, I didnt tee muoh, as far as I can recol lect, except the cathedral, and the quay, and Vuti UUMM X WAS OVuipUlg Owe " Ah, that's all very well for you," Melissa answered, with a ralher envious air. "You, can see these things any dayi But for us the chanoe oomes only once In a Rf etime, and we must make the most of it.". . Well, in suph converse as this .we reached Liverpool in due tune, an vroot next morning on board our steamer. We had a lovely, pas-; sage out, and all the way the mom we saw of Melissa the more we liked her, ' To besure, Lucy received a terrible: shook the thugd day out, when she asked Melissa what tiie meant to do when she returned to Kansas City. " You won't go into thepost- ohlce again, I eqppoee, dear ?" site said kindly, for w$ had got by that time on ittMt friwidly terms with our tittle Melissa.' ' ; . " I gates not," Melissa answered. . " No such luck any more. I'll have to go hack again to the stive iu usual,'' 11 Thfe store!" Lucy repeated bewildered. " I— I don't quite understand yqu," Well, the shopj I presume you'd call it,'' Melissa answered, Bmiling. " My, father's gotten a book store iu Kanaes City, and before I wont into the pori- office I helped him at ttie' counter. In fact, I was his saleswoman," - "X assure you, Vernon," Lucy remarked in our berth that night, "if an Ikigliflhwoinan had said it to me, I'd have been obliged to apolo gias to Iter for having forced her to confess It, and ! dou't know what' way I should efet have looked to hide "my faro While she Was talking - 'about it. Rut with Melissa it's .all so different, eomehow. lShe spoke te if it was the most natural -thing on earth fhr her fsttier to keep s shop, i and she didn't seem the least little bit in the Wbrldtehtmed of iteither," - ' \- " Wbf should 4eT" I answered with my masculine blindness ; Bat that , was perhaps a trifle too advanced for Lucy, Melissa was exercising a widening influenceep toy wife's point of view .with astonishing rapidity ; but still a perfect lady must always draw a line somewhere - All the way across, indeed, Melissa's lively talk was a constant delight and pleasure to every one of uc. Bhe wasso taking, that girl, ,bo canfidential, so friendly. We really loved her. Then her quaint little Americanisms were as pretty as herself— not only her " Yes, sirs,' ' and ' No, ma'ams," her, "I guess, 6nd "That's so,'' but her frteh Western ideas and her infinite play of fancy in the Queen's Euglish, Shp turned it as a .potter turns his clay. In Britain our mother, tongue' has crystallised long since into set forms and phrases. In America, it has still , the plaBticity .of youth ; it is fertile in novelty —nay, even in surprises: And Melissa knew how to twist it deftly: into unexpected quips and incongruous conjunctions. Her talk ran on li&e; a limpid brooks with a musical ripple playing ever on the surface. As for Bernard, he helped her about the ship like a brother, as she moved lightly around with her sylph -like little form among the ropes and , capstans. Melissa liked to be helped, she said ; she diidn't believe one bit in woman's rights ; no, indeed, she was a great deal too fond of being takeu care of for that,- And who wouldn't take care of her, that delicate little thing, like some choice small masterpiece of cunning workmanship ? Why, she almost looked as if she were made of Vene tian glass, and a fall cm deck would shatter her into a thousand fragments. And her talk, all tha way, was of the joys of Europe— the castles and. abbeys she was leaving behind, the pictures and statues she had seen and admired, the pictures and statues she had left unvisited. " Somebody told me in Paris," she said to me one day, as she hung on my arm on deck and looked up into my face confidingly with that childlike smile of hers, " the only happy time in an American woman's life is the period when she's just got over the first poig nant regret of having left Europe, and hasn t yet reached thQ point when she makes up her mind ithat, come what will, she.really must go baek again. And I thought, for my part, then my happiness waslfairly spoiled for life, for I shall never be able again to afford the journey.'' " Melissa, my child," I said looking down at those ripe, rich lips, "in this world one never knows what may turn up next. I've observed on my way down the path of life that when fruit hangs rosy-red on the tree by the wall, some passer-by or other is pretty sure in the end to pluck it." But what was too much for Melissa's American modesty. She looked down and blushed like a rose herself. But she answered me uothiog. A night or two before we reached New York I was standing in the gloom, half hidden by & boat on the davits amidship, enjoying my vespertinal cigar in the cool of evening ; and ITObWCCU LUC pUUD A VKkUUt ilUUl UUiO Ml UUig stray snatches of a conversation going on softly in the twilight between Bernard and Melissa. I had noticed of late, indeed, that Bernard and Melissa walked much on deck in the evening together; but this particular evening they walked long and late, and their conversation seemed to me (if I might judge by fragments) particularly confidential. The bits of it I caaght were mostly, it is true, on Melissa's part (when Bernard said anything, he said it lower). She was talking enthusiastically of Venice, Florence, Pisa, Rome, with occasional flying excursions into Swizerland and the Tyrol. Once as she pasBedl heard something murmured low about Botticelli's " Primavera when next she went by it was the Alps from Miirren; a third time, again, it was the Mosaics at St. Mark's, and Titian's " Assumption," and the Doge's Palace. What so innocent as art, in the moonlight, on the ocean? At last Bernard paused just opposite where I stood (for they didn't perceive me) and said very earnestly : " Look here, Melissa" — he had called her Melissa almost from the first moment, and she seemed to prefer it, it seemed . so natural ; " look here, Melissa. Do you know when you talk about things like that you make me feel so dreadfully ashamed of myself." " Why so, Mr. Hancock ?" Melissa asked innocently. " Well, wheu I think what opportunities I've had, and how little I've used them," Bernard exclaimed with vehemence, " and then reflect how few you've got, and how splendidly yonve made the best of them, I \- just blush, I tell you, Melissa, for my own laziness." - " Perhaps," Melissa interposed with a grave little air, " if one had always been brought up among it all, one . wouldn't think quite so much of it. It's the novelty of antiquity that makes it so eharming to people from my country. I suppose it seems- quite natural now to you that your parish church should be 600 years old, and have tombs ia the chancel with Elizabethan ruffs, or its floor inlaid with Plan- tagenet brasses. To us all that seems mys terious, and in a certain sort of way one might almost say magical. Nobody can love Europe quite so well, I'm sure, who has lived in it from a ohild. You grow up to many things that burst fresh upon us at last with all the intense delight Of a new sensation." They stood stiff as they Bpoke and looked hard at one another. There was a minute's pause. Then Bernard began, again. "Melissa," to faltered out, in rattier a tremulous volte, " are you sorry to go borne again ?" i U T ansfr lta#n if P' Kfaltoaft anoVriMil wrifh as A JWW S»WIIIII IH IHWWWiWIS Vl&Sto; W vehement bust. Then she added after a second. " But I've enjoyed the voyage." . " You'd tike to live in Europe ?" Bernard asked. "I should love ft!' Melissa replied. 'Tm fond of my folks, of course, and l should be sorry to leave them ; hut I jute love Europe. I ghill never go again, though, I shall come' right aWay hack to Kansas City now and keep store for father fir the rest of my natural existence." . "It seems hard," Bernard wait on muring, " that any body tike you, Melissa, with such a natural love of art ana of all beautiful things- anybody who can draw such sweet dreams of detight as those heads you showed us after Filippo Lippi — anybody who can appreciate Florence and Venice and Rome as you do, should have to live all her life in a far western town and meet with so tittle sympathy as you're likely to find there." That's the rub," Melissa replied, looking up into his fa' e with such a confiding look (if any pretty girl had looked up at me tike that I should have known what to do with hex ; r — — : iiu — T"-1 -» r — but Betitofd was twenty-tear, and ydftegtiteh are modest.) " That's the rub, tlx: SEancocfL Hike— well, Eiropean society se very muoh better. Our men are nice enough in their own way, don't you know ; but they - somehow lack polish— at least, out Week I mean— (h EAnsas dty. European# mayn't be very much better when you get ttyht at ptehipll but on the oqtside any way, to they're more atomctive somehow." j) ; There waS another long patme/daitog wMoq 1 as guilty as ever tevesaropper bteolf me. Yet Twos glued tb tho tooti t coujd hardly escape- At last Bernard spoke ag&im; " I should like to have gone round with you on your tour, Melissa,'' ha said ; " I don't know Italy. I don't suppose by myself l could smp appreciate it. But If you were by my shu you'd have taught me what it all meant, gmT - then I think I might perhM understand Melissa drew a deep breath. " % wish I conld take it all over again,' ahe answered, half sighing. "And I didn't see Naples, either. , That was a great disappointment. I should like to have seed Naples, I must confess, so as to know l could at least in the end die "Vhy do you go back?" Bernard- asked suddenly, with a bounce, looking down at that > ' wee hand that trembled upon the taffraiL. " Becaiuse I can't help myself," l|li«n answered, in a quivering voice. " I . like— I should like to live always in England." "Have you any special preference for any particular town?' Bernard asked, moving closer to her — though, to be sure, he Was very," very near already. . " N— no r n— none in particular," Melissa etampiered out faintly, half ailing away from " him., "Not Cambridge, for example?" Barnard asked, with a deep gulp, and oh audible effort. I felt it would be. unpardonable for me to hear any more. I had heard already many things not intended for me. I sneaked off, un- : perceived, and left those two alone to complete that conversation. Half an hour later— it Was a calm moonlight night — Bernard ruBhed down eagerly into the ' the saloon to find us. " Fattier and mother," he said, with a burst, " I want you up on deck for just ten minutes. There's something up there I should like so much to show you." " Not whales?" I asked hypocritically, sup pressing a smile. " No, not whales," he replied ; " something much more interesting." -We followed- him blindly, Lucy much in doubt what the thing might be, and I much in wonder, after Mrs. Wade's letter, how Lucy : might take it. At the top of the companion ladder Melissa stood waiting for us, demure but subdued, with a still more timid look than ever upon that sweet, shrinking small face of hers. Her heart beat hard, I could see by the movement of her bodice, and her breath came and went; but she stood there like a dove, in her dove-coloured travelling dress. "Mother," Bernard began, "Melissa's obliged to come baek to America, don't you know, without having ever seen Naples. It seems a horrible shame she should miss seeing it. She hadn't money enough left, you recol- leQt, to take her there.' Lucy gaZdd at him unsuspicious. "It does seem a pity," she answered sympathetically. "She'd enjoy it bo much. I'm sorry she hasn't been able to carry out all her pro gramme." " And, mother," Bernard went on, his eyes fixed on hers, " how awfully she'd be thrown away on Kansas City. I can't bear to think of linn rvAin/i> knnV Ia I Irnnn fknvto " " For my part, I think it positively wicked," Lucy answered with a smile, " and I can't think what— well, people in England — are about to allow her to do it." I opened my eyes wide. Did Lucy know what she was saying ? Or had Melissa, then, fas cinated her — the arch little witch ! — as she had fascinated the rest of us ? But Bernard, emboldened by this excellent opening, took Melissa by the hand, as if in due form to present her. " Mother," he said ten derly, leading the . wee thing forward, " and father, too ; this is what I wanted to show you —the girl I'm engaged to.!" I paused and trembled. I waited for the thunderbolt. But no thundei bolt fell. On the ' contrary, Lucy stepped forward, and under cover of the mast, caught Melissa in her «-nrm and kissed her twice over. " My dear child, she cried, pressing her hard, " my dear little daughter, I don't know which of you two I ought most to congratulate." " But I do," Bernard murmured low. And his fattier though I am, I murmured to myself, " And so do I, also." " Then you're not tihamed of me, mother dear," Melissa whispered, burying her dainty little head on Lucy's shoulder, " because I kept store in Kansas City?" > Lucy rose above herself in the excitement of ; the moment. " My darling wee daughter," sha answered, kissing her tenderly again, "it's Kansas City alone that ought to be ashamed of ' itself for putting you to keep_6tore — such i sweet tittle gem as you are."— -Ghakt Allen, , in Longvxatrs Magazine. At Bilaton (Staffordshire) police-court last month Lily Cart wright, a little girl aged. II years, wnose parents resiae in toe locansy, was charged with having attempted to poison . her mistress, Ellen RevnoldB, & widow, residing in . Bilaton. Prisoner, at the request of her mistress, made her a oup of tea- When, however, Mrs. Reynolds tasted the tea it produced a burning sensation in her mouth and throat. - The accused, on being taxed, admitted that she had emptied £ portion of the contents of £ bottle of liniment into the teapot in order topoaon her mistress. ' Mr. Jones, the county analyst, stated that the tea and liniment found in the bottle contained aconite in sufficient quantity foe more than two fatal doses. A police in spector deposed that when he asked the prisoner why she put the liniment Into thq tea, she replied, "If Mrs. Reynolds werf dead, my moiner woma lev me go home, but ' she would not without ; that is the reason I pat it in. I wanted to go btene to n« mother." 