ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. There was a great crowd at the Theatre Royal on Monday night, when the popular play " The Bells of Haslemere" was repeated; every part of the house was crowded except the areas-circle, and that was well filled. The part of Captain Vere, the adventurer who, although a scamp, turns out to be not suoh a bad sort of fellow after all, was taken by Mr. Wybert Reeve, who made up with artiBtio judgment and threw a good deal of genuine humour and spirit into the rtKe, which he carried through in the gentlemanly style cha racteristic of him, making Vere rather a well bred kind of bad article. The first change of programme by the Hudson Surprise Party was greeted with a splendid attendance on Saturday night. Owing to the indisposition of Mr. W. Horace Bent Mr. Nish, at brief notice, assisted on the corner. After the opening chorus Miss Connie Devereux sang the ballad "In the Twilight" very pleasingly, and then Mr. Nish in a comic song met with only partial success. In the rendering of the ballad, "Sweetest Song of All," Mirh Gerard displayed a true artist's spirit. A song and dance by the Misses Linton and St. Clair was loudly encored, and was followed by Mr. T. Hodson, who was thoroughly at home in a _ mixture of comio songs, entitled "Tit Bits." Miss Ada Walker sang " Sweet Philomel" in a pleasing manner, and the first part concluded with the farce'• The Rival Telephones." Miss H&bgood;, in addition to accompanying the various songs snd dances, opened the second portion by artistically playing a paraphrase on Faust. At the conclusion of the musical part of the programme Minn Habgood received merited recognition. Mr. T. C. Callaghan ruminated on a number of Irish ecoebtricities, and for doing so he was compelled to reappear three times. Mr. and Miss Devereux followed with what was termed on the programme as the pleasing vocal duet "The Golden Wed ding," but the audience were evidently not of the same opinion. Miss Blanch Gerard in the song "The Boy I left in Killarney" proves that she possesses a well cultivated voice. Miss Linton and Messrs. Hudson and Devereux, created great laughter in the amusing sketch "Love, Divorce, and Poison." Miss Nellie Harley appeared as a male impersonator, and her songB met with warm approval. Messrs. Gerard and St. Clair then entertained those present with the duet " Poor, Weak Woman," and in response to an encore danoed an Irish jig. The juggling feats and "shadowgraphs" by Mons. Provo were really wonderful. The usual farce concluded the entertainment. The fifth of the attractive popular concerts of the current season was given in the Town Hall on Saturday night. At each of theBe performances the Manager, Mr. F. A. Howells, has succeeded in providing talent capable of interpreting in a pleasing manner works of a popular and good character. He has engaged not only moBt of the best local talent, but has also drawn from Victoria artists of high repute at great expense. It was therefore not surprising on Saturday night to find that when the per formers included Miss Guli Hack, A.R.C.M., and Mr. W. T. Barker, A.R.A.M., a crowded house rewarded the efforts of the promoters, livery seat, including the organ galleries and Bteps leading to them, as well as every inch of standing room, was utilized, and many persons were unable to gain admission. Mies Hack was evidently still suffering from a cold, and was therefore unable to fairly display her vocal abilities, though hor ailment could hardly be considered a sufficient reason for transposing the order of her songs as an nounced. In both her numbers—Tosti's "Venetian Song" and "By the Fountain" (Adams)—she manifested that her training at the Royal College of Music had enabled her to sing artistically and to use her voice with good effect. She was enthusiastically received, and after bowing her acknowledgment of encores was compelled to reappear, when she gave, with considerable naivette, "Love was once a Little Boy." Miss Minna Schrader wisely chose two decidedly suitable songs. The first, ! " The Soldier's Tear," is an old English melody which exactly suits the style of the young lady, ! and she was most heartily applauded on its completion. Her second song was " Finsuti's "A Maiden's Challenge," which she rendered with excellent taste, and being compelled to voartrwaav cVio oanrr f.Yia aria fmtn Paiiaf " reappear she sang the aria from "Faust," "When all was Young." The engagement of Mr. W. T. Barker, A.R.A.M., of Melbourne, the eminent artiBt, was doubtless the cauBe of the large attendance. This gentleman has previously appeared in Adelaide, and has acquired a high refutation as a performer upon the instrument which is rarely heard as played by a master. The descriptive writing, "Autumn," was his first selection. In the opening the melody was exhibited clearly and distinctly by the lighter notes, with a full sonorous, though not too powerful accompani ment on the lower strings. Then followed a rendering of the theme with the most brilliant variations. Arpeggio passages, requiring a complete mastery of technique, and extending over almost the entire compass of the harp, were produced with wonderful facility and smoothness. Truly delightful crescendo and diminuendo effects were played as by a master hand. Indeed, it is impossible to describe the numberless beauties which graced the harpist's performance. In his second solo Mr. Barker again displayed his proficiency in execu tion. Rapid scale passages, the produc tion of harmonic notes, and above all exquisite taste in tbe effects were all sufficient to establish the performer as a thorough artist, whose next visit will be most pleasantly anticipated. In bis third number, the " Dansedes Fees, "the florid embellishment of the melody with the exposition of his tech nicalpower in rapid runs was particularly fine. Mr. H. R. Holder opened the ] a song by Gounod, "Loving Smile of Sister Kind, which he rendered effectively. Later in the evening he sang " Tbe Song of the Third Battalioii," words by W.J. Evans, music by W. R. Pybus. The music of this Bong is well suited for the purpose intended, the refrain being written in a decidedly pleasing march time. "Mona," by Adams, is a song well suited to Mr. Middleton's capabilities and aner in which he has achieved success. He, however/ was not in good voice on this occasion, hut nevertheless sang the C in alt clearly and with full jiower. His rendering of the "Maritana" air, " Let me like a Soldier Fall," was not nearly eo meritorions. It is quite unsuited to his voioe. Mr. W. R. Pybus, the city organist, as musical director may be congratulated upon the great suocess of the ooncert which he pro vided. Besides playing the accompaniments to tbe vocal numbers in an artistic and sym pathetic style, he contributed also two organ solos—a fantasia by Merkel and a writing of Lemmens—for which he gained the warmest marks of approval from his audience.^ The management, though considerably incon venienced by the performance of other oonoerts, will continue to provide equally attractive entertainments during the season. After a reorganization, which really means an amalgamation with other German" Musical Societies of the city, the Adelaide Liedertafel, as recently reconstructed, gave their first concert on Monday night in the Town Hall. The Liedertafel was founded more than thirty years ago, and now has amongst its members one or two who were associated with it at its inception. Unlike other Musioat Societies which have risen! blossomed, and faded into insignificance, it has continued in the even tenor of its way, and proudly say that it stillexists, Some few months ago it was wisely decided toarrange for the organiza tion of a German Musical Society under the musical management of Herr Heinioke, who has had the advantage of such experience as could be gained in similar Societies in the Fatherland. The Liedertafel was the central point around which the members of other Vereins rallied. _ The result is that we have > now a combination of vooalists who are quite capable of rendering those chorases and part songs which Germans know so well how to sing in an artistio manner. About forty members appeared on the platform and the concert was a great success. On Monday evening an entertainment under the patronage of Archbishop Reynolds was given at the Albert Hall in aid of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral Fond. There was a very large audienoe, and a most enthnsiastio one too. Miss Nellie O'SuIlivan was pianist. Mr. J. Bermingham sang "Madeline," and later on " Good Night, Beloved." For both of these numbers he gained a deal of applause, and for the latter he was recalled. The song " In Old Madrid" was contributed by Mr. Leo Brice, and Miss Nellie O'SuIlivan followed with a serenade, which was vociferously encored. Her second song on theprogrammewas "Fiddle and L" Mrs. Geach sang in a very pleasing manner " Dream of Home1 (L'Arditi), and she was recalled by the audience, who were delighted with her effective singing. Mr. W. Gordon gave the popular song " A Warrior Bold," for which he received quite an ovation. Several ladies and gentlemen whose names were on the programme did not appear, and their absence was apologized for by Mr. Gordon. Miss Cooke, Mr. Horace Hogon, and Mr. Brunette also contributed to the programme, which was concluded by a "dramatio representation"' entitled "Declined with Thanks," in which Messrs. Morrissey (2), Tormay, Williams, and Jacobs, Mrs. Geach, and the Misses Linaham and Kean took part. In the course of a few weeks a new piny will be produced in Adclaido, and it is now being actively rehearsed. Mr. Guy Boothby is the author, and the title he lias given the play is " The Jonquil." The original plot was sug gested to him by Mr. Kyrlo Bellow, and was partly written in collaboration with that aotor, who, owing to his sudden departure for Europe, had to terminate his relations with Mr. Boothby. His interest in the piece is still retained, and the English rights are now in his possession. From " The Tale of Two Cities" the idea of the play was first obtained, but in thp course of construction a distinct line of treatment was given. We understand that arrangements are being made for the play to be produced at the Theatre Royal, and Mr. Boothby is in communication with Mr. George Rignold, of Sydney, with a view to its produc tion there. The Saturday Review and the Spectator are not behind the Quarterly Review in their con temptuous dismissal of the claims of " Hedda Gabler." The former declares that "the straightforward coarseness of the Restoration plays seems comparatively wholesome by the side of the insidious nastiness of these photo graphic studies of vice and morbidity. The latter observes that " if the theatre should fall into the hands of Ibsen and his followers, the scene would be shifted from the pulpit to the lecture-room of a medical school; the theatre stage would become the operating theatre of the hospital—the room where the skilled sur geon vivisects his unconscious patient, and explains to his suborbinates the nature of the disease before them—and we should be expected to find gratification in the careful exposition and illustration of all the different stages in the most horrible hereditary complaints and mental ailments." Mr. Frederick Wedmore, the accomplished critic of art and the drama, also declares in the Academy that " Hedda Gabler" "does not address itself to the cultivated layman, but to the student of mental disease;" and he adds, "of 'Hedda Gabler'—less putrid indeed than 'Ghosts,' less hopelessly enigmatical than 'Rosmers holm,' less simply nonsensical than 'The Doll's Houbb,' and yet quite morbid, quite monstrous, and quite silly—of ' Hedda Gabler' not one other word." Mr. Wilson Barrett at a rehearsal (says a. London newspaper) told his company he had been trying to teach them how to act until he bad nearly lost his voice, and that if they did not show mure aptitude he would close the theatre, and they would have to earn their own living. This rather opened the eyes of the ladies ?.*>d gentlemen of the company, who firmly believed they had been earning their own living all along. Mr. Edwin Booth, the well-known actor, has announced his intention of retiring from the stage. The Australasian rights of the comedy now being performed with suoh success at the Court Theatre, "The Late Lamented," have been secured by Mr. William Terriss and Mr. 8. French. The piece is now being performed in New York—where it has met with a highly favourable reception—under the title of "Mr. Wilkinson's Widows." 