ANOTHER "DREAM" BY OLIVE SCHREINER. "GOD'S -LIGHT ON THE MOUN TAINS." "And God sold, Let there br light, And there was light." One by one the clouds lifted, and the ddnse drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. The great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the heavens' ethereally. faint blue. Eternal snow- lay frozen white upon them, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But one wide bar of luminous gold lightened their slopes towards the east; and in that warm and tender haze the hard snow melted, and the pu pl? violets opened into bloom. Two.dark figures of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen the radiance from afar, and now, they entered it together. They were brothers in their common lot and creed, but vs they stepped into the golden glory their brown grow heavy with distrust and wrath. "What doest thou hero? " said the one. "The light is mine I" " Nay, fool," said the other, "thou liest the light is mine I " And the evil.frown deepened on their faces, and they forgot their brotherhood and fought -fought with a monreoleo blind fury for every inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs; fought till the violets on the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blpod that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. And tho Shadow's name was Death. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering their eyes they fled swiftly ; and the Shadow went with them. And their blood sank into the cool, brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay still upon the moun tains. Two women came into the Light. They were great Queens, brow-bound with gold and -burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dragged a fainting feeble creature like a child with wings, an almost dlying thing that wept and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came. Reaching the Light, the women naused and faced each other. " Loose thou thy hold of Love," said the ono-" for lo, we have reached the goal, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine." "0O traitress !" cried the other. " What hast thou to do with beauty where I am ? I am the mistress of the world; love is my ser vant, light my heritage. Disputo no more, for love and light are mine I" And again tihe shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grow pale and thin, and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. Bhut the winged child remained alone weep ing. And God's Light lay softly on the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. llaro-headued and with uplifted eyes, he paused and looked and smiled. H1is limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil ; but, though his face was p aleand careworn, it was beautiful. His lips parted in a sigh of rapture. " This inthe Light !" he said, " Iy God, I thank Thee I" And the winged Love, who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. "0, who art thou?" it questioned him sobbingly. " Who art thou that has toiled no far to find the Light, and hast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and praise ?"' And the Stranger smiling, answered, " I am known as the Despised and Lonely. In all the world I possess nothing-not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first Ileginniog-alone I must he to the last End. But I have sought the Light and found it, wherefore I praise the Giver of the Light who hath not suffered me to be dismayed. For I bear the name most hated among men -the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness. brighten ing into the Light itself. And tired Truth drank in the golden Glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar. off there was a sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, bhut no one who reads it (says our correspondent) can doubt that it is correcotly attributed above. If not by Miss Schreiner, it is certainly a very happy attempt in the same style.] 