OUR COUNTRY LETTERS. — . (ffBGX OtJB OOSBBSTOICDHHTS. Willi, Lly23. THBram has been tsry patehy this autumn. The wheat sown t ay early caught the rains, and, the sou being warm, it view rapidly, and Is now exhibiting a healthy, vigo- 'SFbas appearance. The grain sown recently has mot had enough rain; hence ft Is coming up areak, thin, and patchy. A good rain is most perirable just now to cause the seed sown to granntoate and the grass to advance. CloudBof Must hover over the' harrower as he works the triable soil. The weather is decidedly warm, Jm&king; the horses perspire very freely indeed. She nights are oold end frosty. The continued Afffclto frosts dry the land very rapidly. The stiffar coils are getting very tough to plough, %nd the ploughman would like a wee drop of tain, Many farmers expect a heavy downpour when the weather breaks, as we have had none porso long a time. One of our local sages pre- ftfiiotB a cold, dry winter. Oar annual hospital fits was held on Wednes- jflar, and realised about £80, As farmers are jljo busy in May, the Hospital Committee would mo well to get the fits in future at a more con venient time for the a grioulturists, who \yf9uld then attend to large numbers. The Electric Light Committee sat on Tuesday and advanced the scheme another step. The cost of the plant will be about £2,500, and if the town folk will guarantee to take 500 lights £3 each, the affair will be a good venture. A deputation was appointed to call on the town folk to see if the 500 lights will be guaranteed. W are having regular Runny Creek summer Weather here at -i present, but I expect we (Trafalgar) y Will have to pay for it in the spring, as I predict May 20. that after a dry winter — we will have a wet and fisterou8 spring. There is a greats difference the temperature in this part in districts not lar apart. For instance, while your Childers Correspondent is warming himself by the fire of An evening up in the ranges, we in this fiat and sheltered region are airing ourselves out in the garden. A meeting of our leading dairymen waB held gat the institute this evening (Wednesday) to fake steps to start a butter factory at Tra falgar. I understand that an agreement was Arrived at. and a factory is to be erected ri?ht Way. This will be a great boon to the dis trict, and from a knowledge of The dairying capabilities of this part. I should say the ven ture will prove eminently successful. I uite agree with " Ex-farmer" about the jfalue of a garden. Nearly everyone hereabouts has a fruit and vegetable garden, put &3 1 travel round to other parts I notice electors (they call themselves farmers), who tare been twenty and thirty years in one place have, with the exoeption of the inevitable cabbage stamp, not the slightest apology for a garden. I also notice that the bread and salt flunk these people are addicted to is having an Injurious effect on the rising generation in the ountry districts. Man is naturally a vege- elil&n;, and his proper food is milk, oereals, trait, and vegetables. Either of these will sup port life, but combined they form & perfect diet, yieavy exhausting labour causes an unnatural craving for meat. This food being unnatural, creates a desire for stimulants, such as tea, tobacco, spirits, etc. These in time destroy the digestive powers, which can only be restored py a simple fruit and farinaceous diet, gardening is such an interesting and useful pursuit, that I am surprised that farmers do not attend to this most important branch of agriculture. One writer who has written a jbook on gardening says that the principal Article a gardener requires is "a cast u on back Jrith a hinge to it." This writer, although vidently a humourist, has certainly had some xperienc. Before closing this paragraph let hie advise all who possibly can to go in for a garden. If your back suffers your stomach will rejoice. The much abused mlddUmM oomes in for a food deal of attention now-a-days. I have too much faith in the farming industry to wish to fee it bolstered up at the expense of any class or industry, but I must say that the middleman takes more than < his fair share of the farmer's profit. To a pertain extent, perhaps, the middleman is a neoessity to the farmer. But unfortunately we pave too many distributors, too many ahop- ftcepezs and middlemen, and not enough pro- ; flutters and consumers. The consequence is : the middlemen are eating eaoh other's handa pff , and between them the farmer, whom they regard as legitimate prey, has a had time of it. But evan a worm will turn, they say, and the farmer has now reached the turning point, and has derided that the middleman must go and graft" for himself, and not live for ever on the toil of others. Of course, it cannot be Expected that the middleman will give np the ghost without a desperate struggle, and I expect some lively scenes before he la finally extinct. 