John Hull and his Other Island, by Aitrami BENNETT. London : Simpkin, Marshall, Hamilton, Kent, and Co., Limited, 4 Stationers' Hall-court, E.O. Warrington : Sunrise Publishing Company. Mr. Bennett's book is a record of three rather hasty I visits paid to Ireland between 1884 and 1887. The title of the work is somewhat infelicitous, inasmuch as it produces the rendering half-unconscious com- prisons with the widely-read works of Max O'Rell. In flying visits and sketches, such as those whose results were the "Innocents abroad" inonehomisphoro and " Joan Bull of Son The " in another, the artists' hand must be light-his esprit spirited, not sprawling. At the least suspicion of dullness or haziness the spell is broken, and the reader, laying down the book with some asperity, conscientiously forgets to take it up again. It is to be feared that many readers whose tastes have not been formed in the great Academy of "Gush" will restore the present volumes to their places in the circulating library on coming upon such outbursts 09 the following The waters clasped her [Erin] to their bosom with a passionate embrace. The sun and rain, uniting, love for her a garment of rich greenery. Her hills, like arms, were lifted in eternal yearnings after peace. Hor lakes wore as the tear- drops glistening on the visage of a maid disconsolate. Her plant found utterance in the murmur of innumerable streams abo smiled in fuchsias and she laughed in waterfall." To the young litterateur, as to the young poet, and perhaps the youthful maiden, such tropes and figures may appear the happiest of dainty inspirations. But to the experienced and fastidious writer or undergo one familiar with Ruskin's Alpine mosaics, where every word is weighed and fashioned so as to take its proper place in a symmetrical whole such wealth of luxuriance is but one remove from that most de- pressing of literary nightmares that go by the name of " fine writing." In fairness, to Mr. Bennett, however, it must be conceded that, every now and then, he evinces a talent for better things, and places his thumb with some emphasis on an undoubtedly sore point in the connection between the two islands constituting what is known as the United Kingdom. Throughout both volumes of Mr. Bennett's book the evidences are abundant that the followers of the rival political and racial factions mies few opportunities for pouring into sympathetic and inquiring English ears statements of a phenomenally antagonistic character. Lurid tales of moonlighting, malignity, and priestly intolerance, alternate with minutely detailed stories of landlord rapacity and stony- heartedness. While the siege of Derry and few .rtr^__HNfaM« battle of the . Boyne "thrill ' northern hearers, the defence of Limerick against all the wiles of William backed by the prowess of Dutch guards andFrenchHnguonots,Btillquickens the blood in the veins of southern peasants. Strange that the two-century old struggles on the banks of a couple of Irish rivers should continue to supply material for recrimination and blows, while the victories of Louis le Grand, of Marlborough, and Eugene our well-nigh forgotten 1 The author, who throughout the work evinces unequivocal Unionist tendencies, and rails in good set terms at Mr. Gladstone and his ways, becomes occasionally exultant on discovering that none of his humorous informants can define what "Home Rule really means. On the top of the Don y column of victory stands a statue of the Rev. George Walker, who was no unworthy member of the Church militant when the armies of James encircled the beleagured city The simulacmm's right hand gra. pod a sword which, it is said, fell from the stone or bronze fingers on the day George IV. appended his' Royal signature to the Catholic Emancipation Bill. No information appears of the fashion's fall, although, one would think, there must still survive in the neighbourhood many who were young men and women on that day in 1829, when George vowing he would ne'er consent, consented. Like ghost stories, a collection of which Mr. Stead desiderates for the Christmas issue of his magazine, the statements of how statues comported them selves on famous occasions, from the time Pompey's ran blood as the dying Caesar wrapped his mantle round him at its base, to the instituting Madonnas of Southern Italy, should be received with caution. Olio Ulster Scot was probably not far wrong when he opined that Home Rule would neither have the good effect anticipated by its friends, nor the evil. consequences prognosticated by its enemies. It was during the annual riots in proof of the divine mission of Christ that Mr. Bennett visited Belfast, in some quarters of which the air seemed to be chiefly occupied by blasphemy and bricks. People courageous enough to travel in trams and omnibuses lay crouched or huddled at the bottom so as to avoid a tete-a-tete with badly-aimed missiles. From this it would appear that life in the Ulster capital is subject to some inconveniences. Initspropor place a paving-stone is undoubtedly conducive to comfort. But unsolicited meetings with flags in motion should find no place in an evening's programme of amusement. The town was alive with soldiers, brought together, not so much to make war as to make peace. It is here (p. 109, vol. 1) that the author, evidently a young man, indulges in a mild ebullition of what is known as Jingoism on one side of the Channel and Chauvinism on the other. He observes : " The main thoroughfares were continuously patrolled by bronzed and sturdy warriors, among whom were the famous Black Watch, whose manly bearing and swinging strides, and stern features, and huge hairy helmets, impressed the beholder with the thought that those were men upon whom the nation might, in the hour of peril, rely with the utmost confidence warriors sans peur et sans reproche, The pride of their country and the envy of the world." Through western, central, eastern, and southern Ireland Mr. Bennett passed rapidly during his subsequent visits. From jaunting cars and railway carriages he viewed the land ; from railway porters, sidecar drivers, and occasional policemen he obtained an insight into the circumstances and peculiarities of the people. They are apparently an easy people to understand, once their confidence is secured by interesting himself in their potatoes, pigs, and potheen. How their rulers have so long mis- understood thomas remarkable. One would think that a simple and primitive people who asked nothing beyond permission to wear and waist coats and knee-breeches to dance at a cross road on Sunday evening, and balance the week's accounts with bludgeons on Monday morning, could be governed without difficulty. That there is a difficulty, however, is clear, and it is to be feared that the author of the work before us has failed to discover it. A word with regard to the character of the task set himself by Mr. Bennett. Of all difficult literary enterprises there is none that can compare with that of going a mile, or 10,000 miles, from home and describing your new surroundings so as to interest us to make popple who read one article or book look forward with pleasure to the appearance of another. Yet there is no apprentice but thinks himself qualified for such a task. Consider what is essential wide reading, trained habits of observing, by means of which items of moment he grasped tenaciously, while matters of slender attractiveness are instinctively dropped; n felicitous manner of putting things, and, above all, an imagination that frequently races but never bolts. It is because of the absence of the latter faculty that many honest men write books of travels which give much useful information usually found in encyclo pindins, guide-books, and gazetteers; but which, from the imaginative and descriptive side, may fitly be called ghastly. It is no disgrace for Mr. Bennett to have been but a qualified success in a field which assures but to betray a field in which but one gleaner out of a thousand succeeds. 