THE HOKKOIt OP ASTKO NOMY. (From the Spectator.) If the impression produced on man kind In general by tbe perusal of Dr. Huggins' presidential address to tbe British Association could be truthfully disclosed, we expect It would be some thing very nearly skin to horror. Most people aiesby of confessing eveu to them-i selves that tbey have experienced in re- j gard to any intellectual conception the real sense of horror— tbe sense which be numbs and oppresses the intellect wltb a dull acb--. If, however, tbe civilised por tion .if the human racecnuldbeputtotbe question, we believe that tbe majority would be found tn experience this feeling in regard to tbe facts and deductions of astronomy. Every human being knows what it is to feel at times asudden nameless horror— a eblvering fit of tbe soul as well defined as an ague of tbe body. Tbe mental agitation aod distress caused by doubts, fore- bodlngs, and difficulties con nected with religion, or witb tbe sense of miscouduct, is something very different. Tbe sensation we mean is neither a mat ter of melanaboly, nf religious opinion, nor of remoBe- It is iostead, if we may be nllowed tbe expression, a physical ex perience of the intellect. For some reason nr other, this formless eenss of bnrror is evoked more strongly by tbe science of astronomy than by any other. Tbat it Is not due to fear, in tbe ordinary sense of the word, is quite obvious. Astronomy may have disclosed certain risks run by mankind, but tbey are nothing wben compared witb those that are made known by plenty of other eoienceB. Tbe notion tbat we may some day be rammed by a comet can perhaps be rendered Blarming; but bb a rule, tbe alarms of astronomy concern a distant age, when tbe sun sball bave cooled, or wben a new force of attraction shall have arisen to lead tbe errant earth into a dangerous and unlravelled path. Again, many of tbe astronomical facts which most easily conjure up this sense of awe and terror bave little or no rela tion to our planet. What is as heart shaking as the tbougbt of a star that hBS foundered and gone out in tbe mid firmament of heaven ? We may be reasoned into regarding It as common place, but at first It is terrific and awe inspiring in no ordinary degree. Yet even if, when the last star eooled or burst into a million meteorites, or was can noned into space by tbe Impact of eome other world, It contained ten thousand million of inhabitants, no ground exists for any special regret. If subject tn death, they would bave been dead by now. Tne catastrophe of tbe heavens wbicb over took tbem only shortened their lives. It Ib clear tbat it is not merely pity for tbe possible inhabitants that causes tbe sen sBtiou. Again, the sensation is called up equally acutely by thought of thevast ness and tbe solitude of space, by the height and fury of tbe flames tbat Bre leaping from tbe sun. and by Ibe thought that the whole solar system, and all the million systems that are Its neighbours, are hurrying from some unknown and unknowable starting-point to eome equally unknown and unknowable goal What we would fain discover Is tbe reason why these thoughts stun and In timidate tbe soul. We believe one explanation Is to be found In tbe unfamlllarltv nf the facts of astronomy. Tbey appal because we cannot make them easily fit In wltb our general oonoeptlon of existence. Whether consoiouBly or unconsolously the human brain maps Its oonoeptlonB In a bind of order, and glveB each its relative Impor tance. It bappena, however, tbat though most men learn tbe elementary facta of astronomy, tbey give tbem very little at tention. These faota are not, as a rule, retained In aotive memory and worked out automatically by tbe mind. Hence, when any new discovery or fresh point of view io regard to astronomy ie pre sented | to tbe mind, It produces, as It were, a disturbing element. It does not lit in or aquare wltb ordinary buman thought, The mind resists its concep tion juBt as It resists an experience wbicb is believed to bs supernatural. A. man wbo seas a ghost manifestation, and be lieves it to bs a boas, is naturally enough not inspire* witb any sense of borror or awe, Another, however, wbu, for some retBon, thinks tbe manifestations super natural, at onoe feels a sensation akin to that wbiob we are trying to analyse. He is faoe to taoe wltb a faot wbiob will uo t fit in wltb bis ordinary Intellectual oonoeptlonB, and so Is disturbed and be wildered— and disturbed and bewildered so acutely at to experlenoe an aotaal' sense of pain, Tbat this Is tbe oause of tbe sense of mental dlstnrbanoe produced In many people by astronomy, ie also shown by tbe faot tbat those wno study astronomy aud make tbemselves familiar wltb tbe solenoe of tbe heavens, do not (eel It, Tbey have mapped oat their mental oonoeptlon on tbe proper eoale, ami the march of tbe Solar System through space is a phenomenon as little dl-turbing as tbe fall of an apple to the ground. Familiarity and the power of properly adjusting tbelr mental outlook, have made them ineeoBlble to tbe horrors of the stars. After all, tbere is ootblng essentially more awe-inspiring lo tbe funis of astronomy, tben in tbe feodenoy of water to run down bill. Tbat It Is the consciousness of some thing unfamiliar, of something tbat haB ?ot been mentally assimilated, wbicb primarily produos sensations whlob at first sight seem eo Inexplicable, is bIbo shewn Iu the fact that many people experience as great, a horror at the discoveries of the m croscopeas of tbe telesoope. There I - something intellectually horrible iu the thought of tbe Infinite multiplication of ttf' in a drop of dirty water. If each drop contains a unlveise of Its own, linw at palliug is the sum-total of vitality iu th» pnnd. The student of tbe micro scopic Investigation gets bis Ideas on these matters In order, but tbe ordinary mm suddenly confronted witb tbem is eislly horrified. Tbe infinities inside our world bave beoome as awesome as the In finities of space. Yet, In reality, both series of facts and deductions, have only got tn be properly known and understood to lose all tbelr horror. In tbe caee of astronomy, however, we cannot help thinking tbat tbe horror Ib to a certain extent Intensified by tbe thought of tbe Insignificance of man as compared wltb the world of the stars. Tbere must, we should Imagine, be eomelblng oppressive even to the astronomer In tbe vastnesB of bis field of study and the pettiness of man. Tbe Laureate's thought.— What Is 11 all but a trouble of anu, In Ihe gleam of a million million of anus? most sometimes given even tbe Astromer Royal a momentary scoru for his bind. No doubt reason will soon bring bitn n corrective, by asking what littleness or bigness bas to do wltb It ; but tbis philo sophic balance must, one would think, be at times upset by keeping tbe eves and thougbte always on vaetness. For tbe mass of mankind, In some form or otber, a certain borror will at any rate cling to the stare — or, ratber, to tbe mental con ceptions wbicb allacb to tbem. Matter* en momentous, yet so aloof from our ordinary thought, are sure to perplex aDd disturb as. 