| liiiiiiiiiii ; PART IIL— CHAPTER VI.— CONTINUED. V' .There was.no chance for further | ' conversation— they were in the draw- ing-room. And Arthur Trevelyan A: '.' npver dreamed that, in that instant, he had hit upon the truth, y.':. Lady Isabel went into dinnor on ;i /.. her .lover's arm, and listened to his murmured conversation; bub often, very often, her eyes wandered to the faces of her father and Colonel Yornon. And steadily and incessantly she ;,/ found the earl's furtive gaze fixed on >;; . the stranger's face. Lor the colonel, he looked as calmly unmoved as the Paiian Ganymede upholding tho great cluster of flowers in tho centre of tho table. Ho was talking brilliantly and ! well. It scorned the silent colonel could talk, rather to Mr. Trevolyan's K surprise, who had hitherto found him f inclined to monsyliables. Y Did he seo the glances his fair !/ betrothed cast so frequently at that i\ , handsome, sun'browned, gold-boarded ' face? If so, they did not disturb !|i.' his admirable equanimity. Ho took it for granted — the likeness to the f. defunct young lordhng accounted for V- it. - Women were all romantic — this.' Was romantic; He ate iiis dinner, and ,'! made murmured remarks, and his np- ; . petite was not injured by the fact that my lady was inattentive, and re- sponded absontly, even though this ;v was the ovening of his arrival. He J:'; was not feverishly in love, no moro was sho, arid presently, he knew not ,how, ' silence fell between them; and two 7 . . black eyes .and a i saucy, merry face ,( came to him from over the se'ay and he fo.und ' himself wondering where, little l-;f ' Ladybird might be, alone and jfriend- .;! less in her beauty and youth. " Perhaps Colonel Vernon, though he v never seemed to look that way, missed none of tho glances of those wondrous violet eyes. Amid all his anecdotes of '.? tho Indian war, and Canadian life in' city and camp as ho hod found it, he V. caught the (lute-like voice of the Flower of, Arragon, and tho looks directed 7>V : towards him. He had half hoped, half ;'f,' dreaded, Lady Lismore might appear : '&> ' at dinner — sho would reconcile him, lie ;:f, was certain; but Lady Lismore never £' djned in public now. The disappoint- ment was slight — his Elvira sat oppor. is ' site him in azure silk, with white roses v . . iii her dead-black hair, moro beautiful , j " than the dream of an opium-eater! He wros Terence Tyrone, 20 years old, and hopelessly- enslaved once more, jg' Ho found himself besido her once, j:;: after dinner, in the long, suite of draw- ; ing-rooms. ' Many guests wero at- : Wajpham Towers, early as it was. f--. County beauties, proud and high- born,, moved airily about, and cast gracious glances upon the ;'tv' Canadian colonel ; but Ins eyes j,?. : Silw only ono fair face, that shone matchless among them all. She had Ml- ' been'singing, and he liad stood a littlo jfef apart drinking in those glorious tones, whilst tiq man she was to wed bent busjda- Tidr. fHo Ipolced at them 'both ' earnestly and long — the noble and ';;v lovely face of the Spanish girl, tho r|: handsome, nonchalant face of her tii lover, his hazel eyes full of lazy ad- miration and complacent proprietor- ship of the prettiest woman in tho 'I7I. house. ;-V,-\ .'(.".And she, 'fit to sit by an om- .;Ey ; ' poror's side and command him tasks,' will wed this languid Sybarito,". Colonel Vernon thought) bitterly. " A very good fellow, no doubt — an excellent husband for ,my Lady . Marston, or such , as she ; but no more fitted to be her husband than — a ploughboy ! I was a fool x to come hero ! ' Justice I shall have, ' though the heavens fall f and yet if?1-.; . that justice that tears tho coronet from her 'father's head, and shows him to tho world as the perjured would-be '1 murderer that ho is, would break that . haughty heart. And she looks at 1110 ' j with tho only' face I ever loved, arid 1 the old madness that I thought dead and done for is strong within nio as ever. And sho belongs to another man — to a friend -whose bread I have f broken, who trusts me so freely and so frankly. I was a fool to come — I will 7 , bo a villain if I stay. Sho does not cure for the man ' to whom she is pledged, and I feel it — yes, strong as man's instinct can teach him anything — that I could make her lovo me 1 Oh, heaven ! in losing my birthright I have lost for ever all that makes man's lifo sweet 1 Shall I spare Dennis Tyrone because tho child of Elvira do Lerma looks at me with those glorious eyes, with that matchless beauty? No !" his hand hung by his side clenchod, his eyes Hashed — "no ! . To tho uttermost farthing shall ho pay ! I loved hint- and' I trusted him — all I had was his — and his return was dis honor and death. Spare him ? No 1 I will cross his threshold no more. Before tho week ends my search for Luttrcll will begin, and, when I have found him, then, Dennis Tyrone, tho dead Aileen and tho living Terenco Tyrone will be amply avenged i" But though man may propose, tho woman he loves is very apt to dispose. Medea, tho erichantrcss, could conjure tho stars out of heaven, and the race of enchantresses had not died out with her. Hercules and Antony — Omphalo and Cleopatra could twist them round their little lingers and make of them tho veriest drivellers. So presently, when the stern and stalwart Canadian officer found himself in a cozy nook, beside Lismore's peerless daughter, all his heroic resolves melted away, and ho was listening to the soft music of that low-trained voice, dazzled and blinded by the light of the starry eyes and brilliant smiles. Trevelyan, leaning against the marble of the low chimney- piece, and flirting with Lady Marston and a wliolo group of country sirens, watched them under his eyelashes, and wondered a little at tho gracious mood of her im perial ladyship. Sho was a haughtily exclusive young beauty, not in the least disposed for sudden friendships— a most unlikely subject for lovo at first sight ; and yet hero was Colonel V ernon, met for the first time a few hours ago, admitted into the magic " inner circle " of her regard at once. " Is it because of his melodramatic resemblance to the defunct Irish cousin, or is it because he is my friend?" He smiled a little at the last' conceited notion. "If my lady loved me, that might account for it; but she is far beyond any such mortal weakness. It would not be polite, I suppose, to interrupt their private conversation." He took an easier position against tho mantel as the Earl of Lismore approached him. The Irish peer was still ghastly pale, and still kept that furtive but incessant watch upon his future son-in-law's friends. " The Canadian is inclined to mono polise," ho said, with a forced smile quite awful to see. "I congratulate you upon your freedom from the green- eyed monster. Ho is a remarkably handsome man." "Best-looking man in the room by long odds, myself included," Trevelyan responded serenely, "and I'm not jealous, thank you I It's a most fatiguing passion — never want .to get the steam up so high as that. And I have- every trust in my fair future bride." . ",Tle more'I look, at him,, the more his wonderful resemblance to — to the person I spoke of strikes me," tho earl Said, hastily. " If — if Terence Tyrone had lived, he must .have looked pre cisely as that man looks. There is somothing horrible in this wearing the face of the dead-r-it is like seeing a ghost." Ho laughed, but the laugh was hollow and forced. "Arthur, I wish you would tell me all you know of him." ". And that 'all' is nothing. Hois Colonel Vernon 5. he rose by his own invincible bravery -from tne < ranks, he is-V thorough' gentleman, and the best follow I over mot." -. "And is this all you,know?" "All, my lord." " And you bring a stronger — an adventurer— a blackguard, probably— here among your friends ; a man of whose - antecedents you are - totally ' ignorant, and present him to my daughter ! ' Sir, such conduct- — — " " My lord !" Mr. Trevelyan . said, and his soft,, slow 'voice 'contrasted strangely with tho , harsh, high 'tones of the other, " proy don't excito .your self. I rogret giving- you tho great trouble of getting angry, but, at the risk of : doing so still further, you will permit- Irio to say my friends must always be fit; associates, even for the daughter of Lord Lismore. What Colonel Vernon has been in the past, in his own country, ;I cannot say— what he is I : know— a gentleman, a scholar, and a hero I" " In his own country;" the earl had caught. but; tlicso words, " in the past ! What 'do you mean? Is lie not a Canadian)?" " No, I am quito cortain ho i3 not. English, Scotcli, or Irish, lie may be, nay, is — but of his birthplace and his history I am in profoundest ignorance. That that history has been a singular and romantic one, I am also positive. It would be strange, and melodramatic, and sensational, and all that," with a slight laugh, "if he turned out, after all, to bo the man you think dead. It's not likely, you know, but still Ah 1 excuse me, Lady Isabel beckons." Ho sauntered across the long room to tho side of his fair betrothed. Vernon'still held hi3 place near her; I10 had bocri talking, sho listening, and "her cheeks, were softly flushed, and tho brilliant eyes sweet and tender, nnd tiie'porfect lips wreathed in a thoughtful smile. " Hohas been talking of you," sho said, with the brightest glance she had over given him, "tolling me how bravely you saved his life." " And what of himself ? On their own morits modest men aro dumb, eh ? Has lie to'id you his namo was a word of terror with which mothers frightened j their children into being good, as the Karaeen matrons used with the name of King Itichard ? — was it Diehard, by tlio way ? Has lie told you I10 was a host in himself — tho invulnerable leader of tlio ' Devil's Own ?' I think of bringing out a book relating his exploits — and immortalising myself !" ... He had not once glanced. back at his lato companion — had he done so, tho livid horror in the earl's colorless face must have strangely startled him. Ho stood glaring, yes absolutely glaring at tho group, seeing only that one manly face, with its raro beauty and gravely smiling mouth. If it were true ! If Terenco Tyrone still lived — if this man wero I10 ! Tjio next moment ho could have laughed aloud at his own folly. " I am a fool j" I10 said, fiercely, " a drivelling monomaniac ! I fancy re semblances whore resemblance thero is none. I will put it to the test, by heaven l" he started up with a sudden idea. " My wife shall see this mail | If Terenco Tyrone wore alive, old and grey and hoary, she would still know him | Dead and in his grave he has still been my. rival — still poisoned my lifo 1" He walked resolutely away, and not once again during that evening did lie glance in tho direction where this trio sat. They held their place until tho parting hour came, and when beforo had tho Flower of Arragon been so sweet and so gracious, so tender and womanly, as 011 this night ? Sho gavo her hand to her lover at parting — it lay looso and unresponsive in his — then to the stranger from over the sea, and it thrilled, as 110 man's touch had ever thrilled it before, in his warm clasp. That night, as she unbound the long, rich hair, her maid wondered at tho new light, so dreamy and indescrib able, that softened the perfect beauty of my lady's face, unci made it radiant. And tho violet eyes, whose like sho had never scon save in her own mirror, haunted her into the land of dreams. She stood upon a towering cliil', whilst tlio day dawned rosily over tho sea, and from the rose-flushed waters a form arose, wearing tho face of the stranger soldier, and looking at her with the grave, beautiful smile and eyes. " Come !" he said, holding out his arms, " my bride, my darling ! I am not dead, and I have waited all these years for you !" And with a heart full of bliss, she leaped from the clift' into those extended arms, and awoke ! . Arthur Trevelyan drove his friend home in his mail phaeton, and on the way discoursed of the manner in which his worthy parent- in-law was exercised by his uncommon resem blance to a gentleman dead and gone. Colonel Vernon, sitting back with folded arms, listened with a grim smile. " Tried to convince him he might be mistaken," Trevelyan said, puffing at his cigar, "but tho obstinacy of these elderly fellows is past belief. Told him you might be the dead man come to lifo again — they do that sorb of thing in light literature, you know, though I don't think myself it's practicable." " And you couldn't convince him ? " Vernon said, with a sardonic laugh. '! How can he be so positive about his cousin's murder if ho didn't see him murdered, and they never found the body 1" , " Put it to him," Trevelyan drawledj 'fall no use. You loolc-as much like the dead man as two peas know you do, because I've seen his picture. Melodramatic on your part, as I've said before, to go about with the fron- tispice of4 a dead man, not but that it is an uncommonly handsome one, all tho same ! Wanted your biography; the earl did ; very sorry I couldn't give it to him." ..." Couldn't think of putting you to.- so muoli trouble, my friend," the colonel said, dryly ; " and as for the -earl, his profound interest does me honor. I sliall take the liberty some day : myself, perhaps, of pouring my liumble history, into his noble ears." There was a pause. Both men puffed their cigars whilst they whirled through the starry beauty of the May night. " Aud what do you think of my lady, tho Flower of Arragon ?" tho youngor man asked, abrupt!)'. .'..A slight Hush arose to the bronzed ohoek of the soldier; but the night hid it. " That she is well named," lie an swered, slowly. "Your Flower of Arragon is perfect and peerless." " And we are at home," said Tre velyan, as they drew up, and the groom came to lead away the drag. " Doesn't tho old place look picturesque by moonlight?" :i His eyes kindled. He loved every tree, and stone, and ivy spray — yes, witli a deeper love than that for his fair Spanish brido. And Colonel Ver non's deep gaze rested on him for an instant with a look that was almost envious. " Yes," ho said ; " vou aro a fortu nate man, Arthur Trevelyan." Tho other laughed gaily, and led tho way himself to his guest's room — a noble apartment, a fire flickering on the tiled hearth,, and rich.- .draperies of ruby velvet glowing in the leaping light. " Good night, and fair dreams, my boy," I10 said. " You will sleep well if you are half as drowsy as I." He left him, and Reginald Vernon stood before the fire, and gazed up at a portrait over the mantel. It was a crayon head — an admirable likeness, though merely a sketch, of tho Lady Isabel Tyrone. The proud, drooping eyes, tho gravely-smiling mouth, looked in tho firelight alive. Long lie stood before it entranced ; the spell of tho enchantress was upon him as it had been upon many men before, and he was hold in iron gyves by its magic power. And when at last I10 undressed atid lay down, it was long before sleop came, and lie lingered and watched the flickering firelight upon the lovely face of the Flower of Arragon. CHAPTER VIII. TUB GII'S V GUtl.'s l'KOPHKOV. "Scarlet wins ! Blue's ahead ! No, 110, no ! Purple and gold lias it ! Ten to one on Flower of Arragon ! Purplo and gold wins ! Hurrah I hurrah ! Flower of Arragon wins !" It was tho spring meeting. The ring was thronged, the uproar was deafening. The excitement and betting wero immense. All tlio horse-rocing squires of the county mustered there, and beauty looked down .from tiio grandstand and craned its ' white neck and flashed its bright eyes, and felt its heart, sink or rise, according as it had won or lost its' bets of best Jouvins. For scarlet and bluo and yellow were ignominiously beaten, and purple and' gold rode 'iti- winner. Flower of Arragon, a bay. beauty, with slender logs and brilliant eyes, had won the race. Flower of Arragon could belong to no one, of course,! but Arthur 'Trevel yan. The little mare, entered for tho spring meeting, had surpassed oven his expoctations ; but his indolent smile was indolent as ever, and his nonchalant glance nover altered whilst huzzas rent the air, and men on tlio turf below seemed, going mad witli excitement. " Rather a close thing that finish !" ho murmured, gently. "I thought King Cheops would have had it. I might have known, though, that the bay mare, so named, could not bo beaten. Flower of Arragon' must al ways win !" Lady Isabel Tyrone shrugged her shoulders a triflo disdainfully. Sho had sat thero on the grand stand be tween her lover and Colonel Ver non, and there had been ' very little of interest In the, violet eyes that followed- her colors over the field. '-.She - 'hacB como there because sho could not very well stay away, but whether her namesake won or lost tho great raco was. a patter of yory little interest to her. Colonol Vernon stood besido her. Yes, though two weeks had gone by since that night on which lie had made his heroic resolves, Hercules lingered still by the distaff of Omphale. Ho could ' not go. The fascination that held him was a sorcery lie was power less to resist. Tho long, bitter years of desolation, and loneliness, and lost heritage, had dropped away i'rjm him' like a cloud — his youth had returned, and the woman ho worshipped once more smiled upon liim with dazzling eyes and sweet gentle lips. lie loved as he had never loved be fore — nay, not Elvira de Lerma — this regal beauty, whose.inviucible coldness and pride had yielded to him as they had never yielded, bofore. to mortal man. Ho had made his resolution in all good faith — he meant to keep it honestly — would havokeptitbutforthe power of circumstances. And to the power of circumstances we are all, tho best and bravest of us, abject subjects. To linger there and meet her father day after day, her mother, perhaps, would have been simply impossible ; but on the day following his arrival pressing business of a political nature had called the convalescent poor back to town, and he had but returned upon cms morning. Tor my Iatly, she was a confirmed invalid, just able to move about her. apartments, and no more. Her friends visited her there, her future son-in-law among the rest ; but the Canadian officer; of course, she had never seen. Her life" hung 'but by a thread ; not . for; <worlds . would Lady- 'Isabel have let her mother meet the man who so strangely wore the face of the loVer of her youth. And so he had lingered, yielding to solicitations 'of his friend and host, and' gave himself . up to the spell of the siren. They met daily— at dinner, and evening parties, boating and riding excursions, improvised - picnics, and pilgrimages to ruins. They niet daily, and why her heart- quickened its beat ing, and why the world looked a brighter and fairer place than ever beforo, Isabel Tyrone never thought or asked herself. She knew that a dreamy and novel bliss, filled hor -life; that she could listen and never weary whilst Colonel Vernon talked ; that she had learned to search for his tall form, and grove, noble face in crowded rooms, and to find . them wearily empty' if ho were not there. She knew it vaguely, but it, was all so new and strange to her that as yet she had not dreamed that at last she loved. As lier gaze wandered . over the surging throng below, a face and figure she knew arrested her attention. It was the striking figure of a gipsy girl, all robed in scarlet and bluo, witli gilt ornaments flashing in the sun rays, a crimson silk handkerchief knotted over her blue-black hair, and her dusky face strikingly picturesque from its glowing drapery. . "Look she said, touching her lover's arm, "do you remember that face ?" "Tlio gipsy, by Jove! who told us our fortunes a year ago. How hand some and stately sho is. Looks like an Indian princess, or a picture by Velasquez or Van:— what's his name ? Didn't come true, did they? her pre dictions?" ... i..„ " I have forgotten what they were," Lady Isabel said, carelessly. " Have you ever had your horoscope cast, Colonol Vernon? If not, now is tlio time. You will never find a fairer seeress." "My fortune was told 20 years ago," the Canadian officer said, with his grave smile, tho futuro I think I can pre dict for myself. Your dusky sybil might easily tempt a more hopeful man. Seo that strange figuro speaking to her now." A wretoliod-looking vagrant leaning on a stick, his faco sliadod by a bat tered hat, had hobbled up and ad dressed her. She turned from him, and looked up at tho grandstand with dark, earnest eyos, as though he had spoken of them. Tho eyes of tlio vagrant turned, too, in that direction — red, fiery oyes, full of fierce hate now, as they fixed on the face of .the Earl of Lismore. " Aye, thero he stands, the cowardly murdorer, tlio perjured traitor, high in honor among tlio great, titled, and wealthy, looking down on honest men like dogs. I wonder if I10 thinks— tho mighty Earl of Lismore — as another of his order once said, ' All men aro equal on tho turf, and — under it.' There ho stands, and ono nnd twenty years almost have passed since Aileen O'Rourke and Terence Tyrone found the water their winding sheets, and still he lives and prospers. And they say there is an avenging heaven after that." Ho hobbled away with a last look of baleful hate. He never looked at the others ; lie plunged away among the crowd, soliciting alms with tho true professional whine of the beggar tribe. As the ladies and gentlemen swept down from the grandstand through the field tho handsome gipsy came suddenly up to them, and confronted Arthur Trevelyan. " My protty gentleman, let the poor gipsy tell your fortune." Arthur laughed ; Lady Isabel, upon his arm, shrank ever so slightly back. " My protty gipsy, I think I have had the pleasure of hearing you speer fortunes before, and — it was a waste of silver. They didn't come true." " But they will come true," the for tune-teller answered, loftily ; "Sybiila speaks but what tho stars have written. Let mo see your hand." , He laughed again at the imperious tone and yielded. The dark-eyed prophetess bent above it, and peered into the womanly palm. When she lifted her bead her eyes (lashed. " It has como true !" she said, trans fixing him with those glittering eyes ; " you have found the love of your lifo in a land beyond tlio sea — found hor, 'and left her ! Sybiila knows the past as well as the future. My pretty lady, let me toll for you." But- Lady Isabel waved her back proudly and coldly. "No! We have had enough of this folly. Stand aside, and allow us to pass on." "Ah, you are haughty, my pretty lady, and you will not let me look in that dainty palm because you fear to —yes, fear, my lady, though fearless blood runs in your veins. You fear the truth— fear your own heart. Your hand is to go to one, while your heart is given to; another. My gentleman, shall I not predict for you ?" Sho turned with swift, subtle grace to Colonel Vernon, coming up at the moment with Lady Marston. "A gipsy!" cried her vivacious ladyship; "and, mon dieu ! such a- pretty one.! Oh, I know she can -tell tho futuro for cortain, and we must have our fortunes told. Cross her palm, colonel, with a piece of silver, and let her predict. I am dying to know what is in store for you, you mysterious man. A group had gathered, Lord Marston and Lord Lismore among them. The former paused, smiling at his airy wife's chatter, the latter with an in tensity of eagerness under the circum stances quito absurd. And Lady Isabel paused also, with a sudden im- pulso of absorbing interest. Colonel Vernon smiled and obeyed. The gipsy took his hand, and gazed long and. earnestly into the myriad lines. " I see here a strangely chequered past — very bright, very dark, strange and tragical. A hand has been lifted against your lifo; some strong and deadly enemy has darkened your past ; but tho power of that enemy is at an end. The clouds are behind, the sun shines brightly bofore ; the close will compensate for the beginning. Sho dropped his hand. Did she speak at, random, or did his face tell her, keenly skilled in physiognomy, of that darkened, bitter past? It startled even him. He turned and looked straight into .the eyes of that "strong and deadly enemy." And the earl was white as a dead man. Lady Isabel drew a long, tremulous breath, nnd her lover felt her uncon scious, tightened grasp upon his arm relax. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 