MISSION TO THE JEWS IN SYDNEY. third report. 1890 91. When the ascending Saviour was leaving His parting inst-nctions with His Church on earth, He g ve the command: "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature. in ooeaience xo turn nis servants have endeavoured to make known His Name among the nations. Yet the task befpre the infant Church might well have appeared to be full of difficulties. There were inplacable enemies to be encountered, ignorance to be removed, prejudices to be overcome. The powers of the world led on by the Prince of darkness were oil arrayed against the lowly followers of Jesus. And there was ever present to their minds the aonBe of personal insufficiency, which threatened to. render in effectual tho spiritual weapons at their com mand, But the commission had been given. Love for Jesus stirr< d up His followers to mighty and persevering efforts. Faith laid hold upon the promised help of the Holy Ghost, and the gracious assurance of the Master cheered them throughout the conflict : "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." It was a part of the commission given to the Ohurcb, as the words of JeBus ore recorded by St. Luke, that the preaching of the Gospel should " begin at Jerusalem." The work of evangelising the world was therefore com menced in tho very place where the Lord had been crucified, and many thousands of the Jews beoame "obedient to the faith." Even when the Apostles went ont into other lands the principle laid down in this command of Jesus W8B still obeyed. Wherever they wont they began their work in " tho Synagogue of the Jews." At first the Jews listened in a friendly spirit. But when they found that the Gospel was preached to and accepted by the Gentiles they became its bitter opponents. Yet their violent opposition did not daunt the missionaries. When rejected by their own countrymen the Apostles turned all the more eagerly to the Gentiles, and God blessed their efforts ; and Christian Churches wore planted in Western Asia, in Eastern and Southern Europe and in Northern Afrioa; until by degrees the whole of tho Roman Empire had received the Gospel. But when the Church began to prosper, it also began to lose its first love ; and the desire for tho conversion of Israel to Christ beoame changed, by degrees, into bitter and cruel hatred. Bratal treatment and fearful massacres threatened to exterminate the race; and might have succeeded but for the ob stacle which we reeoguize in the undying promises of God. For " the gifts arid calling of God are without repentance." The Jews were confined to the lowest and filthiost parts ofthe cities, arid treated in every respect as if unfit to live. Is it; to be wondered at if such treatment for ages has intensified the prejudices with which the Jew has learned to regard the ro: ligion professed by his persecutors ? Con vinced of the divine origin of "his ' own: re ligion, even though that religion as now held, differs very materially both in ' letter and spirit from that which is found in the revela tion made by God toMbses, theJew has learned to regard Christianity with hardly conoealed contempt, and the:- effort: to per-; suado binri to accept.-Je'sus of Nazareth. as the Christ1 as an insult -to his understanding'. " - And yet the command of our Muster is still binding, "beginning at Jerusalem. " : Duty iB ours; tho rosult is God's. Gratitude to the race for the immense blessings which, through Israel, has been conferred upon the world, as well sb the thought of. what Israel will be to the world in the not distant future, make onr duty very plain. Wo must do our utmost to make known to the still belov d nation that the Messiah has come, and that that Messiah is Jesus of Nazareth. Thank God the effort to do this is being made. The work has been in progress in England and in other lands, and especially in Jerusalem itself for the last 83 years, and not withont a large measure of success. Many of the house of Israel have accepted Jesns, and many are now going forth to tell their brethren of His Messiabship and His love. We also in this country have been permitted to take a part in the work. Our friend, Mr. L. Abramowitch, himself by birth and edacii- tion a Jew, and now a believer in Jesus, has been labouring according to his opportunities for the past three years. By lectures and address<>s and by private conversations, he has sought to place before the Jews in Sydney and its neighbourhood the claims, the neces sity, and the blessedness of tho Gospel of Christ A considerable number of copies of tho New Testament in Hebrew has been cir culated among them, as well as copies of the New Testament in other languages, with which some are even more familiar. Mis sionary tours to Newcastle, and M-iitland, to Bathurat and its neighbourhood, and, within the last month, to Brisbane, have been resulted in the founding a mission to the Jews in that city ; and now a missionary, a Jewish Christian, is on his way from England to take up the work. The expenses of our mission have been met by the kind and liberal contributions of a few whose hoarts the Lord has inclined to give for the purpose. May He Who loves Israel, even while in rebellion, reward them abundantly in their own bosoms ! For we are assured that He does graciously notice and accept every act of self-denial for His sake, especially when that self-denial has for its ob ject His glory and the good of Israel. " I will bless them that bless thee," is a promise which still holds good. May those who support this mission realise its fulfilment! I affectionately and earnestly commend our mission to the prayers of all who love the Lord Jesus and who desire to recognise and — as far as may be— to repay the debt of gratitude aud lovo which we, as Christians, owe to the House of Israel. Let as send them the good news that Chii-it has come and died for sinners. What though their prejudices against Christianity are great; ; the professing Christian Onuroh is, to a great degree, responsible for many of those very prejudices, insuperable as experience has amply shown. : : / What a privilege doeB God now open; to us in permitting us to take a part in the work of sending back, the Gosp.l message to the remnant of the nation from whom in the first, place we ourselves received ' it. Let ue persevere in the work which God has given . us to do. Let us deny ourselves for Jesus' sake that we may tell His ancient people uc Hia love. If Ho loves them — and He does— let us also cultivate and manifest onr love for them. The work before ua may be full of difficulty ; but in due season we shall reap, if we faint not. The word we send to _them is not onr own, it iB from God ; and this being so the experience of past years assures 'us of the truth- of the promise— " My word shall not return Unto tne. void, bnt it : shall accomplish that which I please and prosper in the 'thing whereto I sont .it." ' 1 " Ob pray for the peace of Jerusalem, they ehall prosper that love thee. ' — Ps.,oxxsii. 6. ' Holy Trinity Parsonage, June 1,1891. 