Ho>v a Good Ship was Lost. 'V On the night of October 27th, 1842, the good ship" Mary ompton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a feaiful galo oft tho coast of North America, Tho wind blow : furiously, but tho weather was clear, and iho Captain expected every moment to pot eight of tho light in tho lighthouse on tho Iron Hook Shoals. This lighthouse marked tho entrance to tho harbour. Onco there, and they woro aafo. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later tho ship struck with a fearful shock and wont to pieces. Four mon, including tho Captain, wore oared. On renewing tho ehoro they found a strango thing bad happened. An enemy of tho lighthouso keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by tho lights. . Hopo is the most important lighthouso in tho world. What shall bo eaid of tbo man who ..darkens ib in tho faco of a storm- tossed spirit ? "You are beyond human aid." Theso words woco said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that bo thought so, hud ho tho right to say . so? No; for ho might bo wrong-and in any ease ho had no business to put out tho light. This woman had been ill for some time. In Jane, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by jhorsymptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled ''and," she said, "all objeots seemed to go into a cloud." She had . to bold herself up or sit down for foar of :;falliog. Sbe broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her .frame eo that she cuuld not lie down in bud and sleep. " 1 could scarcely orawl about tho house," she says, "X waaso weak. I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the dispensary at New Briggate and .asked the doctor to toll me the worst. Hia answer was, 41 have mixed' you some medi cine ; you can take it or leave it. X took it for fcbreo weeks, then gave up in deBpair. , "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid? " My heart sink within me, for I had fivo little cuiUl en, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not kuow me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick iu my throat. About this time I commcnoed vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time 1 remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in fiast'stroet, Loads (where I live), had been oured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jeeson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped tbo vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt bettor. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished tbo second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, ond was fast getting my strength baok. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. "I should havo taken Mother Seigol's Curativo Syrup sooner, but my hushand was out of work and we bad only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at lost, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know tho facts X have related, and I will reply to any letters ,of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40, Bread-street, York lioad, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dys* pepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mr*. jMills would havo bad no tale to toll. She did . wrong to.wait ono hour for any reason, after having known what Mothor Seigel's Curativo Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 