IAWEEK I» TPMOO TAINS. I \BY TEAM JfO TRELLUF. ] SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOR THE " PAGJTER S JOUKÎÏAL." Ho, for the Alps ? , Behold us a merry party of forty all told, well horsed, bound for the snowy plains and around tliem. We left Mr Riggall's Glenmaggie homestead on 2nd inst. at aboutnoon. Arrangements liad been made for a week's mountaineering,, and eight pack horse loads of provisions, utensils, clothes, and bedding accompanied the expédition. : The whole was organised by Messrs Riggall and Macfarlaue, who are well experienced in the necessities and contingencies of mountain camping and travel, and, as was proved, nothing had been forgotten in the preparations that could conduce to the comfort of the party. As we went off amid cheers, burning with high hope, we looked a fit cavaleadefor the road. Before us went the pack-horses, wearing amongst their loading articles of tinware, against which the sun flashed till fancy could iwell believe 'twas the gleam of an army's accoutrements, THE START. Glenfalljch was our first night's destination, whither members of the ltiggall family had gone on to prepare for our coming. The road, even in this first stage of the journey, was new to many, but the beauties of the river and mountain scenery could never be held in coutempt by much seeing, so that from the first our eyes were feasted. A halt for lunch and a rest was made at the first crossing of tiie Macalister, after which the party proceeded, much refreshed. Soon a single file march had to be maintained, for the most "part the track being narrow and in many* places precipitous, nothing, however, compared with what we travelled later on. Within a few miles of GLtnfaJIoeh a long steep hill put the climbing powers of the d<iwnconntiy horses to the test, they being well shod, showed themselves fit. The scene from the top of this hill w is something grand in extent and b amy, tiie ever-winding river appearing beimr, with the broad valley, near hill, and distant mountain. On the top of iin.nii.-r high liiif Ave could see Glenfal- •<• homestead lying twom ; les off, itself • h a hill, but appearing low fr.im our '!. v ;1 'ion. We viewed the house ana \- ,.-r .undings through a glass, which br iglit things into such nearness that so.n oue declared he could smell a supper .it ro.i-t duck. This awoke intense, if min 1 .ne, feelings in us, and we i t r ed forward. One more steep deseeiH, .iid the station pane! was readied. A brisk canter of about a mile brought us t our journey's end, where we received rev w -lcoine from tho-e g.-ue before. Hie i aek'ior-es were not far behind, and \- •<•!! iheie was a hustle, everyone identifu'ng tneir luggage as it came off the iiorses. So.in the ladies were un- :ia I ed, ami seated at. a well-spread i'i . wiiii the gentlemen as waiters. Pii s ..rd t of things was observed i or og .oat the trip, and the stronger sex in-! indefatigable in their services. Af er • vervone had had te.i, a pleasant linn '• ;<s spout in the open air, though in vi. ,v of the next day's long ride an ear!.- retirement was made. A BDSV SCENE. Next morning there was a busy scene ,eiuf icing- the provisions, packing, jfa .. r 11g t|>e horses and saddling up— ,ili 1 ii> made several hours hard work for t 1 •• en^tged in it. No time was lost, an • w./re off bv 9 a.m. on our 35 1 journey o'er river and mount. The • i-'in n each carried a pannikin at !•••!• : the-e were in frequent demand e r.ver crossings, the air making • on- very thirsty. We crossed the .1 '• «lis . r rivor three times this day, ' t ilie We lingto i eighteen limes, that . .ep'-e-no full of windings, and the i keeping as close to it as possible. I'JI.' > for iiiigs were not difficult, though e 1 v of b ulders had to be gone over, f lie banks .f the river are very picturesque ; iu many places steep, and ju ting rocks compose them, often of a j 1 inky hue, while shrubs anfT tS-aitles siiirt the banks in profusiou. Animal life was conspicuous hy its absence in these places, scarcely anything but small UiHs were «een. One pheasant was l'Serve I to dart into the scrub, and fur her on .111 emu. In the lagoons about Glenfallocli, however, water-fmv! of various kinds abound, and speckled birds like wood-cuek, unclassified in any vocabulary. A gentleman of Our party, well trave.ied in tlieîe range*, kept us interested in tales of the blacks, historical an H mythological,—their superstitions and lore, now almost extinct as themselves, must have been weiid and peculiar. The track was again narrow for the most part, in some places the packixirses could scarcely pass through the trees with their bulky loads, and frequent stoppages had to be made to adjust parts of the loading. The animals showed wonderful instinct, sometimes before ihe driver had time to notice that a load was insecure, the animal would stop, and refuse to go further until the straps were tightened. THE BOAD. Our guides found easy paths for us, shewing their thorough knowledge of these wilds. Sometimes the party winding along a hillside would be scattered over half a mile- in small contingents, those in the rear being out of sight of the ones in advance, because of the many taras and windings, of the .track. Ajfc one point of vantage ' we stopped and viewed through tiie excellent glass Mr P. Wallace carried, Crinoline Hill, which has along its whole face terraces of brown rock, divided into two parts by a wide, natural furrow up the centre, 'he whole presenting a remarkable appearance from where we stood. Snatches of song and music enlivened the way, bit often silence was the tribute to the glorious scenery which burst np .n ns eveiy hill we climbed. We lunched at the Snowy Plains camping ground, at one of the river fordings, and rested for an hour or two, haviiîg the hardest part of die journey before ns. After a few miles further we left, the Wellington3nd went north-east through a long, narrow, wooded valley, between steep hills. This we continued for several miles, sometimes crossing little stony creeks. The grass tree grows here in profusion, most of the other vegetation grows in lower Gippslaud, more or less prolrfically We now came to the 'hill of difficulty,' as someone named It on the spot, though it is called five-mile hill. I am incline^ N- tothink that the name does not do justice to the climb ; Mr Holmes afterwaids|»lajine it iç s|i|en îinileSj I and I can well jbcjiêvw iitj .flfe'lyi^ •fiittsglit it a&wien; inilcs, judging by the wâytïipy pointed when at last the •top was reached. THE GAP.' ' '' Frequent pauses-were made for rest and observation, no hills were too steep to climb for such glorious views as we obtained from various points. After the first steep pull we stopped at tiie (rap, and many-dismounted to rest the horses. From this standpoint we could sec hill after hill, some rocky, s «me covered with trees stretching awav in rugged grandeur, those in the distance dwindling jinto blue peaks, aud .melting away into the pale sky. Beneath us was a steep rocky cliff, down which, a false step might have sent <>ne hundreds of yards. As care w.-isi taken, and frequent warnings given, no such accident happened. Some large rocks were diseihbédded from the top of the hill sent thundering down, crashing and tearing their way to the bottom. This place must be, pimply -grand when the snow is over the mountains, but— When the quick snow decends upon these hill*, • No eye is there to see it come or go. In many parts the trees obstructed the view while climbing this hill, and in the case .of the ladiestbe veils which scarcely protected their faces from the too amorous sun, yet helped to shroud the scene ; often—sometimes while passing through prickly scrub—the cry would come " Lift your veils," and the request was always obeyed, even at the risk of a scratched face, for that risk was always worth runnibg. 8NOWY PLAINS. There was a gentle descent of the hill through tall thin gum trees—a forest primeval. This for a mile or two through which we noticed that the summer browned vegetation of the accent was changed for brown, and crimson autumnal-like leaves and flowers. This did not extend far. Suddenly the country changed again, and we were on the borders of the Snowy Plains, they stretched before and beside us as far as we could see. The warm air of the mountains was left behind, and a keen chill wind met us, decidedly pleasant after the heat. The horses found new vigor, and set off voluntarily on a brisk canter, which we kept up for several miles, passing at intervals over craggy patches of grounl. The whole plain was covered with white and yellow everlastings, blue-bells, aud many other flowers, some indigenous to cold climates. A party of seven gentlemen who had ridden from Warrangatta came to meet us three miles over the plains, and t<> escort us to the camping ground. With the forty two of our own party, the addition of those front Warrangatta j brought our total up to fifty four. An- J other cam or, aud the tents'came to view with several people round a large fire, • •ver which hung the inevitable buckets of water heating for tea. It was a glad sight t>> see the tents pitched ready for us, and everything under weigh for our c unfort. Loud cheers were given when the two parties met, and the Misses Bryce, from Warrangatla, came foiward | to meet more of their sex than they bad ever seen in ' that district befur*. THE CAMP. Greetings being exchanged, the ladies j retired to their tents for a little needful I rest. The packhorses having arrived with the apparel of the party, we were able ! shortly tc make an agreeable change in our toilet, and appear at the table refreshed by outward application, and ready for the minor comforts. A long table of slabs with seats of wood extending its who'e length, had been erected for our convenience, and proved then and after much nicer for our accomodation than sitting on the grass to our meals would have done, tired with being in the saddle as we often were. The tents for the ladies were five in number, and pitched in a line near the fire and table. The gentlemen's were farther back, in amongst the saplings and myrtle bushes, which formed our background. A better place could not have been choseu, for the shelter from the cold air of the plains and its proximity to the Caledonian creek, which bubbled and gushed abou": two hundred yards down the gentle slope our camp faced. The water was intensely coid, clear, and refreshing; and made the best tea imaginable. The success of the tea r making must not be gïren entirely to the water alone, but to the gentleman—Mr Shaw —who installed iiimself maker of that indispensible beverage during our stay on the plains and after. This first night on the plains most of the party retired early, being well ready for their couches of grass aud rugs j Several gentlemen who hail remained behind fishing at the last crossing of the Wellington, arrived in the camp at midnight, having had good sport, but rather an eventful journey. The night was dark, and the road in many places hard to follow, often overhung with bushes, which were hard enough, we found, to avoid in daylight EAELV MOEN. Early in the morning we heard our indefatigable hosts cleaning the fish for breakfast, and joking about the adventures of the night before. One of the belated fisherman had been caught in several bushes from time to time, much to the injury «if iiis features. It was gravely suggested that a basket l>e taken along the course of their midnight inarch for the sake of collecting "the fragments left behind. S0011 t« our tent doors came dishes for ablutionary purposes, and the question " hot or cold water," from the richness o? choice offered, did not seem nuich like roughing it mi snowy plains. Early cups of <ea ««-ere a 1st forthcoming for those who wished it, and were welcome, the tnorning air 1 icing keen and crisp. Indeed, the plain, though showing Spring in grass, and flowers, was winter like in atmosphere However, being well provided witH rugs and coverings; we could keep the cold at bay. Emerging from the teats pretty early we looked east and r saw " Far folding mists, aiid gîèaming halls of dawn." The gliosts ot night fogs chasing each other far off the plain. Turning from these wraitihes to something more substantial we were soon discussing a good hot breakfast. About - ten o'clockthehorses beingsaddledb, most «f the partv went off for a siiort ride to Mr Renurd's, a distance of eight miles. leaving , some who elected to rest, «0 keep camp. Prom Mr Renurd's Tyson s plains and Heyfield were plainly visible. The return was made via Mts. Lookout and Carey,-—after Captain Carey once P. Magistrate of Sale. The camp was reached early, and tea over, foot- racing was indulged in, and other recreations. \- W COLD fWJ5ATHER. ^ W , l^venlng^ fagainî caning dgwn/çJwf, sleet" drifting across the distant gorges, but it passed oyer the camp. Mr Hdlmës, the proprietor ot the run, told us that tlie- rain or, pnow in these plaças is ; very pafchyv and erratic, sometimes snôw or rain in one.locality, and fjiii weather a few- miles away; The ji'ainJ under the lash of 1 winter's whip are uninhabitable, everyone leaving by May and the cattle also being driven off, there being, no grass in the cold season. Mr D. Boy ce says he has driven packhorses orer Benison's plain when the snow was up to his saddle flaps. One< thing: was the bleached a jipearance of the front fi'iic * ofthe run, which looks whitewashed by the touch of the snow. The back ôf the run ia enclosed by a natural fence in parts of steep hills, and rocks. We were able to dispense with hobbles for the horse.-, Mr Holmes kindly allowing them in his .paddock, he accomodated ninety-one in all. Rouud the camp fire was not the least enjoyable. JOLLITY. On the 2nd evening of our c?mp the gentlemen got up au impromptu court trial, which was exceedingly good. Two prisoners were, charged with s teajing a 'rug thé previous night from the tent of the prosecutor. Judgej jury, j witnesses, counsel and all did their parts' well, and the whole farce caused much merriment, especially as the evidence elicited the fact that the prosecutor bore a shady character in tlu matter of rag stealing fr.»m the tents. Song and recitation finished up this third evening remote from civilization. A little anxiety was caused by the presence of a.very heavjr fog, so dense and dripping was it that many ignorant of these alpine mists thought it was rain, and were in lively apprehension of being flooded in by reason of the rivers rising. The fog continued to hang over the plain and drip, drip on the tents all night, but those who out of their knowledge prophesied fine weather for next day, were right, for again the ghosts of the night fled with the dawn. The sun breaking through mist over mountains and plain, made a magnificent sight. m'dunnell's falls. This day, most of the party rode to M'Donnell's falls, a distance »f about ten miles. The road for the first part was even, but afterwards a good deal of climbing had to be done. Lunch was partaken of at Bryce's half-way hut— the halting place from their ruu to the plains—here many initirls were added to those which already hieroglyphed the walls of the hut. Here also wer; inscribed some verses by Miss Bryce, which may yet be in print. Altogether this hut was an object of interest as well a good resting place. Nearer to nature's heart the party s'illwent. They got to the top of the hill ab«ve the falls, where a fine view of the falls and surroundings was obtained. The height of the falls is estimated to be nearly 300ft. The water is not all in one volume, but breaks over rocky ledges irregularly into spray, which splashes far around, perpetually watering the layers of moss and ferns, which make up a beautiful scene. Lower down the whole volume breaks on a granite table-like lelge, from thence it falls into a great gulf, and is lost in darkness until it emerges lower down to a leveller course. To get a view of the fall from the foot, one had to cross the creek above it, descend the h'H to the side, tour round an inaccessible cliff that semicircles the falls themselves, before the goal is gained Returning, a dense fog enveloped the party, so that n it even when keeping together in single file could one rider see more than diuily the form of the one preceding him. At the bottom of the gorge, where the hills end and the plains begin, as suddenly as it had come up the fog was left behind, aud the clear air of the camping ground was quickly reached. Tiiis was found-to be deserted, the luckless house, or tent, keepers, having gone for an inopportune stroll to Mr Holmes' hut. some half mile distant. Hearing the%orses' hoofs, they made all haste back, having a lively recollection of the stern mountain law as exercised on the rugstealers the previous night., and expecting to be courtmartialled forthwith. However, no such summary justice awaited theiu, and the hungry equestriaus were soon at tea. Some breakwiods of tenting were erected round the fire, which made a snug retreat, albeit a trifle smoky. Again the entertainment provided extempore was judicial, this time a bieach of promise case, which though differing widely in plot and incident from the famous Bardell v. Pickwick one, was, I venture to say, quite as amusing. Songs again finished up the evening, one especially good one, sung by Mr D. Wallace, who composed it himself, was afterwards frequently MOUNT WELLINGTON. called for. The following day an early start was made for Mt. Wellington, which proved a rough but enjoyable trip. A halt was uiade for refreshments on Wellington plain, and from there the latter pairfc of the ride was a climb. îfearing the mountain, a hard gallop was indulged in by our ambitious spirits anxious to reach the top first. The latter part of the way was through scrub where no track was discernible, and where fast riding was'Jiot without danger of being pulled ont of the saddle by the branches of scrub which interlaced the path in many places. The top was reached in safety and the stone cairn climbed, from which an unrivalled view was obtained .- Besides the tiers of mountains, near and d : stant, many townships and plains were clearly seen, amongst the former Sale and the lakes, Maffra, Briagolong, and Heyfip-Id. also Heyfield and Deuison plains. Many names were inscribed besides those already written, and com plimentary speeches were made by various gentlemen, thanking the organizors for this crowning pleasure of their beautiful trip. A vote of thanks was also passed to the ladies 1 for their bravery in coming so far, and through so many difficulties. Let me say here that had it not been for the care, and consideration of the Messrs Macfarlane and Riggaii, the journey would never have been accomplished^ either to the plains or this higher point: Their guidance, care, and forethought never rabated, and thus otherwise trying, and dangerous points were reached, and passed in safety. Th ; s was the last day in camp, and the evening sped away quickly in jest and song. Speeches referring to our approaching leâvetaking of Mr Holmes, who had shown so much kindness, were made at its close, and cheers/wyif given fbrtlris geatteinau |nd Mr rlirmb After ^Miiing aiucds in ji "jAuld Jiang jSyne.'; aiid^" God save tiie ^fteefi.'f everyone retired to rest, and onr'scqnrtrii 'on the plains might then be said to.beoverjthe remainder of thé time was to be devoted to sleep aud the bustle of departure. THE RETURN. . * ' The day for our return to Glenfallocli was beautifully fine and cool, and eveiyone Working with a will at packing, saddling, and taking up the tents, a good early start was made. We liad folded our tents like the Arabs, but did not so silently steal away. On the contrary, Mie cheers and trumpetings from a bo it le bugle one of ; the -party carried were deafening. Mr Holmes aud Mr Bryce and party accompanied'us across thé plains some distance, before turning to pursue their own homeward journey, which in Mr Bryce's case would be about 23 miles from where he left us. While crossing the plain, Mr Holmes showed us an old bucket, which he said marked the spot where M'Millan's party camped in 1864. This old relic made -some .«if us quite sentimental, and when some one suggested tc kick it, no boot had the sole to do it. There was another leavefaking when the Bryce party left us ; Miss Riggall accompanying them for a visit. The farewells having to be gone through on horseback occupied some time. Finally the party turned back with many expressions of good feeling on both sides. Then, till the distance hid them, many looked back and waved—like Lot's wife we looked back, but no pillars of salt remained. Once more we passed through the forest primeval, down the big hill (wh ch did not seem s > long this time), and so along the same route, liver, and hill, lunching and resting in the same places as in coming. AT. GLENFALLOCH. The horses being homeward bound, and the way downhill, we made more speed than in coming, reaching Glenfallocli with daylight to spare. The gentlemen were not long in seeking the river.^for a swim, and having b>*en directed to a safe and shallow place, the ladies also enjoyed a bathe. When Sunday came out hot, all were glad that it was to be a day in camp—or rattier in the house this time, whic:i we overflowed, and ran into two ten s pitched in the verandah. At nig''t 'lie men occupied barus and ou'i'ui. !; ngs, and left us the house entirely. On Sunday morning liev. J. B. Shame h-ld a very nice and appropriate service, fuH of the inspiration of tl e mountains. In tiie afternoon wdking parties «eut 'iit in every direction viewing the v..ried beauties of Glenfallocli. which have now so often been seen and described that I need not attempt it. One object of interest was "he " Sphinx." a peculiar rock on a hillside above the river, and said to resemble the Egyptian Sphinx. Never having seen tin latt-r, 1 c-nnot say. but ihe spirit of the spot, is in keeping with mystery. Nurnen u- ducks were 011 the river near it, ca 01 till we approached ; then flying, scarcely g ving us time to notice their shapely f -rins. and the unbroken shadow in the pellucid waters. Swans on i-till St M iry's lake Floating double, sw.m and shadow. THE LAST STAGE. We had a sacœ l concert in the evening, and made much music for the hills, whose echoes do no' often respond to such a choii. Mon lay morning saw us on the last stage of our journey, and the evening saw its close f .r many of us, though some fzotu Maffra hud still a stage further to go. Nearing Mr Riggalls. those in advance waited for the rear guard to come up with tliem. When the whole party, with the packhorses and their b.-Us not far behind, cantered up to . he em ranee gate, arrived at the door, and gree e l by those of the family who had remained at home, still seated on our horses, several speeches were made thanking the promoters of the expedition for our pleasure. Mr W. Riggall responded <»n oelialf of himself and brothers. Mr J. Macfarlane had ridden ahead earlier in the afternoon to make hasty arrangements for the use of the Mechanics' for a ball in the eveuing. THE WISD-UP. The airangemenis having been satisfactorily completed on our arrival, we had çnly time to g j t off the dust of travel and change our habiliments for the party. The new lamps had just arrived that day for the hall, which was fortunate. The midnight oil burnt well, and no spectator would have thought the dancers had just come off mountain travel, so lightly and with apparent freshness did they trip the light fantastic. Supper was laid iu Mr J. Ryan's bouse close by, and the good things provided showeJ us ourniouutain appetites were not fleeting things. The early hours of the morning broke up song and dance, and left the riding party to the Snowy Plains, from start to finish a near and dear memory. And when tbey next do ride abroad, May I be.there to.-see. ^ 