G REE T IKGJ Christmas, the season of festivals, has again come round. It is the time when all Christendom celebrates the birth .-of its founder. It is the month when the gladia torial games.of the Romans were celebrated. -The Christian festival implies' hew hopes and new duties ; to us as Christians belongs a more matured civilization, a higher stan- s9ra4rvr WTA 1«J A.1. _ wwuva uuy WJilVor.XiUpw and our aspirations should be nobler than, those of the men of the earlier world. It becomes us, therefore, even in the lhidat of our tighter thoughts and our gayer scenes to consider how far, as a community, we are giving effect to those principles which so many profess to revere. Many of us could tell of wasted time; of angry passions, of ends too often violent and unjust. While the very words of promised peace and good will among men are ringing in our ears we -should be careful not to desecrate the sacred \- season by selfish schemes, and sordid quar- rels: - Bitter feuds which may have marked the past .of ' some of as and - a narrow self regard have nothing in common with that all embracing tenderness and love of bur common elder brother mad noblest of ' exemplars; We are, nearly ail. of" ns, too ready to sanction things in public affairs from which, in private life, oar consciences would revolt. Nor is it likely that we «hll improve Until we endeavour to bring home to our minds the responsibility of our posi tion, and until we learn not 'only mere ly by rote the golden rule but apply it more generally both in public and private I life. The year that is just passing away has been one of vital importance to the i whole civilized world; and not only to Western Australia as. a colony, but to our district in particular. Every country in the world has felt more or less a rude shock arising from the conflicts oe- tween Labor and Capital, conflicts which, terrible as they have already been, are likely to be attended with- still more serious results unless both sides realize in time that anarchy can only be averted by each party imbibing the essential principles taught in the system: -of ethics propounded on the sermon on the mount. The civilized world daring the past year, if we except the troubles in the South American republics, has been saved from the terrors of war. This is a great blessing for which we cannot feel too grateful. While, however, war has not desolated the homes of the people, disease has stalked through every country in the world, slaying its thousands. Even in our own colony there will be an unusually long list of i mourners at this Christmas tide, and vacant chairs will be uncommonly numerous. Many of the snryivors in homes tenanted bp "dear guests and ghosts" this morning would indeed be truly miserable were it not for all the hopes and aspirations which are inspired by the "Old, old story," the first chapter of which will be - read in every church in ' the land this morning, For Western Australia the past year : has been < a supremely important, one..: It has witnessed our . new born; ship of . state fairly launched on the waters of self-government and maimed by officers and crew who have al ready shown themselves worthy of com manding and navigating the craft. It has witnessed a large influx of population, the rapid development of some of our too long latent resources while the handful of people in the country have at length demonstra ted to the world that the colony offers a good field for bona fide in vestment of capital and for settlement. The elasticity of our revenue and "the pro- gress maae Dy tne coiony- during the past year is the more surprising, and the more to be proud of, when it is remembered that the revenue has increased abnormally and that the colony leapt forward at this great bound despite the prevalence of .one of the most severe droughts that has ever over taken us. Settlers in - this district have everywhere suffered heavy losses owing to the scarcity of feed and water, and to the consequent difficulties of. transit- Ami yet, there is a .bright side to the picture, for the past year will be mem orable in the alfcfels of Western Australia as that in which tire.Murehison Gold Field was discovered. This field, though not yet thoroughly and prmfiically tested by ma chinery has been pronounced by some of the highest mining Authorities in Aiiatraljy to be amongst the richest in the world, Already fortunes have been made there and many more are being made. Some score or more of reefing claims have been formed. ?? into companies or are in tire course ©lfor> - mation, so that in all probability before thi : time next year there witi be as manylfcat- ' % teries at work on the field, andJf ihe irag- . / looked for rain comes we do not hesitate to predict that the reefing and alluvial wortingB at the Murchison will be affording emjloy- ® ment to between 10,000 and 15,000 nen. This, will be good fortune indeed foivthe Victoria Itistrict, and' will requite our peo k pie for the unpleasant' vicissitudes "of 'lor7 tune which have been theire for so n&fiy; years Although the days pf prosperity have been a long time in coming they hire we think, at last been fairly entered upon! The golden era has been a long time pro phesied, but it dawns at last. Some of us JL have waited, patiently and - striven long in the hope of seeing our beloved WJL m a position to claim equality with her prouder " " 8isiprs of the east, and those of us whose hairs are growing silvery, And who have done our duty will scarce repine over the feet it the consummation of our wishes is not realized by ourselves, bo long as our chil- dren participate in ' the full blown prosperity. To our readers "and the public generally we heartily wish them this year "A Mebry Christmas.". " 