THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS.. ' I would give a million of dollars for a stomach,'said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all that he had for one thing that he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In, December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick, and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would swellBO as I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rustled out at my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or Bix weeks. ' I then went as an out- patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for Bix months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Derby Abbey and my former master gave me an in-door recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and two other doctors at Derby. The first one said,' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like thi* until December, 1888, when I cauhgt cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, some-times as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out in a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. • 1 managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but as so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at. play quite upset me. ' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. 'I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' About the middle of March, 18S9. a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Derby Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did gou ever try Mother Seigels SyrupV and he told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise oC this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street, After the first dose I had evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the niedicioe for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a shoit walk. By the < nd of a fortnight I went to s:e my master who a«ked what bad wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work, at once, and have never lost a day's work since. ' Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Derby Abbey, who is acquainted with all the Tacts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Derby Abbey 22 years and bears an excelleut reputation. Now what was the complaint from which lie suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is pn often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. It is stated that the marriage of the Duke of Clarence and the Princess Victoria of Teck, will take place in .February ; and also that the Prince of Wales wilt give his son an allowance of £28,000 a year! In its explanation of the Sunday-school Bible lesson on the book of Jonah, " The Baptist Teacher" took the .following extraordinary position : " If it had pleased Gro.l so to order, it would have been entirely possible even for an oyster to swallow Jonah—quite as easy as for Jonah to have swallowed an oyster." Upon which the " Congregationalist" thus comments : " If it had pleased God so to order, it would have been entirely possible for Him to have made an oyster a Sunday-school teacher ; and it would hardly have been more remarkable than that one who could write such nonsense as the comment quoted should be chosen for thatpla,ce. But the oyster, if allowed to follow his natural instincts, would have kept his mouth closed." 