The [now flbst ppbmshed.] JOHN SILENT, The COBNISHHAN; A MAN POSSESSED. by SILAS K. HOCKING, F.BH.S., Author of " Her Benny," " Seal Grit," " For Abigail," " Tregeales Head," &e.;, &c.; [An Bights Resekved ] CHAPTER I.—Suspicion. His proper name was Jolm Trevail, but the miners nicknamed. Iiim Silent, because of his taciturn ways and general indisposition to talk. He came to St. Ural from somewhere in the extreme west of the county, but the ■exact whereabouts he kept to himself. It was evident from the first that he had made up his mind to say nothing about himself or his belongings. Whether he was married or single no one could, discover. He wrote no letters and. received, none. To all appearance he was alone in the world, and his very evi dent desire was to remain alone. He brought no luggage with him save and except an ordinary miner's kit, wrapped up in a red check pocket-handkerchief. Bis boots gave one the impression that he had been on the tramp for many a day, while in his eyes there was a look which was not easy to interpret. It might be sleeplessness or it might be dread. Hie found no difficulty in getting work at St. Ural, particularly as he was not at all concerned about the kind of work or the rate of wages. In fact, if he showed any preference at all, it was for a place of danger, and night " core" seemed to suit his mood better than work in the day-time. He secured lodgings with G-racey Grig, a noted gossip, who lived just outside the village. People wondered at this, for Gracey's cottage was small and incon venient, and by no means clean, while her gossiping tongue was the terror of nearly everyone who knew her. But the silent miner asked advice from no one, and met every questioner with dogged reserve. But the more silent he was, the more people questioned him, and the more freely the gossips talked. He had not been in St. Ural a week before it was broadly hinted that lie was not quite right in his head, and by the end of a fortnight many people believed that he had escaped from Bodmin Lunatic Asylum. Yet, excepting his reserve, there was no trace of the madman about him. He was regular and metho dical in his movements, clever at his work, neat in liis attire, while even during the first week of his residence he revealed a spirit of generosity and self-sacri fice as beautiful as it was rare. So Hie lunatic theory broke down after a week or two for lack of evidence. Strange and silent the man assuredly was, but not insane. Yet this persistent reserve worried people. It did not seem natural in a young man of thirty years of age. There must be a cause for it somewhere. At the back of all this silence there was a mystery. Why would he never allude to the past, never answer when questioned respecting it P It was not like a Cornish miner to be reserved. Miners talked freely about the mines in which they had worked, and the escapes they had had. But this man would say nothing. He was not cross, he never lost his temper, but this dogged reserve was exasperating. And though after awhile the miners pretended that they did not mind; they did minfl all the while, and were much more curious and disappointed than they cared to confess. Sam Beswarrick was his first comrade at St. Ural. A coarse heavily built man was Sam, with a fondness for pipe and mug, and a very strong difililra of hanl work. There was no greater boaster in St. Ural "than Sam, and no greater coward - lake many another ignorant and blustering he was intensely superstitious, believing with all heart in ghosts, witches, tokens and charms. At first Sam was very domineering with, his silent comrade; sneered at his lack of muscle and equal lack of experience, and even threa tened him with personal violence unless he looked cheerful iand did his fall share of the work. ■ I tell thee what, John Silent/ he said one night, as they waited for a while for the powder-smoke to clear away after a blast. ' I tell thee what, thy sulkin' ways don't suit us St. Ural folks—we ain't used to it, and we don't intend to have it.* Silent was slowly trimming his candle, but when Sam had finished speaking, he raised his large dark eyes to his, and looked at him long and steadily, but he spoke no word. ' Thee needn't look at me in that way,' Sam said, uneasily, quailing before his steady gaze. Silent dropped his eyes, and began trim ming hi? candle again, as before. • Sam shifted his position a few feet further away from his strange comrade, and drew a long breath. ' Thou'rt a cheerful youth to be alone with underground,' Sam said at length. * I've liaaf a miiid to wring thy neek to see if there's any squeal in thee.5 Silent stuck his caudle on a ledge of rock, and rose slowly to his feet, then quietly folded his arms without speaking, but there was a light in his eyes Sam did not like to see. ' Come, sit thee down, I was only joking,' Sam faultered at length with a poor attempt at a laugh. ' I've no wish to harm thee.' ' Harm ?' Silent answered in a tone of ineffable scorn. And he laughed softly to himself. Sam drew further away, and sat down on a piece of rock, and in the dim candle light the two men looked at each other. The silence became oppressive after awhile to Beswarriek. They were alone in that part of the mine, a hundred fathoms underground. Not a sound could be heard of any kind. They might be locked up in a tomb, so still was it. Sam felt his flesh begin, to creep at length, and a nameless horror stole over him. Who was this silent mystery that sat over against him, toying with the clay that encased his candle P Was he a man, or was he a— Sam hardly dared to let the thought take shape. Hie felt himself grow hot all over, while the perspiration oozed from him and - stood in big drops upon his forehead. Half-forgotten stories he had listened to in liis younger days, earne back to him with all the vividness of a recent narrative. If all he had heard was true, it was no uncommon thing in his grandfather's days for the devil to take upon himself the garb of a miner, tj choose the night core in which to work, and then at pay days to get his comrade to take the largest share'of the wage; in which case the hapless miner unconsciously sold his soul to his satanic majesty, and was lost beyond all hope of redemption. Fearful stories had he listened to in his younger days of miners being thus entangled; and struggle as he would, he could not free himself from the terrible fear that this silent man was, perhaps, the devil, come to entice him to his doom. He remembered that the devil always appeased as a young man; good-looking if swartli, and with a greater disposition to work than to talk. The description answered accurately. Fever did he know a miner work more industriously than fhis John Silent, never was a man more eager to begin, more reluctant to leave off. Surely, surely, it most be he. And Sam wiped hie brow with his grimy hand, and felt ready to sink into the ground. The. next moment Silent rose quickly, and strode up the tunneL 1 You'd better be careful,' Sam called after him. * The smoke ain't had lame to clear yet.' But the man made no answer. •' The devil,1' muttered Sam, with chattering teeth. * The smoke don't mwlm any difference to him, nor brimstone either/ Sam was alone now. ffi> comrade had turned a corner, and was out of sight. And for several minutes he sat debating with him self what he should do. To follow his com panion was what he had not courage' to attempt, and yet to go to the surface aiid confess that he was afraid, was, he knew, to cover himself with ridicule. Still of the two evils that was least. Hie might by the tame he met the captain and the other miners be able to invent some reasonable story. At any rate he resolved at length to risk it. So rising quickly to Ms feet, he east a swift glance round him, then fled in the direction of the shaft. He thought he heard footsteps following him several times, and his heart nearly stopped. But with a desperate effort he struggled on. If once he could get his hand on the ladder, he thought, he would be safe. Hie had climbed those ladders many times and oft, but never with such speed as now. He felt as though all the imps of darkness were at his heels. The perspiration literally streamed from him, but he never slackened his pace for a moment. Up, up, ever up, till at length he felt the sweetness of the night air playing round him, and a few minutes later, he stood upon the surface. Above him the stars shone brightly, and around him. the night wind sighed and moaned. But all his fears were gone now. Sam lifted his face to the sky, and drew a long breath, then strode rapidly away in the direction of his home. 