Athletic Doings. By "Andbo." HOME, HOBSTOT HOME. GLOBE-TROTTER HARRIS RETURNS TO AUSTRALIA. SENSATIONAL EXPERIENCES IN AMERICA. WHAT BECAME OF JIM HALL Who is Now With Parson Davies.' The Latest about Slavin, Sulli van. and Jackson. Corbett, Kilrain, Godfrey, Abe Willis, and Maber. Slavin Can Walk Through America. Sullivan Hands Him the Championship. God J . Can Beat Either j.- -i. .i or Corbett. y\ ; norning there walked into i- office a veritable globe- . . - . . v. of Sir. Joe Harris, who . .btniiia irom 'Fris:o byhe i .... a other day that wevwero tarns alter his nrst trip to ... , > returns after a six months _ rhat time he has travelled. Tv ' i Thousand Miles, ' rodr.eo 5Ir. Harris to our rff. . . w him to speak in the i ed manner, v rain. Joe. Howarpyon? " . .-well now ; but just before . . d an attack of La Grippe, \- two week to Salt Lake ings. I had good luck to . ; fcr they were eying in : . L , » of a thousand a week. ; ttll us your experiences f course, you know I went . i . ead cf Jim Hall. I had a i — to take Hall through it,!.. :. h Joe Thompson ... . , ith a new race viack. 'V.- . the latter, everything t: . f drawn oat, a map Ili - Gcourse, and everything o a successful issne. But ' .to pay his deposit on the j ' . -bve. was to ( ; t £25.000, ri -V irice directly thoy found Lrt The consequence was tia. o; acme uplike a balloon, and V-'l: 1 ' ; -d with the way he was i;-.,. ae left and went to ATw V ; Loudon for his wife and f,. . illy Bettled down in Kew sis all cash. No betting Up to the time I left he u've heard that he and I . .r. . r City. It was for iheEe i : : to Drinking :ing care of himself. We > > i " c e for Chicago, where I j as a side bet for a match ! < f . . . zsimmons. Iliad also to p . , which I had placed at j .!_<. roNirle cfSce. All this I -.v. . . come off in the Astoria .i - . id, which had guaranteed l . -.7V ' .. .e Ever Offered, v v I " e went to Chicago liecause 1 ' - . in't put his money up in our way to Chicago Hall liad three engagements to ppar at different theatres. While we were in Ogdet; I found out the underhand work Jim was doing with Sfuldoon and Parson Davies. As his business manager, I opened one of his telegrams, and found out he was negotiating without my knowledge with Muldoou. .And right here is where the row first started. I told him it was very funny that, after what I liad done for him. ho thould try to jump me. I said to him, '' Is your head beginning to swell alreadyr' He was dumbfounded when he know I had sprung the plant, and didn't know what to say. 1 wen; on. " Our business stops Right Here and Now. You have done a very foolish thing for your self and a crooked thing to me. After me booming you up ?n the papers in the way I did, if you could treat me badly the best thing we can do is to part at once. 1 should have no confidence in putting money on you. I'm telegraphing to Chicago to withdraw my money." And I did. His only reply was. "That won't do me any harm. I'll get the purse just the same." But he found hi? mis- uke. As soon as the Astoria Club found Moil Vftj r-rJ -. 'liable to me, they at fer. Here is aluuch of ; at 1 say. ,.rr " duced a number of tho "Messages, ajl pertinent to Ihe following is tho " ' . jheludes : — "Astoria, Harris. careMosoGunEt, \- ritb Hall close? unless »ra>t 'President Astoria s to hand also contain corroborative reports. What became of Hall, then ? He left and went to Denver. Thence to Chicago, where he was taken in hand by Parson Davies. But what about Muldoos r Muldoon had a match made for Hall to fight Jack Afhton for £600. Everything was arranged, and Hall had agreed. But, for all that, he broke faith with Muldoon just as he did with me. Nor did ho give any reason. Vfhat about Hall and Fitzsimmons r There was a match partlymadc when I left, but there was no money up. They were to box At St. Paul for £2000. Hall to fight at list 81b, which he will never be able lo do. When hofirfitarrivediu 'Frisco he weighed list djl). I took him out to the Seal liock House to train. Muldoon was training Kilrain. and Jim Hal and Kool>cr, tnc wrestler, helped, nail, who tooka liking to Kilrain. worked very hard, walking as nuchas from 20 to 25miles a day In addi tion. ho boxed ten rounds every day with Kilrain, punched the bag, and used the dumb- be)!:-. And with all Unit hard work, instead of reducing himself jie pained flesh. We wfciglicd him after he came out of the ULinraum Baths, and he Scaled Just 12st. For iny part. I don't think he will ever be bie to fight at 3 501 b. and fight strong. L'ji to three wckff hefore I left. Hall wis treated like a gentleman ami thought as muck of a-- any man who left Ausiralia. Ho was etc n invit-.d to supper by Attorney-General Bu-dcf. At the California Club ha was a w. loo no purer,. But whr-n lie commenced c; ;\::i:.g aid n-i?h( i Lp by breaking faith w:;h the ni.octors as.sured me they Would Never Give Him a Fight i» cNh | : h" Mire to uiike plenty of money. | Now t. II us ai,-cu: ?oh"j of the other Acs- I AV doing the best cf them. He J £1000 and the World's Ban- | t am Championship. j DIXON. Abe has good friends and plenty of money behind lum. The best trainers to "be had, including Mike Qailligan and Martin Murphy (Costello's friend , . have been engaged. Wilii6 had a go with Mahony, tho Champion 1 Bantam of the Pacific Coast, and who stands, two inches taller than Willis. In addition he has a tremendously long reach. But Abe discounted all this. He knocked Mahony down four times in the second round, and had him counted out to 8. In the same round he had Mahony blinded. I never saw such a face in my life on a bantam after a dozen rounds, let alone two. At the finish of the second round Willis hurt his left hand. Still, he could have finished Mahony any part of tho eight rounds, but I wouldn't let him take any risk. The first time, too, that Abe was "tried out" he stopped Eddie Creany. the man who Got the Verdict Against Billy Murphy. DUNCAN HARRISON. Duncan Harrison said he never saw such a performance in his life as that with Mahony, and that Willis was snre to beat Dixou. I hope he will, for I should like the boy to get some money. All tlioEe in the club said that Abo could hit as hard as any light-weight. Willis is training at Farley's Hotel on the beach. ABE WILLIS. What about Maber r Maber has been very sick ever since he landed in 'Frisco, the effectsof a heavy cold. Owing to this his match with Andy Bowen at New Orleans for XtiUO had to be declared off. This was bad luck for Maber, as Bowen only stands 5ft 4in, and it was reckoned a walk over for SlaLcr. Tho Inttor is now matched to box Maaon, who beat Kellehcr, and who is a big, strapping follow, at the California Athletic Club next month for j£200. When Jack Dempsey saw Maber he foil back in his chair and laughed. "Whew:" said Jack, " lie's two inches tailor than 1 am, and I'm a middle-weight. > If that the Fort of uigia-qigiiL i uey oruw in Australia ? Why. Jack M'Auliffo, who is Champion Light-weight of America, couldn't reach him if over they fought. There's Abe Willis, too, who is nearly as big a? M'Auliffo." How was Denipsey feoiinp ? He took his defeat by Fitzsimmons very much ta heart. He &aid; lie nver could reach Fitx. He had never soon Hall perform, so couldn't gauge hie chancv. But ho promised to give Hall some point?. Ho doopn't think Fitz the gamcet man in The world, and ho would like <o 6CG a big man liko Hall pitted against him. Jack says that tho only blow he hit Fitz, that on the jaw— and even that ' wasn 't a very hard one— Fitz Went Ghost-White. Hall and myself owe Demp'oy thanka for ; tho lavish hospitality ho showed uu at his | homtiy Portland. Ho had a carriage waiting | for utci the station, and took us nil over the i plac<'. I What fights v.-r-v" v.-.r nt 1 The fir wa- the L. Bl inds and Mitri.oll. No : I have no doubt that wa--. a f,;ko. I had £100 OTJ Mitch.!!, and had to turn it u-\ a n'ii Lets won- ib-.-'ar.'d off. I went to"?-.' Mirch&il; training, nud ku tvr.« work in- v.vv ' hard. La Dan, the L\\-ir.:ra: \ , fiv-w.'.-ks hefn:-- w.v: walking about, weighing t 7ik ! and had to light a: list. Y.-: (li.ugkingi 1 ! saw the knock-out bluw— anl a very jaartKlic performance La Blanche's was. He will never be allowed to box in any club >n America again. Tiat about Mitchell ? He's doing very well in his saloon. Ho takes care of himBelf , and is thought a great deal of. He is president of the Golden Gate Club. He sent his respects to all Australians, and parti6dlarly to Martin Costello. What was the next fight r That betwoon Kilrain and Godfrey. I stopped down at the Seal Bock with Kilrain, | and watched all his performances. I was so satisfied that I hacked him for a big stake iTivRplf. and rinfc nil bo much for other neOTllo that the betting came to 100 to 60 on hirn at the finish. Talk about training ! Inorer saw anything like it ! Why, they take three months for it there. Kilrain was never ont of tho gymnasium except when he was walk ing over the sand hill?. Then he'd come back and box ten rounds with liall with 5oz gloves. He taught Hall more in three weeks than ever he leajnt in his life. For iust&nce;, Kilrain has a clever shoulder trick and a clinch. There is no absolute break-away there. The -referee ordbrs them away, and as they pull their hands from each other they're allowed To Strike at Once. Kilrain knocked Godfrey out with his shoulder, and not with his fist at all. Ho punched Godfrey a thousand timP6 _ in the face with left and right, closing both eyes and raising great lumps on his forehead and ribs. At the finish Kil rain had no power to knock tho darkey out, and half a dozen times the latter lay grinning on the ropes. At last Godfrey, obeying Peter Jackson's instructions, tried rushing Kilrain as his ouly chance. It was then that Kilrain gave him his shoulder and knocked him through the ropes. Godfrey lay thero unable to get up, and was counted out. The sj)ecla- tors eaid that Godfrey was the Gamest Man in the World, and bo was presented with a private purse by Major M'Laughlin. When they got to their rooms Godfrey said, " It s only business. One must win. Jake. But you made a boast that vou would knock mo out in three rounds, and it took you forty three to beat tho old m\Vhat is your opinion of Kilrain as a fighter ? . That he is one of the cleverest big men I have seen. Godfrey didn't hit him one dangerous one. Hn is quick on his feet, has a good left hand, but has no power in it. "What about his chance with Siavin ; Slavin has undertaken to beat Kilrain in trn rounds in Jersey Ciry, on the liitii cf nrt month. i should feel inclined to bet that Slavin will Knock Him Out in Four. Slavin can take comfortably all Kilrain can give hiin. Why. I should back Godd&rd; to beathim. 1 question, bo vever, whether Slavin and Kilraiu will ever meet. .Alter his fight with Godfrey. Joke told me he would never enter the ring again. 1 advised him lo tackle anybody but Slavin. What about Slavic's chauces in America r He has the brightest prospects of any pugilist who over entered the State?. The people are awfully pleased whii the munly way in which he went i) Sullivan. Slavin face to face challenged him. Sullivan said. "You arc tho only man in tho world who ever cAme direct to and challenged inc." He shook hand? with Slavin, and added, " J have retired from the ring, and I hand over to The Championship of the Woi-ld." | rhev adjourned and had a few bottle? of wine, I over which they F\vore eternal friendship Sullivan asked a lot of question? about Aus- i tralia, where ho will arrive in about two j months. I don't wonder at his retiriDg from the ring when he can make | £300 a Week as an Acton. l Mr. Dancan Harrison. Sullivan's manager asked me to hand over these authorti portraits. They are signed direct to £ol b. Sullivan himself. JOHN L. SULLIVAN, Who Comes to the Opera House. John L. Sullivan nVho come? to the Opera Houfp). What About Jackson and Corbett ? I went to sec Jackson training at Joe Dievos'. That was about five weeks before thoy fought. He was then suffering from a sprained ankle caused by being thrown out of a buggy, an hour after he loft me the Fame day. We had been having a bit of a jollification at Jackson's saloon. Five weeks! Why, what training could he have had then ? Precious little. He didn't have mu-h walking exercise. All ho cid was to ranch the bap. I advised him strongly to postpone the match for four week, as he could never get fit in five weeks, in the condition he wa in. He said, "No: Ccrb-tt hir- come out in the prpers with the sntcmem that I want a po«t- IKinemer.l L-..au«e I'm afraid tom'e? him. I'll go into tlx- ring fit or si«, ii-, and if I kitro to nil i>iv- j'-g. ' Jirfi ipi I Snft I advised ail my friend-, m»? to Let on !:im, a- lie could never g.-:t fit. About O-rl'ihU ; Corbett i< ;i b-uwr end a bracgart. Fancy li s vailing a jumi , Slavin n nr. Ho told tho iL-r?ci.:i;iy li.u :?.avi.n vra? afraid to meat him. a id knd rt'us'd tu fight him in the . California rlub. I as'-ureu J,;aj fie nn"dn't be at all aLnid; that 8ivin vrooid fight him, and that if over lie did he would ahow him whelhor He was a Cur or Not. Everyone knows that Corbett is no fighter ; that he is only what they term a parlor boxer. What show will Goddard have with Jackson and Corbett? Ho'll beat either of them. Jackaon has met all hi? onetgy alifi elasticity, and Corbett I- don't think much of. No; I don't tMnk Jackson will come "out to meet Goddard in Svancv for that £1000. Neither will Joe. M'Aul'iffc, as he has retired from the ring, after proving himself what the papers called A Rank Duffep. Goddard is thought a good deal of in 'Frisco, especially since be beat Choynski, and if ho went there bis prospects would be good. : They thought Choynski a certainty, and the betting was 2 to I on him. They laid me, in deed, J2250 to £110, and there was plenty more at that price. Joe Thompson won a fair stake, backing the Australian. I expected Goddard over on the same boat as Jim Hall, and went down to meet him. In addition, I had a challenge out for Goddard to meet the Winner of the Kilrain-Godfrey Fight. After his defeat by Goddard Choynski'e friends wrote to him to come home at once. His reply was that he would not leave Aus tralia till ho had met Goddard a gain. "VVho'did you meet in 'Frisco ? 1 met Messrs. W. O'Shanassy and Cowell at the California Club the night Willis and Mahony fought. The eime night a big Swede knocked out Cunningham, the New Zealand boxer, in the easiest and most comical style. Messrs. O'Shanassy and Cowell were made ' hoa. members of the club, the arrangements of which pleaWthem immensely. They were still staying at the Grand Hotel when I left. Other Australians and men you know aTe W. Nanghton, sporting editor of the Even nig Po?'. and the principal sporting writer in California ; Tom Mackay, the Australians' friend and guide over the Burlington route, and a man 'with whom everyone should be acquaintcd'i 1 wnut yoa to say that I was treated, as all Australian sVor?nC men aTC, in America Like a Prince. I was presented with this (producing a valu able and artistic pocket- knife, the sides of which arc of golden quartz, with a little glass casket let in containing samples of copper, silver, and other minerals, and the springs, etc., of solid gold), a cirar-cutter of novel do- elrr,- a Tfirintv nt.hi- K<-invnm-« The?# came from my kind friend, Mose Gunst, and others. He also sent 6am Allon a similar knife. I am instructed, by-thc-bye. to negotiate for a boxing- instructor for the Olympic Club. Corbett onceheld the position. It is worth £40a month. Just here Fetor Newton came into tho office. accompanied by Jack Fuller. Peter was asked whether he would take the position, and promised to give his answer in a day or two. Before the interview closed, Mr. Harris paid The sroktsjiak a great compliment. He bore requests to us from all the American club? h'e visited to send our paper to them. The SroF.tfrman was, he said, looked upon as the Best Sporting Paper in Aus- In 'Frisco especially it was looked forward to by every mail with great interest. As far up as Victoria, in Canada, Mr. Harris foand copies. Ho lias come back full of kindly interest in everything American. He intends to resume his oM business, with a view to another globe trot in ihe future. Artists Who are Coming. Billy Emmett is a greater favorite than over is America. He is a strict teetotaller, and was, 1 board, doing well. He is to ccmo u Auslralij. next year. Others who are coming are — Cleveland with a splendid minstrtl company, and Roland Rtid. who has piece? as the Woman Hf.cr" and " Lnd mo Your Wife," Tho visit of 8ara Bernhardt will turn the attention of all the artists to Australia. 