DEAN O'DONOVAN AND SIR JOHN ROBERTSON. AN ELOQUENT TRIBUTE. The Very, Rev. Dean O'Donovan moved the first resolution at the meeting held ia the Mudgee Town Hall in connection with the national memo rial to the late Sir John Robertson. The meeting was representative of all classes and creeds. Dean O' Donovan said :— It is a matter for con gratulation to find that of all the country towna in New South Wales, Mudgee is first in tho field to do honour to the memory of a ltirge-heaited ana patriotic man — state? m in, democrat, and \ fearlcs3 champion of the rights of his'fe. low-umn. ; Personally I have had for many years the us* l teemed privilege of his friendship and hospitality, i and rarely if ever did I meet a more fianic, gtnei- ou3, and genial soul than the late Sir John j Robertson. It may be truly said that bis name is embalmed in tho memuries of the people of thia colony, and, in addition, being in an especial way favoured with a singular and happy attractive ness of manner, made him a still more universul favourite with tbe masses of the people wberavpr he went. In losing him, who had on every occa sion, when an opportunity arose, the welfare of the district at large, we lose the last of a brave and noble baud, to whom this sunny Jand of ours owts whatever political and social freedom it can boast of in these our times. He was a man who never trimmed hia sails to catch the current breeza, be.ieving there wag a sufficient recom pense in the very consciousness o£ noble deeds— who never sought popular applause or esteem, yet always obtained it — who placed no part of his happiness in ostentation, but in the secret appro bation of his conscience, seeking the retvard of his noble deeds, not in the clamorous applauses of the populace, but in the silent satisfaction which re suits from having acted honourably and well— who scorned with a spirit of great abhorrence all manner of bigotry and narrow-minded sectarian ism, and shrunk away with fear (as from a spectre or a ghost) from those who, wanting in ability, prestige, and manly independence themeelves, sought to win legislative honours by traducing the religious convictions of their neighbours ; and still he was the friend of every sectioo of the corn* munity. Sir John's Alter Ego in this respect waa a tius born geniua — a man of renown, Echolar, statesman, orator, and wit, tbe Hen. William Bede Dalley, the life-long friend of him whose memory we des.re to hand down to the lemotest posterity —a circumstance which now, indeed, that both have passed away, is perhaps better known ; and it it ba at all permissible to aiveit to it at such a representative meeting as this I trust it may serve as a very beautiful and edifying example ia teach ing every rising generation of politicians while subiertdn^ the interests of the State, meanwhile to maintain intact that lasting and cordial friend* ship which i3 only severed by the iron grasp o£ death. Sir John wa3 a Liberal in every eense ot the word, and if we are assembled here to-night for any one purpose more than smother it is to openly avo?^ it; it is to acknowledge him as a public benefactor — the advocate or1 the God-given lights of men; it is to awaken in the hearts oi the people of this Southern land a respon.-ive eoho to the demand made upon them to astist in raising a befitting monument to him who gave them smiling hearths and happy home3, and no morj suitable inscription can be put upon it in golden letters than tnat 'He gave the Jaada to the people.' I 