The. Mlan With a: Box, Ib J gwas t g ma yitg reoi[ r the he th?snandth time-id Docitor c 'lomerask t!1 bimeell this questienn; fer, the thousandth drum, till it seemed like a spectre haunting r him continually. Sleeping or wiLkinb. no tl apparition was ever by hie eide,,demanding an now .mournfully, now sternly, "-Who am UP I b" And this apparition was the man with the box. ar If the man was a mystery, the box was th none the less one. From long gazing at it, at the doctor had come to regard it as a kind ax of hideous, all.-knowing demon, which might open its lips and tell all, but could not be ,a made to. yt But this was only fanny, for the box, as n it stood on the doctor's table, was an ordin-. ary little casket of mahogany, with some w signs of an Eastern origin, perhaps, in its ft curious carving, but to a casual glance a mere commonplace wooden box with a lock W and key. " Yet a glance at this box was enough to bring to Doctor Collamoro's mind thoughts al of all that was dark, mysterious and un. re canny. h The doctor sits before it now, gazing over I it at the lurid sunset gradually dying into grey. Heholds the key of the casket in his 0 fingers, as ho has so many times before in tl the last five years, but he does not open the 01 box; he never has opened it. He is listen- A ing to a young girl, who leans her pale, b lovely face against his shoulder as she ih speaks to him in a low voice. i "It is a strange, dark box, Uncle to Frederick standing there so grim and black d between us and the bright sky." b The doctor starts. "Areyou thinking of the box, Adrienne?" "1 think of it ellen. I. remember the a night, five years ago, when it came to the e house. I remember that when I saw it b first, standing on your table, my heart sank, t I know not why, with a presentiment of ti impending misfortune. The next night," and her voice sank to a whisper, " I heard ° that Malcolm had disappeared-that he had 0 been robbed--mrdered." "Malcolm Do you still think of himt" " " Could I forget " d "But Arthur Weston b "Ah, Arthur Weston I My dear uncle- my dear guardian-I must tell you. Arthur 1 Weston has asked me to become his wife. To-night he is to have my answer." - "And it will be ?" " The box says no." "Must you obey the box ?" "It not only commands me-it impels me. Ever since it has been here it seems to say to me: ' Adrienne, I hold within me the secrets of your future life; I am your destiny, and I am here to watch over you and guard you from evils you know not of, and dangers that you cannot see.' Oh, uncle, this seems fanciful to you, who know the history of the box, but to me it is very real." "Alas, I know no more of its history than you. To me it speaks only of horror, violence and crime. But tell me, does it ever say anything else to you?" " Yes. At times when I have pondered I long over the past it seems to say to me: 'Hope, Adrienne, hope I In good time I will bpen my lips; the sorrowful shall be made happy-the dead come back to life. 1 Hope I' " The doctor drew her closer to him. "My child, the time has come when you must know what I have never told to anyone i -the story of how I came by the box. To night I do what I never have done-with 1 this key I open the box. I look there for a revelation of terror and crime. If it have for you any message of hope and love, Heaven grant that you may receive it. Listen," he said : "Five years ago I heard that my brother, whom I had not seen for some years, had died, leaving you, his only daughter, an t orphan, dependent upon my care. I arranged that you should make my house your home, I and one evening-five years ago to-night while I was away to fulfil a professional en. gagement, you arrived. When I returned I you were here. I learned also during my I absence young Malcolm Douglas had called I upon you with his friend Arthur Weston. I These two young men, you told me, had re turned from India not long before, where they had made their fortunes. I learned also that Malcolm was an accepted lover. "I was once more called out, and it was late at night when I started for home again t on foot. As I plodded on, thinking of the t changes which would come from your living .1 among us, and for the happiness I hoped for you in the husband I had never seen, I was I recalled to myself by noises, lights and shouting. Looking about me, half dazed, I found myself in the middle of the street; a cob drawn by two horses was bearing down I upon me rapidly. The driver, vainly trying to check the animals, was calling to me. I was bewildered, and stood still till the horses were almeet upon me; in an instant 1 should lhave been knocked down when I was snatched to one side just as the wheels of the cab grazed my clothing. " I looked up at my rescuer. His clothes were torn and muddy, and I distinctly remembered afterwards that stains of-of something red-were on his hands. "" My dear air, how can I thank you enough for your courage f'I said. "' It was nothing-nothing at all,' he replied. "' But youhave saved my life at the risk of your own. Let me at least know who you are, so that I may have the opportunity of being of use to you some time.' "'If you want to serve me, now is the time,' he said. Take this box. My life would be in danger were it found upon me. ' 'Then I will take it,' I said. "He placed the box in my hands, saying: "'Swear to me that you will never let anyone else get possession of it; that you will never reveal how it came into your possession, and that you will never open it. I may call upon you any time for it; iif I have not done so by five years from to.night I absolve you from your oath; you may open the box and tell the story of receiving it from me. Do you swear to do this ?' "' I swear.' "' Then here is the box and a key. You may see me again soon, or you may never ee me. Farewelll' "When I reached home and thought over this adventure calmly, it did not take long to conclude that there was more of the comic than the tragic about it. So I put I the box away, and soon all thought of it was driven from my mind by the startling I events which had happened at this time. " Malcolm Douglas had disappeared. lieI had ,Uawn anll his money, amounting to ten thousand pounds, from the bank, and if the sea had swallowed him up he could not have disappeared more totally, his money with I him. As time went on and nothing was heard tof him, the police took up the matter. 1 Murder and robbery was their theory, and they nmadea few arrests. Nothing came of them, however, till suspicion fell upon the Hindoo servant, Kara Nin. A man had I been foundwho had seen Malcolm that night in a lonely part of the city near the wharves, the man aleo stated that Malcolm seemed to be followed by a small dark man-giving a very good description of Kara Nin. But Arthur Weston steepped in and aslirmed that i Mara Nin had been with him that night at the time when Malcolm had been seen near the wharves. 'his alibi apert the case against the servant, and the police gave up I the search in despiair, and aars min soon "Thus it seemed that the disappearance of Malcolm Douglas was to be an unsolved mystery; but it was then that dark visions I began to rise up before me, and the almost forgotten box began to take on the ainister I look it has ever sinee worn.. The brteathlesse Shurry of the man with the box, his icniiaty ei to rid himself of the incriminating burden; I thie very words be used about it ; the solemn I oaths he made me take-nothing could seem I lees comic or insitnificant than this, hep 1 L.oametoltink of it, in eonceotioni.ih the'i ditsheperalcs Of ?eilcolm Douglrne. I have often started up in the dead of night ond come to the box with the key in my hand, determined to open it and see what it con tained; but my arm has always been stayed not by my oath, but by my feeling that the time had not yet come--that the secret of I the box was n?t to be forced from it. But I have alwa)s hIt,n verhtheleae, t.at not a Kara'Nin. n pf ao)ioe but g- ox, did Lav 'oculfed ditg td il Monet, t|f s b ret of tle dise?ptarduoe u i:alb.o1? ?o5gl0e. "And now the time has come to.night the:*ltvaeerd sC eoi'.d' b--a as'ove - troml my oath. I have told you the story of the box, so far ?s I know it; new I open it. no." ... The red sunset had almost faded now, and left the box standing out blackly against the dead grey sky. The girl raised her head and gacedearnestly at the casket, Then she arnee. " I will leave you, Uncle Frederick," she said, " to open the box. I know now what you moat have sufifred through all these years with this knowledge. I, too, have suffered; but to me the box has spoken words of comfcrt and hope; and tonight I feel that its prophesies are soon to be ful filled. I must go now; Arthur Weston is waiting for me." "I fear his visit will be short, poor fellow I But if the boxcontains anything of import ance, I will tell you. Now that the time has really come I feel very much agitated; I can hardly bring myself to open the box. But I will try hard to pluck up courage." The doctor lighted a wax taper and eeot it on the table next to the box. Then he took the key, which was fastened to a small orimeon ribbon, and put it in the key hole. As he did so a flood of memoriesroshed over him. A shudder passed through the doo tor's frame; he turned the key and slowly lifted the lid. The light was dim; the doo tor raised his eyes, and looking at the win dow he saw a sight which at first turned his blood cold. A face was pressed against the pane ; a face that he knew, with bright eyes staring at him inetntly. Before him the doctor saw the box, open at last; beyond the box, he saw the never forgotten face of that night in the street five years before; the face of the man with the box I It was but for a moment that the doctor was paralysed. He sprang to the window, opened it, and assured himself that the face was not a mere vision, by grasping the body convulsively. With superhuman energy he dragged the man into the room and stood before him with uplifted arms. " At last I at last I" he cried ; " the time has come I Whether you are a men or devil you must yield up to me the secret of Mal colm Douglas l" "I will do so," answered the man, in a calm, clear voice. "It is for that that I have come here. Close the window and sit down, I seeyou have opened the box. IfII had not come you might have guessed from that the secret of Malcolm Douglas." " 1 knew it i" murmured the doctor, sink-. fog into a chair. "I could have sworn that Malcolm Douglas's fate was known to yon and the box I" "I will make my story short," continued the man. "To begin at the beginning: Malcolm Douglas and Arthur Weston re turned from India comparatively rich men. They had made thear fortunes together, but had divided them before they left India. They passed through Europe on their way home. Their stay there would have been longer had not Douglas discovered that Weston was becoming a victim to gambling. He was much alarmed for his friend and hurried him home. "But it was too late; for onoe night not long after their arrival here, Weston informed him that he had already lost almost all his fortune over the gaming table. He followed this with a request for a large loan. Dcg-. las wenit to the bank and drew out all his money to help his friend; and en doing this he rushed to his doom. "What good could a loan do an already ruined man? The money must be his some how. When the guiltyidea first struok Weston's mind I do not anow. Once there, it grow rapidly, for Weston had suddenly come to have anothear reason for wishing to have Douglas out of the way-the hatted of a rival in love. " The resolve once formed, an instrument was readily found. A ferocious Hindoo servant, conversant with means of killing unfamiliar to us- ready for greed or for mere bloodthirstiness to strangle anyone such a person was Kara Nin ; a tool ready to the hand of Weston. "There is one ciruonmstance which fastens indubitably upon Weston the guilt of this crime, When Kara Nin, through some accident, was observed and suspected, he called upon his master to perjure himself in order to save him. And through fear of .betrayal Weston did this, doubtless with in. conceivable loathing, for he had no cause to love Kara Nin." "For the Hindoo had not brought Doug. Ils's money. Weston thought be had stolen it; at any rate he followed the Hindoo with, his vengeance, and some time later attemp. ted to have him done away with; thus grati fying a grudge and getting rid of a dangerous accomplice at the same time. But I believe he failed, and if so there will bewar between Weston and Kara Nin." "But this is not all," exclaimed the dooc tor, as the man paused, "this is nothing. Who are you, what of the box, and what really was Malcolm Douglas's fate ?" The man eat for a long time leaning his face on his hand. At last he spoke: " Is your niece here ?" " Yee." " Will you take me to her f" "Doctor Collamore rose, and the man followed him into the drawing room. Arthur Weston was there with Adrienne. "Why do you tell me to wait?" he was saying. "I have waited five years, Adri enne. Was I not to have my answer to. night! At least give me a little hope." The door had opened, and the doctor and the man were standing in the room. Adrienne rose and gave one look at the man. " Malcolm I" she cried, and throw herself into his arms. Arthur Weston followed her with his eyes, and saw Malcolm Douglas standing in the doorway. Weston sank to the floor, and raised hisa hand as if to shield himself from a frightful vision. "It is I, myself, Arthur Weston," said Douglaa; "the bowatring of the strangler failed for once. The treasure box is not in eara's hands, but in this very house, where it has been ever since that night." Weston arose and made a violent eoffort to appear self-posesessed. "\Well, Malcolm," he said, "you can't blame me for thinking you were a ghost. I never expected to see you again." " Weston, you can spare me the trouble of publicly denounoing you. When I sue. ceeded in escaping from the strangler, I was filled with fear and apprehension. I knew I was not safe while he was here. I resolved to go away until it would be safe for me to return. Your false swearing in KMra's behalf showed me who my real enemies were, and I have not returned till I am able to defeat you at all points. Leave the country, Arthbur Weston ; never again return or come near me, and you will be safe, as far as I am concerned; otherwise you will be in gaol w:thin an hour." Weston slunk out of the room without a word. " ily children," said Doctor Collamore," I don't think I understand all of this yet; but I can see that the man with the box has returned, the box has been opened, and its curse at last removed from my sleepless nights." "And I alvaye said, UnecleFradedriok, that the box contained a blessing. We have opened it, and I have found Malcolm." '"I am glad you have kept your promise about the box so well," said Malcolm; "but I em more glad that you have kept Adrienne for me so safely. In return I will promise that you shall no longer be haunted by the man with the box." Arthur Weeqn :!ipped oult.of the room qieotly enough. But did hbe eeestillanother lace pressed against the window pane watch ing all his movements? A dark, savage face with glittering eyes and white teeth that looked agj; they would liko.o taste blood! Did you see that iaceMlolatt.LW ieatb? It you did, good- bye to all rest and peace of mind for you from this time on; for the bowstring of the strangler will not fail the second time, and you know it. You have played with fire, andyour day of reckoning ie yet to come; and when it does, it will be from the hand of Rara Nin, Practical 7:a-.: =nt of tl. Bull. eeird i s -ieds idn lorsee!nseo than[ one. He is the lord of the harem, the nwasterin the-paustreo and'he-is the foon ain thoed tof the blood of the next generation, tre breeder naturally estimates tt.e bull as )ne halt in all his calculations. Not only as ,ue-half, but he is always on the lookout to see whether in such an estimate ha is not I ercatly under estimating the bull's true in fluence. If the bull is a vigorous fellow, of usty strength of body and of blood, the breeder may find that his actual value in the equation which represents the character of his get is a much larger fraction than one oall, which is naturally assumed as a trial value. On the other hand, if the bull is a weak, puny animal, of feeble constitution, and of no potency ini his inherited traits, the iaeult may prove that his proper value is a much lees one than at first assumed. This may go so far as in some cases to seem as it the bull really represented nothing more than the principle of life, and in giving his ualves being he had exhausted his powers. The degree of ability a bull has to stamp his get with his own image is the true exponent of his worth. A fine animal of great prepo. tency is the most valuable of possessions a man can have. But in some degree a bull's breeding may depend on how he is treated. However great the powers that nature may have endowed any given animal with, unless that power is conserved and fostered it will be proportionately reduced, and may even be I atrophied and lost, by neglect and abuse. The lame bull in good condition, represents in each case an entirely different value. When seakenod by under-feeding, when made sluggish by over.feeding, the natural powers of pocreation are equally enfeebled and the rapacity of the animal in a normal state of health is greatly reduced. Consequently, no matter how admirable a bull is, no matter b how good a breeder, much of his success in his herd depends on the kind of care and treatmenti hereceives. r Begin with him early, both to develop his :apacities and to guard against the growth Df bad qualities. From the earliest ealfhood the bull ought to be accustomed to constant a snd unintermitting handling. A calf cannot I be broken to halter too early, and if not broken early and kept at all times familiar wa ith man he may grow up unruly, and the 1 very eforts used to break in a young bull may be the cause of viciousness which will make him a dangerous thing to handle or to have on the farm. I have never raised a I vicious bull, and I am convinced if begun on t early enough and handled quietly, but firmly, Ia bull will never become dangerous. The a great thing is to hold bulls under restraint by a constant exercise of authority which is always kindly, so that they are never aroused and so never have their tempers provoked. If there is any sure way to ruin a bull I fancy it is by kicking and beating him whenever he is approached until he is in a stlate of unvarying irritation in the presence of men. When once be is alive to the power of his latent temper the matter of subjugation t is a very difficult one, and one in which the element of danger is generally lof more con sequence than the value of the bull. I for one, would not have a bad bull on my t place. tMy practice is to take the bull calves away from the other cattle when they are about two or three months old and put them in a t lot by themselves. Until six months old d they are suckled by their mothers twice a day, and are put in the stable and fed twice da day. In the summer they are put up in the morning and fed, and then are fed and turned out late in the evening; while in the winter the reverse course is followed, and they.are put up in the afternoon and fed and then fed before they are turned out. This ' system of feeding is kept up right along as the calves approach maturity. Young bulls need to be kept growing well. They are very Y apt to get out of shape at from nine to y twelve months old, and ought to be fed f freely and well, and be kept in a quiet place from the cows and heifers; for it is easy to cause young bulls to worry them selves and work all their flesh off, and the o beet earo in other things will not suffice to g keep them in good condition. It is one of r my cardinal principles that young bulls to -do thoroughly well must be kept perfectly y quiet and apart. is A Goon DIE-D.-"Are you going to e marry that horrid old Smith, Mary " " Yes, dear. But please do npt use such n adjectives." "Of course not. But why'do you marry him?" "Well, when I asked him if he really loved me, he said, 'I'd die for you, darling.' And that's the kind of a rich old husband I want -one who will die for me." SAn UnrLEas.~T FEATunn.-- Employer (to commercial traveller). " I would prefer, MCr. Sharpedge, on your trips, that you stop is whenever possible at the temperance hotels." e Mr. Sharpeuge (dubiously): "I don't know about that." Employer: "Why not?" Mr. Shiarpedge: "Because the whisky 'here ain't fi to drink." E.siLT SAISeoD.--o " What d'ye want to eat, Mirandy?" said a countryman to his wife as they seated themselves in a ree taurant. " Well, I donno, John. Anythin' that snits you suits me." "i Well, mister," said John, turning to the r waiter, "What her ye got that's cheap an' fllin' I" \- Tntlerr Isr- rosrrlox..-"Pa"' said Bobby In one of his thoughtful moments, "is a chicken a giant to an ant?!' d "Yes." r. "And are re giants to a chicken " e i.Ya'as ya'as." "But a giant has got to be a giant to be a II giant to us, hasn't be?" "DBobby," raid his mother just in time,' 5, "your father wvnts to read his evening e paper." n Miaor e RceOMelrNDon.-R obinson: " Try one of myoigars, Brown. It's a new brand, d and is highly recommended ?" cr Brown (trying one): "What recom. n mended 'em, Robinson; cheoapness ?" ILox Poon,-" Ten years ago, gentes," he Ssaid. "I had plenty of cash, but 0 invested it all in land and now I am land poor." 'I "How much land do you own 1" I "Not an acre; it all went for taxes," e Hill: "So Miss Gadabout is engaged. t Jove I she's been engaged to every fool in the s place, I think. Who's the last idiot she I hooked?" d Jinks: "Myself 1" 's Visitor (to propr:etor of iron foundry: S 'You cast everything here, I supposet" SProprietor: "Everything, sir." a Visitor: "Let me see you cast a gloom." "If anybody was ever more pressed for n time than I am I'd like to see him." "There's such a fellow on exhibition at the a nuseum." "Who is he?" I "An Egyptisn bummy." a He (making an evening call):': " all I s sing one more song, Miss Clara, before.I gof" a She: "I should be delighted, M:f;?samp son- er-if you think you have time." S"I am onmy way home doctor," said a citizen, who w-s after soLg free advice, i and I'm sired and wornout.' Whatought SIto take?" a "Take a asb," replied the intelligent phy. a ulcian. - . . S To die and know that wheiI men think of r you no inspiration will arise, butpnly the memory of harshness,or hatred, orfalsehond; or pitilessess-that makes death terrible. SBe'otherwise. Let your works follow you Swith inspiring power. Speak from the :i grave to comfort, kindle, and redeem. S Goon toolsneovermadeammechani skilful a college educationnever made a man brilliant e and talented. STHEu great world spins fortSve down the ringing grooves of change 