I TALES and sketches. ji alone on a wide wide sea. || BY W. CLAEIC RUSSELL, R&irmm; or "A Ska Queen," "The Golden Shops," "The Wreck op the Gkosvenoh," HBirar deahi Sinr," " My Danish Swekt- h heart," tee. a| All Rights Reserved. , 99 ou.pten II.— A Roatino Trip. H It was not yet evening, but the sun was very Bel in the vest on our right hand ; there would BBT, lirni moon rising a littlo wliilo boforo 8; Emu breeze continued to blow strong and the SKrean rolled into tho land in tnll dark groon SSninHoI naves, melting 03 tlicy chnrged in oudloss &5tttssioii into wiilo spaces of foam, orange ficlsml by tho sunsot. S3 "Do you hoar tliatcoho ot thunuor in the elitf yfllolil you about!" said my husband? Kg I listened and said "Yos." ia "It is liho n distant firing of guns," said Misty. ' . ®j "Thero aro somo good boats down there £|pcing beside tho pier," said my husband to the 'Qaoitmon. "Ay," answered the boatman, " you'll need '?atouiU long way round the ooast to find better i'Skitsthnn them." "That is a protty boat, Mary," said I, point- j$p| io one with two mnsts— a tall mast in tho Yqfmpart and a short mast iit the stern : sho was (dpioied grcon and rod, and sho was very clean ' 'Vi white inaide, and sho appeared in my oyos ,;|tie prettiest of all tho boats as she dived and ibittabled and leaped buoyantly and not without ".'Artec, upon tire sharp edge of tho broken sojmler. "That's my host, lady," said the sailor, h'j "What is her name!" inquired Mary. j "The Mary Hann ?" lio nnswero'L ' " I named pr stor my wife. Sly wife is gono dead. I've ...gotno wifonow but she," and be poiuted with S.jiii thumb backwards at bis boat, "and she's hut j; poor wife, too, Sho aims littlo onough for mo, -'AT other kept tho home together with tnking in Lrtt nobody corrcs to Picrtown now. v,t|rolts want what's called atirnot-ions. 13ut tho y jltal board'll do notliou oxcopt buy land as jMonga to, tho men who forma tho local hoard, ' if ,""5 3 nt". mo 'lns to I'ay for that thoro ; ;|hae, and when it's buught for five times as muoh . in it. worth, it's—left waste. Lord, tho jobbery 1 'ji' making any stay horo, sir?" j, rer/'answered my husband, "we aro bore llora month." jlte boHme ra''!'1' ye bav0 Rrrived ?" inquired 1 !im? rcl'ed my husband. 1 There 8 some very good fishing to bo bad jp;' "ft Ea'd the boatman, " if I may make so . b whenever you want a trip out, whether . l or Bahmg or rowing or sailing, if so bo as you'll vjU formo, my name being William Hitohcns, sisnrl Hitchens, pronounced in ono n-iii' — ,lcl.LEr fr there's parties ltoro as'U r if , i n ,, know who you were asking for ' . 01 0 Uillitohens— if you over fm nilliif ' 8lr' and you lndies. 'f you'll »sk few.' i"3 you mcot wilh satisfaction. S. , m rnf touch the Mary Harm in aroelr'n, fishing sho sits ns steady as :':C.n " J'U 'nay 6Kess' Bir' by bs«ving her a itrt S1.nWa"f a boat I will ask forBill- \- , lm:i ' .®alp. y husband, glancing at me with fonder „f tl 18 Cy-.. r',iH lady—my wife-is ' will mm J:!!! B? , 1 nm- 1 daro say sho fie weather A / '»iso with yon. But " Vn?, ir 0 flno wllen 6,10 docs so- " ; fieboam n '.'»rWoather to mc> lady," said -I'Fe becii e rr f- a! y fur over 48 year 'tudvine (L )',"K about this beach and a he YVheee r' u can 'cave him to Hiliitchcna ami ymU Tt"' a Trniiso you nsk for Weather nfn'?? iry H"1"1, and if tho iWyu von vP ro,V13'nefof tl'ol'lt" of such a "wim?.' y U ShaU lmvo tb truth." T " Vun an? 5:"r 0lmrsas ?" said my husband, i katmaS! m,'?1'??00 an hour," answered tho boat by tl,n w„ t y.ou.. '''to 1 engage my 1 fr'ce. Rivinir mn i lttV0 '!0r your owu ' he along." 60 lnucb ovory time y lakes ''r?,tl0inot hci"7 lo row?" snid I. with a soumnifo'of0 Cric?' 6ai'"K at his boat 'Ihinfant onnl l f,vondor at tho question. It added <.p,|Se? , r spinning." "Sides," light oarc Tor .. , , cat0 1 Ship a pair sigh as ligl,t as iy" vot'1' .oalieel soulls, "tVrl this hero baceay pipe." huabindnnA 11"', Afr. Hitclions," said cf our liomo'fnr tn"3 ,s'',0"cd tho direction tew upon ttln so sj'adow of tho ovoning was l0 g, wn veer vod,,th0 slro"K wind seemed i I o i v e vo r i!!. t oold on a sudden. tileilont, tho toa„tWO,r!ltlLc.a to rost tho nisht ,0o our windows n darll: and puso, tho ocean lnl'i hl?1> Ecatcd was tho 'iy aa thoush "'"P0 stoop into tho eighty hill on, „ were tho sido of a fit orb lay' a moou tdo ovor it and undor "H'tdliliotho cnnT vf fil.lioU3 silver which '"'ell or tho i.„ " a moving sorpout ns tho The dark hodv of n !' Wator ran tnrougli it. jjdliant path 0 l>assod through that "ijS'Bbt was beautiful1.8 look'ng. and 'i'pt'in our j-"!!" ",ro. s'ooping well, Johnny 1 J0.? hnsband coulrl Vaby Tvith thc nurse, for "pen. I lookoif nf ,t0 bo disturbed in iknaband to toll i r i miy > y nnd asked my already a bioom b® did not thinlc there was I b"td my child's n« Johnny s cheoks; and I ! , et it Wtu 0_ , brow and goldon hair. ; ;ECP I lay hcarPnn ,0 m,y eycs slnssd in letoltL snrf t0 tho dull subdued ! boflo11 far ow 8 ronS noise to me, and I lay hoarkoning to it as though to a voico muttering in giant wluspors out of tho hush of midnight ; ftncl when at last I fell asleep I dreamt tliat I wib m tho Mary Ann and that Bill Hitohens was steering tho boat, and that sho was sailing dircotly up tho lino of glorious silver undor tlio moon ; and I remember that I naked him in my dream how long it would tnko to reach tho moon, that as we sailod waxed bigger and biggor but instead of answering ho put his knuckles into his eyes and began to sob and cry, and I awoko to hear littlo Johnny calling to mo to take him into my bod. And now followed days as happy ns light hearts and bright skies and good health could ronder them. Tho weather continued splondid. Sornotimes it was as hot as over it had been during tho month of July in tho city of the Abbey Church. Thc neighborhood was pleasant —a country of woods and verdant dingles and flwolhng pastures— and we made many excur sions, nnd in particular did wo enjoy a visit to some old ruins which had onco been an abbey; but now its windows yawned, its roof was gono, largo portions of its masonry had fallen, its floor was a tangled growth of rank grass and woeds. We listened to the wind whistling through thcao ruins. Wo listened with bated breath and with raised imaginations, for tho noiso of the wind was liko tho chanting of friars inter mixed with a thin wailing of women's voices, and as I listened I could not hslp thinking to myself that it was as though tho ghosts of long departed monks and cliasto and holy nuus hnd vicwlossly assembled round about us to sing somo solemn dirge, nnd that if our sight were as fine a souse as our hearing— if indeed wo could sec the hivisiblo as we hear it — wo might behold the vision of tho building itself spread ovor our heads, aiid on either hand of us in roof, in glorious colored window— in sepulchral monu ment. Hero it was that my little Johnny, in running from mo towards the grass which grow upon what had beon tho pavoment of this ancient abbey, tripped and fell and lay screaming as though fearfully hurt. Mary took him up ; ho was not hurt. My husband lookiug into tho grass to observe what had tripped the child put his hand upon something grey and picked up a littlo skull. -- "Good God I" he cried casting it from him with a shudder, 11 let ua get away from this placo 1" - But Mary remained behind, alone, for somo minutes with hor eyes bent upon tho little skull, musing upon It. Though we made eercral inland excursions our chief haunt's were the pier mid the beach. Oh, those were happy days indeed. My sister and X would tako camp stools, down on to tho sands and long mornings did wb thus pass, my husband moving indolently herd anu there, smoking, examining pools of water, stooping to piok up a shell, Johnny scooping with a stick at iny side, baby sleeping in the arms of tho nurse. There we would sit and watoh the quiet sur face of thc sea that melted into tho blue air where the sky came down to it, .and gaze at tho oncoming brcakor poising its tall emerald green head for a breathloss instant like some huge snake about to strike, cro tumbling in thunder and snow and roaring soawards in a cataract of yeast. "We seemod— indeed I believe wo wore — tho only visitors in tho place. Nobody intruded upon us ; tlio milos of Band' were .our own ; I Robinson Crusoe's dominion was not moro absolute. Tho boatman named William Hitohons had eallcd at tho house early in the morning to know if we would go for a nice little sail or row during thc day, but tho answer I sent by thc sorvant was, not yet. I was in no hurry to go for a nice littlo sail or a row. When I was on tho samls tho sea was so close to mo that it was almost tho same as being on it ; and tho novelty : of having tho sea feathering to my foot iu white and broken waters remained too great an enjoy mcnt for somo days to induco a wish in me for wider experiences. And then again neither Mary nor my husband had tho least taste for boating, so that if I went I must go alone. I was not oven ablo to bavo my children with mc, for thenurso declared that tho mero looking from thc boaoh at a boat rock ing upon tho water mado her fool ill, and T darod not, singlo handed, tako tho ohildron, for how cou d I, holding tho baby, havo looked after littlo Johnny, who was always on tho move, orawling here, and creeping here, and who was just tlio child to wrigglo. on .to a scat of a boat and tumblo overboard whilst my head was turned? Howover, after we lmd been at Picrtown five days wo'- walked down to tho sands as usual after breakfast, and as we passed the cntianco of tho pier Bill Hitohons approached us pulling at a groy lock of hair that hung upon his foro head under an old felt bandit shaped hat. MA beautiful morning tor a sail or a row, lady," said he, addressing himself to mo as though ho hnd long beforo mado up his mind that there wan no custom to bo got out of my husband and my sister; "why not venture fur an hour, mum? Thero's as protty a littlo off shore vind ablowing as could bo wished. And look how smooth tho water is. Only let mo draw you clear of this here ground swell and y© won't know you'ic afloat. Or if you don't like sailing I'll put a small oar into tho boat, and with mo rowing agin yo, lndy, yo shall seo how light a boat sho if," "Go, Agnes," said my husband, obsorving that I looked wistfully at tho water. 14 Come, Mary," said L "No, dear," sho answered, "I am certain to sufTor from hcadftcho afterwards." ; 11 Why don't you come along, sir?" said tho boatmnn to my husband. "Because I am very well, thank you, Billit- chons, and I wish to remain well," answered my husband. 41 1 will go," said I, and instantly tho boatman was in motion, IIo ran with uncouth gestures to a ladder ihat descended tho pier side, disappeared down it, aud presently emorged in a littlo skiff which ho propelled with an oar over tho stem. Having arrived at his boat, which was moored in tho middlo of tho small liurbor— if I may so term the space of water Within tho cmbr&co; of the crooked arm of tho pier — ho freed and brought her to somo steps. I entered, perhaps ft little nervously, sat down, and Billitchons, throwing his oars over, pulled tho boat out to son. . . . Little Johnny screamed and wept, imagining that I was leaving him for ever. I kissed my hand and waved it to him, and Mary taking tho iittlo fellow in her arms comforted him, Now out of that simple English sccno of coast fife, out of tho familiar commonplace oxnorienco of a boating trip, what, if it wcro not death, should bo ablo to shape itself so potent in all horror as to utterly and absolutely shipwreck my happiness and mako a frightful tragedy of my life. Death it might well havo bceu ; again and again small sailing boats aro capsizing and their in mates thrown into tho water and drowned ; but worso than death was to befall mo.# Wlion X closo my oyes and behold with tho vision of my mind the scone of that little town, tho terraces of the clilfs, though I am able to connect the long chain of circumstances link by link, tho memory of the disaster nnd all that followed tho disaster affects mo oven at this instant of. time witli tho violcnca of a paralysing revelation. I know tho post to bo trpe,aiid still J gazo dumbly ?d with terror backwards, iucapnble of credit- But tho dreadful misfortuno that wub to over whelm mo did not happen at once. No: my short excursion that morning I thoroughly cu- J.oy®d- All was aafo, well, and delightful. I tola the boatman to keep somewhat closo in to tho shore, and I hold my husband anil sister and children in view all tho while. Tho boatman rowed leisurely, and my dear ones on tho Blioro ''l'l paco with tlio boat until they had arrived at their favorito spot on tho sands, where they seated themselves and watched me, I rowod a little, and found tho oar the man had placed in tho boat for my use very fight and manageable ; but I plied it unskilfully ; indeed I was but a wretched oarswoman. Yot it amused mc to dip the blade into tlio wator, however clumsily, and to feci that tho boat received something of her impulse from tho swing of my figure. Bill Hitchens talked much, and had I heeded hw conversation I might havo found his queer words and odd thoughts and expressions amus mg, but X was too much occupied with my oar, and with looking at tho group on tho sands, and with admiring tho coast, to attend to his queer spceoh. And indeed wo were just at such a dia- tanco from tho coast as enabled mo to witness in perfection its incomparable romantio beauties. The child roso in dark and rugged ramparts, and their gloomy massy colors wcro peculiarly defined by tho lino of white surf, which, the fall of tho breakers being continuous, seemed fixed as though painted along tho foot of the coast. Thc windows of tlio houso wo occupied sparkled over tho edgo of tho heights, but tho structure was so high lodged, tho altitudo of it from tho sea appeared so prodigious, that spito of tlio softening shadow of trees bohind it, and spite of its quaint and cosy shape, it bad an odd, wild, wind look to my eyes, and I wondered as I gazed at it that it had not been lovolled long ago by one of tho many hurricanes of wind whioh Bill Hitchens told mo thundered across tho 8ca and against the lnndin winter time blind with snow and black with flying scud. And tho town mado mc think of Teunyeon's descrip tion of a coastal village, for there was a frosty sparklo upon tho houses as though they were formed of rock salt. Thc sky was a deep bluo, nnd I noticed that it seemed to tremble and thrill whore tho bend of it disappeared past tho edgo of tho oliffs as if the dye of tho cliifa themselves wcro lifting and sifting into it and dcopciung tho beauty of its hue just thero. Tho water was everywhere llashful with tho light wind that was blowing from tho land. Presently tho boatman said : — " Lady, let mc gi' you a bit of a sail t" I consented, and ho took my oar from mc and laid it in tho boat, then loosed a big sail that lay upon tho seats and hoisted it, and afterwards ho set a little sail at the stern, and then sat down at tho tiller and steered, making tho boat skim along on a lino with the bench. My dear ones flourished their hands to mc. This was enjoy ment indeed I . The bout seemed to mc to sail wonderfully fast ; I looked over tho stern and pereeived that she left bohind her a long furrow as beautiful with its ornamentation of foam and bubbles &ud; eddies as a length of rich kicc. Hitchens sailed tho boat to and fro, aud all tho time ho was bidding me obsorvb what a beautiful boat she was, how there was nothing whatever to be afraid of, bow in such a boat as tho Mary Hann, as ho called her, a party of people might sail round tho United Kingdom in perfect com fort and security. 41 Only make it vurth my vile," said he, "and I'd go to Amirikoy in this here boat. Mako it vurth my vilo, lady, and I'd double tho Ham in her. Amcrikoy was discovered by folks as would liavo Bwoppcd their prcoious eyes for such a boat as this here to mako tho voyage in. I don't speak of Australey, for Oook he had a ship, bnt I've heered tell of Columbus ; thero's ono of us chaps as has read all about that gent and is always ayarning about him; and ower and ower I've heard him say that that thero Columbus would havo swopped bis prcoious oyes for tho liko of such a boat as the Mary Hann fur to mako his discovory with." In this manner Bill Hitohons discoursed about his boat as ho sat beaido tho tiller with his head well botween his shoulders and his back rounded liko a cat's at the sight of a dog. After this I was continually making excur sions with Bill Hitohcns. Having got to know bim I never would hiro another in his place. Indeed ho took caro that nobody should sup plant him, and called for ordors every morning with tho punctuality of tho butcher or tho grocer. Often would Igoouttwiceaday, so keen was my enjoyment of thc pnstimc of sailing and rowing. Twice my husband nccompanied me, but after the second time ho told mc ho had had enough, and ho went no more in the boat. Onco I coaxed Mary into joining mo, and in less than five minutes thc boatman was obliged to put her ashore, nnd when I returned two hours later I found her motionless on tho sofa with a sick headache. Tho behavior of tho boatman did not b&lio; thc character I seemed to find written iu his face. He proved a very honest, civil, deserving follow, possessed of a quality of sourness that imparted a particular relish to ills odd manner of speaking. I did not foar to bo alono with this man. I had every confidence in his judg ment and prudence. He was allowed by his comrades of tho beach to be ono of tho smartest boatmen on thc coast. My husband ascertained this, and ho also agreed with me in my opinion of tlio fellow's respectability, and day after day I would cntor tho boat and my husband would stand watching inc without tho faintest mis giving of any sort iu either of us. On several occasions Hitchens carried mo out to so great a distance that the foaturcs of tho land wore indistinguishable, and these long trips I enjoyed most of nil ; tlioy woro liko voyages, and when I stepped on tho shoro I would feel as though I had just arrived from thc other side of tho world. Wo had now been a day over thrco wook.s at Picrtown. Tho weather had continued fine and warm throughout— in truth & moro beautiful Ootobcr I never remember— and wo had all bonofittcd vastly by tho change. But on the morning of this day my husband received a lotter. Ho opened it, road it attentively, and exolaimcd to mo across tho breakfast table— 44 1 shall havo to leave you for a couplo of days !" 44 Why?" I asked. He passed tho letter to mo ; it was a business letter addressed to him by his olork. Tho nature of tho business docs not concern us ; enough that tho call was important and peremp tory. The business, my husband Bnid, would certainly detain him in Bath until tho hour of departure of n lato train on the following night, if indeed ho should then be ablo to return. I packed his handbag, and Mary and I walked with him to tho railway station. I kissed him and wo parted. My sister and I returned homo to tako thc children to tho sands. Wc passed tho morning under tho cliffs, talking and reading and playing with tho children. It was a bright day, but I afterwards remem bered notioiug that tho sky was wanting in tho beautiful clonr vividness of hue it had worn on preceding days, Tho nziiro had a somewhat dim and soiled look, Buoh as ono might fancy it would exhibit in n very fino thin duststorm. I also afterwards remembered having observed that thero was a certain brassincss in tho glare of tho Biin, no if his fight woro tho reflection of his own puro golden beams cast by a Burfaco of burnished brass or copper. Theso things I afterwards rccolleotcd that I had noticed, yet I do not remember that I Bpoke of them to my sister. Wo dined at ono o'olock. Tho road from our houso to tho sands carried us past tho entranco to tho pier. As wo leisurely strolled, Bill Hitchons lifted his breast from tho post whioh ho was overhnngiiig nnd approached us with a respectful saultation of his hand to his brow. 14 Will you bo going out this afternoon, lady V9 ho asked. "My husband has been called away/1 I re plied 41 and I do not feel asif I should care to go upon tho water during his absence." " You will find tho afternoon tedious, dear," said Mary. "It'aa beautiful day, lady," said the boatman. 4 There's a nice littlo air o wind stirring. Couldn't ask for a prottior day fora sail, lady." 44 It is somewhat cloudy," said I, directing my gaze at tho sky. "Fino weather clouds, lady," Baid the boat man. 44 Keep your sight upon 'om for a bit and you'll find they're scarcely moving." 44 That is true," said I. "If you go," said Mary. 4%I will take Johnny and baby foi a drive." 44 You'll soon bo leaving Piertown, lady, worse luck I" said tho boatman with an insinuating grin. "This here fine weather ain't agoing to last cither. It won't bo long afore we'll be laying our boats up. It may bo blowing hard to-morrow, lady, and it may keep on blowing until your time's up for rotarning." I reflected and snid, 44 Well, Hitohens, you can get your boat ready for mo by half-past 2 or a quarter to 3. I shall bo back by 4," Baid I, addressing Mary as we proceeded home, 11 and by that time you will have returned. Do not keep baby out later than 4." And wo talked of my husband and on home matters as we climbed tho rood that led to the level of tho cliff. At a quarter past 2 I was ready to walk to tho pier for a trip which, I thought, might likely enough provo my last, and which was not to exceed an hour and a quarter. I was dressed in the costumo in which I usually made .those excursions — in a bluo scrgo dress, a warm jacket and a sailor's hat of grey straw. An old fashioned carriago stood at the door waiting for Mary and the nurse and children. I took baby in my arms and kissed her, and I lifted Johnny and kissed him and saw tho little party into tho carriage, which drovo off." I lingered a minuto or two. A strange sense of loucliiicss suddenly possessed me. I cannot imagine what could havo caused it, if it were not the silonco that followed upon the oarriage diiving off, together with the thought that my husband was away. I entered thc littlo parlor, to ascertain the timo by the clock on tho mantelpiece, for my. watched having stopped, I had left in my bed room. Upon tbo table lay a pair of baby's shoes, and a horse and cart that my husband had bought for Johnny was upon tho floor. As I looked at these things I was again visited by an unaccountablo feeling of loneliness. But it could possess no possible signification to mo, and passing out of tho house I closed the hall door and walked briskly down to tho pier. The boat was ready. I entered her and Hitohcns rowed out of thc harbor. The surface of the water was smooth, for tho small breeze of tho morning had weakened yet and was now no moro than a draught of air ; but the sea undulated with what sailors call 44 a swell." upon which tho boat rose and sank with a son- sational of oradliug that was singularly sooth ing to mc. Tho horizon was somewhat misty, and I observed that tho extremities of the coast on either hand in tho distanco were blurred, show ing indeed as though thoy were mirrored in a looking glass upon which you had slightly breathed. 44 It looks somewhat foggy out upon tlio boa," said I. 41 Nothcn but boat, lady, nothen but heat. I like to sco fog inyBelf with tho wind out at no'the. When that happens with fino weather it sinifies that fine weather's agoing to last." Tho figures of a few boatmen idly lounged upon thc esplanade. A man in a whito apron smoking a pipe stood at tho door of one of tlio publio houses watching us as the boat receded. A coastguardsman, stick in hand, leaned over the edgo of the pier gazing down at tho littlo olustor of boats whioh swayed upon the gontly heaving water of the harbor. The sun shone upon a bright gilt sign of a cook or bird of some sort over the door of one of tho publio houses ; and next door to this sign was another, the painted head and bust of a woman eagerly inclining for wards with tho right arm advanced aud a wreath in hor hand. It bad probably bcon the figure head of a ship. Thcso littlo details of tlio picturo I romember remarking as I looked at tlio shore whilst the boat leisurely drew away. What a dull, motion less place did Picrtowu seem. The main street climbing tho hill was viaiblo past tho ourvo of the pier, aud only two figttros wore to bo seen ascending it 44 1 cannot understand how you men got a living," said I to Bill Hitohens. 44 Wo don't onderstand it ouraolvesj lady," said he. 44 You are boatmen, but nobody hires your boats," said I. 44 How do you live?" 44 It's a riddle, mum," answered Hitohens, "and thoro ain't no answer to it. " 41 Yet those boatmen," said I, 14 who are standing upon tho esplauado aro comfortably dressed, they appear neat and clean, their clothes may be rongh, but thoy are fairly good and warm, they arc all smoking, aud I suppose thoy pay for tho tobacco they smoke ; they and others like them are constantly in and out of the publio houses, and tho beer which they drink must cost thorn money. How do thoy manage ?" 44 I've boon, man and boy, gotting on fur eight and forty year upon that thero beach," said Bill Ilitchciw, 44 and if you ask mo to toll you how me aud tho likes of mo manages, vy my answer is, lady, I gives it up." We woro silent, and continued to look at tho shore and to admire, thc sccno of it. 44 Tho time wa," said Bill Hitchens medita tively, 44 ven I hoped to live to see the day ob 'ud find mo tho landlord of a publio house. When all's said aud done, lady, I don't know that a plain man like myself could ask for n moro enjoyable fifo than a publio. Take a dark, vot, cold night, blowing bard and the air full of snowhnil. Only think of tho pleasure of open ing tho door just to look out, so as to be able to step back again into the light and warmth ami ail thc dilferent smells of tho liquors." he added snuttlng. 44 Only think how pleasingly the timo flies in yarning with customers. Then if over yc stand in need uf n drain there it iu any thing yo liko and nothcn to pay, 'cos ven a landlord drinks it's always nt tho expense of hU cu&tomors; vcther they knows it or not Then think again, lady, of a snug littlo parlor nt tho back, all shining vitli clean glasses and mugs like Bilvor, with ft varm firo and a kettlo of boiling vator alvays ready. Ah 1" He broko off with a deop sigh. "I think I will take an oar," said L 44 Lor' bless me," ho cried, running Ids eyes ovor tho boat, 44 I've forgotten to ship a pair of sculls for you," by whioh term he signified tho light oara he was in thc habit of placing in the boat for my ubc. " The oars you aro rowing with will be too heavy for me, I fear," said L 44 1 don't think vun of em villv mum,!' he answered. 44 Suppose ye try it. After you're ; tired of rowing we'll hoist tho sail, for we V shall find more vind stirring ven we get out furder," Ho adjusted tho oar for me, and I seated myself at it and began to row. He sat in the bows of tho boat near the tnll mast and I upon a hinder seat at' that end of tho boat whioli I had heard him call tbo "stern sheets," I did not find tho oar so heavy as I had feared. The boatman had placed it so as to fairly balance it, and I continued to swing it without much trouble. But after I had beon rowing a few minutes the pressure of the handle of tho oar in my grasp caused my rings to hurt me. I endured tho inconvenience until it became a pain, then tilt ing the oar and supporting it by my elbow I pulled off my rings, that is to say my wedding ring and two others — all that I wore— and placed them by my aide on tho sail which lay in a sort of bundle along the scats. I never had any superstitious feeling about my wedding ring. Over and over again had I removed it to wash my hands. "With many women, when once the wedding ring is on it is on for over. Well would it have been for mo had I possessed tho sentiment of tender and . gracoful superstition that influences most wives . in this way. My rings being removed I applied myself again to thc oar, and for about a quarter of an hour Bill Hitohcns and I continued to row thc boat ' out into the open sea. By this timo wo had readied a distanco of a mile from the land. The faint air lmd been slowly freshening into a littlo breeze, and tho water was rippling briskly against the side of the boat. I was now tirod of rowing, and asking Bill Hitchens to take tho bar from mo I rose from my seat and sat down near the tiller. 44 May as well hoist tho sail now, lady, don't ye think?" said Bill Hitohons. ' "Yes, you can hoist tho sail," said I, 41 but I do not wish to go too far from tho land; "What o'olock is it ?" He extracted an old silver watch from some where under his jersey and gave mo tho ; time. 44 1 wish to bo homo by about a quarter past four," said I. Ho answered that he would see to it, and seizing & ropo which passed through tho top of the mast lie hoisted the sail. Ho then came to where I was sitting and set tho little sail upon tho mast at tho stern, and wbou this was done he grasped tbo tiller and the boat, feeling tho piressure of the breeze in her broad canvas — for though she was a small boat sho carried a sail that I would think was disproportionately largo tor her size— heeled ovor and cut through tho water on her side very quickly. 44 It's a nico soldier's viud for the land, lady," said the boatman. 44 What is a soldier's wind ?" I asked. 44 Why," ho answered, 44 a viud that allows yo to go thoro and baok wberover yo may bo bound to." "Tho ooast looks a long way off, Hitohens." 44 It's vorking up a bit hazy, lady, but there's nothen to hurt." 44 1 oxpect tho sky will bo overcast beforo sunset," said I. 44 Do you see that bank of olouds hazily peering through the air over tho oo&st; there ? And I indicated a portion of the land whioh certauily did not lie in tho direotion whence tho wind wai blowing ; so tlmfc it was plain to rae, ignorant as I was iu nil such, matters, though my perception had been sharpened a little by being much upon thc water, and by listening to Bill Hitchens discoursing upon tho several aspects of his cnlling, I say it was plain to mo that thoso clouds wcro working tlioir way up ovor tho land, and that ifthoy did not promise a change of weather they must certainly betoken a change of wind. Tho boatman oast his eyes carelessly towards thocoast and said : 44 there was nothing to hurt in them clouds, ho rather believed they was settling away instead of rising," and then he changed thosubjeot by asking mo If my husband had gono to Loudon, and if it was as big a placo as folks prctcnted it to be. (TO BE CONTINUED). 