CHAPTEE XV. A SUDDEN WEDDING. The guards and keepers buBtle about from cell to cell, and the maniac woman still shrieks at them to catch the pale-faced ghost. But there is no ghost to be seen, and they find the cell doors all locked and quiet, and after a little more parading and a few oaths at the maniac, they disperse and rtturn to tbeir former quarters. The keepers drop down and arc scon sound asleep sgain, but the guard walks up and down and. smokes, passing and repassing poor Bess crouchiogin her hiding place. She claepe her hands and prays that she may die, rather than be consigned to her. dreary cell again, and while she prays the guard vanishes. He bethinks himself that there is some brandy on a table in the re ception room above, and feeling unusually thirsty and sluggish, he runs up to refresh himself. Bess hears his retreating steps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless steps, and she stands before the great outer doer, and, as Josie said, the huge key is in the lock. She seizes the key with both bands. It turns in the lock with a rasping sound, and the door swings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, Hies along the subterranean court, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. The silent summer skies are above her—the cool, damp winds fen her hot brow. As she stands dazed with the blissful fancy that she is free, a figure darts cue from the ivy gloom, and a firm band grasps her arm. "Ileieyou are at last," whispers Josie's voice. " Come—quick i" She hurries her out towards the main gate, which they find standing slightly Bjar. " Come," urges Josie; and she drags her helf-fairsling companion through, and out into the narrow path that leads down the atet p. They are scarcely out when a figure rues silently from the roots cf a huge tree, and in a twinking the gate is looked, and Jacques "Here you are at last," whispers Josie. "Come— quick!" plods up and down the gravel, puffing sway at his pipe, ae stolid and impenetrable as the desert sphinx. Meanwhile Josie puts her dimpled fist to her red mouth, and utters a faint whistle libs the cry of a bird, still holding her com panion's arm. Swift as thought another figure shoots up from amid the olive growth—a tall, impos ing figure this time. He leaps up the crag, and reaches Josie'e side. "Bess," he gasps—"Bess, my darling, is it you ?" BesB lifts her wan, white face, and the moon shines through a rift in the low- lying clouds ar.d falls full upon it. St. Aubyn sees it, recognises it in a breath, and catches her in his arms with a low. passionate cry. But Ehe struggles, to free herself, a etiange expression in her wist ful eyes. "Ob, lei me go. Lord S*. Aubyn," Ebe murmurs, in a broken, piteous voice, " I bad no thought 01 seeing you. I—I hoped it was Redmond" Sc. Auhyn doss cot comprehend her faltering words, and holds fcsff fast, all his old, mad, short-lived love biasing np afresh. Sensible, matter-of-fact Josss, however, puts an end to hie little love sceSS t^ith great coolness. «• My lord," she soys, toaehiBg his bud. and pointing with a nod of fc-ei surly head towards the madhouse, on the (Spper terrace of which unusual lights sse gleaming, " Loot there 1 In a few minutes the keepers will be in pursuit of us. Don't jron think ■we bad better escape while we oaf" __ " Yes, yes ; what a fool I afiQ I" cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bees in his eSrong arms, as he eanght and held her once fesfore in an hour of peril, he dashes down tls§ steep at a headlong pace. It is characteristic of the msa that be shonld forget Josie and lose sight of her danger; he never cared for esy earthly thing save bis own selE- grntificsfck®. And at this moment it pleases and eharms him to have Bess restored to him is this ro mantic and marvellous fashion. So he dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly unmindful whether the child behind him breaks her neck or not. It might have been as well for my lo.vd, the Marquis of _ St. Aubyn, if she had, taking after events into consideration; but there was iistle fear of sueb a catastrophe. Josie'a foot was as fleet and sure as the foot of a mountain chamois, and ehe descended the fiangeross path, and was at the door of the carriage, ^feich stood in the valley below, quite as eoon as my lord himself. . . . He sprang in, still clasping Bess m bis arms, and then, turning to speak to the driver, he saw the girl to whose wondrous courage and skill he was indebted for his great happiness. "Ah, 1 had quite forgotten," fce sard. "Come, my brave little girl, jump Sn." Josie'a fearless eyes had something very near akin to contempt in tkrir ehinirig depths, as she looked np at the hesSsome nobleman. I "No, my lord,"she said, quietly, am going heme." But Bess struggled up and put cat her 1 white face. j "Please—oh,-please don't leave met" she entreated. j "rSuehl" interposed St. Aubyn, before , Josie could answer; " you may rest now, j my darling, and go with me. She shall come to you to-morrow. Come to Nivernois j to-morrow, my girl—dp you hear?" Josie nodded, and the carriage dashed off down the river-road, while the girl pnrsued her way across the grove to the iittie cottage on the suburbs of Moulins. The hot, cloudy night is ended, and over the hills the Sabbath morning dawns. A bright, crisp September morn, with a stiff breeze ruffling the river, and drifting the fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. ■In the white boudoir nt Nivernois Court, on a white velvet couch, all starred and fringed with silver, BeBS lies. Her toilet has just been made, in obedience to ray lord's order, and Felice, the French .maid, has found that wondrous becoming wrapper of j white and blue silk somewhere amid the many treasures of Nivernois, ssd clothed Bssa's willowy figure in it. There she lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive j as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in her brown eyes. Hre. Heath, the housekeeper, appears with a dainty breakfast on a silver trav, and insists that the young lady must eat"; and Bass rises obediently, and tries to eat the broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to chcke betf. Then she lies down again, sb? feels so tired and weak, and listens, is a languid i wayi to the Sabbath bells chiming in j Moulins, wondering what the poor creatures (at Mount Chateauroux are doing—silent tears of gratitude trickling dowza ber cheeks meanwhile. She is frep, but yet there is a look of regret in her sweet, meek eyes. Sfee hears the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her-old Indian life; she thinks of her father, anS her tears flowiasler. " Ah." she murmurs, despairingly, " if I cculd have geno to B?dmond ! Oh, poor Itsd mond! — Ebfcll I never see him again ?" A quick, buoyant slc-p rings spon the marble tiles without, and there 88 a sharp, impatient rap at the dGor. " Come in," says Bess, languidly,, sr.d St. Aubyn- cater?. He reaches tho couch at a bound, and has the little. passifS ilgu e in his arms. "My poor iittie dove, my p vesicae little, Bess 1" he half sobs, dropping bo§ feisres on her Jrembling mouth end white cheeks. " Gb, to think how I have believed you dead and buried, and how I have mourned tor you! Oh, Bess, Bass, if ycu had some to me from your coffin, it could not seem stranger. I am so happy. Child, what sskea yoa tremble ? Are you afraid i Why. sweet, no harm can reach you here. Yon are mine— mine to love and cherish forever. Bess, look at me; let ms see your swsst eyssj and tell me if you are glad to get bat& to saa again ?" Bess looks up, and meets mesmeric gaze, and a faint flush riees fex A»er waxen cheeks. His eyes have lost none e*.'their old dangerous power. " Yes," she falters, l''S am glad." " And you will do fhecisely as I Oish you, dearest 1" continues fas,. Aubyn. " Yes, my lord." He breaks into a gay i&ugfcj; and covers, her face with caresses. " Then, you demure little nun," he cries, exultantly, " in an hour from now you shall say, not my lord, but my husband. See here, Bess, this is your wedding ring, till— till wtll" he stammers and falters, renumbering that Lady Cassandra bow wears the old St- Aubyn opal, in token of her en gagement to himself—" till I can get the old cn&l; you once wore. It shall be yours yet; but this will do now, in its stead. There is a priest all ready in the house, and we will go before the old Nivernois elter, and be made man and wife, and then, my own love, no earthly power shall part us. Shall it not be so?" A faint sob escape? her, and she looks up I at bim with entreating eyes. " Oh, rhy lard," he falters," you are good and kind, but it must not be—it cannot be. Don't you know that she loves you ?—Lady Cassandra, I mean 1 Don't you know that she parted us, and put me in that dreadful piace. because—because she could not bear to see rne your wife ?" " Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, purple veins starting out on his white brow. " There is no need to remind me of all-the wrong you have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman's hands. Bat the bands of vengeance i3 now at hand. Lady Cassandra's pride shall be humbled in the dust beneath your feet, my darling. I ehslido it, thGugh she were a hundred times my cousin." Bcse starts up, her face white with pain and terror. " Oh, my lord," she gasps, " don't say such terrible things 1 The past is done with now, and I am free. If I can forgive her. surely you can." '•No, Bess, r cannot forgive her. I shall hand her over to be dealt with by the law."' My lord, for shame," cried Bess, with flashing eyes, "and she a woman sprang from the same race! She was foroed into doing what she did by your neglect and im fidelity. She loved you, iny lord, and looked upon you as her promised husband. You should never have deeertedher for me." " Bess 1" exclaims his lordship. " It is the truth, my lord. But it is too late even now to undo all this wrong. You must go back to her, my lord, and be true to her, and tell her that I freely forgive her." "And you, Bess, my c-/-ing?" queries St. Aubyn, with an amused smile on hiB lip.—(To be ton tin tied.) 