The Land of the Alligator. [By MAJORYJANE.] (Written expressly for the Cairns Post.) . The dulcet-toned, I might say high-toned, language of the blacks in this district differs considerably from the common or garden sort spoken by the Myalls of the Barron, Mulgrave and Russell Rivers. For instance gienie kiki (with the accent on the last two, syllables) of the former is the murky equi- valent of the chukient somtombac (with the accent all over the place) of the latter. I give these illustrations in order that your readers may witness the intimate acquain- tance I have with the different dialects of Queensland blacks, which is only equalled, I may modestly assert, by my knowledge of the languages ancient and modern of all the tribes in Australasia. I am now busily en- gaged in compiling a valuable contribution to literature, entitled- "The Comparative and Superlative Vocabulary of the Native Lingoes of the Natives of the Southern Cross. By one on the Square." I do not always get credit for my literary efforts. " Darkest Africa and the Weigh In," is a sore point with me, and Brigand Stanley and I will, in all probability, quarrel when we meet on the Golden Shore. By the way I learn by press wires that my esteemed friend Captain Davis, of H.M.S. Royalist, now in Cairns, had a narrow escape during his recent mission of justice to the Solomon Islands. The natives took him for a missionary and fired at the gallant Captain, who in self defence potted his man. Doctor Twig, who attended the dying warrior, asked him "Why don't you staggered the naval Esculapius-it was as follows:-"Me do like him. Last one me eat he welly tender," and then the dusky son of a gun gave up the ghost, while a smile, sweet as that which oftentimes flickers across the face of a sleeping babe, hovered across his lips, as if conjured there by the sweet reflection. Another item of interest wired here is to the effect that Captain Davis captured and brought away an Island belle. Ah ! virgo infelix, who was dressed charmingly in her own native cos- tume of a large smile, a row of beads and a grass mat. I understand she is still on board the Royalist, being required as a wit- ness in a murder case, but that her costume is now somewhat changed, consisting of a suit of the Captain's pyjamas and one of his old cocked-hats, and other tasty articles of attire. I allude to these facts as it is possible that my services may be required as interpreter. I speak, the language of that particular Island with ease and fluency. Kemerungi, Cambanori, Waltena, Barafali, Ohel, which translated means "The best Hotel at the Barron Falls is George Walton's." Mais, revenens a nos moutons, the report of a cause celebrte in Cairns, Unbehaun v. Unbe hann and Middlemiss, has divided Queens- land's attention with the fact that Cairns has been suffering from the want of rain. It is said that there is no water in the Cairns tanks, and that aqua pura is so precious that the majority of the inhabitants wash in whisky in order to save what remains of the blessed element for drinking purposes only. I have commenced an ode to Aquarius on the subject, commencing : .'The little sprites who sit upstairs. And pour the water unawares, Down people's backs and catch their swears- Which make the angels weep." The remainder will be found in the Syd- ney Bulletin, if your readers require any moral stimulant in order to brace up their mental powers. Thc aristocrats of Brisbane follow with fond delight thc success of the Barron Falls. The wonderful description penned by Archibald Meston, so old and yet so new (the description I mean) still delights the heart and fills the soul with the same extacy as that enchanting the soul of the pilgrim to Mecca, or to the Coat of Treves. I have always been a great admirer of Mr. Meston, and I can well imagine Captain Davis, Lieutenant Buckland, Judge Noel, Mr. Daly, Mr. Payout Reid, and other historical per- sonages, sitting at thc edge of the falls with Meston's Railway Guide Book in one hand, and Meston's description of the Barron Falls in the other, with smiles of bliss on their expressive countenances. The highest compliment ever paid Meston's famous Description was when I designated it lusus nature of the world of letters. And that reminds me that Sir S. W. Griffith once had the unique experience of using the mummified carcase of an aboriginal as a pillow. It was many years ago when the great man was returning from Herber- ton to Cairns in company with Mr.'Miles. They had reached Riverstone and night was coming on (the Knight had not come yet), and the honourable Samuel and Mr. Miles were miles away from Cairns, and they determined to camp at Alley's. In those days the present comfortable hostelry was not, and a tent containing two stretchers was. But, alas! the tent had lodgers. Phil Garland and his mate' were enjoying that repose which is the reward only of honest toil and consciences devoid of offence. They also were journeying from Herberton to the coast, Phil's charge being a sweet little mummy of high degree, which he had stolen in his wanderings, intending to for- ward it to the British Museum. Not having a pillow Phil had doubled up the native princess and placed her under the blanket for head raising purposes, and had already dozed off when the genial old Charley Alley, the host, awakened Phil from his slumbers. Phil (a good old Griffith man) got up at once, declaring he would roost up a tree to oblige the liberal leader. Phil and his mate went away, and Griffith and Miles turned in, Phil entirely overlooking his defunct lubra. Perhaps be had been "lubricating." But in the morning Phil thought of his treasure, and abruptly enter- ing the "apartment" of the Honourable Sam, anxiously enquired if they had seen such a thing as a corpse knocking about. Mr. Miles, at this alarming enquiry, made a bolt for the scrub, where he was discovered next day babbling of railway contracts for Cairns and Herberton, while Griffith sat upright and, nicely adjusting his pince-nez calmly enquired " What corpse? "My corpse," said Phil, "My corpse of high degree." "Ah, here it is" he continued, as he dragged it from where the Premier's noble cranium had been resting. Phil took away his property in silence, and as the Premier dropped off again to sleep he was heard to mutter-"I think Phil was right, she was of "high" degree." G.T. B. 