THE CUCKOO AND - THE SPAItROW, . Iii an article " Concerning the Cuckoo in Lonymarfs Mwjazhte, an interesting account is given of the cuckoo's well known, and seldom seen,' performance. The surprising and exceptional nature of this phenomenon, and in some measure also the difficulty of accepting the ex planation usually given of the origin . of the instinct in the young bird, must he held to account for the disposition shown to accept accounts of it with reserve. One of the most graphic sketches of : the occurrence by an eye-witness is that in Mi.- Gould's " Birds of Great Britain." The account of Mrs Blackburn, who watched the movement; of -the young cuckoo, is full of interest. The nest under observation was that of the common meadow-pipet; and it had at first two eggs in it besides that of the cuckoo. "At one visit," continues Mrs Blackburn, " the pipets were found to be hatched, but not the cuckoo. At the next visit whicliwas aftcr. au interval of forty eight hours, we found the yormg cuckoo alone in 'the nest, and both the young pipets lying down the liank, ■ about ten inches from the margin of the nest, hut quite lively after being warmed in the hand. They were replaced in the nest beside the cuckoo, Which strug gled about until it got its back under one .of "them, when it climbbd backwards directly up the open side of the nest, and hitched the pipct from its back on to the edge. It then stood quite upright on its legs, which were straddled wide apart, with the claws firmly, fixed half way. down the inside : of the nest, among the interlacing fibres of which the nest was woven, and, stretching its legs apart and backwards, it elbowed the pipet fairly' over the margin so far that its'struggles took it down the bank in stead of back into the nest. After, this the cuckoo stood a minute or two,feeling back with its wings, as if to make sure that the pipet was fairly overboard, and then subsided into the bottom of the nest." The ejected bird was replaced, but ou again visiting the nest on the fol lowing morning both pipets were found dead out of the nest. " Mrs Blackburn continues :—" Thc cuckoo was perfectly naked, without the vestage of a feather, or even a hint of future feathers ; its eyes were not yet opened, and its neck seemed too weak to support the weight of its head. . The most singular thing of: all was the direct purpose with which the [ blind little monster made for the open side of the nest, the only part where it could throw its burthen down the hank, I think all the spcctetors felt the sort . of horror and awe at- the ■ apparent, inader quacy of the creature's intelligence to its acts that'oue might have felt at sec-^ iug a toothless hag raise a ghost by an incantation. It was horribly ..uncanny, and gruesome." -t 