A STRANGE SECRET. It. was late one night that I was suddenly summoned to attend a stranger who lay dying at a neighbouring inn. As soon as I saw the livid, hvg..ard face I knew there was no hope for him. He had a swarthy face, like an Italian, lit by dark, piercing eyes, and his forehead was painfully marked with rigid lines left by prolonged mental sufferings. I was about to administer an opiate, when he thrust aside my hand impatiently. 1 I want you to hear my confession first,' he ex -claimed: ' I shall detain you but a moment.' S ,IsIam-il sri , ??ot a clergymr,' I replied - Sgeutlt. 'levertheless, I begyou tohear me,' he persisted. ' Quick ! quick ! there is no time to loose,' his eyes lashing with a fitful, lurid lustre. For one in his condition ` humouring' was the best treatment. So. first seeing that the door was securely closed, 1 sat down to wait till the delusion be was under as to the nature of my office had run its course. ' I shall not trouble you with a long history,' he began. ' In my early life 1 was a soldier, and a brave one, I may add without boasting; for had I not vowed to win fame and rank for the sake of one of Italy's fair daughters who had secretly pledged me her love! Such an incentive would have inspired courage even in a coward's breast; but the Castellos were never cowards I ' At last I felt that I might. without blushing, present myself before Giuletta's relatives and openly clim her hand. Impatient of every moment's delay, I flew'to lay my hard-won honours at her feet. But, alas ! what tidings awaited me I In my absence Giuletta's family had forced her to marry a dissalute young noble, who coveted her fortune, not herself. She survived the cruelty but a little season, for within a month she drooped and died, the victim, 1 doubted not, of a brokenheart. ' I would have hurried back to the fields and sought death there, but the war was over. The church offered another refuge from the world, now grown insupportable. I became a priest, and in time an attace of one of the great aethedrals. One night I entered a confessional facing one of the outer aisles, that I might be ready to hear, was, as my custom, any chance penitent who might come, as many did, to disburden his conscience under cover of the darkness. ' Several came and went, and when, at last, at a late hour. I was on the point of retiring, believing my work finished, a step approached and entered the compartment on the other side of the lattice. Of course my lips are sealed against revealing what I then jeard. At the close the patient started to withdraw. A quick movement brought me to his side. Seizing his arm I turned him round suddenly to face me. We stood in the aisle, in the dim light of one of the large windows. I threw back my cowl He recoiled, shivering, as if he had seen a ghost. * ' Luigi Castello I' he gasped. ' ' Aye ! Loii Castello !' I echoed. \- ' Is it your purpose to denounce me ! he asked, in a voice that was tremalous with terror. S'a What I have heard I have heard under the seal of my sacred o ice,: I replied; 'I dare not disclose.' He breathed more freely. ' ' I have given you absolution,' I continued, as my eyes, attracted by a sparkling light, fell on the jewelled hilt of a dagger at his girdle. ' 'I humbly thank you, father.' he muttered. " * As far as lies within the power of the church, you are now prepared to die,' Iadded. ' Heaven grant !' he replied. ' ' Amen !' I answered, and snatching the dagger from his belt I sheathed it in his heart.' The last words was uttered almost in a shriek, the sick stranger fell back insensible. The restoratives I administered only brought partial return of consciousness, and before the sun had set the troubled spirt was at rest. Some years later, in travelling through Italy, I was shown in one of the great cathedrals the spot where the body of a nobleman had been found one morning pierced through the heart with his own stiletto. ' He was a very wicked man,' said the old guide, ' suspected by many of having poisoned his young wife, whom he had married for her money.' The guide remembered, too, a melancholy young priest who had disappeared shortly after, none knew whither,-baut it was evident the circumstances had never been associated with the nobleman's death, which was commonly attributed to suicide. Jarliamentary.-' I rise for information,' said the freshman at the debating club. ' Glad you did,' replied the president ; ' you need it.' Approved of It. - Young man-' Yes, 1 can mimic anybody. Did you ever see me take your daughter off ! O'd Gentleman - ' No ; but I'd like to.' Successful.-' Well. did the boys enter into the spirit r·.f h- occasion ?' ' ?o ; but the spirit of the c: ?: r :,t .,. ". boy?--thirteen gallkn9 cf it.' 