THE CENTENARY OF JOHN WESLEY'S DEATH. On Sunday, March 1, m most of the Wesleyan Churches in this colony references were made to the centenary of John Vfealey's death, the celebration of which will be observed this week. The Rev. H. T. Burgess, President of the Conference, preached in the Archer-strieet Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening from Jfaiah lv. 6 and 7—"Seek ye the Lord while He may be found; call ye upon Him while He is near," &a; In the course of his sermon he said:—Preaching the Gospel is God's appointed method of saving the world. Every great and permanent religious awakening has been wrought by this agency. The revival of last century with which the name of John Wesley is so closely associated was no exception. It was brought about by the proclamation of truths that were not new, but which had been neglected and well nigh forgotten. Whoever would set out to ascertain its character, and how it cpjne to pass that its results were so blessed and abiding, must pay due regard to this fundamental fact. John Wesley had no ambition to be the leader of a party, but he had a passion for saving souls which constrained him to preach saving truths. The Spirit of God wrought with the Word, making it abundantly fruitful. That word retains au its original pewer and the same divine blessing accompanied it still, of which the vitality and expansiveness, the past history and present position of the Methodist Church, afford abundant proof. The passage selected is interesting, because it was the text of Wesley's last sermon preached at Leatherhead on February 23, 1791, but still more so because by a singular _ and beautiful coincidence it either embodies or suggests the principal doctrines that had proved so powerful during his long career. It iurnishes a remarkably complete summary of the great fundamental truths John Wesley taught, which were so largely blessed to the salvation of sinners, and to which his followers still tenaciously hold. It shows that religion does not consist merely in ecclesiastical relations, but is a matter of individual experience that men are responsible for working out their personal salvation, the universality of the divine love for mankind, and the danger to which those who neglect their duty and opportunities are exposed. The truth that religion is a moral question involving not only a man's Church relations, but his moral character and his relations with God, though familiar now to all evangelical Christendom, was not so a hundred and fifty years ago. A man might be a good Churchman then andyetknownothingof Christianity but its name. It was sufficient for him that he had been baptized and confirmed, and provided he paid his dues he commonly had no idea that anything more was required of him. Men who were evil livers, drunkards, and profane were admitted to the Lord's Table when they chose to come, and it is notorious that sometimes even those who administered in sacred things indulged in the grossest immorality and vice. The result was a most deplorable condition in both Church and State. From Court to hovel, among the clergy and the laity, there was woful disregard of moral obligations. Virtue, truth, honour, sobriety were at a perilously low ebb. The whole head was sick, and the whole heart was faint. The only remedy was such preaching as that of John the Baptist, which denounced sin in high places or" low with uncompromising fidelity. John Wesley began his ministry on similar lines. A striking element in his preaching was hisdeclaration of the necessity of repentance. He called upon the wicked to "forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts." One of the first texts he preached from after his return from Germany was "Except ye be' converted and become as little children ye cannot enter into the Kingdom of Heaven." Another was " The Scripture hath concluded all under sin." Such preaching as this cut to the heart and prepared-the way for the comforting assurance that God was ready to pardon. One L of its effects was to shut Wesley out of the' Chi'xihes, and compel him to form Societies: which necessarily developed into a Church! organized on New Testament principles. In framing the rules for these Societies the same fixed principle was given the most prominentplace. The one condition required of those who sought to enter - them was a desire to flee from the wrath to come, and to _ be saved from their sins. It was emphatically stated that those who continued' in tiiom were expected not only to conform to certain regulations but to exhibit the evidence" of a changed experience and character.- Equally emphatic was the announcement that religious joy was based on conscious peace with God and that an assurance of sins forgiven was the privilege of all believers. The men. whom Wesley chose for his fellow-helpers were! not selected because they had complied with ecclesiastical requirements, but because they had experienced the converting graoe of God. The experimental side of religion,' indeed, _ was a distinguishing feature of the _ entire Methodist economy throughout all its departments and in all its operations. It is proper that at this time such a characteristic should receive distinct recognition, and that there should be a renewed perception of its paramount importance. There' is still no small danger less the mechanical, observance of certain forms should take the' place of vital piety. It needs to be reiterated with unabated emphasis that it is not enough tohave an external connection with the visible: Church, but that in order to seek salvation the' wicked man must forsake his way and the un-i righteous man his thoughts, sincerely turning! to God that he may find mercy and abundant: pardon. A . second prominent element in John Wesley's preaching was his insistence on human responsibility in the matter of per-' sonal ealvation. This also is clearly set forth' in the text, which shows that the enjoyment of' spiritual blessings is contingent on compliancewith certain conditions. Men must " seek the. Lord with earnest desire, call upon Him in earnest prayer, turn from their sins and return' to God. The spiritual deadness in the Churches of Great Britain in Wesley's time' was in some measure due to the erroneous, views held on these subjects by theologians of; certain schools. Exalting the sovereignty of' God, thev denied the free agency of man, rep-, resented his salvation or otherwise as fixed by ; eternal decree, and thus developed the belief' that it was altogether outside individual, control. Thus, while religious life was deadened by a lax morality in some! quarters it was stunted in others by the freezing atmosphere these doctrines diffused. There were, of course, ^some earnest souls who Eought and found the Saviour in spite of all discouragements, and who lived a godly life notwithstanding their surroundings, but the circumstances were totally unfavourable to the development of that sense of personal obliga-' tion which must be felt by every anxious enquirer. Wesley taught that repentance was an act of man as well as a grace of God, that it was the duty as well as the privilege of every man to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ for the salvation of his soul, that he was accountable to God for the right use of all his opportunities and capabilities, and that if condemned at all it would not be as the result of an inscrutable decree but because of his own impenitence and neglect. From such suggestive, passages as "What must I do to be saved." lie declared the whole counsel of God In this respect with such convincing force that multitudes with streaming tears reechoed the enquiry, and obeyed the direction to " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ." It is difficult for us to realize the influerce thus exerted on the religious thought of the nation. It has oon-> tributed to making preaching practical instead of dogmatic; direct and definite instead of Prague and uncertain; and substituted in innimers≤ instances plain dealing with the nearts and consciences of sinners for unprofitable attempts to explore the inscrutable Mysteries of God. Another cardinal truth tr, whi c h John Wesley gave especial promin^oe was the universality of God's love for J^uikind and its practical exhibition. A Harrow theology had limited the redemptiv^ work of Christ, and consequently the benefits of his sacrifice to a chosen few. Cfeincidently with this erroneous doctrine there was a prevalent delusion that certain classes of men, such as the negroes who were held in slavery and the down trodden masses of the population, either had no souls at all or were excluded from the covenant of grace. The effect was a general disregard of the claims^ of humanitv as such and no just appreciation of the dignity and value of the individual man. The educated and wealthy ignored alike the example of _ Christ and the pleadings of charity, while multitudes of those who needed the gospel most lived and died in ignorance that it had any message for them. It is little wonder that the proclamation of free and boundless benevolence sent a thrill through the hearts of clustering thousands at Kingswood, at Blackheath, at Moor-i fields, and many other places. It came like a new revelation when depraved men and women were told that God was willing to have mercy upon them; that He had sent His Son Jesus to die for them, and that if they would turn from their 6ins He would abundantly pardon. Wesley's teaching on these subjects involved him in protracted polemic controversy, the effect of which has been to modify the entire syetem of what is now regarded as orthodox theology. In this strife many of his associates, and notably Fletcher, of Maaeley, took a more active part than was possible for him with his incessant engagement in other directions. The controversy is now practically dead. Calvinism as it was then preached has been compared to a granite boulder in the bed of a winter torrent—never seen except in very dry weather. What Joseph C-ook called the preachable theology of Methodism has influenced all the Churches. God is represented as the loving father of all His creatures, sincerely desiring their salvation, and Jesus Christ as their Redeemer, whose mission on earth was to bring them to God. Times are wonderfully changed since John Wesley's mother told him in 1739 that till a short time previously she had scaroe beard such a thing mentioned as the having forgiveness of sins now, much less did she imagine that this was the common privilege of all true bel ievers. Throughout evangelical Christendom the love of God is not merely preached as a necessary attribute of deity, but as a personal consciousness that every one .may possess. Believers are encouraged to erpecc and exhorted to confess an assurance that their sins are forgiven. The Christian life is notj shadowed by gloomy uncertainty as to whether after all it will end in disappointment, but brightened by the sunshine of certain reconciliation with God and a joyful hope of Heaven. _ While the passage before us contains cheering intimations of Divine loving kindness it also cautions against presuming on Divine forbearance. God must besought "while He may be found, "and called upon " while He is near," or He may never be found at alL There is a tendency in modern times to obscure or deny the limitation of the day of grace. In some instances there is a manifest rebound from the idea of a God in whom love for sinners is less conspicuous than displeasure against sin to that of a being in whom such displeasure has practically no place at all. Parental tenderness is exaggerated into parental weakness, and represented as accomplishing what is a moral impossibility-^such treatment of wilful sin that it shall have no penal consequences whatever. It is a delusion, and those who cherish it deceive themselves, while those who proclaim it cannot wonder if their hearers, remain impenitent and unconcerned. From this pernicious error the preaching of the Wesleys and their associates was entirely free. George Whitfield preached a thousand times from the text "Ye must be born again/' and Wesley's trumpet gave no uncertain sound. On all the points referred to John Wesley and those who ca^e under bis commanding ihflu-. ence drew their inspiration directly from the volume of Divine revelation. They had tested .the truths they preached in their own experience, and they recognised their dependence for success on the presence and power of the Hjly Ghost. Thus their speech and their preaching was " not with enticing words of man s wisdom but in demonstration of the spirit and with power." In conserving the harvest they were privileged to reap they sought the Divine guidance and did not seek it in vain, They were led step by step in a way that they had neither known nor chosen, and they freely confessed "this is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes," Refusing to be bound by human restrictions, but following the indications of Divine Providence, and sustained by a passionate enthusiasm for the salvation of souls, they were instrumental as Divine agents in accomplishing a work which no opposition could neutralize and against which even the " gate of bell shall not prevail." The review of what God has done by the agency of Methodism during the last hundred years may fill us with gratitude, and a survey of its position impress us with a sense of its grave responsibility. No clearer proof could be desired of the Divine favour than is thus afforded,' and that favour will not be withdrawn from the Methodist Church while it is faithful to its mission. So long as it continues to uphold the. great truths embodied in the text, and to' justify the description given of it by the famous Thomas Chalmers, as " Christianity in earnest" it will multiply more and more. We devoutly echo the dying words of John Wesley repeated over and over again—a hundred years ago to-day—" The best of all is God is with us," and if He be for us who can be against us. At the Kent Town Wesleyan Church the Rev. R. S. Casely preached in the morning, choosing as_ his text 1 Corinthians, x. 3-4 —"Ana did all eat the same spiritual meat," &c.; Following a brief introduction Mr. Casely remarked that Christ had been in all ages the head of the Church, the source of all good to mankind—in earlier times the Church embraced not only the godly among the chosen people, but those also "who in every nation feared God and wrought righteousness;" that the Church of God cannc-t be restricted within any existing ecclesiastical boundaries. Whether m the Church of Rome or of England only those are members of " the Church" who drink water from the spiritual rock and eat the true bread, which cometh down from heaven. These are members, wherever they are found. That the provision made by God in the wilderness to meet the wants of His chosen people in its suitability, its abundance, and in its divine origin, was an illustration of the nature and the wealth of blessing coming to all believers through the gift of Christ. Mr. Casely then proceeded to say that on the supreme point or doctrine Methodism had not departed at all from its standards. In discipline it had kept strictly within its boundaries in all that was essential to the maintenance of its Church responsibilities. In its aims it was absolutely the same, seeking to spread {scriptural holiness throughout the. land. Methodism never had been a pertinacious opponent of the Anglican Church; its mistake had been in exactly the opposite direction—it had been too differential. Referring to the " schism" the preacher quoted the following respecting the separate development of Methodism:—"Wesley not only pointed but paved the way to all that bad since been done, and the utmost divergence of Methodism from the Church of England at this day is but the prolongation of a line the beginning of which was traced by Wesley's own - hand. There is neither sin nor properly understood schism in the case, unless it be that the sin of persecution and proscription may be chargeable on some of the ministers and people In the years that had passed since Wesley's death Methodists had abundant proof of' Dmne approval; it was still true, " The best of all is God is with us." It was still their duty to follow their founder's direction, " to preach repentance, faith, and holiness; the first the way to religion; the second the gate of it; the third religion itself." Whilst as Methodists, they desired to be the friends of all, the enemies of none, they still, amid evil report and good, hoped to carry on with yet greater success the work for which God had raised them up, and in doing which they had in the past been greatly blessed. 