A GHOST AT THE WINDOW. B would seem (says England and the Union that Galway is not going to be behindhand in the matter of belief in the supernatural, judging from the state of excitement created a few nights ago by the rumour that a ghost had made its appearance at one of the windows of a house in Abbey gate-street, directly opposite the sacristy of the Pro-Cathedral of St. Nicholas. This house, it must be mentioned, was lately occupied by a woman who died after a very short illness. Since her death it became tenanted by another person, but from some cause or other the last-mentioned left, and the place remained unoccupied till last week. Then it was taken by another woman. On the night it was occupied some children were passing to attend devotions at the chapel, when they say they observed a sort of unusual light in the house, and a woman standing near the open window, who, in a sepulchral voice, said, " Offer one prayer for me." Some of the children fainted on the spot, and this caused others going to the devotions to inquire into the cause. The tale of the spectre at the window spread like <"!Q' fire, and in a quarter of an hour no less than 2000 persons had congregated outside the haunted house. The streets, on each side became blocked. The crushing and jostling to get a glimpse at the " visitor from the other world" was such as has never been equalled in Galway. Several persons, were thrown down and trampled upon, and it was with the greatest difficulty a strong force of police, after about three hours' incessant labour, succeeded in clearing the street! sufficiently to allow pedestrians and cars to pass. The tram-cars were even compelled to stand still in the streets. The following nights the same state of things have prevailed, but up to the present the real cause of the rumour has not been satisfactorily explained. Several ver- sions of what the object really was that created such a sensation are given, but the adult poor tion of the community say that fifty years ago there was also " something seen in the house, it having been the scene of a most brutal murder namely, the assassination of a woman named Maxwellbyher husband. From the description now given of the late apparition by the children. who say they saw it, the older people say I a one and the same ghost, which has to put in? alternate half centuries in this world and the other. The police are stationed near the place, where four streets meet, and it is advancing they can do to keep the curious from congregating. It is most surprising that amongst his class are to be found some of the most respectable and it might be expected, enlightened people in the town, both male and female, we strangest thing of all is that, notwithstanding the thousands who congregate nightly, noticed even the police-have the courage to try a. unravel the mystery. 