B0TJITD HAIOJ AJrfi Fdife BY THE- V ' AUTHOR OF 'THE MAID OF THE MAfeBLE HEAET/' &c;, &c.; [AliL MGHTS EESEBVE©.] [Commenced in the Etekhtg News of Saturday, Sept. 26J PABT L CHAPTER X.— At Bay. It was a winter's afternoon ; light, soli tary flakes of snow fell, as they had been falling for an hour or two, from a filmy, steel-blue sky on to the hard road, and, as I looked out of the window of my$little studio on the hurrying passers-by, I I eighed. I Some of them — so many 'of them— were I thittly clad and pinched -with cold. [ People in prosperous circumstances are I apt to invent and eager to endorse pretty I Bentiments about light-hearted poverty, and I the whistling ways of want. , But poverty I ? genteel poverty, vulgar poverty, any I poverty — looks a bitter realism, on a winter's I day to an old, penniless artist, who has a I fragile daughter that may soon be without I a home in one of the biggest and richest I cities of the world* I So I was musing while I worked, when I 1 was roused by the stopping of wheels at I the door. Then I saw Algernon Brink 1 lough gaily alight, and, dismissing the I hansom, step to the door in all the attrac I -fciye comfort of a hooded overcoat, drab I gaiters, and fur-lined gloves of fashionable I tan. ? ? ' ? i § Five minutes later, having removed his I gloves, he stirred the fire in my room, I seated himself in the easiest chair in his 1 easiest manner, and set himself, after some I affable introductory prattle, to acquaint i me with the motive of his visit. I ' Yes,' said Mr. Brinklough ; ' I sup 1 pose you have wondered once or twice I what the deuce I mean by slipping so sud I denly into affluent circumstances. Well, I what do I mean ? I ' My dear Willersley, money is a means I to an end. What end? Usually, more I money. That is my idea at present. I am I spending money — spending it pretty I freely — to profit by it ; I'm casting it upon I the water. Ha ! ha ! ha ! I'm in for a I fortune. Now do you take me ?' I ' No ; indeed I don't.' I ' The deuce you don't ! My dear Wil 1 lersley, matrimony ! matrimony 1 I'm I nearly played out. I've suffered too much I for want of capital. ? This hand-to-mouth I existence begins to lose its charms. I'm I 30, and I'm going to settle down — 1 settle down ; and then, very naturally, 1 settle up.' I ' Well !' I put it carelessly. I ' Yes ! I'm getting tired of being out of I a berth, so I'm going to get one — a snug I one j you might call it a crib ; in fact, a I villa residence with someone annexed to it I — someone who will call me ' dear Algie,' i and very likely coax'me into being a highly 1 respectable stockbroker.' I «« How do you like the picture ? Eh ! I You'll wish me joy ? Of course you wilL i For the first thing I shall do will be to tear f§ up that promissory note, and get those ? pictures returned. I begin now to want I that off my mind as much as you do, then I I shall settle down as a sound city man, I and your very estimable friend.' 1 ' Yes,' said I. ' I wish you joy — who's I the lady?' I ' Oh ! she's a rare girl, and not Iboo I knowing. I hate your clever girls. She I adores me and hates her guardian — old 1 Bag worth. You know him. She'll be 1 21 in four months. And when a I girl will drive with you in a hansom, light I your cigarette, and tell you it's glorious, I you'd think things were approaching a I satisfactory climax, wouldn't you?' I ' Old Bagworth's ward, do you say ? I That girl with a long — with rather an in 1 teresting face. Why, I understand she I will be worth £15,000.' 1 'Every penny. But why didn't you I make the remark you were going I to? She has rather along face, but then I she's a jolly long purse to match it.' I ' Just so, just so; but she has rather an I interesting face, too.' I ' My dear Willersley, she has a face so I interesting, and she is altogether, indeed, ? bo engrossing that I'm puzzling iny brains ? every minute to keep up the part I've ? begun to play, and ask that interesting ? lady to assume the interests of Mrs. Brink 1 lough.' I 'Yes.' ? ' Now you know my cards, and I want B money. Lord ! you've no idea what a ? receptacle love ia for ready money. Talk B about a man engaged saving money to set ? up house. If I were to devote my savings ? to that object, I should have to' set up ? house on unpaid bills. The fact of it is, B Willersley, we mus t sell a couple of those ? pictures, and buy them in again after the B marriage at double their value, if needs be ? — yes, or at treble.' I A jear ago, had Brinklough suggested a ? step so repugnant to my sense of right, and ? bo much beyond what I intended to comply B 'with, I should have made him. acquainted B 'with my opinions at once, and probably in B a very uncomplimentary way. ' B Not so now. I hesitated a moment, and B then remarked — ? ' It would never do ; we should be B getting into irreparable difficulties.' fl But this verbatim repetition of our con-. B versation is unnecessary and tedious. After I a good deal of fencing, seemingly playful, B and one or two covert insinuations, Mr. ? Brinklough gave up the bantering style of ? persuasion, and looked serious. ? 'The fact of it is then, Mr. Willersley, ? you must really turn izp that £300, I ? can't get on without it.' B ' But where am I to (get i$ from. ?' ? ' Where the deuce you like. :% , can'* get I on -without it. And you. are. bo obstinate I to any reasonable suggestion, li'e aValid I promissory note on demand; and I shall I enforce payment.' ~ I ' You'll take the furniture and turn us I into the street ?' I 'If you make me, I will. * ,. ..' . I ' Very well then, you must j: Jbut I*m I afraid £150 will be the outsio^r-?alue--tnd I of course you will return J» -j^e:iny pwo. I paintings. They 'are good copies,; and I when the signature is ??pamteji-;:-''|6^|¥.!&B3r;' I might sell for £30.': - .' ?'-'.. VD-^MM^ 'Don't talk like a f ool^ ^WiliCTS^; I What about Gertrude ? ThoB^^p^^E|i||f)fe I -d ? A--a at.aitA 1ik« a. baljuaoe y&y1fc;& $o %& ie^urned- 5n-1a^3^fi^T«E^wpii'^i3^n?iJ- the^? '?Ma^aib^iirlr^^llf^Mlo'' ;knbw.»- ?; ? i^0f^:-:^:S K?K;- ?c Gertrude is nd# Jearniiig fi^c own; ; living' (God ;ft^^;a^':^^t^iwVW. most dangerous ; o£* f als^hoods- -at lie that w^s only half a lie--ia ... dimfeult matter to; fight)* 'Gertrude is jfe&riilng; her own living, and I— -well, I feel that I cannot live very long in any cas&** ? ' Then I'm to put iae nbte in circuia tioa?' ' . v ' Why, yes, Mr. Brinklough, if you insist upon it ; and I must Bee Mrs. Silver sides myself. Of course, I won't do anything to criminate you if I can help it ; but I must have those pictures returned and the others defaced before 1 die, 'whatever -it costs.' 'You. see Mrs. Silversicl.es ? You got those pictures back. You. criminate me? I should like to eee you ! The fact of it is, Mr. Willersley, you're mad. You've ruined yourself over a silly, simpering, thieving woman. You've ignored every opportunity of getting your money back frofri the thieves who took it. You've requited all mj efforts to set you up again with insults, and now you're going to break your daughter's heart, throw her on the world, and go to the deuce. And you njay go ! I shall put that' note in circulation to morrow.' Here Algernon Brinklough seized his hat and gloves and bounced out of the room. In the same second he put his head in at the door again. ' Do you hear ? It is your last chance. I shall put that note in cir culation to-morrow.' v My head was bent in shame and burning anger. I did not answer. If I had made one movement from that attitude of agon ised silence it would have been to seize my tormentor by the throat and hurl him out of the room, or try to do so. Thus for a second we remained, and then the door was banged to with an oath j and Algernon Brinklough, with a fouler lep rosy than the Syrian nobleman's, but without any wish to be cleansed, went away in a rage. CHAPTER XL — An Ajtebnoon's NlGHTaJtA&E;* , As the reverberations of that clanging oath sunk away in a death-like silence, I realised that I was alone. The ominous meaning of Brinklough's reiterated words, *? your last chance,' began to dawn upon me in their cold literal mean ing. Ruin ! Whatever evil came to him — j perhaps none — for his machinations were profound, it would be ruin to me, and torture, perhaps death, to Gertrude. Gertrude. What had I said about her ? She was earning her^own living. What a I living ! She was .put at that very moment j giving one of her few miserably paid-for j drawing lessons — an undertaking which] was no hobby now, as it had been in the j old days, when she gave them in her own. j little studio. And what should I have to tell her when she returned ? All my fabric of deceit and 'mock cheer- - fulness had collapsed at one blow. How could I look her in the face and tell her all ; and yet all — yes, my basest actions had been done for her. r - j As these thoughts and many Hke them ] rushed into my mind, I rose up and paced wearily up and down the room, ever and again taking rfrom my pocket and putting it back again the keyr of the forbidden drawer which , contained the opium — that alluring nepenthe I had now resisted for months. . .. : , My own character, which of late years I have been driven to. examine, (in days gone by I never dreamed of such .a thing j, greatly perplexes me. I have found out that I am one of the weakest of. men, but as the mighty Achilles was only to be ; wounded in the heel, so I, have found there is one spot, and only -; one,-, .where - I. can not be .assailed. When I think of my daughter, Gertrude, I can .resist anything. Would to heaven I had thought of her in a wiser fashion, when Algernon Brink lough first began to compass my rufti with Gertrude's name, as the fatal charm to draw me on. . That afternoon I had promised Gertrude,' as I promised her every . time she said ' good-bye,' even for an hour, that I would not touch the opium. So closely was I protected, and bo% powerful was this pro tection, that I was already fast losing the craving which I had so suddenly acquired, when Gertrude was yet ignorant of its terrible effect. But, this afternoon, as I looked for the tenth time at the key of the drawer which contained the drug, the temptation became almost irresistible. ~ At last I took out the tumbler, and poured out as large a dose as I had ever taken o'f the fatal fluid. « I will tell Gertrude that I was ill'— I was ill—' that I had to, take it or suffer . agony '-:— I was in agony. But no — that quiet, patient face, beau tiful with its mute upbraidings, rose before me when I raised, the glass ; I put it down, and again paced madly backwards and forwards in the little room, till my head reeled. ' ? ' Then a stranger, darker thought came over me. To drink it all, every drop there was — there was more £han enough — and hurry out in the streets, out beyond the suburb where we lived, towards a house, almost the only house I visited, the house of a brother painter, and on iihe way, in a quiet bramble-strewn lane, fall down and sleep for ever! , What would it mean ? A. stab -of un« beatable, but not abiding, anguish to one loving soul ; a consultation between three remi&ent; doctors, all -of whom expected me to die in this way j a qty.et,-formal inquest j perhaps the coroner might say there was no need for an inquest 5 a verdict of death from heart disease ; -and, ihen- — oh, heavens 1 — *-if ghosts can see and hear, a white, anguished tear-stained face j eyes tfeat -would burn with fiercer burning than any hell into my tortured aonl ; and a cry that ' would never die away — ** Father 1 father 1 father!' With the agony ^©f this xiry ringing verily in my fcrain I threw eveniihe small quantity I had poured, ont on to the fire, locked up the vest of the accursed drug, put the key in my packet^ and staggered, almost fell, with exSattition, kuen&al; and physical, into any «hflir- nttaSciy prostrate. A .merciful reaction set In, and ijbhfnk I slept ; &t; any ?ate I lapsed into somiacon soiousnesi j my mi&d; weadttted 1»&ik1-oia;# lane^IbeHeveit was that very Ian© asBobi ated with the awful tragedy 3 ust enacted in my. mind. '?'''. . -:- \~--'^--~y*-^:ri-'^rC:r?.S- '??'.-'?-?'?-? ;;J ''\\--;' ing into a shop' .window wtth longing eyes. Then it ceased to be Gertrude, and was a little child, standing before an open door, and taking a piece of bread. The next moment it was a friend of Gtertrule's —-a Mary Featherweight s a fragile creature, with a white face, alwars dressed in black. She had once known iar more luxury, if not more ease, than Ger trude, and was now a drudge under the name of governess in the large family of a dissenting minister. She was posting a letter. Her hand w^as raised to the pillar, when she withdrew the; envelope — a large white one— and began to kiss it. Then I saw the envelope was a white handkerchief, which she held to ? her face, sobbing violently. I The next moment she : was fainting in the midst of a crowd, and people were ask ing—' Who is it ? who is it ?* ? I remember feeling intensely thankful it was not Gertrude, and with, that sen sation I relapsed again into unconsci ousness. ? . . , - .T, . , ? , . . ,' How long I remained with my eyes closed and that pleasant apathy in my brain I do not know. But X xemembex the waking. ? ' ' - It was nearly dark. The fire having burnt Hollow and then fallen in was leap ing and flickeringi^ith new life -when, with the sudden glow that fell on the pictures round me, and on. the .faded ruby velvet of the old lay figure that, stared before me, there came a light step, a light xippliug laugh, and a , pair : of light love-seeking hands were on my shoulders pretending to shake me. . ' You dear old pet^ you were asleep. There! (She kissed me.) Did your dream* bring you anything better than that?' ' Gertrude ! Ah, aBleep, was I P' ' Yes, just like you. Idliag and sleep ing while I've been working, and I'm ill, and dispirited, and tired. Don't 1 look like it?' Did she look like it F Depressed, ill, fragile ! At . that moment she looked as blythe and hale as an Arcadian shepherd ess. *? Ifa, rhylove, yon look pretty well.*1 'Oh, the weather is delightful, and everybody looked so brisk and fresh j but I felt gajer than anybody. Do you know, papa, I am, now actually earning 15s a week, and everybody is so kind to me. I might be -quite clever, and someone of importance. When I came home I felt so glad at . everything. I could hardly keep my joy till I got to you, and wanted to kiss somebody there and then. As luck would have it I met Mary Featherweight, and I kissed her, yes, in the street. Poor Mary ! she is so sweet and good, and so poor. I wish she could paint or do some thing. She's so dependent. See, I've bought this little brooch for her. Isn't it a gem? And steel is so fashionable. It was 7 s 6d, only think of that.' *' Yes, love, I saw her go in the Bhop.' ' Saw Mary ? Then you've been out. But Mary didn't buy it.' She doesn't know anything about it yet.' ' No, no, my dear, I think I'm not quite awake yet. I mean, I fancied I caw you go in for it. I knew you'd buy her one after what you said — and what nave you brought for me, dear ?' ?« For you ? What I always bring — what is not to be given to anyone else — my little, foolish self. There 1 (That was another kiss.) ? Tea will be ready in 10 minutes, and after that I am going to make you -sit and talk to me for an hour, at least, about my * career.' ' - , That same evening while we were at tea the post brought me a note from Algernon Brinklough. I had felt it almost impossible to chill Gertrude's ardor by a sudden recital of the woes in store ; and up to this moment had listened and talked in a somewhat ab stracted way, a mood she was not unused to, while she chatted and smiled in the brightest spirits. But when this note was handed to me, and I recognised the writing, I felt as a man might feel when he sees his death warrant. Further procrastination seemed impossible, I was strangely mistaken. The note proved to be a reprieve — one that startled me and fitted me with, new forebodings, yet a reprieve 1 Here it is — Dear Mr. Willersley,— -I must apologierfor the little outburst of temper ftV»« afternoon. Your extreme obstinacy in ignoring what seemed tome the wisest means to attain our ends so irritated me that I talked very wildly — said tilings which, of course, you know I never meant. 1 think now th/it what I proposed would be the wisest course for us to pursue; but if you are still dead set against a temporary sale I must give in to yonr superior wisdom (you know what I mean, your idiotic Bcruples), as I've done before, and fall back on another plan. This - plan I'll drop in and discuss with you to-morrow afternoon. I'm afraid you'll adopt it rather too eagerly; it is that that made me prefer the sale, for though you don't give me credit for it, I think a good deai^,bout yonr peace of .mind. ' Mum for the present, but I fancy I could find Le Martin, and he has heaps of tin. No allusion please to. this afternoon's folly. Kind regards to Miss WillerBley,— Yours as ever, AltQBaNON BsiNKIiOUGH. Le Martin I That name to me was like the infusion of a fiery poison in the veins. I, too, had thought many a time of hunt ing down Le Martin, if for nothing more than to repossess myself of some of His plunder. La Martin ! The name sometimes had awaked me in the dead of night, as if it had been -whispered in my ear by creatures too rational for dreams. Once, only once, in our new home, I had mentioned the name of Gertrude. The child changed colox, blushed^ perhaps only for Mrs. Willereley's shame — but possibly for »oi&e; memories of her -twn» She had for one brief period admired him, I knew fox cerjain. Perhaps she had. even begun to love him ! Why not ? Satan himself, as the legends of the Church, tell us, has assumed virtue in no more fascinating disguise. Yet she would never have loved Algernon Brinklough — never; not if he had been agoodinan, as indeed she thought him. It -was then that I finally promised Ger trude never to break again that silence in Which we had buried 'Mrs. Willersley aiid her deeds, at it eeemed, ~ for erer : . and . it wm the memory ot toat oooptoif -f-tfl :inef ?mpSfc-in ' lighting ^^iflrfwi^l.iSosB^|B^ejfeOTapMf -'^ -wo** i i^in^;SBtra|^ iviij^1 :&w;®^; abs^n^4^fiany1aS^a^&' w«r* ?nfec^sar^^ h^ a^iy connection, with Mrs. Willertley I m^htiuret^-ai&t.;: '; ' :':\ '/''/:: '..' '?''. :''' '.:'.' Doubtless Brinklough had the man to some extent in Ms power— perhaps could lay his hands upon him at an hour's in'otJce^.-.l-zAhrVittJl^coiild'' l-ut teifet him as one rogue trusts another. I could not even dp that. :.. .. -. . ? ?.'??'.? ; ??:. ' ? . . ? ; Still, still if I could use him this- 0114, time— the last time as the mean crafty instrument that he was, I would do it. Then came the thougkt of Mrs. WillerB ley — -my Wif !e, if I must say.it— and what this fetep would cost her; but I shut my eyes hard and thought o£ Gertrude. She was strong and beautiful and be ginning to look on life again with a joyous hopeful heart. And I was hanging over an awfal precipice with her in my arms ; and £300 would save us both. ' Le Martin shall find it J Le Martin shall be made to pay it '?' so I cried with fierce determination as I stood before the fire, two hours after Gertrude had given me her good night kiss. Then I threw Mr. Brihklough's note on the dying embers and smiled at the little* blaze of light which, shot up from the cheerless hearth like the transient fan tastic light its contents threw into my soul, (to be coNmrtTEu), 