'EOTTEN YESTERDAYS.' Whiting to one of his daughters, Emerson said : — ' Finish every day and be done with it. For manners and wise living it is a vice to re member. This day for all that is good and fair. It is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the ' rotten yesterdays.' ' There is much wisdom in this advice. A girl dreaming idly of the past when the day's work calls for action is not in a healthy state of mind ; her regrets are often morbid, and to in dulge in them is enervating. Young people, it is well known, are more prone to melancholy than men and women who have been long engaged in practical affairs. They are more intensely conscious of existence than their parents, and far more susceptible to emotion. They are apt to brood over the little spau. of their past lives, and to see even in slight errors a cause for despondency. The habit is insiduous in the leisurely days of youth, and though less common later on in life, it is, unfortunately, by no means rare in these care-breeding days. Don't we all know people who fret themselves over spilt milk and small worries ? — who dwell on every trifling mistake they make and wonder why they did not act differently! Why did I do this?— Why didn't I do that? How could I have acted so like a fool ? — these are the questions some people ask themselves again and again, and ask in vain. Life has burdens enough to bear without adding to their weight by mourning over the blunders of the past It would be scarcely less reasonable to fret over the blunders of our ancestors. Regrets at small follies are altogether idle, and it may be truly said, in the words of Emerson, that it is a vice to remember them. And his advice to his daughter may be given also to people who, from slight fault of their own, have to some ex tent missed their way in life. The fact that a man failed to gain some desirable object ten years ago, even if that object were a wife or a seat in Parliament, is hardly n sufficient reason for makiri- himself miserable to-day : if a girl was a little wayward with her lover, and lost him in con sequence, v. 1- -? H(y : l.-i: v,hy .???,?--' i her young life by brooding over the fault ? In such cases all energy and hopefulness are destroyed by going back to the rotten yesterdays. Every body loses some chance; everybody, from Prime Ministers downward, makes blunders. The world, according to Carlyle, consists chiefly of fools. It may be hoped that this was one of the wild utterances in which he in dulged so freely ; but no doubt the wisest man is liable to act foolishly ; and to allow the mistakes of the past to distress and hamper us to-day is the greatest folly of all. Let us be grateful, then, for Emerson's sane and wholesome counsel, for it is of large application and of practical service. At the same time it is obvious that another view may be taken cf our yesterdays, and that it cannot be just in all cases to say it is a vice to remember what we are .often unable to forget. ' It is impossible, 'a moralist may exclaim, ' to get rid of our faults and follies in the easy fashion suggested by Emerson. The thoughts and aims of days long past are the forces that mould our present lives ; how then is it possible to forget them 1 The ghosts of old sorrows and of aspirations unfulfilled cannot be wholly laid. The road we have travelled is not obliterated by time. We cannot help seeing much of the track still ; and if a part of it lay beside green pastures and still waters, through woods gladdened by the song of birds, and over hills bright with sunshine and fragrant with heather, another and, perhaps, a longer part of the journey was through deserts and quagmires and across jagged rocks, over which we stumbled with bleeding feet.' The moralist is right. We cannot, if we would, forget our yesterdays, and we might also say that every word spoken is an echo from the past. If our days have been spent unwisely they leave a scar behind, and vainly will the wrongdoer strive to escape from the pains of memory — from the sorrow of lost yesterdays. It is a sorrow, however, that has its uses. Tiie recollection of falls and failures makes aman sympathetic and generous, and it is often through the direst error that he reaches a higher life. There are people sometimes to be met with so joyously happy, go brilliant, and so prosperous, that poor mortals who live in the valley and cannot reach such heights are apt to fiel they have little in common with them. Such people are, to quote Wordsworth's felicitous phrase, ' men of cheerful yesterdays and confident to-morrows.' Looking back they recall nothing but successes, and looking forward anticipate only fresh triumphs. Often, indeed, the appearance of supreme good fortune is an illusion, and men in the full sunshine of fame and wealth shiver at the memory of the past. 'I have ever been esteemed,' said Goethe, ' one of Fortune's chiefest favourites, nor can I complain of the course my life has taken. Yet, truly, there has been nothing but toil and care. In my seventy-fifth year. I may say that I have never had four weeks of genuine pleasure.' You see that when the great poet spoke in this melancholy strain he was thinking, and could not help thinking of his ' rotten yester day's.' O wad some power the gif tie gie us To see oursel s as others see ub was a wish of Burns' -which few men would like fully to satisfy. To. some extent, and, perhaps, quite sufficiently, we have this power, since, by the help of our yesterdays, we do occasionally see, with a vividness as dazzling and terrible as forked lightning in the tropics, what we now are. Was it a vision like this that made Macbeth ex claim, in the supreme moment of his fate To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day, To the last syllable of recorded time ; And all our yesterdays have lighted fools The way to dusty death. And now, to descend from tragedy to common life, it is time to draw our little moral from Emerson's text. It has, at least, the merit of brevity. By all means let us remember our yester days, if the recollection gives us strength, sympathy, and wisdom for daily action ; but in the name of all that makes life worth living, let us take the American philosophers advice, and account them ' rotten ' if they awaken only vain regrets which lead to no more result than the activity of a squirrel in a cage. Blood Mixture.— Iodide of potass, cne drachm ; bicarbonate of potass, two drachms ; decoction of earsparilla co. concentrated, one ounce ; water to six ounces. Mir. Dose, one tablaspoon ful three times daily. The above should co?t 9§d. without the bottle, and can he thoroughly recommended, if persevered in. To get the blood into a healthy state, whpn once impure, generally takes s -i u tiine. 