THE YOUNOG FOLKS;' : -CAPTrFE ANIMALS. In lthe courceof- Com. interostiug gossip on the treatment of animals in eaptlvitj, a cnn. temporary gives the following: Nuture, wh?nu she wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her ca?acities when she patented a mandrill.. This baoon -has a muzzle suach as would be mana factored. by an artistic upholsterer who ha pleatedu together pretty folds of blue and light; purplish pick stuffs. Although his e?la decoration te so disibiq;t, hisa beauty Is but skin, deep, forlis enjoys the reputation of beingi ai exceedingly wuikeld baboon--" teal mean," Jaid the ks?per. Thet singularity of hIs head coloure makes the Inandifij?A popular show, animal. He Is an' hzpestivel brutes requiring, great care. The dillculty . in Captivity is to got him over his' second year, ..ot the older he is ! thamora couiiplouous it that painted face of his, which would make any self-respectlng ghost.dancing Tndiarnnjealobu. "This mandrill, now In Ida thirdyear,". said, th keeoerpc " lRettingalong .very Well. Ve Watch his ton ' ditton arefull; Ve give him raw eggs every e day, and he shall have some now." Thooahi drill clutched a couple of t.cge offerced him, was careful to hide she :'mne.- ieshL not hold, and eosmmenced imrblieg the ?.le ell of. one. how e flirted all thn"whto Into ute outh, hot Ispiling a dropi and then put th Whole shell iu hhiiqsaw.. • xt he tilted back, his head, and ntheameoral t that ervrted in s the only et ture who'indulge' in spirits." ' WelJ, ay not be osiatural to that radrll In Afict i-hbi todds, but l'ihe'dtlda't manage'owlthout it :now. :It'us edicine,.ofcomurs . No come and lonk atr.ur- giraffe.: Ile is In splendid c6ndi. tion. 'lhoe trouble aihout sucli. a big beast in conlineient i, that ho is foodced o staotd in one position too long. Everything lgependa ou havlng a dry'bedaorl him. lut(is laust dinp about hii feet, adheo would get Cold' arid titt would soon end' him;s" As youy see, 1o velbt omaes on his cleft forefect, andn e nie o theni Ia 'iihea t a good deal, and wowitsl tAved o clpilt. -oIle ea .ruhi d ates, thi leal' ~ hver hat alple.; aT'rots, and h, hits. quart ofenilk w?lh his water every Jity., Newo .yqu ]lall-~co.O r lion%,oud ti.gers:: ?ert se have, S; ibw fatrly liPvy-rlion whelps and tl o yoti wo-o teq r. Ies ;ntot rxactly: aJ -an, til : fbitsuEtle they will get used to one anolher. a Ohl:thoe spats don't aimount;to arnythitlg. V6ti'ser lhe trouble nbort those :timelan'tew it ait i'' I didl look iii eeLm-sdle sigbhr l-t-- t1gtie tails were arcely a footl?oaega nd a ,bbtllled -tiger io more loolcs natural wtt filosh a o?Ianx cot. "That was'one ouf ,tr e, t 'lanieftones and just one-oof theoe' Uiiuqs that cii 'tstbe always guarded against: .Sie night, 'atter'ex hibitlng, we had to strike tents' and?move ol lhe double qunickr , tie. onmeboy in tjge. inlrlc wltoeled the i han wilt.tlhse.d w0 ewiet ld"ors near those dratted hyscas.l Te i'tigersa tilrd their ta(le., That waos ectly, ~pat, the- hyenas eraue ioking for. Jst coplui p aroioe,.On I tlre.job was donse, and.the 'vl?o Jf those tiger dimnisbhed 8ii pe'c-ent. .'You r ids' eattpe ir6t stand top close., A\ll, t?inse animale havei mighty lonhg reach, "eid;.theyi;dan iO e?au; to clip befgor youknow it, There really is more danger' pitstl.oftBae cagetha in it.l, Tlhqr , oare tow.t.hoigs..eliarper tlin, t tiger's"?clsws. See.",'r opeupo the .ketperdrw' onut of his pocket'a ,pnjlhblst'iu I d.clna eolpts:"ýThs edgeseweir. as, sharp hi.steel, with fleish7ook i'urvea. ",}hV4Thrvot cu,their claws quite often. - Whenove r.' w ite roducse a new ll6Ti, tigdr, ieopa.i;or panther teats mates in a caget wit leave (to: the newcbmoer all hu ' powei-df defence sp far- as cleawt go, ando leesen tho . oln?nsiveneja of .the. h itt 9f' them?l ' linioping their claws, -eIt never fails that the animals in the cage.at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for lawing him. When they find after T whild oelt hlie can claw too aud bretter than they, they lot him seevrely alone. If wo didn't do that, the nut.beaot would have is hide sill cut. It's niot. enessy thing to do to clip, a lion's or a tiger's claws, or to perform an operation on them, as driwing out a claw or pulling a tooth. It takes a fall and tackle, is halfldozen strong ropee, and as rneny men. The most trouble. oame rope is the one to be put aropud theineok., 'ri'i- c? ' . . ch ke hi,: se',, .l 'iott' fo 'the - precauticn we taks wo secure .eU ro-relr witlth his shoulder In the noose. Qtbcr rohib"salt attached to his fore leg and hind ones,:and he 14 stretched on his aside, andl is as helpless ss'a log. The ropes have an arrangement when theo opar. ation is over which at onc loosens them.' Then it is jest as if you had coiled up a thousand hioraepiower steel spriing and let it go sudden. Tho.au just vibrats?. Lionas suffer from lsog troubles anud rheumatism. We give them milk, qunine, rum. Somotimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will tenmp a lion or a tiger.. Thp tiger wail play with a chicken just as a cat'doos witha mouse-kind of enjoying it. They often have milk. WVe use grat care in butchering their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone which would choke them." , 