FIONEEES OF KOTS AND ffMSN OF MAES." I [Bv MARK ANTONY.] "BILLY THE TERROR," FROM BYRON BAY. " I kin lick eny man my coat fits in Wardell-or on the Richmond River, for that matter. If it's slack for him I'll lick him easy, and if it's tight I'll hev' a try all the same. Here ! who's on fur fittin' . this coat on to him ?" The words of the foregoing address fell on my ears as I stepped ashore from the deck of the river steamer " Pearl" (what beautiful names the mosquito fleet of this river possess) at the door, almost, of Brown's Hotel, Wardell, and I hurried up to see what show there was for a little extra excitement. On the verandah of the pub, about a dozen indolent-looking, but good-natured, men were lounging about, watching, in amused interest, the antics of a little old man on the street, who was skipping about like a monkey and waving his coat above him in the air. He was " tonicked"-of that there could be no doubt ; and that he was also of a warlike disposition the opening words of my ?ketch will amply prove. I was no stranger on the river at this period, be it known, and as I knew there were many " hard caseB" among the river men and the mill hands, I had every reason to hope and believo that the bellicose acting would soon lead up to something tidy in the way of a fight. But it didn't. It was only received with roars of laughter ; and when I paused to have a look at the champion, I understood the matter at once and joined in the mirth straightaway. The challenger waa barely five feet in height and thin to attenua- tion, while his years must have reached quite three score. There was, however, no appearance of the \- stiffness of age in the little man, and his clean shaven face and thick crop of dust-coloured hair wore those of a prematurely aged boy, while his little grey eyes were bright as a ferret's, and seemed to rest in twenty different places at one and the game time. He was like a piece of well-seasoned whalebone-sun-scorched and springy, and with all the elastic energy of youth in his miniature frame. The coat he held aloft for the inspection of probable opponents would not fit a well grown boy of twelve years, and the length of the sleeve from gusset to cuff did not exceed ten inches. It was a regular " doll's" coat, and aB the big, brawny rouaeabouts took it, one after another, and proceeded to gravely try it on, the mirth of the crowd became uproarious, and the bellicose attitude of Billy more pronounced. " Will none o' ye be able to git it on ?" he almost wailed. " Are there not a single man among ye ? Oh, I cud wollup an' siam the best o' ye that cud struggle inter that coat, an' I'm not too pertikler if it's like to bust when yer tryin' it." ? " It's no use, Billy-none at all," said a muscular giant, sadly, as he handed back the garment. "That hulster o' yours wud about button on a soda water bottle, but on nuthin else under hivin as I can think on. Best give up the idee o' gettin' a fight on here an' wait till the Tom Thurn show comes ronnd again." " But I'm spiliu' fur a fite, now," moaned the warlike Billy pathetically. " I'm actooally goin' to loss. Wboop ! fur a row. There's nawthing crawlin' round here-'at kin wear that coat- I oan't siam, an' if none o' ye's goin' to oblidge me I'll have to stand behind a mule and tickle it with a straw. I must abuse somethin', or get-nbuBid myself. Whirr-r! I'm Billy the Terror, from Byrin Bay, an' I ain't gittin' jestice." "How would drinks all round meet your trouble, ?old son," I now ventured to ask. " It is very evi- dent you are too good for anything here, so I think we had better leave it at that and proceed to lubricate." "Mister, ye speak words o' peace an' good sound wisdom-an' I'm with you," said the little man, feelingly. " Yer a stranger here, an' I honours ye fur yer- Say ! hev you tried on this coat yet P"-this as a sort of after thought. "No, Billy, I have not," I said frankly. " I couldn't if I would, and wouldn't if I could. So there ! I have travelled too far in my time and seen too much to run up against an earthquake for no earthly use. You are evidently a hard, dan- gerous man, and you'll pardon me when I admit that I much prefer a whole skin when I can con- veniently enjoy the luxury." " Eh, he, he, he ! Yer no jackeroo at enyrate, an' ye seem to know which are the safe side o' the wall," he chuckled complacently. "Come away then'; we'll hev the drinks for a start, an' then we might see what's to be did." This was evidently the best courue to pursue in the circumstances, as all seemed to thoroughly agree with it. So an adjournment was at once made to the bar. where we severally began stating our case to the worthy Sara Brown. Sara duly laid the physic before us, and then we raised the several measures to our lips, and with many silent nods ?.and expressive winks permitted it to percolate. It was a touching scene-a moment to live in the sacred chambers of the mind when all else of earth had grown dim. No master's hand was there to paint that group of devoted men on the imperish- able canvas, and no sculptor's chisel would ever delineate each classic gesture and pose. Yet aware ?of this, they hesitated nota moment, but performed their obsonre and un-ttumpeted parta na only the brave and devoted can do. For a brief time the heads of all were thrown back and the many-eyed look was fixed on the roof of the old bar 100m, then a simultaneous fall of each right arm took place and a soft amalgamated sigh of utter content cleft the air. Glasses were hastily replaced on .the zinc-covered bar, and longing looks direoted at the yet teeming shelves, after which the hum of -conversation became general. Billy had taken a seat on an empty cask, and was now apparently, deep in meditation. His short legs dangled down and reached nearly to the second hoop of the cask, and his eyes were fixed in a hard, set way on the sawdust of the floor. He was evidently thinking that, after all, this world was but a sorry place for a man -of good parts to figure in. There was actually no combativeness-no real fight in it, and a man of spirit alight never hope to rise to his aspirations, hut must be content to exist on the common, uneventful incidents of the soulless throng around him. It waB hard-terribly hard, this-on such a man as Billy ; and he took no trouble to conceal the fact, so far as his present company were con- cerned. "I'm well known in Murwullumbar," he at length lifted his head to gravely announce, "an' I'm a hard, on-natural man. I'm also a ' hot mem- ber' an' a pusson as is nachurally given to scenes o' wiolence an' blood, an' the spirit o' riot an' destruction is my or'nary disposition. I am like- wise werry bad coinptwee, an' a rough card, an' I kin fight anythin' crawlin' on the river as can put on my coat, an' don't scale over 9Glbs." " Thet's it, Billy, thet's where yer * flummuxed,' old son," asserted one of the men promptly. " Yo see, yer weight is so light an' yer toonic wouldn't fit a monkey- But hold on," he suddenly cried, why blest if here's not old Bob Cox a'comin' along the street. Lay low, Billy, ye ruffin, Bob's about yer height an' age, an' if ye don't bluff him too I much mebbe he'll tackle yo." " Git him to fite me, Dick, if ye possibly eau nuvvor mind for the expense," whispered " the terror," eagerly, and peering round the men to get a glimpse of the newcomer. " Interjuce us an' say I'm a missionary on my way out to Chinar, an' also a man as loves peace- O' I feels it in my bones that there's goin' to be carnage, but I'll keep it dark, I will, if ye get the gentleman ter fite me." A short, dumpy old man, about same height as Billy, now entered the bar and briskly called for a " long sleever." He was very old, too, but much more sturdy in body than my hero, and as he faced the company and prepared to get outside the tall glass of beer I could see he was an entirely different stamp of aman. A sturdy, sensible old chap I put him down for, and at first I did not like the idea of his being annoyed, and might have interfered to hinder it ; but I fear my love of the ludicrous had more weight with me then, than had my desire for peace. I scon decided the newcomer was able to take care of himself against Billy, and as I wanted to see him do it, I did not interfere. During the time the stranger was drinking his beer Billy kept up a brisk Bcout in his vicinity, evidently taking his measure, and keeping himself well concealed meantime. He would dive behind a couple of the men, and then crane his neck round with his hands hpread out behind him making exaggerated signs for silence to those near. Then ho would bolt in behind a lot of barrels, and peer over the top of them at the unconscious Bob, after which he would again telegraph his satisfaction to us, and scoot to another coign of vantage. He put me forcibly in mind of a playful kitten ; but Billy was not in play by any means, and our roara at his antics never caused the hard professional look to leave bia eye3 for one instant. At length his scrutiny appeared to satisfy him, for he carne out boldly from his hiding, and advanced close up to the still unconscious Bob, at the same time signalling to one of the men to perform the introduction. Obedient to the signal, Big Dick advanced to the bar, and slapping Bob on the buck a3 if he had just noticed him, gave him an effusive greeting. " Glad ter see ye lookin' 60 well, Mr. Cox. 'Low me to interjuice ye to a good man. This are Mr. Willum Perkins, furn Byron Bay-an' he'B werry relidgious. Mr. Perkins, Mr. Cox o' this place. I 'opes ye'll be good frens." "Narrydoubto'hit/'certifiedMr. Cox, innocently, and shaking the hand of " the terror" in a friendly way. "I ken tell even now," he continued, looking into Billy's little beady eyes, " that we're goin' ter like aich other." " Hope so ! I jest do !" panted Billy, vainly try- ing to hide his exultation. " I'm a parfit lamb, see ? an' hev had a werry moral bringing up. I may also state 'at I'm one o' the meek an' lowly o' the arth, and I'm game to hov a shot at enything on-I-I means," he hastened to correct himself, " 'at I loves all men, an' am choke full o' charity." " So ye're a miRsionairy to the haithon, are ye ?" said Bob, admiringly. |"I loves missionairies-I does. Wot'll ye hov to drink ?" " Well, I dessay I may try a taste o' brandy, seein' as yer so kind," said " the terror," simper ingly. " Say, Mr. Cox," he inquired, mildly, " dy'e think ye cud put this coat o' mine on ye ?" " Rather tight. I doubt," said Mr. Cox. examin- ing the little garment critically. " Why ? D'ye wish to dispose o' hit ?" "I-ah-that is-well, no. Hit's merely a mat- ter o' curiosity, see ? If ye've no hobjections, wud ye oblidge me by just tryin' it on ?" " Most sartingly, Mr. Perkings-most sartingly," said Bob, taking the coat and struggling into it. " It's tight a little, but I hev got it on, Bee ?" " Luvely," breathed Billy, rapturously, " jest glorious. It is tight, as ye say, but I'll risk it. Wot weight are ye, Mr. Cox ?" " Clost up on seven stones in my stockin' soles. Why?" "Oh, jest because," replied Billy, rather evasively and apparently in deep thought. "Yer ruther thick," he mused dreamily, and as if communing with himself, " an' yer a trifle too heavy also ; but, blome it all, I'll rißk it- ' Take that.' " "That" was a quick lunge with his left that caught the unsuspicious Bob on the stomach and sent him to the floor like a shot. Needless to say this rather sudden declaration of war surprised no one in the room save Bob. Long ago we bad seen it coming, and now as the little man lay on the floor, holding his stomach and gazing in a dazed way at his assailant, so comic did the situation appear that we fairly howled with mirth. , " I'm ' Billy the Terror' from Byrin Bay, an' I'm a wild, dangerous man," BOW asserted that worthy as he skipped nimbly around his prostrate foe. I " I'm not good kumpiny, an' my morals is depraved, an' I kin siam eny man on the river as weighs less'n IOOIOÏ. an' kin put on my coat. I nuvvor attended Sunday school an' I'm a child o' sin. Git up, Mr. Ruburt Cox," he shouted, " till I parylizes ye. I'm a pestilence-I am a Byrin Bay hurí icane." " Ghost o' MarineB," panted Bob, struggling to hiB feet, and still holding his injured stomach, " what wor that for ?" " That's wha's for, ¿ggsaktly," said the terror, dogmatically, and throwing himself into what was supposed to represent a very pugilistic attitude, indeed. " I'm spilin fur a fite, see, and I'm boun' ter lam somethin'. C'mon, there's plenty more here for ye." " Oh, ho ! so that are yer game, aro it ? C'mon then, ole son," said Bob grimly, and throwing himself in a scientific attitude at once. " Pnt up yer Bkinny little dooks an' guard yerself furn a man, COB yer about tor get werry badly hurt." " I'm enything but good companee," again as- serted the terror, but all the time keeping well out of range of tho sturdy one's tjuns. " I'm not a can- nibal, but I delights in gore, an* I'm natchurally wicious an* bad." , *' Ye only want a little blood lettin, that's all," retorted Bob, sagely, and pressing hard on the nimble terror. " I'll give yo great ease in a rainit, ah' ye'll live to bo thank-- There ! how does that meet yer trouble ?" The question was preceded by a smart uppercut, which caught Billy under the chin and laid him flat out. " Scissors ! that was a good un," declared the terror approvingly as he waa helped to his feet. "Yera nice respectable ole man, Mr. Cox, and I 'onnera ye " " Oh, we'll like aich other well after a bit," de- clared Mr. Cox, confidently, and again throwing himself in fighting attitude. " I kin tell in a minit when I sees a man as I'm goin' ter like ; an' now git yer dooks up again, if yer ready, and we'll pur ceea with the ' cure.' " "I'm a lone manan' a horphan, and I've allus tried ter live at peace with my fellermen," now qua/ered Billy, at the same time coming up to the scratch, but only in a half-beaited way. "The alooreraents o' sin was uvvur spread out in my way, but I had a brother as wor a Cherch Missionary, an' I've a great respect fur religion." " Thort ye wor a child o' sin an' a hurricane from Byron Bay ?" snorted Bob, savagely. " Was under the (whack-hurry up now I'm waiting) impression ye wor a hard, dangerous man (bang),'an' that ye wor enything but good company. Oh, don't Bay yer done already," implored the fat one as Billy lay still and refused to rise after the first knock-out blow ; " I'm jest gettin* in nice flghtin' trim, an' I feels I cud hang out an hour yet." " Ye've jest sold yerself then, old man," moaned the warlike terror dismally. " I might hev given ye a shot or two more hed ye not told me that. Oh so! no more on it fer me, thanks. There's nothin' like an hour's fight in me, so I aint agoin' to henoourage ye in yer sinful coorses. Ye've gived yerself way, seo ? eos I'm not seoh a foal BB ter go on fighting when it's no use." "D'ye ye gimme best then?" demanded Bob, atumpinground the prostrate hurricane menacingly, and with both his fat little fists clenched and his elbowB drawn well back. " I does that, Mr. Cox," said Billy promptly, and with decision. " I gives ye best, an' deolares ye to be a better man than me." " An' ye won't hask me ter fite ye enymore P" " I won't, I'm nut such a hass. I 'opes I hev more respect for my karkage." " Well, get up then an' let's shake. I'm glad I met yer, eos ye see I never fought wi' enj man afore and I've offln wondered if I wor eny good at hit. C'mon lads," he cried, addressing tho crowd, " I'll shout fer all hands, co3 this are the proudest i day o' my life, and I means ter go it." Billy was assisted to his feet, and a more humbled man never breasted that or any other bar on the Richmond River. All the fight was gone completely out of him, and the reverent glance he ever and anon fixed on his sturdy little conquerer was very edifying to .behold. Bob, on his part, treated him with becoming dignity and Borne considerable condescension, but it was easy to see ho meant to permit no familiarity, and above all was determined to put down anything liko bounce on its very first appearance. I often met both of the little men on the river after that time, but never again did I hear Billy refer to his fighting capabilities, either drunk or [ Bober. I did hear, however, that old Bob ever after that, when in his cups, was in the habit of searching for the unfortunate " terror" and treating him to another dose of abuse. When remonstrated with for it he used to say, " He's the on'y man I kin fite, an' I'm goin' ter fight 'm see ! So there !'" Sad, wasn't it ? 