TALE. I''" & ' M. Jean Yidal. At the time when I was clerk ia the cfSoe of the Minister of "War, I had for a colleague aud fellow- clerk ono Jean Tidal, an old non commissioned officer who had lost a left arm in the Italian campaign, hut who still had his right. hand, with which he accomplished marvellous feats wito the pen, inround hand, -running hand and Gothic hand, and executed : with a .single stroke of his pen a small bird ia the flourish to his signature. Tidal was a worthy man, a typical eld soldier, upright and 'pure. Although he was barely forty years old, and but few gray hairs appeared m bis pointed Zouave's beard, S, yet we already called fcim at the office, Tore |i| Vi&ai;, but with less familiarity than respect, ||i for we knew his life of honour and devotion IIP ia his small cheap lodging in the farthest JSE part of Crenelle, where his sister lived with mi him, a widew, with a long string of children, 111 and whe e he supported this little worldupos- ||! his slender iccome, fcstfe pay- ill meat for lfe ereg.Jhit jmsion, and his 111 HSTtHMf"' for five poisons. Never g'tiind : his frock coats, with the empty left pS sleevo looped np cm the third button, wore jjli| always Hushed as for a review by the la ppa srector-GsntrsI. and the red ribbon of his decora ticn. always fresh, was so serious a gHK thing to the good nun, that he took it from Mhis buttehhole whenever he carried a package through the streets, sometimes 3 pair of Sboofs"from X&tours;, .or a. pair of trousers, Bbaught. in the morning at the Belle- Jard- SraHre.- ' lf|l| As I used to live then, in the environs of yglSonfo P.wis, I frequently shsped my heme- sgpword way so tost I c.-nld go with Pew Tidal, and I amused myself by getting bins to recount his campaigns, as we walked by the vicinity of the EeoIe-MUitsire, where at that time could be s en (it was daring the last years or the Empire) the showy uai- formsof the Imperial Guard, fugle men in gr. en, lancers- in white, and the sosihre and rangnificent officers of the ariiil-ry in black and gel-d, a c stums in which it is quiie worth while to go sal be killed. Sometimes in the hot summer evenings I offered a glass es absinthe to ray companion, a luxury which twcrTididicmcmicalfy denied himself, and wo would stop for a Lsifehour before an officers' ca:e in the Avenue de la Mo the - P.quet. On such dnys the old 'sub,' who had btcomo the most steady of family men, j-.ndhad quite lost his habit of gossiping, . would rise from fce table with an' heroic giueiness in his head, and I was sure of hear ing for the rest of the way some good war One evening — I believe, God forgive me, that Fere Yidal had taken two glasses oi absinthe — in making our way through the miserable Boulevard de Grenrile, he stopped X ead -'ealy before the place of a dealer in SfsKSid-hand military clothe?. There are a srood many of them in that quarter. It was » diucy, dirty shop, displaying ia the win dow some rusty pfetofe, woodenbcrarls faB. of outtens. gilded epaulettes, and in front were hang, among some miserable rsgs, several old coats of tffio re, raised and fettered by tve sun and rain, bat which, s'ill preserving the impress of the shape and the breadth of : the shonaie-s, had something vaguely human in their appearance. Tidal, grasping my arm with, his only Land, and locking at me with a cere that was not without suggestion of absinthe, lifted ti e stamp -of an ana to print out one o: tie coats, the tunic of an African inr.r, with its skiri in a hundred visits and a triple braid of gold twisting iuti» ®n right en the shoulder. "" cL>ok at that, he said : ' that's the nni- f rem of my cid corps, a Captain's tunic. Then, coming nearer to examine the tat ters more cl'jselv, ha read the number en graved ca the outran?, and called out ex- roueuly : 4 It is my regiment. It is ihe hirst Zona- es I B :: v suddenly Pore Yisbl's hand, which had already laid hold upen the bid tunic, ra- \- .msined fixed, his face darkened, his lips train; led. and, lowering his eyes, he mur mured in a frightened way : 4 My Gcd If ii toouli be Iris " Tn?u,wi;h a sudden g.slu e, he turned the tunic round, and I could see in the mid dle of the back a little round hole, the brie .of a bulk?, encircled with a black stain vrhij-h was undoubtedly old tlood; and that tril-trie hole was ss shocking, as pirirui, as a wound. Oul chl Isril ioPereYTual, who had suddenly dropjvl tie cent, and was en his way .again, stepping quickly with bowed -hssd, 'th-i.-e w.vsii sausrar -r And. antici- .pa'igX sUuyv luddsd. to exrilemy sem- pmica into tilling ir. "Una eaptains'cf the \- Zbnaves vee not usually shot in the back.' But he oil not appear to hear me, and he mivuered some word?, birirg his moustache, ilow cirr.e it to ;« sTEn"eu here ? It's a long vrs.y from the bstrie-firid oi Melegnaao ro th> Boulevard ce Gr- utile. Oh. I see it : trocrovs that follow the army ; the robbers el tha d-Kii, Bus w y last here, two steps atom ;he Ilec-le Miiicese where his regiment '..Is stationed wah the ..? sbouH -hbys psissti by- here, it shoald - have asbog- nyXftluri " Oh, it is Ike a ghost.' 'Luck. here. .Bore TtTdAL,' I said, baera- %hag to he a good deal inferestsd and taking ' . Mm by She eim, 4 yos are net going to con- :.:I-i&ua.io;sslk: snanines, andyoa ;5re 'gsaas. V iavell me what .merfiBrisshaTehesa-awakeaed ; .iby.t&lpssa2; tsahi. .. I helisve zhat wimcut the two j:r.jgasefcf fihain&elidi;'uJdhatelsiraod-so- isssgs-fsntthe'dfjsiad B&re; Tidsl loofea st ma surustfully, rimust snxiecslyt but ; 'Ii ";2si£S -if zmkng'a.gsgit Kerive,- 2a j asilTht-rily ; . . . . ' Well, yes, I will tell it to yon. InasT much as you are a well -informed and hones young man, I have confidence in you,-, and when I havo finished you shall tell —frankly —your hand on your heart — if you think it: strange in me to be moved as I have been movea. Let us see. "Where shall we begin ? First, I cannot tell you bis name, the other,, since he is living, but I sball oall him by the nick-name which we gave him in the regi ment, Thirsty— yes, we used to call hun Thirsty, and he well answered the name, being one of those who don't star from the. canteen, and who toss off twelve small - glasses at the twelve strokes of noon. He was sergeant of a company when I was quartermaster, and lie march' d by my ride &« file-closer. A good soldier, a very good soldier, a drunkard, roisterer, fond of rows, with ail the bad habits of Africa ; but brave as a bayonet, with cold steel-blue eyes, brown face and red beard. Not an easy man to gat on with. Whim I reached the . depot of the war battalion Thirsty had just com pleted his service. He re-enlisted, took his bounty, and went on a three days' spree, during which he rolled through tho low quarters of Algiers, with four or five other rakes like himself, piled up in a catache, and cariying a tricolored flag with these words : Ti.is will not last always.' They - brought him back to the barracks, his skull cracked by a saber's stroke. He had been in a row with same loafers at the bouse of a Moorish woman, who bad received during the eqivjbble a kick, vrip.-pro"vedfa'tai. - Thirsty re covered. He was put in the stocks for fifteen days aud stripped of . his sergeant's stripes. It wa? the second time he had lost th«m. If it had not beenfor his bad conduct, Thirsty, who was of good family and fairly educate, would have been an officer long ago. Now, after the affair of the Moor, his stripes wore : taken off ; but six months later, as I passed the quartermaster sergeant's, I saw that he had them on again, thanks to the indulgence of his captain, an old African campaigner, who had seen his bravery in Kabylie. ' Before long the old campaigner was pro moted to be chief of the battalion, and they sent us a new captain, a yonng Corrican named Gentile, of Iwenly-five, just from the military school, cold, ambitous, full of spirit tbey smd, but very exacting, hard on his men, giving you six days in the gaard-honse for a spot of rust op your gun or a button missing from your gaiters ; moreover, having not yet served Algiers and admitting no sort of laxity or frolicking. Captain Gentile took adislike to Thirsty at oi ce,and the disliko was reciprocated. Indeed, it could not be ether- wise. The first time thai the Sergeant did net respond tc the evening call, right days in the stocks ; the first time he got drank, fifteen days. "While the Captain, a small brown man, stiff as wire, and with the brist ling mustaches of a frightened cat, would throw his punishment in his face, saying, in a hard voice : I know who you ares' «»d' Fll humble you, my boy !' Thirsty did not say anyihing, and walked quietly to the ride of the guard-house, ;hufc;the . Captain would have spoken more mildly, peiaps, if he had seen the angiy Sergeant's -cbegk turned his head.- an6;gieam of rage which shot from tferfarible cald blue eyes. The Emperor declared war upon - Austria, and we embarsed for Italy. Bat we are not concerned vrith the story of that campaign. I will go on: with curs. Baring the prepara tions forthe batile of Melegnano, when I lost my arm, you know, our battalion camped in the middle or a small village, and having broken ranks, our Captain made a brief address — a proper thing for tie Captain to do — to temird us that we were in a friendly country, and thatour honor demand good behavior from us, adding that any annoTanee to any of tha inhabitants would be punished, severely. While he was speaking, Thirsty, who was standing unsteadily by my ride, leaning on bis gun (he bad half emptied tinea morning the keg of the cantiniere), shrugged his shoulders Hghily, but, happily, the Gap- tain did not see it, ' In the middle of the night X started out of my sleep. I jumped off from the handle of straw on which I was sleeping in a farm yard, and I saw, in ihe moonlight, a group of soldiers and peasants who were tearing from tho arms of Thirsty, furious as a wild beast, a pretty girl, w-.o was invoking to her aid ihe T rgin and all toe saints in Paradise. I ran to Sold him, but Captain Gentile reached him before me. By one glance oi his eye vthe little Corsican had thSlock-ol a master) he stilled the Sergeant; thee, having calmed the Lombsrd by some words that ho said to her in Italian, ha turned and stood before the culprit and ;aid, shaking his trembling hand in his face ; ' 'They ought to blow out the brains of such wretches as yo i. Ia the meantime I will see the Colonel and you shall lose your stripes again, and for good this time- We shall Ssht to-morrow ; see that vou get your self killed/ ' We turned in again, but the Captain was right, and at break of day were roused by toe firing of cannon. We Saw to arms, formed in line, and Thirsty (his cold bine eyes had never looked more cruel) stood by my ride. The haitslion began its march. It was to dislodge the whiieooats who had forth. Sea themselves, with several pieces of ariilk-rr in the village ef Melegnano. Forward march! We lad scarcely "gone a oanple of kilometres when, whizz 1 the grapeshot .of the Austrians struck us in toe flank, and some forty of our company went down. Then our officers, who were awaiting toe order to charge, made u» lie down ia the corn fields as sharpshooters. But the officers naturally remsia standing, and I tell yon oar Captain was by no means the least erect of the let. We, on car knees in the cornfield eotninusi to fire on the battery which was within range. _ Snldeniy sane «vae touched my elbow, and turning, I saw Thirsty looking at tne, his lips curved in a wicked sane as he loaded his ride. 'Ton see the Captain,' he said to ms, nadding toward him with his head. 'Yes : weUP 1 replied, locking at the offioer, who was abont twenty paces from us. 'Wffi, he shcnlda't have spoken to ms as he did last night.' Tcui, with a quick and vapid gesture, in .two movements ha brought his piece to his shoulder, fired — and I saw toe Gaptsin sud denly twist, throwback Ids head, beat the air for a second with his two hands, drop his sword, and faB heavily on his back/ 'Assassin !' I cried, sriring the SsrgeanFs arm. But he shrew me three paces from hfm by a blow on my chest. Fixd. prove that I killed hita/ ' I rose in a ivry, but toe rest of the com- nsnyiose too. Our Cj!onriwas there, bare headed and en a smoking horse, printing with his saber to toe Ansni m battery, ana shouiing at toe top oi bis iumrs : 'For sard, Zouaves, wito toe bayonet !' ' Whateoald I do but charge wito the ethers ? It ha? become famous, that charge of toe Zouaves at Melegnano. Have yon ; ever seen the angry sei"beat mm a rcak? Yes ? T elh it was like that. Eieh com- psny swsnatd up like toe surges ca toe rock. Three times ihe battery was covered : wito Hat-coats and red trousers, and three rimes ws saw toe earthwork reappear wish its rows os taunon. xmdissarted, liks the rork after she rerediisg wave. 'Bat the Fourth Company — ours — uvosf carry toe place. Is twenty-bounds I leeched toe redoubt. By to3 aid cf my gun I mounted: toe slope. Yat I had only ri»n» to sse a pair of Hon fie isnsissies, a Hue tap and toe csabaneer's gnu, which .almast routoed me. Then Y .fric sato asboekin my shoulder toss I btoevl that my arm had been blown off.- . I dropped' ay gen,' gveryihing whiried around ae 1 "I Ml on my : afie nssr the wheri of a powds wsggaa'aad lost Qcssciaassess,' j I ' Yvbsu I ; pmed my eyes, I heard chiy j I toe ssmud of distant firms?. The Zouavas j |.Thy ia®»" dished their guns at arm's length in the ear. . a \ - An old general, followed by- his staff, 'came up. at a gallop.— He reined np bis horse, and waving his gilded ohapeau in the air, he cried: 'Bravo, Zinaves. You are the first soldiers of the world,' 'I was sitting by my wheel, piteonsly holding with my right hand my poor broken paw, and I recalled the frightful crime of Thirsty- — killing his officer from behind on the firid of battle. 'Suddenly he came from among the ranks- and advanced toward tho General— yes, he himself, Thirsty, the assassin of the Captain. In the fight he had lost his cap, and his. shaved head appeared traversed by a saber- stroke from, which a stream of blood ran down his forehead and on his cheek. Lean ing with one hand on his gun, he pr®sented hu Austrian flag, tat tired and with great red stains on it— a flag which he had taken. The General seem d to regard him with ad miration, and find him superb. 'Say, Bricourt,' said he, turning to one of his artillery officers, 'Look at that. "What men!' Then Thircty said iir his hoarse voice, 'That's true, my General, but you know the First Zouaves. There are enough of them lor more than one time. 'I could embrace you for that phrase,' cried toe General. Yon shall have the oross, you know/ .i i 'What men, what men!'- he said to his aide-de-camp a phrase which X could not understand my self — I am too ignorant, you know, but I re member it all thei same — 'Isn't it, Bricourt ?' It's like Plutarch.' Bat at that moment my arm pained me again, andfainting, I saw and heard nothing more. Yon know the resti I have of ten told yon how they hacked off my arm, and how I urns carried for two months in ambulances, delirious with fever. . - ' In my sleepless hoars I asked myself what I Bhonld do in regard i» Thirsty. Denounce him ? Certainty that wasiny dnty, bat how? What proofs hid I? Then 1 would say to myself, hs is _a scoundrel, but a hero. He killed Captain Gentile, but he captured an Austrian flag. And I could not decide. At last,' when I was convalescent, I learned that, as a re- ward f or his brave action, Thirsty had been transferred with his grade to th-j Zouaves of the Gnsid and bad received a decoration. Ab," at first that disgusted'me wito my own orosSj Vphich our C jlohel had just attached to my cloak at the hospitaL However, Thirsty merited his as well, after all, but his Legion of Honor should h .ve served as a target for toe firing squad of soldiers. Well that. was along time; ago. I have never seen the Sergeant again, who is. still in the- service, , and I am in civil life. Bafcjmstnow, seeing that tunio.wito its button-hole— God- knows how it came there, hanging at that old clotoes-dealeris, two steps froic-tho barracks where toe assasan-is— I thsflght of Ms un punished crime, and iteteemed to me ihat -tospdaAjjiMovjastice/ I-did my best to.palm Pere Vidal, who had beeffvnnch excited by his story. I assured him that he had done everything for the best, mid the heroism of the Sergeant ball- anced his crime. Bat some days liter, -ou arriving at too office, I found Pere Yidal, who hmided me a joumal so folded thai bat one column . was visible, and who said gravely: , ' 'What did I tell yon? I took tho journal and read as follows : 4 Another vichm of Intemperance — Yester day afternoon, on the Boulevard de Grenelle, a Sergeant of too Imperial Zouaves by the name of Mallet, who bore among bis com rades toe sobriquet ' Thirsty,' and who had been drinking heavily with some companions in the neighbouring drinking-plaees, was seized with'' a sudden alcoholic delirium while looking at same old uniform hanging in front of an old-clothes merchant. ' Becoming suddenly furious, the sergeant drew Ms sabtr- bayonet and" ran. down to? street, to the great ter or of the passers-by. It was only by the greatest efforts that two soldiers who acconpiniel him were able to overcame the madman, who in his rage shrieked unceasingly, 'lam not an assassin ! I took an Austrian fljg at Melegnano ? 'We are told in fact, that Mallet had been decorated for that feat of arms, and that it was only his inveterate drunkenness which prevented him from becoming an officer. 'Mallet has been taken to the Military Hospital of Gros-CmHon, from whence he will jresently be transferred to Charenton. for it is doubtful if the unfortunate man ever recovers bis reason/ As I returned the journal to Pere Yidal, ha looked at- me gravely, and said : Captain Gentile wasa Corsiean. - He is avenged/— -5. F. Fx&ibi.; 