SERMON. - THE MAN WHO SHALL NEVER SEE DEATH. , K —7 -0-7- By C. H. SPURGEOV. " Verily, verily, I 8 y unto you, If a nun keep xny aayinp, be shall never see death. Then a iid the Jews unto him. Now we know that thou hast a. devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets ; and thou sayest, If a mm keep my sayine he shall nt var taste of death. ' Art Go t gveater than our fati.e Abraham, which is fied ? and Ihs prjpihct are derd: whom zcakest thou thyself!" — John viii., a- 58. In Ihi previo is p⁢ of this c apter we hear the Jewr, with mal cious voices, assailing our b e sed lAd with this bitter que tion, 1 Say we. not well k iat thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil?" How very q i e ly the Saviour an>wered them I He d-d answer them, because He judgel it needful to do s>; twxfcHe did so with great patience, and with sound argumsii: "I have not a devil; but I honour my Father." dear proof this ! No man oan be Slid to have a dc il who honours Gcd; for the evil spirit from the brg'nu'ng has been the en?my of aU that glorifies the Father. Paul, who had not re id this passage— for tie Gospel of John was not then written —was nevorthele « so f l ed with bis Master's spirit thai he answeiel after a like manner when Festus raid, "PauL thou art bcs'de thyself; much learning doth make thee mad." He calmly replied, "lam. not mad, most noble Festus ; but speak forth the words of truth and soberness." TLis was a tn? copy of our Saviour's gentle and forcible reply: " I have cot a devil ; but I honour my Father. B "ethren, whenever you are fa'saly accused, and an evil name is buried at you, if you must n?eds reply, "give a Teas in of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear." Be not heated snl liurrk d ; for if si, you will lose strength, and will be apt to err. Let your Lord be your model. L First, consider the gracious character: "If a snan keep my s vying, he shall never see death." Observe, that the one consp'euous characteristic of the man who shall never behold death is that he keegffl Christie saying cr word. He may have other characterises, but they era comparatively unimpor tant in tlrs respec:-. He may b 3 of a timorous suture; he may often be iu distress; but if he keep Christ's saying, he shall never see death. He may hava been a great sinner in his early life ; but, being c nverted, and led to keep Christ's saying, he shall ne>\r soe ce vth. He may be a strong-mind id man, wiii tee; s a firm grip of eternal realities, and Ulcrei(.T3 D3C0ZQ€q BupicZliCl/ US6nil DuX uOCG mare for that is this prom 's 5 tri e to him : the rets <n for his safety is the same as in the case of the weak and timorous: he keeps Christ's saying, and there fore be shall never see ce th. Divest yourselves, therefore, of all inquiries about other matters, and only make inquisiti m in your own heart upon this one point : do you keep Christ's saying ! If you do this, yon shall never see deut '1. Wo is this man who keqjs Christ's saying? Ob viously, he is a man that has c ose dealing with C hr 'sll He hears what He s>a; s ; he notes what He says; heilngsto what He say>-. We meet with persons nowadays who talk about faith in God ; but they know not the Lord Jesus C h is1; as the great sacrifice and reconci'er. But without a mediator there is no coming to God. Jesus says, " No nmn cometh unto the Father but by me." IBs witness is true. Brethren, we glorify Christ as Himself God. Truly the unity of the Godhead is never doubted among us; but while " there is one God," there is also ' one mediator between God and man. the man Christ Jesus." For ever remember that Christ Je us as God-ir a 1, Mediator, is essential to all our iri.Tcourse w.'t 1 the Father. Ycu cinnot trust God, near love God, n r serve God aright unless you wil lingly cans ni to His appointed way of reconciliation, redemption, justification, and access, which is only tlmrurh the precicu i blood o". Jesus Christ. In Christ we drew n'gh uato God. Attempt not to approach unto Jehovah, who is a consuming fire, except through the incarnate God. Tell me, my hearer, is your faith fixed upon Him whom God has set forth to be the propitiation for sin ? Do you come to God in God's own way ! for He will not receive vou in any other. If you reject the way of salvat on through the blood of the Lamb, you cannot be keep ing the saying of Christ; for He says, "He that bath seen use hath seen the Fct ler," and he says this of none else. These people, ne it, making the Lord Jesus their all in all, reverenced His word, and therefore kept it ; they respected, observed, ti listed, and obeyed it. By keeping His saying is meant, first, that they accept ITis doctrine. Whatever He has laid down as truth is truth to them. My hearer, is it so with you ? With some their great source of belief is their own thought. They judge the divine revelation itself, aid claim the right, not only to interpret t hut to correct and ex- pandit. In the fullness of self-confidence, they make themselves the judges of God's Word: They -believe a doctrine because the l'ght of the present age con firms it or invents it. Their, foundation is in man's own thought. In their opinion, parts of Scripture are exceedingly faulty, and need tinkt-rmg with scientific hammers. The light of the Holy Ghost is to them a mere glow warm as compared with the light of the present advanced age. But he that is to share the promise now before us is one who believes the Saviour's word, because it is His word. He takes the sayings of Christ, and His inspired apostles, as being therefore true, because so spoken. To him the inspira tion of the Holy Ghost is the warrant of faith. A very important matter this; the foundation of our faith is even more important than the superstructure. Unless you ground your faith upon the fact that the Lord hath spoken, your faith lacks that worshipful reverence which God requires. Even if you are correct in your beliefs, you are not correct in your spirit unless your faith is grounded on the authority of God's own Word. We are to be disciples not critics. We 1 are done with cavilling, for we have ; come to believing. In this our departed deacon stood on firm ground. Fy him every teaching of the Word was accepted with a lively, childlike faith; and though tempted by the school of doubt, he was not in the least affected by its reasonings. To him the gospel was dear as life itself. As he did, so must we believe Christ's doctrines. Next, the gracious man trusts Christ's pro- , raises. This is a crucial p< i at. Without trust in Jtsns we have no spiritual life. Say, my hearer, dost thou rely upon the saying of the Lord Jesus, "lie that believeth in me hath everlasting life I" Dost-thoa believe in the promise of pardon to the man that confesseth and forsaketh his sin — pardon through the precious b!o id of the great sacri fice ? Are the promises of Christy certainties to thee, certainties hall-marked with 1 is sacred " "Verity, v ly, I say nnto you?" Canst thou hang thy soul upon the sure nail of the Lord's saying ? Gome of us rest our eternal destiny solely u; or the truthfulness of Christ. When we take all His promises together, what a fulness of confidence th ?y create in us ! " How firm a foundation, ye 6aints of the Lord, Is laid for your faith in Fi - excellent word !" IT. Now we turn to the delightful part of our sub ject, namely, the glorious deliverance which our Lord here promises: "He shall never see death." Our Lord did not mean tl»at he shall never die, for he died himself ; and his followers, in long procession, have descended to the grave. Some brethren are cheered by the belief that they >liall live until the Lord comes, and therefore they shall not sleep, but shall on'y be changed. The hope of oar Lord's appearing is a very uiCMu uuCf L'uints nuca jlc uulv , uuv 1 uu uutcuuixivc that to be alive at His coming is any great object of de ire. Is there any great preference in being changed beyond tliat of dying? Do we not read tta :, " We which are Alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord 6hail not prevent them which are a-dep ?" This is a great truth. Throughout eternity, if I die. I shall be able to say I had actunlfcTowship wi h Christ in the article of death, and in descent into the grave, which thqjs happy saints who will survive can never know.' Tt is no matter of doctrine, but yet, if one might have a choice in the matter, it might be gain to die. " The graves of all His saints He bless'd, And soften'd every bed ; Where should the dying members rest, But with the dying Head I" How dear will Christ be to us when, in the ages to come, we shall think of His death, and shall be able to say, " We, too, have died and risen again !" You that are alive and remain will certa'n'y not have a preference over us, who, like our Lord, shall taste of death. I am only speaking now of a matter of no great moment, which, as believers, we may use us a pleasant subject of discourse among ourselves. We grieve not that our brother has fallen asleep before the lord's glorious appearing, for we are sure that he will be no loser thereby. Our Lord has said, " If a man keep my saying, he shall never ice death;" and wis does not relate to the few who will remain at His second advent, but tottm cntire eompany of those \--His -saying; evm though they Pass lntothe-grave. . r ' . doesthis premiss mean?, ' It n.exus this, in the first plaee r ote foceis turned awav from death. Here wn L >' popr afoner, eoavibcod of sin, and ?xoll®e 9 f earofwialh. _ Whatis there before my face? .Whafcam l oom polled to gaze upon? The Greek is not fully mteatpteted bv the word " see ;" it is en intenser word. According to Westcott, the right here mentioned is that of " a long, steady, ex- with toezmtoreof the obj«AtchichTttoeet The awakened sinner Is made to look at eternal deathj which hi the threatened punishment of sin. He stimds gasing upe n the result of rin with terror and dismay,. Oh, thewrath to come! The death that never es I While , unf eggjven, I cannot help garing upon it, ana foreseeing it as my doom. When the gospel 01 the Lud Jesus comes to 'my soul, and I keep His saying by faith, I am turned completely round. My bkek is upon death, And my face is towards life eternal. Death is removed ; life is re ceived, and more life is promised. What do I see wrthin, an>und| and before me ? Why, life, and only hfe — life in Christ Jesus. " He is our life." In my future course on earth, what do I see? Final frinng from grace ? By no means ; for Jesus saith, 'I give unto my sheep eternal life." What do I Bee far away in the eternities ? Unending life. " He that belierveth in me hath everlasting Hfe." Now I begin to realise the meaning of that text, " I am the resurrection ; he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he Hve." And again, " I am the life ; he that liveth and believeth in roe shall never die." The man who has received the saying of the Lord Jesus has passed from death unto life, and shall never come into comdemnation, and consequently shall never gaze on death. All that lies before the believer is life, Hfe more abundantly, life to the full, life eternaL What has become of our death ? Our Lord endured it. He died for us. " He his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree." In His death as our representative we died. 1 here is no death penalty lei t for the believer; for not the leaet charge can be brought against those for whom Christ has died. Hence we sing — " Complete atonement thou hast made, And to the utmost farthing paid Whate'er thy people owed ; Nor can his wrath 011 me take place, If sheltered in thy righteousness. And sprinkled with thy blood." Shall we die for whom Christ died in the purpose of God ? Can our departure out of the world be sent as a punishment, when our Lord Jesus has so vindicated justice that no punishment is required ? When I be hold my Lord die upon the cross, I see that for me death itself is dead. Then comes in another sense of the expression. " He that keepeth my saying shall never see death," meins I that his spiritual death is gone never to return. Before the man knows Christ, he abideth in death, and wherever he looks he sees nothing hut death. Poor souls ! you know what I am talking al oat. yGU that ari now under concern of soul; for yoa tr/ to jray, and find death in your prayers ; you try to be- ieve, but seem dead as to faith. Alas, you ungodly ones ! although you know it not, death is everywhere within you. You are " dead in trespasses and sins." Your sins are to you whit grave-clothes are to a corpse ; they seem your natural investiture ; they cling to you, they bind you. Little do you know what corruption is cojning upon you, so that God Himself will say of you, " Bury the dead out of my sight." As soon as ever the gospel 8 lying of the Lord Jesus comes to a man with power, what is the effect ! He is dead no longer : he begins to see life. It may b i, that at first it is a painful life — a life of deep regrets for the past, and dark fears for the future ; a life of hungering and thirsting ; a life of pin'ng and pant ing ; a life that wants a something, it scarcely knows what, but it cannot live without it. This man sees life ; n-nd the more he keeps his Saviour's word, the more he rejoices in Christ Jesus, the more he rests on His promise, the more he loves Him, the more he serves Hun, the more will his new Hfe drive death out of sight. L fe now abounds and holds sway, and the old;death hides away in holes and corners. Though oftentimes the beHever has to mourn over the old dea h which struggles to return, yet he does not- gaze ftiof nf ain fi.u rtTlfto ViP difl . hft fifiJHlt endure it, he takes no pleasure in the contemplation of it, but cries to God for deliverance from it. Grace frees ns from the reign of death as well as from the penally of death ; and in neither of these senses shall the keeper of Christ's sayiug ever look upon death. " But," cres one," will not a Christian man die?" I answer, not necessarily ; for some will remain at the coming of our Lord, and these will not die ; ani hence there is no legal necessity that any should die, since the obligation would then rest alike on all. But good men die. The tokens of death are seen in mournful array upon my pulpit. Yet our dear brother did not die as the penalty of his sin. He was forgiven ; audit is not according to God's grace or ju .tice to punish those whom He hr s forgiven. O my hearers, if you do not believe in the Lord Jesus, fi# th will be a penal infliction to you ; but death is changed in its nature in the case of a beHever in Jesus. Our death is a falling asleep, not a going to execution. J t is a departure out of the world unto the Father, not a being driven away in wrath. We quit the militant host of earth for the triumphant armies of heaven by the gate of death ; that which was a cavern leading to blackness and darkness for ever, has by the resur rection of onr Lord, been made into a 1 open tunnel, which serves as a passage into eternal glory. As a penal infliction upon believers, death was abolished by our Loid : and now it has become a stairway from the grace-Hfe below to glory-Hfe above. " If a man keep my saying, he shall never gaze on death," may further mean, be all not live under the 1 .influence of it. He shall not be.perpetually thinking of death and dr eading Ha. approach, and that which follows after it. I must admit that some Christians are in bondage through fear of death: but that is because they do nqt keep, their Master's saying as they ought to . do. The effect of Hi« saying upon n Is frequently such that instead of "bring afraid to die, we come to long to depart. In such a cise we should realise the verses of Watts, who tells us that could we see the saints above, we should long to join them. " How we should scorn these robes of flesh, Tiiese fetters and this load ! And long for evening to undress, That we may rest iq God, " We should almost forsake our day Before the summons come, And pray and wish our souls away To their eternal home." I have to check some dear brethren when they say to me, " Let me die the death of the righteous." No, do not talk as Balaam did ; bat rather say, " Let me live, that I may glorify God and help my sorrowing brethren in the Lord's work." I pray yon, do not hasten to be gone: and yet this impatience proves that death has lost its terrors for us. We do not see death looming before us as a coming tempest : wo do not gaze upon it as a f ascinating horror which makes our faces pale, and casts a lurid glare on all around. We see not the darkness, for we walk in the light : we fear not the rumbling of the chariot, for we snow who rides to us therein. We shall never see that which is the reality and essence of death, namely the wrath of God in the . second death. We have no cause to fear condemna tion, for "It is God that justifieth." That final separation from God, which is the real death, of human nature, can never come to ua. " Who shall separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord!" That ruin in misery which the word " death" describes, when used in relation to the soul, will never befall us; for we shall never perish, neither shall any pluck us out of Christ's hand. When the bel'ever dies, he does not gaze on death. He walks through the valley of toe shadow of death ; but he fears no evil, and sees none to fear. A shadow was cast across my road, but I passed through it, aud scarcely percelv .-d that it was there. Why was that ? Because I had my eye fixed upon, a strong light beyoad ; and I did not notice the shadow which other wise would have distressed me. Believers a e so rej oiced by the presence of their Lord and Master, that they do not observe that they are dying. They rest so sweetly in the embrace of Jesus, that they hear not the voice of wailing. When they pass from one world into another, it is something like going from England to Scotland : it is all one kingdom, and one sun shines in both lands. Often travellers by railway ask. " When do we pass from England into Scotland ?" There is no jerk in the movement of the train ; no broad boundary ; you glide from one into the other, | and scarce know where the boundary lies. The eternal life that is in the beHever slides along from grace to glory without a break. We grow steadily on from the ola e to the ear, and from the ear to the full corn ; but no black belt divides toe st iges of growth from one another. We shall kn w when we arrive ; but the passage may be so rapid that we shall not see it. From earth to heaven may seem the greatest of journeys, but it is ended in the twinkling of an eye. . "One gentle sigh, the fetter breaks, We scarce can say, ' He's gone,' Before the ransomed spirit takes Its mansion near the thro ie." He shall never gaze on death; He shall pass it by with no more than a glance. He shall go through Jordan as though it were dry land, and scarce know that he has passed a river at all. Like Peter, the departing shall scarce be Bure that they have passed through the iron gate, which shall open of its own accord ; they shall only know toat they are free. Of each one of them it may be said, as of Peter. " He wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision." Fear not death; for Jesus says, " He toat keepeth my saying shall never see death." Follow the soul when it enters upon the other world ; toe body is left behind, and the man is a dis embodied spirit; but he does not see death. All the life he needs he has within his soul by being one with J esus. Meanwhile, he is exnectins that at the trump of toe resurrection his body will be reunited with his soul, having been made to be the dwelling and the instrument of his perfected spirit. While he is absent from the body, he is so present with the Lord that he does not look on death. - But the judgment-day has come, the great white throne is set, the multitudes appear before the Judge ? What about toe keeper of Christ's saying ? Is he not afraid? It is toe day of days, the day of wrath 1 He knows that he shall never see death, and therefore he is in no confusion. For him there is no "Depart, ye cvrsrd." He can never come under the eternal sentence. Bee ? hell opens wide her mouth tremendous. The pit- which of old was digged for the wicked yawns and receives toem. Down sink the ungodly multitude, a very cataract of souls. " The wicked shall be turned into hell, and all the nations toat forget God." In that terrific hour, will not his foot slip ? No ; he shall stand in the judg ment, and shall never see death. But toe world is in a blaze ; all things are being dissolved, and the elements are melting with fervent heat ; too stars are falling like the leaves of autumn, and the sun is black as scckcloth of hair. Is he not now alarmed ? Ah, no ! He shall never see death. His ejes are fixed on life, and he himself is full of it. He abides in life, he spends that life in praising God . He shall never gaze on death ; for Jesus says, " Be cause I Hve, ye shall Hve also." O blessed eyes, that shall never look on death ! O happy mind, that has been made confident in Jesus Christ of an immor- 1 tilifcy for which there is n» hazard! Our dear j jbrbtuer was the e nbodimi ni of life in the service of 1 jtoe Lord. Last Gabbath lie sat in tots a -at behind 1 ime,- and responded in his very soul to the Word bf toe Lord. Last Monday was spent all clay in - the pervica of G«d and this churoh, ia the most hearty, manner. Taough a great sufferer, his spirit camel. Ihim over his bodily weakness, and he constantly exhibited an amazing zeal for God and the souls of men. - To the last toe old ruling passion was strong in him : he would speak for his Lord, JIC was so struck down that he did not know that he was dying, Ce found himself in heaven or ever he was aware, and I daretay he said to himself, " I thought 1 was going to the Tabernacle ; but here I am in ths temple of my God. For many a year I took my seat .among my brethren below, or went about serving my Lord among His people, and now I -have a mansion above. and behold His face; but I will now see what there fit to do." Yes, he will serve God day and night in his temple, just as he did here ; for he was nevertired of work for Jesus. He was always at it, and always full of life. He never beheld death while he was with ns, for he overflowed with Hfe, and when physical death came, he did not gaze upon it, but simply bowed his head, aud found himself before the throne. What a glorious word is this ! Alas for you who are ungodly ! you are made to look on death. It haunts you now ; what will it be in the hour of your decease ? " What will you do in toe swelling of Jordan ?' ' Nothing remains for you but toe wages of sin, which is death. The ruin and misery of your souls will be your endless portion. You will be shut in with toe finally destroyed, ruined, and wretched ones for ever ! This is a dreadful looking for of judgment. It ought to startle you. But as for the believer, surely the bitterness of death is past. We have nothing more to do with death as a penalty or a terror, any more than we have to do ivith spiritual deaths 8 toe choke-damp of the heart, and the mother of corruption. III. This brings me to the third point— the great Quickener. Those Jews —what a passion they were in i How unscrupulous their talk? They could not even quote CI »' st's word s correctly. They said , Thou sayest, If a mankeepmy saying, lie shall never taste of death." He did not say so. He said, " Shall never see death." We may be said to taste of death as our Master dil ; for it is written that " He tasted death for every man." And yet in another sense we shall never taste the wormwood and call of death, for to us it is " swallowed up in victory." Its drop of gall is lost in the bowl of victory. However, the Lord Jesus did not say that we shall never taste of death ; neither did he mean that we shall not die, in the common sense of toe word. He was using, to the Jews, words in that religious sense in which their own prophets used them. The ancient scrip tures so used the word death ; and these Jews knew their meaning r'ght well. Death did not always | mean the separation of the soul from the body ; for the Lord's decoration to Adam was, 41 In the days that thou eatest thereof thou shall surely die." Assuredly, Adam and Eve died in the sense intended ; but they were not annihilated, nor were their souls separated from their bodies ; for they still remained to labour on earth. " The soul that sinneto it shall die," relates to a death which consists of degrada tion, misery, inability, ruin. Death does not mean annihilation, but something very different. Over throw and ruin are toe death of a soul, just as per fection and joy are its life for ever. . The separation of toe soul from God is toe death penalty ; and that is death indeed. The Jews refused to understand our Lord ; yet they clearly saw that what Jesus claimed tended to glorify Himabove Abraham and toe prophets. Hidden away in their abusive words, we find a sense which is instructive. It is not the greatness or the goodness of a beHever that secures his eternal life ; it is his being linked by faith to the Lord Jesus Christ, who is greater than Abraham and the prophets. The man keeps Christ's saying, and that becomes a bond between him and Christ, and he is one with Christ. Because of their Lord, the saints live ; and toe Uving of the saints by Him brings to Him glory and honour. His life is seen in every < m of His people ; like mirrors, they reflect His divine life. He has Hfe in Himself, and that Hfe He imparts to His chosen As the old creation displays the glory of the Father, so the new creation reveals the glory of the Son. Believers find their highest life in Christ Jesus their Lord, and every particle of it glorifies Him. It is also to our Lord's glory that we live by His word. He does not sustain us by the machinery of Providence, but b / H s word. As toe world stood out into being because God spake, so do we Hve and contiaue to live because of Christ's sayiug. That which He taught, being received into our hearts, becomes the origin - and the nourishment of onr eternal life. It is greatly gL rlfyiug to Christ that by His word all spiritual lie m the countless myriads of believers is begotten and sustained. It is clear that toe Lord Jesus is far greater than Abraham aud all the prophets. Their word could not make men Hve, nor even Hve themselves. But the saying of Jesus makes aU live who receive it. By keeping it toey Hve— yea, Hve for ever. Glory be to the name of Him who quickeneth whom He trills ! A sweet inference flows from all this, and with that I conclude. The glory of Christ depends upon the not see'ng of death by all who keap Hissaying. If you andl keep His saying, and we see death, then Jesus is not true. If you, believing in Jesus, gaze on death, it will be proved that either He had not the power or the will to make His promise good . If the Lord fails in any one case, He has lost the honour of His faithfulness. Oh ye trembling, anxious souls, lay hold on this : " His Honour is engaged to rave The meanest of his sheep." If the saint of God, who has won thousands for Jesus, should after all perish, what a failure of covenant engagements there would be! Bit toat failure, would be just as great if one of the least of all those who keep our' Lord's word should be suffered . to perish. Such aloes of honour to our ail-glorious , Lord is not to be imingmed ; and hence if one of ybu ' who are toe 'cist in your Father's house do ieallr,1 trust in Him, though encumbered with inflrmifiea ana imperfections f ge must keep you from beholding - death. Ha truth, His power, His immutability, His love, are all involved in His faithfulness to Hi pro- mise to each believer. I want you to take this homa . with you, and be comforted. Ay , and if I have some foul transgressor here this morning, the grossest sinner toat ever Hved. if thou wilt come to Christ, lay hold upon bw .gracious saynff. keep it, and be obedient to it, thoushalt never see death. There is not a soul in hell toat caa ever say, "I have kept Christ's saying, and I have sem death, for here I am," There never will be on such, or Christ'sglory would be tarnished throughout eteraity. Keep His saying, and he will keep you from, seeing death I Amen. 