UOUSL 01F h ' MON. A STRY OF THE°I "BLLArK 1St 1.." OP SOUTH STAFFORDSlIitE. at JEANIE OhTNNE BEITAx?i1 Author of Ater SoECEx8 Two LEOIACS," rC. CIITATEP XLIL- rCo.:-zxrr,. . liL'r poe'., mr coed frieo:l," o:id the foreigner. **It is as dark as th :rove. tlhi eeo?tr of yours. I am dClpair to cdI til wm.y to Mr. He beet's." "The way ita't through me," res:;nire..l Ir. Rimpler irately. and imagining for ,ome roeo na that n reeog.isert the voice. "* What do so, want with Mr. Ifackbit: I lt ,ng to itha " Well, I am come to ,'Wove:hampton," re. plied the roreigner contidentially, ' to do some emjajig performances. Ther are not ele ratld pele at all: they will not give up a roamatI mlnt pI first : and the printer, he must not print my 1ills until I do first payv him. Is this not strangwe And I am absolutely without the means to pay till I have performed. I am without watch, and many other things. which Monsieur the pawnroker is in posseesion of, at the last place I am to ; rud a kind gen tieman to whom I explained mr diRitultvha told me you ore agent for a monoey- lending Rim 'er thought, " lackbit wouldn't t too ad 1 to have his perate addrs given," and wondered who could have done it. "It Would not matter so much," the foreigner went on, "hut I have an incum. bance with me. in the shape of a woman who is no longer young, and no longer pretty, who, like the cherubim in your Church prayers, * contiunally doth er " and he waited e-i. detl eaxpecting pit on this point; but Mr. impler only laughed. "I see you hare never been in a hlke situation or you would not Isagb. It is no matter for laughter, I will amire you." "That's all you know about it. Why don't you get rid of the woman 1" I hae already done so many times, but the las a fine instinct, she. She comes again; sad to, if she were in her grave, she would come again, that woman." "All ight," sail Rimp!er; "you go up that *rsy' vaguely indicating, "and I'll follow "If you hare no objecdioa, I will wait fcr n. It is not inviuing, that road. I haIe een everywhere, bhut never hare I seen any thn hlike this." "ut I have an objection. You won't hurt y~orself. I'oreigoes are always so rash." lie had pcked up that wor-, in the nr,igbour "If you do not object," said the foreigner. "you will be o good as to lead me to a laee of safety a little further on, where I will remain whlle you speak with m':a'eea:lle." Rimpler was furious. "Confound you," he said, "what do rou me:n ?" "Oh, I thought the ma'cm'sclie was waiting for some one by that pieo nof building." "It isn't for me, at all events," said Rimpler, telling a lie. "Oh, then, it it is nit for you,I will tell to I have spoken with her, but she is no chicken. she." Rimpler was thinkling. "How corld he have found that out in the dark ?" and slid so. "There was noting of shrness in her manner," said the foreigner, " and I did gather from other indicathons-" Rimpler decided that Dorcas should wait it ort that night, and went on with the foreigner to Hackbit'e, where a loan was arranged. CHAPTER LXIII.-A CoryT T"rurr. The little matter of busoness IMonieur Ptli ols had to transact with Mr. IHackbit was arrsnged atunally in that gentleman's abserce. Ke.ioh had been up at her mother' all day. so Mr. Biacklit took the opportunity of looking over all her belongings, imagin!cg that he might discover some prerations for fight. But he wsu disappointnl. He found n thing in KeziGs' orderly drawers and boxes hut the most natural and ordinary things. Incon: sistent as it must app ear, he was angry at n t Ending what he had sought, and a recelve came into his mind, without his being per fectly conscious cf it If pc-opte put themelves in a frame of mind to do a thing, they are rertty sure to find an opportunity, and them. Se prepared to act. Hackbit's opportunity came this night Xeziah had returned in time fcr surfer, which Lad been put off owing to 31r. impiler's and Mr. hirkhbit's non'appcararce. Stas and 3Monsieur PelI.is ca.me in liret, and re.nained in the omo same. time, the for?igner going away before UsckLit's return. That gentle man made a great noise in the entrance-hall when he did come, and to all appearan:e had been drinkining again. He came in smiing,. jnutu he always emiled when be was going to anything remakably offen.ire. " Well, Rimpler," he said sarcastically, " I hope yon ar enjoying my wroe's oO.cey.". limlper made no rely. lieialh bt her lip, anrod looked angry. "'You know the stock she comes of, Bimpler," he went en. " One of them, whose Sriptnre knowldge is groat, said something about not gathering tigS frc. thistles. I wish Ihad thought of that when I married my wife. We're all toos till we learn. I took her for a saint You know what she is, Rimrler. Did you ever see a man so infernally sold "" Keziah fixed her black eyes with wrathful intensity on Hackhit's face. "s'hat do you want to goad me to do i'" ?aid she. "Is there anything you are anxious to be goaded into doing i' replied Hacktit, seating himself in a chair, and tipping It up on the hind iasish looked as if about to quit the room, but she changed her mind, and aet down. ;he would not have done so had she known what would follow. " Have you ever heard the story about my wife, Itimpler " went on Iackbit, insolently. he had a situation at I.eamington, and managed to get over the medical man in at tendane at the house, whro was uUbeO.uently taken up on a charge of murler. the then laid her traps for me, and here I am. anyone SLHow dire yon insult me sol" treke out Kezisa. Slhe left the room, followel by insca letlanghter. Shedid nut appear aganthat night A bed had been prepared for her pro ely min the spare room, since the night osehad inathere cn the bsrebedstead. Haekhit went to bed rsather early, for him. But Mr Iimpler had no notion of going to ed Io ho seen Kezoiuh a fewa days ag~oploe a sheetof white paper under some stones. lIe .ssained it: nthing was writtten on it Hebadsat in his room silently for a long time, when he heard a creasking npon the sttlrs. &omebody; was going down; of course, it was Ieiah. He waited some time patiently; but lba dida not see hn r are outride. Ie thought to himself, if she hid gone to meet that fellow -bhlsed brpcal .rngtmtt with YL t Elnwrthy, they must have geoue round to the back of the back of the house; so he deter mined to go round and reconnoitre. Tlhohouse was quite still. lie thought he might venture to do it. The lauding window lay between the rooom where Keoiahiwas raw sle, ping and the night nurser, lie thoug ht. ii they were in the garden behind. he should hear as well as see from this po'ition. It was hia habit when he wentinto a new house to trr all the lucks and all the windows, to leant if they had ?su peculiarity of opening and shutting. This he alwaysmsna",ed to to in a natural manner. Conselquenllr, he had ascertained that the landing windorw would open without a sound, though his own would not. So he very quietly rised the window. and put his head out. lie could see nothing, it was so dlark. Blut then, he argued. "If I cau gee nothing, the sasredarki les renders rme inrisilto to others, which is also o.,mething." Yes, there was some one moving below, and the sound of low voices. "I am afraid to stay in the same house with hint," he heard Keeih say. "Yet if I freel myself, and went away from him, then he and all the world would say it was to go to you, which I would never do, except as now." A lor voice answered, " Is my reputation worth more to me than yon arn, Kizzyry You must come to no, if you have so much rea>on to fear. And why nioti Thee laws are men's laws, antd nt God's. You are mine be right. What does it matter what people saz You would goaway, far from the reach of their Voices. It cotld not matter to you then." "If no one knew, I should know," was Keaish's renlr. "No, I will never do that. If I leave mr'housland's roof, you must promise me faithfully you will never see me or apeak to me again." She wasso arnest that she could nriot but promise. But he felt in his heart he hall priomki.d more than he could perform. In the hbatlies ;o'he ool it it a question of thIe riht of the strongest: and lore for Keziah, and desire to possess her, were stronger this time with p:or lIlworthy than any mans-made laws. Silas, who had heard every word of this, felt he had bhen having a irrr good time; and as thery '-~n'sd talking. an apptredl to separate, he sioely ht'gan to put d own the window. nut s 'et'tin" hapl ned that made him stop 5su dd nl in theperation. Sometohingappeared to fly at hin .:lurt was pauring down upou him. lh'i se tlt:n ae a much tiuware; that he cgulle not help cryinr rout,whereupoan he was seizedby the throat and hair, and shaken ahout as if he had leen a pillow: after which he was flung upon the landing, and received the contents of a blcket, which nalyv chrckel him. liHe could do nthing hobt utter irarticulate sounds. Nor did tIle exipe.rince tenninate as yet. Suddenly he felt himse?. being drag-ed in the darkncss, along the !anding into his own room. Then a voice for the 1:rst time ecc:sted him. It was W\ilon's. ''Y'ake that for a lessen, you sneak. in; celvre:rI'p r,",hoe sail: "" and till iaybply abt it if you wiih to" -this in a tor! that showed eilas phiolry she was artule nooagh to know t, would .e.a "otoning about it. lie dragged lisdlti up :iom the t1or aft' r a momen:rt rt c ,i, ao::d truck a match. Ills door wan shut. HIe heard a wcping of soaietthing going on cr'ooit'. and cancludet that Wits xi was wiuri? up the spilt w.r, Hle lit his rat:dle, a:Id mot!boered savagely that he had been unablo to ut'er a word or do anything. anit a ished he had the time over again. Mr. Rimplcr Elowlr aet with some of his orlinary mrnner advanced towaros the glass, and looked a- hi;ste!f. which he continned todo forsome minutes His face had asumed its normal brick-wall expreesiou, At length he hegan: "Item No. 1. cr.rr.t missing: item No. , blask mirk on left eye; item No. 3, portions of hair mising; item ' No. t, shirt front torn out- as near as possible." he added : "item No. ., large lump on back of heat, can't see it, can feel enough to tmake up for thiat: item No. 6, a dreadful feeling along the vertebr.r, from top to bottom, ind:ecritable, ean'r see that either ; item No. 7, a large piece of cuticle missing under black ere, will necetsitate a piece of plaister: item No. S." he said, as he began to takeoff his loth:es, "every one of my things as wet as if I'd been srimming in them; item No. 9., n feel another lump coming out over the left tre: item No. 10, an ifernal heandache. All this to be put n paper." Mr. limpler wrapped himself in a blanket, and wrote down his list of itemsin his pocket book, to be remembered against Wilson for ever, and whilehewrote, Wilson had cleared away all the mess, and was anxiously waiting for Keziah to come in. And now that her I exertions were over, and that she had had the ileasure she had longed for, of giving it to "that ?impler," a feeling of depression came over her. She had heard Keziah's voice below. SThen it is true." she thought, after all. " What a pity :" end she waited and watched for Keziah's camiing in. But Kerah was at that moment tbing ?rsuaded never to came in ran mere. and she was wavering. But she and Rupert had heard the cry. though they had ict recognised the voice; and they thought they had been discovered. Keziah had dung desperately to lupert's arm and he held her firmly. "Come away, Kiz'y, mr dear love, while there is yet time. If rou go he will murder you, now he has disocreeed. Why should you throw yourself into the jaws of death at ran. don, and ruin my life too, for such a villain as he is? What c?a~ d the wcrhl say aainst you 1 They know what he is. lZizy,"hepleaded, " you are so trave, and hare dared so much. Come. dare the world's opinion, and go with me. I hare plenty of money. I could get a practrce abroad, easily. Thtnk, let love decide, to whlam do ?cu owe allegiance ? To that man, who has done nothing to earn it: or tome. who am ready to do everrthine for eour sake ? You trusted ysurseif to him : can you not traust yourself to me ? Think, Kiy. all you have made me safer. Can you imagine what my feelings must bare leen, to come out of prison t,, fnd the one who should have been true to me, though all else had failed-to find you be. lcnging to another[ Do you notowe me any. thing, Kio:s, for loving you so after all thil? But you mu'st decide now, this very momenit. Sameana will ho here. You mumt decide between hi and me." And no: waiting for a reply, he led her with his strong arm about her, downc the gpardauo path and out at the gate. :'he had been scarcely cons?eicus of anything but the strength of what he said, till now that she was moving wayw . She stoplped with a new strength, and ,ased his arm from about her. "No." she said, "Ieanbotdie. I will go back. le will think all this evil against me. IIe shall never hate retaon. Since I hae lost oamy solf.respect lthe oe!y thing left to me: ard would you, who say you love me. rob me of t.hat " Ite did not aler to take hold of her again. A streak of light was beginning to be visible in the east, and the objects in the garden bgin to te delined. "Oh'" she said, with a shudder, "it is growing daylight; another m:oment and it would be too late for me to go btack." .\nd even while the spoke she fled away, and entered the bhoase. As she went she heard a gieat sob follow, and it wrung her hea't. 'he b?eit.atcs one moment. " Is he wcrth this sacrifice," ehe .aid to herself, " of both our lires i" But ertn while she thought, a roicewithin herbade her go bark. She en tiered the house. A tall fgure intercepted her p1th It was Wilson. "ih, Mica KInoy," she Msid, cullinghlr.bv the oli futilir name in a heartbroken kind of way, "I wo.lan't harebroirved itof you, Iwouldn't" Keziab, in her rId impentuous manner, flang her arms about Wilron, and cried upon her shoulder. "Donot judgememe so harshly." she said. " Yo would nt if you knew a il." Wison wasnrelentag th?'gh cryirng; she was angry witno Keiah, andl as yet ha no cam prehen.rin of the c.e. "I know apoearances arc aginsle me, and I ca?n.t make you b:lierve in me. Bat I have dene nothing so very wrong." "Oh, don't make lightofit, miss. It cn nd! ie right, whicherer way you put it." " I know I oaght not to have rmet him. I rrnever shall meet tLim agin" "It's ton tlte to mend matters now," cald Wilson. "I'm not the only one ashasseean you tonight, and has heard all." Do you meon my hahband i" asked Keo"ah, faintly. " No," said Wilson, bitllry. "Ycu might know who it is-that rIlimper. And he will tell everenthig, and it woll be joudtas bad." " Oh. Wilon. there'sno pity for me in your tone. Do I notde:rte some pity i" " You're been drosve to it. I kcow. But that never counts fcr much, The only thing as counts is that rou're done it. And oh, that I should have lived to see this day !" .Shall I go and tell my husband all about it before Mr. :impler can go to him 1" said K?e"ih, in a tone that might be used in a for Wion hesItatecd. "No." at last she re. plied, "Ithikntot, miss. ilhs angermight be a, that he wouldn't know what be did to you, ile heard it fIrcm on." And Kei-h felt that a stronghold of htr integrity had died; far she could not say to her huahand," He never tried to persuade me to leave you." Some women milbthiave said it, even if untrne: but Kezinah could not. She feared this must come out with the rnt. She would nottell part of the truth, hilt the whole traUth, if shemat spe.k. And eovn iI she hid not speak, her hushand waould cme to her, and abe woald bare to answer him. While they talted, the grey streat in the sky, had crorn larier. Wilson started. Sho noticed the could sce Ke:iaoh naw--the outliu? of her f9iue. "The servants will he coining down,' she said: "no to your ro:it. It is a wonder they are not down lefoure, but I have been to staggered, I had not tholught of it." Knzihh fled up the stairase like a creature airaid of the light, and Wilson went to Leonard. who was waking. It was soon breakfast time. Keiah had dresned herself nicely, why, she could hardly have toll, for she felt she was going to hear her sentence., 'o her great surprise, on going to the break. fastrronm, for it wt not Ke'iah to abunt here snif, Mr. Rimpler was there before her. and appeared ea!m, as if nothing had happened. He had a black eye, and a plaster under it, which Keziah did not remember to hare seen before, and which air. Itimpler blunderingly proceeded to a:naogise for, saying he had tumbled over something in his room in the dark: he did not attempt to say what. Keeiah felt he was telling her a lie, and instinetively the idea itme into her mind that he had had a tussle with Wilson, and ehe smiled. Strange that humanbeings are so con. •titute, that, in the moments when they are saddest and most sore pressed, the coptirv mind releases itself from bandago in spite of all con. tml, and catchse eagerly at an opportunity for mirth. So Ke.iah smilet in the depth of her trouble. A few minutes later IMr. Itckbit came down. ie was much as usual, rude and inattentive, and aggravating. But, beyond this, nothing occurred. Was the storm about to blow over, or was its breaking only deferrcd. Could Wilson have been mistaken about Iimpler's having found her out? These quentions puznled Keciah extremely, and she could not help thinking about them in spite of herself. After Ireakfast she noticed that Mr. Rim lrr made no attempt to have private commmucai tion with her huslband, ani she remarked this to Whieon, and said that he might not know, or, if he did, he right not be go:ng to tell. "larve you ever seen a cat with a mouse, missi'" was the answer. "She lets it run about, ael think it'elf free, because she can put her foot on it when she likes." "Well," .ait aeriah. wearily. "Only if it is to come, I with. it wotild come quickly." CIIAPTER XI.IV.--Jr:aL itr.vrcrs Jri'xry. That morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the house of Iinlrrmrr, Jubtl and his uncle Iivid 're comllig aC?oot the Old hPark from the stationt of .rutley. " What a hCeathenish place this is!" Juhal remarked to his uncle, looking scmrnfully aroundl at the wretched tumb!e.down buildings, the literally black road, and the great mounds of cinders, and ominous.looking holes. " Ieally, I had no idea it wan half so bad as this." "Ab, J::bTln' said his uncle, " we never can judge a place till we rc another to compare it wmit. When I was a little lad, and ued to carryr our gr.'n: father's d:nner in a bahin tied up, in a h rlkerchief, I shouil have been ready to slar nro:'iv as had said Jumley wasn't the tinest'llace in the wer!l. No, not that," !aid David, b!,shinc: t!iyhtly. " I was always more like rannin awayr than slaying aoeoty. Ilat these minet," he went on, pointing with his walking alick, " weren't worked out then, Jubti, that is, Ial o! 'om weren't. And Jcsh::a, your lather, Dlrcna, and I, and the dear laby that died, we used to play of a night, at hop. scotch with a piece of coal, in this very place, and we used to run over the pit-banks until it got dark. And you tee that house over there, Jubal '" he said, indicating the remains of one; "manr's the time I've aren your grandfather washing what he elled ' the lint coat' off, out. side that door. There was always a bench standing there, with a tub on it. ready for him. Your grandmother mwas a very dlean Womtn, and she couldn't bear to have her place mesed np, she said, as soon as it was c!eaned." "Well, unole," rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in his cheeks. "I mean no offence; but for oar future conmfoet, it may be as well that I Ihould just nay, that I am not particularly proud of haring had a grandfather who worked in a coalpit; nor am I particolarly in. terested in detailed accounts of his methods of performing a toilet: nor of games played by my father and aunt I)orcss and you. And if I tring any fellows home with me. as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But fellows are apt to look down on this sort of thing. I don't mean to say my grandfather might not have been a very good man." "lie was a very good man.' said his uncle in a low tone. Ie was taking in with diuicultywhat be was hearing, and he was wounded. Jubal went on " You see, however interesting these accounte may be to members of the family, they eannnt be interesting to ountiders." "But you are not an outsider, Juba!," re. plied his uncle, in the same grieved tone. "Still,rou s*c," went on Joubn, "I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to notbelonging to him. And,"he a?ded, tak ingout cigar, and lighting it, atthe rame time being very careful not to soil his straw coloured glove, which fitted to a nicety, and wrsbordered by the whitest of white cuffs, " I can't say that I know a single membtr of the family that anyone would lke to belong to ex cept you." And Jubal glanced through his long lashes, at his uncle's face, to see the efect of his little c mpliment. Hle saw only the troubled l.ok. Ivaied Iimmon did not care much for complients, and did not see them readily. but he did notice Jubal's cigar, and said tohin "Well, .Tubal if I were you, I wouldn't go into your father's ahoye smoking, seeing he dislikes it so," " I would do a good deal to please you, uncle, but I *ball not come here to pdarer my father. Thee are not to kill the fatted calf on tug thalf, and hail the prodial retrnld. .And that is the kind of story he'd tell to all the clerks in the bank. if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I'm penitent, it shall be a direct lie, he shan't have a fouindation of excunre for it. And see. uncle," he aaid, point ing with his hand in which he bld his lichted clear for a morment. "as you are fend of re mix aee .-, there in the nole edifuce occupiedby grandmo:her during the latter ptrt of her delightful nojourn iu this neigdhbocrhood." David, tslo though he wras, c:uld take the impression of a tone as quickly as anyone; and he felt that Jabol had known her as a quetlons old woman, it wans true; but David had known her as the patient, hard-working mother of the family, lie could remember many a time being racked in her arms at the cottage door, wb hen had falleni down, or when some pl?yfellow had lbeen hitting him. IHe did naot put all this in words, hut he ?aid with a gentle dignity which became him greatly SYou asked me. Jtubal,not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhoodl. I owbeg ef you nut to refer to your grandmother, whom you never knew-I re;eat st, never knew; for people are not them?elves hut someone else, when they are wcrrn down by many griefs." "Oh, all rigiht, uncde," said Jubal. "I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true wht you say. Iwas on:yj hitngeither." "That was just it," nald David; "youn were jcking," They were now pausing a ruined engine houne; and Jucul.hapleningto glance down. tw lying hkifhidden under a rusty wheel what appeared to b a Lnadle of porchment. Ile toohkt op. and put it into hit Iouke. ·" iTh:t'aithat ea aked his uncle. "A bit of old parchment snomebody has thrown away" "Iuty u have never enminedit It might beasome important doc- ument. I don't know hawyon are to knot, if ya don': crmine it" The fact is that Inbal did know what it was, anddid not wih his ande to koow-that in,h knew ton crtain extent. tIe had re cogniaed his father's handwriting upon it; that was enough for him. Yes ; the knife hrd boen to the grinder's, and had got aharpentd; but it seemed to have dreamsof cutini on it. own account. Jn?t.al, having a notion that his uncle was pondering over what he had picked up. and winhiog to change his thoughits, remarked, "VWhat an aful mer this road makes of one's hoots nod one's trousers !" "You can turn your trousers up," replie his uncle, ookiungldown at Jubal'. "1 tiurme mine up in th? u atina." "liBt yon ee," return Jaubal, in a lordly fashion, " trouncr.bottom, never sit well when theo'r bean turned up. It quite spols the Thi kind of talk was beyond David's com prehetnsion. Butr junt as he had always thought that Jnhua knew better than he did, so n)w he thought that Jubal did, at lenut in m t thiigs, Tie stronger will hau oten this kind of effect on the weaker one, A strong wind is propelling a boat on a coarne which threat.en edisater; surely the wind annot be at fault Why then trouble to alter the cils I The boat may be blownupon the rork and smuaedto atoms, but what of that r One must submit to the will of Providence. Jubll pulled his coat a little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They were in the roadl where hbs father lived. In the hooues they bad to pes. pleopl might be at the widowa- yneu le be had known, and who had known himwhen he wu shabby, and used tog about with a 'stoop. Boys be uned toplI rmarbls worl probably ee m. Wel a they did, they shouldt so a geitleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jl.ual thought, Lwhowas not ruined by his r.thcr's disin t.riting him, who was not coming honom in sack cloth and ashes to denf-e his reperntnce, but in as fashionable a suit as the best !3anches!er tailorcould nike for him, and with an irand manner befitting such clothes. It wis no beggar comig to his fther's house to o?k bread. Julal went s a prince conferring a favnur by his presence. Tho doorwas opened. Sarah, who had not seen Jubal ,o long, could hardly keep her joy in. Sho seized him after the manner of the Ilia'k "'aunty people, no too gently. " And, i4h, what a beautilul gentlhman he's growed ilito,' she exclaime. " less his handsome face." SIt war not until she had exhiauted as many teithets as she could think of, that she began to notice that Jlhal was not so effusive. In fact, lie was considering whether she had beent cooking, and might poNaibly grease his clothes. Ies aid- "Oh, so it'syou, Sarah. How do you do " This without a smile, and in a very condescend. Ing way; and he was about to pass her, when he turned tack, and putting his hand in his pocket, took out halfacrown. " eIIr. Sarah," a said, superiorly, "you lent me half-a- crown onea; hereit ii. I just remembered it." - Strah stared at him in blank amaiement, hut did not hold out her hand-the hard. working, tough hand that was always to kindly and so ready to labour to the uttermost in loring oices for those she cared for. Jubal dropped the half-a-crown into her hand, taking great care not to touch her with his glare. The tnuch of the cold metal seemed to make atrahre.uliss the truth. She flung it from her, and flung her apron over her heal, and began to sob, whileshe gasped out '"No, I will never take it: no, not if I were stir-ing. To think that I would ha' giTe all my osmgs for one shake of his hand." Jubal flushed, and drew oft one of his tight fitting gloves. " Dear me," he said," if its a shake-hands you want. I don't object to ahaking hands;" and he held out a hand whito cnough to have done a lady credit, but the girl would not take it. How many have Lua to suffer a like disippointment: how frew are irepared for it bcforehand. Our brothterorour ist:r goes away from us for nears, to come back again, so the world ars. rhe boar lurns, perhap%, but the same "self never. W?e have said goodbve to that rprson forever. Yet Ite whlo sta at Ihome think of the absent dva acd night dniang the long yec.4, and bretl their tearts when but a ghost of the lost one comes home. Jubalmerely did as the world dol ; c.nly Sarah hal never thought out the quretion. She knew that for years she had llghtered his life when he war at ho::ie and miserable, that she had during the past week prepared all kinds of pleasant surprises for him. And now he treated her like a stranger, and did not even bhake hands with her. O simple Sarah ' with your good heart, you h--e mae and hidden away in the cuiiloard an apple. Ipaty tl r him: but his tait.s have chinap'. he does not care for alre-tcatv ras r. Ir;'r ' /, -. ,, is more in hb lini. Y'ou ti i- s .'ael leave the paty in tle capulard i hnro it is. Iuteape in the 1la':k Co.untry dcn't tcr -uieuy. TIhey do n'thi?- by hixres. A\n arah' cry brought M.ms Dureoas on the scen-, rcsplin uent in a green rilk. " Whaterer's this di:slrhance nL-ut !" l.d that lady. But her eves faliing on her uepew,r. he wat thunderstru:lty hsi ppearrt;e. 'ould this handsomae igire that might have come o:t of a gentletan't fashion.bik i h Lh r e .hcw Jubal Itseemed impossble. low d'ye do, aunt" t,"iiJJul)l, txtinling the tipsof his fingers. " think you are too ne for such a houe as this." she remarkel somewhat c'rtinuly. "* We are not grand enough for such a fine' gentle. man." " Ah,'' said Jubal, w:'h a mok tbow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) "It is not to enjoy myself I have came, bhit to se the nakedness of the laud. You see." he said, hopinghis father was eomewherewi:hinhearing, " I've not let my Scripture knowfldga ruat. aBt relly aunt, you are behind te timesdown here at Jumley ; green isn't in fashion, you know, now-not in 3!arcester.' This was a very spiteful thrust, and it went home. " To are ver rnde, indeed," rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green silk nevertheless. "I get the fshion-plite regularly. I know what's in fashion better than ou. Well, David," ihe said, turning abruptly towards herbrother; and a col family kis was exchanged. But where was Mrs. rimmon all ths time? Will It be believed she was within hearing, and et did not come tospeak to her son? Sthewu half-afraid. He did not seem to have received the others -r t: what woald he think of her ? Jubal went iniu tsh dining-.u? ..- -.. ; hs mother in the dark p?asse leading into the kitchen. The table was.idfordinner. Jutal looked at CTetrthing en the table, whiile his unc!e and his father thook hands. Mr. iimmon was determined not to be the first to speak to his son, andJubal decided that he could vre w.thout thaking hands with his fathtr; to there wasno sort of greeting between them. Juba meant to speak to his father, if there were any occasion, u he would speak to any stranger; and an occas:k n came. Jubs! sat down o one of the chair, and got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. " You don't mean to sea that TOu:'r nSot hal the sprinu of that chair mended ett'" he said to his father; and that was all. Dinner must come in, a::d Mrs. Ilimman knew she coul de!ly no longer; so, he timidly entered the room. her face ne:rously working, and her tears redr to fall. Jubil ki5eed her and l.ld hEt ion him arn looked at her, and kissed Ler rgain. " The fareo has beg., has it "" tsail :iss Dorcas, seing this. " No," l ail Jubil, s'D.nir,. with las nnn round his mother's waist, " it as not. The far.e will begin when the nmnister comes in to tea, and you and father ac: hes loring fLmily before hia." When .Ke.ii entered th! room, iry r ale, and lookir plaler in her b!Lak .ire, which she w?re for her randnm:ther, Juhl cJl:dd hid1ly oel;tce it was his sister. The shart, crsp, bLack carts were the same as ever, but the features appeared to be chalnge; they were more pointed--a change due to thinnes,. She went first and kissed her uncle Da;ild. He prsssed her hand en-ouregingly, and was much tenderer than erver in his ranr,,r tcwaards her. Then Keiush wentbehind Jutu.l's chair, and, tleaing over, kissed his forehead. "Oh. Ke;i;ah," exclaimel Jubal, starting, "ho frirlhtfully cold yor lps ae " " Are they i" fsid Ke.iah,with a wan stile; and the took her place at the table, k.Lsing her mother au hiepased her. The door was now flung open, and Mr. IHackb;t iwa:'ered in, anrid srared the com rany with a er. tie ga?e a general nod, sat ,uown and plared his napkin across his knees. " Well, brothc-in-law," said Jtal, atross the ttble, " your ralet has Leglected you this morning. Do yo know yonur toilet's rather deifectirv " !fr.HIeklit looked severely acirss at Juail, ad remarkted with someapetritv that he would rather wear no clothes at all then be i.uered up like a loll, as Jlintl we. Doreas was sitting next to him. " Your necktie's righlt under yeaor ea," she said, " and you look as if you'd been to bed in your clothes." "*And you." retorted tl akbit, locking iti~dllr at his annt and her get-up. ' you look l if you'd just come out iroe unaer a glass shade, you do." "Oh, don't let us have cny quarrellin,." put in David. " Whot cn be the use of toat ?" After dinner, Jaulal announced his inten tion of taking a stroll. The mother would have liktd to have begged him to remainwith her, but how could the cieC'te to thi. son who had gnown into such a gentlcmai ? Yes, thno yornell to thi ichabitants,' was Ilackbit's comment " You'll collect a crowd if you go out." "You'll collect a bggercrowd than I shall, some day," retorted Juaul " And really, IIacbit," he taid, eying his brolherin-law witha good bit of merriment in lisilfae. "I want to light a cigar, and I beliere I could do itat your nose. Hlave you leen acting the dcown, sud forgotten to wash your face i" With this h'me.thraut he went out; and Kezch helted to dclear the tale. Mr. I'imp!er was to coe to tn. IHe balt been invited to dinner. bn:ut had made an excuse. When tea-time ca?e he appeared. There woo a marked callness in Daorms's arnierotreceiving Mr. Itimpler. which that gentleman could well account for. tie, for his part, appared to have tome fine joke on hand, and laughed to himself without any evident rea-on several times in succesion ; and at each laugh Dorc ol colured. IIe was, bow ervr, s:rupulousin his attention to her, and also seemed to take somn interest in Jubal, whom he had been led to suppose a very different sort nf person. CHAPTER XLV.-- Mo-s DBrrTz TaxNr When atlast the erenine wu over, and it was time to go home, Mr. Ilmpler offered to escrt Mio Dorca, which seemed naturel enough; but n sooner had he made the proposal than Dcrca sid, spitefally, " No, thank you, Mr. rimpler, I am no chicen, and not at all lafraid of bringin the Old;'ark myslf at'aight." In spite d ; Eipltper Iddgo withher; and thj walked alhgin sikocn:o for a canotuo:ale ia taruce. At la't Hfi l)or a aid, .s:,oippi,L.i, ' Ar.e yon going to .peak. or not, Oito" .Mfr, Itimplrgea e ort, and aid in a trens of some bittrte.', " I don't re,,mmber tl.e ocasion on which I a'koh you to call me ilin. When I begin to call you DI)orrea, you'll have some excuse." The unquenchable spirit of the spinster re,. And if Idid call you mOin, how manr atiecr and outcasts would be gla1 to lhire s-,neldy to take them by the hand and call them by their Chritian namce." " lBut I haplih fo be neitlher an alien nor an outcast. I tell yo~n once for all, you must drop it." "Oh. Silu,- " Mr. Rimpler stoplel in the pathway. "If you don't drop it, I won't go another inch with you; mo now you know. And another thin.: I should like to refer tois your manner of nak:n;, signs at me before people." "And you never take any notice when I do," interrupted Miss Dorcas, "no matter how im portant it may be." "And I never will notice. I tellyou once for all, I won'thave it. )o you think I want all the world to believe we have a secret under. standingtogether? It was disgausting all the evening to net your eye fixed on me every timn I looked your way," "And thi after the way you left me in the Old Park last night:" said Doran, growing irate in her tamrn. They were on the same ground now. "I'll leave you here again if you don't mind." "Then you'llleave all that I have to con. municate to you." "I don't carea d--about your cromuni cation." "You know you do, or you wouldn't have taken so much trouble about it all. Well, at any rate, I got the papers you asked mc to get out of Joshua's safe." "W'here are they:"' responded Silas, now interested in a moment, and betrayed into showing it. Ie had not expected this. "Well, I waited here, till I was c'1t and tired, last night, and I ;oat them; so there.' "You lost them," said lI:impler, horror. struck. a "Yes, and Thad th:n aeafe enogih, when you came tirstn; and you'd ha, habd them ii it hadn't been for your going of with that foreigner. I heard'you deoy me to him, and laugh w ln he saliI it I was l.i i:ket. `Idn arce had enough for anything." But Silas hadnot tbeen lisening to 1.c: last words. le was ab*'orbed by the thta:o h that the papers were lest. At l:t lie drew' a Ionu breath, as if ohe hA forgocAt c to tre:athe fele amoments, and was makioe, up for it. " Well," he said." whait a f.ool I have ten." Doraon was infinitely r, liedl to tint i: was not herself he was caltin. a fool. "I mioLt know that a w oman was ciur to mike an ass of hbrelf in business," L'e ade t. 'ihis somewhat siaoled the soothing eu:c; if the 1Let sentCnce he hadb utteored. They had now c.:,ate t a eta::!ds'.l, b ,'h of them. "N\aw, I hitve a waming to gve. you," s.id O ta. " It is for your ovan . o1, a?t :- 0. Y ,u m":s.t o as it asl th? r"e u1" this bo :.s, 1)hnotth ink r.f t::ng .anything to Sil:te r,, ver; it would toe 1, n g 1. Y ' ve to oet ofl any kin d agin- vie. remeo: trr: and the moment I hear tof y.our donra anythingr, thevo i shai begin. And if l ever hoiul. , ca wiI witch ro" had never keen xKii, mind tcat. And from to"r.ght I'vedoonewithyo.; odoa't get trying to see me or to speak to me. Anl new we are parting, I'll ir anotaer thing to you, that I've ,o ri thl-:ling all alon : and that is thie. There's r., whkedne's yvou'd stop at. to get your oo. n c0:'. Yoa an't rmiid who:t you betray. lu'' l, can't think for the future that ynu've d :e it all in the dark. I've arseen my ushre of ?ad women ; ut I never cane across a worse than you, tn reality." l);? is wa Litera!l t'h nrerstruck. She cou:d make no reply. S se co:, n ,: 1,2 eveshe was hearing right. " Anud is th tro, all t!hat you are saying " she said at e:"th. " Ye, it is toer," re lid 1: omp:. "Then." said the, w.lt a ra;, a., "I 'all throw my celf down one of there old miner." "Don't." raid I:.:I o r, ,il-v. "It I od 1 be quite lotast unpon me. I slh ud lnt try to get yns out; atnd I should iot go it mouriing for vou." And Mite Doras did to: fulfil her threat. "And I am really to say go?d.bre to Toot, Sil ?sI"said Doreas prlinbriy. "Amn Ieur to hoar the sound of your vot-o again, the voice that ha grown so dear to me "' "You'llhear my vole son' er.',eh if you interfere with my bua:ess. Arnd really I don't think I everdid eett witn scoh a hulmtug in i?- vvhRto life. PvC? Itell Coo, tcnn ovothnough it. on t try it on , I cn ethouh "Taen I will gt Lao:u to muv deohite hearth,"alail ,II)orea.t.liin rargica! ven. "Yes, d?" sid ITi'phr. "You'd :ale ane berth desolate; and you'd turn any rala o i into a howling wilderness." "'ery well," returned I ir?C', "I will !'rre I you: a?d the day may come when I n doW ruo a t.4 turn, and shall do it, reveryou fear.' "I don't fear," wis limler 'sreply, " hut 1 knewit before you told me." Yet Dorms did nat more of. "Liok here," nai rimpler; "if you thiuk by wa:ling you'll ret me ta atler mr mind, you're mirtakeon. I shall ro .:t a t- ttarther w?th you, and you can g ht re yovurelf." DorTasmovedaw ywith eat tit ' s"?enher heart. 11:t when the was crt of sfght, Filt lit nmtch ftern:at'ch.and .str heb quite f:uil.sy as we k?now ?he must-for th' r?o': n arcs, He scarcely expectel to find ?anyt: c0 i hi oerch.: but he was very angry, and it ;te hs bu??ur to be soarch'ng. lHe was not alone, thau~ h Ie iaginrdt hm. tell to beto, Jin.l ha': r.°r I oater I r1.10l and his aunt, on p:et'ace of s - o-i',:, o it re ality hoping to heor what terms they wn,, on,} and to and out anything de. ct'.nal to citr of thei, Ito .eard the quar , wL:t h o -i:L I1 and gratified him. Ile ago f'i e':e wh,: 'h, ahbject was. Buot if be Loa n : 'ven sure, Li, cust iiaa wouald have ken co.i.ed y the I neau a Mr t Pmpler me end.: hs C yhs. Juhaldid ntoait to s-e ho ) this s'-'e"h endod. He preferred to '0t away while ,till unobserved. When he got Peo-that i". to his father's heu?e-he found . oth ' u' a a ialent htate of agitat-n. " What is the matte, mother." he aohed. "Oh, Juhal, aomeroay tas rno. d yeierI father." "Do you mean hrEen in;a the Luau, mothert" " So, the otca, here, in t!.o h:o-e. t-er nearle irantie." " Was it money 1' "No : papers." "Well, they can't roatter mazch, uales, theyre bank rtoes," e.aid ,tot . Jubal swaggered into the c.oom whoo,'hie father wne. "Wh\ot is it youne lot :" hoe said in an in difierent tone. "Pape:," cried Mr Riimmon.aute for'tf ft for the moaent the. hoe acit tes nn aer e" Isu posethey're notolmuat conetoen:e," said Jubhl. "T hey cre of all cateo.a:o:e," cr~ei Ies fa.her. *' I "c?t yva unles I C.a g:an l.oesocun of those Ptere I'm ruiov--ruine--da you hear, Juba .-roined." "They mint li fuannr kinti of pr ;, I should think," said Jultot. •"Jaho,"aaid Daeii, who roans white as his brothor, "is thisa tome 'o bit; like that 1" " When were they etolen ," Jabal anded Lvi father. "To-day ?" " Oh. no; l'ae as. the key in my puneoeion all lay." "tL k picked, I suppere. then." "No, the lock hasr not bt.e o::ked," -'id the father, de?pirinrgty. " Then tow do you a n"'t for it"" "Yoterday I dropF"d m0" khy ae J-=allr; at munt have been hol .oy ,o'een," "Welt," coid Jabal with iock an lathi, "it isn't a pleaornt thung to have la: lt 'e'r that compromis you. Yba mao e-o-: "L? out where they ore: a I it' thke ai norl 'are lu ooer your head Iy a hn"ir' int it, fatuer:" Every word etbbel ,Ir.' mr.nci . mc kne thoeir woight t, we . as oe ,l,, "*,h," he said, turning to his Ither, with atc=h , very real feeling, "how I ao I'd i:tk to my bank, iaid, au, ke-t o o rnyl sn u .ei.r '" I wish thee hnl.t," reoot Dan d, tiong into hts dialect in his emci' 'n. "Juhal," went oa hn fate-'r, with ';;, 0 real ring in t, tcne ttat Jubt wo s v reirte, "I've not traincd yoa w.ll, he'vaa knewL" "Earth knows it, teo," put in Job..a.. The father took no netice, but went ct inas most solemn tone. "But you are younc. al.1 need never coane to lte wviat I am. You've often heard me quate .-ripture, Juoal." "Too often," said JuoLL " Well. you shall hear S .v more, blal, though it ioay be the !at, an l it'= the ueaeet ci all tae Bible. 'The way of trnarese.or is hard.'" David waes quiie over?o.e. end hEd his Once inhis haud; Jubalt fet to kiodliog ot mym pathr. " nao'ttakeane not' cf Litm, ncroe." he taid contemhtuo.l' : " he's only making out." "Mak?"~mt t"' cried the elder man, in anr agonaised none. "That is liely, .that oc: r =niant ttonet it cll _ight, atd to gire up thm ether li.conmes;'" It wanth fist tiooe the "ge~Ctau, inesr" hiet ever been? alluded Wa Letw er the lth'r". L'rl r aow I'e' 1' ch,:h e." ] all a n s}ur, Ir, whr e , i hirawaro:",r'.t - ft.te:r i, J rt . t.cin" I : - ~ti:* . l:a- f inr thicIn tar,' a n I Ie suii ihae: re:retie! it h rtl ,r, h:a } ,e hkn tn hi: th:e sti. b. f:e. shih .r le ha I rle i:te hilitoi f ai the ':: . ingp I'aerit tha l try e eu:,o at in Li, r, hiac, 2wl g'eiC n ,it. sirht:a ha li'-n a hnid teyrant t, JuaL' wh, L Jubl wed:. a b:,, ani ,now th: ,s d m , la,~.e ut ,,:f .1 hn 1e ,h?wEd undq ..ilion , leap tcals ;f the `en lnia tl at vi.rriri ier , tire o- i-a ' ut l , .-bral he w,,hI trbly h ~?Ad, ,, sor great wai he Lltted toiis fitsr, tih. Le realtl Le' irte.I ferrel f, h}rap c id ofet ier ablr lE failer' fe-t ant,:f'urn irn t,1'tr. Thbe oave mak= terrible t.re-,iriecr whern hir ch~i ce or cmrre. His maste :ray bare krtain hm=Is; tie ket'es So while .?,hue t?reed tl.at eight urpm hi' r'tow in an aguy, fir the time eng;. of relraie, his sao lay awaekea, t, for very ,y. lie had get his father in his prwer. cGIAT.I'r: XLVI.--Ii rIt ii. ,:.l. 1i-. ,-No :tE. The scaw had bree fallin? nil the evcalng, numetimes slIghtly, 5a metir?e Iore thirkhy. It was falling when the dorerent co:rmanie went hoLne from the utr,.f Iitimm^,n. Whien Thomas liackbit awl Ie:iah L ad got ou+tsidr the h:oune, he said to her " You are a very fair ?ctress, Kcinah, bt I can Lbet you in acLing." Keziah turned her fare towards hi" in. stinctively, though thie coul t n ee him, not to miss rrat he slo:uld say next. S"Yea havo kept your eyes oien very well, c:nidering yeou were up all lrt night. But don't you think I hare, considering tht I eas up, too Shlouild you like to know where I was last night, Ke:iah ?" "No," she repied in a stir:edl nmaanrr. "But I shall 'lt l you. whether you wish t~ hear or not. I paeed the night in my own garden, Ke.:iah." S.cial. coaLd not bear to hare it broken to her thu?. Ahe would Io it rrlf, and hve h t ov'r the mr)e -1ui'kly. The quiet tne in which he was :aking :!hie.l r with :a::ie dread. Of craea he knew eccry:h;ng. OWe', thLe;. , Wo no fulg for it. " Yar tay as v.nil sar ot t u? e: eu care use n iy C. headt ereyth:i:.." " Yes," ha echcd, '"I ew ycu, and I hea:d e? -ytlitn;." iTrene, h:5, t Le aI i , rri ' her han- c, his b:ir, .: .:-ng ha ta ., "1ve' t'ar t e r, fu to go. that is bet:r t li : r :ne g u I gi hIl- t"' yo::, ir )u Tehis3 oem ld t? :gi ' 1 l:r l.ar r the mrmect. A.tt. t h- 1:1u vit t h tke Lhr w-r f"r it; he Lhd pearl h-r himrself "I know,"r., we " oi wi'h areat fervour, "how vrrot I Lvel be en, I knore it msrelf, if yoa do uA r ia ; Ut I t 'e le:t th'l h.: t, and ---," the coatind, r Pinn:ng to cry bitterly, " I was so miserable."h r'rah hamde a rais'ak in ue:ng thi ]ts I ezpre l?:. Il:'kbit La, be. a iu lIe Wth !er :1 a Cetain way, re:hatp w s ') t: il ; ::;r i: Sl s I.: " s:,'h a man's te'i; ' It L5 w::'o i ll hic, by way f ex S : e t rate h'c t:en e tkin, the e:maay of n::.er man e 4::, o, !:,- so'h, ha t:w , her mistrale. It wroca : rfo.e tr,o , ac ldi: nal Lft?irne li hat he I :si c oke . her. "ln't: try ti r n with"n, toa.," he sail, shakig h.er ':. '.'.' gy .a cat say nill aerlr :=y deip: n." lh'en he fhal a:ie I a: oe io thought, lr heir: failing h.u . 1r d:d Eat a?'te:n it .i: e wi,:t it ii: 11': .,,. k:.?w at r :,t e e.o w,-: fr r, ::htvcr it wa. "": in- : la<: nL" a:e hat vo - e met the rma, in?e,'n. I khW h il atnarit i:, and I've deter:u.:e :Lh t,, ::e what may i c.n requence--:ark my words, c me what t.,y v'en ?shall neerr e r my ':oee agein." 'lr.e full ar ue c tie w", Ih coul, hardl strike Kri:ah nn a mae?:. ':cold h remn that 'he rea to have e a th*It:r that night that .c.e we It: ta at i tn t o ' iroa,:e ntd Lance, like ;r vI e?-e '.t ire ln no Ietter a7r'.e , le it rhily, he akel her, " ao )c:u Thev hadl walked rn, and aee raw staore tdig hLef., ohre:r own h:'. " rYu ranr:o: meane i:,t" shie sao u1stilt. I o mean i:.," he sai., "Try to Inter, ant I gill tyhr er r a k , ith emy owi hand." "But yon won't Csrorale vre e :r::: baby '" she a;1. withi a ),' in her ri,.. SYoU care for the baby:" ce said with a ihrne elaugh. Keiah clung to hi?n. "'I dto, I do," she rniel. "hLet rre l:ae }him, and I wi.l go aay w:thou:t a word." 1 T.1 let hria etarre with roe ." sre ane l..l t:. !. .... n l_.r , .?... no it Fanr to starvr," hee edi- "u we l knw vtere toh sh- weiih! t.?t t.itie thl?. "lite :oh l n't se:rre 1 woad rt le: ihm star e." "And so ra thank I would le: 'mn eat that man's bread: " said HaiY it e.,t.rdrlly. "Oh, I c m't .ate y~u be:iere re if T won',," ,aid Ke:iah; "'it wcll :st Y e tla,: me.n's ead r bht he shontlld ot sarsrv." ".\n, in , aur ?e,"r : t n IIk': it, "do yu thi:k I th?acl let my :id1 s'rrar V' " fUat ya7 i'.,u le: me l- :'re." "Y ure ,fer?, and You kn:r wore to " I' L e o!:eh-r." I'ea ie. l:'ah fu'itly. " We've t'lked enough," was t: t'rr-y. "Awaywithyou ;"nsud puc.te :em .cry into her kind, a f~r cor:, She I'ong thr: fr'm her, and the s:W" couerrt them. In a ash, i: !e: md!, t.e war ?;n, g : : e! - da: was ,au, ::,l she Ihear1 t: t.rn I. Excited to f::,r d-e felt Eke r n te , b l vclentle, e.-..ra .Lngags.:. 'th:s :exg _. ch n and ,he sto and a'.::, .e- ' d :t rve told If,?" e :', t at "tl, 'e ' L, r l a eotl :st dw d a.:c -"r: el hd ig hr: It wi s la er.mtrr. 'he mnoved w.ar, an:, her : ! . : tee her. ihme heard hi.m ". ::.e I-el. ie , artthe 'to o.::bited. It So o: red, an .iro:ad ulI g'rh 'tl -r ?n? the r.:'r *... .E', a sdtn ltrend, and be wT::.u :8,:12 Ij: l ~war::trh. nd leg him on 1!.e n i.l'r'oh wrr herlekabyr N',r' 2" ":l be rf no s o; n:thin:caddbeof at.' : a s!..:io aga sf he heard the tar. luetle a:.it.ta l a st lights shone cut inmt?e n isc t of. her inrand'sl and lfr. Ttro hs or;t went out, and all waidark. The ,??r t:?l e t' :a.er. Ke h felt te. r a u rthe bick the -:w-, theuBh TL- grd,:te g'e, an 1lTok f.r the : .gh.tatery" i LIglt, :a' " w :.u o t ira cp iharre: ln art a:re." Ilteu'e, with ', ::b L"'' ler I :"j ' t:g in her nihtrhe t, te en'ct : . . a. w1hel. C:!du:t:e:=tburei: w.? :r. G to he= i L'c e -d : t. etr s'r"t walk e r, as irawy S:. e c al::, tebare a.'in :=:. ie ourl wn:e to her m her. r I f ',the r 'td t 'ere L,a 'd 'atk-ng wal tca.acr. W, ,a ,o ' .r, e.3 C:.e, Ae Ld r tWlt f ana t trtu d some Tiw_. to?ars Le wIrd ,w whare : - 1:i:::e la.rd w saL.e1p. :Ilt. ? ' C joj . a ehn: i .:u at ... ral : .c.'eert LL.ee :e:," ae e th ..::, a'. te:a wa .n t t. ?nJ h:e l.e' got a or.trayue uek r.in msey in hhelbolJ12 t:r smettn. g t.o -!:,. 5-e tr:agA 'ba:kre. :wL::?Le. wrr g..n .'r..d k ge L,. dcment:. it w.?s to rW.ver?m.:vton. 'i'e: kwehw a w..ae tLre wtc - c.-a r te. o.-ca hr9 .t Ce : eaat-. a- h. ; g,: ?:i va:s f.,r ilTr..h v?',1g, to Le t'trc 0,: : tepor.y wd':.: w,,e -c ip=; . '' t a .,. ' ' i wo rnr tls!a laayas .eei ki.d aI ,rin.ant: ant 1i'- w_?r. the rley .= rb'"n 'ae: t wtie ' i ag wr a - walk, ' '-r::ath ha e totriuwt:b..u b: .'. P Pa)" ? :wn :: C, I'w'l'' ag. ere malie r ' h? .::n oreai0k w Ta, A ea'; ': "? ?iiae ?s af er htr. Scj:re :urna , ? -w e 1:½tv1g up the way aheadef car,new. he n,'t pe the glo: ain Iut ''he o.:e . tio~3 " s:.l LcWr. t it ca k.raw how irrbt.e. AIlg'a B.II 'a' tr' rean tls 's ,r' e:'r v t:'e' . ' '' h :e : -g'ir~nee aboht the r*CJ,td e =ctO :-c of wh'c. are .0 c teO tik ' : 2,?c, r d- , oage.snt wat:. T, be f"al'rd cu '.ch a r,,d i, wer~n t.a t fe:lasul 2 a O., ': high read wr'h n.a'osaire hrroc ro .hem nde. i:.'.ah f~i tha t' i "ula. inr .'r vr.?':t c - don.. It'os re hiroe.r mo'e a:led ta the en'. te-irea,ti, ale :st a 'e'-.tr ' a t:ehe Countron ;, tepeer'i a m &:' ;o have :e i itr " e .,pi. .r o "! . ittil 1' ti K iahall t me aore e.rt tee ''It?pS r:o*ed w ? -u?e*' , list .red t th . . - , w a lt ,i e n hnle'-and was gtt-ug a o:aretrs nearer ao the Jglit oa the foaudmra. Bt' then the ciaug"'- nf the iron mde it nsh,,.t lfrr'rgile fc= her th, hsa tha footate;r. 0L'cn.aga tlero'e thatj -,e 's.o- - .n ". r ." a'a , '.. : "al both rle: r ! -t..p: .; . "- ti -e -:acdrt. : . :,, . l,_ . P.'. tri t he thin! t st i- r: ::'" al ?h, ';i, h-d ,iten tIra;:,e" ± e :a ra.li t} .`i w,. r.._ :.r :;. r-len: c ,tti.rs weze mre.s o"f lark, i*-er'edroad Ok ,:v.- t t. ry tjtle-i-oi: c::.t :I 'ivcuef ?.'? h, deserted a?d l to ruin-enat tihe-e who :lii oc-tenii reiarnasl rid w:;r. ll Li eh-raf a taonert I ' :h. p:a:., a [nd prc: i-e thinz that was fi-om! t ier r-li pis laIeo-e hIn 'VIA llu nsi t tLe ,t"?aci. als ph l heral:nl ' the .'lad; nrar nwhe a winrdow had ber, L.it wh r- "o', ni t efrin a frhle *ceited. She ,i-old -ea the ri0.rl anld shb: caC!d see the i udry. Ehi ir:e i a ?tile farther, far no partinca-r:ean-, and i- : :eFirg :tangso tpn Ler li t an uneaithiy 'iueEi. AU sensati.n Cdoppd lri!hi Letr for a moment, and then her hear: Mare a a-rea thirp that iearly shnok her. t:he r,w wi-t had sta:ilel her, for it was cr'i:.c: the read new in the I-ght. It was only a toimit..r at that had aought thelte froi na ihi a:ran: c>i the:. Sill, the frieLt Lad increased h-r n, r?ie.ne-s g?e-tly. She teied to kee: her attention the dark raid, with a !:rek oIf ligt: ariess it. But ranehow her garz was fI-rrc'id t the foundry, where the n'ght-r:ki-ers mnred hiher and thither in a terril.le gl--w of liaht, leing covered at tilme ly raster of s;arkr. nl i than dlragging out free between i-r.:eane roli-e ing-mglthea n! red-hut ir.n, a:d carrying the?m qmuetiy, awl witilict t.ny eal;arnIt discretion, rigt amen; then ?ii '!o:ther we:ken, and Ilhy: themn at th- iJbe of .,dhers to coOl npon the gr;un;d. Tl.rsc s:lent w-ke- , fior they wer-e n:t talk - :,ah t oo a" o --.er-hm" c:id thee. Ifr that coa::r, cr:l,': the haubub of hammers, the is-in-r o-:--e of E aen ter n re-LtLt in, a-i ti-re ro.i-cen- of the forg'-? They sce-i b Keh:i: 's er~cte, nminid almost I.ke ri:aus a-n,- --_rn r me evil d i-ed. Let n ; t.;b:. ,:6.. .:= et.hing obettacted t.e ?niw. It wa- the 1t::I- of a man a!c~g :! :..a1. ilis face Rae tur-ed towars te t az l.a e -enl e icd, an"Id ~I ,d h i t Lr_. . E t I: ` w,,:-i ;si-3rs a blck •t. l t :.: . . ,o ?e:" r _e rt .m the rra-, :i wti t-w-ase -et -a- andriwhirch :- m.e w-re we: 1:. ae e.md to 1a -abki-. loe r-an c-i ce out of the glare. aesd I L-IL -i- e : , i:-i cri- th:in nt:k Ke~- i -i eh :t ':ae n now,?or be dr i?.ted. For how dil c he kn:w teat the .,anLr.. h? c -.Ce! =l..c-. t:, he the penrs? to La - 'laloe' Ler. r;hbt it ltok next i;::t - ri:e:,t :':". " : ,i:t no, the touil ' .at a?uceay. - . ,".r-g'i-gb theoad, in the t:: re ,f :e:.:, and his beck was in' :he fun1 lii:.:: 1.i is e cos inshadowr. She iput helr -il r a~Iri': - eo of the bhrickwork ten rea::dy k:,el, a1 it carne darwn with ac ea.?b: The E-anger :- iad, and then ade hi iway to.he c?-ate. er o ef ??r.. .: .. i - :.Cn heavily apon&'D, iP,:t. It was e:,a lfiy '-IinfuL Everyfhiagl -reen : t - I-,l in. Taoe .re entered th do srav,wI -=e ,ouite aear'tther, sand theni, in ehateri-ed tI her an unearthly tote, Ieke ier name. l- -Le rid not cy out, that did notprocteed fr nr.v. cra: L:.:ver? n her part; it a.. 'rmi iniab:tr. ho has not :n s thnder-?. sd:,> w',itel sita b-ated breath for th'anut:: i',' eii :ihbP eLd if on a loel stretch Cd mo r, wh?on le nut !rctb!ed inwardl ii nsack stn-. an--ch ho' sareeded crash. and glare, ,:t?er d.i-?loei? Kea.h's life of the lsafew i?:rn was si:ha storm as this, and at this ;:umt:t ,,:r brea:h waba hted for another wrl., wth .e sile -,ref?l aconsegqenae. -,:e"nle had Mlid', "iKeziah,'" bt the Tc:e a:' o:iehet did nt: .knw. In wh.t epnsree! ages afterwenad!, a hard tra1- oid n t eR, < i-er, and toanhed her. The the, ue t:i acr e n:ice -Wd., " Don't Ion knew i-e ? 1 tiave act:r i :e take ref vou." Tr::caheib. Lt-d not- d?·cr upon i- -r an I e'ra 1c:r. 'ti- was iter thoanht at oirs'. ;:: ca itn iads cnme ;r thr thought. The ha;ltrLt ,.r?:- l ai. na :tdi tha -ur hLe:. " H:w 0t:0 ~ ,o"a 2cilow ri:'" she t:s d. Sri-:wca .: L·.chrea :- a-'r.:?e And ony ", d to ,.1.,"" ':I FI. . (:, ttc ,?- che:r,;, \- . dt,: _. re ld ain te S:2t e a: ii c ui-nihner r kste " " \ f . , v: wc . r .' 1, t , * es y o u , t o o 0 i:'. I"f ve-. -, y.n walmd ete ",r ):.. -...." : eti b - rayanianin heat :khern t e,." to :.aitk veat ah?-ald ever tie s :ah w:~e :,e i-:hare n-isituderstood \- I -u?cere .:n.a rcu cr. n ly,"reae at-nd I-e:.?. "It is a wb.a have no: unadritard t do " : -"a t: li-ap away. Bat the p?} in Le: t twas o great, the was obligedt to F',;: b c:aet.i " lier.iwihy wn nt yon beieve me? Is ait I 1 : c^re to take cae o you,as your father ti::L. oro'tzrbrc hr: th.tissmymeaniag." Y," he a.ir, ?paiaaely, "like mj let' e: acd mr --"o-.i-l- you n.-re weil apolm.. 1v fa'tr a:.l my brother would rtin ? for th:r own ends; si would oan, or yon wall" n-ver hbie asked me to leave my haabmnd's r~nf lut right, and so get me turned out to-. tit TYe I as goig away, praaimg forya and fcrgiving r oe. But now yo bahrs oken your word and followed me, to take advantage f my mise?rY whbat anI ay to you? If et there was a troient when you should h?ne kept yor-elf fir rom me, it is noe." "teziah.I wcld ,lie far r?m." "Then why not do a sal thing, and keep wanr fom mea?" " ltesah?thatstisa a eneater thig" Thebe a man anddo the geater thing. I have done -oeg. too'" he said, e'mtntg nafresh, "or Iaigttneverkhave-sametothfia. "No. it war all my halt," aid Rupert, ' g?ing with despiing tenderness at her. " I deserve what h me," aid hKib. "Heaven knows, tht is not tree," replied Rapet. "Itilad only I. who hane been tobsne. Kie tellh??ewhattodo,and ou - ha see howm I l will bey you now." " Go kuk at enc- to Lesmingto?, if yea rman wh:atr ocsy; andshowtle world that : I a, nonteiyh oi. That wlll be prowig yo r Ieee for m.e.'5 .. -I will do it," he arswered, with a aon. "- tntConu riltlsee where yen ea ~goeg? At leart yon witll me tlhstP'" \- "No,"smil K* diheadly: "ItirightYfoa shoal-? n: knrow that either." "W\'ht hathm ernld it hbefor yo to tell 3m.. where you L-8Pe '" Therse would b? r?." - " You have so?me msey with Iyo" " YesT. I hare some money." "Anid will yi tnke fast a litle -from me? Tne may re:tna it mome day. if yoahkt" " ;o yn nat ndesrmal," broe at Seith botly, "tht lean havreno desting with yew o-f any kind ? Go biek at nse: y ossyera new tare besm sWeaf?olloyig J :e." He t koff a lsrgta4 tht was tshot his eeth. 'Lrot eegive)ygqthsXen Youte - b: ill dtaL" : - - "'"ow =- ran!" ese inrtd, despirinaly. "Why d? E mi le my way en difallt - \auld vr- bha ne miOn ion pseeaaanofyouro sc-r?: Whie ii yamemmaon wnee. - "Oh, GOd'" cried otprn brmeaing down utterlh, anid rbbyg. " .d m I, who lov i- so, nact to be aflowed to do the lAt thing lor yo=, b?r?ace a cursed rtlnhumrobbledmr a froc ;a. ald i-ll-tatse yTou, and ahat his deoor - ""It carn 'o r cd to ftk d tfat anow,'" rsaid KE .h. i She ers abor: to ~Pa him.l He cau!.?t. her by :hc arm, s2l- sa- I". with sIkO, rl wi-Ill s?-t le: hEr jas. She tried to wrcn i- h. i-., f..e. 