AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The Australian drama, pure and simple, is certainly in the ascendant, and bids fair under Mr. Dampier's fostering guidance to grow into sturdy proportions. It certainly cannot be otherwise than gratifying to all believers in our intellectual progress to notice this healthy de velopment in a branch of art having hitherto so few followers south of the line. Bobbery Under Arms 7 is a case in point. It has drawn excellent houses during the week, and has met with really enthusiastic treatment from the audiences assembled, who have always been ready to applaud the numerous sensations and laugh at die mirth-provoking inradent? characterising this "great bushranging drama," as the authors etyle it. It will be given for the last time to-night, and on Monday the romantic Irish play, "Shamus O'Brien, or the Rebel Chief of ?95," will be produced for the first time in Adelaide. Satuboax Pofuub Concert. The eleventh of the aeries of Saturday night popular concerts is announced in our ad vertising columns for this evening. The principal attractions are Mrs. Palmer, Air. Armes Beaumont^and Herr G. VoUmar. Kirs. Palmer will sing Wallace's song " Scenes that are brightest," Sullivan's "Orpheus and his lute," a duet from "Atari tana" with Mr. Armes Beaumont, and a trio with Messrs. Armes Beaumont and H. R. Holder. Mr. Beaumons will sing three popular numbers; and Herr 6. VoUmar will play three violinoello solos, the remaining portion of the programme being undertaken t>y Miss CSuUivan and Mr. H. G. Nasb. The musical director is Mr. C. J. Stevens, and the engagement of such artistes and the popular character of the programme should ensure a full attendance. ACB"CBCH-C&iHHT;!TCTO!r COMPANT. As has already been stated, Miss Janet Achurchand Mr. Charles Charrington will make their farewell appearances at the Albert Hall, commencing toynight. It is to be re gretted that the Theatre Royal could not bo obtained for these talented artists, but with the extensive alterations effected by Mr. Cnarrington the stage of the Albert Hall will scarcely be recognised in its new garb. Miss Achnrch wOl be supported by the same com pany as appeared with her in Melbourne and Sydney. The orchestra will be under the baton of Mr. Charles Cawtborne, and every thing has been done to ensure the comfort of patrons. The opening production will be the famous comedy drama, " Forget-me-not,'* Mr. Cnarrington having secured for Janet Aohurch the rights of that play immediately on the expiration of Miss Ward's lease. A few lines recalling tho plot of the piece may not be uninteresting. The motif of "tho play is the struggles of a brilliant adventuress, the e.\\-keei>er of a gambling hell, the rejected and despised of society, to rehabilitate herself, to claim recog nition by the monde, in brief "to range her self," as the French play says, and end her days in a social atmosphere which will not offend the moral olfactory organs of that much quoted female Mis. Grundy. Throw ing herself unasked and certainly unwelcooied into the bosom of a respectable English family at Rome, over which she has what is vulgarly termed "a hold," she makes desperate at tempts to gain respectability. How she exercises her power and attempts to force a pure English girl to aid and abet her in the fight for social recognition, and how she is in turn thwarted and eventually utterly defeated by Sir Horace Welby, who is in love with the young lady, is well worked out in the throe acts of which the play consists. T!i<> dialogue is brisk, crisp, and interesting, and the leading positions full of power. Gakskk's Rooms. A benefit will be tendered io Mr. <J*org<j Bumette, tenor of Hudson's Surprise Party, at Garner's Rooms this evening, in the form of a social night. Mr. L. ML Tier will take the chair, and a number of local artists will contribute towards the evening's amuse ment. "The Mikado." Mr. Lyons'a Amateur Mikado Opera Com pany will give a repetition of their recent successes at Korwood on Monday and Tuesday evening next at tile Town Half at Port Ade laide. Mr. H. Trevorah has kept the company in full rehearsal during the last week, ana it is expected that there wul be a large attendance to witness what so far has been a musical succeee. The Fasting Mas. Tanner is now in the tweuty-tifth day of luo forty days and nights' fait, and no fax ban lost 24 lb. weight. Tho attendance yoster-iny •n-n* very large. MtMrAL Ghost lixi>ios. This entertainment continue? to grow in public favor, the aftt-rooon rvprus-ntau ms . being especially «'«JI attended. 