INDIA AND ITS IRRIGATION.— No. XXX. [By the Hon. Alfbed Deakin, late Chief Secretary of Victoria.] The Panjafo and Its People. A more bracing climate, a wilder aspect of nature on its borders, more important foreign relations, and its more recent annexation have combined to lend^ to the Paujab a greater in terest than that attaching to the older pro vinces, perhaps excluding the north-west, with which it is so closely allied. The bravery and spirit oi' its people, however, has counted for most with the British, who have proved gallantly appreciative of those who were I'uimerly their most daring ioes. But thengh the manlier nature of the people 1ms counted for a good deal in its rapid develop ment it must not be inferred on that account that its population efrcapes from the categories which embrace the whole peninsula. There is, perhaps, a greater variety of liice and more palpably contrasted types than in the rest of Bengal, but certainly no more heterogeneity than in the south. Ksshmerians and P.ithtuis are more frequently seen tlian the Nepalese ar;d l'.huUas, who descend from the Himalayas to the eastern districts at their feet, pushing their way in pious pilgrimages as far as Banaresor Allahabad, where their long dark hair, large staring eyes, broad muscular frames, and .thick heavy clothing make them con spicuous among the crowds of sleeker skin, lighter physique, and shaven cleanliness. Among visitors to the Pan jab the Kashmerians bear most resemblance to these peoples of the Eastern Himalayas, Pathans from beyond the Hindu Kuslf being fiercer, keener, and more energetic. The Sikhs, themselves a warlike race, dashing in appearance, are less wolfish than the wild tribesmen of tlie frontier, who bates the placidity and order of civilised life as much as he despises the feebler peoples of the plain, vowing with the old Pindaree — If I were forty years younger, ivitb ny life before me to choose, i wouldn't be lectured by Kafirs, or lmllied by rat Hindus ; But I'd go to seme far off country, where Musalmans stiil arc men, Or lalve to the jungle, like Cheetoo, ami die in the tiger's den. The Bralimans of the Panjab are less than 1,000,000 in number, while the Rajputs are considerably more than 500,000; the Sikhs .stand first if reckoned as a caste, but they are only a seventh of the whole body of 7,000,000 Hindus in the province, and these again are outnumbered by the Muhammadans, who muster over 10,000,000, or more than half of the total number of inhabitants. They are the most backward of all in education, only 1 in 70 being able to read and write, as against 1 in 17 amongst tlie Hindus proper, and 1 in 24 among the Jiiklis. There is in the Panjab the same substratum of pre-Aryan tribes as elsewhere, upon whom have been im posed successive layers of Aryan, Scythie, Turkoman, and Afghan invaders. Across the religious and ethic divisions came those of oc cupation. The Jats, ScytMe in origin, are most of them Hindus, though some are Muhammadans, but all are agriculturists ; a tine stalwart race, whose women work in the fields, and who exhibit a tinctui-e of demo cratic independence and individuality in their behavior. The Rajputs — most of whom descend from an allied stock — are braver and more quarrelsome, support their chiefs with feudal fealty, and prefer pastoral pursuits mixed with reiving to ordinary farming. The Sikhs make excellent soldiers and good cultivators, thus uniting the qualities of the other two claeses, their bond of union being religious. The Brahmans, when they go upon the land as the Tagas have done, are bad farmers, and as a rule prefer quiet or civic occupation ; they t-njoy the reputation of being bad neighbors. They have grades of their own in an ascending hierarchy, but invariably preserve a. haughty and insolent attitude to all outside their caste. There are other main tribes, such as the Rors, who approach closely to the_ Jats, the Gujars, notorious for thieving and lying, with numerous miscellaneous and menial castes whose pecu liarities it would be tedious to recapitulate, as all of them have practices, rituals, and deities of their own. Caste rules compel them always to intermarry within bounds, but at the same time there are elaborate provisions against the union oi: relations, so that no man can marry a girl from his own or even immediately adjoiu ing villager, or who is related to the family of his mother or his father's mother. Such pro hibitions vary much among the castes, as do their habits of intercoui-se. M-.ihaimnadans are becoming indifferent to companionship at meals, though they oftc-n recognise caste restrictions, which among tlie Hindus prevent eating or drinking between those of ditferent castes. Some castes are of doubtful, others of absolute impurity in the eyes of others. There are, in addition to these divisions by blood, belief and association, .some of an heredi tary character bred in ancient strife, which still separate village from village, so that they will not unite for any purpose. Irri* gation officers are at times compelled, on this «wvcount only, to put them in distinct canal districts. From such relics of custom as these one arrives at a clearer conception oi what the country was when rent with intestine foudd, r.-u.-e against race, creed against creed, class against class, and village against village, and of the difficulties with which the remnants of these strifes and caste restrictions, when added to the innumerable prejudices still in active operation, suiround the task of administra tion. Deducting 24,000 square miles returned as uuenlturable, from the surveyed and assessed area of 95,000 square milescapable of being farmed, there is left 45,000,000 acres fit for cul tivation, of wliic-h jtlis is now under the pknigh.- The total rental paid exceeds £5,000,000, of which about half goes to the State. Th^re are IVav large towns, and, as in the rest oi India, lew of its 3i,000 villages «;jice«rd 1,000 inhabitants, tneaverage bfeing 5*0 in «vt;h, or J77 persons to the s=ni).-tw3 mile. Up to the ijengtia of this year there were no returns ; i'rom Bengal proper, ;and hence, although mnaller thiiti Madras and Bombay, and the fame K-x.e afi the l-Joish-west Province, the Panjab showed the largest area, under assess ment, and the largest cultivable area yet untouched in any of them. But these general | statements are less impressive and suggestive I than the detailed descriptions of particular dis- j tricts which, however differing among them- j selves, are much move faithfully illustrative of the true condition of the country. The i zeal and capacity which are brought to I the dry duties of administration have occasionally found scope for themselves in literary or scientific work, and the Panjab has ' been happy in the acquisition of two complete ' studies of its loci' conditions, that in the west made by Mr. Purser, and that in the east by Mr. IbbeUon. The report of the latter, both as being the more reoent and as more generally typical of the conditions of the peninsula as a whole may be ad vrtntageously noted. The sub jects involve.l in any critici-sni of India and its people :;re so great and the issues involved so many that it is only by means of special in stances that its problems can be indicated, and tlieiv solution vaguely outlined or implied. Jir. Ibb-:tson:e district w.Ta situated to the north of Delhi, close to the Jumna, and partially uniU?r i Is western canal ; its chief towns, Kama], containing 23,000 inhabitants, and Panipat, of historic fame, housing 25,000 among its ruins. The tract contained nearly 000 square miles, of whirli 400 were cultivated, 300 pastured, and the balance barren, maintaining in 18S1 about 330 villages aud L'02,000 people. The whole of it was alluvial t-tifif loam, in the hollows called dtilMr, sind in old river beds or wind banks named bhur, .ind a mixture of the two termed rovxli, all being deposited by the Jumna as it worked eastward through the ages. A low lying tract, having a sandy soil and water close to the surface, extends from the present stream to a 10 ft. rise, which marks its utmost flood limits; it is irrigated chiefly by wells, half of it being under the plough, and SO per cent, of its cultivation irrigated. Above the bank rans a level slope with a stiff friable soil, half of it farmed aud three parts of the cultivation watered by means of a canal. Beyond this again is a higher table land of grassy plains, intersected by belts of trees aud jungle, with only a fourth of it under cultivation, and that dependent upon a rain fall declining from 28 in. near the river to 18 in. and less in this part, which is chiefly de voted to pasture. In the low-lying land the wells are but a few feet deep, but in the plateau water is not found except at 90 ft. or greater depths. The intermediate slope is rich in mangoes, and the river bottoms in date palms and luxuriant groves of trees. At Kamal there were the finest orchards in Northern India, and there are still throughout this tract many valuable shrubs and natural foods. From the earliest times the chief_ events ot Hindu history have transpired within this district, or near it, in the City of Delhi, whose varying fortunes it has always shared. It is representative of the Paujab, especially because made the thoroughfare of invasion, the three great and decisive battles of Panipat being fought within its borders. It suffered from these even more than the western terri tory, and recovered less quickly under British rule. The early emperors bore heavily upon its resources, because of its nearness to their palaces ; but at least they benefited it by means of canals and ruled it with some degree of consistency. After the overthrow of the Mughal throne it became a no man's land, wasted by Mahrattas and Sikhs alternately, until four-fifths of it relapsed into forest ; the few villages that remained were fortified strong holds of predatory bands of war with each other and levying blackmail upon all strangers. The fields were given over to beasts of prey, lions being seen in the vicinity as late as 1827, while tigers seized upon fakirs on the main road. Wolves, boars, deer, crocodiles, and wild fowl still abound in the outlying parts, but when the territory came under the British flag in 1809 they bade fair to be the sole proprietors. Peace brought back the peasants, but un pardonable misrule by early officials rendered the unfortunate district almost as wretched as in time of war. English rule has not always been beneficent. The taxation was not only excessive but vexatiously imposed, with the most reckless ignorance and injustice. Every petty chief was permitted to levy transit dues, in addition to the regular Customs charges; the police were notoriously corrupt, bandits flourished, the irrigation was so mismanaged as to ruin thousands of aures, while the hap less magistrate in charge traversed the district carrying all his criminals with him, since gaol he had none. The country once more seemed lapsing into barbarism ; the villagers, though as much attached to their homesteads as any people in the world, fled from their ancestral shrines before the blundering exactions of incapable British officialdom. The famine of 1824 first opened the eyes of the authorities to the consequences of their tyrannous stupidity. The assessments were revised, and in 1S33 again largely reduced. In 1836 old debts were remitted, and in 1S12 a regular settlement was effected, which, how- - ever inequitable, was aii immense improvement upon the former condition of things. In 1»S17, 1852 and 1856 there were fresh efforts to adjust the burden to the hacks of those who were compelled to bear it, and finally it fell to Mr. Ibbetson in 1870-81 to introduce a scientific system under which it was possible for the unhappy residents at last to realise . that a civilised Government not only aims at justice, but obeys as well as enforces its com mands. Of the people 207,000 are Hindus and 55,000 Muhammadans. Until after the mutiny the latter worshipped with their neighbors, and still pay a certain homage to their shrine. The Rajputs raise cattle on the plateau, while the Jats universally, with smaller bodies of Gujars, Rors, Tagas, and Saiyids, apply themselves to cultivation in the lower lands. Individual pro prietorship of land was unknown among them until the British regime was introduced, and they were equally ignorant of rent. A number of the villages are still worked, and all are governed on the communal principle ; in some the land is divided according to ancastral .shares among the several classes of villagers, while in others the titles of individuals are recognised in a limited degree, relating origin ally to the use rather than the ownership of the lands. The misfortune is that here as else where, instead of developing existing systems for the benefit of the cultivator, the rage for landlordism has led to the blind introduction of the principles of English law, with the most disastrous effect in many cases. The whole polity of the daily life of the Hindus is based upon other lines ; the villages are communal in all their habits, and are self-governed entirely in a communal spirit. Hospitality is a duty ; food, tobacco, aud a resthouse are provided in each of them for travellers and officials ; they have commonage and its rents; repair their wells and public buildings, such as they are, maintain their local watchmen, and undertake many civic duties. These expenses are made up out of common revenues and cojiniou con tributions, which are said to be arranged with perfect equity. Tlie agriculture, in the same way depends upon association among themselves, whether for ploughing, sowing, irrigating, or reaping, and it is their intelligent co-operation alone that makes it possible for them to succeed as tbey do. Then again there are tradesmen, such as car penters, cobblers, blacksmiths, potters, and others, who work for all in the village, and supply their needs by the exercise of their respective crafts, receiving in i-eturn certain fixed proportions of the harvest. The taxes in Kamal and neighborhood are still mid in kind, and services are reckoned in kindfin cul tivation, so that the profit sharing and social organisation which form the ideal of some political thinkers are to be found just as is land nationalisation, not merely in the germ, but m a considerable state of development among our fellow-subjects in Indta. A wise conservatism would have respected these native institutions aud customs, and have sought to encourage their natural evolution and improvement, but unfortunately it was pre ferred to hamper and maim them, and to thrust upon the peasants so far as possible the harsher and more selfish practices of a commercial people infatuated with individualism, and having for their ideal of action buying in the cbeamst and soiling in the dearest markets, without rpgard to those who bought and sold, or yi ho were bought and who were sold in con sequence. The careful redistribution of taxation, realignment of the canal, and construction of public works have now brought the tract to a better condition than it has ever enjoyed. If there is nothing like individual advance or local developments such as are familiar in Anglo-Saxon communities, it has to be remembered that the increase of population is always up to the limit of subsistence, that nothing more than subsistence is aimed at by the mass, and that nothing more is possible to individual aspirants, if there are any such. Al1 are reduced to a level at which practically the whole time and the whole strength of each man are needed to gain his ))are bread from day to day. The Indian peasant lives iu a mud hut without owning tlie land upon which it stands, and sees the building collapse in time under the rains since he can build another upon the Fame spot with material obtained from the village tank. By this means tanl« are increased in size, and villages elevated higher upon their mounds every year, and in some old site3 have actually risen 100 ft. He owns the utensils of earth and metal neef-spary for cooking — tho latter of brass if be is a Hindu, or of copper if he is a Muhainmadan, a few strips of cloth for dress, a few rupees hoarded up for a wedding, and the re=t of liis small capital visible to the world in his wife's little stoek of jewellery. He does not, as a rule, own the land upon which he labors and tlie wooden imple ments by which he scratches it represent a very few shillings. H-; owns nothing moreunless-it be an ox or two. His hours of labor are from daylight to dark, with' a sliort rest at midday in the rammer beat His food is grain and pulse soaked in water or boiled in milk, a porridge of coarse grain, a pease pudding or boiled lice. The wenyji of h'm family cxwk, ppin, clean cotton of its seed, grind corn, fetch water, and sometimes work in the field. Chil dren aie employed as soon as they are able to tend sheep or cattle or scare birds. All work and always work, and for very little reward. Ill Mr. Ibbetson's district, though perfectly willing to perjure themselves for a friend if they believed he had right on his side, and though always prepared to cheat and deceive the white if not the stranger, they are Honest in their dealings among themselves, and, so far as he knew, moral also. Life offers them few pleasures ; their simple festivals, their little harvests, aud their eternal gos ip sufficing from year to year. A modest people religiously, they believe themselves too small to attract the attention of the great gods, and accordingly confine their worship to the Sun, the Jumna, mother earth, and the god of the Home, pro pitiating fairies and demons, and especially tho deities of smallpox and kindred complaints, while carrying with them everywhere a crowd of idle superstitions. Nothing is done without religious sanction — well sinking, ploughing or harvesting are all ushered in by brief and busi ness like jietitions to the unseen powers. They frive nothing for nothing, not even prayers. Working at the well month is recognised as dangerous, and consequently becomes a proper place for piety. Hence the natives' proverb, with its_ shrewd worldly wisdom of summary : — ' It is a mad world. People call on God only at the well, and twist their bullocks' tails and prosper.'' There is a certain method in their madness, even in their crudest and most childish beliefs about ghosts, omens, charms, horoscopes, lucky numbers, the evil eye, the danger of yawning, and the auspieiousness of sneezing. They manage to sail as near to the wind of admonition, and as close to the coasts of perdition, as other Pharisees in more civilised communities, minimising self denial and cajoling angry deities by judicious bribes to their priests, from whom they obtain a con siderable latitude of self-indulgence. By such familiar compromises with reason and con science one is enabled to discern the relationship of the Hindus to peoples with whiter com plexions. They are the touches of nature which make the whole world kin, linking the quiet, submissive, silky minded Oriental to his Caucasian master, whose brusque manners and haughty peremptoriness of command might seem at times to create a suspicion that he believed himself a being of another order. As are the people of the Panjab so are the people of the whole peninsula, constituting tlie base and body of its social pyramid, of which only the apex and surface are coated with a thin facing of conventional civilisation. They constitute the entity to which we refer as 'India,' all the magnificence of its moun tains, sweep of illimitable plains, flow of superb rivers, and dazzling glory of irresistible sun furnishing only a background for this bulk of savage life and patient labor. Towns count for little, and the townsman, noisy as he is, for less, in the sum of the national existence. The village and the villager are its real units, and more, perhaps, than in any part of the world the peasant is the typical citizen — the conservative substratum upon which all rests — in whose breast the wild_ creeds, intense caste feeling and unprogressive character of the race stand revealed in all their pristine and ever enduring power. Hisnarrowness, sectarian prejudice, and confidently illiterate ignorance are balanced by homely virtue and gentle nesses, which his chiefs exhibit in a less marked degree. Playing no part in public affairs, furnishing a small proportion only of the ruling class, subject to strange masters and always the serfs and creatures of those of their own blood who may happen to be in power, the ryots have preserved healthier qualities and nobler traita than their wealthy aristocracies or reigning families. Their lot is the lot of the many in most countries— unceasing toil unnoted pleasures, unrequited sufferings and unrecorded aspirations. History ignores them, tradition discards them, poetry disdainfully passes them by. And still to have innocently helped to feed their fellows may yet be held more honorable than to have wasted farms or sacked cities ; to have reaped the harvest of the seasons better than to have sown ambition and garnered pride or fame. ' We may talk what we please of lilies and lions rampant, and spread eagles in fields d'or or d'argent, but if heraldry were guided by reason a plough in a field arable would be the most noble and ancient arms.' ? 