PORT JACKSON AMATEUR SAILING CLUB. A general handicap race of the Port Jackson Amateur I Sailing Club was sailed on Saturday afternoon, over the Manly course, extra sails being allowed. The prizes were first £6, second £4, and third £2, the first and second being presented by a friend of the club, and the third by the club. The entries and handicaps were -Mantura, 24ft., Chris. Webb, scratch; Atalanta, 22ft,, J. Robinson, 3 minutes, Isadora, 2-1 ft., J. Young, 3 minutes, Our Tom, 24ft, G. Parrett, 2. minutes Massilia, 24ft., P. Roberts, 6 minutes The Ghost 24ft., Mark Foy, 8 minutes , Wild Wave, 22ft., A. Richardson, 9 minutes, Iverna, 22ft., R Tombs, 9 minutes, Our May, 24ft., C. Bradley, 10 minutes At 3.25 p m. the flag was lowered to a very fair start, the breeze being from 3s N.E , with a fl lod tide. Our May was first to cross the line, followed by Atalanta, Mantura, Our Tom, Isadore, Iverna, Massina, and Wild Wave in the order named The Ghost did not start. Iverna, Our Tom, and MasBilia crossed on the port tack, while the others went away on the starboard tack. Mantura, fo Towed by Isadore, Our Muy, Mas - silks, and Iverna soon came on the port tack, and stood for Garden Island, and coming in stays Mantara cross MI the four, and all out across to the northern abo ra, making ( remorno, where Our Tom came out with a bad word position, Atalanta being just abreast of tion, and Mantura a little astern of them. Then crime Isadora, Our May, Wild Wave, Iverna, and Masai lia. All laid wall along the northern shore to Bradley's Head, under which most of the boats felt the lee story much. Our May being becalmed for some time, and Atalanta being to leeward of the Root began to draw away , but Our Tom and Mantura, fooling the breeze and holding a better wind than her, at once took up, the lead. Atalanta threw round on the starboard tack and stood into Bradley's, bernie crossed by Our Tom, Man. turn, and Isadore, Our torn opened out the head with a load, Mantura being very close up to leeward then came Atalanta and Isadore. Our torn, Atalanta, and Wild Wave stood into Taylor Bay, while Mamturei made one long stretch across to Shark Island, Our Maj following this movement, which Iverna came about midway between Bradley's and the island. Oar Tim, Atalanta, and Wild Wave worked along the western shore, and Mantura from Shark Island came across a Obelisk Bay, crossing Our Tom and the remainder of the Root. Mantura, Our Tom, and Atalanta in this order came out to midstream, and Atalanta Coming about on the starboard tack, crossed Our Tom, and from here all made the R. S. F. S. buoy at Manly. Atalanta sending up her topsail before real thing here. The times rounding were. - Mut turn, In 32m. 52s. ; Atalanta, 4h. 55m. 15s.. Our Tom, 48\. 32m 24s., Isadore, 5h. 39m. 38s , Wild Wave, Hu 38m. 47s , Iverna, 5h 48m. 4s. ; Our May, 4h. 43m. 30s., and Mnssilla, 5h. 53m. 20s. Balloon King and topsails were set for the lead to Shark Island, LAMB flllia passed our May, and Our torn gained on Atalanta, and rounding Shark Island the order was Manure, Atalanta, Our Tom, Isadore, Wild Wave, Iverna, and Mnssiiin. For the run home all set squares sails but Our torn, Wild Wave, and Ivcrnn, they being contented with balloon ribs, the latter also carrying a jib topsail. Our Tom comfort Atalanta, and a splendid race ensued between them to the flagboat, the finishing times being yawns tuna, fish. 39m. 35s., Atalanta, 5h. 21st. 33s., Our Tom, 5h. 53m. 34s., Isadore, GTi. 54m. 50s., Wild Wave, 5h. 39m. 2s., Iverna, Ah. 30m. 61 and Massilia, 5h. 32m. The steamer Florrie Ellison followed the race, in charge of the hit n. secretary (Mr. A. J. Spears and Messrs. G. Hellings 71 and I'. L. M ulhall carried out the duties of starter at id timekeeper respectively. 