THE SEPARATION MOVEMENT.\ PUBLIC MEETING. ' A public meeting, convened by thc Mayor on a numerously signed requisition, vas held in the Theatre Royal last evening, "for the purpose of affording the people of Rockhamp- ton and its vioinity an opportunity of ex- pressing ' their opinions aa to the absolute necessity of making every effort to obtaiu the Terri tonal Separation of Central from Northern abd Southern Queensland, the recent actions of the Queensland Government, re the dredges and construction works in the Fitzroy Kiver, ko., rendering lt more imperative than ever that we ehouldhave tho management of our own affairs," The Mayor, (Mr. F. A. Morgan) occupied the chair, esd there wore with him on the platform Met i. Vi. Davis (Town Clerk), Thomas Parker iTown Sur- veyor), J. Murray, M.L.A., Turnbull (of Medway Station), G. B. Shaw, W. K. Higson, S. Williams, W. BuiT, and W. Cook. Tho building was well fillod. The Marou, in opening the proceedings said he had always been favourable to Repara- tion ; but he had never taken any prominent part in the movement, believing they would not get the right to manage their own affairs. Seeing, however, that thc Southern .people graut them the measure of soli-government offered by Sir S. \V. Griffith, he thought it was time for every person in the Central District to put his shoulder to the wheel, and say " Kow we'll have nothing but Separation pure and simple." (Applause). He was con- fident that if all worked together, and as men should for their- own interesta, that it Would be a very short Urns before they had Separation. .(Applause.) His Worship then referred to tho proposition of the Government to sell the dredges, charac- terising it aa a nice little game," and one that would force the people here into the posi- tion of having a railway constructed, to Fort Alma to give them an outlet for their com- merce-a question that they themselves bad yet to decide upon. bad been ill-advised ;h to refuse to The TOWN CLERK then read the notice con- vening the meeting, which he sail wu signed by 180 of the leading residents of the town. Mr. SIDNEY WILHAMS moved the first reso- lution, as follows That this mwüajrliof opinion that the honest efforts nude by the Govarament to sive ProvlnolsJ Separation, and the selfish action ot Soulbern member? io opposing; lt, we hare no other option' than to appeal to the Im- perial author! tl el for Territorial Separation. (Applause). He said it waa quite, unnecessary to give' the 'reasóüi why they were to appeal for Territorial Separation ; to the Imperial Government. The -hardships' under which they had existed for years put were well known to all. They bad been a long-suffering and patient people, and this Government and previous governments-in fact, the Southern administration-had'taken it for granted that they -were not likely to kick .against what they had so far chosen to give them. About two years ago, the Separation movement, Which 'was"starred1 twenty-four years back, »ras revived, and Hr. Archer,'' who was one of the first of the old Separationltta, said he would throw himself, into'lt, and would dp all ho could, if he were " stare the people were - sincere in their desire to obtain self-government. Mr. Archer made that remark because, 'on a previous occasion, he went to London with a petition for Separation,' and' theil the Government in toe Sooth gave the district a start by com- mencing the construction of the trail way to Westwood. Kow that the movement had been resuscitated, tibe Government came forward with this ' provincial., government scheme, and the more moderate Separationists -who believed that the half-loaf was to be preferred ' tb what 'they thought would be ultimately no bread at all-said they would take ' what the Government forced on them. The Government were Informed by some Separationists that they had not the power'to penetrate the majority; of the Southern mem- bers with the wisdom of- their proposi- tion ito iarrly govern the Northern and Central portions of the colony by this pro- vincial scheme; but Sir S. W. Griffith said he felt sure that the majority of the House wished to ease Queensland fairly governed, and the Central members, almost to a man, he believed, supported him in trying to carry his proposition, with a result that they now .- knew of. It wu said by the Southern peaple,-and those who were opposed to them, that .t hey had not got in this district men to manage the government of' euch a colony as Central Queensland would lie ; but be contended there were no grounds for such a statement, lt was a ulta true -that they did not fizz up like a bottle of ginger beer, and when they had had their cake, and eaten it, were surprised they had Rot nothing in front of them but ' flat ditch water. Brisbane, on the other hand, had thrived on the expenditure of Government borrowed money, and ' now "that that expenditure had been stopped,- down- went thc value nf property in that city. In fact, properties for which £6000 had been paid, could now be got for £2000. 80 much for the brain power of tho people of Brisbane. No such thing as that had occurred in Rockhampton or in Central Queensland to one-tenth or one hundredth part of the extent that it had in Brisbane, in fact, the Brisbane people had blundered; and made a horrible mistake, and they did not like it, and said " Don't let the Central'people go outil we get the finances of the colony right.'.' It had been said that what a district paid through the Customs was a proof of ita wealth { but that was quite a mistake. The wealth of a district consisted in what it produced. There 'were not any manufactures hero to speak of, andit was not likely that they wonld havo many. The Government hod never encouraged the manu- facturing industry. They said the people they would bring to this colony should be farm labourers, arid exclusively farmfalwurers, and they were brought out so that the squatter and the man who bsd a farm could employ them cheaply. He did not say that farm labonrera should not be brought to Queensland ; but he merely mentioned thc fact. to show how inefficient and how foolish any government was to intro- duce people of that class only. Mr. Williams then went on to quote instances of the mismanagement or the neglect 'of the Government of ? tho wonts of the district, referring to the one brief visit marie to'Rock- hampton a few years ago by the Railway Commissioners ; to the fact that though the Central Railway hod boon opened to Ilfra- combe some months ago theie was no con- venience for unloading goods, with the results that they had to bc sent to Barcal- dine, and thc Government lost thc additional railage that would have to be paid to thc newly-opened terminus ; to the action of tlic Railway Commissioners to the navvies employed on thc linc, which amounted, as a matter of fnct, toa reduction in wages, and in one cascbe knew of caused therotircmcut of one man from thc service. It might he said that the Commissioners had taken this courso witli tho men in the interests of thc colony ; but in the eyes of God Almighty the workman was just as important a person as thc muster above him. There vms something unequal in things, ami they wanted a government nearer to themselves, one that would seo what was unequal. Governed ss at present, they were at a disadvantage, and the Government admitted that by appointing Mr. Ranking os their sgent at the time of the lute strike admitted it was desirable they should be represented by someone nearer to " the seat of action," as it was then called. Hut while Mr. Ranking was in tho western country representing the Government, Minis- ters were away opening the railway to Gympie, and attending shows ¡ but they scarcely ever thought, either then or utuuy other timo, of coining to Rockhampton. It would put thom to too much inconvenience. Indeed, he ques- tioned if tiioy would, if asked, como to thc town lo opon the new: Gills' Gram- mar School. Tiley had not intimated their willingness ' to do so nt any rate, and the Minister for Education had nover taken the slightest interest iii it. There tren muy retuto ni he could give why they should have self-government, and numeroui other I oe tances of neglect and the like that he could quote to show the disadvantages the; suffered under through being so far removed from the scot of government ; but he would just say this : If they were law-breakers the nearer they had the eye of government on themthe better, if they were law- abiding it was just as well they had lt close at, hand- The Government would perhaps say they had got their representatives in Parliament; but Parliament would not listen to them. They had not taken the slightest notice of what they said with regard to the claim of thc Centre to self-government. Worse than that -What did the Government itself say when the representatives asked that the dredga should be kept in the river? "You do not understand it. We bavo a scheme for the better arrangement of the dredging plant here." (Laughter.) And what was that scheme t To sell it. Why, only that day tho hulk that used to supply the coal to the dredge was sold at auotion for £17, and down to Brisbane that money would go. (Laughter, and a voice : " Wc will take charge of the Customs and buy a dredge our- selves.") Mr. Williams concluded by express- ing the hope that residents of the district generally would support the movement, and resumed his seat amid applause Mr. THOUAS PARKES, in seconding the re solution, said he remembered reudiug some time ago ol thc entry of ono. of the ancient kings ol Britain into one of thc cities of the old country. He wa« met by the leading official, who made some attempt atau apology for not having received His Majesty with the firing of cannon. The official said " Sire, I have to apologise for not receiving you with the firing of cannon, and I am about to give you nineteen reasons why we did not do so. Tlie first ia that we have not,, and never had, any cauuou in our town." His Majesty stopped tile speaker by saying " I am so well satisfied with the first reason that I will dispenso with all the other eighteen." He thought he (the sneaker) or any other speakers who were to follow < might Le ablo to give nineteen reasons why there should be granted to this district .the, inherent-right of -self government ;. but when he had, mentioned the first he thought everyone in the meeting would excuse him for not - giving any other. That reason ' was that they had no other way open to them. (Applause.') He sub- mitted, in fact, after studying tho question fully, that, as the Mayor had appropriately put it, there was nothing else before them than to'straightway ask the Imperial Govern- ment for Territorial Separation. (Applause.) Mr. Parker, then weat-on to refer to what had lcd np to this position, ¡and in doing so contended that the debate on the Chief Secretary's provincial government proposals was a thorough and entire condemnation, once and for all, of ' the present system. The proposals were discussed fully, and to a large extent fairly ; but not one word was said in defence of the present method of government, nor any reason given for object- ing to 'Separation: ' ' There tine one reason', and it came ont in a very peculiar way, as à sort bf despairing exclamaron from Mr. Morehead -"Good Goo, what will become of the South if the ' Central .District is taken away , from it." (Applause.)1 And that reminded hbo of something he bud read not long ago about a man who* had lost hu wife-a negro, it waa, he thought. For aome time he was continually going about lamenting his great loss. His friends endeavoured to console him ; but the poor man appeared to be inconsolable. There seemsd to be a mystery in his case. No one could {understand how thoroughly despairing he was-almost at his wits' end, almost ready to give up the ghost. At last one friend tried to sound him, and the poor man, rather unguardedly, he thought,. admitted his great despair was this - he should havo to turn to, and work 'for himself. He was afraid that was the great trouble, the great secret, underlying the opposition of the Southern people-they would have to turn to and work ont their destiny as part of this great country, (Applause. ) And he would go further than that. It would be tbe best thing that could happen them, and the people of the Central I District, when they were each put in that position. (Applause. ) Mr. Parker then briefly < criticised the provincial government proposals of Sir S. W. Griffith, and referred to the right of the Central District-on the basis of its population,' Customs revenue, its resources, and tbe extent of its territory and industries-to govern int own affairs. In concluding; "he remarked there were some who said they should wait until the great question of the federation of tho colonies hud been settled. That was, in his opinion, fiutting the cart betöre the horse. He be ieved in the old adage that union was strength, and that was beautifully demon- strated by the homely illustration of the bundle of sticks. But qè submitted that before they could have their bundle made up they must have their sticks chopped smaller, and chopped by the axe Of Separation. Then they could take the cold Of Federation, and tie it up, and they should have a united, a prosperous Australia. (Loud applause.) Mr. W. KIDSON, who stated he wished to move an amendment, was received with loud applause. Ascending to the platform, be ?aid' lt was generally assumed, when a person got sp at a meeting of that sort to propose ari amendment, that ho was opposed to the subject matter of the motion - (Voices ? "No.") and he wanted to make lt quite' clear that ho was not' adverse to the proposition. Why he stood there, in the position he did, was simply to try to make sure that ' when they got what they asked for-self-government-it should be self-government. (Applause.) He agreed with almost everything that had been said by the mover and seconder of the résolu tion. In fact, there were a great many things that Mr. Williams had said that would very much carry ont his contention. He did not think he would say anything to show he was in favourof Separation, because there moBt be a hundred'or more who bad beard him speak in favour of lt, and he Challenged anyone in that audience of seven hundred or more to say he had ever uttered a word against it- He should just refer to one matter-the removal of tho dredge from the river. There had beeil a great deal of complaint about that, and lie thought justifiably. The complaint was that the Government. said they had not £5000 u-year to spend in dredging the Fitzroy., the finest river in the colony, yet only the other day they voted £15,000 a-ycar to subsidising a foreign fleet-a fleet that nobody wanted-the Colonial Treasurer, on being asked at the time if they had tho money to spend on suoh an object, scoffing at the idea. He did not want to say one word in extenuation of the conduct of the Government, bocauso he thought they deserved all thc abuse they bad got on this occasion, and a great deal more. They were about the worst government-the most unholy government tile ctilouy had ever had. But he wished to put this question-What did the people think of »heir members ? (A voice : " Not much.") Mr. G. I). SnAW : I rise to a point of order. We should know what tho amendment is. (Disorder.) Mr. J. MURRAY : Oh, let him go on. Mr. KIDSTON: Yon will sec I um speaking to the atnondmcnt. A voice : We don't know lt yot. Mr. KIDSTON, resinning, said their members bsd sat down nnictly, or else strayed away from thc Assembly,' and allowed other people to vote great sums of public money for this thing and that thing that could quito well have been dispensed with, while the Govern- ment said they had not £,1000 to dredge the Fitzroy. For instance, there was thu vote of £65,000 for iminigratian, Yet there was not one of thc Rockhampton bunch of (Ive, which wan to do Buch groat things, to stand up and say a word about it. (Loud applause.) A voice : " We aro not hera tn find fault with our members." (Cries ul " Shut up.") Mr. KIDSTON, continuing, said it would be seen that bis remarks were very much to tho inattar. Now la oomo tu the subject ot bis amond incut. Tho present aspect of the -Bipartition question we», tins, .: T'» South had nude it abundantly elnar that the diitri wonld not get Separation.ii they {the Sont! could help it. The North-or at least tl Northern members-had ratted, or rathe were going to fight for themselves, leavit the Centre to Itself. And the only chant the Centre had of getting, Separatio was by going for it as a united people Ii there .was any considerable sectio of the people who held , aloof frm it, or went against it, it was doomed The only chance-the only certain ehance of getting it was by doing something whie would combine (he whole of thp people in on united body, and thou nothing could ato] them from achieving what they, were aiminj at. They Sn Rockhampton were claiming th right to manage their fawn affairs-the righ I of self-government. That was a perfect'] justifiable demand. .But consider, this While they had some voioe in the manage ment of their own affairs, there wer< thousands and thousands of men in thi dlstriot who had no voice at all in the affair! of the country. {Applause.) They hoc no more voice than if they were blackfellows, What did it mean to these men whother th« district got Separation or not ? If they were to be as much political slaves after it as they were before, it would just be tho same tc them. Did they wunt the help of these men to get this benefit for themselves - this little justice for themselves? They kr** perfectly well that outside of RockhàmptM the Separation 'project had met with a great deal of indifférence, to say no more, and ho had been repeatedly asked-What would make the western men go in for it ? That was what he was going to tell the meeting. It was to show them that, In return for their help, they were working to help them-to «how them that what they wanted 'for themselves they were willing to give to them. They knew how much was said out west about the selfishness of Rockhampton people.'. He bad been iu a good many towns, and Honestly fae did not think the residents of this place were more selfish than those in other .centres of population. - Still, they knew quilp well what was said, and he would- give them an oppor- tunity of showing that what they claimed for themselves they were willing to give to other fellow citizens. This was hie amendment That vrhllo admitting the desirability- ot Termer)! Separation, this meeting affirms.that tb« Question o electors] reform must have preoedenoe/ena that untl electoral reform be carried, Separation had -bette remain In abeyance, (Loud applause.) The,first objection , thal might be taken to his motion was that il had nothing to do with Separation ; but tn had just tried to show the meeting that it hat a great deal todo with it, because there wai very little likelihood of it being carried unlesi the amendment was adopted by the Rock' hampton people, ti, on the other hand, it was adopted, he claimed that it 'Would not delay Separation at all. If they made a united demand for electoral reform in the Centre land the North-because he thought the same thing might be done in the North ,-then they would win. The Central I people were afraid the Nofthern^residents would get in ahead of them; but he did not knpw. that there was a chance pf.it. , Elec- toral reform had a great deal to dp with Separation, aud those who were auxious to see the latter .carried might well' consider the issues at stake before they voted against the amendment.-' If they refused his proposition-no matter what reason they gave for it, no -matter whether I they held it was outside of the movement there was not thc slightest doubt 'at all that ! these western men-the voteless men in the east and west-would see that those . who were running Separation were opposed to their getting political justice, and the heather ' would be on fire. (Sensation and applause.) ' Mr. W. Brmss: I would like to call I (Disorder.) Wo don't want any fires here. (Disorder, j Tho M ATOE : Mr. Kidston ha« the floor. Mr. KIDSTON said be bad just, remem- bered, when he used that Scotch' collo- quialism, that in Queensland a wrong inter- pretation might be put on it. ^He simply meant that the voters in the east and «rest were likely to understand, if the motion waa carried, that the Separationists were opposed to electoral reform, and by electoral reform he meant that the practice of the electoral law in Queensland should be brought in accord with the theory, which was good enough. The ides was that they had universal manhood suffrage, and he did not want any more than that. He simply wanted that every adult male citizen should have his name on the register. (Applause.) Same people might think that this was altogether a fancy com- plaint-that there was not much ground for complaint; but in Rockhampton last week, only for some little trouble they took, they would have struck off 100 names of men work- ing in the town to-day. In a town they could look after that a little ; but hf Blackall, which he thought was a sample elcotorate for the west, tho names were lost week re-, duced from 870 to 349. (Laughter.) And it must bc remembered that the great majority of these men could not get their names put' on again, because, owing to a circular sent out by Tozer, it was not proper to give a bushman a vote. During thc late Btrike thesemon were told to adopt constitutional means, to have their grievances redressed, arid they 'adopted the plan of getting their names placid on the rolls ; birt this was the way they had boen treated. . The meeting might say that was not the question ; blithe maintained it was, and, further, .that it was the math «question throughout Queensland and Australia at the present time. In fact, no question of any consequence was likely to nave a peaceable settlement until electoral reform had been dealt with. (Applause.) He thought that what he had said must appeal to thc sonso of each one. He claimed thut these eastern and western men had one com- mon cause, and that what they asked for was only fair. Mr. Williams, he thought it was, told them that a railway man was as much in God's sight os some great'person. Well, the men wno could not get votes because of a flaw in the electoral law were as much citizens as the worthy Mayor, and ns. much en- titled to be free. And they wanted that altered. Ho hud no doubt it would be said, "Oh, wait until we get Separation, and then we will make it all right ;" but if they now refused to do it, how could people believe they would do it then. (Hoar, hear.) He appealed tp tho Committee, and to the moyer and seconder of the motion, to accept the proposi- tion. If they refused to do so, then he appealed "to you men" to vote straight for it-yes or no, whether they wanted electoral reform or not. The amendment would separate the sheep from the goats amongst the Separation men, (Laughter mid applause, and a voice : " You willie amongst thc goats.") As they were aware, there were Separationists and Separa- tionists A great many advocated Separation because they believed il would be a public good ; but a great many others supported it because they wanted to boom their comer allotments. (Hear, hear.) This motion would separate one from thc other. He should not take up any more timo ; but ha sincerely hoped tho amendment would be carried. (Loud applause.) Mr. J. C. STEWART, who waa received witli loud applause, seconded thc motion. White ho admitted that thc people of Rockhampton were perfectly justified ni claiming Separa- tion for themselves, he held that if they were true Domocrats they had no right whatever to make tho demand while at least one-third of the men in thc colony were unfranchised. (Hear, hear. ) They claimed self- government for themselves ! hut their first duty was to sec that those other men, who wore political serfs, were raised to the dignity and Btatus of manhood by hnving a voico in the govern- ment of thu country. (Applause.) Theques tion otclcctornlreform was the moak important problem tim t was to thc f rou t at theprosenttimc, and he could toll them that neither Separation, nor Federation, «or any other41 ation" would avail tlicm anything until every man in thc colony hail got the franchise. The amend- ment would commend itself to every tm« lover of liberty, 6ven to the men an thi platform, who professed ? st least to be llave in liberty, Mr. Stewart conclude* Mi «nasch with' an- attack on Uli Central member» (whom .ho,.held were on almost every occasion allied with; th« enemies of freedom), and an appeal to the meeting to take the first' step to admit amongst them as friends and brothers the western men who were now disfranchised. (Loud applause.) Air. W ILLIAMS, in replying, said Mr. Kid- ston had taken advantage ot thc meeting to expíala his views with regard to universal manhood suffrage, which were that directly a man put his foot in this colony he was to have che same power and influence in the govern- ment of the . country, as a roan, who had been here over twenty years. (Voices: ."No fear;" "so he has¡" *'we don't mean that;" "one man, one vote.") Further disorder ensued, and Mr. Williams re- marked that neither himself nor any of those who, he believed, were prepared to support the motion, had interrupted Mr. Kidston, and he did not see why those who seemed to bc in favour of that gentleman's proposition should not start the campaign with fair- ness. Quietness being now restored, he proceeded to say that be did not i think it was right for Mr. Kidston to take J the opportunity, at a Separation meeting, to bring in such a question. It was said that he hod misrepresented what that gentleman had said ; but the audience had just heard Mr. Kidaton's speech, aud knew what he had said, need not be guided by him. How- ever, he would only say that it was an unfair and an unwise thing for him to have taken the stand he did. (Disorder.) Mr. KIDSTOK : I rise to a point of order. Mr. WILLIAMS : The point of order is I have thc floor. I Mr. KIDSTON : What I wish to say is The MAYOR (interrupting) : Mr. William! has the floor, Mr. Kidston, and I think hs has a perfect right to continue. If you wist to malte an explanation afterwards, and it is not too long, I will allow you to do so. ., Mr. WILLIAMS then resumed his speech. He said be had spoken in favour of Territorial Separation, and had'said what he thought would prove the desirableness of it. Mr. Kidston started by supporting him ; but afterwards said in effect, "If you do not give us what we ask for, we will go against Separation." (Hear, hear, and cries of "No.") They had not got it in their power in this district to say whether they would take this, and whether they would take that. They were before the country as Separationists, no clatter what their opinions were with regard to Mr. Kldston's views, or Mr. Kidston* ideas. What he wished to say was that if Mr. ' Kidston was a Separationist, Jet him support Separation. (Applause.) If he was against , it, they could not help him voting against it. ' It was not right for a man to say "Because you will not give nie this, neither shall you have that If I can stop it." (Applause.) He wished to put the matter before Mr, Kidston and those, who supported him in that light. He held that some honour and thanks were | due to the'people who had worked for Separa- tion for the last two years. There was no one who could say they had no grounds for their demands. In fact, the gentlemen who bad moved and seconded the amendment ad- mitted that. I Mr. J. MURRAY here rose to address th meeting, and «rae received with applause. Mr. KIDSTON : I rise to a point of order If the mover of a motion has replied, the dis eussion is finished-(loud applause)-and i gentleman in Mr. Murray's position shoulc know that. . Mr. MURRAY : lam speaking to the amend ment.' (Cries of "Sit down," and disorder. The MAYOR: You cannot speak, Mr. Murray. Mr. MDERAY still remained standing, and intimated to the audience that he would stop there until to morrow morning, and appealed to tho Mayor to let him proceed as he only had one word to say. The MAYOR : I cannot allow you to speak. Quietness now being obtained, the Mayor rose to put the amendment. Mr. MURRAY (rising) : Before you put it, just one word. (Disorder). I Mr. "E. MACAREE : t wish to say a few words to'the amendment. (Cries of " Plat- form)." Mr. MURRAY : lt is the amendment I want to speak to. Mr. MAOABEC : T rise to make an amend- ment on thc amendment. ' The MAToR(without noticing Mr. Macaree's last remark) : I want you to give os fair play ai possible.., That is a show of hands, ana don't put up two or three at a timo. Hold up one, and I will do my best to count on both sides. A vote was then taken on the amendment, a large number holding up their hands both for and against. The MAYOR : You may think that the deoision I am going to give may be doing an injustice ; bat there arc a great number here, and it is not possible to count the hands. (A voice : "Take it over again.") Mo ; I will net take it over again I declare the amend- ment lost. (Cries of " Oh," followed by loud applause.) Mr. KIDSTON rose to make a remark ; but the meeting became so disorderly that only a,few words thal he uttered could bc heard. He was understood to dissent from the deci- sion of thc Mayor. The motion was then put, and declarer! by the Mayor to have been carried by a large majority. Mr. G. B. SHAW, who rose to move the second resolution, was greeted with hooting and groans. He moved That ín view of toe previous resolution being passed, we are of opinion two delegates should be Immediately despatched to London to Jay our claim before the Borne Government. He said that the representatives of the move- ment in London had pointed out the neces- sity and desirableness of Bondini; from this part of the colony two delegates-men who had a large acquaintance with thu subject, who knew the whole history of the question, and were seized on every point with all thc facts in connection with Seoaration. Ho wu rather sorry a side issue should have been brought in. Ho was one of those who would give to the electors of thc colony thc same right os he possessed himself. That was a vote. The question was a broad one, and one that, at the right time, should beconsidered ; but when they «Vero trying to secure for them- selves local self-government, every sido issue he did not care what it was-should be put to one Bide. (Applause. ) In the course of his remarks, Mr. Shaw said he wanted to make it clear that this was not a meeting of the Separation League ; but a spontaneous gather inn of tho ratepayers of Rockhampton. Mr. WALTER COOK, in seconding thc motion, said ¡there hod been a lot said Stat evening, much of which, perhaps, would hove been better unBiitl. He was rather pleased to see Mr. Kidston and Mr. Stewart there that night, because they hurt spoken very much io the point. They had shown that tho people in the Central District laboured nnder grievances, and that a large portion of the body was totally un franchiscd, and had no voice in the State at all. Mr. Kidston had been kind enough to come there, and show that they had wrongs ; and they wore there that evening to advocate that these wrongs should bo lifted from off them. Mr. Cook then briefly reviewed the i history of Separation, and touched on the advantages that would result from its attain- ment. Passing on to thc railway adminis- tration, bc said there was a complete hunelc from beginning to cud, instancing tliat, for want of a safa to Itcep money in, lie was unable to send goods lo a certain station on the lino only a few days ugo exbept they were prepaid. They wanted Separation, ho maintained, because they desired a constitution that would dovetail with their requirements. It was u general i complaint-ana very just it was-that a large number of thc inhabitants of this land were disfranchised ; but undor Separation they would have a constitution that u-osld dovetail with their requirements, They would hare new laws enacted, and they would bo free from thc bungling system tiley had been accustomed to, Wise laws would he enacted, »nd iii th* future they would be .ble to give to every man worthy of it a vote, (A vol» t " Every man," and applause.) Mr. E. MAOABKB apolte at some length in support of the motion, stating he had been a working man all bia life, and should, always be so ; that he was in favour of giving every inhabitant of the Central District the same electoral right BB he enjoyed himself ; and that if the new parliament established in thia part of Queensland did not grant that right, the electors would be able to compel it by force of numbers to do so. He deprecated, however, the introduction of the question at the present time, to the possible injury of Separation. The motion was then put and carried. This terminated the proceedings. 