AN ATTRACTIVE YOUNG PERSON. All The Year Round) a ) f CHAPTEE "I'm afraid Mrs. Piggin will have to go," said the rector. Mr/Sowerbntts, a stout, middle aged farmer, granted his dissatisfaction. The other members of the little Paddington School Board offered no opinion. "Tas; I think we must give the old lady a quarter's notice, and get rid of her," continued Mr. Dowthwaite. " She is terribly behind the age, there's no doubt of that. The school has earned hardly any grant for the last two years." Mrs Sowerbntts gave another grant, meaning to express thereby his contempt alike for Mrs. Piggin's grant earning power, the grant, and the Education Department. " I expect in another year the inspector will bring down the wrath of the department upon as in earnest. Perhaps they will dissolve the board and order the election of a new one." "That won't, do chow," said Mr. Sowerbntts, decisively. "Then Mr. Sowerbutts more that the present holder of the office of school- mistress be invited to resign, and that the chairman be requested to insert advertisements for a new teacher in the Church Times, and Other newspapers," said Mr. 1 Dowthwaite, making a getting of the nation as he spoke. " Mr. Wintle seconds the motion," the added, with a glance in she- Notion of that gentleman. Mr. Wintle, whose eyes had been fixed the whole time of the rector's face, gravely added; and the rector rose from his chair to intimate that the meeting was at an end. Mr. Dowthwaite spent the whole of the Afternoon in drafting an advertisement and ending copies of it to various clerical \- aad.cholastie newspapers. "Must be a sound churchwoman. One able to play the harmonium preferred," he added to the list of requirements. There was a standing difficulty about getting a crop utterly incompetent performer on the , harmonium at Little Paddington; and the good rector thought he might as well frankly till obnoxious Education Act useful for peace. The interview with Mrs. Piggin he deferred till the following morning, as being the most unpleasant part of the business. It went off, however, better than he had feared. By degrees he got the old lady to understand that if he sent in his resignation it would be gratefully accepted, and she would be considered as having put the parish and the country generally under an obligation, " You see, Mrs. Piggin, we are obliged to follow the times," said good-natured Mr. Dowthwaite, in an apologetic tone. "WA can't afford to lose the grant another year, we really can't." "Oh, I suppose not, sir," said Mrs. Piggin, fixing her eyes on the rector's face. "I've been schoolmistress in this parish for two-and-twenty years, an' we're done very well without any grant. I've brought up my children to learn their catechism and do their duty, like their fathers before them. I can't teach French and during', an' such like; and much good it would do them if I could. However, I've saved enough, thank Beaven, to be independent of every one and Betsy Jane Pugh, stop talkin' and go on with your son, or it'll be the worse for ye." The rector listened in silence, and finally made his escape, thankful that the most disagreeable part of his duty as a reformer was over. But his difficulties were by no means at an end. The day after his advertise- ment appeared he received one hundred and twenty-seven applications for the seacoast post ; the next day brought him two hundred and thirteen ; the third day produced ninety-six. All the applicants were able to teach every necessary sub- jests well as several which were not necessary, and everyone was able to produce testimonials of the highest possible character. In his despair the rector turned to his sister-in-law, Miss Jordan, who had kept his house since the death of his wife, and family sued for her advice and assistance. But Miss Jordan was an elderly lady, with strong, old-fashioned prejudices, and she objected to the new scheme Altogether. She sarcastically advised the reinstatement of MM. Piggin, a course which was plainly out of the question. Mr. Dowthwaite then turned for help to his curate, the Rev. Augustine Cope, a meek and gentlemanly young man, who acted as unpaid secretary to the rector when there was anything troublesome to be done. Mr. Cope took the mass of papers home to his lodgings, and made on attempt to select a few of the most pro vising applications from the others. At the end of four hour's work, however, he found that a list contained no fewer than forty-nine names-an obviously impracticable number. At the next monthly meeting of the beard matters were no further advanced. The table of the morning room of the rectory-which served as a board room was covered with letters of application and copies of testimonials; and the Members of the board sat gaping at the r files of documents in helpless dismay. ?' " Well, gentlemen," began Mr. Dowthwaite with a very vague notion of what the rest of his sentence was to be, when a knock at the door interrupted him. "(sales in," he cried. - * disease are" said Thomas, "there's a lady wishes to see you-" , "But I imagined. Thomas." " But this lady has Fall about the School Board." " An applicant ? It is rather irregular, certainly. I particularly mentioned in I (he advertisements that no personal applications were t be allowed," said the chairman to his fellow-labourers. However, since the young person is here, we may as well see her. Show her Sir, Thomas " statement afterward a slim, upright figure, of a dainty summer costume appeared in the doorway, and the farmers present rose instinctively to their feet. Only the rector retained his presence of mind. " Thomas, at a chair,-" said he like young lady bowed with its utmost self possession, and took the seat which was offered her. She was decidedly pretty. witty WM MO doubt of that, in spite of her present with her thin lips. Her fair hair was br ought down smoothly over a brow as white as any words could desire; her features were all delicately formed, her eyes being especially true fire. Her age it might have been difficult to give; a man would have admitted that she might be over twenty; a woman would have said she did not look ' thirty. "roar name is-Miss-ah! Miss Grayling 1" asked the rector, referring to the . card which Thomas had handed to him. The young lady bowed. As she lifted her head she saw that the rector was still scrutinizing the card, and she comprehended the other members of the board in one swift glance, finishing -rally the curate. Mr. Cope dropped his eyes. Miss Grayling smiled inwardly. "And you have come about the vacancy in the parish school, I understand if inquired the rector. Again Miss Grayling bowed without specifying. "1 gjfjrticularly requested that no jpersonalapplications were to be made," said the rector, in an injured tone. Miss Grayling's ve a little sigh. "I am afraid d (ifd done wrong, she said, with her eyes on the carpet ; " but I was so anxious that my application should not be overlooked. If you would kindly excuse my coming, I think you would find my testimonials satisfactory." As she spoke, she lifted her eyes up to those of the reverend gentleman, dropping them immediately in a very modest and becoming manner. Mr. Dowthwaite was mollified. " Where have you been teaching ?" he asked. She mentioned the name of a village in Yorkshire, and Air. Cope busied himself in hunting up her letter of application and her testimonial from a large bundle of similar documents. Having found them, he laid them before the rector in silence. "Not very much experience; not so much as we could have wished only six months," said the rector. "Now, we particularly wanted a certificated teacher." " I have little doubt that I could pass the examinations if you think it desirable," said Miss Grayling quietly ; " but I think I may say I am capable of teaching the village children everything necessary." It was, indeed, absurd to imagine that this elegant young lady was not capable of acting as preceptor to Betsy Jane Pugh and her companions; and the rector, feeling this, tossed the rather scanty testimonials aside. " I ought to tell you," he said, " that this is a very modest appointment. Yon know the salary is not large, and depends partly on the Government grant earned by the school. The position is not-ah ! -not an exalted one. By the way," he exclaimed, suddenly, "can you play the harmonium ?" . "Oh, yes, sir," said Miss Grayling, with a bright and pleasant smile. " Ah-well-we will consider your ap- plication," said Mr. Dowthwaite, shuffling the papers before him rather nervously. ? "I beg your pardon, sir," said Miss Grayling, in a low, earnest tone, as she slowly raised her graceful form from her seat ; " but would you allow me to wait in the hall, or the kitchen, or anywhere, till my case is decided on I have a long journey before me, and if you>could-?" She did not finish her sentence; but she glanced at the other members of the board as she spoke. Mr. Sowerbutts and his friends had not, meantime, spoken a word; but now they uttered a half-articu- late murmur, and the rector bowed in a stiff but courteous fashion. The modest request was granted, and Mrs Grayling withdrew. Somehow, the young lady had made the board feel that she was in a sense awaiting their verdict that her fate hung in their hands.. Well, gentlemen," said Mr. Dowthwaite a I don't know that we could do better. This young-ah person is highly recommended ; I may gay, highly recommended by the lifting his double eyeglasses to his nose the vicar of Little Shenstone. There can be little doubt as to her capability to undertake the duties. And really, if we began hunting through all these papers, we might go further and fare worse." near, 'ear" murmured Mr. power butts, in a hollow, bass voice, tapping the point of his stick gently on the floor, and accordingly it was settled that Miss Laura Hill Graving should be appointed to the vacant once. CHAPTER. II. In the course of a month the new schoolmistress entered upon her duties. The Tillage children regarded her with mingled admiration and awe as she came into the little schoolroom for the first time in her spotless morning gown. The dress was only of cotton, but it was neatly, even stylishly made. They gazed with wonder and delight as Miss Grayling contemptuously flung poor Mrs. Piggins came into the empty fireplace, and they promised themselves golden days for the future. In that particular, however, they were disappointed. The near teacher, they soon discovered, was not to be trifled with. They had to work harder than they had ever done before ; but they did not grumble. They laterally worshipped their schoolmistress and would no more have thought of disobeying her than of disputing the authority of the village con- stable. When the rector visited the school every Monday morning he was delighted with the the order that reigned there. He thought Miss Grayling a very excise duty and superior young woman. He lent her books. He gave her much advice as to her work, with which he had not thought it worth while to trouble good Mrs Piggin, and his counsels were in variably received with a charming defer ence. It was the custom of Little Pudding ton for the curate to give the school children a lesson in Bible history on Wednesday afternoons; and Mr. Cope looked forward to his first lesson under Miss Grayling's suspicion with some inward trepidation. In spite of himself he felt a certain tremor as he addressed the new teacher, and yet he found himself continually desiring to speak to her. By degrees, however, this were off, and he came to look forward to Wednesday afternoons as pleasant interludes in his rather monotonous weeks. He too, was solicitous for the new teacher's mental pabulum, and lent her books, beginning with popular history books, going on to Sunday afternoon tales, and finally reach- ing the stage of undeniable yellow-backed novels. Miss Grayling smiled to herself as she placed Mr. Cope's " Orley Farm " in her desk beside Mr. Dowthwaite's '' Chronicles of the Schonberg-Uotta Family.'' But everybody liked Miss Grayling. The children's mothers looked on her as a superior being. Even cross old Miss Sowerbutts at the Mount Farm liked to have her go over on a Thursday afternoon, when John was at market, drink a cap of a tea with her, and enlighten her as to the real fashions as worn in London. The only person who did not join in the chorus of approbation was Miss Jordan, the rector J sister-in-law. " Don't you think we were very fortunate (in getting such a superior mistress in Mrs. Piggin's place 'I said the rector to his sister-in-law one Sunday after church. "I dare say," said Miss Jordan. "There is a marked improvement in the behaviour of the children, both at church and in school, continued the rector, is rather a magisterial way, as if to resent the impeachment of an undue partiality for Miss Grayling, which was visible in Jordan's face. " The boys will make half so much noise in in going out of church before the sermon as they used to day continued the parson. "I have no doubt the young woman is very well fitted for her place," said Miss Jordan. "Dear me" said the rector to himself, it's odd how few women can forgive another woman, in a somewhat lower rank of life, for having a pretty face and an attractive manner I"- Whatever the, reason, it was plain that Miss Jordan was not captivated by the new mistress. They avoided each other as if by mutual consent. It happened that one afternoon, in early summer. Miss Greyling had gone up to the Mount Farm, by invitation, to drink tea with Miss Sowerbutts. It was a Thursday-a day when the farmer always attended market at the neighbour- ing town of Groby. I must make haste and get home before dark" said Miss Grayling, as the day began to close; and she went up to put on her bonnet. The operation, however, took some little time, as it was diversified by an exhibition of Miss Sowerbutt's mother's wedding dress and various other pieces of raiment of a quite remote antiquity, in all of which Miss Grayling took keen interest. I declare if a getting quite dark," exclaimed the schoolmistress at last, as she threw on her hat in a great hurry, and went down stairs with her hostess. Arrived in the garden, however, it was impossible to go without a morsel of Miss Sowerbutt's delicious sweet briar; the peas, too, were in a most interesting state of development, and by the time they had duly been admired the farmer's burly form was seen slowly advancing between the hedgerows, borne onward by his gig and his good mare, Jess. Certainly Miss Grayling looked a pretty figure as she stood at the porch of the farmhouse shaking hands with its mistress. " Well, Miss, and how are ye ?" said Mr. Sowerbutts, with a very red face, as he leaned out of the gig to shake hands with his sister's visitor. "Very well, thank you. But I must say good evening. I really must get home before dark." " What's the need for that? Jess and I must see thee home." " Oh, no, no ! I couldn't think of such a thing. You must be so tired, and the poor old horse, too. Good-bye." And Miss Grayling too a hasty farewell of her friend, and ran down the roadway with the prettiest little steps in the world. Meanwhile Mr. Sowerbutts was slowly turning round the unwilling Jess. " But, John, the mare will be overdone. She can find her way home, or I'll send Jacob with her," said Miss Sowerbutts, regretting in her heart that she had ever invited the schoolmistress to the farm. To this John made no reply, and having succeeded in turning the horse and gig, he speedily overtook Miss Grayling, who was walking on ahead in the most determined manner.. When! who-a!''cried Mr. Sowerbutts to the mare. " STow, Mws, w'l'- 'ee shot in ?" And he held back the apron as he spoke. " Really I can't I can't take you back to Paddington after your journey ;" and Miss Grayling stood hesitating. "No," she said, more firmly, as Mr. Sowerbutts only sat looking at her without speaking ; " there is really no necessity for it."' " If I ask ye to come I mean it," said the farmer, " and take it as a favour. "Oh, if you put it so politely, I shall be very happy," said Miss Grayling, as she held up her little gloved hand, and was hoisted into the gig. It was after all only a mile and a half to the village, for the first minute nothing was said. "You play that 'Harmonium in church beautiful, said Mr. Sowerbutts, at length. Miss Grayling laughed and turned her smiling face upon her companion. "Do you think so ? I'm not so sure of that myself," said he. " Beautiful," responded Mr. Sower- butts, with emphasis. " And sitting there, in the chancel, withe the red window shining on yer lead, you look like a saint in glory !" The conversation thus took a more prosaic turn, and Miss Grayling evinced the deepest interest in the price of hay, calves, and other agricultural topics, until they reached the cottage in which she lived. CHAPTER III. The Government inspection was always one of the events of the year at little Paddington. It generally took place in the end of August. The inspector was an elderly gentleman, whose proper name was Christopher Weosby, but whose ordinary name among the teachers of his district was " The Walrus," from the fact that his bald forehead and his white moustache pointing downward in a straight, line on each side of his mouth gave him a decided resemblance to that creature. Report stated that Mr. Wensby and Miss Jordan had had tender, or semi tender, passages at some remote epoch. At any rate, they were very good of clouds, and Mr. Wensby, always dined at the rectory once a year, when his toils in the little village schoolroom) were over. The day came ; the inspection Was duly performed, and at the end of the day Mr. Wensby sat down at the rector's hospitable table. " And what do you think of our new mistress ?" asked the rector, as he began to carve the joint. " A very superior person-very superior person indeed," returned the inspector, Miss Jordan's chin was lifted a little higher in the air as this answer was given ; but the gesture went unnoticed. " Ah ! Glad yon think so. We consider her quite an acquisition," said Mr. Dowthwaite. "Yes; there seemed an improvement in all directions," continued Mr. Wensby ; but especially in the needlework. Under the former mistress the needlework was very clumsy ; now it is admirable." Miss Jordan smiled incredulously. "I assure you I have received Very neat specimens of buttonholing," said the Inspector. "The department cannot fail to be pleased with them. I can show you them after dinner, if you like." I should very much like to see them," said Miss Jordan dryly. After dinner, accordingly, the specimens were produced, and very neatly executed they were. " I don't believe our girls ever did that work," said Miss Jordan, solemnly, as she bent over the buttonholes. "But I saw them!" ejaculated Mr. Wensby. " Saw the stuff in their hands, I dare say," returned the lady. " What do gentleman know about things of that sort ?" she added contemptuously. "I have always to report as to the quality of the needlework," said this Inspector stiffly, and with a slight blush. " But if you assure me, from your own knowledge of the children, that they could not have done this work themselves, it will be my duty to institute further in- quiry." " I am certain of it," said Miss Jordan. That evening Mr. Wensby compared notes with his host and the rector confessed that he was surprised secretly he was startled to find what a large number of " attendances " had been made, even by the most irregular of the village children. " We have aboard meeting to-morrow," said Mr. Dowthwaite-.' ' "" " Then ask Miss Grayling fa attend it," said Mr. Wenstiy, " and ask her whether the children actually did the needlework themselves. If she says they did, I will fix a day I can come over in about three weeks to see them do some more specimens, and Miss Jordan can be present. If there is a marked discrepancy between the two sets of work, why, of course, I must report accordingly; and you can consider fife matter at the next board meeting." All this made the rector feel very uncomfortable. But there was no help for it, and the next day he sent a verbal message to the schoolmistress, requesting her to step over to the rectory, where the School'Buard was then sitting. " Miss Grayling.'' said the rector, not without embarrassment, " I believe that her Majesty's inspector will be able to report very favourably of the condition of the school." Miss Grayling bowed politely. " There is one point, however, on which I should like to ask you one or two questions. These pieces of sewing, now "-and tie produced them as he spoke -'. seem to me very next, very creditable ; but are you sure that the children whose names are attached to them did them themselves, unaided ?" "Quite sure," said Miss Grayling tranquilly. " And the attendances - they seem much larger than they' need to be." Are ' ê you sure you have kept the register accurately ?" " Perfectly sure," said Miss Grayling, looking the clergyman full in the face. One or two members of the board moved uneasily in their seats, and Mr. Sowerbntts seemed to be on the point of protesting audibly against these asper- sions on Miss Grayling's good faith. The rector felt very uncomfortable. " Very good, Miss Grayling," he said " I am glad to hear you say so And I think we needn't detain you any longer." The schoolmistress slowly rose. Dowel in her usual dignified manner, and withdrew. Before long it got abroad in Little Paddington that Miss Grayling was in disgrace, or at least in a condition of suspended favour. Various reasons were given for this, the most popular theory being that the new mistress had been caught stealing the school pence. The matter was discussed in the warehouses, in at the doors of the cottages, in the church yard after service. Through it all Miss Grayling went on her way, serene as usual, preserving exactly the same manner to every one as if the voice of scandal had never mentioned her name. A little before 6 o'clock one' evening the Rev. Augustine Cope knocked at the door of the pretty cottage in which Miss Grayling lived. For some months ever since he had first seen her, in fact-the susceptible curate had been under the spell of the young lady's sweet brown eyes. He had struggled with himself long and manfully. He was not in a position to marry; and Miss Grayling was not a suitable match for him. He knew all that very well. He did not like to think of what his aunts, Miss Cope and Miss Georgina Cope would say on being presented with a village school- mistress for a niece. But, then, he had not looked on the face of any other woman who could be called a lady-save Miss Jqrdan's-for nearly eight months. He was in love ; he could not help it and now this unpleasant matter added at once to his love and to his embarrassment. Even now he did not know his own mind. His ostensible object was to exchange one of the harmless-novels, with which he now kept Miss Grayling well supplied, for another of the same type. " Miss Grayling," began the curate, as he seated himself in the little parlour, " this cannot be true ?" " What is not true, Mr. Cope r" These shameful accusations, these asper- sions-" " Of course not, and I did not think that you, Mr. Cope, would pay any attention to them," said the schoolmistress, with quiet dignity. "Oh, no! not for worlds!" exclaimed the curate ; " I believe in you as I would in a saint ! Dear Miss Grayling-Laura I may call you Laura 6-1 find it difficult to say how I feel for you and how much I long to shield you from the calumnies and troubles of the world in the shelter of an honest man's love. As he spoke, the curate took Miss Grayling's white and well-formed fingers between his own. " I offer you my heart and all I have," he continued, his eyes searching her downcast face. " Alas ! that is so little ! I know well that we cannot marry on my present stipend, but I have youth and strength on my side. Sooner or later I must get a living, and then-and then Oh, Laura ! say that you love me !" " Mr. Cope, I feel honoured and flatter- ed more than I can say, and my heart tells me it is not indifferent to you, but-" She paused, and the tones of the church clock striking fell on her ear. Mr. Cope!" she exclaimed, withdrawing her fingers as she spoke, " you are more than generous, but I cannot trust myself to give you; an answer now. I must not be rash, or unjust to you. Love me now-leave me, I beg you. I will write to you to-morrow." Somewhat surprised at this sudden dismissal, the agitated curate took his hat and stick and departed. Next day he received a dainty scented note from Miss Grayling, in which she said that, much as she honoured him and highly as she valued his friendship, she could see that it was not for his interest to marry a powerless girl, and she therefore declined his proposal. Her decision, she added, was quite " i revocable." There was but one "or in "irrevocable," and somehow this circumstances did something toward mitigating the grief with which Mr. Cope received his letter of dismissal. The testing examination, which was to confirm or overthrow Miss Grayling's reputation, was fixed for a Friday afternoon. The School Board meeting happened to fall on the following day, Saturday At 3 o'clock on Friday Mr. Wensby arrived, and Mr. Dowthwaite and Miss Jordan went with him to the schoolhouse. The children were all there with clean pinafores and shining faces, but Miss Grayling was absent, Miss Jordan's face wore a peculiar smile as one of the older girls informed the rector that Miss Grayling had not been at home for three days. Miss Jordan soon set the children to work, and in five minutes the inspector was convinced by the clearest evidence that not one of the schoolgirls could make even a decent button-hole, much less one like those contained in the specimens. " You had better get rid of your superior young person as soon as you can," he said to Mr. Dowthwaite, as they went back to the rectory. Next morning, however, when the School Board met they found a letter awaiting them from Miss Grayling, in which she sold that in consequence of the undeserved aspersions which had been thrown upon her management of the school she felt that the course most consistent with her dignity was to resign the past which she had had the honour of holding. The rector was indignant, and moved that Miss Grayling's resignation be not accepted, but that in consequence of the revelations that had been made she be summarily dismissed. Mr. Sowerhutts was not present, but the other members of the board, who had but a very limited idea of the seriousness of Miss Grayling's offence, murmured at the severity of the sentence, and at last the rector was persuaded to let the resignation be accepted. The following day was Sunday. It WAS the curate's turn to preach the rector's to read prayers. The choir and the school children were in their places, an! Miss Jordan scanned the congregation with an approving glance from the Factory pew. Dearly beloved brethren, the Scripture loveth us," because the rector. At that moment an unwonted bustle was heard at the door, a subdued murmur ran through the assembled worshippers, and the rector, lifting his eyes, beheld the ex schoolmistress moving up the aisle on the arm of Mr. Sowerbntts ! There could be no doubt of what had happened She curate received a shock such as he had never before experienced. Miss Jordan forgot herself in her amazement!, and stirred it at the bride as if she had been a ghost. Mr. 3 reverences tramped stolidly on till he reached his own pew, and then, having duly installed his wife therein, began to say the responses in a louder tone than usual. To a bride, in a dainty Parisian bonnet, looked very pretty. Her triumph, was complete. Miss Sowerhutts retired to a cottage which she owned in the outskirts of Grey, and the schoolmistress reigned over the Mount Farm and its owner with gentle but firm sway. When Mr. Wensby came to Little Paddington far the next annual inspection he was proceeding to the schoolhouse in state, bearing Miss Jordan on his arm and escorted by the rector, when the party met a pony carriage, in which was seated a pretty and beautifully-dressed woman. The lady bowed graciously to Mr. Welsby, and he not remembering the circumstances under which he had last seen that attractive smile, returned the salute. Mrs. Sowerbutts glanced at Miss Jordan and smiled maliciously. Miss Jordan dropped her hand from her companion's arm, and the rector, stepping forward, whispered something in his friend's ear. "Good gracious!" exclaimed the Inspector ; " that woman I hadn't an idea who she was, I assure you: Though I knew the face-that was all." But Miss Jordan had suddenly become deaf, and on the subject of the senior churchwardens wife she continued to be deaf for the remainder of her days. 