LORD BERESFORD’S RESCUE OF A FRENCH WARSHIP. The Tiaihf Chronicle flays-A privatelettor from II.M.S. Undaunted, at Jaffa, dated the ithof May, and received in London on "Wednesday, brings the nowa of a splendid feat performed by tho vessel the command of which Lord Charles Boresford hn9 had for about 10 months. Jaffa, the port of Jerusa lem, has an ovil reputation among manners. Vessels of any burthon have to lio off' in the roads, and the coasting steamers are often obliged to carry on tbeir passengers to Boy rout or Port Said according as they are northward or southward bound. Tn these roads arrived and nnoliored on the 23rd of April tho XYonch oruisor Soignelny. On Sunday, tbo 2Gth, it camo on to blow hard from tho westward. Tho Seignelajr had no steam up, and tho galo increasing, first one anchor partod, then tho othor, aud tho galo drovo tho vessol ashore on a sandbauk about half a niilo from tho laud. Tho catastrophe, as it appeared to bo, took placo at nightfall, and tho Soignolay’s captain, evidently foaring tho worst, lowered a boat, which, boforo it roaohod tho shoro, lost two oars and its rudder. Messrs. Cook’s chief boatman, Suloiman, who greatly distinguished himself by saving life from a Russian steamer threo mouths beforo, plunged iuto tho surf with his brothors, and brought tho boat and mon safoly aBhoro. Tho Arab then swam off to tho Soignolay with a letter offering assistance, and got back to the shore at half an hour after midnight, having been in tho water sorao two and a half hours. Ho roportod that thero was no 14 hole” in tho ship, so that thoro woro hopes of saving her. But in the morning she sceraod so firmly embedded that tho attempt was thought desperate. So tho bravo Suloi man swam off again through tho heavy sea, aud brought ashoro, banging round his nook, tho captain’s wife. Xu the course of tho 27th tho Austrian Lloyd steamor tried to render holp, but was obliged to abaudon tho attempt. Thou Captain liord Charles Bores ford oppoared on tho scono in tho Undaunted, accompanied by tho gun-boat Melita, Commandor King-Hall. Thoy^ found that tho hoavy sea had driven tho Scignolay into shallow water; and tho Molita, which is of 970 tons and 1,200 horse powor, could not got nearer than 300 yards from tho Frenchman, white tho Undaunted, which is ot 5,000 tons and 8,500 horse power, could not got further in that 450 yards outside tho Melita. In other words, tho Undauntod was about half a mile from tho Seignolay. Howevor, says tho letter, 44 with uotormined work night nnd day, a stool wiro hawser, fifteen shackles of chain cable, aud tho holp of God, wo floated hor in 52 hours. Tho Fronch and English workod like Trojans togothor.” Tun Small Boy Tells the Tkutii.—It is tho small boy who usually tolls things, and at tho dinner tablo is his favourite theatre. A bright littlo fellow pcerod into tho dish at tho head of tho tablo, and oxclaimod, “What a littlo cbickon for so rauny peoplo!” Tho com pony Jarailed surreptitiously, and his inothor endenvourod to quiet him. But ho was liko Banquo'e ghost. After they had all been holpod and were eating, his fuco suddenly lit up, aud, clapping his hands, ho shouted: 44 Oh, yea, I know now, mamma. This is tho little chickou that was ill so long in tho yard, ain’t it 1” 