ITEMS OP NEWS. The Legislative Council had the Legal Profes sions Amalgamation Bill under consideration last evening. The Hon. N. Fitzgerald strongly opposed the bill which, he pointed out, had been previously rejected by the House alter a most exhaustive examination. Tbe debate was ultimately adjourned. An entertainment will bo held in the Wes ley an Church at Wesley Hill this evening. Tho Country Fire Brigades Board have for warded another letter to the Maldon Brigade, touching upon the formation of a salvage corps at Newstead, which states that if the residents there wished to have better fire protection they would need to move in tho matter locally, and call a meeting and ascertain what support would bo giveu by the residents towards pur chasing the necessary equipments. The Mount Alexnnder Agricultural Society held a meeting last night, and confirmation was given to the proposal to hold the annual spring show on Wednesday, October 28th. It was unanimously resolved that Mr James Newman, J. P., he olectcd President of the Society for the ensuing year. Messrs W. H. Davidson aud E. D. Williams were elected Yice-Prcsidents ; Mr F. W. Adams Secretary ; and the committee men were re-elected, with power to add to the number. About a fortnight ago a deputation from the Foolscray Council informed the Minister of Mines that "several valuable discoveries of coal, gold aud meerschaum" had been made in their district, and requested Mr Outtrim to instruct an officer of his Department to inspect the scene of the "finds." Mr Reginald Murray, the Government Geologist, accordingly visited the locality, and has submitted a report to the Minister, in which he states that lie failed to find a single indication of either gold, coal or meerschaum. Mr Murray was shown a deep well on the Werribee Plains, in which lie was informed there were rich indications of coal ; but as the well was full of water, the Govern ment Geologist was prevented from inspect ing it. Walma Pensa, who has frequently been be fore the Police Court for his excesses, was again presented yesterday before Mr Williams, J. P., on the charge of drnnkennoss. He was not so drunk, he said, on Tuesday, as he had only two pints,, but he had resisted Constable Britt in ;lhe Square, which was not tho correct tiling. He was fined L2, in. default, seven days' im prisonment. He will have, tho benefit of a bath in tho gaol, which ho is much in need of. A young man named George Kennct was charged with intruding into tho Salvation Army barracks, and refusing to leave when requested. He did not seem as if mentally sound, and on being asked what he had to say, declared he was under tho influence of spirits, and was pursued by a witch, a Mrs Horner, in Melbourne. He was remanded till Tuesday in order that lie may. he medically examined. He had been under the surveillance of the police fur a couple of days, who had noticed several of his 'eccentrici ties. The declaration of an eight per cent, dividend was made yesterday hy the shareholders at the half-yearly meeting of tho Gas ' Company. It was reported that operations had been carried on very successfully during the past half- year. The company's plant 'is now' complete, and whilst important extensions of. tlie mains have been carried nut, others have yet. to bo under taken. The hope was again expressed that in the near future a further and much-desired re duction will be made in the prico of gas, either for illumination or cooking purposes. A good deal of time was occupied in dealing with au extra payment of L4 to each director for atten dance at a couple of special meetings that had necessarily to be held during the erection of the new works. An objection was taken to the amount claimed, on the ground that a resolution, passed moro than three years ago, provided for a maximum paymeut of L52 -per annum to the directors. A motion for the rescission of that resolution was submitted, and declared carried on the casting vote of tho Chairman, although some shareholders averred that a majority voted in favor of an amendment for deferring the mattor for six months. The meeting broke up abruptly. The entertainment at the Mechanics' Hall last night was indifferently patronised. This was to be expected after the recent perform- ances in the town of the Payne Family and of the Taylor-Carrington Dramatic Company. The programme was opened with a couple of comic songs by Mr H. Palmer and Mr E. Saunders, who were succeeded by Mr G. Rowe in negro specialities, consisting of a story and song, which so amused tho audience that he was en- cored. This was followed by a negro sketch by Messrs Saunders, Palmer, and Rowe, in which was represented a manager engaging two negroes to give a performance, and afterwards a heavy tragedian came forward, who had to fly for his life, and become a ghost to frighten his assailants. The second part of the programme was an original farce, "The Boots at the Swan," in which Messrs Jensen, Greaves, Graham and Osborne, and the Misses Martin (2), Temple and Rickerts took the representative characters. There was no scope in the piece for any display of dramatic ability. The farce might have been put on the stage after a doleful tragedy to send away the audience in relieved spirits, but pro- duced, as it was, after a previous farce it was riot much relished. However, the ladies and gentlemen are to be complimented for their will- ingness to entertain the public. A very large estate has just come into the Equity office. The testator, the late Mr Cromp- tou John Nunn (of the firm of Buckley and Nunn) died, says the ' Telegraph,' on tlie 29th March last,: at Batb. England. His will nnd codicils dated respectively 26th May, 1887, 4th March, 1889, and 23rd March,- 1889, were proved in England by his executors. Tho persona) es tate in England was sworn at L152.548, and his Victorian property is valued at L190,201, of which L4162 is realty and L18C,039 personalty. His ividow receives the house nt Sydenham Hill, London, a. legacy of L8000, and an annuity of L5000, to bo reduced to L3000 on lier re marriage. . His brothers— Mr Charles Nunn (of London) and Mr Phillip Henry Numi (of East. Melbourne)— recoiVo 'legacies' of ';|L8000 ''each" The testator also leaves annuities of 'HOO to the sisters of his wife, and of L50 to hjs cousins, Mr Philip and Miss Marian Nunii. There is onochnritahiobequcsf— -L250— to the Royal Hospital for; Consumptives nt -Ventnor. The remainder /is to go, two-fifths to his son, Mr Porcival John Nunn ; and 'one-fifth to his daughter, Miss Adelaide Nunn. The probate duty will amount to'about LIO.OOO. Some more railway returns were laid on' the' fable of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday,' giving the following information The cost of fuel charged to railway accounts for 1889-90 was L221.188 4s 3d, and for 1890-1 L301, 526 Is fid. The 'actual number of railway trains reduced during the striko period from 18th August to 17 th' November, 1890, was 191., 'The number of suoh trains restored after tlie Rtriko was approxi mately 143. ...... :: u In reply 'to the challenge recently1 issued- by Edward Hanlan and J. O'Connor to row any pair of scullers for a -stake- of1 L1000. and give each of them a single scull race for-LSOO n-side, allowing L200 for expenses; Peter Kemp and James Stanbury have issued a counter chnllonge oh the samo conditions. ' The Australians under take to guarantee Americans L300 for expenses if they row the match on tho Parraimatta River. Maria Hammond was charged on a provisional warrant at Sydney, on Tuesday, with having stolen a lady's gold watch and. chain, value L13, from Messrs Murdoch and Co., of Melbourne, being then bailee thereof. Tho accused was ar rested on- hoard the steamship Cintra at the A. U.S.N. Company's Wharf. She dented hav ing the watch, but afterwards handed it to the I deteotives at the Erskine-street police station.' L49 10s in gold, a quantity of jewellery, and a return ticket from Melbourne to Brisbane were found upon hor. The ticket was produced, showiog that the accused, under, the vname ol Mrs Butler, had purchased the ticket from Mur doch and Co., Melbourne, on the time paymeut system, and had paid L6 5s on it. The accused was remanded to Melbourne, hail being allowed. An order was' made that L20 of the money found in her possession should bo paid to her. Mr William David Scott, who had been master in the Supreme Court on Tuesday for the last seven years, died at Adelaide from pneumonia. He was 62 years of age, and an old colonist. . In accordance with au order recently tpued hy the Mayor of Sydney, the inspector of the cattle saleyarda has seized and destroyed nine bullocks that were suffering from cancer, which were offered for sale nt tho Homebush yards. A mail named Daniel Lynch was- killed In stantaneously last Friday morning at Hazel- hurst's farm, Lyonville. Ho had just bitched the horses to a log to draw it off, and tho learn started before Lynch was clear. The unfortu nate fellow was knocked down, and, tho log rolled oil him, crushing his ribs into lifa lungs. An inquest was held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. On Monday between 30 and 40 young men living between Colbinabbin and Oorop - West started out to shoot hares, which are numerous in tho locality. They bagged about 300, which were on Tuesday brought into Elmore on a wag gon and subsequently sent to Melbourne. This is the sixth hatch which has been killed within an area of four or fivo nnles during tlie last five or six weeks. The hares realised from Is 3d to Is 6d per pair in Melbourne. A very peculiar accident occurred a few days ago to a young man named Harry Wright, iu the employ of Mr F. T. Key, of Seymour (says the 'Express).' Ho was amusing himself blowing a needle nttached to a piece of cork- through a glass tube, nnd inadvertently drew' in his breath, without removing the tube from his mouth. The result was that that tho needle and cork slipped down his throat. Dr Ray attended him for a couple of days, rind' then recommended , that he be sent to the Melbourne Hospital. . In view of the goneral election, several mem bers of Parliament (including Dr Maloney and Mr W. T. Carter) have questions on the -notice paper of the Assembly relative to the non-pay ment of tho extra sixpence a day to railway labourers. Tho House last year affirmed- by resolutions that the men's wages should be in creased by that amount, but quite forgot to vote the money, so as to give practical ' effect to the vote- catching motion. . ' ' Some five weeks ago a coiner's plant was dis covered in a hut at Undercliff, Marrickville, (N.S.W.) From the nature of the artioles found it was judged that the coiners wero to. work in the following manner : — The "head" side of a shilling was gilded over and to it was attached, by means of a special process, tho "tail" half of a sovereign. In this way a shilling nnd part of a sovereign would he converted into a coin re quiring the closest inspection to detect it to be a' counterfeit sovereign. On Tuesday two men, named respectively Vincent Dyer, nnd Cornelius Dyer, were arrested in Hurstville on a charge of having false coins in their possession.' A gallant officer has been taken' from us (says' a Continental contributor, to ' Hearth nnd Home') by the death of General Sumot, the Governor of the Invalides. . During tho war of 1870, he was terribly mutilated, losing both- his -arms, and being otherwise very- much disfigured. A romantic anecdote has- transpired with regard to the deceased 'general. In July, 1870, he be came engaged to. be married to Mademoiselle Yelletan. He was then a strikingly handsome man, tall and elegapt, with a smiling and ami able face. Before the marriage could take place, war broke out,, and Snmpt w»b ordered to the front. When he returned, many long months afterwards, be was but a battered torso of his former self. His face scarred and disfigured, his two arms gone, he presented n pitiable ap pearance.; He at once proposed to his fiancee to give her back her liberty. - Of course, you know the rest. It was tho old, old story. No truehearted woman ever had but one reply for proposals of this description. Mdlle Velletan said her lore for betrothed was unchanged, and, if possible, she loved him more for the bravery which had entailed bo. much sacrifice. Tho marriage took place, and proved exceedingly happy. Mdmo. Sumpt, who survives her hus band, is a grand daughter of Dr Yelletan. the physician of the great Napoleou. ... 