LIFE IN LONDON AND THEREABOUT. Creontcled by Heney Ltjot. Two Australians: Mb. Ciotdebs, Me. Lowe Mb. Gladstone's Holiday-Guest and Hosts After-Dinner Tattle-Death in Dramatic Mood-Mr. W. H. Smith-Mr Parnell. }VESTMINSTER_ Oct. 2. _ It is an odd coincidence that Mr. Gladstone's Administration in ita busiest timo should have in- cluded two prominent mombers -who made their first mark in publie life in the Australian colonies. One, tho earliest comer, was Mr, Lowe f'thoothor, Mr. Childors. Though oach startod lifo in tho colonies, both were English born-Mr. Lowe in Nottinghamshire, Mr. Childers in London. Both .wero sous of clergymen, Mr. Lowo's fathor being rector of Bingham, Notts., nnd Mr. Childers tho only son of tho rector of Cnntloy, yorkshire. Mr. Lowo graduated in high honours al Oxford ; Mr. Childers was fourteenth Senior Optimo at Cambridge. Mr. Lowo emigrated 60 yeara ngo next January, Bolcoting Now South Walos for his now home. Ho was then in his 31st year, and must have been an intorosting spec- tacle practising at tho local bar of tho vigorous young colony. Ho was oleoted member for Sydney, and rotuniing to England in time to seo tho Groat Exhibition of 1851, uovor moro returned. Mr. Childers, also, was a colonial legislator, being oven a momber of tho Government of Viotoria through tho'six yeara that Mr. Lowo was establishing a footing in London, an undertaking tho early success of which may possibly havo encouraged tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs in tho first Cabinot of tho Viotoria Government to retruco his stops. It -was in '1S60 that Mr. Childers, making a second effort, was roturned to tho House of Com- mons as momber for Pontefraot-Pomfret as tho ?word is, for inscrutable reasons, pronounced. Ho mado his way not with the swiftness of his moro brilliant brother-emigrant, but with a certainty that should bo inspiring to ambitious membors of colonial Legislativo Assemblies. Beginning as Civil Lord of tho Admiralty ho became Enanoial Secretary to tho Treasury, a post whioh, though modest in itself and obscuro to tho world outsido the Houso of Commons, is tho touchstone to Ministerial capacity, and whore oapaoity is proved loads to the highest offices. It led Mr. Childors on to tho First Lord- ship of the Admiralty, with a scat in tho Cabinet, a point at whioh. his career was cheeked by a serious illness that compelled his temporary with- drawal from publie life. With Mr. Gladstone's " return to offioo in 1880, it might havo boon sup- posed that Mr. Childers would havo gone back to the Admiralty, whoso business ho had thoroughly mastered. But, upon tho ourious prinoiplo that controls tho distribution of Ministerial posts, ho was selected for the "War Office, and so passed on to tho Chancellorship of tho Exchequer, a position bo held when tho split in the Liberal party brought in the Conservatives. To-dny Mr. Chil- ders announces in a letter to his constituents in South Edinburgh that failing health once moro necessitates his retirement from public life. "With tha certainty of Mr. Gladstone's return to power after tho general election ho might reasonably have looked forward to returning to tho Treasury Bonch. Ho has been faithful to tho fortunes of his old loader, wandering these fivo yoars past in tho wilderness of opposition. Now that tho pro- mised land is actually within sight Mr. Childors is forood to stand aside and ivtttch the triumphant procession speed on. Ho was not a brilliant Par- liamentary debater or a great statesman. He was I plodding, and some critics hinted prosy. But ho has lived a useful, laborious lifo, and quits the political arena with the soothing knowlcdgo that | no personal onemios chuckle over^ his enforced withdrawal. As for Mr. Lowe, he, disguised under the title Viscount Sherbrooke, still haunts familiar scenos, a sad and pitiful ghost of the beau eabreur who onoo hold tho House of Commons entranced, and shook stiong Ministries with his stormy speech. Ho is still to bo scon in tho Houso of Lords, and through the London season his wifo occasionally takes him t. out to evening parties, where his tall figure, now grievously bowod, his white hair woefully scanty, and his furrowed faco boaring many tokens of that struggle against stupidity against which, as Sehillor said, the very gods fight unviotorious, attract attention. Tho younger generation ask who he is, and tho answer " Lord Sherbrooke " sounds unmeaning in their ears. Eor his own fame ho ought to havo died 20 years ago. But since that was not to bo in tho ordinary acceptance of tho term, it is well that Robert Lowo should havo disappeared from the roll of Parliamentary names, and that tho worn out old commoner should havo put on tho mask of tho brand-now viscount. Since ho went to the House of Lords, Sherbrooke has never taken part in debate. Ho is not often there, but makes a point of being present at any important debato, and is careful to take port in ' divisions whero Lord Sherbrooke can record his voto against the principles and tho party of which Hubert Lowe was once a ohampion and an orna- ment. Intellectual vision and physical ovesight aro alike Bndly blurred. Ho ounnot bo trusted to find his way about tho benohes of the House of Lords, and so ho sits in tho side gallery facing his ancient enemy Lord Salisbury, with his faithful wifo at his sido. When tho division bell rings she loads him forth, guides him to tho entrance to tho division lobby, where somo friendly poer takes ohargo of him and accompanies him through tho lobby. Watching him as ho feebly passes through tho throng of noblo lords , going out to flout tho wishes of tho people, as ex- pressed in BOme bill that has come over from tho Commons, one thinks of Samson in tho templo at Gaza : " And Samson said unto tho lad that held him by tho hand, ' Suffer mo that I may feel the | Íúllars whereupon tho houso resteth and that I may ean upon thom.' " TJnliko Samson, Lord Sher- brooke had no covert design to pull anything down. Ho is now for leaving everything as it is, and tho man who in tho pride of his strength used to lash the Tories with scorpions is now counted amongst tho most docile units of their party. Mr. Gladstone is, as tho almanaok rcokonn, two years older than his former colleague, Lord Sherbrooke. As far as vitality of mind and body is ooncernod he is at least 20 years youngor. To- night, approaching his eighty-second birthday, ho is the centre of a tumultuously enthnsiastio audi onco, whom he is addressing in the Tyne Thentro at Newcastle. For him to leave the quiet of his country home in mid-recess in order to address a publie meeting in a northern town is of iteolf a proceeding whioh, if wo lind not grown nooustomed to its reourrenco, would seem miraculous. It is only an incident in Mr. Gladstone's performances of tho week. Yesterday ho was in Perthshire colobrating the jubilee of Glenalmond College. Ho was ono of its founders in far off days, whon tho publica- tion of the famous Tract 90 filled the roligioua world with holy storm. As Mr. Gladstone yes- terday took trowel in hand and lustily spread the mortar on whioh should rest the foundation-stouo of a now wing to tho college, ho was probably tho only man of tho select company present who did not oall to mind the fact that of tho eminent mon who in 1841 joined him in creating the collego he only is left. Having deolared the stone woll and truly laid, and carefully pocketed tho silver ?faowel, Mr. Gladstono delivorod a luminous epecoh of over an hour's duration, lo the graoo and eloquence of which oven tho acrid Times is this morning bound to pay homago. After luncheon ho drovo off to Perth station, caught tho South express, and after noarly fivo hours' rapid travel- ling, arrived at Newcastle to find tho railway station and streets throngod with hearty Northumbrians, who began tlioir welcome by literally dragging him out of tho railway carriago and almost shaking Iiíb hand off. To-night ho delivers a speooh for which all the country is waiting, and to-morrow he goes down to Hawarden, and w11, as certain as the sun riöes, bo found walking through the castle grounds at 8 o'clock making his way to tho villugo church, whero every Sunday morning ho begins tho now woek by taking the early sacrament. Mr. Chrietio Murray has been making acknow- ledgment of hospitality ho onjoyod in Australia, and incidentally earning a few guinoas by defaming his hosts. In a series of artioles contributed to ono of the minor magazine» ho has impartially abused the olimuto, described tho population as drunken, and its eommorcial institutions as tending to bankruptcy. This is a porformanco whioh, I am afraid, will loom much larger with you than hore, whero pragmatically- uttered abuso of this kind is estimated at itB true value. It has, indeed, boon brought ohiofly into prominonoo by tho indignaut replies oommunicated to the press hy one or two Australians who chanced to bo lu London at the time. A late Mayor of Adelaide has thought it worth while to protest, and still moro offeotively Mr. W. II. Fitehott has demon- strated the ignonmco which undorlios tho gravoly construotod fabric Mr. Murray would havo dono better to avoid citation of figures. Allured by bocchs to a familiar book of statistics, ho gives tduifcolf away. " Australian insolvencies," he says, «' aro to British as 4 to 1, and taking Viotoria and Kow South Wales together, wo find an insolvency to overy 1700 of population, ns ogainst ono to every 6000 in tho United Kingdom." Mr. Fitchott put a scornful fingor on tho fallacy that underlies this bold assumption. "Even Mr. Christio Murray," ho sayB, "ought to know that the mero number of individual insolvents iu a oountry is' an uncortain measure of its financial state. In AVhittakor'B invaluable Almanack it is recorded that at the bo ginning of 1890 there were 3773 bankruptcies ponding in Scotland, that is to say, of ovory 1000 of tho population one was bankrupt; which, ¿following Mr. Murray's rulo, would prove that in prosperous Scotland tho insolvency ralo is doubla that of Australia." As Mr. Fitchott says, to oscortain tho real significance of bankruptcy figures wo must know not merely tho number of iusolvouts -a knowledgo that suffices for your roocnt visitor but the aggregate valuo of tho estates in liquidation aud the total defioionoy represented. Working out the sum on this basis it will appear that whilst in tho United Kingdom tho averngo liability of caoh insolvent estate was £1402, and the average de fioieuoy £973, in Now South Wales-which, I am sorry to find, stands in tho worst position on tho colonial list-the averngo valuo of each insolvent estate is £500, and tho avorago deficiency only £155. Whonce it would oppear that British insol- vency reprosonts an averago loss six times as grout as in Now South Wales. Mr. Filohott has been at tho trouble to oollato those figures, and I quote thom. But tho only serious importance of tho in cidont from an English jtoint of viow is tho appre- hension that Mr. Murray should be accepted as a fair representativo of the averago Englishman who visits Australia. Oct. 9. Death, often dramatio in its oflocts, has oxcolled itself this week. On Monday afternoon tho town was suddenly doeply stirred by uows that tho fing was flying at half-mast on Walmer Castle, for tho Lord Warden of tíio Cinque Ports lay dead. Whilst this thomo was on ovory tonguo, como news that Mr. Parnell had died at Brighton. It is impossible to conceive 'in English public lifo a ooincidonoo moro striking than this. Tho two mon eaoh held a foremost place in par- liamentary lifo and English politics, and yet in all circumstances of position, charac- ter, and capacity were wido as the poles asunder. There was something grimly character- istic in the timó of Parnoll's taking-olF. All his political life-and it was only 16 years long-ho had been battling .with staid rospeotability in politics, outraging Parliamentary usages, and dofying constitutional authority. Of all these things Mr. W. H. Smith was the fleshly embodi- ment. Ho had, according to his chastened lights, so borno himself in publio life as to havo endoared himself to friend and political adversary. Ho died in what, according to tho longovity of statesmen, may bo regarded as the primo of lifo. Tho sorrow whioh his sudden outting-off created in the publio mind wus profound and sincere. At least a full weok might woll havo been given up to his mourn- ing and to the extolling of his storling qualities. At such a time, suddenly and unexpectedly, whon no ono was thinking of him, Parnell, obstructionist to tho last, dies in the ovening of the very day that Mr. Smith breathed his laut, and in tho uowspaper press the columns of appreciation and oriticism of tho stormy oareer of the Irish chief jostle into comparativo obscurity the docont lnmontution over rho bier of tho amiablo First Lord of tho Treasury. It is tho samo abroad as at home. AU the foreign nowspapers teem with articles discussing tho disgraced and discorded Irish leader, and there is room only for a paragraph hero and there about the First Lord of the Treasury, Loader of the Houso of Commons, whom tho generality of men liked and applaudod in muoh tho samo dogreo that,,in those latter days, Parnell was hated and contemned. This is, in its way, very sod. But thora is no doubt that history will justify contemporary aotion in this matter. Tears after dear Old Morality is quite forgotten, the name of Charles Stewart Parnell will be familiar in sohoolbooks, and his tall figuro and pale, haggard face will stand out distinct in the portrait gallery of statesmen of the Viotorian ago. Parnell wns not personally interesting in the sonso that Dis- raeli was, and that Mr. Gladetono aud Lord Randolph Churchill, in widely different fashion, remain. But there was about him that fascination which portains to strong characters which tho publio feel they do not thoroughly understand. Disraeli, at one epoch of his career, was known as the Mystery Man of Polities. That was a mock- ing phrase, used in a sense that implied full insight into the strings and motives of his double shuffling. About Parnell there really brooded au air of mystery that, in somo subtle way, added to his power. Ono of his peculiarities was that he habitually concealed his address. Sometimes, as was disolosed in the proceedings in tho Divorce Court, ho assumed a false namo, being known in one place as "Mr. Fox," in anothor as "Mr. Preston." During tho moat troublesomo timos of the campaign in the Houso of Commons his col- leagues were sorely hampered by not knowing how to communioate with their ohiof. It is a matter of fact that for 10.years his most intimate oollongues did not know whero a letter would find him in or near London. It will bo remembered that whon, after the judgment in the Divorce Court, Mr. John Morley was oharged with delivery of a message from Mr. Gladstone to Mr. Parnell he spent many preoious hours in trying to rcaoh him. Neither Justin M'Carthy nor any other of his colleaguos, not even Mr. Campbell, his private seorotary, know whero a telegram would find him. Thus it carno to pass that Farnell entered committee-room No. 15 with- out having had Mr. Gladstone's message dolivored to him, a oircumstanco whioh had momentous effect upon his futuro career and the constitution of the Irish party. Often at important Crises in Parliamentary events I havo seen Parnell suddenly enter tho lobby of tho Houso of Commons, walk with long stride to tho Post Offico, toko his hugo bundle of letters, and disappear towards the library, speaking to no ono on tho way, apparently seeing no one in his path. As for tho letters, they might bo, and probably were, ths accumulation of a week or a fort- night. Many of thom would not be opened, most of thom would not be answered. " It saves time," Parnell once said to a friond who remonstrated with him on this habit of deal- ing with his correspondence, a procedure whioh had at the momont led to some serious embarrass- ment. It is romarkablo how many letters answor themselves in the space of a fortnight. Having dealt with his letters, Parnell might or might not enter tho House. Most often he did not, disap- pearing as rapidly and suddenly as he had arrived, neither coming nor going by tho broad Btaircoso with swinging brass-bound doors, through whioh tho throng of legislators pass. There is anothor passage to tho lobby, hy a wind- ing back staircase, used by messengers, policemen, and others having aocesB. This Parnell always used, not from any moro ocoult reason than that ho was certain thereby to avoid meeting anyone who might speak to him, or who would expect to bo spoken to. Ho was ossentially non-gregarious. He shrank with equal solicitude from large orowds and small coteries. In the plentitudo of his power ho very rarely visited Ireland to toko part in any publio proceedings. It was ono of the most striking alterations wrought by his fall that tboreaftor ho immediately began to oultivato tho populaoo. It was in attending a publio mooting that he mot with tho ohill that brought on his death. On Sunday next he had an engagement to speak at Cork-Sunday, the day he will bo laid to rest at Glusuoviu Cemetery, at a spot not far distaut from whore O'Connoll sloops. During his last campaign in Ireland ho amazod, even appalled, his associates by developing a jollity in publio and a familiarity in private that wera almost hysterical. Just as ho shrank from taking part in publio meetings, so in tho days of his prosperity ho shunned social gatherings. In the Parliamentary season London is givon to abundant hospitality. Tho art of dining is oultivatod in politiool oiroles with infinito solioitudo. Parnell might, if ho pleased, havo dined out every night in company, not lucking any of the delights, personal or material, of tho dinner table. If for sternly patriotic reusons ho declined to join a. party sure to be largely leavened by mon who had voted ogainst him, he might havo joined lus own oolleagues at their tablo in the dining-room of tho Houso of Commons. In early days of his Parliamentary lifo, days that sometimos lengthened into all-night sittings, ho used to dine frugally at tho Houso. But it is years sinoe ho was seen at tho tablo ; where ho dined, and how, boing among tho minor mysteries that brooded over h¡B strnngo daily lifo. How, with theso habits, ho managod to conduot tho businoss of an exceedingly activo party is a puzzlo that affords only ono solution. He did not conduot its business. That was settled in all its details by % lieutenants who boro tho heat and burdon of tho day through tho Parliamentary session. Mr. Tim. Healy, in ono of his angry speeches, lot tomo light upon this dark place by the assertion that for several years Pnrnoll had practically withdrawn from" tho activo direction of affairs, and that whatever had boon done for Ireland had been accomplished by a Bmall committee, consisting of himsolf, Mr. Dillon, Mr. O'Brion, and Mr. Soxfon. Ho ovon added tlint .wbon on raro ocoiiBÍons Mr. Pnrnoll appealed on tho scone, ho wan supplied with nil tho materials for spoech to bo mudo or letter to bo mitton. Thnt is probably truo ¡ but Parnell romninod tbo absoluto muster of tlio pnrty nnd its polioy-a dictator from M'hoso deci- sion there was no appeal. Tlio oxtroordinory rolation that existed bctwoon him nnd lila fol- lowers was atrkingly illustrated at tho oud of lost sosslon but one. Mr. Balfoûr's first nttomplj to deal with tho Land Purohuso question was still boforo tho House. Parnell, unoxpootodly appear- ing ono ovouiug, contributed to tho dobato nn im- portant speech, in tho oourso of which ho throw out certain suggestions nintorially modifying tho bill. His speech was listoned to with rapt atten- tion in iv crowded House, boing naturally acoopted as tho expression of tlio deliborately-arrivod-nt conclusions of tho then undivided party that Par noil led. It was noted whilst ho wns speaking Unit no ono followed Ilia opposition with livolicr interest thnn Mr. Healy, Mr. Soxton, Mr. Dillon, Mr. O'Brion, and others of tho iitnor oirolo of Ilia Cabinet. This was not unnatural, eiuoo, as ona of theso goutlomon told mo Inter in tho ovcning, thoy had never heard a word of the proposal till it was publicly made in tho House of Commons, lu tlio comparativo loisuro of his re- tirement at Elthnm, Parnoll had thought out this sohemo (which, I may add, was iu modified form finnlly adopted by Mr. Balfour, uud is now em- bodied in tho Act of PniUameut), had rim up to town, flashed it forth on an interested Houso and an astonished gnthoring of his colleagues, and then caught tho last train for Eltham, probably on this very night mooting with tlio occident to his brougham that first led his trusting friend Captain O'Shea to believe that possibly somothing was wrong in the sylvan quiot of his Eltham homo. Looking at tho frantio, dosporato way in whloh ho oluug to power, it seems n parodox to wrlto thnt Pnrnoll hntod publio lifo, with its necessity for joint notion and its imposition of spoooh-making. Yet such is the fact. Publio spoaldug was positively painful to him. His differonco from the ordinary run of his oollongues In tho Houso of Commons inoludod a total lack of fluency. When, 16 years ago, ho first entered tlio Houso of Commons, ho was so oonscious of his infirmity that ho remained Bilcnt for nearly two sessions. Ho educated himself in a rough school, joining Mr. Blggar in talking against timo, and tho determination of tho Houso of Commons not to givo him a hearing Uiat, bad as it lookod, was prcoiscly tho discipline that successfully schooled him. Had ho risen amid tho awful stillness of tho Houso, and boon responsible for overy sootonoo ho uttered, ho would havo shrunk appalled from tho ordoal. But, with a mob howling before and around him, it did not mutter what ho said cr how ho said it. So ho stood thoro with olonchod hands, palo faoo, and dosed tcoth, literally hissing forth contumely and scorn in disjointed sentences. In timo ho caine to bo ono of tho most polibhcd speakers in tho House, dolivoring oarofully-cut sentencos in a soft, mollow voico. But that ho was tho same man to tho end as ho had been whon ho first wrestled with a majority of the Houso of Commons was shown in Committeo-room No. 15, when, onco moro nt bay, tho hands clenched again, tooth closed, oyos flamed in fury, the soft voioo wns raisod to the intonation of n furious scold ; nnd Mr. Biggar, had ho lived to soo tho day, would havo joyously rocognisod his old oolleaguo, tho Parnoll of 1877. 