1HI11 191. In Thirty Chapters. CHAPTER XX1L— Continued.' " I bean't mad," Bill retorted still more sullenly ; " and they bean't lies. That picter is your picter, and you are my mother." With a third cry of inexpressible fury Mrs. Rivers darted forward like a panther, wrenched tho riding-whip, out of tho lad's hand, and struck him again and again across the face. " You falso scoundrel ! You insolent boor t Row will you repeat your lies to my face!" , She flung the whip at him, and was gone like a. flash! And Bill stood stock -still where, she had. loft him, too stunned to move. ' Half a dozen sting ing blows she; had cut him across the. face, the livid . welts . were rising already j and the- countenance of the lad, there, alone', in the . purple gloam ing, was:notgo'od to look upon. There had been a witness of this little scene.' Adeline Fernleigh, from /her dressing-room1 window, had behold, it all with horror. As tho boy turned to depart, a plump figuro in a pink dress came flying down the avenue, nnd a littlo xuu jeweiieci iictuu otujgnu niiD-uj' one arm; " For goodness gracious sake stop !' panted Adeline, breathlessly, "and tell mo who you are and what you said to that horrid woman to make her horsewhip you 1" Bill looked up. The livicl welts .jtrers . very plain now; ..and; tender- n46artMv,Addline'ih'(:d''. as -isli'e saw "them. It's no matter, miss," Bill said, in a very low voice, touching his cap. ." I'd rather not tell 1 "But I'm dying tos know !" persisted Miss Fernleigh. " 1 hate her as the — as somebody hates holy water ! Do tell me what you said to make her so tearing mad." " No, Miss," Maclean's messenger answered, holding down his head, " I can't." " You poor fellow ! Just see your face, all red cuts with that brutal whip 1 I'm so sorry ! Hero take this, and tell mo what's your nnmo ?" " My name's Bill Slanoy, and IJdon't want your money, miss, thank'ee." " Never mind, keep it, Slaney. Oh, won't I tell papa of this when becomes homo ! Bill, I'd — I'd do anything for you, if you would only tell me what you said to Mrs. Rivers." " I'm very sorry, miss, hut I can't tell you. I must go, if you please — he'll he waiting." " Who'll be waiting?'' " Mr. Maclean, miss.'' "What!" Adeline cried, "are you Mr. Maclean's new servant? Did he send you here ?" " Yes, miss." " With a message ?'» " Witli a noto, miss." "To Mrs. Rivers?'' ; " Yes, miss." " Was it the note that made heir so angry — that made_ her horsewhip you?" "No, miss." " Something you said to her your self?" '5 Yes, miss." " Did she answer the note ?'' "Yes, miss. She tore it up, and told me to tell him so. And I must go, miss," cried out poor Bill, fran tically. "I must get back before 9." Ho fairly broke from the baronet's daughter, and rodo rapidly home. The silver stars were all sown broadcast in tho deep-blue August sky before lie reached the Hermitage. His master was leaning oyer tho low wicket, enjoy ing the moonlight and his inevitable cigar. ' ' " Well, Bill," he said ; " and you saw the lady?" . " Yes, sir." " And delivered my note ?" "Yes, sir." " What's the answer, my. lad ?" "She tore it up in little pieces', and told me she .defied you, and you might do your worst 1" " EJumph. She did, did she ! Little demon. Bill, my boy," laying his hand suddenly on his servant's shoulder, " did you know her ?" "I did, sir," Bill answered very quietly. "And she knew you ?" Bill lifted his head, and took off his cap. The moonlight fell full on the grisly marks of tho horsewhip. "Look hero, sir," he said huskily. "I told her who I was. I showed her the picter. She threw it into the fish pond. She snatched the whip put of my hand, and she gave me this." " Good heavens !" exclaimed Mao- lean, absolutely turning white with horror, " your mother did that, Bill ?" " She called inq a liar and a hound ; sho did this. I don't mind the pain, sir ; it isn't that — " Tho lad's voice broke down, and ho sobbed outright. " Bill, Bill, my poor fellow !" his master said, his own eyes humid. Bub Bill Slaney turned abruptly away, and plunged into tho woodland. " It is over Maclean said, between clenched teeth. " By heavens, sho shall reap as she sows ! She has sown tho wind — sho shall reap tho whirl wind ! You have gone tho length of your tether, Mrs. Rivers ; now beware of Kenneth Maclean !' An hour after, following guardedly in the direction Bill had taken, he came upon him lying on the. grass, face downward, still as a stone. CHAPTER XXIII. TnE SECRET 01' MORDAUNT WASTE. Tho pretty widow at Fernleigh Ward, besides the virtues of beauty, elegance, and grace, had tho additional virtue of being a constant attendant at divine worship. Twice ovory Sunday, rain- or shino, you saw; lior in tho baronet's great carved, and cushioned, and curtained, pew — her large, tonder dark eyes raised with killing execu tion to tho preacher's face, and the dimpled chin and rose-bloom chooks framed in some exquisito gem of a Parisian bonnet. She was vory devout, and carried a book of Common Prayer, and prayed for tho Queen and royai family, arid " us miserable sinners," with an unction good to hear. Sho was not only vory devout herself, but tho cause of devotion in others ; for, besides half-a-dozen bearded adorers, who followed their dove-eyed divinity to church morning and afternoon, sho insisted on taking Adeline, willy, nilly. Sir Everard laughed sardonically, and issued a paternal bull that his daughter was to obey. " I don't suppose it will do her any good," the old disciple of Voltaire said, grimly. " She'll criticise the bonnets, and make eyes, at those fellows from the Dareport barracks, or fall asleep over the sermon ; hut take her with you by all means, my dear madam. Going to church on Sunday gives an air of 're spectability to week-day sins, and I don't want her at home." Adeline did criticise the bonnets, and " make eyes'" at the fellows from Dareport barracks, I regret to say ; and, if she didn't fall asleep during the sermon, fidgeted and yawned fear fully in the rector's face. But some times—oil, blissful times ! — Lieutenant A. P. Duff swarmed up tho aisle in mufti, with those soul-inspiring moustaches and heavenly eyes of Jiis, and then the damp, stuffy old church turned suddenly to Paradise, and Adeline to one of the Peris. They rather poked, fun at the lieutenant and his fair, girlish face, and made sardonic inquiries as to whether Miss Fernleigh had proposed yet, sug- gesting that he had better write home to Mamma Duff to come and protect her helpless lambkin, and demand Miss F.'s intentions. They were rather clumsy and ponderous, these mess- room jokes — like the jokers themselves —big, florid- faced, ginger-whiBkered, slashing, dashing, fox-hunting fellows ; hard riders, hard-drinkers, hard swearers, and who would have called an archangel names. Among a train of devotees whom tluit fair saint, Mrs. Rivers, drew to church, may be mentioned Colonel Clifford. On the day following that little horsewhipping scene the pretty widow, floating up the aisle and into the big state pew, burying her face in a perfumed cobweb of handkerchief, saw yet very distinctly Edward Clifford watching her with burning eyes from his place in the chancel. She was alone this Sunday. Sir Everard was in London, and Adeline had openly muti nied. Algernon would not be there. " No, I won't go !" Adeline said, tossing saucily her red-hrown curls ; " I don't pretend to be a Christian on Sunday, and horsewhip poor defence less servant hoys on Saturday. You may go to church and pray for forgive ness — you need it — but I will stay at home." It was the first time her pupil had openly rebelled. The widow grew pale with anger. " Miss Fernleigh, how dare you ? You forget yourself. I shall report' this insoleneo to your father." " I know you will," Adeline re torted, with a second toss, "and more too if necessary. I've got a little story for him also, that charming scene where the elegant Mrs. Rivers horse whips poor Bill Slaney. I'll ask Mr. Maclean to, make a sketch of it for. mo, and I'll hang it up in my ropm and relate the argument to all your numerous admirers." "You impertinent — ' the widow made as though to box'her audacious pupil's ear, but Miss Fernleigh drew herself suddenly up, with flashing blue oyes. " Don't you lay a finger on me, Mrs. Rivers. 1 am Sir Everard Fernleigh's daughter and heiress. You are — what are you, Mrs. Rivers 1 I wonder if that poor Bill Slaney knows ?" Mrs. Rivers stood white to the lips with intense rage, powerless, before this impertinent little girl. " You sing quite a new tune of late, . Miss Fernleigh," she said with a sneer. " It is well to have good blood in one's veins, even on the father's side I Or has the lieutenant, Michael Cassio — the great Dufl — proposed, and are you and he about to make a moonlight flitting of it? How delighted Sir Everard will he to find the tallow candle of the haughty Duff added to wio ! urmuign quurcerings. With which parting shot Mrs. Rivers, who let veiy few people get the bettor of her, swept away to church alone. And when service was over, she found herself surrounded by a little throng of devoted admirers in the porch; She had a smile, and a word, .and a nod, or a. touch of the ex quisitely kidded hand, for1 all, and as she looked into tho haggard face and bloodshot eyes of Edward Clifford, she pressed into his palm a tiny note. As she drove away in the dainty littlo phaeton, with its high-stepping ponies, she arched her slender eyebrows with a half pitying, half contemptuous smile. " Poor wretch ! how drearily miser able he does look, and how absurdly infatuated he is with me ! Thank heaven, I have never known what love meant sinco I was a moon-struck girl of 15 I A love-sick woman is, of all tho sickoning idiots- on earth, tho most sickening, except a love-sick man, and ho is worse. Why do men — magnificent follows that they can be, a littlo lower than tho gods, great in war, great in the senate, with tho world and all its glories at their feet — why do they (over stoop to lose their heads for such dots of things as we ? Brill I the best of us aro cosmetiqued and crinolined bahios of a taller growth, with souls no higher than our ringlets and ribbons, and brains just strong enough to tear each other's reputations arid . bonnets., to . tatters without mercy. Half-imbcciles mako always the' most tyrannically brutal task-masters, that is why, I dare say, one woman never knows mercy for another. Then men will say, ' Poor I devil, she's to be pitied, too?' But we j — oh, 'heaven help the poor victim left , to tho tender mercies of her own sox ! " The noto which Mrs. Rivers had left in tho grasp of her haggard worshipper bore neither date nor signature, and was written in a feigned hand. "Don't come here to-day. Be at the entrance of the deer park to-mor row night at half-past 9. Have a pony-cliaiso in waiting, and fetch a dark lantern. Destroy this." Edward Clifford read, and obeyed. Ho twisted the widow's note into a pipe-lighter, and lit his meerschaum as he walked back to the Golden Goose. He had sent a servant for his luggage, and the story was whispered through the town how General Clif ford's heiress and General Clifford's son had quarrelled and parted. Of course, the men and the women took each their own view of the matter. "Served tho beggar right," Colonel Welbridgo said, at the head of the mess-table, " The fellow's .as sour ns the deuce — a sulky, underbred cur ! By George, sir, it speaks ill for the old blood to see it deteriorate in tl'iis manner ! The Cliffords were the bravest soldiers, the most gallant gentlemen, that ever graced battle field or ballroom, and now, look at the last of 'em j". . ; "I wonder. if there's such a thing as witchcraft," a dashing young cap tain said.- " Clifford used to be .one of the bravest -and. best, fellows - that ever led. a. forlorn hope or scaled a breech. By Jove ! lie was idolised in the regiment, and he was the dead shot and 'crack swordsman of the brigade. . When I look at him as - he is, and think of what lie used to be— — " tho captain shrugged his shoulders, and passed the claret. " I always knew how it would end 1'' was the feminine verdict over the post meridian Souchong. "She has got his fortune, and she throws him over, of course. She will be presented at court next season by Lady Grey, and will marry a title and a coronet, without doubt. The girl has no heart, and she has the pride and ambition of the Miltonian Lucifer, or — the ' fierce, fearless Cliffords.' " Edward Clifford passed the period of probation as best he might — smok ing endless cigars, strolling aimlessly about the town, staring moodily out of the windows, and sleeping a good deal. He went nowhere — he had no where to go, irideed, for he was uni versally disliked, and he had the pleasure of seeing his arch enemy, Maclean, sauntering arm-in-arm be neath his casement with Colonel Welbridge and young Lord Loftus, of the Royal Artillery. Monday night came— chill for August, with an overcast sky, and a raw, complaining wind, fresh from the sea. As the late dusk fell Colonel Clifford rattled away from the Golden Goose in a pony car riage, the dark lantern beneath the seat, to keep tryst with the widow. He secured the chaise just without the gates, and walked up to the deer park, amveirug paroiy wiui nervous dread, partly with cold. Physically and' -morally the man was craven to the core ; and the weird shadows oast by the trees, the soughs of the gale in the woodland, the scampering of the red deer and rabbits through the open, made his teeth chatter like an hysterical girl's. . The loud-voiced clock over the stables tolled solemnly 9 as he took his station. " Half an hour to wait," he thought, discontentedly, "and this place is dismal as a churchyard !" Ho struck a lucifer and lit a cigar — man's "best companion " in sorrow, in joy, in shadow- and sunshine. He 'leaned against a vast old oak — a Dryad patriarch- — and smoked, and watched tho clouds scudding wildly across the stormy sky, and tho full diapason of rising wind and sea. "A wild night," the watcher thought ; " the storm will be with us before midnight." What was that ? A shadow flitting along in the cloudy moonlight — a shadow not of deer or rabbit. A thin, cold hand grasped his wrist, and hbld -him in a vice. The man abso lutely cried out, so unexpected was it, so nervous was lie. - . "Faugh !" said a scornful voice— a silvery voice he knew, which yet had a hard, metallic ring ; " don't show the white feather so soon. It is I,' Edward Clifford, and nob a ghost, as I suppose you took me to be. Have you been loner waiting ?" " Half an hour," he said sulkily. "You might have come sooner." " Yes, I might have come at midday if I chose, bub I didn't. Have you the chaise and the dark lantern ?' " Yes — -just outside. What do you want them for ?" 1 " You will want them presently — not I, if your— ahem I — constitutional caution' is nob greater than your love for me, your desire of revenge and riches. Tho chaise is to take you to Mordaunt Priory, and the lantern is to light you on your way to the lost will I" "To Mordaunt Waste, to-night?" "Yes — a terrible ordeal, is it not? You may meet the prior's ghost, awful and grim, and you're sure to he frightened into fits by whole legions of rats and booties. I feel for you really, but unfortunately it is ' nothing vonturo, nothing win.' " She sneered as she looked up in his face. She dospised him thoroughly, as all women, good or bad, are pretty safe to dospiso the most virtuous and most learned of men, if a coward. As we were in the days of which Homer sang, wo will bo to the end of the chapter ; blind adorers of what few of us possess — physical courage and strength, " What is it I am to do 1 " Edward Clifford said, stung by her taunting tone. "If the will is to be found I will find it!" " Spoken like a man. Let mo see you act like orio. Tho will is hidden in tho priory, and" — sho lowored her voico to a thrilling whisper — " tho dead body of General Clifford with it ! " . Graeo Rivers could feel hor lover's convulsivo start and recoil as she held him tight. " Swear | " sho hissed, in his oar, " swear by all you hold dear on earth and sacred in heaven, to keop tho secret I am about to reveal. Swear 1 " She shook him unconsciously in her fierce excitement. " I swear ! " "If you were what you pretend to be — Edward Clifford — I know, of course, it would ho sealing my own doom to tell you tliis.Butyou are notEd ward Clifford, and the dead man is nothing to you. Tho will is. Together we will find it, together we will share his wealth, to gether we will enjoy our revenge. Swear I" "I swear I" " Then listen !' She drew near, slipping her hand through his arm, and speaking in a rapid, hissing whisper. "Blanche Clifford guessed right when she surmised that I knew the secret of Mordaunt Waste. I did not murdor and carry ofl' General Clifford, as I think she half believes I did, but I know what became of him and the will. The will, Edward, that leaves you sole possessor of fifteen thousand a year — that beggars her." " Go on," he said, hoarsely, breath lessly; "only tell me where to find that' will." " Let me tell you the story of that night," the widow said, steadily, " part of it you have already heard ; how Blanche Clifford left me and returned , to her chamber for the second time. She gave mo a rare fright, I promise you — and I am not easily frightened, either — when she appeared before, me, on the threshold, like a ghost, and found me in the very act of stealing the will from under the sick man's pillow. For I was about to steal it. I bated General Clifford's son — never you mind why — and if it lay in .my power he would never inherit his father's wealth. Some prescience told the .old man himself what I was about; he started up in bed, grasped me by the wrist, and cried out, shrilly, I was about to murder him. All this you know, I glossed the thing over to her — tho old man fell back in a stupor. I persuaded Blanche to return to her room,, and I was again alone with the dying seigneur of Mordaunt. " What I intended to do I hardly knew. To have the will I was re solved ; but how to secure it without exciting suspicion was a puzzle. No doubt the master I had served so long, and who had never yet wholly deserted me in the worst emergency, would have popped some plan into my head before morning, had not the old man himself saved me the trouble. It is a marvellous occurrence I am about to tell you, but — though I hate to use hackneyed axioms — ' truth is stranger than fiction,' a great deal stranger, as it turned out in this case. " The sick man could not sleep ; a haunting dread of me seemed to have taken possession of him. He tossed restlessly, muttering to himself. I could catch a phrase incoherently here and thero, and always of me and the will. ' She will murder me,' he said ; I saw it in her eyes — those wild, wicked, black eyes— and she' will take the will. I am afraid of her— it is not safe under my pillow ; and what will Edward say to me when he comes ? Ha- !' he started up in bed, suddenly, ' there is the prior's cell, she will never find it there I' " His eyes were wide open, glassy and staring. I declare to you I thrilled all over with fear as I looked at him. He never saw me, though I stood before him. He flung down the bedclothes, slowly arose and stood before me like a galvanised corpse, in his long nightgown and death-white face. Yes, he arose and stood on his feet in his sleep, that dying man, who could not have lifted himself in bed to save his soul alive in his waking moments. " He took the will out from under- the pillow, walked unsteadily over to the table, and lifted up a candle- burn ing there beside the dim night lamp. Ho made no noise, and if he had Ar- mand'e and Mrs. Safforth slept a great deal too soundly to be disturbed by it. " 'I'll hide it in the prior's cell,' he muttered again ; ' she will never find it there,' " He crossed the room, carrying the candle and the parchment in his left hand, straight to the figure of Eve. You know the 'Adam-and-Eve' room, of course, and all that intricate carving of the oak? About midway between. the figure of Eve and the window there is a cluster of roses, in no way renfark- ablefrom the other carved work of the walls. But in the centre rose of this cluster lies a secret spring, which moves upon the slightest touch. A pressure of this old man's feeble fingers sufficed to set it in motion. A low, narrow doorway slid inward— there was a rush of cold air that extinguished the candle, and a black gulf yawned before me. Whore it led I could not see. He passed through, still holding the extinguished candle — the door slid back, and I was alone in the sick room. Mrs. Safforth slept and snored ; General Clifford and the will had disappeared in the black gulf, and — that is all." Despite her devilish audacity and courage, tho woman's voice shook as sho finished hor terrible recital. For tho man beside her, ho gave a gasping cry of uttor horror. "Good heavens I" he said. "And ho never Came back ?" " Ho never came bnok ?" she said, breathlessly. " No." "And you never told? " " I never told." Edward Clifford convulsively loosened his neoktio, with a strangling feeling at his throat. "It is onough to mako one's hair riso. My heaven 1 What a heart of stono you have, Grace Rivers. I could not have done that." "No, I dare say not," Grace Rivers rotortcd, scornfully. " You don't noed to toll mo how far your courage would carry you. I don't see that I am so much to blame in this matter. It was his own doing; he would have died in a day or two in any case ; I had no hand in the matter. But that is beside our affair. What you are to do is to drive to Mordaunt this very night, seek out the 'Adam-and-Eve' room, find the secret spring, enter, and hear away the will." . . "And face that,. Not for 10,000 wills." " Coward, poltroon, craven cur ! C)h, words are poor and weak to tell my contempt for you. Go, then, white- livered upstart that you are, and die a beggar, a3 you deserve. I shall marry Sir Everard Fernleigh, Blanche Clifford with the noble inheritance that your base cowardice will not let you grasp. Go, and never let me see your, miser able craven face again." The passionate words broke from her in a torrent. She flung him off in hor fury, and turned to go. But he grasped, her arm, and held her fast. " Stay, woman or devil, and do with me as you like. I will go, but you shall go also. From this hour I claim you by one coriipact of guilt. Together, as you said, we will find the will ; and before yonder August moon wanes you shail be my wife. Fiend though you be, your beauty has driven me mad. I am ready to risk anything, to face anything, to secure you and foil them. Come !" He drew her forcibly with him. She could hear tho convulsive clicking of his sot teeth. She never said a word — she drew the long mantle she wore closer around her, and followed him like a lamb. It was an eerie scene — an eerie hour. The moon, angry and red, rent her way up through piles of jagged black cloud, and cast fantastic shadows on the earth. The trees rocked in the roaring gale. There in the long avenue the very "blackness of darkness" reigned. A weird ghostly night for the terrible errand of this man and woman. If Grace Rivers' tmart failed her she was too "plucky " to show it ; and she had goaded the craven beside her into, that reckless madness that stands cowards in good stead, sometimes, for courage. Not a word was spoken, as he hurried her down the avenue and into the chaise. He took his seat beside her, seized the reins, and drove away rapidly towards Mordaunt Waste. "You can find the secret spring?1' he asked, sullenly, after a time. "I can find it — yes." " Do you know where the hidden room leads to ?" "I asked Lady Grey, carelessly, once. She told me that secret pas sages did exist, she believed, in "the manor, and had been used often in the troubled days of the Charlos', to . con ceal fugitives. She know nothing of their whereabouts, however. And during all the search no one thought of that, or of the possibility of the dying man rising from his bed and walking unaided and alone. The great entrance gates will be closed ; you must drive round to the west gate." " And pass the Hermitage, and run the risk of being seen by that cursed Maclean ?" "Wo run more risks than that. There is no alternative. Bv-the-by, when you find the will, as we" shall, of course, you mnst not reveal the fact tor a little while. On the whole, you had best not find it at all — that is, openly. Wo will see some obscure drawer or escritoire, and place it in that ; one of your workmen will stumble accidentally on the spot, guided by you, and he shall bring the will to light. Thus suspicion will he avoided; and there are many very ready to suspect both you and me." " You are a match for the whole of them 1" .Edward Clifford burst out, in irrepressible admiration, " I never saw your equal. What they say of Maria Theresa they ought to say of you — ' The heart of a woman and the intellect of a man.' '' Mrs. Rivers smiled in tho darkness. " ' The heart of a woman,' I hope not. Women with that inconvenient appendage are vory apt to make idiots of themselves, sooner or later. I sup pose I am that terrible modern inno vation, a 'strong-minded woman,' and my wits being my only fortune, I must keep them sharpened. Hist, not a word more. Here is the west gate, and lights burn still in tho windows of the Hermitage. Better have a blood hound on our track than Kenneth Maclean !" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 