DESTRUCTION OF HAYSTACKS. Hammond, October 7. Two haystacke were destroyed at Amyton on Monday night. They were the property of Mr. James Ward, of Georgetown, and were insured in the New Zealand Company. The fire was first seen about midnight. Some neighbours removed a obaffcutter and helped to save another stack, the property of Mr. Larkin. A report was sent to the Hammond police, and about 8 o'clock an officer went to the scene of the fire. Every effort was used to prevent the other stack igniting, but during to-day the high wind scattered the fire, and it was destroyed. This one was uninsured. An inquest will be held on Thursday. The origin of the outbreak has not been ascertained. Professor Sohnabkl.—Our Broken Hill correspondent wired on Sunday that Professor Schnabel is recovering from a severe attack of influenza, and will soon be able to make in vestigations as to the proper treatment of low grade ores. The Babbier Trade.—The Town Clerk of | the Kapunda Corporation sent a communi cation to the Barrier Trade Committee at Port Adelaide calling their attention to the J publio meeting to be held at the Institute Hall, Kapunda, on Monday evening, October 12, for the purpose of obtaining the views of the public as to the necessity of urging the Government to construct a line of railway from the Morgan line to the Barrier. The writer aBked that the committee send representatives to the meeting, so that the subject might receive full consideration. The letter was read before the Councillors of the Port Corporation at the meeting on Thursday even ing, and it was decided that the Mayor (Mr. . C. Tuoker), with as many of the Councillors as could make it convenient, should attend the i meeting as representatives of the Port Com mittee. One meeting has already been held.at . Fort Adelaide to consider the subject, and it was mentioned at the meeting of the Port Cor-. poration on Thursday that another would be held in Adelaide next week for the same purpose. The Bane of Adelaide.—The Directors of the Bank of Adelaide have declared an interim dividend at the rate of 7 per cent, psr annum, payable on November 7. The Late Mrs. E. Virgin.—An old and respected member of tho community has juBt passed away in the person of Mrs. Ellen ! Virgin, who for the past thirty-six years has ' been a resident of Hindtnarsh Valley. The : death of Mrs. Virgin, who had been ailing fpr j some time, will be greatly deplored. Block 14 Directors and the Influenza.— Mr. W. Finlayeon, one of the Directors of the Broken Hill Block 14 Mine, has reoeived a telegram from the Secretary, Mr. Brandon, stating that the influenza epidemic compels the Directors to postpone their visit to the j mine until the 22na inst. Bishop Kexxion.—Dr. Reunion, who was I on his way home from the Anglican Synod at | Sydney, has been laid up in Melbourne by an attack of influenza, from which he is now j recovering. He is expected to return to Ade laide by express train on Tuesday morning J next. Sir Arthur Bltth.—On Thursday the | Premier received a letter from the Agent General (Sir Arthur Blyth), who hod so much I improved in health at the time of writing that he referred to the probability of returning to \ work before the expiry of his leave of absence. Still Another Pest.—It is reported (says j the Melbourne Lealer) that the loco weed ha9 ] found its way to Australia from America. The loco weed is to vegetation what the rattle snake is to animal life. The name comes from the Spanish and signifies insanity. It is a dusky green, and growB in small bunches or bandluls, and scatters itself in a gp.ww and meagre way about the country. It is a sort of vegetable nomad and travels about not a little. Localities where it this season flourishes in abundance may not see any of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years, to come. The prime. property of the loco is to produce insanity in men and animals who", partake of it. Animals—mules, horses, sheep, I and cattle—'avoid it naturally, and under ordinary circumstances never touoh it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered the green grasses, - these green buncheB of loco standmg clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at onoe creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense force to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started on the down ward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a abort time its effects become perfectly apparent. You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless pla'ns, with not a living, moving thine in his vioinity. His head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the instant he will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warlike- way. Under the influence of loco he sees himself surrounded by multitudes of threatening ghosts, and is repelling them. The mind of the animal is completely gone. He cannot be driven or worked because of this utter lack of reason. The Queensland Defence Forces.—With reference to the cablegram announcing that Captain William Kerr McCIintock, of the 2nd Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, has been appointed inspecting officer of the | Queensland Defence Forces, the Courier re marks :—" Evidently there has been some mis take in the transmission of the message. The Government have had no official intimation of any each appointment, bat it is just possible that the gentleman referred to is the officer who has been appointed to suoceed Lieute nant-Colonel Pes Voeux as Instructor in Musketry." I Death op Mb. H. A. Waltit.—It is with eincere regret (says the Mount Barker Courier of October 9) that we reoord the death of Mr. Heinrich Adolph Waldt, of. the Alma Hotel, Lobethal, whioh took place on Wednesday. The deceased gentleman was an upright, honourable man, and wasrespeoted throughout the district, while he was widely known among the German colonists in South Australia and had many warm friends among his own countrymen. He represented the tiobethal Ward in the District Council of Onkaparinga for many years, was an active promoter oE the Lobethal Tweed Factory Company, and was from an early date oonneoted with the German rifle clubs both at Lohethal and Hahndorf. The late Mr. Waldt, who had been ailing for some time, and whose death has taken place ab the age of fifty-six, will be greatly missed by j* large circle of friends and acquaintances. The Shade Mabket. — Holders of silver scrip on Friday morning seemed to be panio stricken, and for reasons best known to themselves, for there was no news warranting a scare. A great many of them seemed anxious to sell. Last Friday Broken Hills touched £8 Is., and it was thought then that they had touched bottom. During the past week prices have jumped about as much as a weather vane on a windy day, and while Hills got up as high as £S 12s. Gd., they have generally kept ab from about £8 3s. 6d. to £8 (is. Again at the end of this week shares have had a temporary drop downwards. The Pro prietary shares opened at £8 Is. at the first meetings of the rooms on Friday, and quickly fell to £7 18s., while Block Tens fell to £13 14s. 63., and SouthB to £3 15s. Gd. As a rule the market in Melbourne is a trifle higher all round than that in Adelaide, but for once in a while Melbourne prioes were 6d. lower on Friday morning, that is for Hills, while other stocks ruled as usual a little better than Ade laide pnees. It was feared by those welt in formed that there would be a further fall in prices at the midday meetings, but, con trary to expectations, prioes remained firm both in Adelaide and Melbourne. Ae a rule it is only the small genuine holders of shares who are selling, most of the business done being in five and ten scrip. Some large speculative dealers, however, are boldly "specking" (selling shares they have not gob in the hope of buying in at lower prioes), and their operations are having Bome influence on the market. During the afternoon there were cheerful buyers of Hilta at £8. Possibly what shares were forced on to the market by timid holders who had advanced money on them had been disposed of, The market main tained a firmer tone throughout the afternoon. The report of Mr, Howell on the proposal to work the mine by open faces above the 209-ft. level and Professor Schnabel's report on the treatment of sulphide ores are now more eagerly waited for than ever. A Suggestion.—A proposal has been made by some Adelaide gentlemen to the Broken Hill Directorate to substitute Portland cement for timber in the big mine. It is stated that all the requisite raw material has been ascer tained to exisb in the neighbourhood of the Hill, and that by the use of cement oonorete an immense saving oaii bo effected as compared with the cost of timber. What is even more important is, it is said, that the risk of creeps is altogether avoided, as a material is sub stituted which has infinitely greater resisting power than the excavated ore which it replaces. Cement concrete would, it is urged, have been, used from the first only that it was nob pre viously known that the requisite ingredients could be inexpensively procured on the spot. The suggestion was on Friday uudec the consideration of the Board in Melbourne. The Commissioner op Crown Lands.—The Hon. W. Copley (Commissioner of Crown Lands) attended at his office on Friday, but. was compelled to leave during the morning. He was attacked by pains in the left side oil Thursday, and on Friday was advised by his doctor to go home to bed. Homesteads League.—The meeting of the executive was Ireld last Wednesday evening,, the President (the Hon. Dr. Cannibal!) > in the chair. Mr. Brooker, M.P., as representative of the League, reported that it was very gratifying to see the large area of what had been scrub land converted into homes of comfort, and ta witness the improved condition and revived spirit of independence displayed by the eighty . to 100 blockers settled at PortBroughton. Mr. Brooker also related. that a strong .branch oE the League had been established at Mount Gambier, where all appeared jubilant at the prospect of having land in that locality avail able for working men's' blooks, It . was announced at the meeting that the Blockers Loan Bill had that day passed in the Legis lative Council without the alterations that the League desired being effected. - The reni of the blooks at Kilkenny was again referred to, and it was stated that the owner of the land alongside was willing to let a few acres on. lease at £1 per acre. It was desired thab Mr. Brooker should ask in the Assembly why the rent of £2 per acre charged to Widow Hughes had not been reduced, while that of other, blockers hod been lowered to £1 5s. It was stated that the land on the Murray above Mannum applied for for working men's blockB, and which application had been sup ported by Mr. Schuetze, J.P., by Mr. Dnsge miiller, and others, was awaiting the Survoyor General'e report. Letter was read from the Secretary of branch at Narraooorte, an nouncing measures for more vigorous pro secution of settlement in that district; also, from Secretary of Branch at Gawler, urging the importance of irrigation for land recently purchased for working men's blocks in that locality. A request from Halbury was received asking that three or four of the leases adver tised as cancelled might be reconsidered by the Government. The question of the prize-list for the Show next February was deferred till next meeting; in the meantime the committee would be glad to'receive suggestions from the blockbolders, which they would as far as possible embody in their arrangements. The executive were awaiting reply of Engineer-in Chief as to Tickera Water Reserve, and further information concerning the settlement in New South Wales known there as "New Italy" was daily expected. 