ORIGINAL POETRY. fcllic. 1\ hes "Rider Hngsard first bollioiijilit A norel by scneiUioit fwuglil, llccbosoonuSli<i" n synui fAiitnl. . For couturicn tivmily tsfiu tmil clintnetl; TlioapJi utm prrlniim to psnttcr No credit M She " tltcrRmi rofli:x, Qmcoii of tlio region nnd the Uw s, Her couiiBel yn.Mt Ihonli unulo of Haws. Sculptured tier tlirone mnid tlio tombn Win-re imimmfim Bpont tlieirHlchlv tnmen, Sileiu«3d lier hIuvch, oiio member less, ' '1 -SpeetliU-M tbrimjjliont nor naHnewj Brnto bonmjfo nlm rcpilred from nil, ' ' Her PubjeclB iu her protciice cr.iivl, Afur or ncur her iiamo u drcud, A sword o'er each defenceless head. The traitress (hut her lover slow, For lovo lio did niintlmr show, . Bat coin bh «wfict Egyptian brido A wm'jravo birth, who on Inn side Stich likntjooi of hi< f itlier l>oro 'Hint " Rho" Jirr lover claimed once mora / '; Jfor Kilfikr.itcs nr.'o ujj.xiu ' And voivc-d hIio too his love obtain. fc , 1 ' Most prnrofully |,<r veil IB drawn '- s x Wrapped Hmb-t na niipplo u a fawn, , Tlio Bwcctofit eye |te>pod fvotu tlio screen, ' 11m most of her th.it nnn hntl htu ; Her iiiovomentH not imliko n ghost. TIuib Job declaim and fours tho mnRt,' , Boor Mentd droulu lifo'u Rliovtoned RXUi By proccBS of tho Ringmg pan. nnn Kilakrates for boAiity famed, ..' His hgly frioml, a gonius claimed. Though beauty, windom licrocotublnp, ... Botli mado to bow ot iH-mtyV Rbrine; . . Tli a twain for your Into friends had reigned . cor lovo of 44 She " wero now «>ntnmge«1. Tim ruitning 44 Sim " her power knew well, - And oor bolioonlliocast her spoil. » 4 Slio " nn is iimm! with her nes Tiot nao«ht Ilia twain bi-rmiud iorplex,. . . Tim lover's Is-nuty w is desired, Tito lojjic of Ins friend admired ; Wiso Baboon, faults his ugly faro, Jn KHahmtes now beauties rare, K'on Riniting of the serving maul Failed admiration to perrade. 44 Sim's " beauty traced by Haggard s pon. Would turn' tho bends of most of num. Yet enshrouded 'noalh that beauty Ihul . A selfish heart, a cruel mind ; \ No pityoithor box obtained, Ono object nulf in all slio framed, I'rodomiimnt in her last dosiio To pa»a tier lover through the fiiv. Yet hard and cruel was her fate, To bo nlirivcllod u|» into on ape, ; ' Hinalt wonder that tho cruel blow Halh'turnod tho Iovl-v's hafr to sua llio fire ho blares a sadder man, Aft, hope a wiser if wo can, Tlio cave that holds that lasting fim _ ,. Holds now her hones with man of hirtv ; - j ' '. .L At outsnt of this grnat.rnnwmttv Where human, round dead mummies daitcc, :( A mystery cacii pace pvnvades - And pcmscrthus himself perinadcs; v.. As on nnd on bo further rends A light will break to help bis needs,. Alas tlio gist 'Us hard to find, <«rcnt 44>Blio"a puzr.lo to tlio miudi ' Headers, find myrtterias totiuraveT,. As Africa's wilds ivitli 44 81iq " thoy tmvet, ' ' .S.L.: Drayton, March, 1891. , ; t/ 