Heard in His Own Defence. " Have I your honor's permission to make statement 1" " Your honor I" cried Lawyer Iiang, springing to his feet—*' your .honor, before you pass on this request, I should like to make a statement myseU." "What is it, Mr. Iiangt" asked the fudge. . " It'a just this," said Mr. lung, with something more than his usual acerbity; "yon. remember, of course, that when this man, Cephas Love, was firstbrought to trial he was without counsel; that he refused to seonre any, and that yon therefore peremptorily appointed me as such. The appointment was oselesB, for the defendant has absolutely and unconditionally refused to say a word to me concerning his case. I wi&h; it to be distinctly understood, however, that this silence of the defendant's has been maintained in the face of my most diligent efforts to break down his reserve, for while i first accepted your honor's injunotion perfunctorily, I ended by becoming deeply interested in what is certainly a unique case—so far as my practice goes. What 1 wish to state with pai tica- Iar stress is, .that I am absolutely and entirely ignorant of the nature' of the: statement vrhioh Mr. Love hais asked permission to make. In fact, sir, all I can cDUiaily claim to know of this man is, that, on the fourteenth of t&is; month of Augnst, 1890, he was found in' the very act of throttling another man to death, at NoL BOB Pine Street in this City and County of Bin Frandsco ; tbat he WBrarrested in ^^ruKtó delitli b} OfficerThomBon; and that iiehasheen con:, £nedih the oityprisoh ever since; Heiśno more a client ot jnine than is your honor, and it would he a gross misuse of terms to style him a' defendant.'" As Sir. Ling eat down, the man referred to as Cephas Xiove ehook hands with him cordially, and repeated his request for a hearing. " It is a rather unusual proceeding—at this stage of the trial," eaid the judge, "for a person in your position to make a statement, hut the whole proceedings in this case have been unusnaL Moreover, J have not the right to deny you. Da you wish your etstement to appear as evidence ?" '•Yes, sir," " l'ake your place in the witness-stand, then, and be ewóm." He repeated the clerk's mumble-jumble of words with slow emphasis, and laid an intonation upon tbe concluding words, "Ss help me -God,"' that gave them a reverential (fleet net often heard in that court-room. Tbe sketch which tbe artist of a morning paper was at this moment making, showed a cinr, neat man, sitting primly with crossed lees snd smoothing out tbe folds of a red- =ilt handkerchief spread over his kneee. His hands, face, and ecalp were of a false ruddiness that was cansed by a network of email veins in the skin, and that was made all the more vivid by the contrast of a fringe of flaxen-white hair end two patchcs of close trimmed whiskers that lay on each cheec like small powder-puCs. His eyes were light- blue and moiet; his lips thin and etraight; and tbe rest of his features ordinary snd inexpressive. He was dressed is a suit of darkgrey clothcs, end looked eomething between an upper servant and small lawyer. Tcere had been even more than tbe nsual in terest felt in tfce case, the conrt-rocm was crowded, and when the prisoner began there was a etrained attention to hear what he had to say, msde all tbe more necessary bec&use; of tbe rather low and rather quick voice in which he spoke. '' My name is correctly given on the documents in the caBe, I believe," he began ; besides which, It has been on the city directory for the past thirty-two years. It is Cephas Clavering Love, although the middle name is very seldom need. I am sixty-three years (it age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn„-ontbe thirteenth of April, 1827\. I came to San Francisco thirty-three years come next Christmas Ere, and for twenty-one years thereafter I was o clerk for the law-firm of Eittridgo and Shaw, as I believe yenr honor well knows. For tbe past twelve years I have been engaged in the law-Btationery department of Messrs. Cocker andCoe. These gentlemen, together with many others, I understand I have a right to summon as witnesses to testify as to my good character, but I shall put none of them to thiB inconvenience—" Proceed, Mr. Love," said the j idge, for witness had stopped and was cervcuslj robbing tbe palms of his smal!, withered hands with hiB handkerchief. " Thank yon, yonr honor," said the old man, "I'm not nsed to making long speeches Alf I need say in any preliminary wey about myself is, that I am a widower, with cne married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia; that I am a member cf Dr. Wall's church ; that I live temperately, drinking but little and smoking less; and that I am a qoist, law-respecting, God- fearirg old man. l'ej I sit here to-day in tbiE court a mcrdersr.'' Tour honor," exclaimed Jfr. Ling, once more springing to his feet, " I muet insist that the witnessbc instructed. Tour honor knows that a plea of hst guilty wsb entered in the court of. examination, and a similar plea has been entered in this court of arsignment. This man is on trial; he has not been convicted, and I call upon your honor to instruct the witness that he must not osesnch terms of self-accusation, as well as to inform the jury that they pay no attention to the .wild words of the witness." "The witness is thoroughly conversant with legal practices, I believe, Mr. Lang," said the judge," and folly appreciates the gravity ol his position and the necessity for' carefully weighing what he has to say. Nevertheless if—" * Urease me, yoor honor," said the old man Love, gently stretching out a somewhat ^haky band toward the judge ; " you need not caution me, yonr honor. I am, as yon <ay, thoroughly aware of the gravity of my »ords—and position. What I say is simply the truth, and the trnth can injure no one. I am a murderer; and I purpose telling the itory of my crime without attempting any palliation,"" - . There was a stir in the «oart-rooin, and a yeiled.woman—tbe mother of the Tictim, it wise eaid—leaned forward in het chair and cobbed,- •'• • .' •• "*'&nrhMprv; 1 cned3Ir. Ł»ng,;j^atn®n rhose i^y^eet of bis ; *' there is an attempt M śeaeatiOh&Hem; here," with a ^vibrating forefinger pointed - in the direction - of the sobbing woman, and be asked that it he stopped." Well,Tiow,"sŁid theprosEcuting attorney with hot isanmsm ; "we must say we like •hat. During the whale of these proceedings we haven't said a blessed word. We've allowed yon to put your man on the witnessstand with all: ihs stage-iifrct you wanted and without a boo; and now, because this poor, bereaved woman—this heart-stricken: mother—£iveo way to her natural-grief : when the horrible crime which robbed her of her darling iś brought to her mind,yóju—. you, sir, who should he the last man to' makes sound.go to babbling abont sensationalism . Why, eir—" " That will do, gjentiemen/'saidthe judge, quietly but firmly, f or Mr. Lang was actually, bounding about in his anxiety to lEake hie retort. . "<io on, sir," he added, .turning-to the defendan^who dnringthedisonsfianliad busied himself folding his -red ixandkerchief into a neat, equere package. .-.-. • • i "Since wojiing for Messrs. Bicker and Coe," Csphas Lovooontin uid, ''Ihaveixsen in the habit of .: walking .to the Etore slcnB J'Jae Street «ach mprmhgfrom-n^hoairdinghouse, atthe Łorner oI Jtokin jana James Streets. Óathe«xłeenth:rfJubelast,'orit might have been Jhtjśerentoehjft^'rl^akiwB that ihiauent. fj^Qalwo snhaojra •iw^^ęfelii^wPięissi. 3 ! were • ^raped marodn^doinea ijstnftjtfiar^ ^p^ą^Mnk: iMMMlfew^jBgwiw ch^d in^rtiij dreams*? , - Describe It, Mr. Love," mid the atnme/ Ling. * " loan not," said the witness, putting out both hands in a gesture ol repulsion that wss strangely energetic In a man seemingly bo placid and undemonstrative; " it WaB more of a mask than a face. Wot one of Hie those grotesque masks, you understand, but one of otter vacuity—a blank, sn emptiness, a eoulless nothing. The eyes were big, wide open, with the white showing all around the pupil between the fixed lids. The cheeks pate and flabby, the nose * line, and the month half open, with the lover lip dropping.". \ Hare a strange thing happened, lorwhae tbe priBoner described the faoe, his own took on that ot the creature he was delineating, tutfl in the place of the little old geritleman of semi-clerical aspect there appeared the doddling head of a mowing idiot. The rea handkerchief bad been enatched up from where it lay smoothly folded over on hie knee, and was now grasped in both hands like a ball- - "I could only see Lis face," said Love, dropping back, eo to speak, to himself, " because he brought the curtains clos9 up about his neck, like a garment—like a dreesinggewn. After I had mo^sd on a few paces,'! tnrned around,forso strange was the impreseion pródneed on me that .1 oan liken it to little less than fascination .Tfce fsce had not moved, Łat the grest staring eyes were ctill fired on me as. the eyes of a portrait done in oil-painting always eeem to 'be, no matter where the obosrver may move. More than onou duringthBday lfound myself thinking , of this vaoanr. fatoons face, and then toward Hhejatteraoon I managed to dismiss it with )he resblption that it nndouhtedly belpnged io some poor,' nnfortohate. being, whose friends preferred to take private charge of him rather than send him to an asylum,and that his presence at the window was due to thetemporary absence oftbose whose duty it was to Irak after bun. But with all this oommoB-scnse view ot the matter, I found myself stupidly excited and nervous as I drew near the house nrxt morning. Well, sir—1 mean, yonr honor—the fellow must- have been watching for me, for as I came opposite the windows again, a thin, white hand parted tbe curtains and the vacant face was turned once more cpon me. This time, 1 thought that the eyes, though fixed and wide open, had tbe light tf a nasty smile in them and that the drooping lowsr lip was shot out in a grimace of contempt. I had a stont walking-cane in my hand," said the witness, jumping up, " and I threatened the fellow with it in this way." Here he shook ont ths red-silk handkerchief and waved it rapidly toward tbe jury-box as though it were a danger signal. One of the jurymen drew back, with a nervous start, and the judge looked curiooBly at tbe defendant- witness. "Control youreelf, Mr. Love," stud he, "and tell your story as calmly ae possible." " I will,your honor,"he replied,with meek' ness and an instant change of demeanor, although it was noticed that great beads of perspiration bed broken ont on his forehead, and that, now and then, these merged themselves one in the other and then ran trickling down his face like an overcharged rain-drop on a widow-pane. " For two or three days I changed my way to tbe office," he continued, " and took another street, so at to escape the Eight of th e oppressive face. It was a useless precaution, however, for what had been a dayhorror now became a night-mare. For the fleet time in my life, I bccame the victim of insomniB. The horrible blank features covered the walls like a patterned paper ; they were as visible in the darkness as in the light; they kept my eyes open and stared into them; and tbey covered me like waves rolling over my bed. The void, meaningless fsoe was with me in a hundred fantastio and distressing shapes, and I felt that I oould have strangled tbe beast of a possessor had he come within my grasp." The little duo's voice rose into a screech, the dull blue eyes flashed like a moving mirror, and his óhest heaved, while he twisted the red-silk--'handkerchief into scarlet rope. _ . . "' Oa the moraing of the third sleepless night," he Wint no, sinking hu voice into a a hoarse whisper, while tbe crowd in the court-room leaned .forward as one man to hear what was being said—"on the third morning. 1 got op and determined to put an end to it all, I took cnt a razor, threw back my collar, in this way, and was going to'ent my throat, when the idea entered my head that I would firstgo and sqaeezs the lite out cf my tormenting devil, and then come back and make away with myself. Dressing bcrriedlyjrandosmat&srsandinta; the street. I was in front ot No. 853, lie a fissb ot double-greased lightning. Quick ss I was ths mentions villain was just as quiok. Back went the curtains, as though j.-rked by red Zuniel hi it self j and oat shot tbe face—a Bcarecrow that would frighten the very bluebirds of heaven. No doubt' abont if, the ghost-like thing wras mocking me nowmocking my misery, mocking poor old me, who had been cursed by it for forty million years, i don't know what I said. Call them black, bad words. All the blood rushed to my head, until my ears rang like the seven bells of Kingdom come. With a one, two, three, I was inthe house; and with fi four, five, six, I was squeezing his wind-pipe—like this." Iijok out; judge 1". yelled Mr. Lang, while a cry of honor rose from - the The judge had been gently swinging him sels aronnd in & quarter-circle on tus chair, looking keenly now at the curidns witness, and now inquiringly at the prosecuting attorney. As he swung round the last time, the prisoner leaped ost from his place, as though moved by a steel spring, and flung himself opon the judge like a oat. The ebock threw the judge out of the choir, and bsth went down together. There were snarls and screams fromhehindtbe desk, and when the bailiff reached him had-wound the handkerchief aronnd the judge's ceck and was tugging At it liko a demon.- A dozen other rescuers were on hand the next minute, but it took nearly the whole of their misdirected strength to tear away the shrieking, frothing mcni&c; and carry him-down- stairs to the safer accotńmodatiun ot the tank's.".-.:-' ing ąta small tillage in Perthshire. - Jaegave ijbrtratiSffilsrffii lettehJto jhe;sent local post-.C'fBce'to beóalled for, Oi the first dayiitMBirrivalthe Archbishop went down to the general shop which also did doty lor for the post-office, andasked: ' ' ' " Are"thEreftnyletters forlhs Archbishop otG&nterbcry; To this the storekeeper, without actually replying to the qnestion.aaid: "Maybe yonMlhe thatpurreenyereel'?' Well," eaid tlie Archbishop, "as a matter offaot, lam," > " Weel," continued the good man," I have a son, and he is in a eho^ in London, and he told me that heaince gaed to St. r-iul'a C&ibcdral; to hear ye prep.cb, and he was vena weel sstiEfied wi 1 ye," , The Correlation thai *.jor a long time wąs supposedto exist hetwefen the number of "annular " ringslformed in :the trnbk and theage of tbe tteehaB bten reluted on the beat Of evidenee. M. Charency, th'e French explnrer who viaited tha ruins of PJerqne, .. Uexipo,iu 1839, yandfj^aininaBSSfaria thereforeatpn jaterisl »t ji2je»Ts,A)nnfl ihstjthe trees that had been cut jby him in the less ttan an quarter tif a óahłury grown new trunks which exhibiteS no iKs.rfh^^O 'el łheEesb-called ' imjde by M J5onaenBrd.Itwould appear łhit 1 Vlfshitfti are- uraallyjcnBhjnareadevdbped: thaii the romainder.whiiSi appeartojoorras- Pifaent.YsuaiT^^hy, sowjhat 