! J ON OATEOHI81NG. . .".! ! The Diocesan Magazine furnishes froni the; -pen of Dir. Maolagan, Bishop of Lichfield, the: following verj practical and nsefal sugges-L; itions relating tq, the catechetical instruction; jof ohildren, and also to the , wisdom pf a oon- : nected coarse of sermons .illustrative of the Ohqrph'B teaohihg ' being : : delivered by the; clergy throughout the" Gnuroh's year :-r" We' cannot be blind to the faot that our children/ to a large' extent, grow np without that definite hold upon Divine truth which onvl aloqe give : them strength to 6tand fast, against ( the" temptation of The world; 'the flesh and the. devil, : They have received muoh1 good seed,' but they!' have! no root in theinselveB, and hence in temptation they fall away. It- would be a ead revelation to us if God were' to permit us to Bee, as in a glass, the future| which lies before each of those little ones whose bright and happy fapes look np to as. from the benches of the Sunday Sohool class. ' Bui the painfull experience of every parish' , priest reveals these issues, at least in some1 ( measure, only when it is- too late ; the grow-' ing carelessness about' holy things', the easy' i drifting ade, into .paths at error, theTfor- ! sakin' of ,G6d's;i house,7- the )£ orgetting \'His commandments, the yielding to sin,! the final lapse into praoticaT'ufib'elief and godlessnessif There is no doubtj muoh of This which no!- teaching wonld prevent and no care would) avert ; but 1 cannot help believing that ih a' large degree it ariseB from the want of more; definite and. practical and continuous teaoh- (ing, such as would be provided by weekly1 : catechising. Aud as regards the future life , of the ohildren, .another blessiof the great-, est value wonld flow from the sameahurcei' They -would be brought into cloBer contact with their parish ' priest, sind it wonld 'be strange if in this continnal interoourse with ! him, Sunday after Sunday, they did not learn to Took npon him and to trust bim as their friend.' How much more readily would they then respond to his invitation, ( when he balls; them to come to him that they may be pre pared for confirmation. How muoh more I easily would tfihy seek his counsel in the;, hour of. .temptation, or difficulty or doubt. ' Asvit :iB," no doubt, a Targe number 'of the clergy ar Been in the Sunday-school for a few moments on the Lord's Day, when thby 1 open the sohool with prayer, or make inquiry from the superintendent as to the work;;or greet hereand there an individual teacher, or' say a Wo'rd Af encouragotuentor roproof to: the ohildren at large, or to .'one' or twp;in; detail ; but it is 'to be feared that very -feW; of the clergy oan find time aipidst their press ing duties to give much personal instruction to the children in their Sunday-sohools, "I fear, alas! that there are a.fqw parishes, fl trust very few, where the,' parish priest is' : never -seen at all in his Sunday-school, or very' rarely, and where h'e 'fs practioally a stranger ' to the lambs of his flock and they to him. ' " What, then, I should greatly deBire, and; for this I earnestly pray, is that throughout' the diocese., during the coming autiimb and! winter, theire should hie a great revival of public catechising ; that it should be begun in parishes where it has hitherto been in. abeyance ; that it should be. made weekly"; where it has been only, iponthly or ocoasional;,1 and, that in those happy .parishes, where thip" rale of the 'Ohuroh is already observed, an5, earnest effort should be . made . to ren'der it as effioient and in all ways perfeot as qirotim- ' stances will allow. I,oahuiotdojqbt that dnder. each a course of action a great impetus wouldt be given to the spiritual life of the young in1 the diooese, and that our Blessed Master, as' He looks down npon ns at our work, will"' rejoice with us, as He sees His little ones( ripening and strengthening, nnder thiB holy, instruction and, discipline, to bring forth fruit' unto holiness/ and to adorn the dootrine'of, God our Saviour. , ' : ?--'a " But, I would further earnestly desire that; this Baine definiteness and thoroughness should specially characterise all our teaching in the months that now lie before us. I have' more than once, in former years, suggested to' you the very great advantage whioh our con-: gregations would derive from more systematic! teaohing in our pulpits. Were we not accus-;1 tomed to the prevailing state of things 'it; wonld be almost incredible that preaoBers, entrusted with the delightful but most . diffi cult duty of declaring to their people ' all the' counsel of God,' the mysteries of Hib love' and truth, should think of doing so in the' desultory and fragmentary way which, for the most part, characterises our pulpit ministrations. In some cases, no donbt, the1 sermons are excellent, but each one standBby' itself. The truth which it teaches, the duty' it enforces, has no immediate relation either to what goes before or what follows. The | peoplq,vit.may -be, are, interested or delighted,; 1 but They .are; not .edified, they . are not J. being rodtefi and continuously built up in Him ' — Who is alike the Root and the Rook, and !' established in the Faith,- according to the. ; precept of S. Paul. , "In the many letters whioh from time,, to, time I have addressed 10 you, I have more; than once suggested the great value of a care ful course of continuous, teachiug in our sermons throughout, at least a considerable portion of the Christian year. The eeaspn on. \- which we are now entering affords an admir able opportunity for entering upon such a, (course. No doubt a great variety is possible in the eoleotiop -qqd arrangement of; subjects for suoh a .purpose, , but perhapa one of the most .pbvious would be of this kind. We might :i)egin at ' the Beginning,' with , the Being 'and Nature of God, the Trinity in ; Unity treating the subjeotB more or less fully (or simply, aooordingto the capaoity of the > psrieiuoners. From this we should naturally, proceed a to the Revelation of God in His works an, 4 in Hib Word, subjects : of epeoiaj; iqtsrest and importance in these daye, when, on the one hand the discoveries of soienoe are. unfolding to us not only the mysteries, but. the heauties of the, nataral world ; and on. the. other, hand the searching fires of criticism are trying and testing the Holy Soriptores,; wjth this, most certain result, that .their price- lejBB value may be more surely .established and more clearly perceived. Thne as Advent approached, we should be .prepared;. to deal with the enbjeot of the crowning,. Revelation; in) the face of Jesus Christ ' the Incarnation of our Blessed Lord. ..This would, of coarse inolade the long preparation of. Prophet and Psalmist, by type and sacrifice, and would reach a climax in our teaching at Christmaetide. From this point the whole range of Christian, teaching would be open to. us, bnt it would naturally group itself -;ronnd the .Person of Christ, and we should do well to associate It with His earthly life, ; gather-! ing np with care and with, systematic order the lessons of His infancy and His boyhood, of His baptism and' temptation, His words and His. works, till our teaching should find its second olimax, if we may bo speak, in the events of the Holy Week, the, Grose and the Paeeion, the. Death and the Burial, all con- ; summated and crowned in the JEteeurreotion from the dead. ' We should .naturally pass from our EaBter lessons to consider the ' lively hope ' to whioh we are 1 begotten again, of an inheritance incorruptible and nndefiled and that fadeth not away bat still keeping olose to our Lord Himeelf, we -should strive to - catoh the glimpses of His presence and the echo of His words during the mysterious Forty Days till we stand with' Him on the Monnt of the Ascension, and witness as:it were the closing act in the earthly life of onr Lord and; Savionr ; encouraging our people to more faithful and joyfnl observance of that glorious festival of the Church. Bogationtide would give a precious opportunity for. helpful teaching about prayer and penitenoe ; and through.the days of patient waiting, the ' Expectation week ' which followed the Ascension, the Promise of the Comforter wqpld be. the most fitting subject to prepare ns for the celebration -of Hie .coming, upon Whitsnn Day. At this holy season we should find our opportunity for considering the Person and Office of the HolyGhost, and His ipd welling Presence in the Chnroh, the Body of-iChrist, as we had already eoneidered the Person and the Work both of the Father and of'the Son. And thus on Trinity Sunday, the gfeat festival .of God Himself, we should sing wth heart and . voice our great doxology, worshipping one God in Trinity and the Trinity , in Unity, and giving glory to . the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.; ,i_ v" Suoh is a rapid sketch of a course of teaching whioh might occupy us from the present. time, on to the last, and in one sense the greatest, of the festivals of the Christian year; leaving the remainder of the year for instruction, manifold but etill systematic, on the; privileges, the duties and the dangers of the , Christian life. I need soaroely remind JOUithati a wealth of material is ready to onr and! in these dayB to assist ns in preparing forjenoh a work as that which I am urging noniyou. What a blessing, above all priae, might come, not only uto oar flocks but to ourselves; from even one year of each preaching as this ; and yet, as'year after year oame round, we should find the same material ever, fresh and ever new, and capable of presentation under endless; aspects, for . the! feeding of the flook of God. May onr dear Lord Himself direot as by His Holy Spirit in; thisjand all onr ways, to the glory of God and for .the good of Hie people oommitted to onr charge." v 'i 