TÍEEÍ NQYEMST., ' 7" .... j . The! T^rl^ (BY H.IBIDEB HAGGARD AND ANDREW LANG:) ^ 5 ? - \- Helenarn vero inimortalem.fuisse ïndicat tempus. . '., . SEBVIÜS. MintiD.il:;-601. - -"'y ( '. BOOK H.. '. C :» ' GHA.PTER X.-(CONTINUKD.-) . * - V So for awhile they spoke, and Meriarhun;. ' knowing all, wondered much attho guile of tho Wanderer, but she showed no wonder" in her face. At length ho rose, andbowing . before her, said that lie must visit the guard that watched the palace gates. She looked upon him strangely and bade him go. . Then IIG went, and right glad ho was thus to be free of her. . But when the curtains liad swung be- - hind him, Meriamun the Queen sprang to her feet, and a dreadful light of daring . , burned in her eyes. She clapped her hands, and-bade thone who carne to her seek their rest, us she would also, for she was weary and needed none to wait upon, her. So the women went, leaving her alone, and she passed into her sleeping . chamber. "Now must the bride deck herself for the bridal," she said, and straightway, . pausing not, drew forth the Ancient Evil* from its hiding-place, and warmed it on her breast, breathing- the. breath of life into its nostrils. Now.ua before, it grew and wound itself about her, and whispered . in her ear, bidding lier clothe herself, in * bridal white and clasp the Evil around her; then think on the beauty she had seen gather on the face of dead Hataska in the temple of Osiris, and on - the face of the Bai, and the face of the Ka. She did its command, fearing nothing, for her heart was: alight with love, and torn with jealous hate, and little did she reek pf tho sorrows, which her sin should bring forth. So she bathed herself in per fumes, shook out her shining hair, and clad herself in white attire. Then she looked upon her beauty in the mirror of silver, and cried in tho bitterness of her heart to the Evil that lay beside her like a snake asleep. : " Ah, am I not fair enow to win him whom I love? Saj-, thou Evil, must I v.-* indeed steal the beauty of another to win him whom I love ?,r " i "This must thou do," said the Evil, "or j lose him in Helen's arms. For though ¡ thou art fair, yet site is Beauty's selfr and j her gentleness he loves, and not thy pride. ^Choose, choose swiftly, for presently the. Wanderer goes forth to win the Golden -Helen." ! Then she doubted no more^but lifting. ¡the shining Evil held it to her. With a. dreadful laugh it twined itself about ber, and lo ! it shrank to the shape of a girdling, double-headed snake of gold, with eyes of ruby flame. Add as it shrank Meriamun the Queen thought on.the beauty she had seen upon the face of dead Hataska, on the face of the Bai, and the face of the Ka, and all the while she watched her beauty in the mirror. And as she watched, behold her face grèw as the. face of death, ashen and hollow, then slowly burned into life again-but all her ' loveliness was changed. Changed were her dark locks to : locks of gold, changed were her deep ey es to eyes of blue, chanced was the glory of lier, pride to the' sweetness of the'Helen's smile. Fairest among women had beeni her form, now it was fairer yet,, and now 1-now she was Beauty's self,, and like to> . swoon at the dream pf ? her own loveliness.. " So, ah so, must the Hathpr seem," she said, and lo ! her voice rang strangely ia . - her ears. For the voice, too, was Ghangedr" it was more soft than, the whispering of " wind-stirred reeds ; it was more sweet thara ; the murmuring of bees at noon. i, . 1 Now she must go forth, and» fearful1 at her own loveliness,, and heavy- with-h ès' sin, yet glad with a strange joy, sue passes from her chamber and glides like 'a star beam through the still- halls of her palace. 'Theiiwhite -light of the moon: creápB^into > them- and falls upon the faces of the*dread ful gods, on tho. awful smilé of sphinxes, and .the pictures of.: her, forefathers, kings and.queens who long,;were: dead. And.as : she goes ¿he seems- to >hear them whisper each to ea,ch"of ^"theMleadful sin that she has sinned, and of the sorrow that shall ? be. But she does not heed, and never slays her foot. | For her heart is" alight as with a flame, and-'she will «wiri the Wanderer to iher arms-f-the" Wanderer sought through' many lives, found af ter many deaths* -, . Now . the .Wanderer, ia >in . his f chamber,i ...aiting for the hour to aet forth , to And tho Golden.,Helen. His heart is alight, .uta strange dreams of the past go before iia eyes^ and strange visions of long-love tobe- -His-heart" burns like a lamp in the blackness* aud by that light ho sees all the days of his life that have been, and all the wars that he has won, and ali tho seas that Jie has sailed. And now be knows that these things are dreams indeed, illusions of the outer sonso, for there is but one thing true in the life of men, and that is jove; there is but one thing perfect, the beauty which is love's robe ; there is but one thing which all men seek and ate born to find at last, the heart of the Golden Helen, thé World's Desire, that is peace and joy and rest. : He binds bis armor on him, for foes may lurk in darkness, ' and takes the Bow of Eurytus, and the grey bolts of death . for, perchance,, the fight is not yet done, and he mast cleave his way to joy. Then he combs his looks, and sets the golden helm upon them, and, praying to tho Gods (ah 1 the Gods are deaf), passes from his cham ber. Now the chamber opened into a great liall of pillars. As was his custom when ho went alone by night, the "Wanderer glanced warily down the dusky hall j but little might he see, because of the shadows. Nevertheless, the moonlight poured into the centre bf the hall from the clerestories in tbe roof, and lay there shining white as Water beneath black banks of reeds. Again the Wanderer glanced with keen, quick eyes, for there was a sense in his heart that he was no more alone in ï-the hall, though whether it were i man or ghost, or, per-, chance, brie of the immortal Gods who looked on him, he might not tell. Now it seemed to him that he saw a shape of white moving far away in the shadow. Then be grasped the black bow and laid hand upon his quiver so that the shafts rattled. Now it would seem that the shape in the shadow heard the rattling of tho shafts, or j perchance it was the moonlight gleam upon the "Wanderer's golden harness-at the least, it drew near till it came to the edge of the pool of light. There it paused as .a bather pauses ere she steps into the fountain. The Wanderer paused also, wondering what the shape might be. Half waa he minded to try it with an arrow from the bow, but he hold his hand and watched. And as he watched, the white shape glided into the space of moonlight, and he -saw that it was the form of a woman "draped in white, and that about her shone a gleaming girdle, and in the girdle gems which sparkled like the eyes of a snake. Till was the shape and lovely as a statue pf Aphrodite } but who or what it was he might not tell, for the head was bent and the,face hidden. Awhile the shape stood thus, and as it ítoód, the Wanderer, drawn by wonder passed towards it, till he also stood in the ¡pool of moonlight that shimmered on his golden mail. Then suddenly the shape lifted its face so that the light fell full on it, and stretched out his arms towards tim, and lol the face was the face of Argive Helen-of her whom he went forth to seek. He looked upon its beauty, he looked upon the eyes of blue, upon the golden hair, upon the shining arms; then slowly, very slowly, and in silence-for he could find ? no wordB--the Wanderer drew near. She did not move nor speak. So still she stood that scarce she seemed to breathe. Only the shining eyes of her snake-girdle jittered like living things. Again he 'topped fearfully, for he held that this was '¡rely a mocking ghost which stood he re him, but still she neither moved nor 'ipoke. Then at length he found his tongue and spoke Lady," he whispered, " is it indeed thou, is it Argive Helen whom I look upon, lr :^a it» .perchance, a ghost sent,.by Queen Persephone from the House of Hades to ?make, a mock of me?" ' Now the voice of Helen answered him in sweet tones and low : : ; u Did I not tell thee, Odysseus^ Ithaca, lid L not tell thee, yesterday, ianthe halls )f Hathor, after thou hadst overcome the Jobsts, that to-night we should he wed? Wherefore, then, dost thou deem me of the cumber of the bodiless ?" The Wanderer hearkened. The voice was the voice of Helen, the eyes'were the eyes of Helen, and yet his heart feared guile. : " So did Argive Helen tell me of a truth, Lady,. .but this she said,, that Í should find her by the pylon of the temple, and lead her thence to be my bride. Thither I go but now to seek her. .Rut if thou art Helen, how comest thou to these Palace halls? And where, Lady, is that Red Star which should gleam upon thy breast, that Star which weeps out the blood of men ?" " No more doth tho red dew fall from tho Star that was set upon my breast, Odysseus, for now that thou hast won me : mon die no more for my beauty's sake. Oone is tho Star of War ; and seo, Wisdom rings me round, the symbol of the Death less Snake that signifies love eternal. Thou dost ask how I came hither, I, who am immortal and a daughter of God ? Seek not to know, Odysseus, for whore Fate puts it in my mind to be, there do the Gods bear rae. Wouldst thou, then, that I leave thee, Odysseus ?" I " Last of all things do I desire this," he answered, for now his wisdom went a wan dering ; now he forgot the word* pf Aphro dite, warning him that the Helen might be known by one thing only, the Red Star on her breast, whence falls the blood of men ; and he no more doubted but that she was the Golden Helen. Then she who wore the Helen's shape stretched out her arms and smiled so sweetly that tho Wanderer knew nothing auj- more, save that" she drew him to her. Slowly she glided before him, ever smiling, and where she went he followed, as mon follow beauty in a dream. She led him through halls and corridors, past the sculptured statues of the gods, past man headed sphinxes, and pictures of'long dead kings. And us sho goes, once more it seems to her that she "hears them, whisper each to each of tho- horror of her sin and the sor row that shall be. But nought she heeds who ever loads him. on, and nought he hoars who ever follows af ter, till at length, j though he knows it not, they stand in the bed-chamber of the Queen, aud by Pha raoh's golden bed. Then once more she speaks- , " Odysseus of Ithaca, whom I have loved 1 from the beginning, and whom I shall love till all deaths are done, before thee stands that Loveliness which thp Gods predestined to thy arms. Now take thou thy Bride ; but first lay thy hand upon this golden Snake, that rings me round, the new bridal gift of the Gods, and swear thy marriage oath, which may not be broken. Swear thus, Odysseus : 'I love thee, Woman or Immortal, and tliee alone, and by whatever name thou art called, and in whatever shape thou goest, to thee «viii I cleave, and to thee alone, till the day of the passing of Time. I will forgive thy sins, I will soothe thy sorrows, I will suffer none to come betwixt thee and me. Tnis I swear to thee, woman or immortal, who dost stand before me. I swear it to thee, Woman, for now and for ever, for here and hereafter, in whatever shape thou goest on the earth, by whatever name thou art known among men.' " Swear thou thus, Odysseus of Ithaca, Laertes's son¿: or leave me and go thy ways 1" ** Great is the oath," quoth the Wanderer ; for though now he feared no guile, yet his crafty heurt liked it ill. "Choose, and choose swiftly," she an swered. " Swear the truth, or leave me and never see me more 1" «* Leave thee I will not, and cannot if I would," he said. " Lady, I swear !" And he laid his hand upon the Snake that ringed round her, and swore the dread ful oath. Yea, he forgot the words of the Goddess, and the words of Fielen, and he swore by the Snake who should have sworn by the Star. By the immortal Gods he swore it, by the Symbol of the Snake, and by the Beauty of his Bride. And as he swore the eyes of the Serpent sparkled, and the eyes of her who wore the beauty of Helen shone, and faintly the black bow of Eurytus thrilled, foreboding Death and War. But nought the Wanderer thought on guile or War or Death, for the kiss of her whom he deemed the Golden Helen was on his lips, and he went up into the golden '.bed of Meriamun. For he had forgotten the words of the -Goddess--he had sworn by the Snake, who .should have sworn by the Star. CHAPTER .XL-THE WAKING OF THE WANDERER. Now Rei tho Priest, as had been, ap pointed, went^to the Pylon Gate of. the Temple of Hathor. , Awhile he stood look ing for the Wanderer, hu^ thojiigh the. hour had come the Wanderer came not.! Thea, the priest went to the Pylon^ and, stood in ¡ the shadow of the gate. As he stood there ! a wicket in the gate opened, and there I passed out a veiled figure of a woman, upon whose breast burned a red jewel that shone in tho night like a star. The woman I waited awhile looking down the moonlit : road between the black rows pf sphinxes, j but the road lay white and empty, and she turned and hid herself in the shadow of the Pylon, whore liol could see nothing of her except the rod. star that gleamed upon her breast. Now a great fear came upon the old man, for be knew that he looked upon the strange and deadly Hathox*. Perchance hu, too, would perish like the rest who had looked on her to their ruin. He thought of flight, but he did not dare to fly. Then he, too, stared down the road, seeking for tho Wanderer ; but no shadow crossed the moonlight. Thus things went fora while, and still the Hathor stood silent^ in the shadow, and still the blood-red star shone upon her breast. And so it came to pass that the World's Desire must wait at the tryst like some forsaken village maid. While Rei, the Priest, crouched thus against the Pylon wall, praying for the coming of him who came not, suddenly a voice spoke to him in tones sweeter than a lute. " Who art thou that hidetst in the shadow ?'' said the voice. He knew that it was the Hathor who spoke, and sa afraid was he that he could not answer. Then the voice spoke again " Oh, thou most, crafty of men, why doth it please thee to come hither, to.seek me in the guise pf an aged priest. Once, Odysseus, I saw tb,ee in a beggar's weeds, and knew thee in thèr midst of thy foes. Shall I noti know thee again in peace beneath thylfoVded garb .and thy robes of white ?*' Rei heard and? knew that he could hide himself no longer. Therefore he came forward trembling, and knelt before her, saying " Oh, mighty Queen, I am not that man whom thou didst name, nor am I hid in any wrappings of disguise. Nay, I do avow myself to be named Rei, the Chief Archi tect of Pharaoh, the Commander of the Legion of Amen, the Chiof of the Treasury of Amen, and a man of repute in this land of Khem. Now, if indeed thou art the Goddess of this Temple, as I judge by that red jewel which burns upon thy breast, I pray thee be merciful to thy servant and smite me not with thy wrath, for not by my own will am I here, but by the com mand of that hero whom thou hast named, and for whose coming I await. Be merci ful therefore and hold thy hand." ' ** Fear not thou, Rei," said the sweet I voice. " Little am I minded to harm thee, j or any man, for though many men have gone down the path of darkness because of me, who am a doom to men, not by my will has it been, but by the will of the immortal Gods, who use me to their ends, Rise thou, Rei, and tell me why thou art come hither, and where is he whom I have named?" Then Rei rose, and looking up < saw the light of the Helen's eyes shining; on him through her veil. But there was no anger in them, they shone mildly as stars in an evening sky, and his heart was comforted. " I know not where the Wanderer is, oh, thou immortal," he said. " This I know only, that he bade me meet him hort at one hour before midnight, and so J came." " Perchance he too will come anon," said the sweet voice ; " but why did he, whom thou namest the Wanderer, bid thee meet him here r " " For this reason, oh Hathor. He told me that this night he should be wed tc thee, and was minded thereafter to fly from Khem with thee. Therefore, he bade me come, who am a friend to him, to talk with thee and him as to how thy flight should go, and yet he comes not." Now, as Rei spake, he turned his face upward, and the Golden Helen looked upon it. " Hearken, Rei," she said, " but yester day, after I had stood upon the Pylon tower as tho gods decreed, and Bang tc those who were ripe to die, I wenl to my shrine and wove my web, while the doomed men fell beneath tht swords of them who were set to guard my .beauty, but who now are gone. And as 1 wove one passed the ghosts, and rent th( web and stood before me. It was he whoa I await to-night, and after awhile I knew him for Odysseus, of. ItJiaca-^-OdyBsous Laertes-: Bon. But aa I looked on him ami spake wita, him, behold ^ I ; saw;, a spirit watching1 TÍSV thoiigti'h^niight"'noit dee'it, a spirit whos^e face.I knew not, for no such man have I'known in my life days. Know then, :R^i;^thA^%hd;?à%é'(oï . the spirit was. thy face,'and 'its: rob'es tfijrobes." ? :: Then once [more, Rei trembled in ;biB ; fear. - > . ' --^ ? ; ?> ?.? - . " Now,, Rei, I bid- thee tell me, and ' . speak the truth',, lest .evil come on thee, not nt ray hands, indeed, for I would harm ; , none, but at ,the hands of those immortals who are akin to me. What did thy spirit yonder, in my sacred shrine ? " How didst ' thou dare to enter and look upon my beauty ; and hearken to m 3* words?'' " Oh, great Queen," said Rei, " I will tell thee the truth, and I pray thee let not the wrath of the Gods fall upon me. Not of my own will did my spirit enter into thy Holy Place, nor do I know ought'of what it saw therein, seeing that no memory of it remains in me. Nay, it was sent by her whom I serve, who is the mis tress of all magic, and to her it made , report, and what it said I know not." " And whom dost thou serve, Rei? And why did she send thy spirit forth to-Bpy on me ?" 1 " I serve Meriamun, the Queen,;and she sent my spirit forth to learn what befel the Wanderer rwhën he wentup agairistthe ghostB." t . Vv| ?. "And yet he said naught to mis of this Meriamun, Say, Rei, is she fair?v' " Of all women who' live upon the earth she is the very fairest." ! "Of all, sayest thou, Rei ? Look now, and say if Meriamun, whom thou dost, serve, is fairer than Argive Helen, whom thou dost name the Hathor ;" ¿ind she: lifted her voil so that he saw the face that was beneath, j Now when v he heard that name, and looked upon the glory of her who is beauty's self, Rei shrank back till he went nigh tb falling on the earth. "Nay," he said, covering his eyes with his hand, " nay, thou art fairer than she." "Then tell me," she said, letting fall her veil again, " and for thine own sake tell me true-- why should Meriamun, the Queen, whom thou servest, know the fate of him who came up against the ghosts?" "Wouldst thou know, daughter of Amen ?" answered Rei, " then I will tell thee; for through thee alone she whom I. serve and love can ba saved from shame* Meriamuii do^h' also love the man w_hom. thou wouldst wed." ' Now when the Golden Helen heard these words she pressed ; her hand against her bosom. \--" So J feared,'?- she said, " even so. She loves him, and he comes not. Ah, if it be so 1 Now,.Rei,-I am . tempted.to pay this ... Queen of thine in her own craft, and send thy spirit forth to spy on her;1 Nay* that I will not do,'for never shall Helen work by shameful guile, or magic. Nay. but we wiU hence, Rei-we will to the < palace where m3' rival dwells, there to learn the - truth. Fear not,-I will luring no ill on - ' , thee, nor p#. ' her whom thou servest,. ; Lead me td the palace, Rei, Lead mé J- - swiftly." ,; Now the Wanderer ale.pt, oh the arms of Merjanjun, who wore, tba. shape of. Argiver H elorí.. lelia» golden Jiartxess was piled by the golden., ¡bed, »nd by the bed stood the . black bo w'of -Eurytus. Tho "night drew on towards the dawning when.of a- sudden . the Bow. awoke and sung, and thus it sang- ' . . Wake ! wake ! though the arms of thy Love aro about thee, yet dearer by far Than her búa ia the sound of the fights And moro sweet than her voice is the cry of thflt trumpet, and goodlier far '.... . ; Than her arms ia the battle's delight ! And what eyes are : so bright as the sheen of the - bronze when tho sword is aloft, \- . What breast is so fair as the shield ? Or what garland of toses is dear aa the helm, and what bleep is so soft As the sleep of slain men on the field ? ? Lo 1 the Snake that was twined about the form of her who wore the shape of Helen, heard the magic song. . It awoke ; it . ; arose. It twined itself about the Wanderer and the body of her who wore the shape of Helen, knitting them . to gether in the bond of sin. It grew, and Hf ting its woman head on high it sang in answer. And thus it sang of doom-- . Sleep! be at rest for on hour; as in death meu be lieve they shall reat, Bot they wake ! And thou, too, shalt awake! ^ In the dark of the grave do they itir ; but about them on sims and on breast, : .. ? Are the toils-and the coils of the snake! : By the tree where the first lovers lay, didi watch aa I watch wheres he lies, , ; Vr Love laid on the bosom of Last ! .[','.. (IO EJE CQNTIíráBI).) ' ?. 'ji'-'j ' "1 ? - ? ?. . Living is nearly 40 per cent^ cheapat in Lon- . don than in New York.' 