LITERATURE. "Zav LITTLE MANX NATION. ,.nt from England, Ireland, I® ^ .jirfjmt from Engluid, Ireland, ^ mild climate, ito picturesque primitive inhabitants, and ite Bfn6f'unique customs, laws, and mode of almost uinq aboUt 32 miles m b«i«> <* »?? Tl>' lengtl'i ^ orface is covered with hills, ^reaching a liigber elevation than 2,000ft. S sea level, and the myrtle, the fSnL the fuchsia flourish in shel )l)dT I.' tions as luxuriantly as tbey do ^us Ctesar cal led it the island of Mona I d Boetbius spoke of it as " the fountain of a I honest learning." In many respects i is the most interesting of all the British isles, al)J Mr- I*a11 Cai,1<?' the wllo.lB himself a Manxman, as some of his stories indicate, lias compressed all the material , facts of it3 history into a volume of 160 j lis written in a colloquial style, which makes it very pleasant reading. _ He re minds us that his countrymen are islanders . in the truest sense of the word, inasmuch as heir daily life i« affected by the constant presence of the sea. " Everything they do, everything they say, gets the colour andj shimmer of the sea. The sea goes into their ? bones it comes out at their skiu. Their J talk is full of it. They buy by it, they sell by it, they quarrel by it, they swear by it, they pray by it." Mr. Caine describes the island as a lovely | thing to look upon, as seen from the sea, lying like a bird upon the waters. " You see it from end to end," he says, " and from water's edge to topmost peak, often en shrouded in mists, a dim ghost in a grey sea; sometimes purple against the setting sun. Then, as you sail up to it, a rugged rocky coast, grand in its beetling heights on the south and west, and broken into the sweetest bays everywhere. The water clear as crystal and blue as the sky in summer. You can sec the shingle and the moss through many fathoms. Then mountains within, not in peaks, but in round foreheads. The colour of the island is green and gold ; its flavour is that of the nut. Both colour and flavour tome of the eorse." Who are, or rather who were, the Manx men? The earliest dwellers on the island assuming that they did not dispossess and destroy, or absorb, an autochthonic race seem to have come from Spain; and early in the sixth century they fell under the dominion of the kings and princes of Wales, who held their high estate at Anglesea. Early in the tenth century the Vikings of Scandinavia, led by a courageous sea warrior, named Orry or Gorree, found his way thither, round the northern islands of Scotland, conquered the Celtic population, aud settled down upon Man. Most of the males had been killed in battle, and the victorious Norsemen married their widows and daughters, and thus the Noree and Celtic blood l>eeame commingled on the island. Orry assumed the dignity and func tions of a king, and gave his people a Con stitution, which has just been copied in Iceland. "The government was represen tative and patriarchal," writes Mr. Caine. He divided the people into six ship-shires, now called steadings. Each ship- shire clccted four men to an assemblage of law makers, which was called the House of Keys," nobody knows why. He also estab lished a Tynwald Court, which was a sort of senate; and he appointed two justiciaries, railed Deemsters, one of whom had jurisdic tion m the north and the other in the south of the island. The Tynwald met upon the Ijnwa 1 IIill on the 24th of June. The lim?, the nobles, the clergy, the deemsters, coroners, and commoners assembled on this jcasion;andthe acts passed by the House «ert?lan. 7,iCU'Ted K'ith l,y the Tynwald, e rud aloud by the deemsters, first in their J geology, audthcn iu the j ..iTPh ?*»* «* clerev in a" i ,U,ng in the Pre8ence Df h;a 111 a chapel hard by. » ,KW ^ the same snot" ti, t 1peo?5e' on or n<*r Macbeth in n '| !e ,e of 111111 had its Iceland, with wST? °?d(lard Crovan from Wie to! T\ in 1205 the the Scotch wb « was a,8° harried Ulost fervently' eaStf. " *^.xniei1 hated "ame found a»la2?"*.? p,Jratc' whosc ^0'motherln th^islaud° 16 °f Bhecp, and the hul ^ Cu&Vrom; sin> and from Cutlar Mac proved to^tuehV^ Ul>Per haud' and VlUH WiC | \--wcrs besought Edward the First of ISog* to take them under his protection, i which he did. The Scotch, however, reoon- \ <med the island under the leadership of i Robert Bruce, and were finally expelled iu , the reign at llenry the Fourth, who i island to the Earl ot SaViR^""' **" ",,o gave the : -»i« ine Earl oi Salisbury. Eventually to te\\\ into the bawls of the Stanleys, whoae beneficent rale lasted for mote than SW Ye&ia.; " They gave the tenants security of %nae," writes Mr. Caine, " and' the land ttwaea an act o! settlement. They lifted. material condition ot the people, gave ua ttre enjoyment of our venerable l&vre;, and tatjfied out patriarchal Constitution. Honour to the Stanleys of the Manx dynasty ! They have leift a good mark on Man." No lover oi Sir Walter Scott will require to he re- minded that he has made the Isle of Man the scene of some of the most stirring in- cidents in Peveril of the Peak, or will have forgotten the noble figure which the high spirited Countess of Derby, "the Queen Dowager of the island," presents in that historical romance. Fond as he is of his countrymen, Mr. Caine does not blink the fact that they have, or have had, a seamy side to their character. They were, once upon a time, great smugglers, and wrecking was by no means unknown among them. False lights were exhibited along the coast, and when a vessel went to pieces on the rocks her drifting cargo was eagerly appropriated. One of these wreckers was an old Bait, who lived on a lonely headland, near a churchyard, in which he had bnried his wife. He was accustomed to hide his plunder under the thatch above the dry gorse stored up on the " lath" of his cowhouse. There he con cealed some bales of Irish cloth ; but the revenue officers got wind of the transaction, and were coming to Search the place next morning. " That night he carried the bales to the churchyard, took up the stone from over his wife's grave, dug the grave open, and put in the cloth. Next day his one eye wept a good deal while the officers of revenue made their fruitless search. "Au, well, well, did they think because a man was poor he had no feelings? Afterwards he pre tended to become a Methodist, and then he removed the cloth from his wife's grave because he had doubts about how Bhe could rise in the resurrection with such a weight on her coffin." The characteristics of Manxmen are, Bays Mr. Caine, " independence, modesty, a de gree of sloth, a non-sanguine temperament, pride, and Bome covetousness. This un canny combination of characteristics is, perhaps, due to our mixed Celtic and Norse blood." Their independence comes from the latter strain, and "almost reaches a vice." It causes them to hate rank, and though they have a vast respect for wealth, it must be their own. But there are, it is claimed, at least two types of Manx character which are entirely charming and delightful. The one is the best type of Manx seaman and the other is the parish patriarch, whether farmer or parson. Speaking of the latter, Mr. Caine observes:-''Such sweetness in his home life, such nobility, such gentle, old- fashioned ceremoniousness, Buch de lightful simplicity of manners! Then, when two of these ' ould angels' met, two of these Parson Adamses, living in content on seventy pounds a year, such high talk on great themes, long hour after long hour, in the little low-ceiled vicarage study, with no light but the wood-fire which glistened on the diamond window-pane!" Hospitality is also one of the virtues of the Manxman; simple and rude, it is true, but real and hearty. Mr. Caine gives an amusing illustration of it. The Rev. Hugh S to well Brown, who was himself a Manxman, was belated one evening,- in company with his wife, sister, and mother, in Baldwin Glen, and stopped at a farm-house to inquire their way. But the farmer would not hear of their going a step further. " Aw, nonsense 1" he said. "What's the use of talkin', man? You'll be stoppin', with usjto-night. Aw, 'deed ye will, though. The women can get along together aisy, and you're a clane-lookin' sort of chap; you'll be sleepin' with me." With so much smuggling as used to go on j in the Isle of Man, ami the consequent i abundance and cheapness of spirits, con- ] vivial habits were widely prevalent, and Mr. j Caine tells us he rememt>ers one local j preacher having been brought home from | market dead drunk, on a Saturday night, I lying across the bottom of his cart, drawn by his sober and intelligent horse, .and seeing him in the pulpit next morning preaching a sermon on the evils of back sliding. Perhaps he remembered Pope's line, " He best can paint them who shall feel j them most." On this subject Mr. Caine tells a good story which we have met with before, but it may be new to m'ahy of our readers: " In the old days of, say, two steamboats a week to England, the old Manx captains of the steamboat company were notorious soakers. One of them had the archdeacon of the island on board in - a storm. It was night. Hie venerable archdeacon was in an agony of fear and terror. He inquired anxiously of the weather. The captain, very drunk, answered, ' If it doesn't mend, we'll all be in heaven -before naming, arch deacon 1' ' Oh, God forbid, captain,' cried the archdeacon." - - In the early history of the plantation of Christianity-V>n the island Mr. Caine finds the record of the lives of persons who might have served as prototypes of three of the characters in " The Tempest," and as Manx sailors were to be met with in London in the days of Elizabeth, he asks, "Why may not Shakspeare, who must have ferreted out many a stranger creature, have found in some London tavern an old Manx sea-dog, who could tell him of the Manx Prospero, the Manx Caliban, and the Manx Miranda?" But the analogies suggested are rather far fetched, and the probabilities are much stronger in favour of that exquisite play having been suggested by Jourdan's book entitled A DuKowy of the Bermudas, Other wise Called the Isle of Devils, especially as the Counoil of Virginia put forth about the same time a narrative of the recent disasters there, in which it was stated tliat these islands "have ever been accounted an enchanted pile of rocks," iuhabited by fairies and devils. 