COUNTER AND CROSS-COUNTER- (By " -Smileu.") Tho portrait of Goorgo Powell, tho crack feather-weight of Queensland, which appoars , in this issue of tho Bikd, was taken by Atkinson, of 23 Oxl'ord- stroet, Hydo Park, Sydney. It will bo soon at once that Powell . is a much heavior built man than Griffo, whom ho has to box on the 24th of this month. Looking at tho limbs of this athlete, it is quite easy to imagine why tho boxers who know him doubt his ability to got under nino stone and fight strong. Exeepting his lioight, ho is built more liko a ten stone lad than a feather-weight, and Paddy Moran, whom Griilo last whipped, was also built that way, and had height and reach as well, but gotting down below his proper woigbt made him so weak that ho hadn't a ghost of a show with tho champion, and most people faucy that history is going to repeat itsolf in this instancott Tho Molbourno Athletic Club lias offorod Dooley .£300 in the shape of a purso to go over and fight Joe G'hoynski. Nod Byan's supporters arc getting yory confident that ho can do up both Williams and Goddard. Ned says he onco fought tho latter with baro knuckles when he (By an) was only 12st woiglit, and had none tho worst of it ; and ho allogoB that he thinks liis chances, now that ho is 12st 101b, aro pretty rosy. I told Goddard this, and ho smiled in his grim fashion, and replied, "Woll, ho can havo another cut at mowheneverho fools inclined." Mr. William Larmour, of Coogce, thinks so much of tho services of Mr. Georgo Walker, tho well-known all-round athlete, that ho intends to give the big follow a bmnpor'bqne- fit at his place shortly. Georgo Walkor as a swimmer, footballer, boxer, aud general athlete had fow superiors in his day, and well deserves this act of kindness from the Coogee Managor. Mr.- Georgo Hawkin is about to opon an athlotio hall at tho rear of tho Golden Gate Hotol, George-street, botwoon Bathurst and Liverpool streets. Fiituro advertisements will give an idea of tho charactor of tho placo and tho naturo of the shows to be presented to tho public . Mr. Hawkin statos that ho intends to. sparo no pains to rnako the now venturo a big success. George Powell iB admitted to bo the most genteel little fellow on tho gamo that ever visited Queensland, and all tho Bports out thoro wish him heaps of luck. As a rule the Queonslandors aro a protty warm crowd to put down. They've sent us some hot blood in all classes of sport. Thoy prepared Mega phone and Greygown, and fired 'em at us. Then they chipped in on tho running tracks with Kingsmill, Harris and M'Garrigal, and in boxing they came at us red hot with Dawson and Powell. Thoy back their cracks too, and seldom make mistakos, so that whon they open a stable it's just as well to keep both eyes under a green shade to see that thoy steal no marches. I have a big respect for tho Queenslandors ; they're oute, deep, and breed good material, and know it whon they havo it. Sam Fitzpatrick quits Australia on Monday for the golden gates of California. Sam loaves no onemy behind him. Mr. Jim M'Ginloy, tho retired light-weight amateur boxer, goes to America by the Mari posa on Monday next. Sullivan could hardly bolieve the news of Dompsoy's defeat. Whon convinced of tho truth, ho said : " So a bloke from tho South Sea Islands has lickod Jack Dompsoy ! That knocks me out. I had only a fow hundreds on him. I always considered Dempsey the bo3t middle-weight on earth, but it is all up with him now ; ho will never recover from thiB licking." When tho Amoricans set eyes on Jim Hall last Saturday thoy must havo folt that Aus tralia is a wonderful country to brood _ and rear men in. Fancy Jim, as a middle-weight, meeting Tod Pritchard, of England, for in stance. Tho Dempsey-Fitzsiminons history would surely repeat itself, and whon our American cousins hod got tired of looking at the longthy form of long James, resplendent in that frook coat, Paris hat, and patent boots, whioh raised such envious sighs in the breasts of Goorge- stroet dudes, thoy had another surprise in store for 'em whon they gazed upon " Shadow " Maber's Sft 8iiu of lathy humanity. Just fancy 5ft 8iin of punching machinery scaling 1331b. It's enough to make tho Amoricau feel sad. Old Jim Bnrgo called to soo me on ThnrH- day, and ho spoke in tho highest possible terms of the Broken Hill folks. "You tell the peonlo for mo," remarked "old Jim," " that I vo been fighting a long time now, and I've beon in many good places, but I never Btruck a-placo like the Barrior. If a man '11 only fight honestly, ho can get more frionds there than any placo on earth, and it don't signify how hot tho battle is, it can always go on to a finish, and B. B. Fell is tho bost referee that ever bossed a fight. I can get a big purse there to fight Dawson to a finish, and a side wager of .£500. Billy M'Carty could got big torms to go up tliero and fight mo, but ho declined. I don't know what for. I'd rather fight on Broken Hill than anywhere. Tho miners are all you said thoy wore ' Smilor,' good sports, manly and honest, and tho very best follows alivo. Thoy treated both tho Murphys splendidly after I beat them, for it's not thoir religion to go baok on a man when ho's beat. _ If ho fights a gamo, good battle they think just as much of him as before. Any persons wishing to get photos of Griffo and Powell, tho two great feather weight boxers, jsan do so at a reasonable cost by sending to this office for them. We are prepared to forward splondid pictures, on specially prepared paper, fit for framing — in fact prepared for that purpose, for tho modoRt sum of sixpence per copy. Coin or stamps must bo sent with the order. Yankee Sam's show to-night onglit to bo pretty good, as tho amateur lOst tournament is to bo carried out, and somo good and willing fighting is cot-tain to eventuate. The amateurs aro a willing crowd, and have all got a big notion that the .£30 trophy offered by Yankoo Sam should belong to them, and so good fighting is certnin to be tho ontoomo. In addition to this there will be some sword fighting between Parker" and White, whioh should be very willing. Messrs. Foloy and Cohon aro layinglow jnst at the present poriod, but contomplato a big move before long in tbo boxing world. They are silently gotting their magnificent plaoo in porfcct order, and when the right momont arrives they intend to eolipso all the boxing booms in this country. The match between Joe Choynski and Mick Dooloy in tho Melbourne Athlotio Club will create a furore in boxing oirclos in Vic toria. It should make a brilliant fight, and ono of tbo most -scientific over seen south of thp lino. The Williams-Byan contest, which will bo fought out on the grass at Coogee next Satur day afternoon, should prove ono of the most exciting heavy- weight glove contests over seen in all Australia! Both men are pretty fit, and Goddard himself reckons them the bestpair of heavyweights in the country, and says he'd take on the winner, and then if successful ho will go and fight oithor Kilrain, Jackson, Godfrey, or Corbott. Both Ryan and WilliamB state that in the eyent of a win they aro willing to put up tho monoy thoy make out of this fight in a side-wager to moot Goddard, and as Mr. Larmour iB eager to sign articlos for a match with next Saturday's winner and Goddard tho present contest should provo most exciting. Tlio Melbourne Club wants to match tho winner of next Saturday's fight at Coogoo with Goddard for a big purse. 