Varieties. Ifow thi ro li i ills ilil n , Eaits. In paper read, before tlhe lu.:omba Natural ilieti r Siocietyt reNtiv'nly il polo.' lished in its journal, clr. Inve.lrity,, a noted dihoari, discu=ssed the habits p f: the ti;er and especially the mode in wlicih it kills ftidd eait its prey. Some think he seizes by t.e throat others by the nape of the neck from above. M.r. Inverarity has examinsd scores of slain animals with special reference to this point, and in every case but one the throat was seized from below. The exception was an : old boar who had been seized by the back of the neckl:fromabove. One of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the nape of the neck oy a man eater, but saved by his companions, had no idea when he' recovered his scnses what had happened. Whether dislocation of the neck takes place'is doubtful. . . The tame bhunting lopiirds' lnways kill b pressure oti the windpipe, without break. ing the skin:; possibly the tiger kills in the same way.':. It is only. by-accident, if at all, that tigers in killing: sever an important vein or artery, and no blood to speak of flows from the throat sounds. "'" Very large and powerful animals like the 'bull, buffalo and bison, if attacked at all, are in the first instance attacked from the rear, with a view to disable them. H a.ing killed, the tiger' alinost invariably begins eating na- hind quarter,, consuming one or probably both. 0 Somet mes he leaves the stomach and intestines as they are: sobmetimes he will reminove them to one side. making sneat pareel of them.: 'A tiger ant n tigress. together will fin:si an ordinar, sized animal at one meal, leaving only it. head. In this case it is probable that the :econd begirisit tlhe fore quarter; Animal, are never cateiiwhere'. theyblirye killed, but are always dragged a short distance. - The are not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. . : " Ilaving gorged himself,the tiger sometimeo lies close by his prey, hut if it is hot weather and there are hills its the neiglhbourltood, irh will go a long distance, off before resting fot the day. e ptrfers to lie in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hiil'side than in the clost lot jungle.-. - lie returns next night and finishes :whal is left, but he never eats a second time on the same spot, dragging the relmains of the prey 40 or 0O yards off. Sportsmen coming on'a half-devoured' animal aitd desiring tc catch the tiger, tic the piey to a tree..-Tlif tiger tases about two hours'steady. eating to tinish the fore nuarters of a bullock. JMr. Inverarity sat over a small tigressene night who ate for ten minutes, then went awasy foi twenty, probably to drink,'and on her return ate steadily:for two and a quartet bhurs. He did not fire, as he could not" see her. Tigers are cannibals ; they will make their "meals off each other. They-are sapposod to kill once is five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does nyt care to hunt much for 'I tew days; but a tiger kill whenever lie can."They have been known to kill on 14'consecutive nights. . , ? -, ; ?Ofr. Inverarity believes that animarn killedl by tigers suffer little beyond the panic of i few seconds. The shock produces a stupor and dregaiiness in which there is no sense oi pain or feeling of terror. The. powerfu strokedof the fore paw of the tiger is fiction ; he clutches with his claws as on, might with the fingers, but does not strike , blow. ' Tigers wander immense distances at night and, as they like easy going, they go on road, and paths. . They do not like to move dot ain the haet of the day, as the hot groan, burns their pads and makes them raw. The, can on occasion climb trees. In Salsette one climbed after a certais Pandoo, but could, not reach him, and re tired. Pafidoo, thinking the coast clear, go down and ran toward home, but on the wa was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated that Pando, died of the tiger eating him; there was nt other : cause : of -death.-: 'Nothing. was let" except, soue fingers. wvhieh probably be "ionngedvto-the"rtibt~ot' left'lnnd:Ne-N t;i have a belief that the-ghosts of the man eater's victims, ride in his head and wart him -of danger, or.point the way to fresl victims. : 