A Forward Movement. " POWER FROH ON HIGH." ; Da. TALMAGE'S NEW TEAK'S SERMON, 1891. (SLIGHTLY ABRIDGED.) "Tarry yo in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high."-LUKE ixiv. 40. The time has arrived for a forward movement such as the Church and the world have never seen. That there is a noed for such a religious movement is evident from tho fact that never since our world was swung out among the planets has there been such an organised and detormined effort to overthrow righteousnsss and make the Ten Commandments obsolete and the whole Bible a derision. Meanwhile alcohism is taking down its victims by the hundreds of thousands. The Christian Sabbath, appointed for physical, mental, and spiritual rest, is being secularised and abolished. As if the bad publishing houses of our own country had exhausted their literary filth, the French and Eussian sewers have been invited to pour their scurrility and moral slush into the trough. Meanwhile there are enough houses of infamy in all our cities, open and un molested of the law, to invoke the Omnipotent wrath which buried Sodom under a deluge of brimstone. The pandemoniac world, I think, has massed its troops, and they aro this moment plying their batteries upon family circles, church circles, social circles, political circles, and national circles. Apollyon is in the saddle, and riding at the head of his myrmidons would capture thie world for darkness and woe. That is one side of the conflict now raging. ON THE OTHER SIDE we have the most magnificent Gospel machinery that the world ever saw or heaven ever invented, Tn the first piece, in this country more than eighty thousand ministers of religion and, take them as a class, moro consecrated, holier, more consistent, more self-denying, more faithful men never lived. I know them by the thousands. I have met them in every city. I am told, not by them but by people outside our profession, people engaged in Christian and reforma tory work, that the clergy of America are at the head of all good enterprises, and, who ever else fail, they may be depended on. In addition to their equipment in moral character, the clergy of thia country have all that the schools can give. All archaeological, rhetorical, scientific, scholastic, literary attainment. So much for the Christian ministry of all denomina tions. In the next place on our side of the con flict we have the grandest churches of all time and higher style of membership, and more of them, and a host without number of splendid men and women who are doing their beat to have this world purified, elevated, göspelised. But we all feel that something is wanting, Enough hearty songs havo been sung and enough ea-nest sermons preached within the last six months to save all the cities of America, and saving the cities you save the world, for they overflow all the laud, oither with their religion or their infamy. BUT LOOK AT SOME STARTLING FACTS. It is nearly 1900 years since Jesus Christ came in by the way of Bethlehem caravansary to save this world, yet the most of the world has been no more touched by this most stupendous fact of all eternity than if on the first Christmas night the beasts of the stall amid the bleatings of their own young had not heard tho bleating of the Lamb that was to be slain. Out of the 1,800,000,000 of the human race, 1,400,000,000 are without God and without hope in the world, the camel-driver of Arabia, Mahomet, with his nine wives, having half as many disciples as our blessed Christ, and more people are worshipping chunks of painted wood and carved stone than are worshipping the living and eternal God. Meanwhile, the most of us who are engaged in Christian work-I speak for myself as well as others-are toiling up to pur full capacity of body, mind, and soul, harnessed up to the last buckle, not able to draw a pound more than we are drawing, or life an ounce more than we are lifting. WHAT IS THE MATTER ? My text lets out the secret. Wo all need more of the power from on high. Not muscular power, not logical power, not scientific power, not social power, not financial power, not brain power, but power from on high. With it we could accom plish more in one week than without it in 100 years. And I am going to get it, if in answer to prayer, earnest and long-continued, God will grant it me, hi3 unworthy servant. Men and women who know how to pray, when you pray for yourself, pray for me, that I may be endued with power from on high. I would rather have it than all the diamond fields of Golconda, and all the pearls of the sea, and all the gold of tho mountains. Many of the mightiest intellects never had a touch of it, and many of the less than ordinary intellects have been surcharged with it. And every man and woman on earth has a right to aspire to it, a right to pray for it, and, properly persistent, will obtain it. Power from on the level is a good thing, such power as I may give you, or you may give me, by en couraging words and actions. Power from on the level, when we Btand by each other in any Christian undertaking. Power from on the level when other pulpits are in accord with ours. Power from on the level when the religious and secular press forward our Christian undertakings. But power from on, the level ia not sufficient. POWER FROM ON HIGH is what we need to take possession of na. Powe straight from God. Supernatural power, Omni potent power, all-conquering power. Not mor< than one out of a thousand of tho ministers havi ifc continuously. Not more than ono out o 10,000 Christians have it all tho time. Given ii abundance these last 10 years of the nineteentl century would accomplish more for God and th« church and the world than the previous 90 year: .of th Í3 century. A few men and women in each age of the worl< have possessed it. All in greater or loss degre< may have it. Once get it and nothing can stanc before you. Satan goes down. Caricature goo: down. Infidelity goes down. Worldliness goo: down. All opposition goes down. Several time: in the history ot' the church and the world ha: this power from on high been demonstrated. IN THE SEVENTEENTH CENTURF, after a great season of moral depression, thh power from on high came down upon John Tillot son, and Owen, and Flavel, and Baxter, and Bun yan ; and there was a deluge of mercey, higher than the tops of the highest mountains of sin In the eighteenth century, in England and America, religion was at low water mark. Wil liam Cowper, writing of the clergy of those times said : Except a few with Eli's spirit blest Hophni and Phineas may describe the rest. The infidel writings of Shaftesbury, and Hobbes and Chubb had done their work.. But power fron on high came upon both the Wesleys and Lady Huntington on the other side tho Atlantic, and upon William Tennant, and Gilbert Tennant, and David Brainerd on this side the Atlantic, and both hemispheres felt tho tread of a pardoning God. COMING TO A LATER DATE, there may be here an aged man or woman who can remember New York in 1831, when this power from on high descended most wonderously. Il came upon pastors, and congregations, anc theatres, and commercial establishments. Chat ham-street Theatre was the scene of a most tre mendous religious awakening. A committee of Christian gentlemen called upon the lessee of the theatre, and said they would like to buy the lease of the theatre. He said, " What do you want il for?" They replied, "For a church." "For Wh-a-a-t ?" said the owner. " For a church/ was tho reply. Tho owner said : "You may have it, and I will give you a thousand dollars to help you on with your work." Arthur Tappan, a man mightily persecuted in his time, but a man, as ] saw him in his last days, as honest and pure and good as any man I ever knew, stepped on th« stage of old Chatham Theatre as the actors were closing their morning rehearsal, and said : "There j will be preaching here to-night on this stage/' and then gave out and sang with such people as I were there the old hymn : Tho voico of free grace cries, oscapc to the mountain, For all that believo Christ lias opened a fountain. Tho bar-room of the theatre was turned into a prayer-room, and SOO persons were present at the first meeting. For 70 successive nights religious services were held in that theatre, and such scenes of mercy and salvation as will bo subjects of con versation and congratulation among the ransomed in glory as long as heaven lasts. . BUT I COME TO 1857. J remember it especially, as I had just entered the office of tho ministry. It was a year of hard times. A great panic had flung hundreds of thousands of people penniless. Starvation entered habitations that had never before known a want. Domestic life, in many cases, became a tragedy. Suicide, garroting, burglary, assas sination were rampant. What an awful day that was when the banks went down. There has been nothing like it in thirty years, and I pray God there may not bo anything like it in the next thirty centuries. This nation in its extremity fell helpless before the Lord and cried for pardon and peace, and upon ministers and laymen tho power from on high descended. Engine- houses, warerooms, hotel parlors, museums, factories from twelve to one o'clock while the operatives wore resting, were opened for prayers and ser mons, and inquiry rooms, and Burton's old theatre, where our ancestors used to assemble to laugh at the comedies, and all up and down the streets, and out on the docks and on tho decks of ships lying at the wharf, people sang, " All hail the power of Jesus' name," while others cried for mercy. In the busiest marts of our busiest American cities, where the worshippers of Mammon had been counting their golden beads, men began to calculate : " What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his soul." The waiters in restaurants after the closing of their day's work knelt among the tables where they had served. Policemen asked consent of the Com missioner of Police to be permitted to attend religious meetings. At Albany members of the New York Legislature assembled in the morning for prayer and praise. Printed invitations were sent out to the firemen of New York. Quarry men knelt among the rocks. Fishermen knelt in their boats. Weavers knelt among the looms. Sailors knelt among the hammocks. School masters knelt among their classes. In those days, WHAT SONGS, WHAT SERMONS, what turnings to Ged, what recital of thrilling j experiences, what prodigals brought home, what i burning tidings of souls saved, what serfdom of sin emancipated, what wild rout of the forco3 of darkness, what victories for th© truth ! What millions on earth and in Heaven are now thank ing God for 1857, which, though the year of worst financial calamity, was the year of America's most glorious blessing. How do you account for its spiritual triumphs on the heels of -its worldly misfortune ? It was what my text calls the power from on high. That was 33 years ago, and though there have been in various parts of the land many stirrings of tho Holy Ghost, there has been no general awakening. Does it not seem to you that we ought to have and may have the scenes of power in 1857 eclipsed by the scenes of power in 1891 ? BRETHREN IN THE GOSPEL MINISTRY! If we spent half as much time in prayer as we do in the preparation of our sermons nothing could stand before us. We would have the tower from on high aß we never have had it Priva? membership of all Christendom, if we spent half as much time in positive prayer for this influX* as wo do in thinking about it and talkin.» about it, there would not bo secretaries enough tn take down tho names of those who would°want to give in their names for enlistment wi would hilve hundreds of cases like those recently reported when a man said to an evangelist I am a lost sinner. Pray for me. My wife has been a professor of religion for years, but I knew she did not enjoy religion, and I - said if that waa all there was in religion, I did not want it. But for tho last fow days she has looked and acted in such an elevated and glorious spirit that I cannot stand it, away from God. I want the same reli gion that inspires her." Come! Come' ali through tho United States, and all through Christendom, and all around the world let us join hands in holy pledge that we will call upon God for the power. Oh, for the power from on high the power that came on Pentecost, yea, for 10000 Pentecosts. Such times will come, and they will come in our day if we have the faith and the prayer and the consecration. WHY NOT EXPECT, and why not have the power from on high com forting power, arousing power, convicting power I converting power, saving power, omnipotent power ? My opinion is that in thia cluster of cities by tho Atlantic coast, there are 500000 people now ready to accept the Gospel call, if \ freed from all the conventionalities of the church', it were earnestly and with strong faith presented to them. In those brilliant assemblies, there are hundreds who aro not frequenters of churches and who do not believe much, if at all in ministers of religion or eccleasiastieàl organisations. But God knows you have struggles in which you need help, and bereavements in which you want solace, and persecutions in which you ought to have defence, and perplexities in which you need guidance, and with a profound thoughtfulness, you stand by the grave of the old year, and tho cradle of theyoun» year, wondering where you will be, and what you will be when "rolling years shall cease to move." God through Jesus Christ is ready to pardon all your sin, comfort all your sorrows, scatter all your doubts, and swing all the shining gates of Heaven wide open before your redeemed spirit. Come into tho Kingdom of God ! Without a half-second of delay, como in ! Many of my hearers to-day are what the world calls, and what I would call, splendid fellows, and they seem happy enough, and are jolly, and obliging ; and if I were in trouble I would go to them with as much confidence as I would to my father, if ho were yet alive. But when they go to their rooms at night, or when the excitements of social and business life are off, they are not content, and they want something bettor than this world can offer. I understand them so well J. could, without any fear of being thought rough, put my hand on their shoulder, and push them into the kingdom of God. But I cannot. POWER PROM HIGH, LAT HOLD OP THEM. Tears ago, at the close of a religious service, in Brooklyn Tabernacle, a gentleman most dis tinguished in appearance, and with remarkable cerebral development came forward with his wife and daughter, and said to me in a most courteous and olegant way : " Let me introduce you to my wifo and daughter who wish some counsel in regard to religious matters," and the three sat down. Af ter I had conversed with the wife and daughter, I turned to tho gentleman and said: " Perhaps you have some intei est yourself in these matters ?" " None whatever," was the reply, polite, yet firm. But before the meeting had closed I saw his hand lifted to his forehead, and his oyes closed, and I said : " Sir, have you not changed your mind, and are you not thoughtful j on this subject ?" He Eaid : " I am ; since I coming to this seat, I have sought and found Christ as my Saviour, and I have but one desire more and that is, before I leave this house, to join my wife and daughter in making profession of the Christian religion. I have been known as on the wrong side long enough." What was it that had come upon him ? It was power from high. At the first communion after the dedication of our former church, 328 souls stood up the aisles and publicly espoused the cause of Christ. At another time 400 souls ; at another time 500; and our 4500 membership were but a small part of those who within those sacred walls took upon themselves the vows of the Christian. What turned them ? What saved them ? Power from the level ? No. Power from on high. BUT GREATER THINGS ARE TO BE SEEN if ever these cities, and ever this world is to be taken for God. -'? There is one class of men and women in all these assemblages in whom I have especial interest, and that is those who had good fathers and mothers once, but they are dead. 1 have a friend in tho ministry who was attending the last hours of an aged Christian, and my friend said to the old Christian : " Is there no trouble on your mind ?" The old man turned his face to the wall for a few moments and then said: " Only one thing ; I hope for the salvation of my ten children, but no one of them is yet saved; yet I am sure they will be. God means to wait until I am gone." So he died. When my friend told of the circumstances eight of the ten baa found the Lord, and I have no doubt the other two before this have found Him. Oh, that ene long-postponed answers to prayer for you, my brother, for you, my sister, might this hour descend in power from on high. The history of THESE UNANSWERED PEATERS . for you God only knows. They may have been offered when you were down with fever, ¿ney mav have been offered some night when you were sound asleep in the trundle-bed, and your mother came in to see if you were rightly covered in MB cold winter night. They may have been otterea at that time which comes-at least once ia airaos every one's life, when your father and motner had hard work to make a living, and they ww** that want would come to them and you. ^ey may hare been offered when tho n¿» : could no longer move and the eyes wen closed for tba long sleep. O. unanswere< prayers of father and mother, where are you í Unanswered prayers, rise in a mist of many teari into a cloud, and then break in a shower, whict shall soften the heart of that man who is so hare he cannot cry, or that woman who Í3 ashamed tc Good and gracious God ! "What will become oi ns, if after having had such a devout and praying parentage, we never pray for ourselves I We will Pray' WE WILL BEGIN NOW. Oh, for the power from on high, power to move thia assemblage, power to save Brooklyn and New Tori, power of evangelism that shall sweep across this continent like an ocean surgo, power to girdle the round earth with a red girdle dipped in the blood of the cross. If this forward movement is to begin at all, there must be some place for it to begin, and why not this place ? And thero must ba some time for it to begin, and why not thi3 time ? And so I. sound for your ears a rhythmic invitation, which, until a few days ago, never came under my eye ; but it is so sweet, so sobbing with pathos, BO triumphant with joy, that who" ever chimed it,, instead of being anonymous, ought to be immortal : Thy sins I boro on Calvary's tree, Tho stripes, thy due, were laid on mo, That peace and pardon might be free O, wretched sinner, como I Burdened with guilt, wouldst thou be blest? Trust not the world, it gives no rest ¡ I bring relief to hear ts opp cest 0, weary sinner, cornel Come, leave thy burden at the cross, Coont ail thy gains but empty dross, ? My grace repays all earthly loss- . ¡ 0, needy sinner, come 1 . . Come, hither bring thy boding fears, Thy aohing heart/thy bursting tears, 'Tis mercy's voice salutes thine ears 0, trembling sinner, come ! 