WITH THE COAL COMMIS SION. COAL PROSPECTING AT CAPE OTWAY. The recent visit of the Coal Commission will probably serve as a stimulus to tbo oxertione of the local residents, and oniist tho sympathies of tho Government and tbo public in the develop- ment of an industry the importance of which to the colony cannot ha overestimated. That there is coal in the district goes without saying, but tho quostion is will it pay for working. The re cords of the Mines Department, and tho opinions of exports, with one exception, perhaps Sir Frodcrio 51 'Coy, whose conclusions are based upon experience in oonneotion with the principal coal fields in the world, do not convey any assur ance of success upon this point. Yot, tho pro- dictions of scienco, or rather the dicta of re presentative men of great soientifie attain ments, havo been known before now to bo fallacious. In cases of this kind it is the prospector who settles tho question definitely. Tho coal measures of Victoria, such as thoy aro according to tho latest discoveries, belong to tho mesozoio period, and are much later, though not necessarily lesB valuable or extensive than those of England, whioh for tho greater part belong to the palioozoio, and rest upon tho old red sandstono. There are three distinct areas of tho mesozoio systom in the south- west portion of the colony, and these are more or loss coal boaring. One stretohes from Hamil ton to Coieraino, and is visible as far as the Glonolg Rivor, whon it disappears under tho overlying strata. Another area lies in tbo Cano Otway distriot, and contains more dis tinct indications of tho prosonco of coal. This area is bounded on the south-west and south-east by the coast line from near tho mouth of tho Gcllibrand Rivor to between Loutitt Bay (Lorne) and tho Barwon Heads. On tile inland sido those rocks aro found exposed from tho mouth of tho Gellibrand to a few miles south of Colao, and thence round to tho coast. It is within the limits thus defined that coal must ho found in abundanoo if it is to become remunerative, and mnko Victoria, as regards the supply of this fuel, independent of hor neighbors. Tho carboniferous deposits, Sir Frodcrio M'Coy contends, extend inland nt some distance from the coast, but thoro is just tho possibility that they may strotch south wards boncatli tlio sea. Tlio geologists dcolaro that in tho entire aories plant impressions and thin irregular seams of coal aro common. There appears to be ample grounds for believing that at one period an oxtonsive coalfield lay from Point Liptrap aoross tho continent as for west as the Glenolg rivor ; but in tho convulsions of nature arising from some terriDo volcanic up heaval, which possibly severed Tasmania from tiio mainland, the carboniferous rocks wcro broken up, twisted and distorted and in many instances affected by tho influences of ignoous deposits. Bass's Straits and tho southern por tion of Port Phillip Bay may now oovor what formerly constituted in part an enormous coal field, which would account for tho presenco of tiio carbonaceous rocks in tlio Western district, although many authorities maintain that the Capo Otway coal beds are a totally different and independent series and never had any eonneotion with thoso of South Gippsland. However that may bo, it moy now ba con sidered an established scientific faot that coal Beams may be mot with throughout tbo Capo Otway district, and that tho difficulties atten dant upon prospecting, or at all penetrating the forest glades and precipitous ranges covered with hoavy timber and vegetation, have alono prevented, any important discovcrios up to the prosont timo. Tho long promised trip of the commission was undortaken conjointly with the Railway Standing Committoo, sevoral membors of whioh accompanied the party, whoso main objeot was to personally inspoet and satisfy themselves of tho actual existonco of coal soams in the colony. Tho Lady Looh startod punctually at the hour arranged, namely, 10 p.m. on tlio 2nd inst., from tho railway pier, Port Blelbourne, and though hor nominal passenger accommodation js extremely limited, Captain Livingston con trived to make his guests for the timo boing, numbering about 25, as oomfortable as oircum- stamstances would admit. The steamer is well adapted for the purposes intended, and at a pinch can bo made to do duty for a pleasant outing with a certain amount of official signifi cance. Her internal fittings and arrangements are quite a picture of neatness and cleanliness combined with comfort and substantiality. Everything is bright, fresh and elegant, without being exactly luxurious; the oabins, though fow, are complete ; and tho sleeping resources gene rally, wiion fully tested as they were on tho occasion of the trip, nearly all that could be desire. In tho matter of cuisme also tho re sults were found to be most satisfactory. By starting close on midnight a day was savod to the mom hers, an important considera tion with some of thorn, as it was cal culated that Apollo Bay would bo reached about daylight. Tho little steamer dropped anchor about 7 o'clock in tho morning, and immodiato arrangements wero made for landing the party. Tho weather at the time looked menacingly. The alcy was overcast with olouds, and rain seemed imminent.- To tho left the sea broke in a long line of surf upon tlio reef which extends on tho west sido of tho little bay to a consider able distanco from tho shore, and the heavy swell that camo in leisurely at intervals from that direction gavo earnest of some little trouble in landing at tlio pior, tho Lady Loch having to remain anchored in the roadstead. Tho dilapi dated remains of the old jetty still stand a monument either of departmental imbeoility or contractors' scamping and dishonesty if all the tales bo true that are told respect ing its construction. Tho now pier situated half a milo nearer to the township, though much smaller, looks more substantial and seams to afford nil convenience required in tho present emhryous stnto of the township, which, with Lorne, or Loutitt Bay, presents an excep tion t,o tho iron bound coast of the south western margin of tho straits. Apollo Bay numbers about 200 inhabitants. The place is difficult of access either by land or sea, and at first Bight it seams incomprehensible what con stitutes their means and mode of subsistence. The climate is pleasant hnd appetising and the surroundings rudely picturesque. The beaoh of hard, compact sand stretohes east and west until broken by tho protruding rooks and boulders that extend in a series of spurs from tho interior of tlio forest to tho bed of the ocean whioh in foam covered and gigantic billows agitate the coast line, and send thoir loud resounding monotone over tho timbar-oiad ranges that form tho background of tbo sceno. Tlio landing was not effected without some little trouble, as the mombcrs of tho party woro distinctly not of tho olass that frequently go down to tho deep in groat ships. Mat dc mer had laid several of them overnight by tho heols, and their escapo from old Father Neptune's toils camo as an unspeakable pleasure. Landing at the pior was, doubtless, very entertaining to tho loungers on top, but it was the reverse to those who were knocked about like shuttlecocks, and wore only saved from involuntary immersion by tho united and kiudly efforts of the Bailors who manned the boat. The ohairman of tho party, 5Ir. Forrest, stalwart as he was, nearly accomplished a somersault in the air when being sent above ; another member, well known in eonneotion with railway matters, had his sense of dignity rather rudely disturbed, and his tompor sovorely tried by the recaloitrant conduct of tho waves and the orratio caperB of tho boat; and one of tho atten dant offioials, unacoustomcd to tho dangers of tho deep, had his shinB abraised by sudden impact with the edge of the jetty. Eight o'olook, however, saw the party soated at breakfast in the hotol overlooking the Bay, with a gontlc wind, heavily oharged witli ozono, coming in at tlio open window and filling the apartment with a subtlo exhilarating influonco that almost made ono feel young again. Sir. Gosney, the host, did honor to his craft, and in an hour all, like giants refreshed, were ready for the road to the mine nt Skene's Creek. Wo wore a goodly party, including eight or nine members of the Royal Commission on Coal, Sir. Fred. SI 'Coy, several officials of tho Slines and Publio Works departments ; two or three mombers of the railway committeo and thoir trusted henchman, Sir. Jenkins ; the clerk of the Assembly, who as a disciplo of Isaao Walton holds quite a reputation in tlio piscatorial world, and through whose exertions the company on the followiug morning wore regaled with a doleotable fish breakfast. The residents of tho township wero not wanting in regard for the convenience of tho party. At a meeting hold tho previous evening it was de cided that every faoility should bo afforded for bringing the commissioners to tho sceno of operations in tho forest, and though tho vehicles were somewhat primitive and tho horses a trillo shaggy in appearance, they were found competent to perform tho duties expected from them. As tho day advanced the sky became clear, and gradually the sun shone out, lighting up tho dark belt of forest land on tho loft, and making the scenery all round bright and cheery. The forest was entered from Tho Strand, close to tbo mouth of Skene's Creek, wliioh in winter contains a large body of wator, aud is dry at no season of the year. In places its bankB are steep and broken, at others it is easily forded on foot. It rolls its sinuous course through dense masses of undergrowth and foliage, with gigantio gum trees, mustly ringed and denuded of hark, towering above, including many mag, ulfieent tpctlinens, - in parts the trade lay through patches that resembled Fern Tree Gully or portions of the more remote forest lands of South GippBlnnd. The ferns are of great and beautiful varioty, from the smaliost and most delicate specimens to thoso of almost colossal size, whoso massive fronds formed a roof tree sufficient to protect a party of 30 from the fierce rays of the sun. Tho work of the vandal, however, is apparent on every hand, and ruthless devastation of nnture's beauty spots 'Heems to be the order of tlio day. With firo and hntchot the settlers have been pursuing their avoca tions. Hero and thoro one's gorge rises at tho sacrilege committed ; by no other name can the destruction be stigmatised. For the sake of an acre of grass covered with water in the winter the loveliest fern glens, the most romantic and sequestered glades, have been sacrificed, and the scorched and blackened remains of charming nooks, replete with all the poetry of unrificd nature in her softest moods, stand like ghosts appealing to the better feelings of tho wayfarer. The workings of the Kanbrook Coal Company were reached about 11 a.m., and by this time tho party had been joined by quite a host of equestrians, including several young iadieB, who, in. their red plush caps and smartly trimmed hats and flowing garments, lent an additional charm to the scene. The workings were found on tho opposite side of the creek, at the foot of a steep hill. A tunnel bad been driven in about 30 feet, and a shaft near by sunk to the extent of somo 50 feet with the ob ject of tracing down two scams of coal, oach about a foot in thickness, and which soemed to he converging to tho point reached. The seams are vertical and are plainly discorniblo in tho face of the adit or tunnel. All round tlio face of the rango similar scams, though smaller in size, may be observed running down the perpendicular side of tho range, thus demonstrating the violence of the uphoaval of tho coal measures at this spot. Iu the upward tendency they aro said to enter tho hill, and penetrate through to the Wild Dog Creek, distant a couple of miles in a westerly direction, where many seams have been discovered cropping out upon the surface. Tlio coal is bituminous, scaly and laminated, and so soft and friablo as to bo easily crushed between the fingers, clearly the result nf vol. canic action. A smithy's forge was extern- porised for the occasion, and the coal seemed well adapted for smith's work, as it burned bright and steadily, giving forth an immense heat even in tho hot glare of the sun. Somo tons of the coal wore lying on the grass, and had been there doubtless for somo tirno, as they exhibited all tho deteriorating effeots of exposure to the weather. It seemed amusing to find that oven in this remote region there should exist fierce contention and Pedlingtonian acrimony over the ownership of the land on which tho coal was found. Ono company, headed by a Sir. Stills, claims rights to tho area whicli holds the shaft ; the other, represented by Sir. J. J. Bignoll and Sir. C. B. Williams, owns tho tunnel, although both are only separated by a few feet of earth. The parties to the feud render the Sfontagues and Capulets every day sort of peoplo, and the junction of the two seams' already mentioned may bo looked forward to as the sequel for open warfare, with plenty of work for the lawyers. Such divisions must bo deprecated, as success in establishing the coal bearing charactor of the district can only ho achieved by mutual and woll directed efforts. If, as seems probable, thore should he found a con junction of sevoral seams, and one of 3 feet or 4 feet be discovered, tho result will havo a most important bearing on tho future of the district. A tramway might easily ho run from the mine to the township, and small colliers might load witli facility from the end of the pier. If favor able reports wero received no doub't the Govorn mont would be willing to oo-operato with pri vate enterprise, and soon population would bo attracted to tho spot. In the afternoon tho commissioners sat in the diningroom of Gosney's Hotol to take evidence. There was a large attendance of local residents, and the utmost interest was manifested in the proceedings. Sir. Uhnrlos L. Forrest presided, there being also present SIcssr3. WoodB, Groom, L. L. Smith, Slason and Clark, SI. L.A's. ; Sir. Bent, Sir. Andrews, Sir. Taverner and Mr. Slurphy, 5I.L. A.'s, wore also present, together with Professor M'Coy, Sir. Reginald Slurray, Mr. Davidson (Inspector-General of Public Works), Sir. Williams (secretary to the oommission), and others from Sfolbournc. The local witnesses wore first examined. Sir. J. J. Bignoll deposed to having spent many years prospecting in the Capo Otway Forest, and having discovered many seams of coal of good quality, giving descriptive particulars of the mine visited earlier iu the day, urging the necessity for a drill being sent to tho district to boro for coal. Sir. C. B. Williams, secretary of the company for whom Sir. Bignoll worked, stated that about £500 bad already boon sunk in tho mine by his directors, but they wero anxious to persevere until tho ground had been thoroughly tested. Sir. R. A F. Slurray declared that his visit to the district confirmed the opinion he had previously formed, but it was left to Sir Fred. SI 'Coy to rouso tho enthusiasm of tho inhabi tants. He stated with all tho solemnity and impressiveness of mannor which so oharac- terisos him that tho many thin scams found on tho coast wore indicative of a vast and valuable ooal field further inland in settled country. The measures lying in the vicinity of the coast had boen "faulted" by upheavals, hut the defects would disappear as the seal oil parties penetrated further into tho interior. Ho believed that an extensive basin of rioh bituminous coal would ultimately ho discovered not far from tho locality that would be of immense value to the district and the whole colony. In order to find it boring should bo proceeded with undor the direotion of a geological survoyor, who would be able to indicate tho propor sites for the drills. Tlio remarks of tho professor wero reoeived with loud cheers by the residents, who by this time had overrun tho hotol and thronged tho approaches. Later on, somo of the members visited the stono quarries situated a couplo of miles to the west of tho township, whioh are being worked by the Kranbrook Company with excellent results. The material consists of closely grained sandstono of a bluish grey color, capable, it would seem, of a polish, and more easily worked than tho ordinary freestone. The Pacific Hotel, which is built with this stono, looks light and hand some, without that heavy and forbidding aspect usually imparted by bluestone or granite. In the evening a publio meeting was held in the store attachod to tho hotel to oon- sider what stops should be taken to bring tho wants of the district more promi nently bofore the Government. Sir. Forrest and Sir. J. H. Connor wore asked to attend, which they readily assented to do. As tho speeohes wore expected to be of more than ordi nary importance and fervor, a deputation was appointed to sally forth in scarohot a shorthand writer, hut as the experts from tho metropolis did not partako of the zeal whicli animated the villagers, tlio project of rendering imperishable tho ovening's eloquence had to be abandoned. Frem what could be gleaned, however, it would appear that tlio views of tho rosidonts indicated aesthetic rather than practical tendencies. They were most anxious that tho beach approach should be levelled and planted with shrubs and flowers, and a handsome csplanado laid out whore the elite of tho neighborhood could take thoir ovening's walk and enjoy the ocean's zephyrs, the stars and all that, All these fine imaginings wero strangely at variance with the fact that the secretary of tho commission was billed the following morning for fivo dozen tins of sardines, alleged to bo con sumed in or taken from the store where the meeting was hold. As tho State funds, how ever, had not been voted to tho commission for encouraging a taste for preserved sprats amongst tho worthy Apolloitos, Sir. Connor, 5I.L.C., offered to pay his portion of the ex pense incurred ; Mr. Forrest, the other repre sentative, undertaking to do likewise. Fortu nately, it subsequently transpired that tiie quantity eaten had beon exaggerated, and that tho oxoitoment that prevailod at tho meeting was entirely due to other and more oxhilaratiug causes. Apollo Bay was loft after breakfast on Wed nesday, tho 4th inst., and soon the Lady Looh was steaming away eastward to Loutit Bay, where stands the new fashionable watering plaoe, Lome. The weather was glorious, a regular Australian summordny, the clear blue sky mirrored in the dancing waves around the little steamer as Bho forged ahead at the rate of 12 knots an hour. The hold coast line, formed by lofty hills intersected by deep ravines and gnllies, and covered for tho greater part with timbor, through which at intorvals water fails and rapids might be seen as tho sparkling, stream leaped and splashed from rock to rook, until it reached creeks below. Hero and there patches of laud were cleared, and an occasional hut gavo signs of extending settlement. It was a beautiful and ex hilarating panorama, and tlio light breeze that tempered the heat of the Bun gavo an added zest to tlio enjoyment. Lome was reached about noon; Arrangements had beon made to dine at the Pacific Hotel, and the passengers wore landed in front of that palatial structure, tho boat having been beached, the better to facilitate disembarkation, Somo hours later n mooting for taking evidenoe was held at tlio frco library, situated about a milo from tlio hotol on a torraoo half way up tlio hill to tlio rear of tho township. Somo small coal speci mens of good quality, found at Bon warren, in tlio neighborhood, were oxhibited, and the Rev. Sir. Lovo, an amateur but enthusiastic geologist, and other residents >woro examined. Nothing of a practical nature, howovor, had been attempted to test tho value of the seams in tho locality, but tho residents woro emphatic in their expressions of opinion as to the number and probable extent of tlio coal soams of tho distriot. Sir Frederiok SI'Coy, when questioned by the chairman (Sir. Forrest), reiterated the statement made tho previous day that thoso scams wliioh had beon reforred to formed tho outer edge or margin of tlio great basin of coal whioh should bo tried for by means of boring fur ther inland. About midnight the Lady Looh woighed anchor, and Thursday morning saw her onca more at tho Port Slelbourue Pior ; a large seotion of the party, however, remaining bohind with tho moinbors of the railway com mittoo at Lome. 