London Needle Women.-The womee enased in the shirt trade are to the full as ill off, as badly paid, and as much to be pitied as were their sisters inl the lday whenl Itrod sang their sorrows and suflerings. The wo man who is sollely dependent upo)tl lop shirt making starves rather than lives by it. Sihe soon becomes in very deed. The seamnstress, lean and weary and wan, With only tile ghosts of garments on, who, In poverty, hunger and dirt, Sews at once rwitll a dtulrre thread A shroud as well as a shirt. Hlappily, many of tire shirt hands are not whollyv dependernt upon the earnin-g of their needle. Numbers of the married women rof tihe poorer classes work at tile shirt trade with a view to supplementing the scanty wages of their hurrsband and the additional income thus gained, though it may be but three or four shillinLgs n week, sensibly in creases tile comfort rf the household. Con sidering the wretched prices paid for the wtlk, the surprising thing is that tile women ho)ldl earn even so tnuch at it as somle of therm do. Take the buttona.holing - a letaling branch of the work. The boles are roullgl punched in the factories the work of tile outdoor hands being tr stitich them round. This button holing is almittedly " niggling" work, and yet the rate ot which it is paid for by the sweaters is n penny per dloze etllars. Ars each collar has three holes, the hand, bho finds her own needle and cotton, has to stitch thirthy-six holes for penny. dven so, some of the ex piets, by working long hours, by rising catty on nmmerrmorningsb nod sitting Ilate on \\\'lnter nights, by living on food that is "realy to be put into the mouth," oicielly bread ndr.butter, and eating as theyework by acting on these lines soma of the button iolers willlear ano much as eight or nino shillings per week. The prices paid by the manufactururs who give istuot in the tiat instance are probably such as would enable a skilled and industrious bond to make n living:;wag : but as matters stand such men are almost compelled to employ middlomen, and the tender mercies of the sweater are cruel, 1Ivoryomnanof broans makes some kind of lifl purpose for himself. 'He ets geoal before llas yes and "goes for it." The goal may be worth striving for or It may not. The way to it may be compatible with health and happiness or it may not. These aro points for tihe man himself to deter. mine. Pupil : "Why does thle avoirdupois syer totrn true no scruples "' Prof. .Iodder: " Because, my boy, It's eusd to weigh coal and cle." Satloty Is acute reaction. Pleasure, like bubbles, tloats on Illhe surface; those who drink deep imbibe bitternenss 