SCRAPS FROM MY NOTE BOOK.. A chlel's aiming ye takin' notes. An' faith, he'll print 'em. A Scotchman Is credited with being tbe author of the above quotation, and though he dearly loved the land o' cakes, and its people, yet he so admirably understood human nature, ttiat, although by birth a Scotchman, and notwithstanding tlut the sentiments of his comprehensive mind found expression in his native tongue, he was a child of Daturo and in mind akin to the who'e human race. Well does ho speak for the universal heart when ho breaks ont in glorification of the banks and braes of his native land— ... .. Wboso echoes roll from soul to soul, And grow for ever, .and for .e.ver. And 'tis a faot that with the name of Robert Burns has tho truth of those poetical lines been established. His name is of world wide reputation, while his sayings are of universal application. It is not my intontioo, however, to givo a dissertation on the Scotch bard, but merely to acknowledge my des ciplcship, in the faot that osintbo days of old, " a ohiel is still among ye takin' notes," As to whether " the chiel will print 'em," depends npon whether they pass muster when the copy is being consigned to tho editor's waste-paper box. The connection I claim with no loss a celebrity than " Bobbie" should be a sufficient qualification: So, nil desperandum , and here goes. . . Well, 'Mr Editor, my notlpo , was called tho otbor day. to the 'pretlluess of Avoca' scenery, and, although, I confess I Imd to give my eyes a rub firet, still I am beginning to behold something out of tho common order of things in and around the Sweot Valo. Whether my vision will ultimately soar into tho regions of the beautiful, of course it would beidle for me to prognosti cate. Nevertheless I am convinced, thank's to my nbservaot friond for awakening mo to tho fact of its existence, that, after all, there is something both in tho situation and appearance of Avoca that' places it from a picturesque standpoint in a fir superior posi tion to roost country towns. For instance, it doai not bear tho tnalleo stamp upon its soil, for oven in the summer one can behold green Holds and pastures, while in tho aver age country town this is only a privilege to bo enjoyed in the winter time, and then at the expanse of boing lost in mild. Again, it has a rustic appearance about it that links one's mind witli Old English country scones, and would afford abundance of; work for tbe pen of no less a distincuishcd descriptive writer than the "Vagabond." Oh yes, Avoca hath its charms, and natural charms too, for forsooth ! its inhabitants do not appear to tako much trouble in tending to its artificial boautitying. By-tho-way, Avoca reminds mo of a certain seaside town, which, in spite of it pretty surroundings, was nick named " Sleepy Hollow." on account of the general inactivity of its inhabitant. I should ho sorry to stigmatise Avoca by such an appel lation, but I can only Bay the opportunity is a tempting ono. However, it is to bo hoped the Avoca people will wake lip froui their lethargy, and witli the eageroesB of a dreamer of a Melbourne Cup winner ex- olaim "Progress! Progress!"-' Not until then will the Vale of Avoca 'tegniu its old prestige. In fact I heiioro tho' S weel Vulley would then so blossom forth;' that its frag rance would be shed ubroud far'an-l wide, so that its old sweetness would only ho roriiem- bercd as a dim foreshadow of the glorious reality tlmt would then he; realised. The tiist point oh udvbntuge to ho noted, I 'think, should he the river, 'which is always a valuable adjunct to any town, anil'.wliilo it .may lie in soino.purticuliira fat. fioiu.wIi.ut iB desirable in a liver, yet- -limb-fact .-by no. means decides thn question' ns'Vto '.its useful ness. Natural defect, as 'a .rule, 'is onlylnn incentive to gain perfection'' with' /'man's in- goouity' and skill, and 'why'-cpiild vnot -the Avocu River be so improved : that it would bo a pleasure to visit its slm-led nboks, wliiie uvou it is possible that, in some purls it might be enlarged so as to be made nuvigable, and . thus admit of tlio iicultlif ill exercisoof row ing to be indulged in by our yo.ung mon — young women, too, for- tlrot mutter— and, possibly, a socond Searlo : might be tho out come. Who will dure to question , that' such' ia iunongst possible oveiits? But bdforo this can bo brought about the river will re quire to be Hnagged (which hy-tlra-by has been done to several of the Gippsland rivers) and in the sweet by-nnii-hy,wlien the Coun cil is no longer haunted by tlio ghost of an empty exchequer, or when the Progress As- Bociation deveiopoB into a full blown muni cipal body, witli a galloping mn(yo)r-e to make the pace, then— the river might bo widened down stream, briats- -built,- sheds erected, and rowers singingluiorrily— '' See our oars, with feathered spray," ota. Tlio subject ib too good to dwell on, perhaps, to ubb a "Gillios" , phrase " 'Tib too thin." I fancy I hear my . blimp of imagination cracking, Mr Editor, so that I shall take tlio tip and change the subject before a dis aster takos placo and my pleasant vision vanishes. ' As I liintod before Avoca has always struck me at) boing behind the timeB — that, is the impression gained from my acquaintance with, the town, and I am by no means a New Ohutu to tlio district. It is therefore' no mere assertion on the part of a;, stranger. I have po doubt also, tlmt' tlie groat majority of the inhabitants will agree with me that Avooa is notwirat it might have been and should bo. It is, comparatively speaking, an. old town, and tho chief centre of a large and important shire, and yet we find more recently settled places have risen into prom'inepoo and stand far before Avoca. Of course the town has had, and still has, its drawback's. The land, around appoars to bo oh.iefiy dovoted to tho rearing of stock. No doubt. tho owners have good reasons for confining their attentions to grazing j but if it pays them it certainly does not tend to establish a district like (In direot cultivation of tho soil. Tlio minor' has served his day and generation chiofly by opening up tho coiintry, and he certainly de serves, and goneraliy haa '.recei ved substan tial credit for it. But when tho yellow metal is not to be found, tlien a district lias to fall back on its agriculture, and inethinks if there were more farmers and less stock growors around Avooa it; would bo in a more prosperous condition than what we find it to- coureo there 'are' many cases in which mining has not only made a town but continues to make it. '' To such a place mining is truly the backbone. As far as Avoca is concerned, liowover. that industry is at present at a standstill, with but poor prospects of a revival, although it would be idle to say that the various reefs ere worked out. What has been wanting in the piist in my humble opinion, and ihat of many others wustlio judicious application of tho money in hand. Now tlrot that liua' flown, of course, the first requisite at present is money. Do not past records warrant the introduction of foreign capital into the district? 0 that a Midas Queen would come along thro way. W ouldn't alio be a welcome visitor I I won der whether the . present lady of tlrot title would be treated as royally as she was on her visit to 8t. Arna'ud. There she was en tertained by the nabobs of the town and conducted in princely fashion to one of the then leading mineB, while (if I learn aright) she doffed the "-distinguishing char acteristics " of the othe; sex for the purpose of facilitating lier.inspectiori of it. However the foreign element did not arrive as I understand the mine in' question has siuco given up Die ghost, and . is at rest Sfo m the V wearying toil of tlio minor. If the Golden Stream is closed for an "indefinite" period, that is no reason why the others should be idle too. The Avooa peoplo must agitate for the further uae of the diamond drills and go in for a big slice of the next prospeoting vote. Surely Avoca is entitled to participate in the scramble for the good thiugs as well as other Plaifind I have drifted away from my original proposition, and so muBt return to it, re Avoca being behind the times. I refer more par- ticulurly to the want of a water and gas supply. It appears tho former subject has already troubled the brains of our townsmen, but whether the plans of tho soheme are in process of decay through old ago and for want of use, is a matter tlrot now requires to be considered. If t'.18 PlaIW woro .rea,|y drawn up for a reservoir amongst the hills, or clouds, or some other part of God's oartli, or off of it, why is it not proceoded with? Or do the authorities intend to await the develop ment of tha Yankoo notion of causing ram by tlio explosion of dynainito. If rain can be produced by Bonding a chargoof dynamite in the air (where it is supposed to go when no olonds are visible Is a matter that only a Yankee Is qualified to speculate upon) then, of oouree, it revolutionises water supply soheraing, and, in fact, dooi away with reser voirs and weirs, and as for praying for rain why that will belong to tbe dark ages of the past. To be serious, however, and to put Yankoo notions, and all that appertains to Yankee Land, asldo for the -moment, may I ask is it ever likely that Avooa will have its arieota reticulated , with. water pjpes durrying the precious fluid to the inhabitants. Echo answers in the same strain— Will It ever ? But tho gas question is anothor matter alto, gother. There is money in it, and to bo made too. It is a somewhat surprising thing that a placo liko Avooa has not possessed a gasworks ore this. I know of places smaller than Avooa tlrot are lit with gas, and at a pro fit, There is gold in tho gas bag, as witness, for instanoc, many of our well-to-do M's.P, Now, as to whether a town 1b lit with gas goes a long way towards deciding an outsider's opinion of It. whtle as sn illuminating power in business places it is an advantage both for its superior light and ooonomy as com pared witli the old oil light. Besides it is only a matter of time wlion gas finds favor with tho hoiiBokeopor, and thus its use becomes genera, the price is lowered, and shareholder and conBiimor rejoice together. It is unusual to boar of a gas company "exploding," not withstanding the combustible nature of its works, but without an cxceptioo I believe they always pay their way, and generally in a handsome manner. I would earnestly advise tho townspeople to consider the matter, and I am euro tlrot after a fair aod square considera tion they will sec with the writer that there is money in tha proposal, or, according to tho latest saw brought to light by the - Hon. J . B. Pattorton, they will find tlrot it will put a " chickon in tlio pot." I ain afraid, Mr Editor, my lengthy epistle will weary you, and after all it will disappear into that plaoe so well-known to the printer's 'devil, ' whose great delight.is to Bland by and help the greedy flames to devour rejected M.S. without ever so much as a tour in l»ia eye, so I shall haatily conclude by appen ding my signature — ' \- ( OBSERVER. 