? ^ ? f -.- , h ; ? ;- - - VvVEpREST^iitNG,:-;;'-' Or, Rigging the Market. The. practice of forostallingihe market is' always looked upon as n. reprohonsible onoby -5wnei|s of horses, and'doubtless it is' such. The most comical -part- of the biisiness,'. however; , is,. that the public,' too always blamed for stepping in arid securing the long odds, while tho odium of the charge should bo laid on tho shoulders of numerous metalliciaris. It is ridiculous to suppose thatprivatepoopleare so ill-advised and venturesome as to exhausttho market on any horse. True they are blamejvble for having a 'finger in tho pie, but it must be understood that they '. aro '. lured and led ? in ' the majority of cases by bookmakers, who for reasons best known to themselves take tho responsibility of introducing horses into the betting with the intention of leading backers to believe that through the odd3 shortening the sup port has either coma direct, from' the owner or tho stable. When tho favorites are firmly established — though the majority! of \ bookmakers may not have written thoir names — tho public are attracted thoroby, nibble away with great persistency, and in ninety-nine cases out of a- hundred have not the ghost of a show of winning. That is one way of forcing trade, and a sure ono too. Another stylo resorted to,, and really- 'forestalling,' is for- a coterie of niets. to band themselves together, and take, all the available money about certain horses known to have good chances in certain races, with the set purpose of doling at out at shorter prices and effect tho 'hedging ?' trick. That this practice is a lucrative ono goes without saying, otherwise it would not be so persistently indulged in. Year in and year out inordinary important handicaps, say such as a. Sydney Cup, Metropolitan Stakes, or Hawkesbury Handicap, the wailing of owners is to be heard both long and loud, and in many instances the forestaller is unearthed and compelled to disgorgo from his capacious book certain amounts at fair pricee or otherwise, run tho risk of backing a 'non-starter., But it neyor happens that tho pvlilia am- tho culprits. Wero'that so tho owner would find that tho races would bo over and gone before he could get what he thinks a fair amount at a fair rate of odds. Its the shark that swallows the big bait, not tho thousands of small fish who are content to risk £1, £S, or oven £5, and take tho chances of which they know nothing into tho bargain. People wo are aware hold fast to the belief that horses are to an extent public property once they are entered for a race. That opinion we sharo with them to a great degree. In saying that we lean to the conviction that they should be far more so than they are, as the public who support horso racing and have to pay so dearly for' it, should have a' great deal more consideration ? shown them than is now tho case. At tho same time it cannot bo denied that it is very galling and annoying for an owner to bo forestalled, and be unable to get, as is too frequently the case, little or nothing about his horse. Few owners, wo think, would begrudge tho public a win, but when they do not, and are blamed for; anticipating the racehorso proprietor, then it is time the matter was laid fully amVfairly before, the gazo of the world. Tho fallacy has been too long entertained by many) hence our reason for explaining it. Bookmakers have unlimited opportunities for balancing up their accounts, to say nothing of the chances of the ever-present outsider crop ping up and bringing grist to their mills. With, plenty of betting, hedging, laying dead 'uns (as the undertaker is styled in the ring), surely they can afford to make ends meet, and not persist in attempting to succeed in frightening good .' horses and owners out of tho field. ? Wo would recommend them to desist, feeling assured that it would work beneficially all round. With a life of luxury, ease, and affluence they should' be satisfied, without resort ing to forestalling tactics, for which the public are aspersed, and of which they are not guilty. Tho following description of the race won in England by Mons Meg will bo read with interest: — 'The contestants for the Gold Vase, two miles, were reduced to three, namely — Mons Meg Ost 121b, Nunthorpe 9st 41b, and Padua 8st 131b. Nunthorpe was an even-money favorite, 5 to 4 could be got about tho Australian filly, while Padua was quoted at io to 1. Padua cut out tho work at so. strong a pace that Nunthorpo was in troublo a milo from home. - Nevertheless he ran most gamely under difficulties right up to the last; but though he wore Padua down, ho had not the ghost~of achanco with tho old-fashioned, Australian-bred Mons Meg, who, running like a true stayer, won easily by six lengths in ;3min 41 l-5sec. The Jamboroo Tnrf Club havo decided to hold thoir annual races on September 30 and October 1. ? ; . ' ' ? The Hon. W. A. Long purchased The Minor for JJIOO after hia viotory in the Eobo hill Soiling Eace., ...'.. The death is announced of John Keating, who was private trainer to Mr. J. Whitting ham, of Mordialloc. ? ' Whilo competing in the Eosehill Steeple ohase tlio- Now Zealand horse Takapu severely injured himself and hia rider. 