> BSiiLiBM 'FOR^HE MTEP2YISH8.;, A Sketoh of the Municipal and Water Trusts' >1 League'Meeting, and of the after pro '* oeedings Before'the Minister. . . [BY J. W. P.] _ Mom, if ever, ! suppose, was- room No 10 at the Town.Hall, Melbourne, BUed with a mor.o truly representative gathoting of men than on Wednesday lust. The section JJ.:..#1® . represented was the farmors; and 6Keir delegated,'members of the Shires and Trusti of the colony, aasem bled from points BO far apart as Shepparton r' ,SiV*n' and Uippshnd. IntaU fifty Counci'lora' and1 Commissioners, the spokesmen of thirtyifour losal .bodies, sab in Conference, and the felfc importance or the proceedings waB indicatedJ. by the .presence'from 'fimo to time of' membe'ra'of both branches of the Legislature, Press re portera were neither excluded, nor invited, and fchfiy ,were accordingly conBpiouous ,by their absence. ^A oiroumatanas which has operated as an .inducement to me to furnish to fche Wimmcm Star suchV;" sketch'"' of thp events, of ithe.timeaBl.cati do from memory. It ib nob my. purpose fco detail the dry technicalities of the business^ theyvhaving beeri' as fully and efficiently < set', but aa .possible by Mr .Warn in* his minutes of the . meeting, whioh are printed, and which; I presume, will be published. j-- :At JbB preliminary meeting on the 2nd of April, eleven shires only were represented, biit now,this contingent was, added to by the delegates fro.ro thirteen Irrigation,.and.eight i Wuter. Works Trusts, making up the* total, of I :8overIiipg.' bodies before . mentioned. Siioh a sweeping iafusion of-new blood into the. cdnatitution of the ^league .rendered it desirable, of course^, that the business of the( initial meeting should be gone through from the commencemeat, and a proposal to that effect was^ unanimously assented to. ; Taken in its order, the first question dealt wjth was that of " differential rating," the object being 41 to relieve from taxation those who are in no way benefitted," and shift the unjust burthen whioh theae people at preaent bear, on to the right ahouldera, differentiat ing the rate BO,as toenable it to fall heavily, with medium weighty or lightly, upon persons who, reap large, moderate, or but. little advantage. It was no such easy t*ak to draft a clause, with a view to its insertion in the proposed Amending Water Act,which would meet the full justice of the case, Everyone was agreed that people unbone fitted should bo untaxed,, but the difficulty was to draw an equitable line,' 'and; to give effective^ expression to a plan of individual differential rating, going that length. It will be remembered that the Minister of Water. Supply when in the Wimmera Dis tnct pointed out (as I believo he did every where throughout his recent tour) that the present Act provides for differential rating by means of an arrangement into ' classes,<' or by creating 'divisions' lor rating purposes .{yule sections 99 and 100); but ib was .answered to this that these provisions did not gp far enough, because the same injustice might, and would occur in as large a propor *100-Of .uidividual cases within a * class' or division, as occurs'within the entire area of a wster supply district; and,, besides all this, there is no possibility of actual exemp tion from rating where no benefit can be proved under the divisional or class systems. To meet the difficulty a draft clause was sub» nutted by the Wimmera Shires, whioh will found in the printed minutes, the princi ple* being to graduate a rate of so much in .tne pound, according to distanc9 from stor age of different relative values. Thus, under ,the Bliding scale, if a Is rate were struck, the maximum of Is in the £ would be levied .only on the' most benefited ; Od.on those gaining less advantages frjm water supply j 6d still lower down on the scale, while those .out of, distance' would not be rated at all. & cou*'"i °^appeal is provided for to which ratepayers can atfply to have their grade.fixed, ^ or to.be placed in the. exempt olass, according as the evidence! in their par ticular,cases would, warrant. The suggested amendment upon the proposal of the Wim mepa Shires was that the Trusts should no longer work upon the municipal valuators, but make individual \aluations for them selves upon the basis of benefit obtained ?rom water supply. Those unbenefitted not to be vulued. The court of appeal provision also to apply. The majority held, however, thnt double valuations would lead to com plications^ and the original motion was even tually carried as being the more satisfactory, and less complex proposal ofthe two. It waSj,admitted that the new' HyBtem would necessarily entail more office work upon the Trusts .for certain months of the year, but this was held to be a small consideration, when compared with the comfort of being able to give relief and satisfaction to the general body of ratepayers. One incident of the discussion is worth special notice, as showing that no contingency which might arise out of the proposed change in the system of rating was lost sight of by the league. It was remarked-" Well, now BUppoBe that this differential rating, allowing some tip escape altogether, makes irrigation too. expensive an experiment for thoBe placed m the highest grade-What fcheu ?" The answor came quickly enough in the shape of a second. question-u Which ia the more just to continue to make po r people who gain nothing pay : for tho experiments of those using an artificial water aupply, or to come upon tho Sbibe bo make up thedifici ency ?" But besides this answer it will be that* the large concessions whioh the Minister is favorably disposed t-) maffe will effectually prevent irrigation operations from bamg^too expansivo to anyone durirg the experimental stages of its applicntion, while the .relief to the ratepayers will be sub stantial all round. Next in order oamo the proposal thnb the stock mul domestio supply ivnrka should bo ro-valued, and iufcjrepfc only charged upon tho preaent actual worth of tho works, the sinking fund payments to be deferred for a period of ten years. The importance of this concession will be nt onoe. seen, when it is remembered thHt the \Vestern Wimmera Irrigation and Water Supply Trust claim that £145,000 of their indebtedness fco the State is fairly apportionablo to the Depart menti of Stock and Domestio Supply. Only imagine tho reduction upon this vast sum whioh would ensue were it cut down to the actual worth of the stook and domestio sup ply,,works; Buch worth to bo ascertained by re- valuation,, The resolution under this heid, whioh appears in tho minutes, is the work of Mr VV T Webb, member for Eodney, j who, however, appeared ufc the League meeting in his capacity us a Commissioner or the Cumpaspe Trust. Mr Webb waB in full flow of an outpouring of eloquenoe, when the Hon. W Madden entored the room and became a listener for the tirno being. Tho argumontB which the framerof the reso lution used wore twofold, and were put with much force. In the first place he pointed out that tho Water Supply Works ofthe colony had cost enormously moro than thoy ought to have cost, owing, as he said, to un intentional engineering blunders. The esti mates were also, in almost' every caBe, terribly out when compared with tho ultimate expenditure. Nnr did the speaker go out side of his own constituency to illustrate and point tho morsl of his observations. One eximplo ho gave was that of tho Goulbourn JVuir, the first estimafco for the structure *^,000, tho second £20,000, tho third £30,000, the fourihonel think ho Biid about £80,000, while it was now apparent that the work could not bo completed under £200,000. The ratepaysrs joyfully accepted tho first proposal, feeling that the obligations to be incurred were small, as com pared with tho benefits fco accrue. They also less willingly, but persutdod by their ro« preventatives, agreed to estimates of £20,000 and £30,000,respectively ; 'but I ask you, gentlemen,1 said Mr Webb, 4 whether, if wo 'had to tell the people at the beginning that the coat of thje \yo^ would be *5200,000, wo had the ghost of V show to start the Eohuou arid Warang^ Trust.'/'Th«jpeople were mis* load,'he argiied, and itheir claim ior a revalua tion waa a just and equitable one. In th - Booond plaoo, he instanced the heavy con cessions made by the Govornment of the country to oity consumers of water. Only the other day, the property in the Yan Yean was handed over to the Metropolitan. Board of-Works at half the original-cost to the country. In the same way concessions were made to Geelong to Ballarat andlin'cbn- o' neotion- with the Ooliban Scheme,, whioh . amounted, in effect; to re-valnatidris. Thetel'' fore what was asked for wafl no new depar ture. It was to be borne in mind, too, that the] large oonpession quoted were made to centres whioh were more consumers of water withou'; production, whereas the concession! now asked for: were in. favor ;of country.-;' sdinmes where the wntor supply added to the -. produce of the country, and wasexpeotedto do so in a very much larger degree. ?.-:su ' The Honorable' Walter Madden'took ad. ; " vantage ofapause to say that'he presented ' himself for the purpose of (offering hia^ services to the league in the w.iy of intro ducing the deputation, of the following day, to the Minister, or in any other manner tHnt' / he! could be useful. He. also went on to . make further remarks, atatiiij}. that no man more than himself had the true and best interests of the farm&rs; at heart, ;.' bnt' (and"' here hia word3 were slowy uttered with studied.;' olearness of artioulation and with almost-' bitter emphases) ' I would warn,yon against '1'' listening to Btump orators, wHo woiild preaoh the gospel of repudiation.' Mr Madden, ia'.' gifted with considerable natural ? histriohio' ability, and he."usedit. .- The meeting' jwa»; given to understand that at the proper time and in the proper way the farqaera would get all they could reasonably desire, 'bnt if , 'repudiation' were attempted 1 they would:' get nothing. Evidently the speaker intended to make an impression. He did more.'' ''He ? created a sensation which made ! itself apparent after he had left the ! room, - The inoident was'viewed by different listeners in different, lights, one remarkable fact being that the word ' repudiation' was never uttered In the room till Mr Madden uttered'!' it. The unexpected bomb shell : was ; so directly pointed, too, that it was something like Oodlin is your friend, and not Shoit However, the even tenor of the business iwasi resumed, and the sensation died out;; .only, however, to re-assert itself at the close of the proceedings, as will be Been later on. There was no division of opinion . on .the... motion, and one gentleman Baid he/cjuly hoped that Mr Webb would have the"cour»ge to deliver himself in the Bame terms before,, the Minister. ' j In connection with the water Biipply fur domestic purposes and stock, Messrs Cuntts and Kel'y carried a motion to ' permit! ahii e., councils to take over'the'works in. cert >11'' cases and carry them on with one stt'of ., officers under the provisions of the IJOC:1,,, Government Act. This, however, was .a*.-, plained to refer only to small schemes which, could be easily managed, and in cases where the irrigation and domestic supplies were not' mixed. Then oame on the large question of the d»'y, namely, the proposal that no interest'> be' charged on irrigation loans for a period vf ten years from the'date of the advancing of' 1 each individual loan. The chief argumeui adduced was that stated in the first words .if the motion, viz, "In view of the great in» crease of national production .which may'., reasonably be expected to accrue upon irri gation . entei priae." It was pertinently; re-r mniked that although the population of the' colnrij had largely increased, no increase of production was visible during the la8t iifu-en ; years. The state of things indicated by these facts was not healthy, and if it continued to exist the country would be landed in a bad financial position. It was further argued that the concession asked for'should be granted to the farmers, because the initiation of irrigation was expensive, and the industry had a much stronger and more "legitimate claim to State aid than the miners had for the continuance of the prospecting vote ; of course, a good deal of the ground was gor.e over again that had been traversed' during the' discussion upon the proposal for re-valu ation. A common understanding was even tually come to; the league's programme of the 2nd April being finally adopted, with the addition of a resolution to reduce the annual rental under the head of leases for pumping,, from £5 to £1. The day having been fully, i ocoupied, other business, including oritiaisniR.;: upon proposals by the Western Wi in mora Irrigation and Water Supply Trust, was de . ferred to be taken at a future meeting. > Now again, before rising, thete burst out1' a: further reference to that ugly word repudi- ' ation. Since Mr Mudden's ironical reference'! to the thing as a "gospel," the feeling to ' repudiate repudiation had been .simmering,' and at last it boiled over, finding vent in the.j" following rest lotion by Messrs Williams, and Kelly :-" I'hut this conference d«aires:,to assure the Government that- they (the oonfer^. ence) has no symsthy with those persona who accuse the Irrigation Trusts of any intention to repudiate their just liabilities, as the Trust) have no Buch dishonorable intention The conference regard thoso persons as the enemies of the poo.ile, who would try t ? de preciate the value of tho lands of the'clo y ~ for thoirown s.lliuh ends." 0.liner- annuvita prevailed, however, it being arg'ied th>t f.ir the league to excuse itself would bet > accuse itself; Besides the word hid not emanate 1, from the league, and an agitation for aif alteration of the law, on the grounds Btatjd, /; and in view of the precedents quoted, Was.a, [ proper and righteous movement If the con oessions asked for met with the approval, of Parliament and the country, the granting of them by enictment could iri'nb sense" lit) construed into repudiation by the Trusts »f their liabilities. Before tho Minister on Thursday, thi -11; ? tire strength of tho delegates appeared, aiil,;,i by tho presence of thirteen : inenibtira v "f Parliament, five of whom belonged. to'; til^ j Upuer House. Printod programmes of tho business were furnished, and the Honnrahl, Walter Madden introduced the-depu'tttioii The mombers of the Upper HoUse ' wei'rtH Messrs' Young, Pratt, Coutts.Highettr Sternberg, and there may have been OtlierB , whom I did not know. . ' :/"J President Bushby led off in'support1''of tly> j differential rate prop-jsals, and having..'vi*.. plained the intent and purpose ofthr pch"'ii - that had been drafted, stated thai-. it. fu.iy,,. met with his approval, the reform being onso of the matters ho had been fighting to accom plish" for years. Or Hood followed on the same subject, and wont more into detail re specting the working and effeot of tho proVij posal. The request to concede irrigation loans for ten years without interest was advoc .t-'d".' strongly by President Doherty of the Echuna shiro, and supported by Oom Kavanagh, of the Rodney Irrigation TruBt. Mr Webb reiterated his argument) in favor-., of revaluation in the case of domestic and s stock supply works, and a suspension of the sinking fund payments in tho same depar mont for ten years. Or Kelly, shire of Gordon, went for per mission being granted to shires, in oertain casos, to take over the control and manage- . ment of domestio and stock supply works' And Prosident Oullon, Swan Hill Shirjs,,! ' think it was, who represented the case;hi: favor of reducing the annual rental on.pump ing leases from £6 to £1. Mr Graham, in reply, first of all expressed ', tho pleasure it afforded him to receive no large and so thoroughly representative a deputation in the interests of the farmers, and ho assured his hearers of his entire sympathy with their objects. Ho thought that the formation of the league waB a step in t ho right direction, because it was only by bringing men having a oommoh interest together, and bo exchanging views, that the best means ef effecting improvement) eou'd be arrived at. Respecting tho piopos.il whioh had been l<<id before him for diflorential rating, he had always been in favor of the principle. It was true that tho Aot. provided for it in a measure, but not to tho ostent now suggested. Looking at the proposal sb printed it appeared on the face of it to fulfil nil ihe required conditions and to fully meet the requirement* of the case. Ho undertook to go into the matter more closely, and if on mature consideration his first impressions of the soheme were borne out, tho deputation might depend upon it being embodied in the bill whioh he was preparing for submission to Parliament. Be recognised the foroe of the arguments adduced in the proposal to re-valuo certain works, and his sympathy went with it, because ho was aware of in Btances where it would be only just and reasonable to make such a concession to the ratepayers. He would promise to Uy the matter with all the foroe in his power before his colleagues, and if the matter rested with him the thing would be done; The further request that no interest should be charged" upon Irrigation Trust loans for a period.of ten yearB had also his sympathy, because as it had been well said by Mr Kavanagh, that although irrigation was now only in itB infancy here, it would ultimately boooms d giant, materially increasing the production . and resouroeB of the country. He was aware als". from perional observation; that farmers \ h") were commencing to irrigate land had to lay out a large sum of money'in cutting.minor channels and preparing their land, and he conceded that for this and other reasons the proposal to - dispense with interest payments fora time wis entitled to consideration and attention. As in the matter of the previous request he would promise to aubmit thia to the favorable con-' aidera'.ion of hia oolleagues with a view to make provision for it in the new Bill. One. Btep which he had already taken was to send circulars to the various trusts calling for a return of the expenditure Ijy private per sons on their holdings in preparing^ for irri gation. , Respecting the rrquest to reduce the annual rental of pnmping leases, that was a small matter, but he would look into it and give it every possible considera tion. The Hon. Walter Madden rose and thanked the Minister for the very encourag ing and sympathetic hearing he had accorded to the deputation. He availed himself again of the oppottunity to make a few remarks, and in doing so, he referred to the 'ugly Word.' Again he was the Brat to use it that day in the congregation of men present for theoccAsion. But it is due to Mr Madden to say that he used it, this time in a much more agreeable temper, and that his ex pressions were conciliatory. Much that Mr Webb had advanced, he said he agreed with, but Bome things which dropped from that gentleman he did nut agree with. The principal point which he wished to refer to bb objectionnble in Mr Webb's nddress was his apparent ccnouro of Mr Denkin, wherens MrDeakin had done more than any other man to advance the interests uf the farmers and to promote irrigation. Hera Mr Webb stepped in with a correction. His reference to the lite Ministry in tVie matter waB only thiitthey were blameable for leaving the large question of water supply in an ' uncer tain,' and therefore in an unsatisfactory position. Mr Madden continued that Mr Deakin had done what he could by introduc ing to Parliament a measure whioh meant a. large concession to farmers and irrig itionists, but that measure, as they all knew, wan thrown out by the Upper House. Here let me say that whenevor Mr Mndden made a laudatory reference to Mr Denkin, he was loudly applauded, the evident feeling being one.of deep appreciation of the late Mini ster's services to tho country. But Mr Madden went on to say that whatever happened he was most anxinuB that it Bhould not go forth that the farmers were favorable to repudiation that would be moBt Cu.uag ing. The word 1 repudiation'' and the reference to tho action of the Legislative Council brought a number of speakers to their feet one after tho other. Mr Kelly, in his earnest repudiation, recited the fact of a mction having been put forward at tho league meeting whioh was afterwards with drawn for reasons assigned, and he had just out qf his mouth a reference to the ' little breeze' whioh had ocourred on the previous day, when a depreciatory uplifting of the hand and a gentlo shake of the head from the honorabla member representing tbo Wimmera-stripped him. It had almost slipped my memory to say that at the league meeting, Mr Woi'h characterised the word repudiation as a ' bugbear' rail ed up by- mon who warp not friends of the f »rmera, How ever at last tho subject was exhausted until, as you see, the Mini.tor's turn came. Then followed the effect of Mr Maddcn'B reference to the Upper House, And an excellent eflect it proved to be. First uprose Mr Young, who said that his best efforts and the best effoits of those who acted with him in the Upper House, failed to get Mr Dsakin's measure passed last sessions, for the reason, as he believed, that the question at issue WSB not understood by hiB colleagues. Mr Pratt also admitted, on behaif of the .Legislative Council, that tho House had not understood the question.in all its bearings. Mr Cout's declared that the real reason why the Bill had been thrown out was because it was Bent to the. Chamber entirely too lato to be. considered on itB met its 'But,'sail he.' 'Send up your Bill eatly this time and I will, guarantee that it rooeives every consideration,. because after giving away tho Ytn Yean for almost nothing to tho Metropolitan Board of. Works, I am prepired to believe that the. Upper House will Bee iti way to make almost any concession to tho farmers.' Now.'comes in tho Minister's; reference to the ''ugly word." Through all his recent travels Mr Graham assured his hearers he had not met with one single. Trust , that want^d.ro repudiate. He would go further than that, and say ho had not, in the whole course of Ilia tour, come across one Binglo individual who advocated repudiation. He was quite satisfied that the trusts .were anxious to discharge their just liabilities to thel uttermost farthing ; but he must say that having an intimate personal knowledge of tht'wholo subjoct, ho regirded the legislative concessions now asked for, as just and reason ably upqn the grounds stated. Ho also thought that it would be wisely done if Par liament mado the concessions in the interests of tho country at large,^ He repeated that tho deputation had his own entire sym pathy.' 4. I confesB, Mr Editor, that when 1 left the Minister's. room 1 felt as if tho way had been paved. for Bome substantial good to the Witnmcra ratepo^rs, and I was revolving in my mind whether or . not the.^Bamo view wnuld bo taken by tho councils, the Trust Commifsionors, and the people,; if not, then the whole heart and bottom of my interest to.gofo.tpwn at any future time would b'a " knocked out." We all worked for it. At the. preliminary mooting in the shire hall at Hoishnm, Messrs Bushby, M'Lennan, Stll man, and Ooates, with Mr Warn and myself did good service, a sort of service thit. is never seen but in its effeot. No organisation such as has been formed, no result? such as have been obtained, is at any time possible withjnt tho exorcise of thought, and the expenditure of personal labor. It is duo to the secretary ot tho league (Mr Warn) to say that he worked with a will, and that his exer tions were directed by an intelligence not often found in a man so now to municipal buai nees.- Wimmera Star POUNDS PAID"f6ROLD~STAMPS. MESSRS U. A. V1NDIN and CO., of No. 11 Victoria Arcade, Elizabeth-street Sydney, Btiite that, they nro prepared to purchase any number of old Australian postage stamps used between tho yeais 1849 and 1860, and will pay high priceB (ranging up to i!l each) for good copics of Eoarco kinds.. Any of. our readois having old lottors in their possession, should look them up 'and sond dimples to Messrs Vindin arid Co . for mmtiitions. " ' 3105 GOOD NEWS FOR Till? LADIES. : .ilAPAKE' Somkhset Stini.ky, tho eminent Lady Obsletiician, will shortly visit Echuca. See fu'uro advertisements. Madame Stanley has had 25 years cxpericnco in complaints . of women, and acknowledged tho only competent lady that lias visited tho colonies. She guaran tees to euro in £\cry ease undertaken. Hun dreds of original testimonials, . .which . can be eeqn.by pationts,-[ADVT], "307 