THE CRI1S0I CROSS (By the Author of " Edith Lindsay.") CHAPTER XII. — ROBERT CAREY'S HOME. CHAPTER XIII.- FIFTEEN YEARS . ; AFTERWARDS. CHAPTER XIV.— WHAT FOOLS MEN ...;AREI CHAPTER XV.— HALLOWE'EN. . CHAPTER XVI. — LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. CHAPTER XVII. -UNTIL DEATH US DO PART. CHAPTER XVIII.— A WOMAN'S PHO- . TOGRAPH. CHAPERXIX.- VICTOR GALBRAITH'S PROMISES. CHAPTER XX.— WHO IS SHE? CHAPTER XXI. — AURORA BOLTON'S HEART. CHAPTER XXII. — VICTOR GAL- BRAITH IS SET FREE. CHAPTER XXIIL— LOVE NIPPED IN ' THE BUD. CHAPTER XXIV. — THE END OF THE MATTER. CHAPTER XXV.-" I HAVE NO HUS- BAND." CHAPTER XXVI. — AT NEWNHAM ' HOUSE. CHAPTER XXVII. -BACK FROM THE ' GATES OF DEATH. CHAPTER XXV I II. — M ADAME CLA- RICE'S ESTABLISHMENT. CHAPTER XXIX.-" IT CANNOT BE " POSSIBLE " CHAPTER XXX.— MORE DELAY'. CHAPTER XXXI— THE SOUND OF WEDDING BELLS. CHAPTER XXXIL— WHAT TO DO NEXT ? CHAPTER XXXIII. — VICTOR GAL- . BRAITH'S CHILD. CHAPTER XXXIV.— THE BAPTISM OF TEARS. CHAPTER XXXV —GERTRUDE BE COMES AN HEIRESS. CHAPTER XXXVI. - THE SECOND \- LOVER. CHAPTER XXXVII. — " WHEN HE COMES HOME." CHAPTER XXXVIII— HOMBURG. OUAr I JIB, XXXIX.— COMING HOME. CHAPTER XL. — A QUIET DINNER PARTY AT HEATHERDALE. CHAPTER XLI "CAN YOU BLAME ME?" CHAPTER XL1L— THE PROPHECY IS . FULFILLED. CHAPTER XLIIL — THE CRIMSON CROSS. , ' CHAPTER X. AMONG THE HILLS. To explain, the mysterious disap pearance of the golden-haired child we shall have to retrace the course of our narrative somewhat to the time when, with the fast-gathering twilight rendering everything dim and obscure, and the lamps not yet lighted, Agnes Carey stood alone on tho lower deck, near the rail of tho gang-board, her Blender figure partly concealed by the piled-up freight, boxes, casks and packages. 'Little Gertrude had been lifted up on the projecting top of one of these huge boxes, and stood gazing round with a' countenance of some awe, While her arms wore thrown closely round her nurse's neck. " Gertrude don't like 'is place," said the little girl, wistfully. "Please, Agnes, take Gertrude back to mamma." " "Xes, darling, in one moment." . Agnes' eyes were fixed on the shore "the landmarks she knew so well were gnuing pu.su nor vision — ana lor the moment it seemed as if the past years had been but tho troubled dream of a single night. . "Homo !" she gasped, faintly ; " home !" Gertrude gave a little cry. "Agnes hold Gertrude too tight! Agnes, don't I" . -But Agnes scarcely heard the little, piteous voice. "Hush! hush'" she whispered. " Gertrude musn't speak a singlo word ; y/e lire going, to land now." She took tho child in her arms, and stepped back in tho shadow of the piled-up freight, with her heart beat ing tumultously. The men hurried back and forth, with shouts and oaths, and hoarsely-uttered directions ; the creaking of trucks, and clank of chains, and groaning of heavy ropes, commenced the preliminaries of land ing, and with stately movement the steamer glided up to a little pier, which seemed to jut out of the very woods, although one or two houses farther back proved that it was not entirely a wilderness. As the gang-plank was thrown across, Agnes started forward and placed her hand 'on Gertrude's mouth, to hush the child's complaining voice, and watching her opportunity, with tho stealthy " cunning of partial insanity, she crept into the shadow of a huge box at that instant being trundled ashore, and, sheltered by its bulk, she totterod on land, with her shawl drawn tightly over Gertrude's face. The twilight and the confusion in cident to landing freight in a hurry — for the boat was a full hour behind her regular time — conspired to aid her ' mad attempt, and when tho boat left 1 the little pier no one dreamed that 01 e of the passengers iurked behind, I crouching in the shadow of the low- ' growing pines and bushy birch woods, her eyes glowing like live coals, and live patches of crimson flushing on either cheek. For. Anna's assertion of her asso ciate servant's insanity had not been altogether groundless. Poor Agnes' trouble-tossed mind was giving way at last, and her brain, filled with conflict ing fancies,- was bent, through tlieni all, on one absorbing object— to reach her home again and die. While Ger trude, held tightly yet tenderly in her arms, was strangely confused in her thoughts with the little child , whom they buried in the London church yard, with the shadow of dreary brick houses falling across her grave.' And at the moment when Anna was searching every nook and cornev of the boat to find Lady Bolton's missing child, Agnes Carey was speeding up the steep footpath over tho hills, with which her feet had been so familiar as a young girl, with Gertrude's golden head nestled close against the wild irregular throbs of her heart. " Home ! " she muttered, incohe rently to herself ; " home i It's been a long time and a weary, but we've tided over it at last, my bonny one. My poor mother has waited for mo many a long hour, but what will sho say when I place you in her amis, my fair-|iaired lamb !" The frosty air of the autumn night was full of spicy odors of -birch rind fragrant dead leaves; the stars were beginning to glitter in the misty atmosphere, and the rustle of boughs through the stillness, and the- snap of brittlo' twigs beneath her hurrying feet, were all that disturbed the silence of the hills, save now and then the cry of a startled bird, or the rush of some shy, startled wild animal, disturbed in its twilight prowl. , Gertrude struggled and wailed in Agnes' clasp. "Mamma !" .she cried; "mamma ! Gertrude wants mamma !" " Hush, my pet I Hush 1" Agnes groaned, with .her face close to the Child's cheek.- ' j' We shall be home soon now. Don't cry! Mamma's got her little one. We are going home." She folded her shawl closer.' round tho little, clinging form, and drew her veil so tliat the chilly freshness of the night air should not touch the baby face; but she never for an instant paused in her hurrying flight up the hillside. Gradually the whole character of the scenery seemed to change — the slopes grew steep; and rocky, and. the pines and birches became ragged and stunted, while tho surface of tho ground was ploughed, as it were, with' rifts and gulleys, outlined .by tho rush of the autumn rains, and deep glens divided the tree-fringed crests! Bub to Agnes the landscape was familiar ; she knew every turn, every hollow by- heart, as we know and remember only those things which are the companions of our childhood ! . . But the strength which had at- first seemed equal to everything and any thing began at length .to desert , her,, a sickening weariness seemed to paralyse her whole fratno, and more -than once aho paused,, to wait with shortening breath untii some sudden paroxysm of dizziness should pass dway. " It's but a little way farther," she murmured, as if talking to herself. " But a little way 1 I've walked it, and back, many a time, and never felt it — but I'm not so strong now as I was. Five years ago — ah, me ! and it seems but a day since I was here, a girl I All, well-a-day, this is a world of change, but my mother never did believe in Owen Kirby's smooth face and soft- spoken voice. She said lie was a villain — but I was headstrong and young, and, heaven help us all ! young folks cant he co.itent- to .abide by old folks' experiencol But mother '11 forget it all when she sees the child 1 Peace, my blossom," as tho terrified little one again raised its pitiful appeal ing cry ; " peace ! thou'lt make sun shine in the old house yet !" Agnes turned abruptly to? the left, and begun tho ascent of a hill so steep, that it might almost have been, called a precipice, and just then Gertrude awoke with a start. "Gertrude tired,'' sobbed tho frightened child, looking round- with startled eyes on the frosty solitude, and! clinging to Agnes's neck. " Where is Anna and mamma? Agnes,, take Gertrude home , it T.ift In nnn i-aii o tin n r. K'amaa '' jwuaio 11V1UC, triumphantly answered'Agnes, dancing the child up and down in her amis. "Only be good and quiet, my treasure. We'll be by the fireside in a minute now, in our own, own home." She silenced the child with kisses and coaxings, and prattled whispers, and Gertrude, rendered drowsy," per haps, by the cold, sank at length into a peaceful slumber, while her nurse plodded on, breathing short and sud denly, with aching limbs and over wearied frame, through the starry solitudes that skirted the wilderness. At length she came to a country road, little travelled, and with a few stunted trees growing on either side, which led round the baso of the hill, where it met a sort of wild, lonely lane, used impartially, it would appear, for teams or pedestrians, for wheel- tracks were dimly perceptible here and there in tho short, frost-touched grass that grew underfoot. Through this lano Agnes hurried, her eyes . fixed eagerly on a light, which shone far off, like an indistinct red eye, glimmer ing through tho darkness — tho light of her own home ! It was a rough, one-storied farm house, with steep eaves running up to an old-fashioned ridge-pole, and a rude porch, where two slonder columns of unpainted wood upheld a shinglo roof. Untrained bushes, whose cinnamon- colored stoms wore bareofallsave thorns, were tapping against the weather- stained siding with overy breeze, and a young mountain ash, at the porch, still swung its clusters of scarlet berries to and fro in the starlight. Tho panels, of the door, once painted' a dull red, wore colorless and blistered now, but an iron knocker, in the shape of a lion's claw holding an iron ring, ornamented the upper portion, and the white cotton window-curtain was all that prevented any casual passer from j looking directly into .the room whence 1 shone the ruddy gleam of candle and i firelight upon the darkness of tho autumn night. As Agijes leaned up against the sill,' where the colored leaves had drifted down and lodged in rustling layers and strove to peep in where the curtain had been pulled a little on one side, tho old clock on the mantel struck cloven with a whirring sound, like a whole hivo of bumble bees let loose. " So late 1" she murmured ; " so late 1 And they havo not put out the lights yet!" She staggered forward to the door, with little Gertrude stfll sleeping in her arms, but as she leaned to touch the door-latch, she sank slowly down on . the porch floor, quite' insensible. Her artificial strength had giveii way at last on the very threshold of home. ' . : CHAPTER XI. THE LOST CHILD. Meanwhile the search was earnest and uninterrupted on board the river steamer for the missing child. Every inch and corner of the trim little boat was investigated, every officer and deck hand was questioned, while Lady Bolton's terrible distress enli«ted every feeling heart or sympathetic nature in her behalf, yet without result. Agnes and her charge had disappeared as utterly and completely as if the green waters of the canal had swallowed them up. ' It is quite incomprehensible to me, Lady Bolton," said Captain Fletcher, with courteous feeling. "We have only landed once since you saw- your child last, and there was not a single' passenger went ashore then, only freight." , " Yes, ma'am,'' said a blunt old sailor, with his blue cap under his arm; "I'll go bail for that, 'cause I was lookin' arter a keg as had spruug a leak— and no fault o' ours nuther — and thero wa'n't. a soul went ashore ! Tiiero don't nobody land much there generally -speaking." " Then," and Lady Bolton's cheek grew deadly pale, and she olasped her hands, " what can have become of my child r A silence, deep and awful as the grave,- fell upon the assembled group — a silence which in itself was sufficient answer to the agonised question of the bereaved mother. But she would not accept this mute seal and sanction of her most dreaded fears, " Why do you not answer me ?" she cried sharply, as she looked round with wild, beseeching eyes. " Are you all struck dumb ?" " Oh, my lady I my lady 1" sobbed Ashby, rushing forward, "don't ask any more. They don't know anything for sure, and they can't tell you "what they think," . . " Do tlicy think " Lady Bolton stopped short, as if her breath failed her. "Mauima!" Little Aurora, who was standing in the foremost rank of the group, holding tightly to Anna's hand,. and looking wonderingly around her, here broke out in her infant voice, shrill and complaining, " where is Gertrude ? Aurora wants Ger trude 1" Lady Bolton caught the child wildly to her breast. " My baby 1 my baby 1 " she sobbed, hysterically, " you will never see her more ! She is lost — drowned in these cruel, cruel waters, my little fair- haired dove 1 Oh, why did I ever leavomy own home to meet my baby's fate? Drowned — drowned ! and so little — so helpless 1 " Her head sunk on Aurora's shoulder with a shuddering cry. " Take her into her state-room," whispered Captain Fletcher to the lady's maid. " I wish she would faint or something ; it's terrible to see her suffer so. Take the child away soine- one." Anna advanced to obey the kind- hearted old man's suggestion, but Lady Bolton threw off her touch, with sudden anger flashing through her despair. " Let her alone !" she cried. " Have ye not taken one of my babes from me for ever 1 I will keep Aurora 1 I will never part with Aurora!" " My lady," pleaded the weeping old nurse, "it's me — Anna !" " JL clon e caro who it is," persisted the unreasoning sufferer. " I am her mother 1 1 have failed in my duty to the other one — -heaven forgive me ! — and Aurora shall never leave my side ! Oh, if I could but recall this day — if I could live over again its fatal hours !" "If you would but please to come down stairs, my lady," soothed Ashby. " Miss Aurora might take cold in this damp air, and " Lady Bolton, deaf alike to reason or appeal, was moved by this possibility of danger to her child, and with a startled, apprehensive glance around her, sho followed Mrs. Ashby, still heedless of Anna's entreaties to be allowed to oarry the child. " My lady," said Captain Fletcher, coming down presently to whore Lady Bolton sat on a low sofa, still holding Aurora in her arms, with stony eyes and white cheeks, apparently seeing none of the pitying groups around her, and hearing none of the kind attempts at consolation proffered by the other ladies — a Niobe of tears and mute anguish, " my lady, we shall land very soon. Can I be of any service to you going ashore?" Lady Bolton stared at him, as if she did not fully comprehend the purport of his words ; he repeated them more slowly ancl distinctly. " I shall not land," she said, slowly. " I shall remain here, whore last I saw my little one." "But, Lady Bolton " " Give mo a light," sho cried, sud denly springing up, and laying the sleeping child on Anna's lap, quite forgetful of her recent resolve never to let the little one go out of her own arms. . " Lob me search the boat once more. I am sure they have not looked everywhere ! " " My lady, it would be quite useless." Lady Bolton's eyes blazed — lier lip quivered indignantly. " Who are you to say that a mother's keen eye -would be usoless ? Man, you do not know what you are talking of 1 Get me a light this instant." "But you will allow me to accom pany you," urged the distressed old man. " Yes — no- -what care I whether you do or not ? Only bo quick ! I cannot live in this suspense 1 " And once again Captain Fletcher mado the circuit of tho entire boat, attentive'to Lady Bolton's every wish or whim, speaking not a word, but patiently holding tho lantern wherever the erratic course of mingling doubts or fears led' the mother's footsteps. Suddenly she uttered ; a low cry. " My child — my little Gertrude !" And in the same instant sho caught some tiny dark object from the wire guards, close to tho floor, and beneath the wooden seat which extended all round the outside of the deck. Captain Fletcher saw that it was a child's glove of blue cloth, stitched with white, and moulded to the shape of a tiny hand half closed. " It is as if her hand were beckoning me." she cried, pressing it to her lips. " Oh, where can I go ? whither can I seek 1" " My lady," said tho captain, sadly, " she may have dropped it there at any time during the day, and the wind has blown it to the 5vii'es, where it caught, and could not be carried farther." The light went out of ' her eyes, a look of mute despair spread itself over her face, and sho said nothing more, until she stood once more on deck, with the distant lights of the ap proaching haven shining through the dreary darkness. And then she uttered piteously — " You were right — you were right— and she is gone from me for ever. It is vain to seek further — unless," and she shuddered, " we could drag the waters of the canal," " It would be of no avail, my lady," said the old captain, respectfully, but firmly, " If it is as we dread — and I can see no reasonable grounds for doubting it — it would be quite im possible to know where : or- when it happened." blie was silent for a few minutes, and then said — " I thank you, sir. You have been very knd and thoughtful ; may heaven reward you for it in tho day of your own necessity and trial. . If there is anything else we can possibly do, you will let mo know ?" "Most undovbtedly I will, my lady." He spoke earnestly and falteringly, as he wrung the slender - hand she placed in his, a silent token of her gratitude. " I am glad to see that you are calmer," he added, " I should have feared for your reason if — " You do not know the capability for endurance that there is in a woman's heart," she said almost bitterly. ' Aiid then she turned .. away, ' and went to where Ashby and Anna were anxiously awaiting her return. " Oh, my lady, do take a little rest." pleaded Ashby. " You are as pale as a ghost — you can hardly stand." But Lady Bolton held out the little glove with a, mute Working of her features. v " I shall never see anything more of my little lost angel than this," she said mournfully. "She has found her grave in these treacherous waters — and I cannot even havo the melan choly consolation of weeping over her la3t resting place. Little Aurora," and sho bent to press her cold lips to tho fair brow of the sleeping child, " you are too young even to know that you have lost a sister — but a mother's heart' will remember and ache on for ever." And thus ended the day on tho Caledonian Canal, whose lovely lights and purple shadows would always dwell in Lady Bolton's memory like a picture — a picture framed in tears. While, in after days, when, with tho music of her remaining child's voice in her ears, she remembered old Zbr&li;'s phophccies, she murmured to her self — " They were only idle words, after all, for my little babe is dead and gone, without the shadow of a trial over her brief life." \1U Ulji OOri Till U CilJ. J 