NOVEL A WAVE OF LIFE. BY CLYDE FITOH . ? (oosmNtnsD.) , CHAPTER III. Mra. Synnett was never happier than when receiving her- friends on Sunday evening. Twe moment any one entered her looms she made him feel weloonie, and tb. n agreeable in conversation soruiwbere. She was with her gu-ata like an artist with his colors : she knew Low to combine those that wrai »eu [ogetner. Ana ner mubio-room was always orowded, because people knew they wonld not be depended upon to amuse themselves and their hostess at Mr*. Synnett's. This Sunday evening Farnsworth and Wel don had dined there informally, after walk ing home with the two girls from the afternoon servioe at St. Mary'*, where they bad goto to hear some festival rausio. Wei don was being n.ade use of by Mrs. Synnett. Ha was always willing to be introduced to any one for the sake of helping her in any wiiy. He did not have Furnsworth'ti tact himEelf of filling up a broach, but he would allow himself to ba bored with oomposure, when told how. . ^ Eita was legularly sacrificed on the sooial ? altar every Sunday-evening' 6y her' mother', without any of the parental compunction which filled the breast of Abraham when he ledlsaaoup tUe mountain. Nothing.of com so, nuo iau^wvU U* OLAU^O, I JL'JttJpC WO»t SDO would do of her own sweet will; wlioh some times waB mere than the o hert) were oapable of, but was more often rather little. She atpod this evening with Farnsworth, at cne tide, telling Lira v. ho the people were as they oamc in, and criticising freely. Eita buw the evident state of good feding be tween them with pleased turprise. ' Ah ! who it tna't ?' asked Farnsworth, as a tall, handsome woman dressed in red, with a. superb figura, greeted Weldon somewhat imp eaeively, and took him away from an irreepontive, middle-aged, thin little orea ture, a pi,et€S3 whose, volume had not yet come out-, aud wuh^whom he had been trying t« con Vi roe. on feis whole repertoire a topic?, ?Toat's Mrs. Norrfc. Isn't she stun ning r ' Who is she ':' 'Why, don't you know? She writes so MDty aif.ules for the papers. Every ono is awfullv Atrni(\' nthri* »mn^ f.ViA ?«-*..« ...j tfioy all worship Lier.' 1 1 don't wonder.' _, ' No ; do you P I'm with the men. I'm devoted to her. 'We're great friends. I'll iutroduco you.' * 1 Thanks,— later : I'm in no hurcy just now. 'Who's her husband ?' . ? . ? ' Her what f repeated Madge, lansthing. ' I'm sure I don't kubw._- .Nobody does? No. body ever taw him pr-.vh.eard of him. She husu'tuuj.' 'But I. thought you said she was Mrs. Norria P* ? ' ' ?? c.i.i, tut i-bn'u s divweea. I sboald !??.:?!?:? v.i.)u:;f-ht you'd know that yhsn I U-U! ;«r. iil.s ?»'&!?; u woivif otirreejjoudent of tlio M»T^i-t\rfi. They noiily tiii are. 1 ihhik U n.uol le oho or tLo iYquiremrnla; ami they add to i: tho i.Mlity tott-sp their ropn rmun better and loader thwi nu at uociutv '.ruvnen, ia,d ugMust twks as gioki wlda.1 ' F«iuBROrth v;ii v/afeJrjjg J;ov calk with ?'Jl.ton. H.:r fane v-;wfu.l] c.f apfcndid w.iunvion. SlcSih, f-puit, voilily wisdom, iutvili.-m, v.'ero fipreiidtd in c--;- .'..I'.inrsiwd ...??.'ttnuut. Sim would hava uiado a Ihm 0 ji3.Si-KM --i Iiiber y nu guo s'.obu tuore. ' Wb'v» kuo-sru iier,' Afadgo v^ni or:, 'ever «:jo« I oi ii rerntwbtr She's svfullj arans laj, and bo clever. You ought to hear her aiiologiee for putting mamma'B ' at homes' m her notes, beoause mamma pretends she doesn't liko being in tho newspapers, when Wfl HtlfiTO nnrl on rtnna HT.»i NTn«»-fn ~M *_- ? that it really pleases her, and that she cuts out and keeps 'every notice.' ' She stems to like Weldon vary rauoh.' ' Yes, beoause she can't flirt with him. He doesn't know how to flirt. ' You'd better giro h'm Itreons.' Sh« looked quizzioallv at him. * ' Thanks,' said Farnsworth, smiling. * I ^hnuldu't like to interfere with your training. I should say he was in a fair way to loam hero, if he is going to at all.' 'That's oco for you,' said MaJhO ; 'but I told Kita, after the fist time I siw jou, that you were a flirt.' 'Did youP' answered Farnsworth, pro vukiogly. \°W you're Bettiug disagreeable again,' Mid Mhdge. - Lat's talk :a!Dput the people. Xou U know them'^U aotitnatoly before tho winter's over. Most of them oome re«u larly.' ;. ...= . . ** 1 Well, then, tell mo who all those poop'h 'Where? Oh, yes. The man standing is & browning reader. Tho lady next to him *uh tbe BUHpici usly golden hair, is Mrs. 'odder, the great amateur aotress (don't you anowy-fivo dollars a ticket, and no seat wneti you get there). Tney're always io pthor ; Bhe says h^r husband doesn't care 'or society, and it's quite evident he doesn't — «» that of his wife. Th« quiet little womau next to her is an uniotereating non euiity, but she's very rich, and takes a b x « all of Mrs. Heddar'a performances, and ' ngs ttt «11 or' the Browning classes : so sy^ro „ turally poHts to hor. Ho.- hus Ba«ud W« Moujgwuere, I'm bUre; yes, thera he is over in the aloovo, looking ttt a book. That's the way he spends hio whole i vening, generally with the same book, and we don't bother him, because we know it embarrasses him to meet strangers, and he oan't talk to save his neok. His wife wants to be known as a sooiety woman, though why the lord only knows, for she alwayB seema bored to death, and no one would take any notice of her if she didn't boast a chef and give one (if the best dinners in New York. ? Those two men talking/ togftther beside her arc) both clever : the awellest one, with the big boutonnicre, is an Eoglish literature profemur, aud a delightful essayist ; the other's a newspaper editor. Oue'a a Repubr lioon, and the other's a Democrat ; and that's tho way they go on all evening. The tall, aristcoratio-looking woman jtut goiug to join them U Miss Wright, the S idal Sci entist.' Madge paused, a little out of breath. ' Is it really?' (xolaimed Farnsworth, leaning over interestedly to sea her bettor. 1 Do jou know her f asked Midge. ? No : oh, no : bnt I've heard of her. Flotse go on. Yon oan't imagine how on tertained I am.' This was quite true, and Madge, who was also enjoying it, continued : ( ' Tho rest, of the group in tho corner are — the pretty woman m the yellow dress h»B written a Bucoessful piay, which is running now somewhere. Tbe handsome man behind her is anBnglioh aotor, the leading man in Mtry Anderson's company. She was going to marry him once, whioh is enough to make a lot of other women want to no ~. Next to bin is a poet who writes delightful verses whioh every one rtads. Just behind us — don't look aronud — is his opposite. The round girl with them plays on the piano, — resllyjjplays, like a dream, — the kind of mnsio which makes the ohills or««p up and down your back. Now,' taking a breath and smiling- ot Farnsworth, who smiled back, en joying himself hugely, ' tho lady to whom mamma takes so many people is a new novelist ; but of course you know her : ,you brought her here. That man poor Kita is speak to is a physiologist of some sort, — I don't bnow exactly what, but it's disagreeable, ml no one else will talk to him,so she hai to, though »he doesn't understand half heeays,a8 he has an impediment in his speech.' Ho looked at Rita juat as she had turned her head away fr .m mm. She was envying Madge with all her - heart, but was hei.e-.tly/ trying to pay a tention to Mr. Rosconim.! n. .Farnswoitb saw the distant look in hor clear eyed, and felt 'the kind little snrlo was forced. He wanted to go to her,* to lase her away from that man who seemed' to be in the mid-t of a loog haiangue and made motions svery now and then, ne he talked, with a large, flat hand. Ho decide i he, would go after Madge had finished her amusing description. 1 The bent dressed woman in the room is Mrs.- Van Oitrand,' said Madge. ' She's » connection of the A- ? s, and is the friend who always sends ns ou' Assembly tiokets, and is one of the few of that aet who oome often to tha house. Sbo comes because it's different here and amuses her. The man coming in now is a husband witbout hid wife, for a ohange, instead of the other way around. His wife is a great friend of ours, bnt sbo doesn't approve of Sunday night ' at homes,' so she ooruea to see ni other times. The tall, lanky man' by th? piano is a widower with three children, who has been in love with Rita for the lest few years, but who follows her about frbin a adutanoa so. you ain't exaotly snub him. He's never had the outage to propose ; and we've cocoluded that when he married before it must have been leap-year Ho writes. Everybody here doei something. Tuose who don't do anything else overexert them selves in their attempts to do nothing. ' The handsome man with ihe grey hair is o,n army officer from . the fort, who eoen everywhere that Mrs. Norris does. Thre'o times there has been, a report spread that they were going to be married; but they aren't yet. You see that rather stout, bald man wi'O is going around trying tomakB himself agreeable to every one who'll let him ?_ He was a very popular singer once, bat it's tbe ghost of his roioo now that walks. I knew that voices usually float, o'r soar, or something like that, but his doein't any longer, ' I atsure you : it has como down now and walks. Of coursa he can't get professional engagements any longer so h. : goos to all the ' at homes ' he can, hoping to be asked to sing as a favour. A great many people do ask him, but mamma, doesn't dare, for I've told her I would not play whon he aang. He sets my teeth on edge. I know it's horrid of me, but I can't hip it. And of course mamma always likes to exhibit her daughter. It's drtad ful to have tho showman instinct in your mother. There, I've finished.' 'I'm sorry,' said Farnswortb, laughing heartily. ' And you must tell me who this is,' as a young college boy walked past them and stumbled over a chair, his hands being apparently the only things in the room ' of whioh he was consoicu;. : ' That,' eaid Madge, suppressing n smile as the subject bowed to her and then rolled his eyes up and stared hard at the ceilingto flbow he vrfis ' perfeotly at ease, — 'that? is Mrs. Odprey'a son- She takes him atttund wi'h hpr everywhere ; sha says he's stich a protection ;— though against what she need* it no one rai imagine. Tbnt is fibs Ul^ing to ;-!m unnppp.iH.i.kd pwt behind us,— ths vary uildriie-agmi If.lIj- iu tbe girlish dia gafa:-.' ?Why1 is it,' asked Farnfiwortii, ' t1 at. punple nro so ctciSA -£ growing old? Nearly ovBiy one 33 tho t-\:v\\-). Wo'valua youtK niuuubi: uooyo i!Ci:nH. . _'I know it,' toiii BEiolg-p. -'If woman o.'pso;aU.v ^vonld Only Is^rr. to grcrr old I Ef'ikoofmi.? ! But \ic don't soKoliov? ; wo: \--i:f'nd all ocr tisrso trying (,o itub out tho iu.t.: Titan dntwi', liko tlio photosyr»i'h«-.r who, iu ' tOTioliing- up ' a 'pbofcoirrapli, usually ie«.v6H it oLm-Ati-erluss. WolU mo-s: of tlio oliier poaplo nr.? chftrmid^, .?;;; jov1. will find out for youraflf. Now I'm coing to present you to Mrs. Norris.' Mrp. Norris and Farnnwnrl-.ri libnrl onnii other from the first. She hai read his book and ed joyed it, and she made him realize ihis without aotually telling him so. ' Of eourso you're in love with Madge,' she said. ' Isn't fh.9 a wonderful orcature P' ' Yes, she ie : but I don't feel that I know her yet : I don't understand her.' 1 You mustn't - xpoot to understand her,' answered Mrs. Norris. ' Then are some things, human as well aa divine, that you must tako on faith. Madge Synnett is ono of them. I'd give anything if one of my ohildren were like her.' ' Ooo of your whatf exclaimed Farns worth,his surprise getting the better of him. ? Yen.' said Mrs. Norris, looking at him amusedly and quito enjoyinc it. 'Didn't you know I had two children down in my old place on the Hudson P— dear, nioo ohildren ; but it's true I seldom speak of them, and *hoy never oome up to town. They'ro living with a maiden aunt of mine, a good old creature who a'ways had all the maternal feeliug of tbe family.' Farnsworth was on tho point of asking how old they were, hut saved himself just in time, and spoke of Rita instead; Mrs. Norria echoed his admiration, but said she understood her less than Madge. ' I love her,' she said, ' but she's quito beyond u.e, sad nhe'g the one person in tho world who reruiuda me I have a conscience. I'm never with her leng at a tfmt without teeing ho-* do s-mothiug- whioh I know I ought to do, lut I won't take the trouble. She's a olevei ll'tle thing, tjo. She'a a rival of yours : Bb.i writoa.' ' Yea, I know it,' eaid Fftinaworth ; ' I vo seen several of her Bhort storieB : they are quite original, and her simplicity of style is dolightf al. It is only because she ia as yet immature in her work that she has not had more suocess. I beJiave with some great experience the would do great thines.' ' Of course she hasn't Madge's genius,' remarked Mrs. Norris, with the complacent air with whioh so many women speak of tbe divine spark. ?Yes !' answered Furnsworth, in a non commi tal voice, not sure himself whether he «h utd speak so decidedly. 1 Whut an amusing orowd tbore arc hero !' he continued, afUr a moment. ' I suppose you know them all ?' ? Yes, most of them. I wi«h I oould be carried off and dropped right down in the middle of an entirely new Bit of people. These all get to look more or less alike,— do you no'ice it? each one seems to say to tbe other, ' I do so and so, what do you do?' and your first thought always on being inr troduced to any one iB, ? I wonder what ho'a written.' ' 'But yet they are not sll writers, are they?' ? No, indeed ; there arc painters and nra sioians among them, and some very deiightf ul people who read and listen. And I here's one of the bores,' she added, as an over«dreesed little woman passed her and bov»ed conspicuously. ' ' That's the third time she's bowsd to me to-ni°ht : she's greeted me from all over the room. Dj you Jmow why P -she wants mo to bo ' ture to eea her, and put her name in the' amon.st thoue present.' Isn't she silly ?' Ftunsworth laughed as if it were a good joke. He liked this womau : first, beoause she was so candid, and because she had an opinion ; then, besides, he liked her manner and her personality. They had been talking some time, during all of which she had stood beside him, as tall as he, an-i as straight, moving her head well and keeping her splendid figure in perfect repose. Sue was one of those few women who seem to be tntnllr linpYindninna nffTiaiFannAo*nnnn CfL had not once arranged her gown even surreptitiously, nor touohed her waist, nor fastened a jewel nor tampered with her fan, nor minded her glove. ' Come,' she said, ' we might as well sit down; there's no extra charge,' laughing, and raibing her eyebrows, 'au i Algernon Boliug broke is going to read some Browning, I see.' The man with the bright tie, oi the group in the oorner, was leaning towards Mm. Hedder, who was evidently advising him what to read. 'Are you fond of Browning?' asked Fdrnn worth. 1 Well, to be honest, I don't oare for any poetry : the rhyme annoys me. I've always thought I should line Browning, but some how I can never listen : as Boon bb auy one has commuuoed reading, a word or some thing in the poem suggests something pise personal to me, aud my thoughts go wonder ing off, and my attention is only attraoted again by some sentenoe irhiou strikei forcibly, I don't exaotly know why.' ' Ye«, but don't you think ? ' ? 'Sq !' motioned Mrs. Norris : ' he b going to commenoe. I always pretend to listen, at any rate : I think it's brutal not to.' Mr. Algeron Bjlingbroke stood by the piano, leaning Slightly against it. Kenada plain but strong and attractive face. A heavy lock of of stray black hair fell over on his forehead, refusing to ttay in place. His ; eg iruuK- co&t; fitted to perfection, and his boutnnoniere was a cluster of white tuberoues. He turned over the leaves of a well-worn book for a few moments. Mrs. Hedder lorcaine i where he had left her, only taking a morn intense attitude. She held a hot-house rose tightly in one hand whioh dropped over the arm of her chair, in the other stio rested her ohin, with her o'bow onherknte, and opening her lips a little, remained so,rigidly,through the whole read ing, her eyes fixed straight; ahead of her. Sue was thinking about the oostuoie aha ws going to hay,e for the nex; play, and deciding on the materials. Most of tbe people in the room draw nearer, or to one side, until so mo idea of a semicircle was obtained in front of the reader. The unsuccessful poet 1 aned against the casing of ono of the windows, with his head thrown back, and gazed at the chandelier. A rival reader withdrew into a distant corner to .whisper witty orhicism and .. complimentary inuenoLoes to Mrs. Oj.irey. Young Ojpwy slipped out of the room* aud through the front door into the street to smoke a cigarette. A group of true ad mirers of Robert Browning snd appreoiators of Buliogbrokb's really good reading were just in front. Those who affected an admic ation whioh they wtrc not capable of feeling were withdrawn discreetly a little outside the cirole, where they oould watoh the people in the room. The successful now novelist atid several others whj had been having a very jolly time, and who never oared for reading of any sort, showed their genial breeding, like Mcs. Norris, by good naturedly preparing themselves to listen. Mrs. Van Odtraud found a retired place ueuuiu fcuo piauu, wudeu biiu icaneu oaoK in a lonnging-ohair and closed her eyes; she would be quite rested at the end of the poeoa to go to Mrs. Stceriog's. The small eldorly poetess whose vplnme had not yet appeared sat intide the semiuirolo, closo toBolingbroke, because she was quite deaf, and, as it wap, only oaught a word now and then. Weldon sat in one window-Beat, unconsciously look ing at his hands. Madge': eat iu nnother with Ciptain G-allo way, watohinvr Weldon. Hr, Rotfiomiooo bad jilss lold Rita, with a gebtuve, tbat I19 would finish what bo was exrAnininsr after the r^aiing. Poor Rita commesuod to look as if her head was aching. Fdiriswortb could not allow it any longc r. * Do y-ni l-uow,' he said, 'i.'-j a shame for ;.u Its* vjyuurti irt» uo attuLLiLueu w» vtlat inau r Ofct.'*t '--? iRioue her from him P' 1 Yi-a,' inswercd Mrs. Norria. « 1'Jl go ovwt with yon. You taks Rita off, and leuva tuo for Ris ommon. I mean it,' she nn.ir! ? 'it woa't make any difference to me ?,«hom 1 01a with during the reading, and for -:. httlo while aftsr tLat he/ll amuse me: he 'iwayr. -»oes. He eays every one hon only thvvio b'ia«)8, or eomtitbing like that ; I nevar do quite understand exao'ly what his theo y is, but it's something funny, and I protend to get oonverted to it every time we talk to gether. Tnen I can always uret rid cf him, and that seraph never could.' 'You're an angel of raeroy,' he said, in a mockingly empressee manner. ' Never,' she answere.i. ? I'm too old.' Rita fairly beamed upon thorn. 3?arns worth felt guilty that he had not oome before. How exquisitely pretty she was ! She was a serapb : she was one of the few people he oould remember having seen to whom the stereotyped girb and oonventloial employ ment of the generally cooepted angel would have been becoming. Madge once said, in the expressive way she had, ' Yo'A mijrht do anything you oould think of to Kita, but you oould never make her look flat.' Mr. Bolingbroke bed the goad sense, in to mixea na unwumuiy, iu give one 01 me very short poems ; it was a tragic one, whioh ended abruptly, and one of the ladies in the puter oirole, who -had happened to listen, forgot herself and asked rather loudly if ho wasn't going to read the rest of it. The un. appreciated poet, with bis eyes still fastened upon an artifioial candle jet of gas, thought how he would have ended the same poutn. The rather deaf pootepa Baid nothing ; fnr eho thought he hadn t begun yet. Mrs. Heddor' simply sighed very ex pressively, and altered her position ; sho had deoided sho oould manage to wear four go/wns in three aots by changing the order of two of the scenes whioh did not affect her part in the least. But Mrs Hedder's wealthy friend, the lady who attended all the Brown ing readings, murmured ' Sweet !' Mrs. Vew QBtnnd opened her eyes Blowly and asked who was singing, and was very glad nnbed? heard her. Mrs. Norris, lookiog at Mr, Rosoommun, said it was oatirely too short, — whioh emboldenod Mrs. Synnett, buttressed by the Browningites, and politely seconded by tbe successful novelist and her olique, to beg for another eeleotion . Acoord ingly, after the necessary amount of becom ing hesitation, Bolingbrolre, thinking hotter to mt-et his audience, reoited '.From Ghent to Aix,' with not a little spirit. Wei 'on J joined heartily in the applause whioh followed I it, and several others looked pleased to have heard something familiar to them. M e. Otfprey exolaimed that she had heard that bbiore, — waB tbat Browning, too ? Sho was so fond of Browning ! She had heard ' Aurora Leigh '. read beautiful'y once. While Mrs. Synnott was shaking Boliog broke's hand and thanking him, and tbe Browningites were crowding around, the rost of the company changed about. Mrs. Norria told Mr. Rosoommon really she should think ovjr quite seriously what he hai just been saying, as she allowed Ciptain Gralloway to drag her away from tho physiological discussion. Weldon had joined Madge, nnd Farnsworth and Riti had made tb raselves comfortable in his witidow-seac. Rita said ate ought t/i go and Le«p pour' the tea, tut Farnsworth said ho would not allow her to, that Bhe had done too much for tbe guests already ; and she remained where she was, only too happy to bo commanded to do any thing by him. Farnsworth oould not but notiso berpl asure at being with him, bt tho accepted it without question. Her manner had completely changed. She was full of animation and go d spirits. Sbe confessed she had heard pcarcely a word of what that drehdful Mr. 'Rjsooinmon had been talking about : she was watching Madge and him all the time. ' What were you talking abont ?' she asked. Her eyes never wandered from his face when he apokG to her ; she thought it was bsoause he had so mu-ih expression. ?Your sister was ttllis'g me who tho people are,' he Baid, smiling at her. She smiled back. ?No wonder you were laughing. Isn't Juaugu uugiib i Kiiiu luunuu n.ffny xiulu uiui, just for a moment, to' wards her sister affectionately. ' I'm so glad you're bll right. You know th:re was a sort of coolness.' 'Thero was .something. She c rtainly did not like me at first. Sbo says Bhe told you that ni?hr, after dinner, that I was a fliit.' 'Yes, she did. Are you?' She aBkedit half seriously. ' Not guilty, your Ladyship.' ' Gentlemen of the jury, the prisonoi is dismissed.' ' But you ought to define tho charge. Wnat is flirting ?'. asked Fnr;.swortb. 'Oh,' replied Rita, sitting up straight and with a funny imitation, in miniature, of one of Mr. Rjscommon'a sweeping ges tures, 'flirting is— flirting is a game,' sbe lapsed buck into her natural manner, ' ?which two play at, both mutually pretend ing an especial interest, and neither one behoving in himself or in the other.' ? 'If they are both on their guard, and know the rules of the game, there isn't much harm done, I Eupposo,' said Farns worth, ' except that after a time they won't be aisle to tell the real interest from tho feigned one, and then they lose the former and tho latter is nothing to gain.' ' Sometimes it doe; happen that one is not as experienced as tho other, and makes a mistake and gets in earnest.' 1 ' Yes, and thon we cannot but blame ? Ah ! your sister is going to play.' ? Ob, dear !' said Rita, anxiously : ' don't forget where you loft off, will you ?' Madge looked at Farnsworib 1 as she took up her violin. She saw him stup talking iudtantly and lean back to listen. It pleased her. For a moment she thought shb would ask him to play her accompani ment, but aha saw Kita, auci.atttv a second, a hesitation, asked the young; piaciste instead. Tho latter accompanied willingly and well. Madge played even bettor than usuiil. Everybody listened. Farns worth's thoughts wandered off to the country home o£ his boyhood. He thought of the beautiful rolling fields his mother used to take him walking over; he oould see her now, and feel the touch of her band, and hear tho low murmur of hor pwoet voice as she talked to him of his father. He could see the soft grey olouds drifting over their heads, and again they passed through the wicker gate that made on opening in the delicious thiok green hedges which bounded their garden. Rita, half hidden in the window-seat wou derad of whom he was thinking, (TO BE B9NT1NUKD.) 