InLoYe'sGrQcMe. By BERTHA M. CLAY. CHAPTER XX XIL—(COKTIKUED.) IRoveUst. At last it struck him that be could not any longer sit like a mommy, abstracts! and speechless, and, having nothing to do, he got o at his pipe and dropped down on the door-step, stretched his long limbs almost at her feet, and looked up at her. '.Not tired of your seclusion, yet, MissMildred?' be asked. She looked down at him with a little slow smile. • . ' Not in the very least. I am quite content.' 'Quite content !' He nodded and sighed. 'That's a great thing to say. . But yon look it: yon look quite happy.' ' I am vexy happy,' she assented, in a low voice. : • Yes, you look it, lie said, thoughtfully, unconsciously gazing at her sweet face, with its . Hoft repoBefnfiips and downcast eyes. ' You look AS ii the world, with all its falsities and disappointments, were a sealed book to you ; as if life iad been one untroubled day, neither too bright or too cloudy, but-—* Be paused suddenly, for at his words the color left her cheeks, and she raised her eyes with a troubled look. * Oh, you are wrong, quite wrong,* she said, in • startled voice. ' Life has been very hard and sad for mo till now; perhaps that is why 1 am so . content. Not too bright—ah, no, it has sot been too hriglit-—but clouded. If you only knew—' * TeU me,' he said, on.the impulse of the ' moment, then,. as a startled, shrinking expression crossed her face, he added, instantly, * 1 beg your pardon—forgive me. It was not idle uufiosity.* . M,-am fBure.it was not,'she said, with a dash oE color coming to faer pale face again. 1 But my story would only weary you and pain me in the telling. And it would do no good,' she added, in a low voice, more as if communing with herself, atid enditig with a little sigh. 'Itis all past and gone, like a strange, mysterious dream, jtmdjl am, as yea see, at peace at last.' ' Gdy looked at her, and then aw«y at the dis- ; tantv horizon with a thoughtful frown. She spoke of mystery. Was it possible there could be any mystery in her past? It was not curiosity, but an intense, almost irreconcilable desire to learn something of it that possessed him. ' Ton will forgive me," he said,' but sometimes When lam thinking of you—' she colored. faintly ' audiowered her head at those words—' 1 have an idea that you have travelled a great decl. ,, Shelopked up with a hesitating glance, and then went on-with her work. . '. * Yes,' she reluctantly eaia, * I have travelled a . great deal.'... 'I thought so,' hegently responded. •Why?' . ' 1 scarcely know.. For one .thing, because 1 sometimes fancied 1 detected a little foreign accent in your voice—something American. '' Onceagain she glanced at him with the halftroubled, half-fearful look, as if wondering' if -'be suspected anything she would not have him know. ' 1 have been iu America,' she slowly said. * I thought so,' said Guy, frankly. 'How strange 1 Yoa know, of course, that I have not 'long returned from there ? ' Yes, I know,' she assented. ' It would he singular if I had met you there,' he said, as if communing with himself. ' Where you ever in San Francisco ?' A shade of white passed over her face, and she looked at him with a strangely searching glance. Her fingers paused in her task, and she answered . him in a low tone: " Yes, I have been in San Francisco.' « When ?' demanded Guy, eagerly. She hesitated, and then reluctantly answered: * In July.' ' July !' he repeated after her, in a tone of pleased surprise; 'why, I was there in July. Do yoa know, the first time 1 saw you 1 had an idea that 1 had seen you before. Is it possible that we could have met in San Francisco V 'No, no,'she enswered, hastily, 'We have r.ever met before. ~ It must be some fancied resemblance.' •It is very singular,' said Guy, thoughtfully pulling at his pipe, and gmte unconscious of her ngitation. ' I have never got over the idea that I had met you somewhere, or that you were like some one I knew. I fancied at first that you . were like my Cousin Constance.' Mildred looked at him with a startled look of inquiry and of intelligence, as if the thought suggested something new to her. ' I ?' she said softly. ' That was at first; but now I know you better the resemblance does not strike me. Perhaps,' he went on, looking at her musingly, ' I may have seen your portrait at some friend'B over .there. The more 1 think of it the more the idea •comeB to me that it was in a portrait 1 saw -you." She Bboek her head, with a troubled, wistful Jloot, and said: * No, I had no friends. 1 never had any, only .one—my mother: and when 1 lost her 1 was alone • in the world—quite friendless.' She looked down at him with a gentle smile, 'but there was a moisture in the beautiful eyes -.that set his heart beating. What a brute 1 am!' he earnestly exclaimed —thick- headed, too, to trouble you like this 2 1 certainly am the stupidest fellow in the world 1 &nv; other, man would have seen that, he was paining you byhis cackle. Will you forgive me?' he pleaded, leaning toward her eagerly. ' 1 will never do so again; indeed, I did not know, orl would rather have knocked my stupid head against the wall.* She smiled and wiped away a tear that rolled like a pearl down her round cheek. ' It is 1 who am stupid,' she said, ' and 1 who ought to ask your forgiveness for—for—being so sensitive. But I don't think we have ever met before the other day, and it mnstbe that I anlike someone you have seen, though,' she added, with a smile, * I do not think it can be Miss Hartleigh, because they say she isBO beautiful.' 4 No more—' began Guy, hastily, and with some vehemence, and then colored and went on, blunderingly, ' Hers is a different style of beauty from yours.* -gha stopped him with a merry laugh and a '.•r:;!iaju Dlaft:; but he went on agi;:i,.mauy: " \V«», why shouldn't I speak the trutli? You sic Iji-amifui, as any but a blind mau cau eee. Why tliouliin't 1 speak of what is as certain a fact as that the world is round.' With her face all aflame, she shook her head. 'Iam unused to such compliments,' she said; • to any indeed, so I do not know what to say. £>i coarse I am very much obliged, Mr. Hartleigh,' and she laughed again in a manner which indicated that she did not set much store by what he had said. ' That's right,' he said, cheerfully. 1 1 wanted to hear you laugh. It was worth being rude to get it. And if you are so much obliged you can show it by singing something for me, will you V ' I don't think you deserve it,' she said, still smiling. She rose, nevertheless, and went to the piano. Guy leaned hie head against the door-post and watched her, as her white, slender fingers glided over the keys, and the exqnisite voice rose softly - into song. ' She is not only beautiful,' be thought,' she is lovely—loveably beautiful! What a hard world it is !—that she, whom the winds shonld not have visited too angrily, should have suffered! She has keenly suffered, too. Not a friend in the world ! All alone* she said. Poor girl! But she is not friendless now 1' he thought, with sudden energ/ ; 'She has one true friend, if he is only a fool!' I'll be her friend if she'll let me. But what can 1 do for her? Nothing. She is happy and content, she says. Ah!' and he sighed, ' if she were only suffering from some wrong, and wanted some one to right her—to defend and protect her, there would be some comfort in that—forme. 1 could do something then. But to be her friend only till someone with a better title comes to take her away—she's very beautiful, and some one is sure to come sooner or later. Some one will come ! Some curate, or— or—confound him t whoever he may be !' He broke off, and, too disturbed by the idea of a possible lover for Miss Mildred Thorpe, he rose and went to the piano. She was playing softly, a sOrt of running accompaniment to her thoughts it seemed to him, and did not hear him approach Gny stood looking at her, his hand so near her that it almost touched her arm, a strange, wistful, troubled feeling possessing him. He was to marry—if he kept hia promise—to marry Constance. If he did not he would probably lose Sir Bichard's wealth—though he did not care for that—and wonld certainly cause Sir Richard a severe disappointment. And he had been willing to many Constance, had given her his love, but she bad coldly thrust it aside. Another man would have been piqued into a still more obstinate pasBion, as Caryl Wilton had been ; but not so Guy—frank-hearted, candid Guy. Her loldness had made him miserable, the air of mystery and reserve had chilled him and saddened him; and now, at the critical moment, he meets this beautiful creature, a faint shadow of Constance, with all the tenderness . and meek maidenliness which to him Constance lacked. Was he fickle? He could scarcely accuse himselfof that. For one thing, he was not in love with this sweet young creature yet. He liked her, in & friendly way, and she exerted a soothing quieting influence over him, but he was quite sure he did not love. He thought of Constance as he looked at her, and he sighed. She had not known he was so near, and, looking around with a little start, was in time to see the troubled, perplexed look in his handsome face. Her voice faltered, and her fingers Btrayed on the keys. 'lam tiring you,' she said, and her hands dropped in her lan. 'No, no,' he eagerly said. 'I—it was very rude—bat I was thinking of something while you were singing. Not that I was not listening, fur I was, and earnestly. How beautifully you play and sing 1 But, there 1 I've said that so many times. What a delight it must be to you to be able, to give so much pleasure to others by your music.' ' It never struck me in that light before,' she answered with a light laugh. 'I regard myself as one of the most useless of creatures.' ' You S" said Guy. ' Then what mu3t you consider ipe? A mere cumberer of the ground.' ' Oh, no,' she earnestly answered. ' You have your duties—the duties of .your position. I am not so stupid as to thiuk that those in highpUccs have nothing to do. The dame has told me how much you have' to see to.' ' 1 am afraid- she sometimes sadly bores you,' he said. ' No. Like most-humble people,'! like to' hear" of the life and doings ofthbse-abovo me.* ' Don't talk like that,'lie snid, tilth a pained expression. ' Above you 1 If : you mean me, I feel so infinitely your inferior that I am humbled when I come near you. As for. anybody else,' he went on, with unnecessary, warmth, ' I know of no one who can compare with you * lie stopped in confusion, and she looked np at him with a frightened flush. Then she bent her head timidly and looked down. AsBhedidso, hrr brooch—a little silver bird—fell from her threat to the floor. She bent, and put out her hand to rccover it, and in doing so touched his face, as he stooped also. The blood flew to both their faces as she drew her hand back; but when he looked np her face was pale. He looked at the brooch for a moment, and then held it out .to her in his open palm; and as she touched it with the tips of her soft white hand, bis fingers closed on hers. With a sudden quiver she raised her eyes to his, a half-irigbtened questioning in tbem. Some words trembled on Guy's lips, a world of passionate longing shone in his eyes; then he remembered Constance and his promise to Sir Bichard, and,, as if with a sudden effort, he let her draw her hand away, and with tightly compressed lips he turned aside. . With a long breath, either of relief or regret, alielet her fingers touch the keys, to gain time and composure. When she looked around afterward, Guy was gone, and a minute later she heard the sound of his horse tearing np the lane. Then the music suddenly ceased, and her face went down and was hidden in her hands. Guy rode like a man fleeing from some terrible temptation, but the look in those soft, melting brown eyes went with him and haunted him. That touch of her warm hand on Ms cheek—why had it sent the blood surging through t»im and made his heart beat so wildly ? Could it be possible that he loved her? He had only seen her twice or thrice—knew nothing of her except that she was loth to mention the past. And Cpnstance 4—what was to be done about her ? it was true she showed no sign of accepting him if he proposed to her; but still, he had premised, and the promise was sacred to Guy, And that thought took him to one of love. Sid he love Contance, or had the sweet-faced girl at the cottage won his heart? Why, else, had he been on the point of telling her so at that moment when he held her hand prisoned in his? She could be only pure and good, and so what did it matter to him who she was or had been. Yes, he loved her, and it seemed to him that he had some right to hope that she was not indifierent to him. But what right had he even to think of her when he was pledged to another? And he was, and he could not in honor withdraw his promise. He groaned and dug the spnrs into Hotspur's sides till that noble beast reared and plunged forward in a mad gallop. As for Mildred, she could not leap into the Baddle and ride away her perplexity and embarrassment: but she sat with her face hidden until the dame came in, and then had to meet the storm of questions and reproaches which the old lady poured ont when she found that Gny had fled. Mildred evaded the good soul as well as she could, and then caught up a white shawl and said she would go out for a walk. It mattered little to her which way she took, and it was not until she had gone some distance that she realized that she had turned toward Hartleigh village. CHAPTER XXIV. " TOD 1 IS IT voir, THEN 1" Hartleigh Hall was filled with guests, and although Guy was not there to sit down with them that night, Sir Bichard did not wait for him, for he knew that he had much to do now that he had undertaken the care of the estate. Dinner was over, and there had been mnsic, and many of the guests had seated themselves at the card tables. Maida had wandered out on the verandah, where she thought to be alone, but she had not been there many seconds when she heard a step behind her, and looking around, saw Caryl WUton. • Pardon me for disturbing you,' he said, ' but I had a word to say to you which I hoped you would forgive. It IB about a dear friend of mine who is near to trouble without knowing it, and I want vour advice on the matter. Will you give it?' Sho turned a trifle pale and drew a sharp breath. ." • ' Atleast I will hear the case.' she answered, in a scareelysadible voice. • ToinaWstt more clear to you, let us suppose a ens 3 . et us take tbrv case of a \v >,n wli<" 15 ' iudaug-r. S:ie lias an acqtiaiuti:.c.:—.n y :V<iy | Gladys, f t,r example—who is i^ali.us of ii^r and | wishes iser harm. Then there cumcs a mau from America, who tries to appear very simple, but who has a secret understanding with Lady Gladys. I dnn't know what harm the man can do but 1 am convinced he seeks to do harm. What 1 would like to say to my dear friend is, that if she has any papers or other valuables wliir.h could possibly betray her, she had better destroy tbem, that is all. He had not looked directly at Maida as he said this, or he wonld have seen that she was growing, ashy pale. Perhaps he knew the probable effect of his words, and preferred not to look at her until he had finished. ' How can 1 help you in the matter?' she asked in a low tone. Then he turned, and looked her full in the face. ' If nothing suggests itself to yon, then there is nothing you can say to help me,' he gently said. 'No,' she answered, almost coldly, 'nothing suggests itself to me. 1 do not understand you. I hope you will excuse me if I leave you. I wish to walk.' " Not alone ?" ' Why not ?' ' Oh, you must not.. Those jewels t You might meet some evilly disposed person, or— •or ' You are fanciful, Mr. Wilton. Please excuse .me,' and she drew her light shawl about her,and glided away from him. He stood looking after her with lowering brows, and had jast made up his mind to follow her and insist upon accompanying her, when he heard Sir Richard calling him, and stood still. ' Is that you, Mr. Wilton ?' 'Yes. Sir Bichard.' ' 1 am like a shepherd who is always losing his sheep. Have you seen my daughter ?' 'Miss Hartleigh has gone to her room, perhaps,' said Caryl, knowing how alarmed the old man would be if he knew that his daughter had gone out into the grounds alone to walk. And the two walked back into the house together. Maida stepped swiftly across the terrace, holding her shawl closely to her, the moonlight falling on her face, which showed no trace of nervousness or fear—nothing but a sort of vexation at having been spoken to about a matter which she bad been trying to forget. She no longer feared. Save for passing momenta ol sudden, <ierce - mental struggles, like those of a chained and imprisoned wild animal, no presentiment filled her soul, or tempted her to swerve from the dangerous path on which she had set out. Sometimes she almost believed that her past life was a dream, and that she was Constance Hartleigh. To-night, save for a few moments of. terror, as Caryl Wilton revived memories of the past, she was at peace with herself and with the past. He was fanciful. What could there be in any secret between Lady Gladys and the American—any secret which could hurt her? Even Caryl Wilton could not be sure that she was not the rightful daughter of Sir Bichard, for, after all, she was the only daughter he hadliving and she wonld not let him think that he could move her at will. With a look of defiance, she half paused and looked around. As if to strengthen her assurance, the night lay silent as a tomb. ' How exquisite 1' she murmured, looking np at the sky. ' I shall surely have time to have a look at the church. How can they find any pleasure in sitting in those warm rooms, while all this calls to tbem in vain ?' Communing thus, she opened the wicket-gate, and stood among the tombs, gleaming white in the moonlight. And, as she looked around, a smile played about her lips. ' Certainly I am not nervous, she said. ' Are there many women with a taste like mine who would stand here without a shudder ? How quiet it all is < 1 wonder how the chnrch looks inside.' She was passing the porch to look in at one of the small windows, when she saw, to her astonishment, that the door was half open. With a smile at the thought of the extent to which Sir Bichard's anger and amazement would have gone had he but known it, she pushed the door open, and entered. Sbe stood in the nave, admiring the weird beauty of the moonlit pillars and carvings, and then walked slowly around the aisles; A vivid roy of moonlight fell upon a. large white marble tablet, and attracted her attention to it. The tablet was no curiosity to her, but she always looked at it whenever she entered the church. She knew the lines by heart, but she read them again: •ACHED TO THE MEMOBY OF AGATHA, WIFE O* BIB BICHABD BASTLEIGO, BAJTL,, Born Juqe 6th, 18—, Died December 11th, Id—. ' To Lady Hartleigh 1' she murmured. ' Yesi that is the world's way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is offered as an atonement for a life of wrong-doing, as a compensation for yearo of suffering. Such atonement and compensation as it is, she has bad paid to her ; but what atonement has been made to that other suffering woman, betrayed and deserted ? I forget. An atonement haB been made, and it is I who have snatched it—1, the daughter of the betrayed, wronged, deserted woman 1 Atonement, do I say 7 What atonement could be more complete ? 1, the child of the deserted woman, and in the place of the rightful heiress, am the acknowledged daughter and heiress, bear the proud Hartleigh name, wear the family diamonds, can marry, if I choose, the heir to the title. Mother!' and die stretched out her arms, with a passionate sob; ' have I not already kept my oath? What more can yon demand ? What more ? Is it not enough ? Mother, be satisfied 1' With a gesture almost of appeal, she let her arms fall to her sides, and with bent head moved from before the tablet. As she passed into the deep shadows cast by one of the pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her —one of those strange sensations by which we are convinced that, hitherto unsuspected by us, we feel that some otber human being is near us. She heard nothing, saw nothing, yet sbe felt that something strange and mysterious was near her. For the first time since leaving the terrace fear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from the unknown and touched her. White as death, not trembling, but with every limb as rigid as'the stone figures on the tomb, sbe leaned against the pillar and stared before her. A minute—it might have been an age—passed, and she was about to make a great effort to recover her presence of mind, when, with a horror no tongue can describe, she saw a white substance gliding from the chancel. With noiselees, regular movements, it seemed to float down the aisle, now lost in the shadows, now white and distinct in the moonlight. Cold beads of sweat stood on Maida's face. With starting eyes Bhe watched, powerless to move a limb or utter a cry: one thought alone possessing her, in the shape of a vague prayer, that the Something might not approach her or turn its face. Slowly the white figure reached the nave and was gliding toward the door, when all at once, as it came opposite to the tablet to the memory of Lady Hartleigh, it threw np its arms, and turningfull towards Maida, wailed mournfully: ' Mother ! mother!' With an awful horror, Maida Baw that the face was that which she had last seen lying cold and rigid in a far-away land. For one moment she stared in speechless horror, and then started forward, with a wild cry. The face turned frOm the tablet, with an expression ef horror not less than Maida s own, stared an instant, and then, with a wail, cried: ' You ? Is it you, then?' The cry rang in Maida's ears like a call from the dead, and, with a piercing scream, she sank senseless on the cold stones. It seemed to Maida that an age had passed when she recovered consciousness, and slowly, fearfully raised her head and looked at the spot where she had seen the accusing face. She gave a great gasp of relief when she realized that .she was alone. Painfully sbe rose to her feet, murmuring : ' Havel been asleep, or—or was it a vision ? No! Such things are not possible. There are no ghosts, save our own evil consciences. And yet —and yet—ob, Heaven, how like it was 1 And— and—there it stood—there; by her mother's tablet, uttering her name—crying * mother, mother!* It was a dream—only a dream; but one more such dream would drive me mad.' It was Bome minutes before she could summon sufficient courage to leave the shadow of the pillar and make her way to the door; but at last she passed out of the church, and closing the door behind her, stood in the porch, drawing her shawl around her, and struggling hard to gain composure.—(To BE CONTINUED) LC 15 