M)E1U)EEX-STREET R-ll'TlST cm-ecu.; j The anniversary services in connection with the Aberdeen-street Baptist Church, were fuiilier celebrated yesterday by a tea ami public meeting An excellent repast was j>ro vided in the schoolroom to which a large com pany did ample justice. As soon as the tea was finished an adjournment was made to the church in which place the public meeting was held. After a 113*11111 had been sung aud a pra\\*er offered, the chairman (liev. Allan Webb} delTrercd a short address. He stated tliat tlic past year luid been oue of great spiritual blessing to the church. A goodfy* number had joined the church, many of them being from the Christian Endeavor Society. He referred to the special services that had been held, and said thai although very little result liad lieeu seen yet, it was IioiHjd tliat some fruits would soon be fouud. Tlie secretary said lie had not prepared a report, but was able to congratulate the members on the prosperous 3*car they had irnssed. During the year about 21 in*, tubers had joined the church. Xu connection with tue anniversary tliis 3*ear they had adopted a new plan. Instead of liaving ti(iets]»riuted. and distributed for sale, the tea was free and a collection made, aud he did not think that there would lie an\\* loss iinancialh*. The treasurer's account showed a debit balance of about £lS->- The year liad been commenced with a debit balance which had been reduced by about -£ib There was a mortgage 011 tlie manse of £1200, but It was hojted. tliat tliat would soon be - iped off. The Itev. W. Eddy sjioke upon the need of the baptism of the "Holy Ghost, setting forth in a clear and instructive manner the needs of everyone who would become a Christian. The Holy Ghost was the life of the church, for although a church might have competent .officers, it would be useless without the power of the Hol\\* Ghost. The Itev. A. It. Edgar spoke on the coinlitiousof receiving the Holy Ghost, in a stirring and enthusiastic manner. The Itev. J. G. Davics w:is tillable to attend iiersoiially, but he sent a written address with a request that it should be read verbatim- The chairman com plied with tbe request of thy rev. gentleman. ; During the evening the choir rendered several I very effective anthems in a finished manner. Tlie meeting was closed with ihe benediction. Lhe ladies who presided over tlie tables, and to whom great probe is due, were: Mrs "Webb, Hiss Markhaw., Mrs H- Day, Mrs Clements, Hrs Curtis, Mrs Seeley. Mrs Lindsav*. Miss Puniell, Miss Vines. Miss Vtgar, Miss Carr, Hiss Dalton, 3I?ss IVeller, 3Ess Harris, Miss 3Yale« Miss birwood. 31iss Anderson,Mrs Burnt, Mrs England, Miss Gemuead. 