-ICE BO6UND:" \--0 B> W. (IARK RUSSELL. \- CHAPTER -Continued, daAs than the wine and spirits in thb lazarette and forehold. The run remainedtobeexplored-the after part, I mean, under the lazarette deck to the rudder post-but I had seen enough; crawling about that black interior was cold, lonesome, melancholsework, and it was rendered pe culiarly arduous, by the obligation of caution imposed, by my having to bear a light amid a freight mainly 'formed of explosives and combustibleiatter. I had found plenty of coal, and that sufficed. So I returned by the same road I had entered, and sliding to the bulkhead door to keep the cold of the fore castle out of the cook room, I stirred the fire into a blaze and sat down before it to think. 'a CHAPTER XIV. # AN ?aTraoDInAIsY OCCURRERCE. While I sat smoking my pipe it entered my head to presently turn those two silent gentle men in the cabin out of it. It was a task from which I shrank, but it must be done. To be candid, I dreaded the effects of their dismal companionship on my spirits. But how was Ito dispose of them? I meditated this matter while I smoked. First I thought I would drag them to the fissure or rent in the ice just beyond the stern of the schooner and tumble them into it But even then they would still be with me, so to speak-I mean they wosId be neighbors, though out of sight; and my eagerness was to get them away from this island altogether, which was only to be done by casting them into the sea. I settled my scheme thus: First, I was to haul the figures as best I could on to the deck; then, there being three, to get them over the side, and afterward, by degrees, to transport the four of them to some steep, whence they would slide of themselves into the ocean. Yet so much did I dread the undertaking, and abhor the thought of the tedious time I foresaw it would occupy me, that I cannot' imagine any other sort of painful and distressing work that would not have seemed actually agreeable as compared with this; S My pipe being smoked out, I stepped into the cabin, and ascending the ladder threw off the companion cover and opened the doors, and then went to the man that had his back to the steps-but mycourage failed me; he was so life like, there was so wild and fierce an earnestness in the expression of his face, so inimitable a picture of horror in his starting posture, that nly hands fell to my side and I could not lay hold of him. I will not stop. to analyze my fear or ask why, since I knew that this man was dead, he should have terrified me as surely no living man could: I can only repeat that the pros pect of touching him, and laying him upon the deck and then dragging him up the lad. der, was indescribably fearful to me, and I turned away shaking as if I had the ague. But it had to be done, nevertheless; and after a great deal of reasoning and self-re prbach 1 seized him on a sudden, and kicking away the bench let him fall to the deck. He was frozen as hard as stone and fell like stone, and I looked to see him break, as a statue might that falls lumpishly. His arms remaining raised put him into an attitude of entreaty to me to leave him in peace; but I had somewhat mastered myself, and the hurry and tumult of my spirits were a kind of hot temper; so catching him by the collar I dragged him to the foot of the companion steps, and then, with infinite labor and a number of sickening pauses, hauled him up the ladder to the deck. l I let him lie, and returned weary and out of breathISHe had been a very fine man in life-of beauty, too, as was to be seen in the shape of his features and the particular ele gance of his chin, despite the distortion of his last unspeakable dismay; and with his clothes I guessed his weight came hard upon 200 pounds-no mean burden to haul up a ladder. I went to the cook house for a dram and to rest myself, and then came back to the cabin and looked at the other man. His posture has been already described. He made a very burly figure in his coat, and if his weight did not exceed the other's it was not likely to be less. nothing of his head was visible but the baldness on the top and the growth of hair that ringed it, and the fluffing up of his beard about his arms, in which his face was sunk. I touched his beard witha shuddering finger, and" noted that the frost had made every hair of it as stiff as wire. It would not do to stand idly contemplating him, for already there was slowly creeping into me a dread of seeing his face; so I took hold of him and swayed him from the table, and he fell upon the deck sideways, preserving his posture, so that his face remained hidden. I dragged him a little way, but he was so heaVy and his attitude rendered him as a burden so surprisingly cumbrous, that I was sureIcould never or my own strength haul him up the laddertYet neither was it tolerable that he should be there. Then, thought I, if I was to put him before the fire, he might presently thaw into some sort of sppleness, and so prove not harder than the other to get ppn deck I liked the idea, and without more ado dragged him la boriously into the cook room and laid his close to the furnace, throwing in a little pile of coal to make the fire roar. 'Dragged him Zccboriously into the cook room. I then went on deck, and easily enough, the d ckbeingslippery, got my first manto where the huge fellow was that had sentineled the vessel when I first looked down ppon her; but wheni I viewed the slopes, broken into rocks, which I, though unburdened, had found hard enough to ascend, I was perfectly cer tain I should never be able to transport the bodies to the top of the cliffs. I must either let them fall into the great split astern of the ship, or lower them over the side and leave the hollow in which the schooner lay to be their tomb. It was mighty comforting on returning to the pablo to find it vacant, to be freed from the scare of the sight of thptwo silent figures. I drew my breath more easily au4 stopped to glance around. It was the barest cabin I was ever in-uncarpeted, with no other seats than the little benches. I looked at the cru c~fix and guessed from the sight of it hat, whatever might be the vessel's natio, she had not been sailed by Engllshmen. I peeped Into poor Folly's cage-if a parrot it wa- and the sight of the rich psiinage carried my Imagination to skies of brass, to the myste rious; green'aolitude of tropic forestasto islands fringed with silver surf, in whose sunny fashing sported nude girls of fault lessa forms, showing their teeth of pearl in merry laughter, winding amorously with the blue billow, and filling the aromatic breeze with the melodyof their language of the sun. Hal thought I, sailors sm some changes in their time; and with a hearty sigh I stepped into the cook room. I started, stopped, and fell back a pace with a cry. When I had put the figure be fore the fire he was in the same posture in which he had sat at the table-that is, lean ing forward with his face hid in his arms; I had laid him on his side, with his face to the furnace, and in that attitude you would have supposed him a man sound asleep with his arms over his face to shield it from the heat. But now, to my unspeakable astonishment, he liay on his back, with his arms sunk to his side, and resting on the deck, and his face upturned. I stared at him from the door as if he was the fiend himself. I could scarcely credit my senses; and my consternation was so great that I cannot conceive of any man ever hav ing labored under a greater fright. [I faintly ejaculated "Good God!" several times, and could hardly prevent my legs from running awa;`vith me. You see, it was certain that he muist have moved of his own accord to get upon his back. I was prepared for the fire to thaw him into limberness, and had I found him straightened somewhat I should not have been surprisedL But there was no power in fire to stretch him to his full length and turn him over on his back. What living or ghostly hand had done this thing? Did spirits walk this schooner after all Had I missed of something more terrible than any number of dead men in searching the vessc4l I had made a great fire, and its light was strong, and there was also the light of the lantern; but the furnace flames played very lively, completely overmastering the steady illumination of the candle, and the man's fig ure was all a-twitch with moving shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to steal out of the side and bulkheads and disap pear upon my terrified gaze. Then, thought I, suppose after all that man should be alive, the vitality in him set flowing by the heat. I minded myself of my own simile of the current checked by frost, yet retaining unim paired the principle of motion; and, getting my agitation under some small control, I ap preached the body on tiptoe and held the lan tern to its face. He looked a man of 60 years of age; his beard was gray and very long, and lay upon his breast like a cloud of smoke. His eyes were closed; the brows shaggy, and the dark scar of a sword wound ran across his fore. head from the corner of the left eye to the top of the right brow. His nose was long and hooked; but the repose in his countenance, backed by the vague character of the light in which I inspected him, left his face almost expressionless. I was too much alarmed to put my ear to his mouth to mark if he breathed, if indeed the noise of the burning fire would have permitted me to distinguish his respiration. I drew back from him, and put down the lantern and watched him. Presently his left leg, that was slightly bent toward the furnace, stretched itself out to its full length, and my ear caught a faint sound, as of a weak and melancholy sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is alive! and with less of terror than of profound awe, now that I saw there was nothing of a ghostly or preternatural character in this business, I approached and bent over him. His eyes were still shut, and I could not hear that he breathed; there was not the faitest motion of respliration in his breast nor ir in the hair, that was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, so far as the light would suffer me to judge, there was a comnplexion in his face such as could only come with flowing blood, however languid its circulation; and putting this and the sigh and the movement of the leg together, I felt convinced that the man was alive, and forthwith fell to work, very full of awe and amazement, to be sure, to help nature, that was struggling in him.4 My first step was to heat some brandy, and while this was doing I pulled, open his coat and freed his neck, fetching a coat from the cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I next removed his boots and laid bare his feet (which were incased in no less than four pairs of thick woolen stockings, so that I thought when I came to the tlird pair I should find his legs made of stockings), and after bathing his feet in hot water, of whiclh there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with hot brandy as hard as I could chafe. I then dealt with his hands in the like manner, having once been shipmate with a seaman who told me he had seen a sailor brought to by severe rubbing of his extremities after he had been carried below supposed to be frozen to death, and continued this exercise till I could rub no longer. Next I opened his lips, and finding he wanted some of his front teeth, I very easily poured a dram of brandy into his month. Though I preserved my astonish ment all this while, I soon discovered myself working with enthusiasm, with a most pea sionate longing indeed to recover the man, not only because it pleased me to think of my being an instrumentunder God of calling a human being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because I yearned for a companion-some one to address, to lighten the hideous solitude of my condition,and to assist me in planning our deliverance. I ouilt up a great fire, and with much trouble, for he was very heavy, disposed him in such a manner before it that the heat was reflected all over the front of him from his head to his feet. I likewise continued to chafe his extremities, remitting this work only to rest; and finding that the brandy had stolen down his' throat, I poured another dram in, and then another, till I think he had swallowed a pint. This went on foir an hour, during which time he never exhibited the least signs of life; bqt on a sudden le'sighed deep; a tremor ran through him; ho.sighed again, and partly raised his right hand, which fell to thesock with a blow; his lips twitched, and a small convulsion of his face compelled the features into the similitude nf a grin that instantly fadedi then he fetched a suc zesion of sighs, and openedhis eyes full upon I was warm enough with my work; but when I observed him looking at me I turned of a death like cold, and felt the.dew of an intolerable emotion wet in the palms of my hands. There was no speculation in his stare at first-his eyes lay as coldly upon me as those of a fish; but as lifo quickened in him so his understanding awoke; he slightly knit ted his brows, and very slowly rolled hisga z ofa me to the furnace, and so over as much of thie cook room as was before him. He then started as it to sit up, hut fell back with a slight groan and looked at me again. "What is thisl" said he, in French, in a very hollow, feeble voice. I knew.esough of his langnnuage to enable me to know he spoke French, but that was all. I could not speak a syllable of that tongue. a "You'll be feeling better presently; you must not expect your strength to comne in a minute," said I, takling my chance of his un derstanding Ple, and speakinsg that he muight not thinli me a ghost, for I doubt not I was as white as one--since, to be plain, the mere ialking to a figure that I had got to consider as sheerly dead as anybody in agrave yard, was?alarming enough; and then, again, there was the sound of my own voice, which I had not exerted in speech for ages, as it seemed to me. -,; He faintly nodded his head, by which I percel ed- he understood me, and said very faintly .in English, but with a true French accent, "This is a hard bed, sir." "I'll speedily mend that," said I, and at once fetched a mattress from the cabin next 'mine; this I placed beside him, and dragged him on to it, he very weakly assisting., I then brought clothes and rugs to cover him with, and made him a high pillow;'and as he lay close to the furnace he could not have been snugger had he had a wife to tuck him up in his own bed. I wasvery much excited; my former ter rors had vanished, but my awe continued great; for I felt as if I had wrought a mir acle, and I trembled as a man would who surveys some prodigy of his own creation. It was yet to be learned how long he had been in this condition; but I was perfectly sure he had formed one of the schooner's peo ple; and as I bhad guessed her to have been horeupward of fifty years, the notion of that man having lain torpid for half a century held me under a perpetual spell of astonish ment; but there was no more horror in me nor fright. He followed me about with his eyes, but did not offer to speak; perhaps he could not. I put a lump of ice into -the kettle, and when the water boiled made him a pint of steaming brandy punch, which I held to his lips in a pannikin, while Isupported hisback with my knee; hbe supped it slowly and painfully, but with unmistakable relish, and fetched a sigh of contentmentas helay back. Buthewould need something more sustaining than brandy and water; and as I guessed his stomach, after so prodigious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids as beef or pork or bacon, I mused a little, turning over in my mind the contents of the larder (as I call it), all which time he eyed me with bewilder ment growing in his face; and Ithen thought I could not do better than manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit and a piece of tongue minced very small. This did not take me long in doing-the tongue being near the fumnace, and soft enough for the knife, and there was nothing to melt but the wine. When the broth was ready I kneeled as before and fed him. He ate greedily, and when the broth was gone looked as if he would have been glad for more. "Now, sir," says I, "sleep if you can" with which he turned his head, and in a few minutes was sound asleep, -breathing iregu larly and deeply.. · ·........ --CHAPTER X-V-. THIn PIRATE'S STORY. 1 -Ilighted my pipe and kit smoking, think ing he would presently awake; but his slum ter was as deep as the stillness I had thawed him out of had been, and he lay so motion less that, but for his snoring and harsh breath ing, I should have believed him lapsed into his former lifelessness. At 8 o'clock the fire was very-low. Na ture was working out her own way with this Frenchnus, and I detersined to let hint sleep where he was, and take my chance of the night. The gale made a great roaring. The ship's stern lay open to the gorge, and but for her steadiness I might have supposed myself at sea. I snugged-me down amid the coats and cloaks in my cot, and, obstinately holding ay eyes closed, ultimately fell asleeq. It was, a little after 7 when I awoke. I lighted the lantern, but upon entering the passagethat lead to the cabin I observed by my own posture that the schooner had not only beeledmore to larboard, but was far ther "down by the stern" to the extent of several feet. Indeed, the angle of inclina-. tion was now considerable enough to bring my shoulder (in the passage) close against the starboard side when I stood erect. The noise of the gale was still in the air, and the boom ing and boiling of the sea was uncommonly loud.. I walked straight to the cook room, and, putting the lantern-to- theFrenchman, perceived that he was still in a heavy sleep, and that he had lain through the night pre cisely in the attitude iun whic I had left him. His face was so muflied that little more than his long hawk's bill nose was discernible - It was freezingly cold, and I made haste to. light the fire. There was stilL coal-enough in the corner to last for the day, and before long the furnace was burning cheerfully. -I. went to work to make some broth and fry some ham, and melt a little block of ruby colored wine; and while thus occupied, turn ing my head a moment to look at the French man, I found him half started up, staring in tently at me. This sudden confrentment threw -me into such confusion that I could not speak.: He moved his head from side to side, taking a view of the scene, with an expression of the most inimitable astonishment painted upon his countenance. He then brought the flat of his hand with a dramatic blow to his fore head, the scar on which showed black as ink to the fire glow, and sat erect. "Where have I been?" he exclaimed in French. "Sir," said I, speaking with the utmost difficulty, "I do not understand your lan guage. I am English. Youspeakmytongue. Will you address me in it"' "Englishl" he exclaimed in English, drop ping his head on one side, and peering at me with an incredible air of amazement, "How came you here? You are not of our com pany! Let me see"- Here he struggled with recollection, continuing to stare at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as if I was some frightful vision. "I am a shipwrecked Britishmariner," said I, "and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner." "Hal" he interrupted, with prodigious vehemence, "certainly;~ we re frozen up-I remember. That sleep should serve my memory so." He made as if to rise, but sat again. "The cold is numbing; it would weaken a lion. Give me a hot drink, sir." I filled a pannikin with the melted wine, which he swallowed thirstily, "Morel" criedhe. "Iseem to want life." Again I filled the pannikln - "Good!" saidhe, fetching a sigh, as here turned the vessel; "you are very obliging, sir. If you have food there we will eat to. gether." I give the substance of his speech, but not his delivery of it; nor is.-it necessary that I should interpolatp my ren.ering with the French words he used" SThe broth being boiled, Igave him a good bowl of It along with a plate of bacon and tongue, some biscuit and a paninikin of hot brandy and water, all which things I put upon his knees as he sat upon the mattress; and to it he fell, inakisig a rare Inial.' Yet allthewhile heate hle actedtlike a man be witched, as well he might,'stariig at me and looking round and round him, andthendrop ping his knife tostrike his brow, as i0 by that kind of blow he would quicken the ac tivity of memory there. "There is something wrong," said he, pres ently. "What is it, sirs This is the cook room. How does it happen that I am lying here!' " I told him exactly hlow it was, adding that if it had not been for his posture, which obliged me to thaw in order to carry him, he worad now be on deckwiththe others, await. ing the best funeral I could give him. "Who are the others?"' asked he. s "I know not," said I. "There were four in all, counting yourself; one sits frozen to death on the rocks. I met him first, and took his watch from his pocket that I might tell the time." He took the watch in his hands, and asked. me to.bring the lantern close. "Hal" cried he "this was Ifendoza's-the captain's. I remember; he took it for the sake of this letter upon it. He lies dead on. the rocks? We missedhim, but didnotknow 'where he had gone.".. Then, raising his hand and impulsively starting upon the mattress, he cried, while he tapped his forehead, "It has come back! Ihave itl Giuseppe Tren tanove and I were in the cabin; he had fallen blind with the glare of the ice-if that was it. We confronted each other. On asudden he screamed out. I had put my face into my arms and felt myself dying. His cry aroused me. I looked up and saw him leaning back from the table with his eyes fixed and horror in his countenance. I was too feeble to speak -too languid to rise. I watched him a hile, and then the drowsiness stole over me again, and my head sank and I remember nomore." He shuddered, and extended the pannikin for more liquor. I filled it with two-thirds of brandy and the rest water, and he supped it down as if it had been a thimbleful of wine. "By the holy cross," cried he, ":but this is very wonderful, though! How long have you been here, sirP?' "Three days." "Three days! an.ll have been in a stupor all that time- nevc: moving, never breath. Ingr V "You will have been in a stupor longer than that, I expect," said I. "What is this monthP' he cried. "July," I replied. "July-July!" he muttered. "Impossible! Let me see"-he began to count on his fingers -"we fell in with the ice and got locked in November. We had six months of it; I recol lect no more. Six months of it, sir; and suppose the stupor came upon me then, the month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet you callthiaJealy-thatis to say, four months of oblivion) Impossiblel" "What was the year Ia which you fell in with the ice" said I. "The year?" he exclaimed, in a voice deep with the wonder this question raised in him; "the year? Why, man, what year but m1753" "Good God!" cried I, jumping to my feet with terror at a statement I had anticipated, though it shocked me as a new and frightful revelation. "Do you know what year thisis!" He looked at me without answering. "It is 1801," I cried; and as I said this I re coiled a step, fully expecting him to leap'up andiexhibit a hundred demonstrations of horror and consternation; for this, I am per suaded, would have been my posture had any man roused me from a slumber and told me I had been in that condition for eight and forty years. He continued to view me with a very strange and cunning expression in his eyes, the coolness of which was inexpressibly sur prising and bewildering, and even mortify -ing; then presently, grasping his beard, looked at it; then put his hands to his face and looked at them; then pulled out his feet and looked at them; then very slowly, but without visible effort, stood up, swaying a little with an air of weakness, and proceeded to fept'lhd rike himself all over, swinging his arim9 and using his legs-after which he satildowl andspulled his clothes over hisnaked. feet,andi, fixing his eyes.on me afresh, said: "What doyOu say this year is, sirl" "Eighteesihundred and one," I replied! "Bah!" said he, and shook,his-head very knowingly. "No matter;- yow .hare been shipwrecked, tool Sir, shipwreck shuffles dates as a player does cards; and the best of us will go wrong- in famine, loneliness, cold and peril. Be of good cheer, my friend; all will return to you. Sit, sir, that I may hear your adventures, and I will relate mine." I saw how it was; he supposed me de ranged-a mortifying construction to place upon the language of a man who had restored him to life; yet a few moments reflection taught me to see the reasonableness of it, for unless hethought sme crazy he must conclude I spoke the truth, and it was inconceivable he should believe that he had lain in a frozen condition for eight and forty years, " I have no doubt the disorder my mind was in helped to persuade him that I had not the full possession of my senses. He ran his eye over y my figure and then round the cook roon, and said, "I am impatient to learn your story, sir." "Why, sir," said I, "msy story is summed ip in what I have already told you." But that he mnight not be at a loss-for to be sure, he had only very newly collected his intel lect=frelates my adventures at large. He drew nearer to the furnace while I talked, bringing his covering of clothes along with him, and held out his great hands to toast at the fire, all the time observing me with scarce a. wink of the eye. Arrived at the end of my tale, I told how only last night I had dragged his companion on deck, and how he was to follow but for his posture. "Ha!" cried he, "you might have caused iny flesh to mortify by laying me close to the' fire. It would have been better to rub me with snow." He poked up one foot after the other to count his toes, fearing some had come away with his stockings, and then said: "Well, and bow long should I have slept had you not come? Another week! BySt. Paul, I might have died! Have you my stockings, sirs' I gave them to him, and he pulled them over his legs and then drew on his boots and stoodup, the coats and wraps tumbling off him as he rose. "I can stand," says he. "That is good." But in attempting to take a step he reeled, and would have fallen had I not grasped his arm. I. . "Patience, my friend, patience!" he mut tered, as if tohimself. "I must lie a little longer, and with that he kneeled and then lay along the mattress. He breathedheavily and pointed to the pannikin. I asked him 'whether he would have wine or brandy. He answered "WVine," so I melted a draught, which dose, I thought, on top of what he had already taken, would send him to sleep; but instead it quickened his spirits, and with no lack of life in hisvoIlce, he said: "Whatisthe condition of the vesseli" I told him that she was still high and dry, adding that during the night some sort of change had happened, which I should pres ently goon deck to remark. '"Think you,"' says he, "that there is say chano of her ever being liberatedP ~, \- Ianswered, "Yes, but not yet; that.is, if the ice in breaking doesn't destroy her. The summer season has yet to come, and we amse progressing north; but now that you are with me, it will be a question for us to settle whether we are to wait for the ice to release the schooner or endeavor to effect our escape by other means." A curious gleam of cunning satisfaction shone in his eyes ashe looked at me; he then kept silence for some moments, lost in thought. "Pray," said I, brsaekig in upoga him, "what ship is this?" He started, deliberated an fits~nt , swered,'The Bcoca delDreaLong?. "A Spaniard!" . He nodded. . "She was a piratel" said - (To be Continued) 