THE S.A.G.G. BnrJen t. Buchanan. 1 qUEEB BATTLE. TTho Ueforee Deolares It No Fight. - AeoodasBomblago of spectators rolled np on Monday evoning laBt to witness a fight to a finish at the abovo club between Mr. C. Burden, tho presont lOst champion of New Sonth Waloa, and Mr. Bnohanan, who olaima hat he is the amateur, champion of Quoons and. Provious to tho event of tho ovening »roe willing four-round. bout3 were nat on. Ibe first was between Clifford, of Waterloo, and Jaokson. of Botany, a couplo of strongly built lads, who mada tho go a willing ono from tart to finish, and wero rewarded with a good dhowor of silver. Chummy Brown and Chiddy lyan foUotvod, and sparred three good roands. Chummy, though as game as they mako thorn, was no mh'.cb f6r Chiddy, who completely out olaased him. Tho bout was a willing one ;hroughont, and Chummy had to quit in the ;bird round, owing to his band (which ho njured in bis recent fight with Lewis) going lack on him making it too painful ? to use. Chiddy has improved a lot, and ought to mako thinga sultry for any feather-weight in the world. Herbert Sinnott, from Melbourne, and ' Mat Harmy, a pupil of Tom Taylor's, then stepped into the ring, and proceeded to knock chips off each other from tho jump. Sinnott is a splendid specimen of a fighter; a well and cleanly-built young follow, who has a good pair of bands, and knows how to use thorn. Ho is a pupil of Petor Newton's, and1 does him every crodit. Sinnott made the paco so strong that Harmy, who bad been recciver genoral right through, was glad to quit in tbe third round, when tbe referee callod tlio men off. Sinnott just did as he liked with him, and could have silenced him in tho first round had he felt disposed to do so. The principals and their seconds next appeared on tbo scone. Burdon.wbo.was the 'first to appear,' being followed by his brother, Davis, and another as seconds, whilst the Quoenslaader, who closoly followed them, had for his soconds Jack Fnllor and Mick Dooley. Burden scaled lOat 31b, and the Quoonslander lOst 71b. Tho Rpin of tho com favored the former, and tho Queenslander took tho 'hoodoo' comer. Tho difference between the men so far as regards boigbt and ago was most noticeable, Buchanan being over 43 yoars old, and tbo possossor of a bald head and grey moustache, whilst Burden, who was inohes shorter than his opponent, looked young enough to bo Uia opponent's son. Tho Queenslander cvidrast?y meant business, and no time was lost in get ting to work. Bound 1. — Both opened cautiously and sparred for an opening. Burden got home a left on tbe body twice, and the Quoonslander rnemnnrin/1. hnf, w[ia etinrfr 'Rnfl, In4- em lafr-. and right, and thon sparred cautiously. Buchanan again tried the loft for the face, and the right for the body, which Burden cleverly evaded. Burden lot go with a good left and was countered. Corners. Bound 2.— Burden lod with a loft stab on ?tbo throat, to which Buchanan rosponded with a right-hander, but ho was abort. Tho Quoonslandor let go a left for the mark, and was smartly countorod. . Burdon thon loft hooked him hard on tho body, and followed it up with a right on the ribs, but Iho banana land representative did not soora to mind it a bit. Somo sparring, then Buchanan missed a splendid chance for tho point, bnt got homo a good loft on tho dial and a right on tho body, o which Burden replied with a nasty right on the ribs. Bound 3. — Both men were cantions, nnd Burden was blooding at the noRe from the effoots of a well- diroctod loft from Buchanan, who promptly increased tho flow by Rending in another loft on the saino place. Burden thenrnshedto closo quarters, and somo half arm work followed. Breakingaway Buchanan sont homo another left, bnt thore was no',; much power in it. Ho tried a well moa'it right for tho point, but missed. Bound i. — Burdon shot tho loft twice or«iho mark, and Bnohanan replied with a rig,i^ on tbo riba. Burden then hooked him bxyd.on tbo body with tbo loft, and got borne. «, right hander, which was meant for the. point,; but andod too far round. Tho Queensland?,!- sent homo a loft stab on tho throat and a r!,f;ht for the body.'~Somo cautious sparring, Burden round tbe ring out of distance, then corners. Bound 5. — This was a most extraordinary performance. Buchanan lod n. yery mild oft and down Burden wont. !Ho took bis time and got np again, went, closo up to Bnchanan, who tapped him VFith the right, from which bo wont down and4 stopping there, was conntod out. There vms a tremendous uproar at all this, nnd yells of ' Snhlontor.' *l Turn him out,' &c.; could bo heard on all aides. Mr. Broomfiold, tio roferoe, thereupon got into the ring and promptl v declarod tho match no fight, a decision whicu. was received TTitli wild yells of applause. Personally, I . cannot understand what induced Burden to net ns ho did. for ho Beomed to be going stron-/ and well, and I think myself that ho coflld, if ho gavo Uis mind to it, easily beat tho Quocnslander inside ton rounds. As tlia men wero leaving the ring, Burden got unand explained that ho had only had four (lays' training. That boing tbe case he was in no condition to fight and should never bavo gono into tho ring. Mick Dunno then offered to stop Horb. Sinnott in four rounds, but failed to do so, the young Viotoriati being far too clevor to give Mick anything liko tbo ghost of a chanco of doing what ho said he would. This brought the. evening's amnsomont to olose. 