A B A B Y GH.OST, (THE AVAIEUB CASBAI,). . {Continued.) CHAPTER II. JAMES GREENWOOD lbs. Glizzard saw nothing of Phil iPilbeam nest day. He was too deeply engaged in getting drunk with the halfsovereign. Nor did he pay the witch a viBit the day following. Hat the mornafter that/ he came to her in a strange state of agitation, half-laughing one moment, and the next bia teeth chatter- ^ og with terror. «Where is the child ?' he asked, but Mrs. Glizzard made no other response than by placing a finger on her closed lips. : 'He—hemuetharebeen very pleased,' said Phil huskily, 1 it eoon came to hiB knowledge. I—I have received a letter. 1 ' From (Satan, do you mean ?' she a&ed; coolly, and as though it waB a common thing for the author of evil to correspond with his clients through the post. 'No; from a firm of lawyers I never heard of before. It is something to my advantage. Bead what they say.' And Mrs. Glizzard took the letter in her hand. ' Dear sir—Having ascertained your present address from an anonymous correspondent—who also informs us that you are passing as Philip Pilbeam, instead of John Gompertz—we have much pleasure in informing you that your uncle, Eeuben Gompertz, late of Jamaica, is deceased, and that you inherit his estate. Please call immediately at our office and we shall be happy to supply you with all particulars. • Yours obediently, ' VELLUM & PODNCEX, I rr n' I^coln's Inn Fields, -r . -^nilip Pilbeam, Esq., otherwise John Gompertz.' ' What^shouid you eay it meant) ma am?' Pilb eftm asked. ' Money, of course,' the witchanswered shortly. 'Wfotever else could be to yqur advantage-now Y But who could the anonymous corres- P who wrote t0 the la w y« s M or Mrs. Glizjsajd focussed him with her squinting e ye> and helped hereelf to a of e nuff her tin box. Couldn t y 0U mate a g Uessj' 8t e asked him w; th a grin. 'Leave him awne for p rompt attention to business! «i M at6 you S oin g the lawyers ?' «Id go this very morning, ma'am, but I haven't got a penny even. Would you mind advancing me a pound. That will make thirty shillings I owe you.' ' You don't know what you owe me yet, and I can't tell you till you go and hear what the lawyers have to Bay,' said Mrs, Glizzard with a frown. ' I don't work for nothing, remember!' Fearful of giving offence, Phil hastened to assure her that he had no desire that she should do BO, and that he would pay her handsomely. And, with that, he took the sovereign and went off. It was late in the eveniag when he returned, much flushed and excited, and dresBed in a bran-new suit of clothes. He had been away all day with one of the lawyers, and had proved his identity and his claim to the old Jamaica sugargrower's money, which amounted to no less a sum than two thousand pounds. The estate had been sold as directed in his uncle's will, and that waB the amount realised. He had drawn fifty pounds on account. • And now,' eaid Phil Pilbeam, pro- ducing iiis well-stuffed purse with a flourish, ' I will settle up with you, old lady, and have -done with it. Tou shan't eay I am stingy or ungrateful. Thirty shillings I borrowed of you, and there's a five-pound note—three-pun- ten for your -troubled 'For my trouble in providing you with materials for you to write out your confession of murder,' returned Mrs. Glizzard, coolly. ' Well I don't grumble at that, ink and paper are cheap. But what about the expenses of burying ? You have had one experience, as you informed me, and it cost more than you cared about paying.' ' What! my wife, you mean ? Bather! Why, the thief of an undertaker charged me fourpounds ten for that. I'll pay you, of course. But don't try to impose on me. It oughtn't to be much. Why, you may see painted up at Old Tappers', at the corner, ' Children's funerals thirty shillings!"' Mrs. Glizzard's squinting eye seemed to twinkle like a diamond, and 6ho he'ped herself to a pinch of snuff, larger even than the previous one. ' Hah!' she said, ' your child-burying will cost you more than that. It will cost you five hundred pounds!' He burst into a coarse laugh. •What? You think to take advantage of me, do you ? I'll see you hanged first!' * ' It sounds well from a man with a . rope round his neck,' retorted. Mrs. Glizzard, angrily, 4 to talk about seeing other people banged! Say but another word to vex me, and you shall find what will happen!' He was cowed by this covert threat. • Well, we don't need quarrel. You are as deep in it as I am, at any rate.' • As deep in the crime. And why not as deep in the money as well ? Don't exasperate me. Pick up your paltry five-poend jaote, and take yourself off.' Her fast words Seemed to inspire him with a sudden and pleasing idea. It was so apparent in his: face that she need not have been a witch; to; have noticed it. 'No tricks, mind!'- she remarked, shaking her forefinger at him warningly. ' What do you mean ?' he asked confusedly. t- ' Don't think to'slip off yoti have it K in your mind, JJonlt try It.' You have "" a master,'"bftW, rC'membeK . Do you know hie power ? , :Ygu baye already had a tastefatiit:' -Butthat is nothing. WHY, Y^P^6BIR-^A^ST 1E , IAUGHEA' the such a^tin-' ^ plemnt^^^pJi^pJbaamVipin"' til arrow'. 'If you hadwingi to fly he would put out his hand, and—exactly so! Just like that!' It saved her the trouble of completing the sentence verbally. Symbolic of what his fate, when •caught,' would be, a little moth, that had been fluttering about the candle on the table, blundered at the identical moment into the flame, and with a fiz and a splutter of tallow was instantly burnt up. Phil gasped and changed colour. 'I dreamt about her last night,' he remarked falteringly. ' Nothing more likely,' returned Mrs. Glizzard lightly. «That can't be avoided. There never yet was a murder done, bat that the murderer was haunted. Did she come to your bedside? Did she threaten you ?' ' It was worse than threatening,' eaid Phil .' Pilbeam, wiping bis forehead. 'It was moonlight and I was lying awake, and there came a tapping at the window juBt such as the beak of a bird might make. I could reach the window curtain where I lay, and I put out my hand and put it aside, and there was her little white figure kneeling on the window sill, and her hands clasped and her eyes so beseeching, as though she was begging of ma to let her in.' ' Why didn't you V ' What!' and Phil covered his eyes with a shiver that seemed to shake him to his very knees. 'No thank you. I would soonor give a hundred pounds than see her ghost again. I'd sooner have let in a madman armed with a knife; I don't dare sleep iu that room again. I've bought a bottle of brandy,' and he showed her the neck of it sticking out of the breast pocket of his new coat. •FJ1 get dead off to sleep to-night, wherever I lodge.' 'Pah! you are nervous and cowardly,' the witch remarked, contemptuously. ' Go home to your bed, go home to your bed, and Bee me in the morning. You will be another man then.' She was right, though not exactly in the sense her words were intended to convey. He was indeed another man, and by a very early hour in the morning, too. It wanted yet an hour of daylight when Mrs. Glizzard was awakened by pebbles thrown at her bedroom window, and looking down into the street there was Phil Pilbeam ! There was a gaslamp near at hand, and by the light of it she could make out his face, ghastly pale, and his blood-shot eyes, and she opened the casement just a little. ' For the love of the good Lord,' ejaculated the trembling wretch, with bis hands clasped together, ' let me in!' And fearing that the neighbours might hear if she let him say anything 6ho hobbled down stairs with all speed and opened the door. ' Shut it; bolt it tight,' he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper, as soon as ho was in the passage. ' She has been- with me again! She won't leave me! She tat on my pillow, and would not let me sleep, though I drank all the brandy to the last drop.'- Mrs. Glizzard had her bed-chamber candle in her hand, and for that matter no more, besides an old shawl, than her bed-chamber apparel on her back, and what with the frilled night-cap, she looked more like a witch than Phil had yet seen her. She saw how it was with him. His habitual drunkeness had made him a likely subject for delirium tremens* and the bottle of brandy had done it for him. You had beet come and lio down on the couch in the parlour,' Bald she, ' and I will make you a cup of tea.' ' No! no! no!' He had not come for that, and he wrung his hands des- pairingly. Could nothing be done for lim? Could not the terrible curse he had brought on himself be Bomehow removed. Can the dead be brought back to life ?' she asked him mockingly. Yes, seemingly! Scarcely were the words out of her mouth when the creak of a door at the stair's bead caused him to start and look in that direction, shading his eyes with his hand as he peered into the gloom, and there, in her white robe, waB the apparition he so dreaded. With a gasping cry he fell on his knees and then on his face, insensible. It was a risky trick, for such was his i fright he might have died there and then. But, old as she was, she was strong and wiry, and she dragged him into the parlour, and made him some-; thing of a bed there, and a few hotirs afterwards he was in a burning fever. But she paid a heavy penalty for what 6he had done. It was easy fur her - to account for his being in ber house, for occasionally she took lodgers, and, unassisted, night and day, she nursed him. But he probably would never have got well, had .he been allo tred to Relieve that he was a doomed man with a murder to answer for. When his fever had passed the crisis, too weak to ruse a hand to hiB head, his remorse was terrible, and if prayers and tears were reliable evidences, sincerely contrite. Then, judiciously choosing an opportunity, she prepared him for the joyful truth, though by no means sure but that:he would turn instantly fierce against her. His unspeakable thankfulness, however, as well perhaps as a consciousness of his deservings for his treatment of his wife, and of his little daughter after the mother was dead, subdued him completely, and with little Lucy clasped in his arms, he willingly gave Mrs. Glizzard the forgiveness for which hhe pleaded so earnestly.- Now the best proof that he bore her ;no animosity was shown in the fact that on the day when, quite a changed man, he sailed with his darling daughter for Australia, he made her a present of a hundred pounds out of his legacy. TUB END. 