? ? The battle of New Unionism is not to get any fancy or 'Utopian Bystem immediately put-into-operationi — It is— for—the acknow- — lodgment of certain undeniable facts and the adoption of principles which will enable the OUUC bU W»H.t3 UUUVIU1 ui buj pniviuuuu industry whenever that is demanded in the interests of aruTbv a majority of the people. It is said that the New Unionism is Socia listic and aims at the overthrow of represen tative government. What is representative government but the outward form which gives -expression— to theHidea-:- * * That th« people nhnnlrf pmrara ?' What the new unionists quarrel with is not the idea, bulb the form and- expression which they say are inadequate to carry out the idea. Therefore they aim, not at the overthrow of representa tive^ovemment,— but-on-the-oontrary seek ? the only means whereby it can be made to give true expression to the principle on which it is supposed to exist, namely : the sovereignty of the people. With this object in view New Unionism organises for political purposes and seeks electoral reform as a first step. When this ~ demand is made it is amusing and instructive to hear the small but cunning minority, who have in the past controlled all legislation in their own interests, now howl against what they are pleased to term class legislation. Very significant this that the fear of class legislation should trouble only those who, under the present system, enjoy privileges and deny rights to others. % Those who oppose one-man-one- voto Bay. they fear-olass legislation but they boliovo vor ? plural voting. They also condemn the New Unionist as a crank who possesses an imagi nary panacea for all social ills, or else they attack him as a violent revolutionist pos sessed of a firestick and an insane desire to rob anyone and share with everyone. Surely they are not idiotic enough to imagine that any sane person can be deceived by their fictitious battle With this Socialistic bogey man of their own manufacture ; specially construc^ed-to%e4raoekedi)ut in-one ^ound. — A cause that stands in need of such bare* faced misrepresentation to bolster it up is doomed. The abuse and condemnation . heaped upon New Unionists shows how little the iclafsps understand the feelings and aspi rations r«f the masses. Their intention un doubted lv is toinjure the movement by their abuse, but as usual it has the contrary effect, so we ran v safely leave them_aione, confident that the development of present industrial conditjoi's will inevitably resuhrTn-^wiping them ot)^ ; tfaatis, provided they don't ? mit suici-'e in the meantime. Tbe future is ours. The new dangers that threaten us arise from within our own ranks. If ^e~OTe~wise we will recognise thi^TriTtime ? and guarl against them before it is too late. Even no*r we hear more of Labour represen tation th -in we do of industrial reform, more of LaboTTr menibers than of Labour measures. We see i prospective candidates for parliamen tary honours affecting an air of superior wis dom and cultivating the dignified demeanour popularly supposed to be the attribute of eminert statesmanship. . _Ii__is. not ^gratifying to note the several. ? varieties of polieal aspirants that are spring ing n p in the ranks of Labour. All of them are worth watching while some which need transplanting into other and more congenial BoiLmaribp recognised among ^ the following samples : — The self-assertive, loud-mouthed, obstinate man who knows nothing except that he is determined to run whether he is —r selected or not : the man who imagines that he is the one who has a chance of being re turned, who Jjelieves that everyone wants him to run, that nobody else has the ghost of aTshow and^hatirheTloesn't run the enemy will be sure to collar the seat j the bogus mam ? ' rfio^r^ndsjtojjffiifriendlj^onabour. Taut ~ who will^runin the interests of the 'Patriots*' for the purpose of dividing the__ labour votes ; the sincere man in whom am bition has got the better rif judgment and who is, unconsciously deluding himself iwithl the idea that he is not only the best man but the only one animated by pure motives^ the insincere man who accepts the platform not because he believes in it; but because he imagines that the objectionable and most ad vanced planks will not be fought for imme diately, but will be brought forward to meet with defeat at some very distant date. One of these samples if^ returned as a Labour man might do more injury to the cause than a dozen straight men could do good, therefore some means should be adopted to prevent discredit falling on the movement through the action of any individual. To secure this I am of opinion that no person should be recoemised as a Labour candidate who has not been endorsed by the A. L.F. Before being endorsed each candidate should send to the General Council of the A. L.F. a written pledge to resign when called upon by a two-thirds majority of his constituents or by a two-thirds majority of the party. He should also give a written pledge to vote with the party on all Labour queptionsr^Without this there can be no discipline and without discipline there is no trust or reliance to be placed on any man. In fact, unless Labour men are united it is useless returning them. As ipolated indi viduals they would be useless, in fact they would be worse for they would discredit the movement, disgust members and probably throw Isack reform Tor years. Better far to have a few men solid and united, who know what they want and arc determined to fight for it, than a number of Democrats (?) whose deuire is to be equal to their superiors aiid superior to their equals.— Gildkut Casky. 