Sporting Intelligence. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMSi . -~ IN the second entriesel received for the Cal cutta meeting, both Honest Ned and Escapade have been nominated for the principal races, and in a couple of weeks or so we should hear the results of some of them. English bookmakers will be pretty well represented at the meeting, for Mr. Topping and the brothers Robinson were to arrive before the commencement of the meeting, and Mr. Brower, an American, who plies the pencil in the East, had alrcady arrived; so had Mr. Brittain. The Indian Planters' Gazette states that Camillus is the fittest, of the Australian horses, and looks much better than Bravo, who, it is said, will take all Southall's care to prepare him. Cyclops roare like a bull, so they any, and Pm sorry for it, for over long distances he would have beaten most of them. The Eng lish horse Pennant is nsaid to be in great form, and he seems to be fancied more than anything else for the Viceroy's COup. A sand nccident occurred on the 'Calcutta course through a spectator on a pony coming into conteact with Ar. Oscar William Mallite, who was riling anothsr pony at a gallop. Mr. Mallite was the only one injured, and he was conveyed to the hospital, whore he died two or three days afterwards. In a gallop be tween Ifoorhouse and Bravo, ridden by ,Gerard and Trahan, the former is reported to have had the best of it, and the latter looked the reverse of fit; but as this was a month before the meeting there was ample time to make considerable improvement in him. At the Sonepore meeting the English horse Ljord Harry beat Knightsbridge and others in the Hutwa Cup, Marque being third. Midas, an Australian horse, ridden by J. Robinson, won the Brokers' Cup, and for Messrs. Jessup and Co.'s Cup the Australian pony Jeesie beat the English pouices Treasure and Sunlight. The Australian gelding Vedette, ridden by our countryman, Captain Oarandini, beat the English horse Padlock and others in the Bettish Cup. At the Calcutta Monsoon Meet ing, in November, the Australian pony Lady Loch, ridden by Mr. Mallite, who was subsequently killed, won a hurdle race. Our old friend The Ghost won a selling race, and Charity, Favourite, Little Samson, and Jasper, all Australians, won the other r-.ces. At the Meerut meeting the Australian pony Edith, ridden by Scott, won the Pouny Steeple chase, beating several Arabs. J. Robinson, on an Australian pony called The Joker, beat 11 others, Arab, English, and Indian bred ponice, in a selling race, and Trahan, who used to ride Commotion and other horses for Joe Morrison, won a pony race of 1000 rupeoes on an Australian pony named Troguin. The principal race of the meeting, the Maiden Eclipse Stakes, of 2000 repees, was won by an Arab pony named Teviot, ridden by J. Robinson, who is now about the most successful jockey in India. The old Austra lian Fusilier won the Steeplechase. 