WTT AND HBMOyUR. INFLUENZA OR OUTFLUENZA. Dr. Gresowell, the medical expert to the Public Health Board, recommends as a means of preventing the spread of " the " Influenza, that all handkerchiefs nod other linen used by the patients should be boiled immediatole. We strongly advise the use of (Genuine Mato Soap (Heart and Arrow reand), as it is the %et dis. infeetant for that purpose, and its use will keep the house perfectly sweet,.-[Asyvr.] A RFOR?IT was brought un for medical in spection, and the doctor asked llun: " Have you any defectt ?" SYes, sir,I am short-sighted." " Hflow can you prove it ?" " Easily enough, doctor. Do you see tha;t nail up yonder in the wall '" "Y Yes." ' Well, I don't," EVaERe one has his price, but brides are given away. - A connEsrovDn.aor wants to know how long eels live ? About the same time as shorteels, we suppose. A Drvonas Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. THE grammar-school girl at the boarding house may be asked to parse the butter but not to analyse it. A young lady attending a party should have a I female chaperon until she is able to call some other chap her own. "Do you play the banjo?" "Not when there are any people round." " Why net?" " They won't let me." TElm coming woman will not marry until she is able to support a husband in the style she has been accustomed to at home. "SrsE has her father's eyes," said Chappie admiringly. "Yes,". sneered Miss Jellus, "and I suspect she is wearing her mother's hair." "SEAsESrCEaSS" says amodern wit, "is like a belief in ghosts; no one will admit that it troubles him, but everyone has misgivings on the subject." " BRIDGET, I cannot allow you to recoeveyour loverin the kitchen any longer." "It's very kind of you, ma'am. buthe is almost too bashful to come into the parlour." " Tars most graceful of domestic animals is the cat, while the most awkward bird is the duck," saysan observer of nature; but it won't do to use these facts for a basis if you want to call a woman pet names, Tossr passed the parlour door just as his sister and her lover were concluding a sonfer. once about something, overhearing the remark " will put our heads together and see what we can do." Entering the library he heard his father remark of the spooning pair," They're a crack-brained couple anyway. ' " Guess they're all mended now, pop," said Tommy, "cause I just heard em' say they'd put their heads together." Dooron : "My dear Mrs. Quiverful, how could you bring out a young child on such a day as tlis? It's fifteen degrees below freezing." Mrs. Quiverful: "AAh, doctor, you will always have your joke. How can a child of this age possibly know anything about the thermnometer ?" The ball was dark. I heard The rustle of askirt. "Ha, hal" thought I, "I'll catch You now, my littlo flirt." Softly I sallied forth, Resolved, when I had kiesed her, That I'd make her believe I'd thought it was im sister. The deed was done. Oh, bliss: Could any man resist her? Apology was mnade Alas ! it was my sister! Aarl:alt 'srE WALTz.-The Gallant: "leally, I amn intoxicated with your beauty." The I Frank Girl: "Is that it? Mamma said she thought it was the champagne." A QUIET INSTRUMENI.-" ThOer," said the toy man, to Billie's father, "that drum's the fiaest in the market. It can't be boat." "I'll take it. A drain thatcan't be boat is just the thing for my boy." Nov YTnr DISer:nATE.-Middle.agedSpinster (as tramp comes into the yard): "What do yon want hero-anything to eat?" Tramp: W' hat else should I want, madam ? Did you ttink I came to offer a proposal of marriageP" Hx WAs I.vcronsn.-Dora: "I do adore dogs." Van Wind: "Aw, how lovely- for me." " Why. how so ?" "The chapples all say I'm such a deuced clevah dog, don't you know." CARnIED Oair INSTnooTrros. - Mamma: "Johnny, aeo that you ive Ethol the lion's share of that orange.5' Johnny : "Yes, ma." Ethel: "Mamma, he hasn't given me any.' Johnny: " Well, that's all right. Lions don't oat oranges." 'LE.AsANv rolt ANrrmo.-Aunt Hlopzibah: "What a pretty gown you have on, Amanda!" Amanda (lust from the City): "I know you would like it, auntie. It's horribly vulgar and out of style at home, but I told mamma it would be nIl rightfor the Country. )oyely day? Imn't it ?" HAnau (at the ball): " You look lored and tired, old man." Jack: "Well, who wouldn't. I've been swinging dumb belles all the evening." Moss van Dyke: "Don't you dance at all, AMr.de Witt?' Tom do Witt: "No. I have. never learned how." Mise vanDyko: '?That's nothing; lots of meon dance who nave neveor learned how." AT a fancy- dress hall one evening, Diggo met a lad of his aequaintance most superfnlially attired in green gauze cut very e1 c etie. "What a beautiful costume. ?ey I nsk what. you roeresent, " 'I am Amphitite," replied the lady. "A, yes, the goddess of the sea. I sco-at low tide, I suppose?" M?r. (4GAYnoT (esverel7y): ' What time did you got home last night?' Gayboy (cautiously) : "lOh, a little after dart:." Mrs. Gayboy-: " lAter dnrk? Why, it was daylight when yet0 ,ark?" Th. PTncrss Soo,,ovaic tea called ol to attend Hostetter M'Ginnis, who complained of a painin his chest. "That's dyspepsia you've got," said the doctor. "What does tha come fromP" "Dyspepsia? That comes from the Greek." usE WA c'T TA?INSG CnI.CEns. The iron harse like lightning sped, O'er hill and valley swiftly fled ; A couple, handsome and well-bred, Sat clmly reading side by side. The lady was surpassing fair, The gallant knight was debonair, Theirs was the blithe and buoyant air Of youth and loveliness and pride. Then darkness come with obon.bue A tunnel they were passing through ; (A better chance not oft appears). Thongh pitchy darkness then theytlew Oh, golden opportunity ! Butdid he stetl a kies? t 'ot het Oh. no: the reason was, you see They had been married several years! 