The Congregational Union.of New [ South Wales. j PUBLIC MEETING OP THE UNION. On Wednesday evening a public meeting in con- nection with the Congregational Union was held in the Church, West Maitland. There was a very large attendance. The Rev. James Hill, M.A., occupied the chair. Tho proceedings commenced with the singing of the hymn, " Jesus shall reign whore e'er the sun," after which the Rev. B. Rhodes led in prayer, following which came the hymn, " Oh, Master, let me walk with Thee." ? The Rev. T. HOPE, of Waverley, delivered an address on church membership: its duties and responsibilities. He described the feelings with which he set ont to attend the meetings, knowing nothing of the place, and of many of his brethren in the ministry and delegates whom he was to meet and of having to address the meeting. In speaking in the subject he had chosen it would not be neces- sary for him to dwell upon the constitution of the church. Suffice it to say that the church of the New Testament, as he read it, was simply a society of believers in Jesus Christ. Faith in Christ : that was the one simple bond of unity. The meaning of the churoh in the New Testament was not used of the body as a whole, and the members of the various churches were spoken of as believers, saints, the faithful in Christ Jesus, the sanctified in Christ Jems, called to be saints, saints in Christ Joaua. Hence they held that the basis of Congregational- ism and the qualification for church membership should be a lively faith in the Son of God ¡ that it sLould be open to all who had faith in the Lord Jesus. The church was a society of believers who acknowledged as their head Jesus Christ, and Him only, and was independent of any outside bond, such as pope, prelate, or presbytery, or even Con- gregational Union. They claimed for their churches the right to manage their own affairs. They held that it was not only the right but the duty of each mem- ber of the Churoh to take part in the management of the church. They held that every member of the Church had equal rights and privileges. The church was regarded as an association of souls all equal before God-whatever differences there were without they were all equal within the Church. They recognised no lordship over God's heritage no head save that of Christ himself. That being so memhership involved responsibilities : they were in duty bound to support their church or society of be- lievers of which they formed a part. They sometimes forgot that. Church membership was not merely the accepting of a privilege ; it was tho undertaking of a responsibility. He wanted to set forth a few practical duties that devolved upon those who were admitted into the fellowship of the churoh. Church membership therefore involved hearty co-operation in the work of the Church, and in the work of God No one could share that responsibility. A wealthy man could not by giving money shift his responsi- bility upon his poorer brethren-every man must bear his own burden. A lack of the recognition of that fact resulted in non- attendance at church meetings. It was often said that they ought to make the church meetings more interesting. They would be more interesting if each attended and took part. They recognised the right of no men or body of men to manage their affairs-all had an equal voice and an equal vote in matters affecting the Church's well-being. If they shirked their responsibility and left the management of the church in the hands of a few, they should not complain if things did not suit them, and yet these were the people that complained An important part of the business of those meetings was the reception of new members into the church. He pointed out the difficulty to ascertain the fitness of the candidate if not well known, and the responsibility of every member of the church in the matter, and the preventing of the admission of those who disgraced the church by dishonouring their profession. There was another matter, and that was of finance, in which every member of the church had his own responsi- bility to carry out. While they had esteemed men as deacons who had specially to look after the finances, the deacons were simply officers appointed by the church, and could only act under the churoh's directions. The poorest equally with the richest had his burden to bear, and each should give of his gifts as the Lord prospered him. He must pass on to the spiritual duties of church membership. The very constitution showed that they must work together for God. There must be no idlers. Those who belonged to the church must take an interest in Christ and His kingdom ; they must miss no opportunity of speaking the word, and of bringing others to the knowledge of Christ. There would never be the need for more workers if each one took hie or her share in the work. But some forgot their duty and simply attend the church once or twice a week. He believed they had in their churches sufficient ability, energy, and life to carry on successfully if all would carry out their work. All they wanted was the feeling of responsibility, and to enquire what work they were most fitted for. There were diversities of gifts in the Christian church to-day as there were in the times of the Apostles, but they were all useful and needed if the work of the church was to be carried on successfully. There was work for young and old if they would only seek for and do it. Each of them could be profitably employed if they felt that Christ called them, and went and did something for Him, and they would win from Him at last " Well done thou good and faithful servant." They should all see how neces- sary it was to co-operate in the work of the church. In conclusion there was one thing that was es- pecially involved in church membership, without which, it would be an utterly worthless thing, merely a name and nothing more, and that was a full and complete consecration of the heart and life to God. Without that all their efforts would be vain, and they would never succeed. Oh for a full and more complete consecration to Christ ! Then they would go on rejoicing seeing the work of God prospering in their hands. That it may be so let all, parsons and members alike, awaken to a fuller sense of their responsibility, and seek' a more earnest and faithful discharge of their dutieB. If they did that there would come to the churoh the cry that came to Israel of old-" Awake ! awake ! put on thy strength, oh Zion." (Applause.) ' | Hymn : " Oh, it is hard to work for God." The Rev. GEORGE CAMPBELL, of Burwood, de- livered an address on "High water marks in Church life." He referred to the lesson to be drawn from the attendance at those meetings, not the one stated by Dr. Bushnell in Nature and the Supernatural, that man was a sinful being and liked to be told of it, but that he had a spiritual life, and wanted that life nourished and edified. In that beautiful garden, the valley of the Hunter, there were some high-water marks. He was told that floods occurred at times ia that particular part. Having their origin in the highlands they swept down seed and soil, rising and spreading, soaking and covering, and depositing on the Boil the rich alluvial as it went down, leaving a high- water mark indicated by (he rioh soil, from whick heavy and rich harvests were taken from it year by year. Those were high-water marks, and so it was in every department of human activity. Shakes- peare says There ia a tide in the aOaira of men, Which, taken, at the flood, leads on fortune -, Omitted, all the voyage of their life Is bound in shallows, and In miseries. There were in the hearts of men frequent floods which left high-water marks, which were known by the rich crop of grain, and fruit of living holiness and spirituality. They as Christian men had high-water maries, and as they lived up to them, they would have fruitful feelings, and the wealth of the Providence and riches of God conferred upon them. Was it not remarkable that the Congrega- tional body, the Nonconformists of England were credited in history, after the Puritans, with being the bulwarks and defenders of the work of the Holy Ghost in the hearts of men. Professor Smeaton, in his classical work on the Holy Spirit told them that, and said it would be an evil day 'for themselves and for England, if they parted from that spiritual religion. That statement to him was like a trumpet call to battle, caused him to study the New Testament, with greater j real and honour the Holy Spirit more and more. i He quoted Hondson Taylor, who told them he had lost nine years through his overlooking the fact that it was the work of the Holy Ghost that convicted the hearts and opened the understanding of men, and brought the truth to the individual. When he discovered that there was a change in his life and the result of his labours was the passing of 220 missionaries into Central China at the sacrifice of all they held dearest in life. He dwelt upon the importance of holding this knowledge of the work of the Holy Spirit and of the important results that would flow from it. Then there was another thing : faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. If they received the operation of the Holy Spirit thou it followed naturally that they would have faith in a living Christ. Thty would believe in his power and put their whole trust in Him. He pointed out the im- portance of possessing this faith in Christ, and if they possessed it they would live up to the high water mark. Some might ask was it necessary to believe the whole of the Bible to be saved. Speak- ing for himself, he would say to 3uch an one that he did not hold the Bible to be a scientific book. He believed there were errors of science, of chronology, of grammar in the book, but he should receive the Lord Jesus Christ and he would be saved. Lights to other things would be given to him. It was by faith in Christ by which they were to be saved. Now a word or two as to the high water mark in Christian conduct. Live up to the high water mark in their private duty. He instanced tho determination he made when he went courting and was married t« perform all his duties to his wife as a husband, and the result had been that his whole married life had been a continuous honeymoon. They were in earnest in living up to a high standard in their marital life, their family life, their political life, their commercial life ; but he asked were they as consistent in the discharge of their church duties, as they knew they ought to be, or as they were in their other relations of life. If they were not, it arose from a lack of fidelity to duty. He pointed out the wonderful manner in which Christ trusted them, and asked should they not trust Him. If they strove indeed to do that they would live up to the high water mark in the Christian life. He de- scribed in a graphic manner the persecutions of missionaries in China, so that they asked whether they should not flee from their post in Central China. They were told to remain, and they suffered all sorts of insults and injuries without replying. So much so that the Chinese began to wonder what was the power and force that made them endure all this patiently, and their lives told so on the Chinese that Mr. Hudson «aid the con- versions grew at such a rate that it exceeded what could have been accomplished by ten years' preaching. He instanced the law of sympathetic vibration as shows by a pendulum set going im- parting its force to a stationary one, and the latter keeping up the movement after the first had ceased. There was a latent talent of music in the gas globes, even in that room, which, if the key note was struck by the human voice, could be dis- covered. The same thing existed in their spiritual life that they might realise the fact of the same sympathetic vibration in grace as there was in nature. It would have the same effect on the com- munity in New South Wales as on that in China. Thus, if their loyal hearts were generated, God's loving spirit was shown forth cheeifully and natur- ally it would set other hearts in motion, and the two would begin to beat and men would' Bee their works and would glorify their Father who had Bet their hearts in motion, and they would give forth the music of gratitude from their souls. (Applause.) TheCHAiKMANrefered to the greathelp they would receive from the addresses they had heard that night and previously. The Church of Christ was a body in which all the members fitly joined together grew into a holy temple. There were two ideas which he wished to refer to, as to the bringing of their hearts into harmony in this tangled world. They were liberty on the one hand and harmony on the other. Some people thought they had the right to distract and disrupt the whole body of which they were members, and others thought they should restrict the rights which others claimed. It was given them K9 churches to work out that problem. Unity was desirable, but it must be a unity off differences. While not destroying their individual peculiarities they must be united or they would be ont 0£ harmony in the higher life in all their members. The spirit that would harmonise all their differences and resolve them into himself, was that of love. Then they must not forget that a mere assembly of human beings was not a church, any more than a collection of bones was a man. What they wanted was spirit. The chief characteristic of life was vitality. What they wanted was that spirit that united all differences and filled thom with feelings that would make them all work together for a common object. They must have a motive ' and that motive would not be learning or science, but one they derived from connection with the Lord Jesus Christ: "I am the vine, ye are the branches." There had been much talk at those meetings of unification of the church. What they wanted was the unity which Christ would give them. Christ had promised them his peace. It was not so much the means as the ultimate issues they must grasp. That was the only way for an individual in that age of per- plexities to obtain that peace. The great lesson for the age was love of God. We should love Him because He first loved us. If they only stretched out their hands for that they would enter into the peace of God which passeth all understanding. They should not forget the practical lessons incul- cated of financial and individual exertion. What they wanted in this age was systematic giving. They should give as they had received. In the very act of giving they received, as the act was a victory over self. A, collection was then taken up. The Rev. ROBERT DEX explained that during those series of meeting they had been without the «services of the Chairman of the Union, who this year was the Rev. Dr. Roseby, who was now on his way to England to attend the meetings of the In- ternational Conference in a few months. They had therefore te fall back on the ex-chairman, the Rev. J. G. Fraser, and that night they had a previous chairinax presiding. A dnty devolved upon him that night, which gave him great pleasure indeed. I At that stage of their meetings it was usual to thank the congregation who had entertained them. | It would ill become them to break up the assembly without thanking their friends in Maitland who had invited them there so heartily, and who had received them so cordially and entertained them so royally. (Applause.) Nothing could have exceeded the kindness with which they had been received in Maitland. Many daughters have done nobly but she had exceeded them all. (Applause.) He had very much pleasure in proposing a hearty vote of thanks to the pastor and members of the Maitland church for their generous entertainment of them. Mr. C. E. WIGZE&L; seconded the vote with much pleasure. He referred to the difficulty of the housing ef all their number, but it had been done. He thought, too, many of the people did not know of their resonrces. The only regret they had WBB that their wives were not with them. (Applause.) When he went back and told his wife of the way they had been treated, she would want to come with them the next time. His coming to Maitland hod given him one thing that he had hoped for-a trust in his fellows. He had been able to sleep without locking the door. He was glad to think that people could live in trust of their fellows, and could go to sleep without locking their doors. The motion was carried by the ministers and delegates, standing, with acclamation. The Rev. A. W. BROUGH (who was received with applause on being called on to make some announce- ments), said first of all he desired to thank the Union on behalf of the church for the cordial vote of thanks. It had been a great pleasure he could assure them for their Maitland friends to entertain them. Much more so than it was for them to come. He hoped before many years were over to have the pleasure of entertaining them again. Some of their members had never been away from Maitland since they came there, in some cases extending over forty years, and were therefore cut off from all enjoyments of such meetings as were taken part in in the metropolis, and he would ask them to accept his thanks for their presence there on that occasion. Various announcements were made, and the meet- ing was closed by the Chairman with prayer. 