LADY CHEI'WYNDS ' ! : C .P .TRE, RaePTER dXXIJ 4 TUNINIIG IUP STRANGELY. ' 'We understand that the unfor tuzie couple'leavd no children; the adopted daghter, Miss Bernice Gwel. lan,liaving.died over a.yeer since. But they will not die unmourned. The humble islanders of St Kilda will mourn the noble sacrificing m;mister and his wife as children mourn a parent. The good they did, shall live after them.' "'r Tempest stared at the concluding sentences in a rigid horror. 'Dead!'.he said, hollowly; Bernice is dead. The Gwellans are dead also. I have waited too long. I have left my sacred duty undone, and now it is too latel -Bernice has been dead a year! I shall never see her to implore her for giveness:for.leaving her. all her young life on that .dreary island. I shall never feel her kiasei on my cheek- never" hear her call me' father. In all my imaiginings I never dreamed of this. Oh Bernice, my pc r wronged child, o~tcast.from her. father's heart because 'of her.mother's falseness and deceit,'shall:I oever see your innocent face egaini Now I know that, unsuc pected and unknown to me, 1 look forwarid to a runion with my child. My child! Good heavens! I am written childless I ,l:am alonel I have no voyage to: make. now. One look a t my false wife's face, myself unseen,and I shall go baclk to Tartary. He'boired?is grandihead and wept aloud;?" ""', O, APIE,... , .E I: X . COETrWNDAT HOME AEAIN. Nd joy bejll were wrung at the return of the MItrqis of Ohetwynd from his wanderinges; c flower arches bloomed; no lhineii lanterns were lighted; there were no fireworks, no gathering of ten astry, o feseeting, no manifestations of gladneEs. :Tte =young lord drove home' from F~o.dhrne'in an open carriage with Mr inders. and Gilbert Monk, in a dull gl6m oef'a'lowering March 'after jOonupude.r the fbowning English sky, fwhi eemedcontinually upc.- thepoint ofdrolping rainupon them. His lord ship's heart was heavy. It was impos. siblelllat he should not be reminded of that9lthei' inome.coming, when lihe had bro?bot his young bride with him. He sat glPomily silent during, the 'drive to O?betyrnd.bySea. hut as they entered the l?Pg straggling street of the little hamle, his lordship'seyes dwelt upon the ggyq stone parish church, with it's selender.5tone spire, and he exclaim, S ad- , was the tablet put upas I diy`etP y "lord,'..said the bailiff. 'The, inscrily lsn as yos,wrote .it,, was cut into m94 ,B: and the slab of marble was let i0tPAthe church wall, and fixed solillpyinto place.' . . ielordehip' sighed heavily.,' The ffliigts' came 'out of their houses and b .~entO ' welcome their returniag' .landl ofj- ili? : f"arly ;houts were ,cknoo kdg& rn silence.. fhi csrr ýicoveýý+fýý SOgg the 'pal : e } and soon out into the country again, and in the shadows of the bordering Ohetwynd woods. The carriage turned in at the lodge gates, and,the marquis aroused h'mself to speak to the lodgekeeper. He was silent as they passed up the avenue. They drove into the carriage porch, and Uhetwynd alighted and went up the steps w:th a pale face and still silent mien. There was no marshalling of servants in thegreat hall. The butler and the housekeeper stood inside the door to give their master welcome, and at a little distance in the shadow of the staircase, like some bird of ill omen, stood old Rages the Indian nurse of Sylvia Monk, her withered black face looking weird and witch-like under hbr heavy red turban. The marquis shook hands with his faithful servants, bowed to the old Indian woman with his never failing courtesy and allowed the butler to pull off his great coat. Ridding himself of gloves cap, and muffler, his lordship passed into the drawing room, Monk and Sanders lingering in the heall. The drawing room was very inviting after the chill gloom without. There were three glowing fires, one in each polished grate. The amber ratin cur tains were drawn back from the wide recessed windows. An easy chair was drawn up before one hearth, a sofa before another. The vases upon the white marble mantelpiece were crowded with hothouse flowers, whose long tendrils trailed against the wall, Among the various pictures which adorned the room was a fine portrait in oils of the young marquis, painted two years before. This portrait was exquisitely wreathed with flowers, and under it. upon a small bracket draped with amber velvtt under point lace, was a lovely bouquetof odorous bloss oms. A suddel moisture dimmed Ohet wynd's eyes at this evidence of regard for l'm. Only one person in the house was capable of so delightful a trib ute of welcome. He looked around for her. The long, luxurious room had no oc:upant besides himself. He called quickly, half impatiently 'Sylia!' There was a fluttering sound in the drawing room and Sylvia Monk tall and regally handsome:in her swarty u hast Indian beauty, and dressed in a sort of half mourning wearing a sweep u ing robe of purplb :velvet and ornaments '.ftlanminf~nnrl?..amethystse with a red gleam in the null tactm.esn-ot~eion now opening eyes red roseson her dusky olive cheeks and asmile of rapture on her red lips came softly, swiftly, with sinuous rush to meet him. e He held out his hand to her; but she t put up her face to be kissed. 'Oh Roy, dear Roy,' she breathed in a rapturous voice, resting her head r upon his shoulder. 'Welcome home t -a thousand times welcomel' t She drew back from him upon the , instant, as in maidenly modesty, and $ he noted the red flush mounted to her e .ce, her eagerness and excitement, e d in her drooping eyes he read the 2 ict that she loved him. t He withdrew towards the fire with a s feeling almost of repulsion. He had no wish for love other than a calm sisterly affection. Miss Monk took r the alarm, and swept after him to the marble hearth, and laid her hand upon 1 his arm, and said, in a tone of tender e -leading 'Dear Roy, if you only knew how I t have looked forward to this hour! I have thought of you by day and I ny-night. I have wondered where you were, and wept and prayed for your return; and now you are come, aid I fnd you changed-cold-con strained He. voice gave way in seeming t sobs,.She dropped her head. 1'Not changed to you, Sylvia,' paid Ohetrynd, affectionately taking her in his arms. .My dear sister of whom Sli have often thought in my wanderings I am not the man 1 was two years ago. My sorrows have changed me. hat I am the same Roy to you.' t He kissed her and at the same moment Gilbert Monk and Sanders entered the room. Sylvia slipped awayfrom his t lordship, flashed and satisfied, and Monk and the bailiff exchanged signi ficant glances. Sanders remained to dinner, and retired with the marquis to the library oon after, having requested a few minutes' private interview with his I lordship. 'I don't care to discuss business, this t evening, Sanders,' said the young lord a os the two entered the dim, Moorish a library. 'We will look over theo eidcbunts any day you like, but not to night.'.. Itwas notto talk of the accounts that I asked a few minutesa' interview iy lord,' said the bailiff. 'You will find them all right whenever your lord ship may be pleased to examine them. I hope you will pardon my presumFp tion, my:lord, but I loveyou sa if yoen iere my own son, and I would give much to see you happy. I can hardly I say what I wish. It is about Miss i l'Well, Sandersel' ald'his lordship kindly. S'Miss Monk has rmained at Ohe wnd Park during all your absence, my lord, living the life of a'i nun, as I one might say,' said bailiff speaking with aa effort I poor. I deemed it only just to say to 3 your lordship that there is a report that Miss Monk is to be married to you. People knew of your early betrothal to her, and I desire to suggest, for the sake of the lady herself, and if there is no prospect of marriage between your lordship and her, Whis Monk ought to be sentaeway from Ohetwynd I Park. A longer residence here is sure to blight her prospects of a marriage with any one other than you. I hope you will not think me forward or pre sump'uous. If your lordship chooses ever to marry, you can do much better than to marry Miss Monk, but if you are not intending to marry her,l repeat she should bse sent away.' 'Where couldjshe go!' 'I don't know, I'm sure, my lord, this is her only home.' '1 on have taken time by - the fore lock assuredly, Sanders, speaking to me on this subject upon the very dayiof my return,' said his lordship. 'Miss Monk has a right here, and she will stay in spite of the gossips. I do not intend to marry again.' 'But my lord,' cried Sanders eagerly, 'you are so young still. It is your duty to marry; who is to inherit Ohetwynd after youl Your lordship may perhaps never love again as you have loved, but surely some reward is due to thelonely woman in yonder who has waited the best years of her life for you, and who loves you better than she loves her own soul. No one knows'that I am making this appeal to you: 1am over stepping the bounds of my proper sphere, but I am an old man, Lord Ohetwynd, I loved you in your boyhood; I love you still-I know you will forgive my presumption. If you do not marry you will go wandering off again to foreign parts, where you will die. If you marry you will keep at home, i benefit your tenantry,make one woman I happy, and, perhaps have noble sons and beautiful daughters to take your place when, in fulness of time; you are gathered to your fathers.Mirs Monk was your mother's choice for you,young Lady OLetwynd loved her. My lord you know what a cruel thing gossip is. People say here that Miss Monk was jilted by you before, that she's dead in love with you but that since you can marry a duke's daughter you will not marry her. Forgive m- 'It's all right Sanders;' said the marquis gravely; 'It may be that I owe Miss Monk C renaration-it may.be-- But say t some future time. I am not ofen You are going! Well good night!' g Sanders took his leave. He had e spoken to Chetwynd from a convic- i tion of duty, but had not said half he t intended. Chetwynd returned to the drawing g room. Sylvia and Monk were there, t the former pacing the room uneasily, a the latter seated before the hearth a with a dainty bit of wool embroidery. a Sylvia look up brightly as his lordship F entered, and dropped her work upon her lap. The marquis approached her and took a seat near her, the words of the c steward mingling in his thoughts with t the last words of Bernice. t His lordship had a grandly chival. a rous nature. The fact that this woman i loved him, and that the gossips made busy with her name therefore I entitled her to his tenderest protection. a He did not love her except in a frat- t ernal way, but he began . to questioL a within himself if he ought not to marry I her. He had been betrothed, to her. His mother had desired the marriage. Bernicehad begged him to marry Sylvia., . People evidently expe-ted such a I marriage, and Sylvia herself teemed I to expect it. He began, therefore to moot the question in his own mind, i Sylvia smiling sweetly upon him, : was conscious of the struggle going th on within him. Her love and asr.j bition were both aroused, and she bent wx herself to the task of winning him re now, upon that very night ' She mean he to renew her' betrothal before she p: slept. ni Gilbert Monk continued to walk t' sh and fro. 'He was equally anxious witt he Sylvia for her marriage to Obetwynd. 8j Until that marriage should come of BI his game in regard to Bernice was I blocked. in He was thinking thus when the hal porter opened the door and aiproache sei him saying-- ' ho 'Mr Monk, there's a losr fellow i. ap the hall who say he must see you. be sent him away, but he won't go. E! em says he's no beggar,but aformer servan fal of yours -' sos 'Sedd him off,'asid Monk impatienti ha 'I never kept a servant. he' 'Yes sir,' said the porter; 'but h tul g:veasme a 'arfcrown to tell you ??l los nsame, which he says it's Flack-- Monk stiarted. th, 'Flackl' he ejaculated. *Why he; by a servant'of mine. I'll see him.' :lon He hurried out into the hall.' Fls the stoodjousat inside the great portal, pom hat in'hishand, hii villainions, heu. des dog face wesring a vacant expremir, fins his small eyes roving about the .ht soc Monk' went ip to him, and asked ilt bhs uniertone- . t1 'Whst's up Why are you hare?' of 'Come out on the terris, guv'ni;,'lts responded Flack. 't i " nt IPe got something pisrticulo ?'meo S'If you wan' t money, said Mon? itn t '~i4L I ~e lp asbo hi porter, 'I've got none for you. i hat s?willing to hear the story of your on. des,, ,ut I've no money to waste. t hal Rydon'c you go to the union? 1 for lythie time the pair were out on if ttirace, and Monk exclaimed in a ln cmngd voice. ink o'one can hear us here; now what nd iiiyou want?' ire 'Mrs Orowl she sent me,' said Flack 6ge !iesGwynd left Mwr OCastle the day Ipe fore yesterday and we hav'n't seen re- ;r since.' see '?,ft the castle?' ter 'Yes sir along of the, portmantle, on ich she carried in her hand and a sat 'aring of a gray dress and veil. Mrs (owl she thinks Miss Gwyn cne` this way, sir. It's all his ang of a newspaper which came aeudd a packet of wool which the re- Ionch governess bought at Carnarvon. to Te newspapers had parrygraph that of IedOhetwynd was at Genue, and on is hi way home. That unsettled miss, ill all she made off the same night. Have Lot ye keen her here?' Thunder ] no. She's here or in she ly, no:h?ourhood;' cried Monk in a r pai '*You must watch for her Flack. rit Noolence remember. She must go ip bact to Mawr Castle but of her own on acced. Go over to the village inn and rd lootfor her there. She may be in this ler houos there are Iscores of unoccupied ter rooz; and she may be hiding in them. n Be i?the edge of the park on the east en sidedf the house, after the lights are ag out.I must see you then-coneultwith og you. I cannot stay here longer with. I out uspicion. We must find the girl I to- niht.' in Hl returned to the house concealing 'y his amiety and perturbation as 'est he l7 coal He passed the drawing room, to goinjthrough the music rcom to the 1i greatconservatory, into which the draw O ing rame, music room, and the pink in bonddir opened. He sat down in a dim 05 nook among the flowers, his heart beat ir ing fiercely, and muttered u 'Bernice here! Bernice back at Chet k wynd Park! She will respect her oath. g She will not reveal her identity nor d proseeec to her husband; but .shy does 5\. she cme? I fear there's mischief L ahe . n CHAPTER XXIII. THE PI GURE IN WEITE. The;ong luxurious drawing room at k Ohetwnd Park, full of mellow light y that ioded soft down |through pale grates,with sofas easy chairs, andfast d euils scattered here and thare, with portfolios, look edlike home indeed to a the long exiled Marquis of Ohetwynd. The double sliding doors of clear plate g glass dividing the grand apartment from o, the conservatory were pushed aside, r, and one could see in the dim distance h aisles and banks of the glorious bloom r. and a wealth of fragrance floated out p perfuming the air. n As in many country places of con' siderable extent in England, gas was d manufactured upon the premises and is carried into all the roozms, but the h modern invention found no place in the conservatory. Wax lights gleamed I. softly in silver sconces upon the walls, I in thickness of shrubberry, and in a Ie ghat glittering chandelier above the !e [ointain in the centre of the room,and . a. ielicious fragrant dimness reigned s preme. It was in this nest of soft, z freet shadows behind a row of tall y ptted orange trees that Gilbert Monk a ater receiving the news that Bernice fd quitted Mawr Castle and had s. iubtless found her way to Chetwynd a. 'ark ensconced himself to think over a he ill news and consider what he &d; ould do. o From the low rustic seat upon which a he had flung himself, he could look a into the bright drawing-room and hear i the low murmur of voices. •'I wish Ohetwynd would fall in love it with Sylvia,' thought Monk, 'but he I n remains weddedto his first love. I wish I o he would feel bound in honour or comu I p2ssion to propose to Sylvia this very I Snight. If she were" very skilful, I t should think she might lead him on. If 1 he were really and actually engaged to 1\. Sylvia, I think I could manage a f Bernice.' It seemed as if the fates were playing t into his hands that night. . I I While he lurked in the great con- it servatory, that fanked one end of the t house, and opened upon several state apartments, Sylvia sal in a low chair before the fire, her gray bit of woollen Sembroidery on her knee, the soft light fallen in a flood upon herswarthy,hand some face, red cheeks, and glossy black hair, conscious that she was looking t her best, and presenting a pretty pic. I ture to the long homeless young It lord. c I 'I am'glad to be back again,' said ti the marquis, his grave brows shadowed b by his ceaseless unreest and L:tter SI longings, 'I thought in Abyssinia Itl that I would give all I owned to trans- a port myself in an instant back to this I dear home; but now that I am here, 1 find that I carry the same unreslful e' soul. I have lain in the bottom of my a' boat and looked up at the great golden et stars above the blue Nile, and dreamed li of :home and the dear old park with li Its shadynoks,itsponds,ite cool avenues I until my longing to be here was almost ne more than I could bear. And now I B am here, in the rooms she brightened w with herjoyons prdeence,and the pain of in behicghreisgreater ~thanIQould haTe @ dreamed. It seems a'if Bernice were near me. Sylvia. I have ever had that strange sense of the nearness of her presence since I lost her. It seems as it she were in th( 3e rooms--a if she might appear to me at any moment-as if I might hear her voice calling me.' 'That is very natural and very easily explained,' said Sylvia, in her smooth silvery voice. 'You left this place so soon after dear Bernice's death that her presence still seemed as one might say, to pervade the house. You come back after along absence and everything reminds you of her. You have not be' come used to the house without her.' 'Shill I ever get used to the house I without hero' asked Lord Ohetwynd in e an impassioned voice. e 'The edge of your grief must wear off sometime,' said Sylvia softly. 'It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague and tender memory. And this is merciful else the world e would befall of mounners, and all the necessary work would be left undone.' 'Ahyes,' said Chetwynd gloomily, a work is necessary. Iam come home . to work. Sylvia;perhapsim the measure o of peace. At any rate work is a safe n refuge. It is nobler to work than to d spend one's timein selfish indulgence of a grief, and I am come back to do what d I can for others, forgetting myself. I . shall rebuild the poorer cottages of , OChetwynd-by-S " after noble plans, e and I am going to found a memorial h school in honour of my lost wife. I shall call it the 'Beroice Chetwynd l School,' and make a sufficient ( idow. ment to educate twenty girls. Bernice loved to help the poor. At St Kilda every one loved her, and she was welcome as the eunshire in the poorest cottage. You remember she died of r. fever caught in Martin's cottrgs while k she was visiting his sick family. And n in memory of her I shall make poor children my especial charge. I shall educate twenty girls, supplying the vacancies as fast as they occur,with new pupils, and train these girl not to ir talk French or to play the piano.Sylvia , but to read, to sew, to manage a house ,f hold-in short, to fit poor girl,s to take care of themselves in a respectable manner. The work I have, planned, you see, is not at all ambiticus-only to make of poororphan girls,'self help ful honest respectable women,with good principles, and a desire to be something t better and nobler, than women of their it class usually are.' Ie It was evident that the young lord be.e to feel an interest in the work 'I should delight in such work,' h sighed Sylvia. 'Bow Bernice would o have loved to foster such a school! I 1\. wish that her mantle might, fall upon e me, that I, too, might make people a better and happier.' I, Her little affection of humility was e very effective. Lord Ohetwynd's heart n warmed towards her with a quickening t of his fraternal affection for her. 'We will work together Sylvia,' he saidjkindly. a Sylvia lifted her heavy eyelids, and I a red sparkle was seen in the dull gloom e of her eyes. a 'I wish it might be so, Roy,' she d said with seeming sorrow; 'hut it can t not. I love Chetwynd Park and all a the people upon the estate. This is e the only home I have in all the wild I world; but Imust leave it. I am I going away soon-next week, if poss ible-and I shall never return I again. 'Why is this Sylvia ? Why should you leave your home ' I 'Ah that is it I!' Iried Sylvia,passion I ately. 'It is not my home-I have r no right here, or during your absence to look after your int.rests and your household, but I am no longer needed, I and so, Roy, I am going to advertise for a situation as governess.' 'Impossible I You a governess, Sylvia.' 'Yes, II Does it seem so estrange I have no home but this, and when I leave this, and forsake your kind bounty, Roy I must earn my own 1 icing.' Conetwynd was surprised and bes wildered. 'Why should you leave the ParklThe I asked. 'Iam at a loss to comprehend why you should desire togo. Do not the servants treat you with respect! I Is not your authority recognized! Why is the Park less itted to be your home r than during the past year ?' Sylvia drooped her head. 'Because,' she said-'because you are here.' 'But 1 was here two years ago.' 'That was different. I was betrothed to you then. Can you not see, Roy! Do you not understand? You force me to speak plainly. I do not love a life cf drudgery. I shrink in horror from I the existence of a governess. I cannot - bear the toils and hardships, the in- a sults, the ceol insolence, heaped upon the governess-Idoadore ease, luxury and quiet. I love these dainty rooms, the attendesce of servants, treatment such as is accorded to a superior or equal. Ilove to bask in the firelight t as I am doing now, to wear silken u stuffsand jewels, to live, in short, the life of a wealthy lady, as I have always lived. But 1 must give them all up. I have no claims upon you, Boy, Ican no. longer live upon your bounty. b Besides,' and Sylvia's voice trembled withthe consciousness that shelwas play- hi ing her last card now;'my good name is my moat coherised poQsNCsioRlol it ii in troth, all I have, and people talk I because I remain here,' 'What do they dare to say to the presence of my step-sister in my bhoser 'They say,' replied Sylvia drooping her head still lower, that I was once betrothed to you and that you jilted me. They say that- that I love you and that I am staying on here in hopes to win you. And so I must go, Roy. I could not stay on here so long as a spark of true womanhood remains in me. And sc -and so-i'm going.' g She covered her face and seemed to sob 'in an utter humiliation and an guish. Ohetwynd sprang up and paced the floor. He loved her as we have said, with a brotherly affection. All his r chivalrous instincts were saoused. He t pitied her with all his soul, and his d cheeks burned in sympathy with her F. supposedhumiliation. d 'bhese social harpir and gossip e mongers will drive you from your right ful home, or else they will drive me 1, away.' he cried. 'I wish I had not e come tack-' re 'I will not be the cause of your Es exile. It is not for the owner of Chet o wyrd Park to remain away. but it is f the interloper who must go,' said t Sylvia bitterly. 'If you go RoyI shall I go also.' f Lord Ohetwynd quickened his hurried , pacing to and fro. al 'There is only one way in which you I can or will remain. I suppose, he ex ,d claimed, impetuously, 'and that isas r as my wifel' •e Oh Roy,' cried Miss Monk, raptur la ously creating her head in serpent 3 fashion, her dull eyes burning' with st lambent flames, her red chc:ks flaming )f into deeper carnation. Is For an instant Ohetwynd paused d bewildered. 1Miss Monk waited for r him to say more. He comprehended II that his unguarded outburst had been e interpreted as a half proposal of mar .hriage. He was sick at heart for a ,o brief space. Recovering himself, he la said with unconscious sternness a 'Sylvia. I never loved bot once. My :e heart is buried wish my wife; all my Is hopes rest in her coffin. I am like some vessel that has been tossed upon Ly a rocky shore a disabled wreck. I . had ambitions-they are past. I was d full of hope-my hopes are dead. I g looked forward to nothing save my ir reunion with her. It would be wicked to ask you to marry me, to tie your rd bright young womanhood to a heart k so worn and wearied as mine. I love \- ,; l-........ . '. I A-love only, Bernice in heaven is still mine-my wife I' Id Miss Monk's face grew verypale even I to lividness. Was the prize to slip n through her hands at the very moment le she had thought to clasp itl Ohetwynd saw her agitation, and mistook its 3 origin. rt 'Sylvia,' he resunmed mere softly, his ,g blue eyes full of stern fire. his brow knitted his mouth set in a mournful ts gravity, 'we were once betrothed; youes put anend to our engagement, as [ d fancied then, because you had discover; n ed that you did not love met The dying see clearly, it is said. Perhaps she had heard of our former engage. ment though it is scarcely probable. II My mother loved you. I cannot per is mit you to go forth to a life of toil d and hardship. Sylvia sister, knowing a what I am and that I have no heart to offer, willyou become my wife ' The c-lour flamed again IJn Miss Monk's face. d 'Oh Royl' she breathed again in rapture. 'I lore you. To be your wife is more than I had hoped. But I will devote my life to you. We will work together and I know that I can bring back to you a portion at least of your lost happiness. Ohetwyndi smiled sorrowfully. 'Such a marriage is a one-sided affair,' he said; I have so little to givein return for your love. But I can spare you the toil and hardships of a governess's life; I can shield you from contact I with the busy world, and I will try to make you happy.' Miss Monk arose swiftly, and rushed towards him with her soft, undulating movements, and flung herself upon his breast. ' He started back with a gesture of repulsion, but recollceting himself, I folded one arm around her. They were betrothed again, and he could give her at least a brother's caresses. 'Oh;. Roy, this hour pays me for all I have endured,' cried Miss Monk. 'All I ask isto be allowed to make you happy, I cannot hope ever to take the place of dear Bernice, but in time I may come to fill a little niche of my own in your heart. I have suffered so much. My life has been one loing death without you. lake me closer Roy I and give me the kiss of betrothal. At last-at last I am yours.' Chetwnd put both arms around her I and said, in abroken voiet 'Heaven bless you, my promised wife, my dear Syh;a, and may your fntur hap pineses atone for the sorrows of your pastf' He bent his noble head and pressed a kiss upon her willing lips. She held him to her,shbowering hisses upon him in strange ereserve. A sigh a breatb, a faint tostle, like the brushing of a wing or the movement of a woman's dress,came dutteriog through the room. Obetwynd still holding Sylvia to his breast, involuntarily looked up. Hisappalled eyes beheld a sight that held himdumb and motionlesh, a He saw standing in the wi~e archway t of the open lidingdoors dao ruie whlp b bslieved to be the apparition of his lost Bernice. Slhe stood against a faintly lit back ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed yet in the midst of an odorous twilight that made her seem indeed a vision from another world. She was dressed in white, as at her burial. Chetwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she wore a long white silken robe like that in which he had consigned her to the tomb. He recognized the peculiar fashioning of the dress, for she had worn the one in which she had been buried: at her first dinner at Chetwynd Park-that memorable dinner upon the very evening of her home coming. The low square cot Pompadour corsage,with frills of point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom; the short sleeves ending at the elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms. He recognized each separate fea ture of the toilet he had thought so charming. But the face! It was strangely'chaoged and yet he knew it, and his heart leaped up within him at sight of it. Bernice had beenplain, with but the possibility of beauty, but thevision was glcriousty beau. tiful, with the radiance of a rare and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, he. con. tinned to stare at her, noting the pure, frank brows shaded by crinkling masses of loating hair, the perfect conteur of her face, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth,the unatterableyearn'ng and longing in the great vivid eyes of dusk. She looked as iflshe longed to speak,but wasrestrailed bytsome invisible power. Sylvia's head had been buried in Chet wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, and looked up, crying fondly 'Call me your promised wife again, dear Roy. Kiss me again. Am I not to be your wife? Are we not toibe happy at last? Oh my darling--' She broke off abrupt y, seeing the seady figure in the doorway. She stared at the vision as if it bad been some demon sent to cill her to her eternal docm. Her hair seem to rise on end; her tongue was glued to her mouth. The countenance of the seeming appar ition changed to an expres:ion of ineffable despair and anguish. She opened wide her arms as if to embrace Chetwynd, and so, with outspread arms and yearning anguished face, she slowly retreated back. ward, like the airy vision she seemed, until she had vanished into the gloom beyond. OlIAPTER XXIV. THE CONSPIRATORS APPALLED.. Not unti'; the seeming spectre had die appeared did Lord Chetwynd arouse from his frozen silence; but then as if galvac ized, he flung Sylvia Monk from him in an utter forgetfulness of her, bounded across the roem,and into the conservatory. The wax lights were burning dimly in the great arched dome ofglass, and there were dim nooks and shadows on every side. The marquis dasheddownla wide flowerbordered aisle like a madman. The glazed doors at the lower end of the conservatory and opening into the garden were open. He made for them, uttering strange and in. coherent cries, Gilbert Monk was standing near the door, as if brought to a sudden halt. He had seen Bernice enter the censervatory, I ba had be.n unable to arrest her move ments. He had seen herbut now depart like sa shadow, and he was inthe act o. pursuit' when Lord Chetwynd's swift rpproschb I made him halt. The schemer kt w that a crisis had occurred in thefortuaes of him selt and Sylvia, and upcn his present cool ness hisownfuture and hers depended. He was equal to the a :aeion. 'Why, what's the matter Chetwynd?' he' asked in the utmost apparent surprise, 'Good gracious is the man mad? Where are you going? Why are you running? Great heaven! yeulook as if you hc. seen a ghost?' Chetwynd turned upon Monk, eager end impetuous. 'Did you see her?' hecried. 'Has any one passed out this way?' 'Not one. I have been standing up in the doorway here these fifteen minutes,' replied Monk with seeming truthfulness. Whom do you seek? Sylvia?' 'It was Bernice I' said the marquis all excitement. 'I saw her as planly asI see ' you Gilbert-my dead wife, Bernioel Help me to search the conservatory Monk put on a look of alarm. 'My dear Chetwynd,' be exclaimed, 'you are the victim of some singular ihallsena tion. Your brain is turned. Have you forgotten that Bernice is dead? How then have you seen her? Do the dead return from their graves? My dear boy let me send for Doctor Hartright. Youhave got the brain fever.' Chetwynd shook of impatiently and sear. chedthe conservatory in every nook and cor nerbut he found no trace of his strange visitant. He dashed into the garden and Monk went with him, but they did not see again the slender, girlish, white robed figure of the seeming spectre. At length they reentered the conserva tory, the Marquis pale and distracted. 'It can't be possible you thought you eswyour dead wife, Ohetwynd,' said Moek loudly, as they went up the aisle, How could she come out of her grave? Ah you think it was her ghost! Do you; believe in ghosts?' 'I never did believe in them,' said the marquis, brokenly. ,.I ,thought such belief a superstition of the ignorant; But her living body cannot return tome; I must therefore have seen her disembodied spirit.' 'Nonsense, Chetwynd. Youare upset by your return. To morrow you'll smile at your odd illusions. Berniceis in heaven.' Why should she wander about here? Just use your reason my dear fellow. Is she dead? We all know that she is. Do the 'tead return in mortal sabhape? It'se fair to suppose they do not. What then? Why you are the victim of an optcal illusion brought on byover excitement. I should fancy it was a woman who had drassed herselffor a part but that I stood in the very door of the conservatory like a glard , and no one could have possibly come ·r in or gone out without my knnwledge.' To be continued. The Minister of Mines, speaking at Stawell on Friday last said that the re- '. commendations of the prospecting boards would generally be received after lst Jns, , and that it was his intention to bave all the votes proposed decided apoq U 0ooq 4, as pcuIble after thoe,llsloly, 