The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1891. Much alarm has been created in Roumania by the action of Russia in massing 100,000 troops on the frontier of Bessarabia. Roumania has ordered a large force of cavalry to Upper Moldavia. THE Ameer, Abdur Rahman Khan, has opened Afghanistan to froo commoroiol intercourse with Russia, owing to tho good quality of tho Russian agricultural products. IT is reported that Russia is conoluding a treaty with the Shah of Porsia virtually oxoluding other nations from commorco with Porsia, and enabling RusBia to seonro a practical protectorate over all tho Contrai Asian Khanates federating under Russia. Tiru Berlin press warns Gorman financiers against subscribing any portion of tho Russian loan. IT is reported that Lord Salisbury has intimated to the Sultan that it would bo unwiso to reopen tho Egyptian question whilo tho Mahdi is in a position to give trouble. , TUE British, Austrian, and Italian diplomatic agents at Sophia have boon authorised to enter into freer intorcourso with Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria. Tira Governors of the Chinese provinces have informod tho Minister of Foroign Affairs that it is impossible that they can ho hold answerable for tho outbreaks against Europeans in China, or that they oan pay tho indemnity for Buoh out rapes. Tiru Governors assert that tho riots were caused by the aggressive attitude of the mission stations. l'orra 1 «uler« in the late anti-European riots hare boon oxooutod, 21 havo boon banished, and fivo mandarins havo hoon reserved for punishment. TUE Southorn Chinóse squadron has boon ordorod to patrol tho Yang-tae-Kiang. GEXEIUÍ BOOTU arrived in Sydnoy on Saturday afternoon and received an onthusiustio wolcomo. TUB now Porliainentary Standing Conunitteo on Public Works will ho appointed in a fow days. SIB IIESKY P_I___I intends to visit tho Nowra and Shoalhaven distriots at the ond of this weak. OH Saturday afternoon Messrs. 3?ohon and Oliver, Railway Oominissionora, roturnod to town from thoir inspection of the works in progress in connection with Uio quadruplioation of tho suburban section, and on tho works on tho mountain eootion of tho "Western line. A M-ETTN- of depositors in tho Australian Mutual Lund and Building Company was hold on Saturday afternoon, and a cominittoo wini ap- pointed to watch tho progress of ovonts until tho meeting which is to bo hold on Tuesday. Tim youthful King Alexander of Servia has boon botrothod to tho Pnncoss Iloloua, daughter of Nicholas I., Princo of Montenegro. SCRIP of tho Now South "Wales loan is quoted at a premium of Is 3d. BY the explosion-of a bomb during a display of» fireworks at Nowark, New Jersey, U.S.A., four persons wore killed and 30 injured. Ma. Wa_u_ __;___», tho aotor, and Miss Millard, oontomplato a visit to Australia. THE Gaiety Thontre in Liverpool has boen destroyed by fire. , THE stationmastor at St. Mando, a, Paris subur- ban station, at which a disastrous nccidout recently d-ourred, has hoon sentenced to four months' im- prisonment, and the driver of tho ongine to two yeara' imprisonmont, for their part in loading to the calamity. H.M.S, SwiNQKii has arrived at Malta, and report« all well. Sho has token considerably over four months in this portion of her voyngo. S_V_HA_ British subjects havo been arrested nt Chin Kiong for smuggling arms and dynamite intended "for tho Chineso robols. The ofïondors havo been handed over to British officers to be dealt, with. THE London branoh of tho Imperial Federation League has appointed a special committee to report | upon tho question of tho moro favoured treatment I of colonial products. TUE Heonomist asserts that contraots for tho pnr I chano of land in Now Zealand havo been canoollod, owing to tho passing of tho Taxation and Land and Income Tax Assessment Bill, whioh it regards ns a most inequitable) measure. O.v Saturday night the-now Mosonio Hall at Moss Vale wus dodicated by tho Earl of Jersey to tho future services of um oraft. TnE directora of the Permanent Freehold Land and Building Society havo colled meetings of their depositors and shareholders to conbidor tho position of tho society's affairs. TUE striko of wharf labourers at tho Carron wharfa, "Wapping, is asanming a serious phase. Tho question in disputo is payment for dinnor hour. Two thousand Russian Jews havo loft Kiev and Odossa for.Amorica and Australia, and 7000 havo loft for the Argontino Republic MIBSES Goodo and Halloy and Messrs. Thompson and Upham loft by tho Catterthun yesterday for mission work in China. A sr____ has boon rosolvod upon by tho Moonta miners. THE Quebec journal whioh support, tho causo of tho Hou. Honoré Mercier, the Premier, in regard to tho recent disclosures, doolans that tho Province of Quobco will bo driven to declaro its independence or evon its annexation with tho United States if tho Canadian authorities at Ottawa attempt to dictate to Quebeo in urging tho oxpnl 'sion of the Govornmont. TUB Czar and Czarina of Russia passed through Berlin on Friday night privately on thoir return to St. Petersburg,from their visit to tho King of Denmark. A man named James Walker was yesterday found dead in his bedroom at his residence at Coogee, with a bullet wound in his head and a revolver in his hand. A I_UÎ named "William Chapman was washed off the rooks at Long Bay yesterday and drowned. Yesterday Mr. Justice Webb died at his resi- dence, Caulfield, Victoria, from a severe attack of influenza. Sr___iN_ at the annual banquot of the Viotorian Railway Drivora and Firemen's Association, on Saturday night, Mr. Spoight, in defence of tho Commissioners' management, pointed out that in the first threo yoars of thoir working thoy gainod £1,200,000 extra income at a coat of £190,000. YI_TE_D_Y aftonioon Cardinal Moran oponed with religious coromonial tho now Roman Catholic Mater Misorioordiiç Home and Training Sohool for Female Domostios. AT San Antonio, in Missouri, U.S.A., a band of annod mon havo attacked and pillaged a number of the principal atores of the town and tho local poet offico. ., TEBTEEDAT tho Molbourno Chamber of Com jnerco entertained tho petty olBoors and mon of tho Auxiliary Squadron at a dinnor in tho Exhibition Building. TUB Art Society's Exhibition will remain open for another weok. I» oonsoquenoo of tho rcoorit reverses sufi-rod by the Gormans in East Africa, a detachment of 300 Soudanese and 600 Zulus has been despatched thither to roinforoe tho German troops. O» Saturday the Customs receipt- amounted to X0S2. Unquestionably tho stoppages of land 'and...building companies ara now assum- ing grave dimensions. Following the failure of the Aubtralian Mercantile Loan and Investment Company, an institution which had a class of business not based on land values, have come six land and building companies, including the Sydney Permanent Froohold Land and Building Society, whioh is referred to elsewhere. Though it was oxpected and hoped that the last-named one would not havo been in- cluded in the wreck, the details given olee whore by the1 directors show that in the interests of all it has been thought desir ablo to close, and consult the depositors and shareholders before continuing busi- ness, whether in liquidation or otherwise. Tho Sydney Permanent Freehold Land and Building Company differs from the other oompanies, inasmuch as it lias the pretty substantial capital of £80,000 and reserves amounting to £30,000. Never- theless, the cause of its stoppage is that it haa not sufficient to moot the demands for deposits produced by the scare. According to tho statement these deposits are about £330,000, or three timo3 the amount of the capital. The directors failed to got adequate banking accommodation to supply the drain on their resources, and have therefore deemed it desirable to call meetings of depositors and shareholders. Thus the scaro is tho immediato cause of the stoppago. 'But for this the institution would havo continued its operations pretty much as usual, probably moro cautiously after the present warning. What haa now occurred is what might have happened at any time within the past fivo yoars, had a scaro sot in, and porhaps with moro roason than at present ; for, from tho falling off in the sale of land within the past two or threo yoars, there hns boon little or no disposition to purchase subdivisions. The policy of the more prudent companies has boen to roduco the amount of their assets in this form as steadily as possible, and to enlarge their advance business. Some compa-ies, indeod, were steadily liquidating thoir estates in a quiet way. But "the arrange- ments for gradually reducing *ho vobauie of the aon-jerenae-prodtto-og -propc^ies, and conaning it to more legitimate building society buaineas, have not been carried tbrougli sufficiently to provont tho stoppage of a number of the companies, with deposits aggregating about £900,000. _ It is to be feared that if tho scare con- tinuo tho trouble may not have ended. "What is needed is that the alarm should bo chocked. Depositors in sound institu- tions would, for thoir own sakos, do well to seriously consider how necessary it is to endeavour to take a reasonab'lo view of the situation. Probably in the caso of almost every surviving company deposits are repre- sented by a larger amount of assets than over they were, and thoir securities, on the wholo, will bo incroased in value. In their own interests, shareholders in companios, warned by what has ocounod, will strengthen their position. These consi- derations make a scare less -justifiable than at any previous part of tho history of theso institutions. As wo have alroady pointod out, tho property in unimproved land is where it always has been ; and by reason of tho growth of population its valuo, whore well bought, should be groator than over it was, though temporarily dopresscd by passing conditions. It is thought by many that tho banks should intervene to check the scare. By some, indood, they aro blamed as cruol for not having done so already. It is said that tho banks havo subscribed and borrowed capital for the promotion of commercial and industrial enterprise, and that it is thoir duty to intervene at a time like the present to restore confidence, on the basis of whioh business is so largely conducted. It is alloged that they have but to give the assistance re- quired, or even tho promise of it, and the scaro would bo immediately stopped. For tlio bunks, however, ' it is said that they, never approved of tío lund buying, and that they aro not now callod upon, nor are thoy now in a position to moot any undue drain, by making advances for tho with- drawn deposits, sinco thoy hold £1,000,000 of Government stock, and have still current claims pending tho receipt of tho pTOCoeds of the wool-clip. AVhilo the force of this reasoning cannot bo denied, the banks will doubtless have as much regard as possible, consistently with other.obligations, to the claims of those who aro now threatened with disaster. So much is_ obviously re- quired of them. They have the whip hand of tho land companios, and their intorest is no doubt to spare tho lash, though some say it will bo administered all the -moro vigorously because thoy are rivals for deposits. If there bo any truth in such a charge, the case is one in which tho exorcise of liberality would havo its roward; for, undoubtedly, the effect of throwing a largo amount of property on tho market for lmmodiato Bale would do prociato Values, while tho losses to those who moko them would no doubt seriously prejudice, as to some extent they havo al- ready done, the business of the community and the credit of tho colony. The banks may find it possible to render assistance, by stipulating reasonable conditions for tho calling up of more capital for tho steady realisation of uniinpioved land, and for the discontinuance of further speculation, which, indeod, is, enforced by tho necessities of tho position. Such con- ditions would doubtless prove sufficiently drastio and remedial, lotting down share- holders and depositors in land speculative business as oasily as may be. Of course, by making special stipulations for pay- ments, the monetary position would#not suffer. What deposits are removed from tho land companies would doubtless directly and indiroctly, reach the banks. If tho banks thus render assistance it will be largoly with tho monoy which flows to them in consequence of withdrawals from the other institutions. Thoy will have no less monoy than they had. To the extent that they have to "givo assistance with withdrawn _ deposits thoy would havo cheap money to lend at a profit. While taking precautions against the unduo locking up of banking funds in this business, there seems to bo room for tho banks to give the requisito aid to stem a scare, which cannot but be disastrous if it bo allowed to continue. In the case of the bulk of tho companies thero is really no good ground for alarm, and the rosults of it will necessarily bo hurtful to the depositors as well as to the shareholders. It has been suggested that the institu- tions most capable of giving assist- ance at tho present time aro tho life insurance offices with ample funds, which require profitable invest- ments. Already those companies have large loans on properties of this and similar classes, and as payment of thoir money is not roquired, it is thought that they may well givo aid which, while help- ful by proventing loss to many of thoir inombers, may givo them a good rotum, and prevent tho depreciation of tho proporty on which thoy already hold mort- gages. Certainly the interests of tho lead- ing life offices are very strongly bound up in preserving the valuo of proporty on which they havo mortgages, and which will inevitably suffer if the scaro be per- mitted to continuo. All property-ownors or mortgagees are concerned 'in banding themselves together to prevent the stoppage of other institutions which are on a reason- ably sound basis. The strike at the Pyrmont Laundry has been elevated into an importance not originally attaching to it. And the result, so far as present appearances go, is not likely to advance the cause of peace. Evidence has been taken at groat length on the various incidents that havo led up to the rupture, and the position at present is that Mr* SKHWEII, the manager of the es- tablishment, declines to accept the indi- vidual verdict of the chairman or umpire selected by the four arbitrators, alleging that the decision of the arbitrators and the chairman virtually sustains the position he had takon. The dispute was insignificant enough in itself, and only derives import- ance from tho fact that arbitration, which is usually regarded as the remedy for disputes between employers and employed, has in this case failed, and ap- pears to havo embittered rather than removed tho diffioulty. The cirounistances of tho squabble aro familiar enough to most who havo taken any interest in tho striko at the Pyrmont Laundry. A g'irl named MINNEIIY, it is said, had takon an active intorest in pro- moting unionism among female em- ployees ; and it ¡B alleged that she also was guilty of a breach of duty in wilfully mixing clothes, to the inconvenience of tho establishment in distributing tho various articles to the rightful owners. At any rato sho was removed from her position by the conductors of tho establishment, and tho question aroso : Was she so íemoved ior wilfully mixing, or for her participation in the promotion of unionism ? A number of her fellow-employees, believing the latter to be tho case, struck work, and the trouble oame up boforo tho Trodes and Labour Council, with the result that four arbitrators were appointed to make inquiry, twoboing ohosen by tile owners of the laundry andOtwo representing associated labour, the Rev. Sr. WALTBES being -anani .ously chosen by both partras ao umpire. After evident* toben, tho Jour arbitrators being equally i divided in opinion, the. umpire gave his award to the effect that ' ' Miss MTNOTBT had been discharged on the charge of wilfully mixing linen ; that the chargo had not been substantiated; that(the question of unionism had entered into tho matter; her provious conduct having given no justification for hor dismissal." Had tho umpiro contented himself with giving this decision without tender- ing his reasons, it would probably'havo carried moro force ; but falling into the not uncommon error of explaining the grounds of his decision, he has considerably weakened tho' position which he held. With regard to the mixing, ho says that several of tho witnossos testified to hor "mixing of tho clothes in the rough" boforo tho final sorting was to take place ; while " other witnesses " who had testified to having seen thu mixing failed to bear tho statement out under cross-examination. On this the umpiro says that ho carne to tho conclusion that tho chargo was not sub- stantiated. Again with regard to the question whether she was " dis- missed for unionism," Mr. WALTERS reasons, that tho manager had acted on tho representations of Mr. CHAMIIERS, and Mr. CHAMBERS was ill disposed to unionism and to those who were actively engaged in it ; ond " there- fore " ho says he is oompelled to conclude that unionism did enter into tho matter of Miss MTNNBBY'8 dismissal. It is pos- sible that Mr. WALTERS may be correct in his conclusions ; but if these wore really the grounds on which he based his opinion as'to the motives that had been influencing Mr. STCDWER-and which in point of fact nobody could vory well havo known unless that gentleman himself- it would have been better to have kept tho pro- cesses of reasoning to himself, and left the world to believe that ho had arrived at his conclusion as to tho motives ia Mr. SioîfNER's mind by intuitive percep- tion. Another rather unfortunate feature in the affair is that the umpiro, in up- holding his decision, protests overmuch -such expressions as " silly and impertinent," and " utterly shame- less," used by him, hardly manifesting that unimpossioned and judicial tempera- ment which is always becoming in an umpire. This, howevor, does not in itsolf justify Mr. SiONirEit in re- fusing to accopt tho decision, if it is so that he pledged himself to abide by tho result of the arbitration. It is not necessary for us here to discuss tho propriety or otherwise of the manager of this establishment recognising the authority of the Trades and Labour Couuoil to intervene between him and thoso in his employment. It was perfectly competent for him to peremptorily decline to dismiss the ques- tion with thom, or with any others in the transaction but tho employees who had struck. But having conceded this right he was bound to act on it ; and rocognising tho right to inter- vene on the part of tho council BO far as to agree to arbitration, tho natural inference would bo that ho meant to submit to tho docisioii of tho arbi- trators. We oan understand how he may entirely dissont from the deci- sion, as not being reasonably doduciblo from the evidence tendered ; and probably most impartial men, on dis- passionately perusing tho report of that evidence, would come to the same con- clusion as himself. But we aro forced to think that Mr. SrcniNEit is too late in the day in dissenting ; and that having boen led, probably by confidence in the integrity of his action, to Bubmit his con- duct to the arbitrament of others, ho must take the consequences. He may have satisfaction in having the whole of that ovidonce published, and on it making appeal from the docision of the chairman to the judgment of his fellow-citizens. But considering the position in which ho has deliberately placed hiinsolf, and the understanding apparently arrived at by both sides on the opening of the inquiry, the individual decision of the chairman must be accepted by him as the result of the arbitration. It may bo ploadod for the stand which Mr. SKENTTER has now taken, in rejecting the docision, that the deliverance of the umpiro is surprisingly at variance with the weight of evidence adduced at the inquiry ; and we may go so far as Baying that such a docision, in the face of such evidence, may do au injury to the cause of unionism itself, in the minds of fair-dealing mon among its friends and its opponents aliko. Tho story of this affair may not have boen in vain, however, if it teach caution to others who may be tempted by consciousness of tho correctness of their conduct to rashly commit the determination of it to tho oast of a die. But the incident would bo worse than in vain, and would be mischievous in its tendency, if it taught that arbitration, once entered upon and proceeded with to tho end, may be sot aside, however unsatis- factory may bo the award. Wo look now to arbitration as tho sovereign remedy for all the differences arising betwoon employers and the employed. Casos may occur from timo to timo to show-as this one seems to show that oven arbitration can bo capable of inflicting wrong ; but if arbitration is ever to become the great factor that we hope in the solution of sooial troubles it will bo of the first moment that its decisions shall bo final _ As an incident, the arrival of General BOOTH on Saturday is unique in the his- tory of the city. Whether wo consider the man himself, the multitude of followers he has marshalled together, his object, or his methods of working, we find nothing similar ; and the arrival of one who is not only the centre but the author of this strangest of 19th century movements is not to be regarded as a common event. Anyone looking at the long procession, with its noise and colour, that wended its way through the streets of Sydney, may have marvelled at the idea of such incongruous things being associated with a principle that has done more to elevato humanity than any other influ- ence that ever operated on the minds of men. Had it not been for the results that have indubitably come of the Salvation Army efforts to raise fallen humanity, nothing would appear to be more unlikely to promote the interests of religion than such seemingly fantastic methods ; and the apparent uncon- sciousness of the processionists as to there being anything bizarre requir- ing either apology or explanation, was one of the most notable things in the whole affair. Ridicule is regarded as the most powerful weapon for putting down any thing that stands out of the ordinary lines of life ; but not only have jest and jeer and laughter been thrown away on the Salvation Army, but the lads and lasses seem to join in the fun, and they are either indifferent to the ridicule, or take it as tribute to their independence of mere formal and conventional religion. The demonstration of welcome to General BOOTH has shown that this singular movement has taken a strong hold of the colonial mind among the class to which the efforts of the Salvation Army are mainly directed, and, however we may differ as to the peculiarity of the methods, it is idle to question their efficacy, as it is to deny the great benefits which the work of the Army has conferred on society. The work undertaken is decidedly in harmony with the spirit of the age, putting in prominence that broad humanitarianism which, it must be confessed, has been somewhat laid aside in the activities of the orthodox Churches in the past. The object of General BOOTH and his system is not merely to edify the souls, but to feed and comfort the bodies of the poor and the helpless and the outcast. And above all the religious organisations of our time the Christianity of the Salvation Army may be described as the religion of the poor. But his mission will raise a curious question which it will be interesting to watch the solution of. He comes as the friend of the poor, and his appeal will be to the classes which may be looked on as representing and protecting the interests of the poor. Tho Queensland Parliament last week discussed the control of tho outflow from' tho artesian bores. As regards the future of Australia there is hardly a moro impor- tant question than this. The Queensland Treasurer stated that a number of the Western bores wore private property, ovor which the Government could not exorcise authority, but that it was intended to introduce a bill to givo the Govern- ment power to prevent undue waste from any artesian boro. This may bo said to at once lift tho question from being a provincial to a national one. Legislation for the prevention of awastoful outflow, and consequent danger of a falling off in tho supply, must of necessity bo Aus- tralian to bo of tho slightest efficacy. With our present uncertainty as to the source of the subterranean supply we can only adopt some gonoral uniform system. This can easily be done now, but it will be found a much more difficult matter in the course of a few yoars. So far as artesian water is concerned, wo know that the supply can bo exhausted, certain parts of tho world having given proof of this, and there is no reason to suppose that Australia will provo to be singular ; but what we do not know is the particular source of the water that rises to the surface in re- sponse to the drill. It may be that reckless prodigality on the part of A, in Victoria, might not only affect himself, but also B in New South Wales, whose supply aroso from the same source, and who had been always exercis- ing a wise oconomy. Thus it wifl be st once seen that legislation must be of a national and not a local character. The quostion is a dooidodly delicate one to deal with from the fact that wo have no data to go upon in order to arrive at any satisfactory idea as to tho conformation of tho underlying surfaco, and tho consequent course of the "artesian water. This will bo the outcome of many more years' experience than we can yot claim to ; and it is while tho work is in its present fledgling con- dition that Government could, by wise onactments, causo tho wator to bo considered national property. In artesian boring Lies, as far as this generation can foresee, tho solution of the problem of the close settlement of threo parts of Australia. Any possible danger should therefore be averted with as mud promptitude as the threatened invasion of a now stook pest would bo mot. As a matter of fact there is little probability of the out- flow boing diminished during this century; but if it is left until the famine is actually at the door the calamity would be BO much' < * the more serious. The sudden failing of a boro that, for twenty or thirty . yoars, had never f altered, and round which a small farming community had settled and thriven, would mean ruin of a disastrous nature. We havo now the oppor- tunity" of doaling with tho natural wator, which we let slip with regard to the land ; and wo can so legislate that it will always be a national treasure, economically distributed ; or wo can stand idly by and watch the gift wasted and prematurely exhausted, and then, too late, lind out that the time for interference has passed away. When we refleot upon tho wonderfid power of water to chango the faco of the country and turn a solitude into the home of a prosperous community, it Booms strange indeed that so much timo has already been lost, arid that intercolonial negotia- tions on the sub j oot havo not boen opened up long since. It is a question qn whioh there could be no jealousy, and which is of common importance. As our knowledge stands at present, no one colony eau reasonably claim to include in ita boun- daries the original sources of tho artoBian" waters, but one and all are vitally con- cerned in their preservation. "MVsmgra of the Legislative Assembly will meet for the transaction of Govarnmont basinesa at tho usual -hour thiB aftornoon. Tho paper oontaiaa somo 14 questions and 29 motions. Mr. Hutchin- son will put a Bórica of inquiries concerning th« loana mado by tho Government to th» City Council ainco its incorporation ; and Mr. Dowel, apropoa of tho recent failures of bank- ing, land, building, and invesbnout companies in Sydney, will ask if, in viow of tho magnitude of tin interests involved, and in order to reston) confidence in legitímate and sound institutions, the Govern- ment will bo prepared to entertain a proposal to ass-t ho said instituttions by a Government g__r_nt-o to depositors, or by plaoing at tho disposal of thesa inatitutiona such suma of monoy aa may be re- quired, not to exceed one million sterling at fi pet cent., on such terms and conditions as may ba agreed upon in proportion to the nature and valne of tho soourities held by such institutions. Tis first ordor of the day is tho further consideration ia oommitteo of tho Representation of the People Bill (No. 2) ; and, as sovoral now clauses remain to bo considered, it is not likely tho position of th» order will bo ¿hanged. A M_ETIHa of the Cabinet is oonvonod to mest this afternoon. Tira appointment of a Parliamentary Stead' ing Coramittoo on Publio Works ia to be made in « few daya. Stops ore boing taken by the Minister for Works (Mr. J. H. Young), with whom rosta the initiative, to aeouro this end, and tho approval of the Cabinot will shortly bo asked. Bia HENEY PAREES intonds to visit Nowra ana Shoalhaven at the end of this week with th« member for the district, Mr. P. H. Morton. Stl Henry will loave Sydnoy on Friday, and rotnni na the following Tuesday. During his stay Sir Henc" will lay tho foundation-stone of a now School ol Arts, and it is not unlikoly that in addition he will address a publio meeting. Tins following deputations to tho Minister for Works aro arranged for to- morrow :-At 11 o'clock, re tho erection of a bridge over the Hunter Eivei at Glondon ; at 11.30, in reference to the proposal to drodge the channel for boats at Peats Perry, and tho erection of jetties there ; at 12 o'clock, from the Trades and Labour Council, regarding the manufacture of ironwork and machinery required itt the colony ; at 12.30, ro the improre mont of the Brunswiok llivor entronco, the Tuck- ombil Canal scheme, and the improvement of th* Riohraond Rivor Heads ; at 1 o'olook, re the North Coast railway, and at 1.1 S in roforonco to Uia proposed railway to Robertson, and tho conptrac tion of a tramway from Thirlmere to the Oaks. THE Railway Commissioners (Messrs. Pehoa and Olivor) returned to town on Saturday after- noon from thoir inspection of the works now in progress in connection with the quadruplication of tho suburban Bootion, and of the works on the mountain seotion of the Western line. They Ml Sydney on Friday, and travolled as fur as the Claronoo siding on the Western line Ta_ two cudote, Quodling and Evans, sent to England by tho Railway Department to study the mechanical works of the great railways m that country, are returning to tho oolony, having com jJotad their invoitig-tio-s. Klmer, »_ot_« orte** I who acquainted himself with tho application of electricity to railway systems, rotnrnod Bomo months ojo and Quodling and Evans left London on Friday. i. fourth codot, Clomonts, who is also studying do improvements in oleotrioal work, remains in England a little timo longer. This oxporimont on the part of the Commissioners has boon attended with such success that it is likely to bo extended ; and towards tho end of tho year it is oxpeotod that two of tho employees in tho trafflo department will ?go to England in order to got an insight of the working of the traffio on tho busy railway Bystoms there. CABBTCNO out the suggestion nude by the Jfinister for Education in his last annual report, ¡ho department "is now advertising for tenders for the supply of a serlos of approved roading-books and primers for use in tho several classes of the Public schools. Tenders will bp recoivod np to Docombor 31, and His guaranteed that tho books will bo used for fivo yours in all sohools from January 1, 1895. The scries is to consist of a first and second primer, and graduated roaders from ono to six. All the books from two to six inclusive are to contain at least one-fourth of Australian mattor, and tho socond and third books ore to inolndo scrip- ture and moral lessons of an imsectarian character. THE arrival on Saturday of tho barque Pot re- moves tho serious misgivings concerning that vessel ¡.nd her crow. Her voyage was a remarkable one, and has occupied nino months, though it was bnt to Now Guinea aud back. Her trouhlos com- menced on the trip np to tho island, a hurricano driving tho vessel over to tho Solomon Islands. There part of her orew deserted, loaving but six nea to completo tho voyage to tho coast of German jfew Guinea. At New Guinea the orew con- tracted tho fever, and on the passage down to Sydney three of thoir number wcro unfit for duty, and ranch of tho time the others suffered from intermittent attacks of the malaria. To add to thoir unfortunate condi- tion also, scurvy broke out amongst thom, and tho master thcreforo bore up to one of the islands and procured somo limes and yams. For over a hundred dave tho five mon and a boy comprising tho crow of the Pet courageously fought against tho severe sick- ness and manfully worked the ship. Their priva- tions were sorely increased by the food supply giving out before the coast of Now South Wales was sighted. When off tho port of Newcastle a Bchoonor namod the Western Star was lighted and signalled to send thom somo pro- visions. This was cheerfully dono, and tho Pot carno on to port. Whilo tho vessol was at Now Guinea tho master of the barque Royal Tar died of the fovor, and when the Boyal Tar loft tho island ive of her crew wero off duty owing to tho disease. THE members of the Art Sooioty of Now South Walos hold their annual reunion in the society's rooms on Saturday evening. Thero was > large number of guests presont, includ- ing tho Hon. J. H. Carruthers (Minister for Publio Instruction), Judge Fitzhardingo, Judgo Backhouse, Professors Bonton, Thrólfal, and Butler, General Howell, Mr. A. Cameron (United States Acting Consul), the Hon. J. Norton, M.L.C., Mr. Torpy, M.L.A., Drs. Quaifo, Pearce Baldwin, Jamieson, M'Cullooh, Huxtablc, Macarthy, O'Neill, and Hanson, and Messrs. E. L. Montefiore, Fohon, 8\. Cook, Donald Manson, A. 0. Fraser, Gibson, and Bussell Jones. Largo as the gather- ing; was, tho sooioty made ampio provision for the comfort of everybody, and the smokers, who were in a strong majority, woro permitted to indulge in pipo, oigar, or cigarette. The guests wore treated to refreshments, and an enter- tainment presided over by Mr. Carruthers was given and warmly appreciated. Of the vocalists mention may bo made of Messrs. J. Donovan, W. H. Young, D. Clnnoy, J. J. Hinohey, B. H. Swin- burne, and Gcorgo Leitch. Tho comic contribution of tho gentleman last namod-" The Good Young Man that Died "-provoked almost oonvul tive laughter, and Mr. Loitch had to respond to a recall. Mr. Olyno also gave ' a reoitation with mnoh power and effect, and sovoral of tho artists present pleasantly diversified tho pro- gramme with somo clovor "lightning skotehes." Mr. Delaney aotod as accompanist throughout tho entcrtainmont. In response to numerous solicita- tions, the committee has deoidod to allow tho eihibition of paintings to romain opon until the end of this week. A CONCERT and tableaux vivants woro given in tho Randwick Town Hall on the 24th instant. There was a large audienco, and all appeared highly pleased with the ontertainmont, whioh had been promoted by Mrs. and Miss Richards, of Holkham, Randwick, in aid of tho funds of St. Jude's Church. Amongst tho performers who give thoir services were Mrs. nnd Miss Palmer (whoso opening pianoforte duet was muoh admired), Mrs. A. Maddon, Mrs.Towlor-Garabling, Mr. L. G. A. Cork, and Mr. F. Trowhollnr. Herr Peohotsh afforded much ploasuro by his violin solo, " Introduction and Valso Lente," and "Tho Lost Roso of Summor." An agreeable addition to the entertainment was the recitation of Tennyson's poem, "Tho Letters," by Mrs. Edwards. Tho tableaux vivants, representing "ThoHarvost," "The Nino Muses," and " Tit for Tat," wore exceedingly efectivo aud called forth much applauso. AFTER four days' successful rim, the Manly Wild Flower Show was brought to a olose on Saturday evening. Thoro.waS a, largo attendance all day, and the side Bhows-the maypole dances, Punch and Judy show, and saloon rifle gallery wore well patronised. Financially the show has been a great suoooss, notwithstanding the' in clomonoy of tho woathor, and tho takings from all «onroos havo amounted to about £600. Tho pro- ceeds will go towards erecting a now pavilion on tho park for the accommodation of tho local amateur athlotes. Tho committoo has dooidod to roopon tho show on Saturday noxt, at noon, and on Eight-hour Day. Tho children of tho Randwick Asylum will bo iuvitod to attend noxt Saturday morning, if possiblo, as the weather provontod them attending on Saturday last. TnEHE woro largo audiences at the afternoon and evening performances of tho Vaudovillo Minstrol and Spcoialty Company at tho School of Arts ou Saturday. Tho first part of tho programmo was devoted to minstrelsy, and the arrangement of the Tiriou» membors of the oompany as though on the deck of an ocean stoamor, was mnoh admired. Messrs. Duriali, Yorke, Crawford, and Sailor, who oooupiod tho corners, created consider- able langhtor by their witty sayings. Mr. Alf. M. Hazlewood was oxcollont as captain of the "s.s. Vaudovillo," and as such did duty as interlocutor. MissLuoyCottior, a sorio-oomio artiste, successfully made her first appearance at tbisplocoof amusomont, «nd was woll roooivod. Mr. Charles Naylor also Mured a nnooess ns a Tyroloan warbler, and was enoorod on threo occasions. Popular solos *ero contributed by tho MÍSBOS Nolly Harioy, Lorrio St. George, Emmie Morri- son, nnd BorthaFanlng, nndbyMossrB. Clay, Craw- ford, M'Cann, Charles Naylor, Duriah, and Davis. During tho second part of tho entertainment Pro- fessor Taylor and Little Taylor amused the andi- ene« by thoir olovor juggling performances, and a pretty duet and danoo woro ronderod by tho Misses Bodin and Morrison. Every itom was applauded, «ni in almost ovory instanoo the artiste was re- called. The entcrtainmonta woro brought to a close by a laughablo farco. The same programme »ill bo prosontod nightly during this week. NoTwiTnsTANTjnfo the oxtromo inclomoncy of tho weather tho second fancy drosi and masquerade b»U at Coogeo Aquarium, on Friday night.'was a «nocoss. Tho large concert hall was decorated with flap and ovorgroons, and tho masqucradors wcro arrayed in variod kinds of fanoy dross. A portion of the hall was oonverted into a Biippor-room hy tho aid of scenory from "Cleopatra," prosontod to the Aquarium by Modamo Bernhardt before loav iug Sydney. Sown of tho Bishops and a considorabla number of tlio othor representatives to tho General Synod, accompanied b) thoir friends, made an oxoursion to fctam\ oil Park on the Illaw arra line, on Satur- day In the afternoon tho excursionist« and Bomo «thor intending plcasuro-seokors, who, fearful of tho -»oatlicr, had remained in tho city, were ontcr twned at lunohoon at tho T M C A Hall, Pitt itreot THE Bishop of Molbourno, tho Right Rev Dr G«o, proaehod in St Andrew's Cathedral yesterday »ftomoonon I Corinthians ill , 16 -"Know ye not that yo aro tho Temple of God, and that tho Spirit of God dwollcth m youP" During tho address Dr Goo said that tho sooner tho oliims of God Moro praotioally recognised, nnd the aftcotions Won for Christ tho moro completo would ho the consecration of the tomplo If in tho days of youth the heart wore yioldod up to tho divino ser- vie«, the door opened to reooivo Him, boforo tho ?world, the flesh, and tho devil had had tune to obtain a socoro lodgment, our young pooplo might 1» cxpootod to grow up as lmng Btones of the great sprntual building, the Church Ho under- stood that tho offertory that afternoon would be devoted to the fund for providing speoial religious instruction in tho Publio schools of tho dioooso In the diocese of Melbourne thoy never ceased to rogTOt that tho legislation of Victoria did not confer upon tho State schools of that colony ti» Moe facilities for religious iwtenotto» which wore enjoyed by the schools in Now South Wales. He trusted that the liberal contributions made that day in the churches of this city would show that Sydnoy churohmon adequately appreciated tho onlightenod provisions of thoir Logislaturo in allowing tho Biblo to be taught in behool hours-an arrange- ment by whioh the same toaohor might givo eighteen or moro Biblo lessons in the week in several schools. It was to be gathered from the annual report lately published that the committee who had tho matter in hand was employing twelve salaried teachers, and that by thoir means and by tho voluntary aid of olergy and others, 22,000 children in tho day schools wore under systematic religious instruction. Such an agency as that deserved, and would, ho trusted, receive the hearty sympathy and liberal gifts of all Christian people. Every fivo yoars representativo churchmen from all parts of this vast continent mot togothor in this city, as thoir ecolesiastioal centro, to confer on matters affecting tho welfare of thoir beloved Ohnroh. Such a gathering was now in session, and he hoped that earnest prayers were accompanying its deliberations. Fivo years wero, indeed, as nothing in the history of tho Church of Christ ; but to the individual mombors of it, whoso days on earth wero as a ^hadow, oven that short poriod covered important changes. Thoy wero enumerated by the Primate at tho beginning of his valuablo presidential address delivered at the opening of their synod ; and the reminder was a wholesome warning that the timo of iudividunls was short, and that the night cometh when no man oould work. Mean- while, they should regard it as a high privilege to take any part, however humble, in building up tho spiritual templo, nasured that " God is not unrighteous that Ho should forgot our work and labour that procoedoth of love." Sermons in aid of the same objoct woro preached in most of the oity and suburban Anglican ohnrohes yesterday. ON Satnrday ovoning, in tho sohoolroora adjoin- ing St, Barnabas' Church, Goorgo-street West, Archdeacon Langley gave an address on the Rev. Q. 0. Qrubb's mission. Tho audienoo waa a lorge ono, and the Rov. W. Martin pro8idod. Having roi erred to Mr. Grnbb's work in Molbonrne, and to his expected arrival hore, Archdeacon Langley set before the meeting the need for all who engage in God's work being specially fitted for it as mon full of faith and the Holy Ghost, and pointed out the meaning of and necessity for entiro consecration to tho service of Christ. Ho mentioned incidentally that Mr. Grubb was, in his judgmont, a mon who iulfillod those conditions, and theroforo he oipeoted a great blessing in his mission. A HEETiKO was hold in the Croydon Congrega- tional schoolroom on Friday night last for the pur poso of taking steps to secure the construction of a subway1 for vehioular traffio at Bastablo-etroot, between Croydon and Ashfield. The Mayor of Ashfield (Alderman A. Brown) presided, and there was a large attendanoe of residents. On the plat- form woro the four members for Canterbury and Mr. Josopb Abbott, M.L.A. for- Newtown, who moved,-"That in the opinion of this meeting it is absolutely necessary that a subway for . vehicular trafflo should be con- structed at Bastablo-street." Such a suhway would, ho said, roliovo heavy trafilo, and thus offeot a great saving both to the council and to tho community at largo. Mr. Waddell seconded the motion. Tho Hon. J. H. Carruthers, in supporting tho motion, said it was but reasonable to supposo that tho ovoning facilities given for crossing the railway whon ¡twos constructed 30 years ago, wero quite inadequate to tho changed circumstances of tho presont day. The noxt 10 years would probably seo greater develop- ment than in tho past, and tbo Commissioners would not be acting with oomtnoroial foresight if tiley carried out tho presont alterations in such a way that it would bo necessary every year or two to makoebnngos to suit tho requirements of the place. Messrs. T. Bavister, 0. J. Danohoy, and James Eve, MB.L.A., also spoko, and tho motion was carried. On the motion of Mr. W. Orano, secre- tary of the Croydon Improvement Association, a deputation was appointed to wait on the Commia sionors and lay tho matter before them. The fol- lowing gontlomon woro olootod to form the deputa- tion :-The four mombors for Canterbury, Mr. J. Abbott, M.L.A., tho Mayor of Ashfiold and tho aldorraon of the North and South Wards, tho Mayors of Five Dock and Canterbury, Mesrxs. Waddell, Crane, Mackay, Stevenson, Fletcher, Chessell, and Grahame CnAXiaai's Cnrraoii Bazaar, which is being held in tho Exhibition Building, was largely attended on Saturday. Thero was a good muster of patrons in tho afternoon, and in tho evening business was particularly brisk. Howovor, a groat many artioles remain on hand. This of courso is partly duo to tho bad woathor experienced during the latter part of last weok, so with a view to tho disposal of moro of tho stock, it has been decided, in addition to having tho bazaar opou thJB afternoon and ovoning, to continuo it for tbo thrco suc- ceeding evonings. The choir competition was resumed on Saturday evening, when the representatives of tho Noutrnl Bay Presbyterian Church took possession of tho platform. Like those who had preeodod them, narady, choirs from Manly, Kogarah, and Chalmers Churoh, the vocalists from Neutral Bay sang three pieoes in aooordanoo with the stipulation that tho items rendered should consist of a psalm or hymn tuno, a ohant, and an anthem. No other competitors having oomo forward, the judges (Messrs. Albert Fisher, St. Androw's, Summer Hill ; Josoph Mossoy, St. Thomas', North Sydnoy ; andW. I. B. Moto, Centenary Hall) retired to deliberate and determine to whom should fall the prize, whioh was to consist of a suitablo book for each mombor of tho successful choir. Moonwhilo, protests havo been cntorod with the honorary secretary for tho bazaar against the Manly ohoir, on behalf of those from Neutral Bay and Kogarah, the ground of contention being thnt the visitors from Manly had beon aidod by a gontlomnn who was not a regular assistant. The judges only made known thoir award to tho sooro tary, bnt in view of tho protests, it was not dis olosod to tho public It was stated that tho com mittoe would consider the whole matter, and soo what had best be dono to overoomo tho difficulty. Wonn was received from the Anglican Mission in New Guinea on Saturday last. It seems that Chads Bay was not found to bo suited to the ro quiromonts of tjio missionaries and teaohors so woll as Bartle Bay, so that the latter pine« has boon Boleotod for headquarters. Tho letters to hand state that the nativos are upon most friendly terms, and have rendered good service te the missionaries in helping to get the buildings up. The language is being gradually acquired by the teachers, and thoy write hopefully of the outlook for tho mission in Now Guinea. MisBiosA_r_3 havo recently left those shores for mission work in China, and the number was further augmented by the dopartnro of four missionaries, who loft yesterday morning by the Catterthun for Hongkong. Two of those, namely, Miss Goode, of Adolaide, and Miss Halley, of Molbourno, havo been appointed in oonnoo tion with tho London Missionary Society, and aro proceeding to Pekin and Bhanghai respectively. Tho othor two-Messrs. Thompson and Upham nro proceeding in connection with tho China Inland Mission to Shanghai, and, after a short stay there, will journey into tho interior. A fow minutes before tho Catterthun loft tho wharf the missionaries and their friends, about 20 in numbor, who wore present to bid thom farewell, assemblod in the saloon of tho steamer, where a short but im- pressive scrvioo was hold. After singing a por- tion of the hymn " All Hail the Powor of Je3n's Namo," the Rev. J. .T. Halloy, fathor of Miss Halley, made a few remarks appropriate to the ocoosion, and the Rev. R. Bavin commended the missionaries in prayor to God. GüNKtu-T. Boom, tho originator and leader of tho Salvation Army movement, urrived in Sydnoy on Saturday afternoon, and reccivod at the hands of' his followers hore an enthusiastic weloomo. Thonsnnds of spectators lined the street« through whioh the army and its loodor pussod on thoir way to the Centenary Hall, where a briof service of weloomo and thonksgiving was held ; and in the evening, and, again yesterday, largo erowdn flocked to the meetings oondnotod by tho General in tho Centennial Hall. Meetings are onnouncod to be held to-day and to-morrow. On Wednesday, according to present arrangements, General Booth will journey northward. Tiru monthly mooting of tho executive oounoll of tho Indopendont Ordor of Good Templars was held in tbo Good Templar Hall, Ktt-stroot, on Friday evening. Mr. N. T. Collins, J.P., Grand Chiof Toinplar, occupied the chair, and there was a full attendance. Reports from tho lecturers showed that oxcellont work had boen duno during tho previous month. Mr. R. Crabb liad instituted soveral lodges and initiated a largo number of members on tho Korthorn rivers, and the Rev. E. Tucker hod obtainod good results on the Southern line. The political committeo reported that a largo nnmbor of suocessful prohibi- tion mcetingB had boon held, and alto- gether Bomo £51 18s had boon received towards tho upooial prohibition campaign fund. Tho Rev. G. Dunkley statod that ho hod visited several ¡daws in the interests of tho juvonilo dopartmont of tho Order, and that contributions to tho spécial fund | organised by Mr. R. B. Parry had como in- frooly. On the motion of Mr. R. R. Jack, G. Seo., warmly supported by sovcral of the gentlemen present, a resolution was unanimously carriod congratulating Mr. G. D. Clark upon having moved in the Legis- lative Assembly in favour of State prohibition by the will of thepooplo, andnlBocongrntnlating'thoso gontlomen who supported him. It waa pointed out that the distinct itsuo of proliibition had novcr been raised in an Australian Parliament before, and thoroforo tho amount of support it recoived was most onaouraging. Tho Grand Chiof Templar, in convoying the motion, said he was thoroughly acquainted with the work- ing of both local option and prohibition. Instead of tho former helping to secure the latter, ho re- garded it, from long and porsonal observation, as boing an invontion of tho Evil Ono to indefinitely throw back tho triumph of prohibition. Mr. Clark, in responding, thanked his follow- workers for thoir kind expressions. Ho had received congratulatory letters and resolutions from all parts of the colony, and from all olasscs of pooplo. Their real diflioulty in fighting the liquor traflio was not tho liquor sollors, nor tho groat moss of tho pooplo who wore ripo for effective legislation, but tho timid and compromising temporáneo mon. However, ho thought there wero many signs of oncouragomont ; and as the pooplo were beginning to take the matter up in real earnest, tlioy were bound, in tho ond, to win. A MEETING was held in tho Progress Hall, Mili- tary-road, Neutral Bay, on Friday evening last, to consider the advisability of establishing a working men's institute in the district, and to consider tho report of tho provisional committee. Apologies from Aldermen A. Eaton and G. Phillips, and several others, wera received A On tho motion of Mr. A. D. Chater (acting secretary), seconded by the Rev. North Ash, Mr. J. Malbon Thompson was appointed chairman. After tho committco's report and estimates wero read it was proposed by the Rev. North Ash, and seconded by Mr. T. Jones, anti agreed, that the committee's report bo received and adopted. THE monthly meeting of the committee of the City Night Refuge and Soup Kitehon was hold on Friday. Mr. James Dowling was in the ohair. Thoro wero O1BO present Mossrs. Crocker, Guy, Monk, Rennio, and Stedmnn. Tho manager re- ported having supplied 5984 meals, and that 5795 beds wero used by thoBO who sought nightly shelter ; also having paid into tho fund during tho month £5. 13a Gd. Accounts woro passed for payment amounting to £90 10s 8d. A MAN named Stephenson was admitted into the Parramatta Distriot Hospital yesterday suffering from a broken wrist and internal injuries. Ho was oiling an engine whilst it was standing on the Wentworthville Bridgo, and on " stopping off the engine he feel through tho skoloton bridgo. Br wiro it was yesterday reported to tho police from Botany, that about noon a man named William Chapman, 27 yoars of age, a ropomakor by trade, who had resided at Botany-road, Water- loo, had been washed off the rocks at tho north sido of Long Bay whilst fishing and drowned. Tho occurrence was witnessed by two mon. "YESTERDAY morning a man named James Dunlop Walker, a single man, 01 years of ago, residing in Rainbow-stroot, Coogee, waa found by his nephew, Samuol Harper, lying on his back in his bouroom in an unconscious state with blood oozing from his mouth and noso. Dr. Reddall, of Randwick, was immediately sent for, and on arrival pronounood lifo extinct. Harper states that about the timo abovomentionod decoasod and ho wore'at breakfast in the front room, when Walker went into his bedroom, and after about a minute Harper hoard a report of firearms, and on entering the room found deceased as stated. On tho right ear was a wound like that mado by a bullet, and near the loft hand was found a six-ohamborod revolver, with ono of tho chambers apparently recontly discharged. Tho deceased for some time past had complained of pains in his hoad, and had boen in rather a dospondont stato of mind. THE City Coroner on Saturday held an inquest at the Summer Hill Hotel upon the body of William Abbey, bootmaker, of George-street, Sydney, who lost his life at the Summer Hill railway station on Thursday night by falling between the train and platform and being crushed. The deceased was about 66 years of age, and lived at the Hotel Metropole. It appears that deceased was endea- vouring to get on to the half-past 11 train to the City while it was in motion, and slipped and was thrown down. The train was immediately stopped, but when he was freed from the position in which he had fallen it was found that his arm had to be amputated. The deceased died a few hours after the doctors had performed the operation. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased met with the accident which caused his death acci- dentally while jumping on to a train whilst in motion. On Saturday afternoon the Parramatta District Coroner, Mr. J. E. Bowden, held an inquest at the George-street Asylum, Parramatta, touching the death of an old man named George Appleby, aged 70, who, on the morning of the same day, suddenly expired while sitting on a form in what is known as the exercise yard. He was seen to suddenly drop his head forward, and on examination he was found to be dead. Dr. William Bradley Violette, medical officer, stated that death was due to syncope, with fatty degeneration of the heart. Deceased was admitted into the institution last year. He was a native of England, and had been in the colony for about 34 years. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with medical testimony. Tira Princo Alfred Hospital report for the wook ended Soptembor 2G is as follows:-Admitted, 55; discharged, 40 ; diod, 8; remaining in hospital, 209 : numbor of out-pationts treated during the week, 321; numbor of casualty casos treated but not ad- mitted, 189 ; total, 513. Thoro oro throe caeos of typhoid fever in tho hospital. 