THE DOCIOES SHOOK THEIB HEADS. ' I would give a million dollars for a stomach,' said a wealthy American recently. Sow, a million dollars (£200,000) ie a deal of money, but he wa not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaekin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Dariey Abbey, near D/rby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he whb ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story.and he f ball tell it in his own w- y. Mr. Gaskin goes on to eay : ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost en hours' work through sickness. In Mceember, 1882, whilst living at Beeaton, near Kottinghano, my appetite fell away, I uau ureauim p«iin alter eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, tbe latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my Sugars. JMy cbest U9ed to 'fill up' and my throat woula 6 well bo I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had. a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at th nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became - xhauBted and short of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. ' I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for eix months wa«s very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my f iends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Dariey Abbey, and my former waiter gave ma an indoor ©commendation to the Derby elite Infirmary, Deiby. I found, however, tnat all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ? You are in a galloping consumption, and must die :' the other doc tors, after sounding my lungs and cbest, said nothing, but shook tlieir heads. 'Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things west on like this until De cembi r, 1888, when I caught cold, got verv short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this tin;e the whites of my eyes turne - y How, and my ejes were bloodehot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I oftm broke out into a cold clammy sweat, my tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stoue weight in three weeks. ** I man ged to get up for a few hours at a time, but w s so we- k I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often eat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nerrous I couldn't hear the least noise, and the children at play quite upBet me. *' The doctor kept on attending me, but he said ' I can do you no good, 1 can only patch you up because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everythi g I could hear of. One thing waB a couiib cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and mv friends who came to see me said * Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' 'About he mdddJe of March, 1889, a neighbor named Jospph Tatbam,; who works in tbe paper mills at Dariey Abbey, *aid to me, * Tom, did you ever try Mother SeigeTs SyrupV and told me how be' had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much ia praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bott e at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first doB? I had an evacuation black as iuk, and vomited. Then I fell aeieep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the me icine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go ont for a short walk. By tbe end of a forrnight I went to see my maBter, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told hm, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel'r Syrup ha;] eaved my life. I com menced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. ?? Of course my strength did Dot return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup fo six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaekin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Dariey Abbey, Who 18 acquainted with aU th * facts alleged Mr. Gaskin has lived at Dariey Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, wfeat *vas «he complaint from which he suffered? Not gaUoping consumption, certainly Cat one of the doctors thought), «r he would have galloped into the grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con Bumption for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrong y treated. When tbe right remedy, Mother Seige'e Syrup, Was used the disease yielded, as all disease- of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. ia-kin on his recoveryt and recommend the facts of his case lo all thinking people. 