GREAT QUESTIONS AFFECTING PRESENT LITE. BY REV. FEED. HASIIUGS. MAY A MAN BE 8UBE OF El-ZHNAI. I-"' ? "-AgjjSkn may hope for eternal life, but cannot be certain of its possession," say some. There are those who •would regard as presumption any assertion as to present actual possession. We admit that if a man were to assert that he is perfectly sure that whatever sin he might co n- mit he would still be saved, or that he is one of the elect and must therefore " finally persevere " unto eternal bliss, he might be asserting that which jvould not come to pass. God's mercy is infinite, but it is balanced by justice, or there would be an opening for yielding to antinomian error. But avoiding this there is a sphere for this assurance Of the possession of eternal life. Let us see on what grounds a Christian may venture to claim such an assurance. Look at what John says: "These things have I written unto you that believe in the name of the Son of God, that ye may know that ye have eternal life."—1 Jt>hn v. 13. By faith in the incarnate Christ as the revelation of God's love and justice, a vital principle is implanted that leads to the development of a spiritual nature, the spiritual nature is distant from the natural, even as the spiritual body differs from the material. Man naturally is an animal with mind and a soul that may be fitted for eternal bliss. He has partaken of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, but he was kept back from touching the tree of life. In order to eat of that, man had to wait until the Christ came. He gave His life for the life of the world. He said, "I am the true vine, whosoever eateth me, even he shall live by me." " The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life." To accept His truth is to have the germ principle of a new life implanted, of a life that will be developed more perfectly after death. If we regard salvation as deliverance from sin and the love of sin rather than from the consequences of past guilt, we shall see that a man may assert that he knows he has that salvation. He knows, too, whether he has or has not the perfect intention to live a pure life. If he has the perfect intention he is as far as the requirement of the gospel is concerned so far perfect. He will know in himself that there are various evils in his nature to be overcome, but he knows that his reconciled Father is constantly turning his face from all shortcomings in his child, and waiting for the time to come when every monilion 'jf sin shall be eradicated from the soul. If the man is conscious that he is so regarded and dealt with by his Father, he surely knows that he has eternal life. If, however, he is conscious that he is living in the indulgence of some sin, he cannot be sure that he has eternal life. He loses then the great joy which comes from a firm conviction ol his possession of that priceless jewel of eternal life. There are certain persons, who, in childhood, have been frightened by ghastly ghost stories, who cannot shake off early impressions. A lonely road, a dark street, a graveyard at night time, an empty house gives them, when alone, a sense of creepiness. An imagination, active, fertile, vivid, conjures up all sorts of possibilities of evil natural and supernatural. Now, for such to conquer fear and compel themselves to remain alone in a drep.ry place is a greater triumph than for others. Thus, many, owing to a certain style of religious training avy embued with ideas of God and salvation which are hard, narrow, and deathly. It is not easy for them to get free from such influences, and learn to bask in the sunshine of such a divine certainty as that expressed in the words, "We know that we have passed from death unto life," or these "We know that He hath given us eternal life." There are those who base their hopG on the remembrance of a certain experience at a specif! period in life. A great spiritual change took place suddenly. They saw some sign or were conscious of a remarkable elation of spirit or revelation of the powers of the world to come and of the gospel. Some of the Church's most earnest woikers, have had such experiences, and much church teaching has led to the expectation on the part of others of such remarkable experiences. Still, an experience must not be accounted as worth more than an intelligent appreciation of the gospel. We must rest in the sacrifice of Christ as availing 1 for salvation rather than in a sensation. " Believe," not " feel" is the command of Christ. Alas ! however, many are kept back from this assurance of th« possession of eternal life by the fact that they have not had signs, and strong spiritual sensations like to those of which others epeak. Look at some of the things that may give confidence to those doubtful as to the possession of eternal life. May we not point to an implicit faith in the Bible as containing the revelation of God as one sign ? A man feels that if the book is not, as it professes to bo, from God, it ought to be. He Gees that it responds to that which is most podlike in the soul. He sees how God pardons, not as man, but as a God, He does not go to volumes that prove the historical accuracy of the Bible ; he does not trouble himself about the criticisms of Koenen, Welhausen or others; he accepts it because it carries internally its own testimony to its truth. Following on this faith in the Word as a sign, is another; unreserved trust in work accomplished for us by Christ on Calvary. One who has felt the burden of sin, who has striven to cast off failing after failing, whose quickened conscience has only made his state seem more hopeless, and who has heard Christ preached will realise how wondrous is the power of release He gives. Trust in the word of a man may alter the complexion of a whole life, trust in the word of Christ alters the aspect of eternity. Faith in Christ brings eternal life. That the atoning work is God's appointment is sufficient apart from any explanation of its mysteiy. To rely on the finished work of Christ, the reparation wrought, the reconciliation effected, becomes life. Jesus of Nazareth becomes the one object of love. His eyes beam mercy. His nailed hands are stretched out in mercy. His lips speak mercy. His blood is the sprinkling power of mercy. It cleanses from sin. The unselfishness, intensity, the divinity and universality of divine mercy and love are seen to be embodied in Christ. Love springs up in the soul accepting that fact. That love cannot be transient and temporal. It is eternal. Love is life. The man has eternal life in that realised love. Further accompanying this trust in the atoning work of Christ comes an interior peace, the work of the Holy Spirit. It " bears witness with our spirit." It is a peace " passing all understanding." In the peace and the preceding experience is a testimony as undoubted to the actual truth of Christ, as available and trustworthy as anything in the world. It is a matter of thankfulness that one so abreast of all theological difficulties as Dr. Dale should recently have asserted that this spiritual experience is so good a foundation on which to build up an argument ?or faith in the word or in the future. If a man has this peace, he will have a growing "hunger for righteousness. If he has not the hunger he will not have the peace. If he has both he will in the peace and the longing for purity have an assurance that he has already begun that life of holiness which must have eternity for its completion. A confirmatory evidence of the present possession of this spiritual and eternal life will be found in a man's altered disposition towards his fellows. He will love the man he soes as well as the God he does not see. He will find in them all the good possible, and will turn his eyes from the evil. He will not regard them with envious, jealous, suspicious, critical, condemnatory glance. He will not calculate on how much he may gain from them, or how ho can make of them rungs in a ladder for himself to ascend higher. He won't be indifferent to them, much less hate them. Those humble Christians he formerly despised he will learn to honour. The church relationship he once slighted, and fellowship he once repudiated he will come to value. In this he has another indication of his possession of eternal life. _ _ _ Above all, when a man sees how changed are his aims and hopes he will be impressed in the belief that an eternal life is really already in his hand, not only as an earnest, but an abundant possession. Pleasure, position, fame, the most splendid success in this life is nothing compared with that to which he looks forward. An other-worldliness distinguishes him now. He lives for the future, and is by so much a better citizen of the present world. His horizon [ has widened. He "receives a Kingdom which cannot be moved." He is an heir of immortality, and there is in him, through Christ, a regality of nature loftier than that of any occupant of earthly throne. He has faith in the word, in his spiritual deliverance, in the work of Christ, in the witness of the Spirit, in his changed dispositions, in his altered aims. He has passed from death unto life, and he knows it. He is no longer on board a sinking ship, seeking to weather a terrific storm, masts and sails gone, swamped by every successive wave, driven by every blast nearer needle-like rocks, a ship on board which the shrill cries of seamen mingled with agonized prayers of passengers ; but he is safe in the harbour. He walks the wharves. He stamps his foot on the granite, and he says to himself " I know I am now safe." He looks up to God and says with all devoutness, " Thanks, eternal gratitude to Thee, O Heavenly Father, whose arm hath stilled the restless wave, and whose hand stretched out at Calvary has snatched me from eternal death, and given unto me eternal life." Fear not, then, 0 Christian, to glorify thy God for the fact of deliverance and assure thine heart in thy eternal possession. Trifle not with it. Presume not upon it. Make not Christ the minister of sin. Think not, however, that you are to be afraid to assert your confidence in your wondrous possession. God is not glorified by doubt, by hesitancy, and by limping acknowledgment. Let there be a joyous and spontaneous recognition of-God's great mercy in granting unto you this eternal life. Exult in the thought that God will not let your hope be disappointed in the future, but having given in the heart the assurance of eternal salvation, he will perfect the good wor k He has begun in the eternal sphere. The thought that such a precious possession may slip from our grasp should awaken the liveliest concern. Christ is near, we can accept Him. "Time enough," we say, and the opportunity is gone. " Lay hold on eternal life. Lay hold and God help you to keep hold. The moment of implicit trust in the work of Christ is the birth-moment of a soul for eternal bliBS. God help all who now know Him i not, to know Him, whom to know is eternal life. Amen. 