Nei> Ryan's Win. A good while back a friend gavo ma certain information concerning Ned ltyan, a heavy weight boxer. After a gooctdcal of trouble I managed to get him down to Sydney, and ho gave ino a trial. Then I forniod tho opiuiou that ho wn3 a good man, and expressed that notion frooly. Ho was, however, uufortuuate enough to displease tho cognosconti, anil they to a man condemned him as a rank duffer. IIo was called a big, hulking overgrown lump of humanity, and a sick sort of fighter, and all that sort of thing. Ho had a fight with a big, rough fellow nainod Williams out at Coogoo, and won in what seemed to mo to be good style. But still the clever crowd would havo none of liiin. and ho could got no purse. At last he was matched withTIovb Goddard in the Melbourne Club. I told Horb that he would not have a ghost of a show, as I looked upon Ryan us having a good even money chanoo even with Joo Goddard. Horb said he had signed articles and would fight. Ho did so last Wednesday night, and I got . badly whipped in eight rounds, Ryan not getting a mark, and show ing fine science and good punishing power, llorb. Goddard never had a ghost of 11 eliunco in the light. Ryan fought carefully, and did not throw away a chauco. Ho is open to light Joo Goddard, and as 1 said six mouths ago I say now, I think ho will give tho Barrior Champion a torriblo rough timo of it. He 13 Cft high, and in good condition scales 12st 121b. Ho has a hoantit'ul left baud, good feet, ami a heavy right, which ho uses with groat judgment. Ho is" as cool n3 Jim Hall in the ring, and lias a perfectly legitimate claim to fight Joe Goddard, whom he mot with skin gloves iu a small room when ho was only a stripling under J2st weight. Goddard rnshed him to death on that occasion, but Ryan thinks ho can turn the tabios now, and f certainly think lie will give the "cyclone" a rod-liot doing. Out of- tho ring ho is a quiet, unassiiraiug young fellow, rathor a handsomo man to look at j whou stripped ho is seen to be vory finely propor- . tinned and full of powor. I look upon kim as 0110 of tho coining claimants to tho heavy weight championship of Australia, and hope Joo Goddard will give him his rovenge as ho should do. 