THE WILD WEST WIND. (daily kews.) The gale that with scanty warning burst upon us early in the week was quite in keeping with the character of the month. October has earned itself an ill repute for rough weather. The historical great storm —the gals that overthrew the first Eddys tone lighthouse, destroyed a million pounds' worth of property in London alone, and sank six British war ships at their moorings—was late on in November. Bat it was in October, four years later, that Sir Cloudesley Shovel's squadron was lost among the rocks of Suilly. Ihe fatal gale that drove the Royal Charter ashore on the coast of Anglesea was in October, while the tempestuous weather of this week is almost exactly on the anniversary of the great storms of 1877 and 1881. The landscape will wear quite a different look when these stormy days are past. Already the trees are stripped of half their foliage. In the air there is a very rain of falling leaves. The woodland paths are strewn with the tattered draperies of ash and elm, of beech and sycamore. Every gust that tosses the white poplar scatters new flakes of silver on tha grass, while fiery leaves of creeper are whirled like flames across the murky sky. In the open spaces of the wood, the leaves dead Are driven, like ghosts from anenchanfcerflceinj*. . Overhead, rattle the dismantled boughs. The great trees bend to the fury of the storm. How the hanchty forest brothers* Bend and tremble!—how they falit How they cling on one another's Arms 1—each crashes each and smothers. Till, tangled, strangled, down come all; And the wild winds through the ruin Are howling-, hissing, and hallooing. With redoubled fury the tide comes roaring up the beach. Over outlying rocks thunder the great surges, and when a fiercer wave leaps high over the dark reef the wild winds lift it in their grasp. And hold it up, and shake it like a fleece. The dark line of seaweed that, like the figure of some mighty serpent, follows the windings of the shore, growB with each flowing tide. For When descends on the Atlantic The gigantic StonzCrcind of the eaninox, Landward in his wrath he scourges The toiling surges Laden with seaweed from the rocks. And floating slowly in among the drifting sea wrack, or hurled up high and dry upon the shingle, broken spars, all scarred and splintered with battering on the rocks, tell all too plainly of meets npon the main. Of ships dismasted, that were hailed, And sent no answer back again. Too often, alas! the ebbing tide leaves yet sadder jetsam on the shore—white, still figures, lying face down npon the yellow sand; to be lifted reverently, perhaps, but yet by strange hands, and oommitted with brief rites to the corner of the ancient grave* yard round " the little grey church on the windy hill," where the low, green, nameless ridges are the sole memorials of lost mariners. On these wild nights, when we lie awake and listen to the storm : when it howls about the gables and shakes the windows in their frames ; when, above the rash of the rain, we hear Ever wilder, fiercer, grander, IAe the trumpets of Iskander, All the noisy chimneys blow; let us bestow more than a mere passing thought of pity on the thousands of poor souls who " toil for us, bleed for ns, hunger and.sorrow and sin for us," afloat upon the wild North Sea. On these nights, it may be, many a brave ship is driving through the black impenetrable darkness; dismantled, dismasted, helpless, hopeless, drifting to her doom. These am nights when it is well to think of the gallant lifeboat crews that faoe unflinchingly the angry waves. 