JEFFERSON'S STORIBS ABOUT SIR WILLIAM DON. In the autobiography which Joseph Jef- ferson, the oelebratecl American actor, has recently published ho gives an account of his Fikst Inteuview with Sir William Don. I had novey seen this man until now, but I imagined that I knew who lie was, for if I was not, mistaken in his height and ap- pearance. I had already heard of him. As we apprqiached nearer his ease and confi- dent manner were almost impertinent. He had one hand in his pocket, and with the other slowly twirled a long gold-headed cane. As we met there was on his hand- some face, a self- sufficient smile, and ho turned his. iarpre eyes from one sido of tim streot to the other, with tho air of a mau who owned Vialf of Savannah and was con- templating ,the possibility of getting a mortgage on ¿t with tho ultimate view of purchasing the» rest of tho city. Aftor wo had passed I tunned to look back, and found that he had done, tho same. We wero both caught dead ; tlieve was no disguising it, so we approached eac\h other. " Pardon me, so'," said I. " if I am mis takou, but are you.ai'ot Sir William Don ?" "Quite right, old' chap. How aie you?" he replied. We .Shook hands, and thoro was a pauso. He« lookod at mo with a quizstioal twinkle £n . his eye, and said, " Well, which is it-'-Jefferson or Ellslcr ? You can't bo both y.bu know." I laughed heartily} at this ; not so much nt what ho said, wliijch was cornmonplaco enouqh, but at the woiy in whioh he said it. I thought to myself, " This must bo a great comedian." He saw he had made a hit, and laughod in the enjoyment of it. " My name is Jefferson," said I. "Mr. Ellslor is my partnert" Well, Jeff., old fellow," as if ho had known mo all his life, " I'll bo frank with you.' Hore I am, a star in search of a nianagerJ" " Well," I said, " I will bo equally frdnk with you. I am a manager in search of a sftir." " Capital 1" said ho. "'Will I do ?" " Will you do ? Yon.aro the very mau," I replied. " Hurrah I We wilmay ' Bot and Cox' together." Then throwing his arras around me, he quoted from the farce, " ' You are my long-lost brother !' " " Bit down," said I, as we came to a 'bunch, " and wo will talk terms." " What are you going to offer me ? Don't be modest-put it high. ' Lay on Macdnff, and damned bo him who first ories Hold, enough !' " In our present delightful frame of mind there was no difficulty in settling terms. Wo both would havo agreed to anything. I told him I would give him one- third of tho gross receipts, with a Half clear benefit at tho ond of-tlie week. A Couple of Don's Letters. While in New York during the noxfc sum- mer I got tho following note from Don : " St. Nicholas Hotel, June 25,1851. "My Dear Jeff.-I have just arrived from Boston, whero I havo been playing a bad engagement. The'modern Athens was not overwhelmed by my nobility. The critics went so far as to say that I was any- thing but a good actor, What execrable taste ! Well, here I am at the St. Niabolas. Fine rooms, but abominable cooking. Everything tastes alike, I am beginning to think that tho Frenchman was riglnt when he said that in America you had fiiVy religions but only one gravy. When shall" I dino with you ? Make it early. I will drop in pist as one of the family-pot-luck, you know. Do not put yourself out for me ; a pair of canvas- back ducks and a bottle of Johannisberg, or two, am not particular. Yours, Don." Tho day for the dinner was arranged the 4th of July ; but as it would have needed ajourney to the coast of Labrador to get a pair of oanvas-baek dncks at that time of the year, I ordered roast beef and plum pudding instead. The occasion being a patriotic one as far as the date was con corned, it struck mo that an English dinner would bo in good tasto for Sir "William. But wo were doomed to disappointment, for at 10 o'clock in the morning a Stratege man came to the door^ and gave mo the following note from Don : " Ludlow-streot effroi, July 4,1851. " My dear .Jeff,-You will see by the heading of thus that I have changed my hotel. Was it you or your father who wrote the Declaration of Independence ? If it was your ancestor, you aro not responsible, and I have nothing to say, but if ' in the course of human events' it was yourself, never hope to bo forgiven. Seo what that absurd and unimportant document has brought me to. If America were still one of her Mafosty's colonies, an English nobleman would not be troated with disrespect. Here I am languishing in prison because somo old Jew says I borrowed 100 dollars front him on falso pretences. (Ho may think himself lucky that itwas not 1000.) I said that I would pay him out of tho money I made in Boston. Well, I did not make any money in Boston, so I lookod upon the mattor as settled. Come and soo me. If you have never been in this establishment,'»^ will be quito a treat for you.--Yours, Don." An Incorrigible Toke|r. Among the well-remembered , characters of my dramatic life was an actor named Salisbury. . . . Lifo wasj ono huge joke to him; ho treated nothing seriously. Ho was the delight of actprs and the bano of managers. It is rfdated of him that ho once sent a telegram I to Mr. Bice, of tho Chicago Theatre, applying for an engagement. The manager sent back this answer :-" I would not engage you if you would come for nothing." ,To which Salis- bury replied :-" Terms accepted. Will be with you to-morrow." This man's memory was so wonderful that it was almost impos- sible to ask him a question -without getting a Shakespearian quotation in reply. If he was imperfect in his part, which was generally the case, he would inter- polate speeches from other charac- ters, talking tho most absurd non senso, and turning a serious scone into ridiculo. . . . Ono morning the poor old laundress was dunning him for hor hard earnings. He was standing at the stage door surrounded by a circle of admirers, and, turning furiously upon the old woman, he paraphrased Macbeth's speech to the ghost of Banqno in the following words : " Avaunt and quit my sight. Thy tubs are marrowless ; there is no starch in my fine shirts that thoa dost glare withal. Approach thou like the Russian managor, the Hyrcan critic, or the old rye whisky-us; or, be alivo again and make it salary day. If trembling, then, I do inhibit theo, confess me but a babe of a Salisbury." The laun- dress fled in despair, only too glad to escape unpaid from the supposed lunatic. 