DRAMATIC AND MVSU81CAL" NOTES. • (BY TouCBsTONE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAfYBILLS. No. 121. THEATRE ROYAL, IMMENSE SUCCESS Of the LEOPOLD TROUPE. 'I HIS EVENING, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1801. H. T. Craven's domestic drama in 2 acts, THE POST BOY. Joe Spurrit (Old Post Boy) Mr GEORGE StInoi Maria ....Miss Louisa Manley Other characters by the company. To be followed by the ballet, TIlE SPANISHI DANoERS, By the Leopold Bros. ano FIsAULEIN FANNIE. To conclude with the laughable farce, THE AnTFUL DODGE. Nicodemus Dodge ... Mr George Simms Polly ... ... ... .. Miss Laporte 5 Prices as usual. NorTE.--The performance of 'The Post- 1 boy' had proceeded for half an hour, when an extensive fire broke out at Messrs Ditcham and Co.'s, close by the theatre, I and the building was for a time entirely deserted. After an interval of about three t quarters of an hour the performance was t resumed and the whole of the programme gone through. Poor George Simms, whom I know well, and with whom I have played I in the piece above-mentioned, was always regarded in the light of what the pro- 1 fession term a ' Jonah'--that is an unlucky i man. He was an excellent actor, but mis fortune, it is said, dogged his footsteps throughout his life. It was during the p p.riod he was engaged at the old Princeof Wales Opera House in Sydney that the building was burnt down. 'Old Play-goer' writes in regard to Mr Walter Bentley and the resuscitation of ' Rob Roy' at the Theatre Royal Mel bdourne :- The circumstance' reminds me much of the first time I entered a theatre in London. In the month of June, 1830, I accompanied one of my parents to the Coburg Theatre, New Cut, Lambeth, London, afterwards named the Victoria, after Her Majesty's accession to the throne of England. The theatre was under the lesseeslsip of a Mr Levy; and I recollect the 'looking-glass' drop curtain let down between the pieces. The first piece played on the occasion I refer to was the drama. tised version of Sir Walter Scott's novel, 'Rob Roy.' After that there was some juggling by an Indian called Rama Samee, and the 'looking-glass' curtain was let down, which enabled the audience to per ceive if any of their friends were present. Then came the afterpiece, which was an adaptation of Captain Marryat's novel, 'Jacob Faithful.' The principal character, Rob Roy, in the first piece was enacted by Mr N. T. Hicks, at that time fast growing into favour with the tranepontino raudiences; who took the role of Helen Macgregor. I do not recollect, but to my then uninitiated mind, the portrayals could not have been imoroved upon. The character of Jacob Faithful was also played by Mr N. T. Hicks (of 'Bravo' Hicks fame), but by whom the remainder of the cast was carried out my memory is not retentive enough to say. F. H. Clarke opens with his Folly Com pany at the Academy of Music to-night. Bland Holt plays his company in Hobart during the holidays. Thus a New Zealand exchange re a vocalist well known to many Launces tonians:-' Arthur Clampett has become quite a family man, being assisted in his concert tour up north by Miss Evelyn Price (Mrs Clampett), Miss Claudia Price, and Miss Violet Price, his sisters-in-law.' The Payne Family are in the southern part of the North Island, as is also Mr Horace Chester. t Amy Sherwin has left the Carl Rosa Com pany, and will star the English provinces with a concert company managed by Mr Hugo Gorlitz. I am glad to note the success of Mr R. F. Cunningham, who has of late blossomed into a most promising tenor in the old country. I can well remember ' Bob,' as we used to call him,some fourteen years ago, then a very corpulent youngster, going to school in Hobart. ' Jim' and 'Ted' Cunningham, his elder brothers, were in those days well known Tasmanian pressmen, the former editing the old Tribune, while the latter held a position on the literary staff of the same journal, together with poor Harry Collier, and the late A. J. A. Kearny who died in Sydney recently. 'Ted' Cunningham left .tlhe Tribune and accepted a position on the . 1,e, whence he went to the Argus, with which journal be is still connected as leader of the literary staff. ' Jim' has a big short hand business in Melbourne, and is a fine genial fellow. ' Bob' will, I feel sure, gain a leading position on the London boards, for, in addition to a good voice, he possesses all the family tact and energy. Recent English advices show that he made a highly successful appearance in Manches ter on the 10th November as Thaddeus in the 'Bohemian Girl.' He was twice encored and was well applauded throughout. He received the congratulations of the manager, the conductor, and the members of the company on the success he had achieved. He is now studying the leading male roles in 'The Daughter of the Regi ment' and ' MIaritana,' and will appear in them shortly. Mr Stanley, it is said, receives the Sbiggest sum ever paid to a lecturer in the r Antipodes. The agreement contains a Sheavy forfeiture clause, which will be operative if necessary against the explorer. The Charringtons, Herbert Flemming, SHarry Power, and Ida Herbert left Powns: r ville recently by the Tara, ca rolue for India. Recently Miss Helen Fergus and com. Spany were playing at the Princess Theatre, a Dunedin, to fair houses. Despite the fact that their whole collec Stion of trained horses was detained in 5 quarantino, Messrs Sells Brothers have Sbeen doing a great business with their Sgigantic circus in Sydney. 'In spite S(states an exchange) cf the absence of Stheir splendid performing horses, which we \- believe they will get back very shortly, Stheir show is head and shoulders above I anything in the line we have ever had in t the colonies. They have a large troupe of Arabs, who perform some marvellous feats Sof gun-spinning and sword practice; a Sparty of Japs, whose balancing and acro Sbatic feats are new and entertaining: con d tortionists and trapeze artists; the re Snowned Stirk Family on their bicycles; a ond the Silbons, in their exlhibition on the Y lofty trapeze. In short, the attractions Sare almost unlimited, and so many different \- performers are engaged that for the greater r part of the performance three shows are t going on at the same time. Their ele 5 phants and hippopotami are by no means y the least attraction, and, on the whole, , Sells' Circus is an exhibition that every. Sone should see.' They close in Sylney r to-day. The Baldwin Butterfly Company are a playing at Durbon, South Africa. They r leave there for India this month. S Old Otagans whose memories will carry them back to the early digging days wr when Dunedin, in addition a couple of . well-patronised theatres, was in possession e of three or four music hIalls and free-and c1 easies will, states the IVincss, still retain a s warm corner in their hearts for the inim. : itable Borlow. whose topical songs and '. 'Blue-tailed fly,' 'What's to become of 1- poor Billy Barlow,' ' Serious family,' 'Pro y fessor Pepper's ghost,' where received with f uproarious applause night after night. I They will be pleased to learn that not only is L Mr Barlow still in thb flesh,but hoisactually f once again in our midst, having arrived in d Wellington in the Waihora recently. Mr o Barlow retired from the stage many years ago, and has .since given his attention to It mining speculations and farming in Queens o land. For the present he is taking advan d tage of New Zealand's cool climate to avoid f Queensland's hot summer and to recover from the effects of a recent illness, and it d is possible that he may give some d entertainments during his stay in the 11i colony. e A Mr Martin has arranged with Mr hlfaxwell Grey for the right of dramatising 5, tBe author's novel, 'The Silence of Dean Maitland,' 