AT THE BEEHIVE. The latest in “booms” is the renewal of the Tasmanian silver racket. Some two years ago when the Broken Hill furore was at its height, when the good stocks were driven up to prices far above their reasonable value, and when the country for miles north and south and east and west of the silver reefs—when thoroughly worthless tracts of land were being “syndi cated" and floated into bogus companies, there was simultaneously a mild silver excitement in Tasmania. Silver King was the chief stock, and it rose to about L120 per share, whilst lots of others in the same locality reached very big prices. But after that there was a long lull In Tasmanian Mt. Zeehan stocks. Silver Kings for many months were not saleable at more than L25, whilst numbers of the smaller stocks had no market value whatever. But some very good prospects have been obtained over there lately, and Tasmanian silver mines have boon boomed forth more loudly than ever. That unmitigated fraud who calls himself the “mining expert" has as usual been aiding syndicators and company-mongers to let the public into “good things," and glowing and gushing reports have appeared in an uninfluential and not over-scrupulous sec tion of tho Victorian press. Those re ports to a professional newspaper man pre sent unmistakable evidence of their insertion having either been paid for over the counter by the aforesaid company-mongers, or that the innocent reporters of the sharemarket have been bamboozled by cunning rogues to cheat the editors into publishing matter calculated to “boom" wild-cat silver scrip. So let those of our Sandhurst people who are prone to have a flutter In stocks away from home take heed,that whilst they bargain that they are purchasing an interest in a silver mine, they are not in reality purchasing a share in a shallow hole in the solitary Tasmanian bush, in six logs, a windlass, a rope and a bucket, with one man sleeping at the bottom of the 10ft “shaft" and another man and a dog fighting the flies and dozing on the surface. There are at Mount Zeehan some three or four mines which will probably be rich ones when opened up, yet if the country were but a fraction as rich in silver as it is now represented to be, they would not two years or more before getting machinery and smelters on the ground. Broken Hill was a far more outlandish and God forsaken place than the Went Coast of Tas mania, yet when the Broken Hill lode was discovered it was not many months ere the Proprietary Company was baking and boiling out its thousands of ounces of silver per week and scores of tons of lead. There is nearly always something suspicious where owners of alleged rich mines pretend that they cannot get machinery or other appliances on the ground to work their ground properly. If silver or gold were known to exist in payable quantities on top of the mountains of the moon, engineering skill and the pluck of British laborers would very shortly be depositing it in the strong-rooms of the banks. Wild cats at Broken Hill, Mt. Costigan, Tingha and other places took away a good deal of Bendigo money a couple or three years ago. And now bids are being invited for a whole Tasmanian wilderness of similar wild cats. The promising mlnes over there are already at a tremendous figure, whilst the moderately priced ones are, it can be safely assumed, nothing more than so many acres of pegged out rock and scrub. And yet we have in Bendigo hundreds upon hundreds of half-worked or unworked auriferous land, which if Bendigo were a new and distant goldfield would be rushed and “boomed’ tomorrow. Well, not to-morrow —next Monday morning. A few of Mr. Nimmo’s constituents are, in rather questionable taste, determined on trot ting him out and banquetting and testimonialis Ing him as a much ill-used man in the recent Premier Permanent prosecutions. It would be a great deal more to their credit if they would reserve their sympathy and guineas for some of the victims of the society’s directors and secre taries—of those helpless widows and orphans for instance, whose all has been swept away in the crash, and who are in receipt of aid from the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum and other charities. Mr. Nimmo escaped conviction be cause he was held to be a silly innocent old man, who would intentionally harm nobody, the inference from which is, that had he been of brighter parts, he might now be keeping com pany with the “man of the beard" (Mirams' famous board is it seems still intact, notwith standing that he is in gaol, “a throat affection" having been opportunely discovered as a bar against the application to him of the gaol rules, which are applied indiscriminately to less elevated wrong-doers.) The less which Mr. Nimmo and his friends say about the Premier Permanent case the better, for it is apt to provoke undesirable criticism. It was amusing, however, to note that the Revd. Mr. Kinsman was to the fore at the South Melbourne meeting seconding the motion for a grand complimentary presentation to Mr. Nimmo, and promising a donation towards it of three guineas. Kins man not so very long ago had a narrow escape of being compulsorily retired from private life through a piece of sharp practice and greed in his marrying business. A fellow feeling, etc. But if Nimmo is to be banquetted and testimonialised, why not the very much maligned and innocent Dow, who only took directors' fees for three years without owning a solitary share in the association ; or Mr. Ferguson, or Mr. Stuart? And when they are at it, why not have a welcome home gathering and illuminated address road for Mr. Lumsden, another of the directors, who, most fortunately for himself, left for Europe a couple of days or so before the prosecutions were started, but has not returned to the colony since ? Miss Helen Hart, it seems, is still sojourning in Sandhurst; not that she loves our town so dearly, as that owing to the small repute in which her “lectures" are held that she cannot raise the feathers to fly away with. Quarrel some though she is, one cannot help feeling pity for a poor soul like her, cast amongst strangers, and far away from her own country, and the “ghost” declining to walk her lecture stage. She should give up lecturing and preaching. Assuredly it is not her forte. She should re sume whatever line of usefulness she was en gaged in before she became ambitious of taking to public life. It will probably pay her better, and tend to her recovering that equanimity of temper which has been so sadly tried by the contemplation of empty seats at her lectures. Recapitulating her grievances, she writes that in Castlemaine last Sunday afternoon she did some out-door religious preaching—a scriptural address is the good lady’s term for it. Then she took up a collection, and it brought in one half-crown, one shilling, nine three penny pieces, one penny, and a button—total cash, 5s 10d. Thus there were thirteen philanthropists (including him of the button) in Castlemaine last Sunday afternoon. But there were fewer at Chewton, where she “labored" with on open air gospel address later on the same day. There were 300 persons listening to her. As she writes in her peculiar cacography and orthography, “I took Ephraim 6; [no, on look ing closer at her manuscript I find it is Ephesians] childe oby yur parets, etc., collec tion Is 4d, two peices of stone.” She was righteously disgusted, and no wonder - 16 pence and two bits of stone in the hat was bad for 300 people. I might give much more from the long letter of this much tried individual, but as it is frightfully hard to decipher, cast it aside, with a hope that she will change her occupation, and in some other branch of activity strike better gold than she got in her open-air Sunday addresses at Castlemaine and Chewton. When the city bench order the forfeiture of boy’s shanghais how are they forfeited ? Why, taken home by the lawyers and the constables for their children. A certain small boy, with a companion of his, had the misfortune recently to be fined 5s for using a shanghai. The shanghais were also declared forfeit by the bench. Just after the court rose and whilst the fines were being paid, that small boy in forms me that one of the lawyers who had been sitting at the table took up the two for feited shanghais, and admiring one of them for its ingenious workmanship and solid India- rubber rings, remarked to a very big policeman standing near by, "That’s a splendid shanghai; I’ll take it home for my boy." “ Very well, ’ said the constable, “ and the other one will do for my lad.’’ It was pretty cool to say the least of it to be thus dividing property forfeit to the Crown, and under the very eyes of the boys who had bought and made the contraband articles. So thinks my young friend, and he wanted to know whether he hasn’t still as much right to his shanghai as the lawyer’s boy or the con stable's boy. I assured him that he had, and further, that if he waylaid those boys and forcibly re took possessions, their fathers of the law would have to grin and bear it, under penalty of providing a comical newspaper para graph for the reporters. The Criminals Influx Act is sometimes most cruelly put in operation against ex-prisoners who are striving hard to regain respectable positions in society. So said, or thought, a metropolitan justice a couple of days ago as he demurred against punishing a man under this act. To assist in getting a conviction the arresting detective assured the bench that “such men are never interfered with so long as they keep respectable company. Pure stuff and nonsense ! What company was one of Finn and Co’s, stonemasons keeping some time ago when he was chivvied away from his work and into the lock-up? It was about as effectual a way as could be devised of telling the man that because of one false step he had forfeited his right henceforth to work honestly for his living. The Criminal Influx Statute seems to be one of those pernicious measures designed for keeping up a constant supply of wretches on whom whenever in want of a job the “foorce" (uni formed and plain) can conveniently lay hands, and keep their record up. Mr. Thomas Manallack has died at Bruns wick, aged 85. For the greater part of his life he was a hotel keeper, but for 50 years (extraordinary as it seems) was a total ab stainer. The patriarch wasn’t such an idiot as to heIp to consume his own stock ; he left that to his ignoramuses of customers. Says the obituary account in the Melbourne Evening Standard, from which l am quoting:- “He was never more prone to take umbrage than when requested to ‘have a drink.’ " After this we needn’t be surprised to hear some day that Matthew Burnett has opened an ale-house in Yorkshire, and never gets wild except when some fool of a good-natured customer wants to give him a free drink. 