HERE' AND THERE. ,Go where you- will,and you :ill find the racing mania has cast it,'glamor over the inhabitants of the city and suburb-.. Enter a train .and the first Words your .hear are-I Stromboli could do it with his eyes bandaged."' Board the tram and' two people are bound to be exchanging confidences about the relative chances of Marvel, Sternchaser, Whimbrel or Clonard. Yet the bookmakers loudly complain that their business is dull, and that all the interest displayed by the public is nothing but talk. Well, not being a betting man since I backed a "dream horse" and saw it end second to last, I am inclined to inform the gentle public that scarcity of funds under the circumstances is about the best physic their pockets could take. There is something, though, about the Melbourne Cup geegees that the public might, with profit to themselves, investigate a small piece. I refer to the mystery surrounding Carbine's game leg. They will notice that the. veteran quadroped is not- even men tioned in the betting,' and thiat offers of £100 to an old hat about his chances being declined are retailed' religiously by the bookies. Now a young friend of mine, with more coin than sense probably, sent me five sovereigns on Monday morning to put on Carbine, and as I had to go-to town. I thought to oblige him. The first:.man of the pencil replied to mynquery :about .odds -" Oh! .I'ni: fullU,.up.;'Ite vsecondc offered to lay a pound's wortli at-14.to 1 ; the third asked me '" VWhen Icain down," when I asked for-40 to 1, and after visiting the principal shops I at last placed three pounds of the cash at 12 to 1. There is a true old saw .about a nod being as good as a wink- to a blind horse, and that it is hard to make eyes at a prettygirl through smoked glasses, but I never thought before that. a gentle public could be so easily gulled. The Carbine case. is very simple. First a sporting writer-in, the Herald discovered that the horse - had only three legs, and had'nt the ghost of a show to finish first in the Melbourn'e Cup. Secondly another writer, some weeks later, makes it 'known 'that the horse's veterinary 'surgeon considered he would go to the post more fit than ever before. Meanwhile he has dropped out of the betting in favor of his stable companion; but mark this now, "he still remained off the' scratching board." Thirdly,bookmakerstalk about laying hundreds to twoor three against his chance, and yet when you produce your money they are all either fully laid, or else they know a friend who. will part with a portion of some small wager made at fives or tens long before theleg incident. - Without suggesting anything that could be construed into libel, local sporties might take the wink to keep their weather eye: open, or they will feel in the end as if they had just awakened from a ." night nlare." Since giving my opinions- tbout Carbine's chances to win the Melbourne Cup, events have turned out just as predicted, for the old veteran has made a magical recovery- and will go to the post first favorite as of yore. While he has lain in blanket bay, the book makers appear to, have -carefullyj worked their figures, so that if he -wins it will be the finest haul:they-have made foryears.past.-; Vlen, Ithink, how the genitle public get bnthe string, it brings to memory the words of that harmony the United Ancient Order of Buffaloes used to warble in the Club Hotel lodge- room-" See how we bleed t!hepi, etc." Accerding to ..r COthbert :Roberh Blackett, Government analyst, ginger wine is not a temperance drink, s - it contains 10"46 of proof spirit, equial in strength and intoxicating stimulus to mild Colonial beer. This will necessi tate, probably, a fresh signing of the pledge. Mr Blackett says ginger wine is compiled from essence of lemon, tincture of vanilla, strawberry essence, yeast, etc., all asserted to be alcoholic ingredients. This-niakes the vendor liable to a fine of £25 or three months unless he holds a license under the Liquor Act. Well, it must be true after all that if one saw or-knew what was in the liquid he drank, he would die of thirst. David Christie Murray says in The Contemporary :--" The habit prevails amongst English fathers and guardians of sending out their incurable failures to the colonies. ' You shall -have one more chance, sir, and it will be the last. You shall have a hundred pounds and your passage to Australia. This is the last I shall do for you. Now go and never let me see your face again." So the whisky-bitten caurien goes out to MIclbourne, has an attack of delirium fremnens aboard the ship, finds his alcoholic allowance thence forward stopped by the doctor's orders, iiig'elshis- bridf hour oei the ]?|ock I o in6j . freetl : ~aabbif tile lars, cursing the colonies and all mnen and things colonial in a loud and masterful voice, to the great and natural con tentment of the people of the country, pawnslhis belongings bit by bit, loafs in searclh of the eleemosynary half crown or sixpence, and finalmly goes up country to - be loathed and- despised as Sa tender-foot, and to swell the statis tics of insanity and disease." Accord ing to yesterday's cablegrams the ~ame David Christie Murray has been idjudged bankrupt. It is a wonder to me that English fatlhers and guardians epared his life. 