PRAYER IN THE CHURCH OE EOME. The office of prayer in the Church of Home is distinguished in several impor tant particulars, by a marked diversity from the Scripture doctrine of nraver, and from: the general practice of the Catholic Church of Christ. ; ;1. The language used in peaxee and inothee acts oe beligious wobship.— Under the Old Testament dispensation, the language of prayer, aB in all other offices of divine worship, public or private, was.: at first, the Hebrew, the national language. During the captivity at Babylon, the Cbaldee gradually substitu ted the Hebrew, so that when the people that had returned to Jerusalem under Ezra and Nehemiah, (B. 0. 450,) assembled to hear the Law of Moses, which was read in Hebrew, Ezra translated as he read, that the people who knew only the Cbaldee, might understand what they heard. (Neh. viii: 1 — 8.) 2\. After this, (B. C. 277), the Old Testament was translated into Creek, for the use of the Jews at Alexandria and elsewhere, speaking that language. And wherever the Jews had a synagogue, its . seryiceB were conducted in the vernacular of the; several countries. . 3, During the time of our Lord, the Jews of Palestine used the Syriac language, in which, most assuredly, the services of the Synagogue and of. the Tern pie were conducted. In this language the Saviour spoke and taught and prayed, and; in the same language the Apostles at first preached and prayed. On the day of Pentecost, however the ApoBtles were, by miracle, endowed with the. ability to speak in all the tongues of the nations among which they were com missioned to preach the Q-ospel and plant the Christian Church. And it appears, that during the period of miracles, that wonderful gift was not confined to the Apostles, (1 Cor. xii : 10, 30). ; To regu late the exercise of this and other miraculous spiritual gifts the Apostle devotes three chapters of his firBt letter to the Corinthians, (1 Cor ch. xii, xiii, xiv). And the substance of his teaching is, that the public worship of the congre gation in order to be edifying to all must be in a language which all the people understand : and that when the service is otherwise conducted, the speaker and the hearers are mutually barbarians to each other. -i.4; But in opposition to the clear and conclusive divine authority of the Apostle, and in contrariety to the uniform practice of- the Catholic Church, the Church of Rome:conducts her chief service, the Mass, not in the vernacular of the several nations of men, but in Latin, a language, which, since the beginning of the seventh century, has been - an unknown tongue even in Italy, its native home. ; This use of Latin -in public worship, was: decreed by the Council of Trent, (SeBB. 23, Sept. 17, 1562), and in support of this disregard of Apostolic authority several reasons were assigned : 1. " The difficulty of procuring accurate trans lations, so as to preserve the true sense of the Church. 2. The inconvenience that would arise from priests being able to officiate only in one country. 3. The importance of preventing the mysteries of tbe: faith from becoming the subject of common conversation and discourse, lest general contempt or heresy should be promoted." ( Pallavicini ). r ;That is to say : " The mother of devotion andfMithe safeguard from heresy, is ignorance ! " But an Apostle has said : "Eaith cometh by hearing, and hearing ky the word of God," (Rom. x: 18,) (in a-language that can be understood by the hearer); xilit follows, therefore, that if the mass and? other superstitions of the Church of Rome, which are publicly and statedly conducted in an unknown tongue, were truly the Gospel of Christ, such services would; be not only barbaric, as ;to the ignorant congregation, but also a sin against the Holy Ghost whose office it is to take of the things of Christ (when they are understood), and show them to His people (John xvi., 15). It would seem to be artifice, appropriate only to the arch-enemy, to conceal the Gospel in an unknown tongue, lest its saving light should shine. into the hearts of . the hearers. (2 Cor. iv., 4). 5\. The object to whom peatee is to be addeessed. If there is one great doctrine which iB in accordance with sound and intelligent natural reason, and which more particularly distinguishes Divine Revelation, it is, that the Eternal Lord God, Jehovah, only is to be wor- shipped. The more thoughtful among the heathen rejected as absurd the popular polytheism. And the testimony of the inspired prophets from firsttolaBtis, " There is but one, only, the living and true God," the exclusive object of worship by angels and men, and :to whom only prayer is to be offered. God's promise is, " Call upon me in the day of trouble, I will deliver thee," (Psalm 1., 15). The Psalmist says, " O thou that hearest prayer, unto Thee shall all flesh come" (Psalm, lxv. : 2.). The Prophet Daniel says (Ch. ix. : 3) : " I set my face unto the Lord Gpd, to seek by prayer," etc. And for protection against the foes of Jerusalem, Nehemiah (Ch. iv. : 9) made prayer unto the God of Israel. To the same effect, our Lord said (Matt, iv : 10), " It is written," (Deut. vi. : 13), " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve. (Deut. vi. : 13). 6\. But in direct opposition to the uni versal teaching of the Scriptures, and in utter contrariety to the invariable practice of the whole Church of God in all ages, the Church of Rome has decreed (Coun. Trent, 1563), " That the saints who reign together with Christ offer their prayers to God for men ; that it is a good and useful thing suppliantly to invoke them, and to flee to their prayers, help and assistance." The same is taught in Romanist Catechisms and school books, and it is universally practised by Ro manists the world over. It is true, indeed, that the Papal Church teaches her children, "not to pray to the saints as the authors and givers of divine grace ; but only to solicit the saints in heaven to pray for them, in the same BenBe as St. Paul desired the faithful on earth to pray for him" (Declaration of Roman Catholic Bishops). Nevertheless, they are taught ' to offer their prayers to the Blessed Virgin, to their guardian angels, to their patrons, and to all the saints together," boman catholic school book. 7\. To this idolatrous worship of the Romanists, there are several insuperable objections. Eirst, it is unreasonable. Although the holy angels and glorified saints are far superior to men in the present life ; yet they are not possessed of those attributes which are essential in hearing and answering human prayer offered on this earth. They are not omnipresent; that is, while they are in heaven, they are not at the same time, and at once, in all places on earth, to hear the petitions of the widely dispersed multitudes that are constantly calling upon them. For example, since the Virgin Mary like all other creatures, can be only in one place at a time, what a mighty chorus of Ave Marias daily dieB out, unheard, upon " the desert air ! " As it was of old with the prophets of Baal, in their impotent cry, " O Baal, hear us : " so is it now, in the Roman idol worship of the saints, " there is no voice in reply, nor any that hears " (I Kings xviii : 26.) 8\. N either are saints and angels omniscient to know what may be the secret thoughts and desires of those whose petitions are mental and silent. All such prayers, therefore are but vain imaginations, known only to the deluded creature worshippers that conceive them, and to the infinite Searcher of hearts (Jer. xvii., 10), to whom they cannot be otherwise than an insult and an abomination. Much less are " patron saints " and " guardian angels " omnipotent, to grant all the requests of their base worshippers, even if those requests were always heard and perfectly known. True, indeed, the ostensible design of this invocation of the saints is " to procure their intercession with God and Christ, in behalf of the faithful on earth," yet other favours and blessings, such as aid and guidance in difficulties, protection from danger, success in enterprises, etc., are constantly besought from saints and angels — favors, which, it iB the exclusive prerogative of the Almighty Rather alone to grant, through the intercession of his well beloved Son, Jesus Christ, our only Mediator and Advocate. 9\. In the second place, were the saints and angels (the gods-protectors of the Romanists), possessed of the natural ability to hear and answer : the cries of their deluded suppliants, yet they are totally destitute of official authority to act as mediators between God and men. It is expressly declared, that, " there is one God and one Mediator between God and men, the Man Christ Jesus, who gave himself a ransom for all, to be testified in ' due time." ( 1 Tim'i iii., 5, 6) . And since the ground of the interces sion of Christ for men, as their Mediator and Advocate, is that He has, by His death upon the cross, expiated their sins ; it is manifest, that as neither saints nor angels have made any such atonement for sin they are totally incompetent to execute the office of intercessors for sinners. As attorneys for sinners, they have no standing at the bar of sovereign grace. If, therefore, this whole senseless business of saint worship were confined to that which is, indeed, the burden of its impotent cry : Ora pro nobis — Pray for us — still it would be a blasphemous insult to each person of the blessed Trinity ; because it dispenses with the influence of the Holy Spirit. The Spirit of Grace and supplications (Zach. xii,, 10), Because it vacates and declines the office work and ministry of the Son of God, the only mediator (Heb. xii., 24), substituting therefore the unauthorized and incom petent intercession of mere creatures. And because, in effect, it attempts to annul and set aside the divine decree which prohibits all approach to the Father, except through the merit and mediation of his eternal Son (John xiv., 6 ; who, for this identical purpose, lias been exalted to the right hand of the heavenly majesty, (Phil, ii., 9). In view of this testimony of the Scripture respecting the office of the one Mediator, how shall the thoughtful " saint worshipper," as he says his beads, evade the momentous question: "What shall I do then, with Jesus, which is called Christ?" Only Manoeuvring:. — After all the fuss about the alleged seizure of Mitylene by the British, it turns out that the fleet were practising naval tactics, and landed a few men at the place, hut the capture was a mere money-trick report. At the same time the thing was undoubtedly a " demonstration " of the power of Great: Britain to neutralize, whenever she finds it necessary, the opening of the Dardanelles to Russian warships. Pastor Allen.— We grieve to have to report the death, at the age of 67, of our right trusty brother, of whom it may well be said that he never feared the face of man. He was one of the few who represented, in these degenerated days, the Old Puritan spirit. He was an indefatigable opponent of the in fluence and pretensions of Romanism. He will be missed both in the pulpit and in the home, and among the brethren at large. Tlie Stokers of tbe Mildura. — The complaints of the stokers of the Mil- dura respecting alleged severity, bad lan guage, and extreme beat and discomfort, are being investigatsd in a fair and open manner, by which the sufferers have the opportunity of speaking out for themselves. At the best life in a stokehole in the Red Sea cannot be pleasantly cosy, especially in summer, and perhaps the initiation of the prickly heat may account for Borne bad language. The Illawarra Election. — The two members unseated. A new election to take place. In the Assembly, Mr. Suttor, as chairman of the Elections and Qualifica tions Committee, presented the following re port : — " The Committee of Elections and Qualifications duly appointed on July 16, 1891, to whom was referred, on July 29,1891, a petition from Alexander Spenoe Artis, against the return of John Barnes Nicholson and Andrew Lysaght, as members for the electoral district of Illawarra, have deter mined and do hereby declare the eleotion for the eleotoral district of Illawarra to have been wholly void. That the irregularities in the conduct of the said eleotion were due to errors of judgment on the part of Mr. Henry Strange Fry, the presiding officer at Bulli, and of Mr. Charles Frederick Smith, the re turning officer for the electoral district." The Orangemen have now a good opportunity to regain one of the two seats by plaoing a good Protestant in lieu of Lysaght, Romanist. Tbe Policeman and tlie Dean. — An application was made in Chambers yesterday by defendant for a change of venue from Goulburn to Yubb in the libel action Hobden v. O'Keefe. The partieB belong to Yass, and are Arthur Hob den, constable, and Patrick J. O'Keefe, Roman Catholic dean. The allegation is that de fendant made oertain statements implying that the plaintiff had falsified the Yass look up book by entering prisoners who professed no religion as Roman Oatholios, with the object of making it appear that the Roman Oatholios were . in a majority in the annual statistical criminal returns of the colony. Change of venue was aBked for on the grounds of convenience and economy, and that plaintiff had previously resided for Borne time at Goulburn and had relatives there. Plaintiff, however, averred that public feeling in Yass was in favour of defendant, who had resided there for a long time, and from his position was well known to all classes, whereas plaintiff had been there for a short period only, and occupied but a humble posi tion. His Honor said that considering ail the circumstances, including the f aotB that the statements complained of bad been made in the church, and that the local press had published certain letters, Yass would not be a proper place to try the case. The venue had originally been fixed at Goulbnrn and he saw no reason to alter it. Decision accordingly. Rome and the Public Schools In America. — The priests are every where seeking to get control of the publio schools. The Mayor of St. Paul, Minn., haB appointed a priest, the president of the Roman Oatholio Seminary, a member of the school board, and two priests have been- placed on the committee of the school board of New Haven, Conn., to prepare an order of religious services for the use of the publio schools. The result is what might be expected. The order of services contains prayers to the Virgin Mary, whioh Protestant children must repeat or leave the schools. The. Roman Catholio vote in many of the New England citieB is snch a potent factor in elections, that publio men who are ambitious do not hesitate to barter the rights and privileges of their chil dren for offloe. This is deplorable. But as this is a free country, Rome is making the most of its freedom to poison the minds of American children. If the American people like the teachings of Rome and prayers to the Virgin Mary for themselves and their chil dren, they can have them, as, we repeat, this is a free country and each one oan worship God or the Virgin as be pleases. But if the people who worship the Virgin could be taught how much better it is to worship God in spirit and in truth, tney would- not bother the Virgin with their petitions that she cannot answer, as she has not divine power, but they would go directly to Jobub, the Son of Mary, according to the flesh, and obtain from Him what their souls desire, for all power in heaven and on earth is His. The American people must awake, for there is danger ahead. Tbe Pope's Pulpit — A" Miracle! — A curious incident is told in a New York, paper, which describes the Oity of Cartagena, Central America. Once when pirates had raided the Spanish towns they un shipped and left behind a half dozen or so of packing-cases. The pirates took away the gold and silver vessels of the altar, the stores of doubloonB in the coffers of the merchants, but in those packing-oases they left behind a treasure of art. The pirates had gone. The tumult of a sacked and pillaged city had given place to calm. Slowly the people who were left drew around the mysterious pack- ing-oases left in the middle of the plaza. Far off the sentries on the walls could see the pirate sails disappearing to the northward. With trepidation and curiosity the people broke open the boxes, and then before the eyeB of thoBe village citizens appeared gleam ing and carved pieces of white marble, and, when they were put together, lo 1 the beautif al struoture which now illumines the sombre arches of the oathedral at Cartagena stood forth. It was a pulpit of Carrara marble. It had been sent by the Pope as a present to a church in Mexico, and the vessel whioh bore it had been captured by the pirates, and it had been left on tbe shores upon whioh they had descended for plunder and rapine. It was set up in the Cathedral of San Juan de Dios, and is there to this day. Wine for tbe Bishops.— Father McGlynn in an article in the New York Inde pendent, June 11, 1891, says " In regard to the recommendation of the Roman Catholic Council at Baltimore some years ago to the effect that Oatholios engaged in the liquor business should endeavour, as soon as possiole, to get out of it, eto., it would seem that it has but little effect. That the recommendation has had but little effeot is ovidenoed by the fact that everywhere, now, several years since the Council met, Oatholios, in fair proportion to their numbers at least, are engaged in the liquor business ; also, by the faot that the OatholicB who would be in.olined to go Into such an industry are not 1 kely to sacrifice their business interests for the mere advioe of the Bishops in Council ; all the more since the Bishops did not and could not truthfully teach that the business is in itself a sinful or unlawful one. It mutt be very obvious that if it be not sinful or unlawful to drink stimu lants, it cannot be sinful or unlawful for somebody else to sell the stimulants. Very probably their lordships, the Bishops, after composing their pastoral letter, enjoyed a glass or two of wine the same day at dinner. Some man must have sold that wine. It is hardly fair to make out the wholesale liquor dealer, or he who sells only in large parcels to families, essentially different from tho retail liquor seller." Tbe Editor of "Londoa; Punch." — A writer in Pearson's Weekly (England) is responsible for the following paragraph : — " How many people know, I wonder, that Mr. F. 0. Burnand (editor of Punch) wu3 for years in tbe Jesuit Convent; in Bayswater, and was even admitted to minor orders, tonsured, aud invested with cassock and biretta? I did not, for one, until I heard a friend recounting that to this day Mr. Bnrnand's mode of taking recreation after his week's work is to lie on his baok, pipe in mouth, and read the Tablet and Weekly Register. After the serious labour of ; editing Punch he finds recuperation in thiB light literature. Tbe London Daily News says " Lady Aberdeen's beautiful little shop in Motoomb- street (between Belgrave-square and Lo wndes« square) hae not taken long, writes a corres pondent, to make a oharaoter for itself. Every post brings both applications from Irish workers for permission to forward the fruits ; of their industry, and packages of 'various dimensions . from those to whom permission has already, been granted. The demand for Irish needlework, plain and fancy, is certainly oh the increase." r A Defender of the Holy Coat. -r-A, responsible defender of that venerable r'elicj the " Sacred Coat at Treves " (says the Southern Cross), has at length appeared, the Rev._ Father Ieaec Moore having given a lec ture in defence of its genuineness to an audi ence which filled the chapel-room at St. Patrick's College. The lecturer endeavoured to e how the "potentiality of relice," and to prove that a belief in them was sanctioned by the Bible itself. In support of this con tention two curiouB " proofs " are given. St. Ignatius and Polycarp are next invoked, and we are further told that the "Council of Trent laid it down, as a dogma, in view of all the instances which had been recorded in suppcrt of miracles, that relics should be honoured." The lecturer then related how, in the>fourth century, the Empress Helena found three crosses buried at the place where it was thought most likely our Saviour was crucified, and how all uncertainty as to lohtch of the three was the True CrosB was eet at rest by a miracle. During this same expedi- ticnthe "reamless coat'.' yvas " discovered." In his peroration the lecturer, with a canticn that did him credit, was careful to explain that the "Catholic Church did not lay it down as a dogma that this coat was the real one that Christ were. It was only com manded by the ChBrch that all true relics should be reverenced. He would, however, be thought, be a very raBh mBn who would, on the evidence- which was before him, take upon himself to deny that the coat was Christ's. Perhaps the tendency of these pilgrimages for good might be doubted by some people, but he could give his own per sonal testimony that they were productive, of a great amount of intense devotion, and reli gious earnestness." After this, intelligent Reman Catholics may once more , breathe freely. The Church, by one of itB subordi nate com ts, has,, declared the "Coat" to be genuine, and the) Bishop of, Ti'eves has sdcmnly exhorted, its, adoration ; but this is not yet spdteq, ex cathecra,' ub a, dogma ! It is, therefore, open to doubt without imperil ling the salvation of the soul ! Nevertheless, the Faithful are earnestly exhorted to " adore the Sacred ;Coat," and i Seringa are. not're- fefueed; Ingenious Borne ! when will thy silly dupes have eyes to see through thy clever tricks and frauds ? Tlie Londcn Daily Chronicle eays : — " It is often assumed that the Catholic Church is gaining enormontly in the "United States. It ia very large there, and is growing no doubt, but its growth is not iB proportion to tbo influx of Catholic immigrants. Such is the statement made in the memorial jnat pro, sen'ed by Heir Cahensley to Cardinal Bam- polla with respect particularly to German Catholics in Am erics. Ca'oulatiens baeed on the heat statistics go to show that the Catholic population of the United Slates ought to bo 26,COO,OCO. But the acluEl population of Catholics scarcely exceeds 10 000,000. Ac cording to Herr Cahenrley, who pleads for more German Catholic Bishopp, the causes of the great deficiency are the lack of protection to emigrants, inadequacy in the number of priests, the pecuniary sacrifices exacted of the faithful, the public Echcols, the insufficiency of Catholic societies for mutual aid, and the want of reprefentatives of different nation alities on the Episcopate. English Grog Bill. — The drink bill for England last, yetr totalled 139i mil lions sterling, an increase considerably more than 7 millions over that of the previous year. This means that every person in the United Kingdom drank £3 13p, while every family ol five peistns ccntumtd £18 5s. It aleo means one-fifth of the National Debt, and equals about 4J times the amount of money deposited by the thrifty in all the Savings Banks in the land. It means 44 times more than all the passengers who travelled by rail paid the companies, and 34 times more than it costs to carry the goods traffic over the various lines for the year. It is 8 times more than the income of all the Christian churches, and it is larger than the bill for any year ex cept 1878, when it reached the stupondoua sum of 142 millions of pounds. Our own account iB quite a tidy ona, too ; in fact it would seem thBt the eoleny is about to follow the example of a certain Sydney Clnb, and , drink itself ont of debt as eoou as possible. Imprisonment in Convents. — Sister Barbara Ubrjfe, wbo won the' inno cent cause of the Cracow riots of July, 1869, has just died in an insane asylum in that city. Sister Barbara, who belonged to a . noble family, waa a Carmelite nun, and, soon after entering the Cracow convent, ceased all com munications with her relations. One of ber brothers, many yearB afterwards, tried to per- snade the religious authorities to tell him what had become of his sister, and was given to understand that " her name had been struck from the list of the living." He thereupon secured the aesistanoe or the Bis hop of- Cracow, the Bt. Bev. Galeoki, who, Burrounded by police officials, effected an en trance into the convent. After a long search they discovered SiBter Barbara in a cell ten feet nnder the ground. She was almost nuked, -®hd -had.; the appearance of a wild- creature. The. .poor woman was insane, and, in -conse quence of her terrible incarceration, had lost the power of speech and the use of her lower limbs. : Bishop Galccki punished the mother superior and the father confessor in the name pf the Pope, and had the sister removed to an insane; asylum. She was, at the time, fifty- two yeais of ago, and had spent twenty-one jpears in'the cell for some act of indiscretion, -.he people of Cracow, upon hearing the r. ' - story, collected, in the streets and threatened to burn down aH convents and Jesuit houses. The military was called out, and the riots whiah ensned lasted, for several days, many citizens and eoldiers being killed or wounded. C nrvp.annnrffinr/i Pnria flnlinnnnr — . New York Observer , .Tune 18, 1891. IHC Hoiy co9i oji JI reves# — The Berlin correspondent of the Lor don Standard, Jnly 23, says : — "As many as 1300 citizens have already petitioned the Town Conncil for licenses to eet up temporary beer saloons and pnblic- houees for the accommo dation of the pilgrims during the period of the exhibition of the saored garment." Highly spiritual. In the year 1810 Napoleon the First assen ted to the coat being shown publicly ftr the second time, but in giving his eanclion he added that " the woiking of miracles " was to be forbidden on that occasion. The last time it was exhibited was in 1844, and on (hat occasion the mantle was reputed to have per formed numereus wonders in restoring sick people to health. Thie exhibition will be only the fourth time it will have been shown in the past, three centuries. The Holy "Well.— On July 23, a young man, 8ged 27, whose name has not been ascertained, was drowned in St. Bridget's Well, near the Cliffs of Moher, whither he had gene to give " hie rounds " at the well in the hope of getting cursd of paralysis of the left side. It is supposed that in stooping to drink some of the water be overbalanced him self, and, falling into the well, was nnable to extricate himself owing to physical infirmity. But why did not St. Bridget save him ? Extermination of Heretics. — In the Eighth Report of the Commissioners of Irish Education Enquiry, pp. 449-50, a return is given, furnished by Dr. Crotty, former President of! Maynootb, of the books ussd by the students. Amongst there works Moldonatub's Commentary on Matthew xiii, 29, states "Therefore tbey who deny that herelics are to be put to death, ought much rather to deny that murderers ought to be put to death," and the attention of tho students is specially directed to this passage in their ilass books. In Dens Theology, St. Thomas Aquinas, another class book, is quoted as effirtning that "Heretics aro justly punished with death." Cabaantius, the c'ass hook on Canon Law, recites also, as the Canon Law of the Church of Rome, the celebrated third Cancn of the IVth Council of Lateran, which declares : — "Let the secnlar powers be admonished, and, if necersasy, let them be compelled by ecclesiastical censures, that as they desire to be reputed and counted faithful, they publicly take sn oath for the defence of the faith ; tbBt in sincerity, to the utmost of 1 heir strength, they will apply themselves to exterminate all heretics denounced by the Church. . . But if the temporal lord, having been required and warned by the Church, shall have negleeted to purge his land from thiu heretical foulness, let bim be bound with the chain of excommunication by the metropolitan and other cemprovincial bishops ; and if he shall have despised to make satisfaction within a year, let this be signified to the supreme Pontiff, that he (the Pope) may pronounce the vassals (or subjects) thenceforward absolved from their allegiance, and may expose hin land to be seized by the Catholics, who shall possess it without any contradiction, the heretics being exterminated, and shall preserve it in purity and faitb." — Decretals of Gregory, Devoti. Jus. Qanynicum vol. i. 379, Romce, 1873. Irish Emigration.— The New York Catholic Review states that a Washington authority gives the following interesting fignreB concerning immigration : — The arrivals of each nationality duiing the entire period from 1820 to 1890 : Germany, 4 551,719 ; Ireland, 3.501,683 ; England, 6,460,054 ; British Noith America possessions, 1,029,083 ; Norway and Sweden, 943,330 ; Austria-Hun gary, 464,435 ; Italy, 414,513 ; France, 370,162 ; Rossis and Poland. 356 353 ; Scot- land, 329.192 ; China; 293,578 ; Switzerland; 174 333 ; Denmark, 146,237 ; all other countries, 606, C06. The year of the largest immigration was that which ended on Jnne 30th, 1882, when the arrivals were 788,992.. The immigration from Italy to the Unit"d States was 12 401 for the fiscal year 1881, and Rteadily increased unt'l 1890, when it was 52,003, and the present year, ending June 30, 1891, when the total for ten months has reached 51,153 as against 34,310 for the cor responding months of 1890. The im'miera- tion from Hungary amounted in 1881 to 6826, at d in 1890 to 22,062. The figures for ten months of the present year are 22.496. lbe immigration from Russia and Poland also shows a rapid increase, from 10,655 in 1881 to 46,671 in 1890, and 53,350 for the ten months of tbe present year. Some thousands of those classed as English were undoubtedly Irish, or of Irish descent. The Italians are in earnest in leaving their native land, judging from tho rapid increase in the number of im migrants. 