SUMMARY. Ceylon is free from small-pox. Marriokvillo post-offico opened. Colonial- stecks generally nvo weak. A suburban nldorninn still messing. Parliament to meet four weeks hence. Tho town of Bnrcaldino (Q.) is flooded. Heavy rnin has fallen throughout tiie colony. "Federation is as dead as Julius Ciesar," says Sir John Robertson. New South Wales can't pay its way because it can't borrow. Such is Free-trado logic. Votes of confidence in Frco-trado uiei-bors aro now carried by minorities, fico Moles- worth's meeting. Tho Treasury lias .('25 for park improve ments in New South Wales. £S5,000 is wanted. Hon. Bruce Smith has been excluded from tlio will of liis Into fathor, Win. Howard Smith! Tho Government railway policy has boon under consideration by tlio Cnbinet. Tho manipulation of the receipts should bo tnkon m hand Sir Henry Parkes goes to Melbourno on Saturday. Federation appears to bo all at sea. Harry Riekards and Dr. Bovan, D.D., left by the Alameda yesterday. The bridge over Goorgo's River at Liver pool is to be erected at the Scott-streot site. British steamer fusilladed by Portuguese convoy. "Tommy Atkins" revolting at Gosport Barracks. Moro tyranny. Eastern suburbs' councils want ono vote for eacli tenant. Alderman Dillon, of Paddington, will havo those Chilian: ens gardens reclaimed or bust. Pittsburg miners dynamiting and exploding bombs in tho town. Parnell denounces'tho seceders for opposing tlio Irish Land Purchase Bill. Prince Bismarck to bo given another chance of election to tlio Reichstag. The Victorian Government has not yet been reconstructed. Mr. Sydney Burdekin was entertained at lunoheon by tho Mayor of Adelaide yester day. " For God's-sake ! " said tho officials in the Works Department to-the Mayor of Padding ton. " don't come hero with your deputations; they will do no good." Paddington aldermen will have to pay. for having their .names handed down to posterity in marble. A certain alderman of Paddington should wash his family linen at homo, not at tho Council Chambers. "You'ro a liar!" Aldermanic courtesy at Paddington after tlio meeting last night. Mr. Mol-esworth, M.L.A., was accorded a vote of confidence by tho minority of a meet ing last night. A fellow-alderman says that Alderman George, of Paddington, lias wood-blocking on the bend. Rather suggestive. "If wo sit hero till midnight every meeting well have to provide refreshments,'' said Alderman .-Tones at Paddington, and a musical murmur of approval was wafted from the press tablo. Messrs. Molesworth, Walker and Gormiy, M.'sL.A., have told their constituents that they caiuiot accept the Convention Bill. The Congregational Union of Now South Wales is meeting in West Maitland. The fanners and residents of the Clarence gave Messrs. John Sco and Co. a compli mentary picnic yesterday. The Roman Catholic Bishop of Goulburn, who is to visit Europe, will be presented with an address before lie leaves. The schooner Eliza Allen is still on the rocks at the breakwater near Ballinn. Toohey's Sparkling Amber Alo for allaying thirst. Look out for tiie label on tlio hotel. The Governor is to open the Masonio Hall at Newcastle on April 30, and on May 1 ho will be entertained by the citizens. Diphtheria is increasing at Bourko. The school should bo closed. Tho fact of thero being £25 with which to make £85.01)0 wortli of improvements in public parks shows that the finances of New South Wales must be in a healthy condition. Seven of the unionists who induced the freo laborers to leave their work at C'oreena will have three months in Roekhampton Gaol to think over the matter. Soventenn unionists charged at Barealdine with conspiracy have been sent to Roolc- liampton for trial. Tho arbitrators in tlio big Victorian scandal ease of Andrew Rowan v. Horsfall havo found for the plaintiff, assessing damages at £o0, and have dismissed' the counter claim, the cost to be equally divided. Boers about to establish a republio in Mashonaland. They'll hav;e ' more smashing than mashing. Randolph Churchill jias gono to Mash-on-a- land, but he says itisdn the interests of the public. J he late William Howard Smith , left £137,153. ' British . New' Guiiiea is reported by tlio Administrator to be in a' very orderly Jcondi- tion. ' ' Soutli Australian': 4 per cent, stock! gono down 1 per cent. Mi'. Bruce Smith, Minister for Works, di as boon disinherited under his late fatlior'ffwfll. Judge Stephen, tlio- cranky justice of Eng-i land, has retired, andllias been made a baronet. There are some judges outside England who should also be made baronets. A child wis deserted in one of 'the Rose Bay 'buses last night, I ho Marine Board has found'' no reason for blaming tiie mipter of the kotoh Barrangary for the loss .of his vessel at Port Macquarie on April 4. An address of congratulation to the Bishop of Lincoln. on tho outcome of his trial is to bo sent from Sydney. 1: lie women graduates and undorgraduates of the Sydney Univ'ertity want to have Miss trurney elected one , of the councillors of tho Women's College. Attend the Grocers' picnic to-morrow (Wed nesday) atCorrey'siGardensnimmense attrac tions. Mr. Bruce Smith has been left a brass farthing by tho -will of his much-respeoted father, the late Qaptain Howard Smith. The Walla / Walla farmers object to Socinlism. ' Mr. Bruce Smith's father ,diod worth £137,155. ,. . T" Sir John R.obortson is raking up tho ghost oi Julius Cfisar to scaro tlio Fodoration fad. A suburban mayor on being told that tlio inspector ol" nuisances was absent remarked : " 1 am neror sicic, and why should lie be." Tho worthty councillor perhaps is tlio possessor of olfactory organs of guaranteed quality. The LUIiic Bridge handicap advertised for last niglit has been postponed until to morrow might. Nominations for tho 200 Yards Handicap oi the Garringtan Grounds proprietary close to-night. Tlio Grocers' picnic at Corroy's Gardens to- morrow(Wednesday). Steamers leave No. 4 jetty, Circular Quay, from 9.30 till 1 p.m. Tho best appointed dining-rooms in the city aro on tlio first floor over Waiby's Hotol, King and Pitt streets. Largo dining- liall, Is. Pri vate dining-room, Is. (id. Open on Sundays. "Dublin Fraemnn," "United Ireland," "Irish Catholic," " Catholic Times," etc. Finn Bros. and Co., DilOGeorge-st. (nrBathurst-st.). Braemar — :D0 acres. Rush's Platform, Southern Line. The great summer health ro- sort and sanitarium. Attend salo on Satur day, April 25, mid select sites for summer residences. Eight miles nearer Sydney than Bowral. Railway platform on estate. 2000ft. elevation. Special train. Itoturn tickets, 2s. lid. Luncheon provided. ' Easy terms. Auctioneers, Brodie and Watkin, 108 Pitt- street. Artificial tooth. Highest awards. Painless. Moderate. Marshall, dentist, 109 Liverpool-st. Adam Bode, tlitroriginnl promoter. " Birth day." May 25, 1891. 10,000 at 10. Address, Adam Bede, care of H. N. Abbott, Post-office- Chambers, Sydney, N.S.W. Wiienvour watches, clocks or jewellery want repairing try R. B. Smith, 16 Oxford-sc. Tattersall's Monster C'asli Consultation on tho Birthday Cup, run 25th May. 50,000 at 10\. Address 'l'attorsall, core of G. Adams, Pitt-street. 'Tattersall's aro tlio only genuinely successful consultations in the colonies. 