Presbyterian General Assembly. The sittings of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Queensland met ill the Wickbntn-Lurraeu Church, Brisbane, on Thursday ovening Inst, Rev. Dr. A. Hay. liockliauiploii, moderator. After tha custo mary opening exercises the Assembly wan constituted in the usual way, in im'semc of a fair attendance of the delegates, and a modcrately-sizud congregation. the .moderator's address. Tho subject of the moderalor's opening address was " The Presbyterian Church ami its Mission iu the Colonics." Dr. llay, at the outset, thanked tlie A ..emubiy for liis election as moderator, the value of whioh houur w vs greatly oulu'-nc.-d by tho Let time the sitting.: of the Assembly were to lie immediately followed by ihose of the lit-dora! Assembly of the Presbyterian Churches of A ud .(uiin and '.'Vr, mania, and that lie would to ena'dou to aLremi licit Assembly as modern fur. Proceeding to deai with tlio subject of his addre,.s, Dr. llay said that tho word Preshyterianism duuoted nothing moro than the Govern ment of the Church by presbyters or elders, "tho 0110 of tho only two orders of ch- ireli ollicers mo'dioned ill tile New Testament. Hut around this primary and proper moaning Dure had lieeomo o.ua'iisteu a number of secondary idois which hud no real or vital connection with, it, and some of which wero altogether false aud mislead ing. Looking first at the p -sittv features of Presbytorianism, its ground principle was the universal pri.Et.hood of believer:; In the Gluu'oh of Christ there was nu exclusively sacrerl oastoor order — every member of it had tlio clmr'or of rank and privilege in III ) in spired words "A'o are a royal priesthood.' Tho Church of the Mew Testament knew no priest (nit cue, tlio Great iiig'u ih ie.;i, .'.ho had passed into tlio heavens, ft gave the humblest of true believers tho same rank and dignity under tho Divino Bead of tlie Church that it accorded to IU- most learned of its doctors and the most eloquent of its preachers. It (lis' ributed auieng ( lie wholo body of tho faithful the power,; and functions which tlio priests cf Rome and their imitators, tlio would-be priorlsof rilua- listio Anglicanism, hnrl arrogated to them selves. They followed but the inspired teach ing nf tlie New 'testament in this matter, nud therefore" the universal priest lmo 1 of believers wat the foundation principle of their PreMiyteriuni mi. A se.-eud f ai ure of Prosbyteriaiiis n foibrwed by logical n ressily — thai the ollieo bearers of the Church wen: representative of ho Church as a community. The OI111re.il of God was a spiritual cuaimon- weallli, and its piwora and dutiei were vested in the wind -. hnily of the faithful. In t.liis body there were diversities of gifts and oper it, ions, and division uf labor was the grand law of the Church us well as 1 f .a'culur life. Work was assigned lo the fittest, and honor conferred on the wortiiio-t. This representative government and adiuir.ist ra tion was tlio privilege of men who wore hern to liberty, equality nu.l fraternity. This hnftven-born triad found a home in tho Church of God, and il visible form in the polity of tho Presbyterian part of it. In these two ground principles thoy were at one with the. Congregational, tho Alntlu.dist and tho Hupti t Ciiurelios." If these Churches differed from the Presbyterian Church, it was not eo much in tho powers or functions or tank of their ollioc-liearers, as in the 'names which tli--y gave thorn, and it would require a somewhat powerful microscope to make distinctly visible any valid ground of separation between them mid the Presby terian Churoli on tho so ,re either of ohureh government or tlio doctrinos of saving faith. Oil tlieso two ground principles, however, thoy joined issue with the Episcopal Churches— Roman, Greek, ami Anglican. They joined issue witli them, nlso, on tire third characteristic of LT'osbyforianisiu— tho two-fold order of tlie ministry — tlio presbyters or elders, and the deacons. There was a fourth positive feature in Presbyterian polity that required not ice —tlio gradation of church courts, from tliu ICirk Session to tho General Assembly. I11 this system of courts, rising ono above another, tlio members of tho Church, whatever tho plr.ee or ollieo they tilled, had a guiiranteo of tlio vory lu'ghost character for tlio eujoynient cf their rights and liberties. " Iu the multitude of coun cillors there is wisdom," and Presbytorianism aimed at securing that those councillors should bu the best and wisest iu the Church. Tho humblest member of tlio iniiallost con gregation had the right to appeal from tho Session, tho Presbytery, or the Synod to the General Assembly, whore bis case would bu considered iu an atmosphere as olo'ar as might lie from party bias or bitterness, and lroui the warpings of personal or locul iuturests. J.Io admitted that Congrega tionalism on tlio one side and Episoopncy on the other bail their advnutxgos; but- thoy claimed oh u Church to occupy a golden mean, more consonant; witli 8uripture prin ciples and precedents, moro favorable to the oxereiso of liberty and tho maintenance of order, and certainly not less fitted to; call forth, combine, and concontirato tlio sympa thies and energies of the wholo body ef the Church in the work of its Divine Head. The name Prosbyturianism referred solely to tho government of tho Church by presbyters or elders, but it had also been idem i lied with other things which had no essential connec tion witli it. It was imidc a grave reproach against the Presbyterian Church that sho naught the Cnlviuistic theology, but if tlioy orrod in thnt thoy erred in g, od e impuny, tor tho Church of England, iu her 'T7tli nrtiolo of religion was as Ciilvinistic as-Cnlvin himself. But Presbytorianism and Calvinism worenoither identical nor co-ext- nsive. There were Presbyterians who vohemeiitly protested ngainaLprodcdtinalioii as caught in thu writing of Calvin aud the AYeatminster Confession, and thoro wore many strong Cal vinista who would in strongly object to bo lakuu for Presby terians. The Calvinietic creed of tbo Church 'of England had not suved her from having a prolutio government. Calvinism had keen strangely misrepresented; but u theology which Macuulay cuu.d describe us superior to all others in itn philosophical truth and symmetry, and which a Fronde could show to have been tho souroe of the slreugth of the groat Apost.'os and vindicators of our religious and civil liberties was not to bo sneered at by shallow sciolists or lo be oaBt aside as a superstition of the Dark Ages. (Applause.) Dr. Hay tlion showed that the idea about Prcsbyteriauism being opposed to ail that was pleasing anil tasteful in tho forms or aecousories of worship was altogether a mistaken ono, and tiiat abundant evidence - existed that a rude and barbarous simplicity or an unreasoniug rojootion of tbo more ex cellent ways followed by thqir neighbors had nothing whatever to do with the spirit of Presiiy torianism. (Applause.) They .held out tlie hand of fellowship to all who wore willing to grasp it ; thoy were willing to learn and lo adopt whatever of good they might find in U10 methods of their neighbors ; but thoy worn true to the traditions of tho Church of their fathers, which they believed lo have the true apostolic succession of holding and teaching apostolic doctrine, to I'oliuw 1111 order oi Government, based on apostolic principle, precept, and example, and to practice a worship of apostolio sim plicity. (A11piau.se.) Alluding to the mis sion of the Prcsbytorinn Ghiirch, he pointed out i.iiat the nupi-emu mission of all churches -the preaching ol' tlio Gosjiol— was tho H.au.8. The lhesbytcrian Church uluiiucd no monopoly in tlio pursuit of that mission ; lliey 'cordially recognised tlie devotion of others. Tho subscribed to tho oft-quoted words uf Augustine: "J11 essentials, unity ; in 11011-csscntials, liberty; in nil tilings, charity." If. they regai-dod tlioir system of Church government ns founded on Scriptural principles and patterns, it was inoumbent upon them to do their utmost to establish and extend i's influence in tlio colony. Tho mission of tho Ohureh was to enrry a reli gious mossag- to the world ; aud what was the message fur there days und for this land ? What was wanted was a sound, sober, manly Gosp 1 — n, sincerely devout, aud at the same time rational, form of religion, free on the one side of the eaut of ignorance, ami on tlie other sido from the uiumiuory of inedimval ritualism. It was a hard and an unpalatable fact' that religion and intelli gence seemed to be drifting apart from each other, which was due to manifold causes. Thoy must have, if their Church was to make good its claim to a place and a name in this colony , a pulpit abreast of the ago— a pulpit I'roui which there should not only go forth (he simple G-orpel of Jesus Christ for tho salvation of sinners, but which should also l-o able to grapple with the manifold forms of unbelief which were assailing especially the young 011 every Fide, Anything else would not avail if the pulpit did uot command the ear, the attention, tliu respect of tho e immunity, for the educational attainments, the iatolloetun! power, and above all, tlio personal character, refinement, and manly piety of the men who filled it. (Applause.) If tliry wero to discharge the duties which rested upon them aa a Church of Christ iu this oMony, thoy must seo that their pulpits were filled with men who preached the simple Gospel of salvaiii-n through Jesus Christ. (Applause.) On the motion cl the Rev. A. 0. Smith, ROaondO'l by the Rev. J. F. M'Swsinu, thu thanks of the' General Assembly of tho I'lvshylerian Clmrcli of Queensland were accorded to Dr : uy. 