PORTFOLIO. SWVHTSUNTIDE.-The holy Spirit is given to Christians for a still better and higlier purpose than to enable them to do mrati s??Iks7' VTliini''wni neatted-fori'"lie fieti preal:hing of Christianity, but it is not needed now. And yet the Holy Spirit is as niuch neededt no.ww as then, and St. Peter,'on "the'diiy ofPentecost, said" t the people, "Repent, and be' baptised every one of you, in thelname, of Jesus Christ, for the reniissiontof sins, and ye shall receivedthe gift of~the Holy Ghost. 'For the promise is unto you, and 'to your 'children, and to all that aire afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." So the promtise of the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, is to us as 'inulch as to 'them. And the best arid hihlt'et w'ork' of the Spirit is to sanctify, or make holy. We all need making holy. We all need the Holy Ghost to sanctify us And it is better to be holy, and to love God and man, than to do the greatest miracles ; and remember, it is the. Holy Spirit alon? that can shed abroad in our heart's either love, or any other.good thing . Now St. Paul says. "if any man hare not the Spirit of Christ,.he is none.of His."' And this is a fearful' saying;' because,:if iw' are not Christ's, we canntot, be saved, "fori there' is nontl other: namse tinder heaven given among men, whereby, we must be saved. " And sa, IfW'1e" havCB' riot the Spirit of Christ, that is that Holy 'Sikit"' which" "'ac~'dhilidl""ff?ni ithe Father and the Son," we-cannot besatSed.' And oh ! how.'fe. can say.that they hare' the Spirit of Christ ! St:John! says,; " Hereby we know that He (that is God) dwelleth in us, by the Spirit which -he hath given us." Can we say of most men that God is'dwelling in them, dnd that the fruit of the Spirit which He' gives them is the sign and proof that He :is dweilling' there? Nay, 'bhei"we loogFarothd 'u are not the chief marks we see, hot themsrksi of God's undwelling spirit;' but' the masrksd of carelessness, worldlioes, isloth', hard' heartedness, not, to, speak of, more, plain and open sins-wihich everywhereaboutiil 7 Where these.things are,-whlere any onet of these. things is,--,thareGod ,cannot-be, here Chrit S rest ,Wectfdhatas,-otvo LA, i..!,'.! 