ANOTHER “DREAM” BY OLTYE SCHREINER. “GOD'S LIGHT OX THE MOUN TAINS.” “ Ami Goil wiiil, T.ct them bo light. Anil there who liElit.” Ono by ono tho clouds lifted, and the denso drooping veils of mint wore slowly withdrawn. Tho great mountains became visible, clearlv defined against tho heavens’ ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow Jay frozen white upon them, and their cold high poaks seemed very far away. But one wido bar of luminous gold lightened their slopes towards tho east; and in that warm and tondor haze tho hard snow melted, and tho pu plo violets opened into bloom. Two dark figures of men advanced into tho light. They had climbed for many hours. They had seen the rudianco from afar, and now they entorod it together. They woro brothers in thoir common lot and creed, but wa they stopped into tho golden glory thoir brows grow hoavy with distrust and “ What doost thou boro?" said tho ono. “ The light is mine ! ” “Nay, fool,” said tho other, “thou liest— tho light is mice ! ” And tho ovil frown doonened on their faces, and thoy forgot their brothorhood and fought —fought with a morciloss blind fury forovery inch of that wondrous light that was not theirs; fought titl tho violets on tho turf sickoned and died in tho torrout of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow foil. And tho Shadow’s name wasDeath. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other’s grasp in fear, and covering thoir eyes thoy Sod swiftly; and tho Shadow wont with them. And their blood sank into tho cool, brown earth, and tho violets bloomod agaiu. And God’s Light lay still upon tho moun Two women camo into tho Light. Thoy woro great Queens, brow-bound with gold and burdened with ft weight of gems. With them thoy dragged a fainting feeblo creftturo liko a child with wings, an almost dying thing that wopt and wailed aloud and shuddered ns it camo. Benching tho Light, tho women unused and facod each othor. “ Looso thou thy hold of Love,” said tho one—“ for lo, wo have roaehed tho goal, and, by tho wondor of my beauty in tho Light, both Light and Lovo nro miuo." “O traitress!” cried tho other. “What bast thou to do with beauty where I am P I am tho mistress of tho world; lovo is my ser vant, light my heritage. Disputo no more, for lovo and light nro mine 1” And again tho shadow fell. Then those two rival Qucous grow palo and thin, and melted liko frail ghosts into tho darkness. But tho winged child remained alono wcop ing. And God’s Light lay softly on the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the Light. Baro-hcaded and with uplifted eyes, ho paused and looked and smiled. Ilia limbs wero very weary, his hands woro hard with unrewarded toil ; but, though bis face was palo and caroworn, it was beautiful. His lips parted in a sigh of rapturo. “ This istho Light!” ho said, “ My God, I thank Thco !” And tho winged Lovo, who wopt aloue, drew near to him and kissed his fcot. “0, who art thou?” it questioned him sobbingly. “ Who art thou that has toiled so far to find tho Light, and bast no word of envy on thy lips, but only peace and prniso?” And tho Stranger smiling, answered, “ I am known as tho Despised and Lonely. In all tho world I possess nothing—not oven a blessing. Alono I lmvo boon from tho first' Beginning—alono I must bo to tho last End. But I lmvo sought tho Light and found it, whoroforo I praiso tho Giver of tho Light who hath not suffered mo to bo dismayod. For I bear tho naino most hated among men —tho namo of Truth.” And again tho Shadow fell. Only it was no more a Shadow but a Brightness, brighten ing into tho Light itself. And tired Truth drank in tho goldon Glory, and grow strong. Lovo dried its childish toars, and afar off thoro was a sweet sound as of tho singing of angels. And God’s Light widened on tho mountains. [This poetical allegory is sent to us by a correspondent as having originally appeared in an old number of an African missionary magazine, now extinct. It was there un signed, but no ono who reads it (says our correspondent) oau doubt that it is correctly attributed ubovo. If not by Miss Sobroinor, it is cortainly a vory happy attorapt in tho snmo stylo.] Now regulations concerning tho nmrriago affairs of Siborian oxilos aro published in tho official journal of tho Governing Synod. Exiio to Siberia under ordinary circumstances entails tho dissolution of inarringo in tho event of tho innocout partnor not electing to go with tho guilty. The Synod now issues rules for tho regulation of marriagos in Siboria hotweon thoso whoso provious marriages havo been dissolved on thoir boing sentenced to exiio. It is tho policy now to concentrate sorious crimi nals ns much as possible in tho island of Sagh alien, in tho North Pacific, and to take away tho terrors of Siberian exiio by fostering colonies 