BIR BIUNRO ON THE FINANCIAL SITUATION: Mr Blrinro, in speaking at the Blayor of Mel. , bourrie's luncheon ou Monday, on the financial question, touched so subdued a key fbat it is; satisfactory to learu, from an ilitefview which ; we. (' Standard') had with hiifl, that he has very .briidit hoDes of theimiriedLite future. Tf. tliat." iflj adeDessing himself to the dulluess of trade, he described rather the humor of the people than any pressure which is put upon them to go slowly. _ The community, 3D Muuro sat« is weiiried with the excitement of land booms and strikes; and is taking a rest. - There is iplerity of; money in Blelbourae at the present time, but there is no demand for it to keep up jthe reputation of Blelbourne for enterprise, is (a banker, he knows that there is no lack ot irnoney. in banking coffersj but people just nok do not wish to be at the trouble of investing if, :and making it earn more than the rate of infered :ori overdrafts. So passive is the temper of people who are weary for -a season with tbe rapid pace of seekers .after fortuue, that the .Treasurer doiibts whether the floating of the :L3,000,0O0 ioaii on the London Blarket would make any difference all at once. The specula: live energies of Victoria are donnanc; the 'colony is expeiiehcing a fallow time which will 'prpdu'ep' good results in the future, but which cannot be abruptly shortened at the bidding if thejse'who yvoiild like tci see. greater activity pre-; .vail D . due season, however, Mr Nlunro"' is confident that . the colony will become enter- pllsing again upon a. sounder basis than before, for not only will the lessons of the folly of reck less schemes have been laid to heart, hut there .will bo greater development of national re sources. "While trade appears to he dull, re-, cuperation is going on, the community is living Within its income, and putting by money, so that the revival will bring with it greater resources 6f coili and fewer of the promissory-notes, which". made/a delusive appearance bf wealth, and. lured many a trusting, recipient to dis- aster-.: it ' j As to whether the Victorian loari is likely to be floated soon"; BD;Munro has nothing to say. The impression he;imparts is, how'ever, that we shall not have long to wait for the incoming «t Bnglish gold. He implies so much when lie is asked how long tlie banks will cheerfully carry on the public credit. The reply is to the effect that- the banks will be willing to give favours to the Government a good deal longer than they will he asked to do so, or even before the Accommodation already arranged for is ex hausted. There is now to the credit of the Government in the associated banks L650, 000 , of ; the million and a half which the banks : proffered and tlie Government accepted. The payment of this credit balance on tlie. Govern ment overdraft will not, the Treasflrct says, in commode the bauks iu the slightest degree, Indeed; they have such large reserves that we axe given to understand that the outlet for their spare cash is.rather acceptable than otherwise, seeing that the customer is so' good a one as the colony at large. Nevertheless, when the pro pitious moment arrives BIr Bluuro will bo'-w to float his loan, repay the banks, redeein his Treasury bills which were issued as security, and thus lay even the ghost of a charge against the Governnierit that the Treasury is depleting trade channels and causing dulness by draining the banks of bullion. Even now it would ap pear 'that he is ' in possession of advices wuicn tend to show that the loan will be announced before 'the month closes. Thisisnot Btatca in so many words, but conclusions to tlie contrary are" repelled with so much point and jsnipna?!3 that the inference is plain, especially in 'he case of so straightforward a statesman as Mr Bluuro, Who would np.var af-bfevo a Tiirmterlv success ID acting a part.- Standard.' 