CHAPTER. XLVIII.—Tout Towers Goes Ur for His Last Examination. It was about too middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumloy comutory; and in the windows of his house was a notice, “ To Lot.” No ono had niado any search for Keziah. She was missing, and Elworthy was missing. The facts Boomed to oxpluin themselvos. Tho house of ltimtnon was disgraced. Mr. Itimplor had boon ongagod by Mr. Itinmiou, and was now residing iu his house. Tho baby was thoro, too ; and Wilson had como to nursu him, at Mr. Itimmon’s request. Tho other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack, bit had loft no will, as is often the caso with those whoso business it is to make wills. During tho last few week Mrs. Himmon had aged visibly, and seemod so near broaking up that hor intir.n state formed a principal reason for Mr. Itimmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Riunnon's hair had grown vory groy, and he walked with a slower stop, with his! head bent forward, and his shoulders stooping. But whero was KoziahP It was growing dark ono evening when a ghoatof her former self—yes, a ghost ovon of hor changed self— outorod tho gate of Tho HoIIiob at Bowdon. Maud hud been watching at tho window and saw her approach, und flow to opou tho door. Ko/iah foil into her arms, crying hysterically, “I havo como, Maud, liko a; beggar, to beg shelter. 1 havo no prido loft I now, Maud.” ! Maud half carried, half led hor into her fnvourito sitting-room, cooing over hor and culling her her lost darling, hor own dariiug, ■ and her own Kizzj. Iu an incredibly short j timo refreshment was brought, and tho poor ! wanderor was fod aud warmed. Maud, flitting I hither and thither, swift m iu tho old days, | carried most of the things with hor own hands, and only tended, and foreboro to question her old friond. "When Ke^iah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upon hor breast, and sho foil asloep. Maud looked at her head. Where wero all tho short curls gone f Tho hair was shorn quite close to hor head. And her cheeks, how sunken they woro ! Maud had plucod her self so that tho head might rest against her, and caressed it tenderly with hor whito Augers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and re mained cramped in ono position for nearly two hours, rather than wako her darling. Thon Kouiah oponod her largo startled oyea, aud said pleadingly and quickly—“ Look, I will toll you something. Don’t send mo. out just yet. I have nowhoro to go to.” Thon sho recollectod herself, aud said, **Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I .was back in tho hospital again. Oh, Maud,” she criod, flingingher arms about her, friendjo neck,'** howglud l-am it is truo Xam Maud anawered oply by her carcases. Thon Keziah drow her head back, and looked into her frioud’s eyes iuquiringly, “Bo you know?1’ she naked. 41 Have you hoard]’* , 44DearestKizzy," replied Maud, “if I havo have hoard, and if X know, 1 do not reproach “Reproach mo'r” said Keziah, looking ruzzlod. 14 Well, yea, I did provoko him ; but I am repentant now, Maud; 1 will go back to hhn and beg hid forgiveness.” Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead V It seemed so. Sho had boon in a hospital, it appeared from her conversation, Sho might know nothing. “Kizzy,” sho said, taking tho worn faco between her hands—tho faco that had nothing to recomtnond it now but its pathos—” Kizzy, you will novorgo back to your husband,” Keziah started, not at tho words sho had I hoard? but at tho tone, Sho looked for more, and did not speak, “ Kizzy,” my own lovo, you are froo; your | husband is dead.” Kczinli iluug hcrsolf upon the couch, and sobbod hysterically. “ Oh, that I had boon a batter wife to him,” sho cried. “Oh. that I had been a hotter wifo to him. It might never j havo ended so,” And sho sobbed aloud, j Maud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hors, and wept with her. Sho was weeping because sho believed her friend had . “ Kizzy,” she said in her ear, “ at least if you did go away with him, you havo lelthim now.” ! Keziah ntartod up at tho words, and looked hor friend in tho face. “I—go away with him Maud! Who dares to nay itV” * Mauu only cried, “Thank God! it is not “ Truo, Maud!” said Keziah. “ No: I havo sunk low, but not so low ns that.” , “Oh,Kizzy. lovgivu mo for having believed it,** said Maud humbly. *• But you boo it looked bo much like it, that you nud ho should both disappear.” “Ho disappear!” exclaimed Koziah, aftrightcdly. “Is he notin Loamington thou?” “No ho has never been heard of since that night. Your brother Jubal came in hero and told rno all about it.” Ke/.iah looked very quiotlymto tho firo. And limn, as if suddenly recollecting, said, “ Wliero is your husband, Maud *r” “llois in London, Kizzy. being examined. \V o will not talk of him, if you don’t mind. And now, Kizzy, had not you hotter go to bed Y think you should talk any moro to ‘•But I must know one thing more. Of coilrsc. my baby has gone to father’s r“ “ Yes, and Wilson is thorn with it,” A beautiful umilo broko over Kozinh’s faco, as she heard this, and sho said coutontcdly, " Thou I think I will go to bed. Maud,” . It must have been about o’clock in tho morning, when both Maud and Ko/.iah uwoko with a start. They heard a fall and u terrible “ Wlmtover can it bo r” said Maud ; and rIio Hung on hor dressing-gown and wont out. But though sho searched tho house all through, sho found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of uuv kind to account for tho noise, Still tho sound had boon bo loud and of so Btartling a ehuractor, that noithor of them could sleop again, so thoy kept their light burning and talked. Keziah rolatod toherfriond how sho had wandered along tho roud to Wover* hainpton in tho night time, and thon how a break cuiuo, and flho could remember nothing until sho awoko in ouo of tlio wards of tho Wover Imtnpton Hospital; and sho was told she had had a fuver. When sho was well onougk to go out, they had given her tho raonoy thoy had found in hor clothes, uud sho had corao straight to Munchcstor. Then, ubout dawn, Keziah fell asleop again; and Maud romaiuod awake. • Tho sound she had hoard had boon oxactly iiko tho smashing of tho hall-lamp by something falling upon it. When daylight come, sho was glad imlovd to ond a night of wondering uml silence. Sko was dressing hcrsolf when a postman’s knock came to tho door. 4 How early tho post is this morning,” sho thought. . It was not a letter ; it was a tolegmm, Sho swayed and foil, crying, in a suffocating voico, “ My darling’s dead, ho’s dead.” Keziah, weak though sho was, gamed iier aido, picked up and road the telegram. Yos, ho was dead. Maud lost hor consciousness entirely. And whon at lost sho camo to hersolf, it was only to cry,44 Ho is dead! and now ho will nover loom to lovo mo again.” Sho became so ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. II© ordered what is always ordorod in such cases, and can never bo obtained—rost. And the day woroou. and Keziah and Maud wept in com pany.. Thor, wore hnlh.umTn.xcn "''V ... tion, and had gono to ms hotel, and right up to bis room, which was at the top. Anubyacci dont, it was bolievod, ho had fallon over tho hamsters from the top to tho bottom of that great building, smashiug the hall lamp by his Insido was a letter adfresaod in his hand writing to his wife. “Hoad it, Kizzy,” sho said, “for I cannot.” Kizzy oponed it and rend, with dUatod oyes and horror in her “ I havo piiHsod my examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, tuid shall ond it all to night. Shall I tell you why ? I can boar lifo no longer. It was I who committed tho murder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to havo (Hod nud novor told you. But you might hear of it oomo way. You would bear it boiler coining from me. Tim raonoy I havo had from you at different times 1ms been to purchase tho nilenco of a man who saw mo commit tho decod. 44 And now with luy last words I bog you to forgive mo, and to believe how well I have lovod you. Tho man will trouble you no more wheu I am gone. You will, 1 know, boliovo I did not mean to do it. And now I cntei^ on another world, whore wo ran}T yet moet if God pardons mo, as I am sure you will. “Your. HKAirrimoKBN Husuanp.” Keziah did not show this lottor to Miud for a day or two, not till a vordict bad boon given at tho inquest of “Accidental death, duo to over-excitement from oxamination.” Maud never saw his body, and never oven saw tho coffin. Sho folt it would havo killed her. Ho was buried in Manchester, iu tho comotory wliero she had so often walked. 