PORTFOLIO. The Father reveals Himself, not only generally in nature, and personally in Christ, but He comes individually to you and me in the loneliness of life. Elijah knew something of this loneliness when in the wilderness he stood amid-the rocky. fastnesses of Horeb, and, covering his face witll his mantle, pleaded, "And I, even I, only am left of the prophets of the Lord, and they seek.my life to take it. away." And it was then that God revealed Him self, not in wirlwind, or in fire, but in " the still, small voice." St. Paul knew something of this oIneliness, when for three years he withdrew to the Arabian wilderness, but it was then that he drew strength by communion: with God-a: strength which fitted him for, and carried him through, his life of suffering and en durance. . . Again how often does God reveal Himself in the silence of the night. How. many times have waiting. hearts proved the truth of this? Even-ias to the child Samuel of old came the voice, so still do the heavenly consolationd'come on the wings of quiet night to many a sufferer. Even as of old thle heavenly visitants brought the glad message of peace and goodwill to ' the shepherds who watched throughout the starry night, so still does God reveal Himself in a wono drous way to the weary hearts that watch' and wait for Him through the long dark; hours. Yes, and in the night of sorrow and'sadness; too, does He .manifet Him self, dispersing the darkshades with the: luory.of.his smile, glorifying even 'the deepest gloom of death with'the exceeding Brightness of His presence. And in the" noiseless, often unnoticed; working of His. Blessed Spirit is God to be found. We are so occupied with the noise and tumult. of daily life, so absorbed in the race for wealth, or the struggle for daily breads an active in .the war of politics,, civil and imperial, that too often wo ignore the silent work of God the Holy Ghost. .Let us take in more fully the teaching of this grand (4t(th) Psalm, and, amid; the:i shock- of conflicls;:, whether timporal or spirituiil, rest calmly, nay, triumphantly, on the glorious' truth, " The Lord of Hosts, is with us,' the God !of Jacob is our refuge."-!'Sermontpreached in tt Parsl. C'hOtrcd. .- "'.' 