CHECKMATED. '.'?? By Captain I/Esieasgb. .?-? ? a . .- : .. . n .,? ..-? . . The world' had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about town, a member of two West- end, clubs, aud of espensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle — the only living relative I iiad, excepting a balf -cousin— from whom hitherto I had rectdved a handsome, quarterly allowance ,\ and, as the phrase goe*, ! But. this was -not 'the worst of it. ? I* was desperately in love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between, us, I had fondly believed I was acceptable not. only to the young lady in question, but to her' parents. Now, however, to . add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively with out means, L fancied, rightly or. wrongly, that I was receiving the 'cold shoulder1' from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel . ''??'' To live and clothe auyself decently, pay the somewhat heavy subscription to my two clubs j and keep up the aforementioned rather expen sive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year — the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming . nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve months' income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief be tween us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was as innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although parting' in. anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarreL John Mortimer, my half -cousin, 'was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; butsome fhow, although so near of an age, as well as being relative* and frequently meeting, we bad never taken kindly to each other. And now*T shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and deter that it should not be my fault if he were not brought to book. However, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, 1 determined to make a last effort to set matters right with my uucle. I had been accused of gambling — of having lost upwards of five hundred jpounds at cards at oae sitting — which was utterly false ; for whatever my failings, the curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found me at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel ling bag and a rug. The little market town where I alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfa -sting at the one decent hotel in the place. I elected to walk the distance, leaving my encumbrances in charge of the landlady, to whom I was well knowD. On the way, and especially when I arrived at the park, the unpleasant feeliug was strong upon nie that my uncle might decline to grant me the interview which I now sought. Like the generality of hot-tempered people, his passion was soon over ; and yet, whe:i disposed, lie could be as obstinate as most men, as his brother magistrates had proved on traay occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by oue of the old servants — a strange experience to me than to have to send in my name— that ' the squire ' would come to me in the library at once. * Whatever feeling of hope inight have been in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, aud there was a cold, contemptuous glance in bis blue eyes as they met mine which I had never seen before ' Have you no sense of shame left, Gerald Slortimer,' he eaid, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door behind him, ' that you have the effrontery to coma to this house? — you, who have disgraced the name you bear — dis- graced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his country — and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me ?' ' I fail to understand you. sir,' I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. ' If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try' ? 'Pshaw!' he interrupted. 'Honest men have gambled ; and in time I might have for given it, if you had stopped at that, and shown your regret for what had pissed. But you — you. a Mortimer — to stoop to forgery.' ' It is false,' I cried — ' false as the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against me, lies in his teeth !' ' Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds,' continued the squire ; ' for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name.' And, as he spoke, my uncle took from the breast of his shooting-jacket, a letter, from which, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. ' Examine that, sir,' he added, 'and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your own signature?' I could scarcely credit my own eyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uucle. 'Well, sir,' asked he, impatiently, 'what have you to say V ' That I have never seen this document be fore to-day,' I answered. ' What!'' he thundered. ' Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, which I know as well as I do my own J' *' I do deny it f' I added, passionately. 'The signature is so good an imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might de ceive even myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life.' I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed ; but, 3till, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, as will presently appear, there was some confirm atory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added : ' Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance !' ' Yes,' he replied, ' that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in due course to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with. I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should be taken up. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be insti tuted ; and the person in whose hands it was— a West-end money-lender — asserted that he discounted the bill for yon, and, further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to him. ' It is as false as the rest, sir,' I said, a few moments iater, when I had taken a. second glance at the forged bill. ' I know the man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no transactions with him — in fact, never spoke to him in my life.' ' You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer?' asked my uncle, after a pause. ' I do, sir,' I added, ' and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money lender.' 'You will stay here until to-morrow,'' said my uncle, looking at his watch. ' I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quietly.' ' If you please, no, sir,' I rejoined, deter minedly. 'The answering of an infamous . charge like this admits of no delay.' ' But you have been travelling all night, I expect,' added the squire, 'and require some rest, surely ?' The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven ia a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag and rug, aud catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before II o'clock found meat the office of the money lender who had held the forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he had received it from me. Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, and would not be at busi ness till the morrow. There was but one soli tary clerk in the office, a sharp-eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, aud, as it occurred to me, as though I was not unknown to him : and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender's office I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Bow was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. I had been leaning over the tailings for some time, but happened to tarn round at the moment a cainage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were seated my adorable Mabel and her father, and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my affection gave me a ?littiebow and a half- frightened smile; but, to my disgust and'Hoger, the gentleman vouch safed not the Jiglitaat acknowledgment to my salutation. . ; Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of , liis daughter, my pretensions h&d; not been ignored, and that for two seasons I ,had been k -welcome vfetto'r to hi§ -housejlthis^ti^Tit was, to'say the least of it, offensive, i However, I was only being taught the difference between an heii--presulnptive to much wealth-.-and ,» young man with two .hundred pounds a year.- ,-: : The foUowingday-ivas to hayejanotlfer odd experience of life, but of a far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the most unparal leled impudence and audacity . that.suxebjhinan ever encountered. About the same hoiuvas on, the previous morning I once more called -at the o3i.ee oi the money-lender,., Mil discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced as to name. He . was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received me 'with ' a very cool nod. 'When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer,-' I eaid, 'you will guess the object of. my visit.' ' There is no occasion to give me your name,' was the cool rejoinder, 'for I have too, much cause to remember it and you. It beats Ine, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the. assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bilL' : 'You. infamous scoundrel,' I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage, 'you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. ?' Go. on, iny friend,' retorted the fellow, with an insoteht ?augh. 'No,' I added, ' Ihave nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of tha law. You. have forged or connived at the forgery of both my uncle's signature and mine, and you shall suffer for it.' The scoundrellaughed defiantly as I walked out oc his room — a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this infamous den, my iirst idea, was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the 1-nn'ls 'f '!i- jolice authorities ; and I actually »vtu;; K-...1- i .stance towards -Charing Cross with TJiLtt inteution in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. He was a man my senior by only a year or two — for we had been school fellows — but oue upon whose good ofaeee and knowledge of the world I could, thoroughly rely. On reaching' Ms chambers in the Albany he re ceived me kindly. Then, when he had listened to my story, he said : ' A rascally business, Gerald, my boy, and I question if your first idea of goiug direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing you could have done. However, there will bo nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Dine with me to night, go with me to the opera, and then you shall have my decision before we part.' ' Agreed !' I answered ; and having gone home to dress I joined my friend later on. Over dinner he told me tha£ he had already come to the conclusion that I must see the I police, aud it was arranged that he should accompany me to Scotland Yard on the follow ing moruing. It was rather late when we got to Coven t Garden Theatre, but we were in time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed out the ballet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a, very full house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were ma'dng our way out, somebody pushed against me — rudely, as it seemed — and I turned to see who was the aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that the man standing nearest to me, and who musthave been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money-lender with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart^ for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, there was an insolent, aggravating sneer on Ms face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not. aud without a thought of where I was — that ladies were almost touching me on the other side — I struck him. Straight from the shoulder as ever it Trent in my life, my right fist caught him f ulliu the mouth, and he went down .with a el-ash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came between us, my friend seized me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. ' Gerald, my boy, what were you thinking about ?' said my companion when he had got me into the cab. ' In the names of peace and order, my dear fellow, what had the man done to you that you should knock him down like that?' ' Done to me !' I answered, hotly. ' It was the fellow we vere speaking of to-day— the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bill.' 'Oh, oh!'' ejaculated my friend, laughing softly; ''I understand it all now. Nevertheless, yoa would have been a. wiser man if you had kept ycur hands off him.' '''I could not help it,' I rejoined. 'He pushed against me as we were coming out, aud if you had seen the sneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done as 1 did if you had been in my place.'' 'Perhaps,' was the admission, ' but anyhow we must be before him in the morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves.' The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tike us to one of the two clubs of which I was a member, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going them. In the smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke room — a pale and affrighted look on his face — with the startling announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a moment or two met my eyes. Lying on one of the coucheB, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer, and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, and the inquest had bean held. The cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to having forged my name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. His accomplice, the money-lender, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggest the scheme for ruiningme. I telegraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived in town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found' at the office, but professed to know nothing, and his master,so far as . I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a large cheque upon bis bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previous after noon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uncle's favoar and to my old position as to ' expectations,'1 it is scarcely necessary for me to relate ; but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabei, and thereby became one of the most happy of mortals. — Weekly Budget. The present Pope (says the Fall Mall Gazelle) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leaves the Vatican at tunes, but he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew only by reputation. He has now given direc tions that the Borgia galleries be thrown open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite has been quite forgotten, and yet it was once the very residence, the actual living-rooms, of the Popes. Alexander VI. had them deco rated by Pinturicohio, who came down to paint them, stopping on his way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V. thought the apartments too sunk, and built the splendid pile on the north side of the Cortile of San Damaso, where he and his successors have ever since lodged. The old rooms were locked np, and put to occasional use, as for the accommo dation of cardinals during the Conclave, or even for the tables of the bussolanli during Holy Week. Pius TIL, indeed, collected some pictures and statues which were kept here, and one room was devoted to an armoury, the accoutrements of Julius. II., the warrior Pope, being the chief attraction. All these galleries will shortly be thrown open: and this will be the first step towards letting daylight into parts of the Vatican unknown even to the Popes themselves. - V 