A. lil ve» pool Ciliost Story. . " HATIHG} been concerned in a most remark- able and, altogether inexplicable adventure the other evening, which happened, to mei in Thomas -.Jane, Knotty Ash" (writes a corres- pondent' of the Liverpool Pott),**I" have been induced at the earliest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the following particulars of the same to the Liverpool public as being of more than ordinary inter- est:-I, was proceeding leisurely on. foot to Broadgreen ,(he , says) ¡wbenj'ori passing the church at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appearance " of ' its .graveyards;, The time, .would then bo shortly after midnight. The whole bürying-grpund ^ seemed h'aliye , and glistening^ with a thousand small blueish lights, whioh appeared to creep in and out of the different graves, as if the departed spirits' were taking a midnight ramble. I ' stood petrified, not knowing what to, make of. it,:nt tho same time experiencinga feelingof horror which suddenly took complete possession of me. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto' been- obscured by a moving panorama of passing "clouds came, - as, it would seem,'to my assistance, giving me for' a very, short" timé the benefit pf her compan-. ionsbip. And now appeared the most, start- ling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair to stand "on - end'with fright," a cold numbness of horror "paralysing-me'in every limb, for advancing up the road directly: opposite tome came a funeral train, the coffin borne along with measured tread, covered with animmense black pall, which fluttered up in the midnight wind. : ? "'! / , i : "At-first 1 thought I-must surely be' dreaming, and therefore pinched myself in. the. arm , to . ascertain if this really, was the! case. ? But no, I'certainly was not, for I dis- tinctly felt the.nip, and-was therefore satis- fied as ,to my wakefulness. 1 What could it' all mean ?' I asked-myself as the cortégé gradually] approached me^ and I.began to distinguish the general outline.of the bearers'. These appeared to he' elderly- men, and to have lived-jin ,ia;:by-gone- age. T AU- were dressed in the costume of the latter part of. the eighteenth century.' ' They wore tie wigs, and some -had swords, -as well as .'.walking sticks mounted with deaths' ;!heads. ? I. observed only ono really young man among the crowd: of followers, walking just behind the coffin. ? His; youth,1 in comparison with the' others,1 perhaps' made me take especial notice of him. Ho' was -dressed-:in' what appeared to be black'velvet, the whiteness of his ruffles standing out1 in marked contrast to the' sombre nature of-his general attire.1 : . Hé carried a sword, had . diamond buckles to his shoes, and wore;.his powdered hair id a queue. The face of .this youngman was deathly pale, as , were ' also. tho -fncoo of all. the,, others accompanying, him. f Instead , of .the proces- sion' advancing to the gate at which I stood; it turned .'suddenly 'and' "entered the burials ground by;the ene situatedja't a few yards'., distance. " As the. ceffin .was berné through this gate all- the 'bluei lights seemed .to rise from the' graves os'if to mèet'thé :córtege for the purpose of .escorting the body to i ts'last resting-place ; - tho awful lights'/ added .con- siderably, to the ghastliness of the scene as they floated,'over the coffin and heads of the mourners. ' Slowly the procession glided up the pathway,' passing the main entrance pf the church,-and;1 continuing ' its way in<-a straight line, finally disappeared at,the back of the edifice. " V^-wV ' ?'- ^'^n^ \v '.: I "-Where this;most"iextraordinaryI''funerai went to'or what became pf it, Tcannot tell ;' but-this ^much ¡I,distinctly averj'that coffin,' mourners,'and jlights-even the pale.flicker-; fag 'moonlight-Trail rdisappeared( a^mystéri-; bùsly:'-, as ..they'.came,' leaving me standing in the darkness, transfixed with. astonishment and '_iright.';^TJpprif-gatherm somewhat scatteredsen ses,yl- took "to - my heels and never stopped running till I found myself 'safe-in my; own"-house.'* In fact; I scarcely remember how l got home. After recovering a, little from the' shock I immedi- ately ,-.aroused; a female. relative, who, had retired for the.night, and related .to)her the above'particulars.- -'She- assured-' me'-that I must have been suffering from' mental hallu- cination, but seeirig^th'e. greatr;perturbation of, my mindj and: at the some time knowing my! : natural ¿ scepticism : with, regard , to -so called supernatural phenomena, she cathe to the em^j^^^ibifil^t^M, all, I might possibly, have' seen iwhat: hos been- described above! '" "" . ' i " The next day I made enquiries at the neighbourhood of Knotty Ash, and ascer- tained; from, a-^very ¿piel woman-rthat she remembered" a "story "in her youth having reference to the mysterious and sudden death .of .an old occupant, of. Thiugwall Hall, who -was -,haBtily';snd<:''cj'aië'fÎy:'- buried, she thought, at midnight,, in old Knotty Ash churchyard. ^ Ifsot was this a gbostly^eper ftitiSñiipfjthe event" igot^jup.;] for [myspecial benefit; br was it"a portent intended'to fore- shadow the coming of the Dread Visitor to myself ?.. Now, as I have before stated, I am no believer in ghosts, but certainly this very remarkable experience of mine has entirely upset' all my 'previously conceived notions ,.,of, the, subject, ^leaving,. mo in a quandary' of- doubt.'" On the evening upon which I saw the mysterious midnight funeral at Knotty Ash,! was exceedingly wide awake ; had met several Jcyclsts on the Prescott^ road, with whom I conversed, and had like- wise refreshed myself at the public drinking fountain placed at- tho top of the Thomas lane. Strange that a few hundred yards further down" the road I should encounter so ghostly an experience-an experience I shall never forget to my dying day." '" OBIOKBT FACTS.-Before the year 1776 only two stamps were used Instead of three, to which num- ber they were inorcased in that year. : Lady cricketers are not entirely a product of'modern civilisation. In 1801 a matoh for a Btake of COO guineas waa played by the ladieB of Hampshire against tho ladles of Surrey. Af tor a olose contest, whtah lasted three days, tho former team proved victorious. In tho first half of tho present century tall heaver hats, either black or white, were worn by the players In cricket matches. They muBthavo been extremely anoomfortablo in hot weather. In 1850 caps came into general uso. Summers, a ris- ing young Notts professional, was killed by a orioket ball in 1870. Thc highest recorded score for a single innings in England is that of the Orleans Olnb, in August, 1882, In a match against I nickling Green they pat together no less than 320 rons. Of this number 6. Ï1. Vernon, the Middle I sex amateur, aoored 35!), and G. B. Trevor 338. 