THE DXSSOIiUXXOCT. And there shall be no moro members of Parliament — for awhile ! So runs, or soon will run, the fatal edict dispersing to the four winds — rather in stormy mood, we fear, just now— the present Parliament, and bo run hon. mombera away, like parted ghosts, to the dim ohades whence, haply, many o£ them will never more emerge to the warm light of public day. There io alvray something ond about go sudden a taking-oil ; the swift change, from the bright, comfortable present — - ao in this case, £800 a year and possible 'pickings '-— to the dark unknown. The worst man, ib hao been oaid, dies too coon ifc' cut oft' uu annealed, without the chance either of re penting or retrieving his iniquitiep, and though in tho present case there may have been no very special iniquitieo —save sundry sins o£ oiniasion. for which the Grovernmont may well be the scapegoat — to ba repented of, and certainly small chance of any being retrieved, ifc cannot be said that there were uny special virtues about the late Parties - I menfe to make ita memory ' email ur/oet and blossom in the duefc.' Buofc to duot, however, it now is ; and noithes.1 tablet oi bronze nor of marble need bo asked for ito record. Hanoard nad tho account booko at the Treasury will ouffiee. It gave us mountains o£ legislative literature, and ifc gave uo Payment of MemberSj and in both caoeo the result may be sufficiently expressed in one word, and that the bitter word — dio» appointment. Ifc wao itself the result of one of the moot promising appeals to the country over made, raising a larger issue than usual, and giving, ifc was hoped, a sure opening for at least some hidden gems of political first water to leap to light and prove their rayo serene. Can it be honestly said to have done anything of the kind? Has there been discovered amongst that whole crowd of new aspirants to political fame one Saul amongst his brethren ? TsFo, the family likeness is too strong, the family inches are too level, to permit the possibility, except, physically, in our public life of Sauls. Ifc io the lamentable facfc that no one, whether the most sanguine oi? the least saturnine of political judges oi: men, can poinfc to a oingle instance of a new public reputation made — one might almost oay, of a- single promise given, not merely of the ' coming man' who is so very long in coming, but of a man at all above the common political standard, which, Heaven knows, though the recruiting were but for a parish vestry, is low enough. On the other hand, if there has been t r it * ? O ? 1»1 no ' sudden ma&mg; or great; names, has there not been a very considerable manu facture of very little ones ? It is Dot all sure gam, late and prospective hon. genfcle= men, the tacking Gn of those magie letters to your hitherto insignificant names, if one result of the process may be to make the said names more insignificant; than ever. Whatever els© the House may be, it is of men a wonderful finder»oufc. There most men Boon find their level, and none sooner thaa the bumptious, heaven-sent hon. gentle man who, coming to ' make a splash ' and set everything right, mostly ends by finding himself deep in the ditch of hopeless failure, all wrong. When ifc also happens to be conscious failure, the struggles of that man ere sometimes pitiful, as when it is not they are often ludicrous. That there have been cases of both these interesting kinds, not fco mention those of the purely obnoxious sort, in the late Parliament everyone mast admit, but do mortuis, fife, and shovelling the earth, as we now do, over the wrecked hopes and blighted promise of 00 many of our late hon. friends, we would fain it ohould be without a memory ot their failures or their faults, or, let us add, the slightest fear of their insurrection. But the future it ia too noon to attempt to forecast. The Government kept their counsel dark to the laefc moment, and even now all that is known is thafc we sre on the eve of probably one of the most desperate, hotly-contestod political battleo in the annals of our history. It is something to have brought so shifty an enemy to ' push of pike' at all, and having got him there ifc only remains now for the best; manhood and patriotism of the country to push ifc home. That can only be done by good generalship and strictest discipline. There should be no side-issue?, and all Gel* fioh personal ambitious or hankering after the public dollars should be as sternly repressed as mutiny in war. If the Protec tionist Party under Mr. Dibbo's leadership can manage all this, they not only ought to win thin battle, but muet, for it is quite cer tain that the enemy under the federation banner of Sir Henry Parkes cannot. 