the bed ghost dance. . (new york would, n'ovembdr 2.) The enako danco of tho Moqui Indians, tho strango sun dance of tho northern tribes, tho roar dance of tho lioatitos, and tho pcaco danco with which aorao tribes of moil ratify their treaties havo all been ucscribou. jliio woiru ghost danco with which tho Sioux and Shofl- ones are now celebrating what thoy boliovo to ho tho approach of tho Indian mflennium lias novor boon described, for tho reason pro bably that it has novor been witnessed by a whito man. And in tbo present fooling among tho poworful bands encamped hero and at Rosobud, us well as further to tlio west aud north, in Colorado nnd Montana, it is doubtful if any whito man known to havo seen a ghost dnnco would livo to talk or write much about it. For tho vory motive of tho ghost danco is tlio resurrection of all tho braves who havo gono to tho Great Spirit sinco tho whito man first sot foot on American soil and tbo extermination of tho whites. And tho powor to work out this tremondous consummation is to corno from tho wondorful Messiah, tho Rod Saviour, reported months ago to havo corao down from tbo happy hunting grounds and lighted ou tho top of a mountain peak in south-eastern Montana in tho wild country ou tho borders of tho National Park, . „ Thit much alarm is felt by tho whito men hereabouts who understand tho matter is shown by tho gravity with which iho situation is dia- cussod. The IndiaiiB, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, living in their cabins aud tepees, and pursuing their cus tomary loafing anu visits to tbo agency build ings, aot as though under a Bpell. Tho Indian agents themselves, who aro in tho main careful and oxporicnccd men out hero, look serious when nsked thoir viows of tho situation. Ex-Agout Charles P. Jordan, how licensed trador at Rosebud, looked troubled whon asked tlio nttitudo of Ognlnlla Sioux, into which baud ho married, aud in which ho holds tho rank of 44 White Chief." Ho said tho Indians woro his brothers and so wero tho whites, aud he hopod for peace. But ho did notquiot tho feare of my informant, who succoeded last oyoning in got ting a glimpse of a ghost dance in progress at tho big camp, several miles from this agcucy, whoro tho most fanatical apostles of tho now Messiah aro said to havo mado their uppoar- Tho situation at tho famous Standiug Rock Agency, where Sitting Bull lias been endea vouring to ruiso a revolt on tho strength of tho promised aid of tho New Messiah, is oven uioro seriouH than at either Rosebud or Pino Ridgo. Agent M'Laughliu has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report on tho general dis affection, showing tho alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bull aud Kicking Horse, tlio great Sioux prophet, are about oqually re sponsible for it. Thoy predict tho arrival of tho Rod Men's Millennium as not lutor than the growtli of tho now gruas in March, 1891. It ia said that Rod Cloud, tho ablest aud wisest of all tho Sioux cliiofs, revealed tho plot to M'Laughliu. Sitting Bull, who has long been incapacitated by illness from activo chieftain ship, has regained his strength, and is fero ciously desirous of a war agajnst tho " palo faces. Ho points to his warfiko feats 011 tho battlo-field of tho Littlo Big Horn, whoro Custer and his troop were exterminated, and has formed a band of 300 uvongors, mostly young bucks, whom ho has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of tho resto ration of tho Sioux nation to its supremacy iu tho North- west. His braves rely on his pro- miso that all tho dead Sioux will rise from their graves and that thoir numbers, with theso re inforcements, will bo amply sufficient to drivo out and " wipo out" tlio white man oven were thoy not to rocoivo direct supernatural aid, described later on in this letter, from tho Groat Spirit himsolf. Kicking Horao goos so far as to say that ho has mado a porsonal visit to tho happy hunting grounds through n. 44 hole in tho clouds," and that ho thoro behold untold thou sands of red warriors ull in war paint, armed with their lances and bows and arrows, and anointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodicB bullet proof should the whites daro to show tight. But Kicking Ilorao professes to boliovo that tlio whito man will bo so overawed by tho numbers of tho returning braves that thoy will retire without violence. ' Sitting Bull, who ronrcaonts tho irrecon- ' cilublcs, as Red Cloud does tho " progressive" Indians, is supposed to bo tho chiof whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead thu red men to victory. In tho wako of their trium phant progress tho grass will grow waist- high uud tbo prairies ho thick with buffalo audanto- lopo. Tho story that Sitting Bull has been uudor tho spiritualistic iufluence of a 44 Mrs. C. WeMon, oi Brooklyn," who came here to see him hi 1889, aud has had communication with' tho Groat Spirit through hor, is belioved to bo without foundation. Tlio ghost danco seoms to bo intended as a solemn notification to tho Indiau dead that thoy aro now needed on earth to help tlio remnant of their peoplo exterminate thu whites und seize their own again. It is abto a curemouial wclcomo, in anticipation of tho returning braves, nnd it is at tho same time a dirgo. Whether tho whito mon, who are all to die whon' the Messiuh makes his appuuruueu, nro mourned in advanco in tho dirgo movement of tho chaut which is part of thu ghost danco scorns hard to surmise. But tho wild strains, which my informant's half-breed instructor in thcso ghostly mysteries said foretold tho red men's final triumph, were, according to his de scription, certainly ferocious enough to satisfy tho wildest sousution-lover. Tho camp this friendly half-breed lad his white compnnion to spy upou is in a hollow surrounded by low bare hills. From summit to summit across tho valley would perhaps bo u milo. Tho waggons of tho braves — tuauy of thorn as /armors and freighters now havo their horses aud waggous— aro corralled in tho centre of tlio valloy. A frinso of tents skirts thu bordors of tho camp, anda score or so of paiutcd topees are tho lodging places of tho irreconcilable old squaws aud bucks, who havo novergivcu in to 44 progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working liko white peoplo. Tho oxen, bulls and cowb, pigs and chickens issued to theEe Indians by tho Government for breeding purposes — for in tho oyo of tho law most of them are farmers— havo been driven into tho valloy also, and are lariated or cooped on tho outskirts of tho camp, where thoy aro being killed aud oaten at a rapid rate. Tho atmosphere was dank und murky when, two nights ugo, my liaU-brccd friend sot out for tho cninp. Aftor tin hour's laborious walk, and aftor crossing a marshy plain, tho top of the hill to tho west of the camp was reached about 9 o'clock. Tho lights of the camp fires, on which tho evening meal had been cooked, were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly bo seen moving in and out among tho dnrkcmtig'ombcrs. About three hundred yards oast of thu foot of tho lull on which tho spies wero seated in a clump of stunted evergreens was au opon spaco, of an aero in extent, towards which tho squaws suemod now urging, now driving tho rest of tho baud. Around tho outer rim of this'opon spaco fires were kindled of wood that seemed to havo beeu smudged, us there wu3 littlo or no flamo, only a dull red glow and a profuso palo grey smoko, which, rising from all 6ides at ouce, formed d sort of canopy over tho sceno, through this cloud by fits and starts tho old squuws could bo seen forming the warriors in rows around tho eastern odgo of tho oxpanso, with tho younger bucks ana squaws in rows behind them. Tho warriors in tho front row wero kneeling, thu squaws behind tbom sit ting, and tho younger bucks standing behind them. Then tho old squaws retired to tbo western edgo of tho open ground, whore thoy wore screened from observation by the bush, and remained out of sight for about ten minutes. During this timo tho picture was wild and impressive in au unusual dogree. Seen by the smouldering light of tho tires built in a long oval about forty foot in front of tho line, tho warriors, with thoir women and children bo- hind them, knelt, or out and stood in absolute silence; Thoy woro all waiting— just what fnr tho half-urocd ou tho hill didn't know. When a tiro would burn up too bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it; a squaw would go and pull the fagots away from tho coals nnd subdue the flames. When the old squaws returned, thoy joined hands and knelt down to tho centre of tho open. Thoy began chanting what sounded at first liko a death song, but now uni agaiu swelled into savagely triumphant yolls. Tho smoko only started at intervals and while tho chant was going on, hut whilo tho strango scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands in a larger circlo around tho old squaws, began tho ghost dnnoe. Thefr chant was loss shrill than that started by tho squaws and was not so plainly hoard. A portion of it seeruod lamentation for their dead; then camo tho invocation to the deadtoariso and corns help their bretberen exterminate the white mon. Tho squaws had not boen observed to leayo tho circle they had formed, but as tho warriors' chant swelled into; what the' half -breed said was the invocation to the .departed Sioux to come buck to - oarth, the. old hags, .one by ouo, stole liko shadows under tbo ' linked arms of the braves, each with a burning stick in her shrivolled .hand, the. light from which foil with grey ghastliuose on her painted faco. This light for tho flrA timo mado visible to tbo watchers tho faces o tho braves thorn- solves, and it was now seen that they wore in f uli war paint. TUB IHO C1IIEV AND AOENT. Tho old women passed through tbo circle liko a procession of spectres, ouch carrying a tapor of grave- wax to light her unaccustomed feet over tho rough surfaco of tho valloy. At all ovouts that wqr what their wild poformnnco looked liko from tho hill-top, and boforo tho procossionhadmorothanhalf pnEBod through tbo oirclo tho smoko grew so thick aud tho clouds above tho valloy so dense that tho hulf-brocd spy doclared tho immodiate nocesaity of a return tothoAgouoy. Enough had been seen of tho ghoBt douce, which had then barely bo- gun, for report says it lasts woll into tho morning, and indeod till everybody connected with it is exhausted, to bring out clearly nt lenstono significant fact. And that was that tho bucks had war paint ou their faces. .. There is talk hero that tbo Mormons are on- Muraging tho Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho ludiaufl to look forward to tho extermi nation of tho soldiors, agonts, and nil tho whito men in authority— except tho Mormons— when tho Rod Saviour comos. That strango Indians who may liavo como from tho West, and may oven claim to havo been in tho iramodiato vicinity of tho now Messiah, liavo recently joined tho Sioux at theso agencies is indis. putablo. Thoy aro spoken of as anoBtlcs of tho now religion, nnd it is by their advico that tho Indians havo gathered into camps, givon up work of all kinds and gono to eating, praying, singing and dancing— until tho Millennium comes. ArOSTLES OF TItn NEW CREED. Tho oxcitemont began among thu S oux at tbo great council of tho Sioux nation, hold about tho middlo of September on Bad River, somo fifteen miles nbovo Pierre, S. Dnk. Whito mon wero oxcluded from tho council, just as thoy aro from tho ceremonies in tho camps in this vicinity, but a very woll informed gentleman, named \V. T. Tomkins, who has riddon in pursuance of li is business during tho past few weeks through u great deul of tho Sioux country, sajB that this fanatical mania which seems to havo luid hold of tho Dakota red man is thu direct result of tho ex- bortatious of tlio ludian emissaries from Mon tana, whoro tho Mcs9tnti was said first to havo boon scon lastspring. Who in tho East had supposod that this strango agitation about a Messiah hail reached such a pitch among tho Red mon that emissa ries woro actually despatched many hundreds of miles from ono tribo to another to urgo them to muko ready for tho appearance ot their "Ttedcoraor !" And who lias yet hoard this Indian Messiah's creed? Its main article ib tho belief that tho present surface of tho North American conti- tent will be covered thirty fcetdeep by a now stratum of soil, which shall bo inhabited by Indians only, and bo thick with gamo as were tho prairies beforo tho white mancamo. Boneatli this now stratum tho white roan aud bis cities and his railroads and his steamboats and his civilisation shall be buried, in tho Lwiukling of au oyo, and tho Now World shall bo as if it had novor known him, or at least as it wns 300 years ago. But thu Indians— and hero ib a strango thing— shall not bo whelmed in tlio goncrnl ruin. Thoy will bo endowed with a suncrnatural strength to wrestle with tho difficulties of tho occasion, and will squirm though tho new soil until, after much labour and many fears and lamentations, tho Rod mau shall at last struggle out to tho now surface of tho new earth whero thoy will find grass waist high and immonso hcrus of buffalo, antolopu, and wild horses rcudy at hand 1 There is somothing touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red innu must pass through his purgatory— tho now oarth stratum. No pale faco will evor bo permitted to mar tho serenity of theso Etysian Fields, nor will tho garao die out or bo driven away. Visions of thcso veritable Ilappy Hunting Grounds aro seen in tho ghoat dnnco by tho warriors, who spin around in a religious delirium until they fall in a tranco. Iu this trance tho ghosts of tho doad braves and <bparted chiofs aro said to como and tell them of tho now glories to crowu thu rod man. This by uomu is said to givo its nurno to tho danco. okneiul INDIAN IH3TUP.11ANCH9, Tho outbreak of tho Whito River Utes, who havo left tho reservation in Utah aud gono into Colorado to kill stock, is bolioved hero to bu part of a general uprising preliminary to tho appoaranco iu tho flesh ofiho ludian itressiah. It is known that tho Nez Forces near Mullen. Idaho, to tho number of -1U0, havo appeared in a band at that town nnd presented a formal do- mand that tho whites leavo tho country, "to which thoy havo no titlo." Thoso aro tho sumo Nez Forces who took part iu tho massacre of 1877\. Thoy tiro dissatisfied with their reserva tion utLa l'ivin, nnd uro said to threaten again to ovorrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. Tho oxcitemcnt among tho Choyonncf, Kiowas, and Comanchea is scarcely less. Cap tain Trimbtcton, of tho Seventh United States Cavalry, Commandant at Fort Sill, is known to liavo declared within a fow weoks that iu his opiuiou " tho greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to como booh," :i9 44 tho Indians havo got tho idea that tho Great Medicino Man is coming to wipe out tho whites ami restore to thera tho owuurship of tho country." Captain Trimblcton is known as a man of oxpenuiico nnd discretion. His declaration that the 5,000 Indians about Fort Sill havo renounced Christianity and ontored upon a series of incan tations and fanatical orgies is cortainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should doublo tho frontier garrisons is a ques tion for tho Government to dccido. ARE T1IB 8IOUX STARVLNO ? Tho opinion in this part of Dakota is that tho Sioux havo boon so badly troatod by tho Government lately that their disaffection has much to justify it. Tho settlors along tho cdgeB of the great Sioux reservation aro un doubtedly alarmed. Tlieso are tho facts, to which thoro is abun dant testimony, on which it is said the Sioux mako out a strong caso in equity ugainst Undo Sain. In Juno, 1889, the Sioux sigr.od a treaty for tho cession of a part of thoir reservation to thu Government. They havo not received ono cont of tho consideration duo thorn for that ces sion. Gonoral Crook was with tho commission that socured their signatures to tho treaty ; Geuoral Crook had been their conquoror, and afterwards their benefactor uod frieud. They know him and bolioved in hitn, aud there is no doubt that it was owing very largely to his in- iluouco that tho treaty wus ratified. It was General Orcok who promised tho Sioux that tho Govemmout would pay them in full aud promptly forthoir lauds, aud that thoir rights should bo respected. Tho Sioux havo been repeatedly decoivod by agents of tho United States Government, notably when tho attempt, thatso nearly resulted, in 1878, in war, was made to romovo thorn by forco to tho Mis souri River, but thoy trusted Crook. Now that Crook is dead tho chiefs say that his Govern ment lias failed absolutely to carry out his pro mises. Owing to tho dolay in tho passage by Con- gress of tho Indian Appropriation Bill not only tho Sioux, but tho Indiana of tho ontiro country havo beeu nnd aro Buffering for food. It is now Octobor, aud tho supplies duo iu July havo not yet been sent out to them. As a re sult thoy listen all tho more ongorlr to tho cmissanos who havo como from that part of Montaua whero tho Messiah is said to have been seen. The idea of an approaching millennium und tho extinction of tho whites renders tho reservation Indians nil tho more willing to cat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of overy kind. Tho Sioux at theso twoagcncios— Pino Ridgo and Rosobud— aro re ceiving scarcely anything at all, evou under tho reduced census apportionment, instead of tho full rations thoy uro entitled to. All this timo sinco July tho Govornmont sup plies out bore have boon, of course, diminishing. There will soon bo uotuing at all on hand to foed the Indians except scanty rations of heof. Suppose, as has beou tho caso in tho past, extra ratious of beef woro issuod to take tho place of tho rations of flour, etc., for which thoro is now no material on hand. Tho result would be certain starvation, for then tho beof also would givo out. It is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians, especially wheu tho mysterious apostles from Montana and Utah have succoeded in convincing hundreds of tho Sioux thatwhen tho Messiah appears their strugglo for their rights will at last bo crownod with success, and the hutod whites and lying Government agents will bo punished as they deservo. Why should thoy ana their children starve in a land of plenty ? indeed, a man officially acquainted with tho Sioux for twenty-flvo years said to ino yester day : 4 Broken treaties, delayed appropriations nnd religious frenzy havo combined to mako tho Indians fool that tho worst has como to the worst, and thut oven if no Mouiah camo they might as woll die fighting, with thoir wives und children around them, as soo thoir dear ones pinched and starved by a Govornmont that owes them a living and has abundant means to nay that debt were it so disposed. By tho voiy .failure to deliver them their supplies in July, when thoy were due, the Government has, as a last stroke of cruelty, deprivod the Sioux of tho opportunity to earn money by freighting tlisq, supplies. There wu nothing to haul, so they have been deprived not only, of their Govern ment food, but of almost their only opportunity, to make money, enough to buy food olss- where.' 