SV.R. THRIFTSPENDER'S SECRET. Mr. Robert Thriflspender sat one morning luxuriously toasting his slippered feet before his dressing-room fire. The Times, nicely aired, had just been placed at his elbow, and a brandy-and-soda fizzedtemptingly beside it. Mr. Thriflspender lay back, with his fingers interlaced over that -part of him where his digestion ought to hare been, and twiddled his thumbs with as contented an air as waB compatible with a slight chronic dyspepsia. He was indulging in a little retrospect. How fortunately everything had turned out for him. . Indeed, barring his dyspepsia, Providence could hardly have dealt more kindly with him in his middle-age had his youth been tbe correctosi instead of somewhat wild and reckless. He had sown the wind, and .was reaping a zephyr. Not that the Mr. , Thriflspender, whom Mr. Thriftspender knew, was the Mr. Thriftspender that was known to the world about him. Far from it. There were two Mr. Thriftspenders, so to speak—a Mr. Jekyll Thriftspender and a Dr. Hyde Thriftspender—two personages as distinct as the two Corsican brother?, but represented by one actor, who played the double part. The Mr. Thriftspender known to the world was an independent member of Parliament; the devoted husband of a plain wife, whom he married without prospects; a man whom Providence had chastened with dyspepsia rather for the faults of his forbears than his own. The Mr. Thriftspender known to himself, and to one another, was a politician who had never joined a party, because he never knew bis own mind; the husband of a wife, whom the strong-willed Lady Thriftspender had forced him to .Saarry, controlling, as she did, the entire .fortune amassed by the late Sir Threadneedle Thriftspender; a man who had only himself to thank for the measure of il— .health which the world put down to heredity. The girl he bad married was the Lady ,M»ry Fortune, who had been entrusted to the care of Lady Thriftspender while the Marquis of Brixton, her father, was completing the term of bis Governorship of Bomcutta. For the space of a year, Mr. and Lady Mary Thriftspender, whose marriage was far from being acceptable to 'her parents, had lived on the old lady's; .bounty. It is proverbially an ill wind that blowsnobody any good, and the gale which blew' the good ship Dresdonian, with the Marquis and Marchioness of Brixton and their only son, the infant Lord Stockwfell, to the bottom of the sea, and Incidentally cast a matter of two hundred thousand pounds in the Three per Cents, into the lap of Lady Mary Thriftspender, fcould hardly prove anything but agreeable to that lady's amiable husband. He began to think that he must have been so cute as to'hoodwink Providence; but, whatever Was the cause of h's good fortune, he was, at all events, inclined this morning, on which .we are introduced to him, to be thoroughly content with the course which Lis affairs had taken. ' True, the heyday of youth and an snimpared digestion were passed, but be found a dignified and luxurious ease by no means a bad exchange for them, and it was wonderful how many of his waking hours icou]d be enjoyed in the contemplation of the wickedness ot his early manhood, the ^recollection of his Sturm and Drang. Imagination enabled him to take delight in tbe past without running the risk by which they had been accompanied. Never again Would he hazard reputation or liberty in the pursuit of unrespectable enjoyments. At this moment his reveriff was interrupted by the entrance of his valet. Now, Mr. Silby was an absolutely perfect servant. He looked upon his employment as an art. It was not enough -for him that every gentleman required certain things done for, him, and there a servant's duty ended. He recognised that every gentleman had his idiosyncrasies, his weakness, his pet vices, and that, to become -indispensable, these peculiarities must be studied in all their bearings. His late master, the Marquis of Brixton, had declared- that his greatest grief in leaving j England had been the necessity of parting; with Silby. Indeed, had it not been for the MaJchioneEB, it is more than doubtful' ^hettier, onlearning that Silby absolutely i refused to leave his native land, his lordship would not have thrown up his appointment on the eve of his departure. The man had subsequently become butler to Lady Thriftspender and body servant to her eon, "Tell her ladyship, Silby, that I shall not be dining at home this evening." " Yes, sir; if you please, sir, the same man has called as called yesterday when you were out. He says will you please to see him, as he has something very important to communicate V' " What did you say his name was " Thomas Bowling, sir." " What sort of looking person is he ?" "He's respectably dressed, sir, but seems to me rather foreign in his manner."' "Well, if he looks clean, you caa show him up here, only yoa had better stay within call." In a few minutes a heavy footstep was heard on the stair, and Mr. Bowling stood within the sacred precincts of Mr. Thrift* spender's luxurious dressing-room. "Well, Mr. Bowling, what is this matter of the last .importance that you have to communicate ?" "Mr. Thriftspender, it's a long story I've got to tell you; and, if it's agreeable to yon, I'll take the liberty of taking a chair." The moment the man began to speak it was very evident that he was a colonial, and the ease of his manner in the presence of unaccustomcd luxury and daintiness made it even more apparent that he was not a member of the English poor classes. He wheeled an easy-chair boldly up from tbe corner of the room, and, plac ing it close to the fireplace, without " By your leave" or " With your leave," stretched out his legs and placed'his feet on the fender, as much as to eay, " So far as this conversation is concerned, we must stand or sit upon an equality." Mr. Thriftspender was so taken back by the man's audacity that he was unable to make any remonstrance at his presumption, and even found himself in a cowardly sort of way smiling an acquiescence. He • began to feel that this was a man who wias likely to doininate him, and he regretted now, when it war too late, that, he had not insisted upon knowing What was his business, before having him "ad- mitted. Now, Mr. Thriftspender, sir," the. stranger began, " I've got a strange, strange, story to tell you, and ona which, if l am not greatly mistaken, will prove a vast deal more grange than pleasant to you and your wife. I've come to this country on purpose to tell it to somebody; and from all that I can gather you are the person most interested, and, therefore, entitled- to hear it first. You too will be able to advise me" (this he said frith deeper suggestiveness) " whether it is a story worth repeating to others or no." Mr. Thriftspender moved uneasily in his chair. Could it be that at last one of his wild oats was about to bring forth fruit 1 Could it really be that, although "The mills of theQode grind slowly," they are certain in the end to get hold of and grind all with exactness 1 However, at any rate, he must present a bold front, albeit he was pretty certain in his heart that this brutal visitor of his had discerned at first glance that he had but a cowardly fellow to deal with. " Well, Mr. Bowling, proceed with your story. At present I am at a loss to understand how anything with any mystery in it can be any concern of mine. Let me remind you, too, before it is too. late, that any communication yon may think fit to make to me is not of my seeking, and I refuse to bind myself in any way not to divulge any facts that yon. may reveal to me if I hereafter think fit to do so." Mr. Thriftspender looked at his visitor as much as to add, " You see you've got a devil of a fellow to deal with," bnt was disappointed to notice that Mr. jBowling did not seem to be particularly impressed. On the contrary, he merely cleared his throat, spat into the fire, and proceeded with his story as if there had been no interruption. Four years ago I was a third-class passenger on the steamship Dresdonian bound for the port of London. I need not tell you, sir, the story of that ship's lo?s. Yoa, I'll be bound, know all the details as well as any one alive, that is to say, bar a very interesting little bit of news which is only known to myeel£ The newspapers had it that every soul on board that vessel was lost, but I'm able to tell you in my ov/n • person that these newspapers ' made a mistake. I, Thomas Bowling, w.is; eaved by what-some would call hick, 1 but what I call Providence,BO as the right people should come rightly into their own. I, Mr. Thriftspender, had, by the sweat of my brow, made a considerable fortune in the far East, and was on my way back to my native land to enjoy the fruits of a hard life; but that competency, sir, went down in the good ship Dresdonian. What, then, I ask you, did Providence out of that great ship's crew save my miserable life for ? I'll tell you—although I never guessetf why it Was until three monthB ago, Although I've a rough outBide> Mr. Jhriftspender, I've a soft heart, and it was 6o"ft that I waB saved from the wreck. : Yes, 6ir, on the last terrible night, when, with her engines disabled and her -sails in ribbons, the Dresdonian lay as helpless as a log in that tremendous sea, a man was the equal of a gentleman, a woman the equal of a lady, and third-class passengers stood side by Bide and wept and trembled with the first-classers frcm the saloon. Every lurch the ship gave was expected to be our last, and we were huddled close to one another as if determined to .go into eternity not alone but in couples. By my side a fine lady claBped her little boy to her bosom. She seemed to have forgotten all terror for herself in the soothing of him. I Raid a hearty word or two to her, poor thing,-which made her turn and look at me. I had got hold of a large cork belt, which I had slipped on, as well as a small lite-buoy, which I thought I might as well have as any one else. "' Are you a good swimmer ?' she said, the moment she looked at me. "'Yes,' I said, ',but good swimming won't do much in a sea like this.' "«Will you do what you can to save this child ? A mother's blessing -will be your reward. My husband is in his cabin unable to move. I must go to him. Possibly I shall never see my child again. Take him, and may heaven preserve you and him!' "In a moment I had taken the child in my arms, and the poor, mother vanished down'the companion-ladder. .To make a long story ; short, Mr. Thriftspender, I and. this little boy were picked up ;by a pasting Portuguese vessel bound for Sydney, and in due time were landed there, We were the only two saved from thewreck.of the Dresdonian." Mr. Bowling here paused in his narrative, and looked .at his companion, as though expecting some remark from him, but all that he vouchsafed him was, " Well, I'm waiting to see what on earth your story has to do with me." '"What? Then you've not made '"No," lied the other, "not the ghost of a guess." "Well, then, perhaps these trinkets which were found tied round the child's neck will quicken your wits a bit," and Mr. Bowling took from his pocket a small leather case and handed it to his companion. Mr. Thriftspender took the case, and, with fingers whose trembling he was unable to control, brought to light a gold and coral baby's rattle, a signet ripg, and a gold-mounted miniature on ivory. On the rattle the,initials " G.T.F." were engraved, the ring before the Brixton coat-ofrarms, cut on a bloodstone, and the miniature was a portrait of Lady Mary's mother. " Still, I fail to see what these have to do with me," at length he said, for it was more natural for him to lie than to speak the "truth, "Then, Mr. Thriftspender, sir, I've made a mistake," said Bowling, rising from his seat, " and I ask your pardon for troubling you with them. I have a letter also which purports to be in the handwriting of the little boy's mother, signed 'Mary Brixton,' and authenticating the child. This with these trinkets, I shall place to- morrow morning in the hands of Messrs. Ludwig and Ludwig, who, I understand, are the family lawyers. Incase you may wish to communicate with me, sir, that address," handing him a piece of paper, " will find me," and pocketing the trinkets Mr. Bowling withdrew. Left alone, Mr. Thriftspender lay back in his chair unnerved, trembling in every limb, face to face with the most terrible of all bogies to a man with the nervous dyspepsia—a pressing alternative. On the one hand, poverty, with its attendant train of discomforts and unbearable anxieties and cheeseparings; on tbe other, riches, retained by fraud, and subject constantly to the illimitable drain of a possibly insatiable black- mailer, with the disquietude of a constant dread of beino found" out. In either cass'fijs dyspepsia was bound to be' aggravated. "Povertv would entail a third-rate cook,'whilst the retention of bis first-rat® chef- would entail an ever-present grinding anxiety which draws the blood away lrom the stomach wbeie it is most needed. What was to be done? Clearly the man must not be allowed to go to Messrs. Ludwig and Ludwig with his diabolical proofs of a young Marquis of Brixton before he had had sufficient time to think over the matter. Why, Bowling might even now be changing his mind and going to see the lawyers this very day. The mere thought of this possibility threw the poor dyspeptic into a profuse perspiration, and he tugged at his bell with bis mind only half made up as to wbat should bis done. When the faithful Silby appeared, he found bis poor master in a miserable plight indeed. His forehead was bedewed with perspiration, whilst hands and feet were as cold aB ice, and his breath came sharp and fast. Mr. Thriftspender felt that be was on tbe verge of having a fit. But it was only fancy, and in a few minutes Silby bad got him into some nicely-aired clothes, and he lay back comparatively calm, though somewhat exhausted, in his easy-chair. " That man has upset me a good deal, Silbv," at length he panted. : "I must really stick to my rule—never to see anybody before I am dressed. It's too much for me. I'm not strong enough to bear any excitement before I o'clock." "No, sir. I began to feel anxious when r heard the man talking so loud, lest yoa should have one ot your attacks, sirj and the doctor said you must be careful, sir, and not overdo yourself." " You are right, Silby j I don't know what I should do without yon. By-thebye, I want a note taken at once to that man. It must be delivered without fail into his own hands as soon as possible." " Yes, sir; and I think you should take some of your drops, sir." • Tbe late afternoon again saw Mr. Thomas Bjwling and Mr. Robert Thriftspender closeted together, and this interview had a very practical outcome. It is unnecessary to follow the conrse of the negotations; it is sufficient to «ay that, for the sum. of five hundred pounds per annum, Mr. Bowling'- undertook 1 to keep his secret, and to bring up the young Marquis of Brixton as his own«on, " It is, of course, no hardship to the boy f who has never known bettet things, Mr. Bowling; and/ indeed, Wealth and position are far from being as enviable as* : they look. l am far " " You will, of course, like to see the young Marq—I beg' your pardon, my boy George—now and again, Mr.- Thriftspender 1" said Bowling, interrupting! ' "I think not, Mr. Bowling," replied the dyspeptic, with unusual decision Sri- his tone; "I think not. The fact is, my health is not good, and, indefed, I feci that I could hardly bear the sad memories Which the sight of the poor child would conjure np." ' • i " Just as you wish, sir, of course. Only you understand that it would be more satisfactory to me that you should see for yourself that the lad is being well looked after." "Let me assure you, once for all,Mr. Bowling, that I am perfectly content to leave that to yoa." * * * * * * Mr. Thriftspender still lives, if the successive periods of nervous depression and active apprehension which go to make up his existence, can he properly termed life. His faithful Silby watches; ore* him with can surpass. He is a tenderhearted fellow, a man,.indeed, who would not hesitate to nsk his own life to .prolong that) of -bis master. "Just to think," as he often says, with tears in his eyes, to his-, brother; Mr. J-homas Silby, alias Bowling, "jpst to think that no long as Mr t Robert Thriftspender lives those little trinkets that I kep back ^from poor, dead-and-gope iittte Utd Stock well, when he started with his Ma and Pa for Bomcutta, should be worth a matter of £500 a year to you and me, and all without BO much a£ieepinga young Marquis out o^i 8 own/aTsPfut/L 