NOT CLASSIFIED. As Mr. Jones was returning from church, with his family, he discovered a new and singular looking insect on the front door-step of his suburban villa. As he is somewhat of a scientist, he was naturally pleased with the new specimen, and forming his pocket-handkerchief into a cage, he pounced down and succeeded in capturing it. "Bring the microscope, children/' he said, " and toll your ma to hurry. I want lier to look at it. I'm sure it belongs to the hemiptera class, and is a new specimen. Here, Charlie, put your eye to the ocular side, and tell me what you see." " Oh, pa, ain't it splendid ! It's got four wings, eight eyes, and, oh my ! ain't it a sparkler, though ! Eed and green and yellow, and-oh, it is getting away, ain't it, pa ?". " Then it isn't dead !" cried Mr. Jones in ecstasy. " I wasn't quite sure whether it moved or not. Let me look. Yes, it's a terrestial, I think, after all. It belongs to the geuus penta toma-the antenna) have that peculiar flexible look ; and yet, now that I look again, the eyes seem to indicate that it is a phytocois, in which case it will be very destructive to your ma's plants, and we must kill it at once. I'U ask Pro fessor Still. It will be, in any case, a valuable addition to our collection. Marie, where's the chloroform ?" " In the corner cupboard. What are you going to do with it ?" asked Mrs. Jones, who had baen giving her undivided attention to the baby. " Kill this insect as soon as you have examined it," answered Mr. Jones, in a lofty tone. "I shall present it to the learned society with which-" "Well, I think not, Mr. Jones," broke in his wife, who was looking with much interest at the new specimen. " I paid 2dol for that insect, as you call it, last week, to wear on my new bonnet, and it must have dropped off when I came in. It belongs to the genuine millinero, and couldn't be any deader if it had been baked f«r a century. Science will have to get on without it ; it is al ready classified." THEY ARBITRATED. Two men were standing on a corner on Sixth Avenue, holding an animated conversation. I say that man Webb is a sneak," said one of them excitedly. " He's no sneak," replied the other. " But the strike is all over, so what's the use of talking about it. The strikers never had a ghost of a show anyhow." " That's all you know about it," sneered the first speaker. " Of course it's over. The Knights are whipped." " The Knights had just begun--" " Just begun to play out for good." "No, sir!" "Yes, sir!" " Do you mean to say that I'm not a man of my word ? If that's what you're driving at come out and call me a liar." " I guess you have sized yourself up about right." Then they clinched. After the battle had j raged for some time with varying results, the striker got his adversary down, and was preparing to take advantage of the situation, when a Knight of Labor, who had been standing near, said : " Hold on ! Don't punch him yet. Just let |me ask him a few questions. How about these labor troubles ? Do you think the strike is really over ?" " I am beginning to have my doubts aboutit," said the under-man. "I am thinking that there is no doubt but what the Knights had consider- , able power, after all." " O, you are, eh ? What do you think of vice President Webb ?" " O, I haven't as good an opinion of him now as I had. Perhaps he should haye treated the strikers more politely." " You said a while ago that I was lying. Am I ?" put in the striker on top, drawing back his arm threateningly. " No, indeed you ain't. I'm attending to the lying just now, but if you will just let me up, I think I know where there is a saloon keeper who would act as arbitrator in this little affair with out detriment to the honor of either party." " Now you are talking sensible," said the striker, letting him up and brushing the dirt from his coat. " If you had made a proposition like that before, this little strike would never have occurred," and they proceeded to the nearest saloon, where the bitter memories of the past were washed down with foaming bumpers of beer. Customer: "Have you anything to cure a cold ?" Druggist : Heavens ! Have you no friends?" 