TO THE CHRYSANTHEMUM. The golden Summer -with, her gorgeous . train ..' Of many-tinted blossom hath;passed on; And now,- ere. Winter doth 'résume his ?;'?.:[': ;v..;-reignV: ' ? '.. ''.-"b'"1 '' We hail' thee, fragrant, pâle Chrysan- themum! Pale, did. I sayP- Not always such art : *nou> Since powerful fashion thee hath deigned to praise, . ,.!,.., The art of cultivation gives,.thee now, .Pink, ruby, .gold, and many-coloured rays. Thy form too, varies, as thy colours rare, Exquisite florets, studiously diverse j With aster, daisy, dahlia, we compare, But fail to do thee justice in our verse. The rose, the lily, and the violet, Have ever been the theme of poets' song ; But thou, Chrysanthemum, I trow not yet Do many praisef ul lays to thee belong ! Not in our land at least',-but let tis scan The tribute paid thee in thy native bowers, Where, in the far-off isles of old Japan. Her poets crown thee ever ' Queen of Flowers.' Her patient ¡artists know . thy symmetry, ! .';And love thy varied beauty to pourtray In bronze, in porcelain, and in ivory, . On costly cabinet, and simple tray. In textile fabrics rich, of curious dyes, Thine ever graceful outline still we view On robes, and fans, and rare embroideries, . On simple stuffs, and peasants' raiment ? ? -, too.. ? .' " ' Whilst : in the Orient thus enshrined thou .. : ? art, \- Thou ; hast thy lovers in the distant ??I-.-, West, ?}.?? And e'en in murky London's busiest part, -The Temple Gardens prize thee as their best. Tum we to Greater Britain's sunny skies And gardens'planted by her sturdy sons, "Whoii carry thither ¡what they most áo prize, . There, too, we find the bright Chrysan- themums ! But though thou growést fair, e'en in exile Repaying well the care on thee bestowed, Thou keepest still, thy brightest, gayest smile, ' : , . Thv làrcrest radiance for the land beloved ! E. H. H. ' LITTLE PEOPLE ' is the title of a short story, published in book form, and written by Roberta (Ruby) Greenwood, who is < between; the ages of eight and nine years ' ; and is illustrated by Agatha and Nora Greenwood. v. Ibsen's plays are again attracting a good deal of attention at Home, * Ghosts' and ' Rosmersholm ' being , the. , two latest additions to the London Btage. THE February number of an enterprising specimen of American advertising journal- ism is before us. The Waterbury is published in New York, in the interests of the; retail watchmakers, and for the setting forth of the virtues of the Waterbury watch. The get-up of the periodical is excellent, the illustrations (some of which are of Aus- tralian scenery) wonderfully well executed, and we are not surprised whén we are told that the circulation in the United States is 20,000, and that the Special Australian Edition reaches a circulation of 2000 a month. 