Consecration of the Bishop of Northern Queensland. (From Monday's S.M. Herald.) The service in connection with the consecration of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place on Saturday morning at half-past 10 in St. Andrew's Cathedral. There was a large congregation. The ceremony waa conducted by the Primate, who was assisted by Dr. Tanner (Bishop of Grafton and Armidale), and Dr. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle). The following clergy wero also present:—Dean Cowpor, Arohdeacons King and Uilntuer, Canons Kemmis, Moreton, Hulton King, and Sharp, Roys. H. H. Yarrington, S. Sirara, Manning, Debenham, Tress, Hornby, Spear, Hargrave, Mad^ewick, Dixon, Langley, Oharl ton, Garnsey, Ymnold, Baber, Beck, Bartlott, Hough, Bead, Woodd, Smith, Archdall, Pain, Mort, Hose, Killworth, Woodworth, Harm, Boyle, Dr. Corlettc, the Precentor (Roy. A. Rivers), and the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr, Gregory Walker). Tho first lesson was read by the Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale The anthem was " uod so loved the world." The Bishop of Newcastle preached the sermon, taking aa his text Actsviii. 2, "And as they ministered to the Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said,—Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work w hereunto I have called them." Referring to the custom of tending to England for olergymen, he asked how it was that tho Church had so miserably failed to touch tho hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining the ministry. Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry? The Church in Australia should wake up, and put a downright enthusiasm for religion into the people, and moke an end to paltry little questions, addressing themselves resolutely to the work of God. When the the spirit waa in the Church in Australia, it would bo in the ministry as it had been In the civil lifo, when the cry came that young men were needed for a campaign in the East. On that occasion some of Australia's best and most athletio youths put on their uniform to go to the Soudan, and so in the ministry of our Lord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church independent. In separating one who had been ordained in Australia, he thought they were taking a wise and ezpedienf stop. He believed that the time had ooroe when, in the older dioceses at any rate, they could Burely choose out of a thousand clergy* men one or more sufficiently gifted to fill an episcopal chair. This was from no disloyalty to the mother Church, nor from any desire to detaoh themselves from her sweet, generous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they had Beleoted a clergyman who had been ordained in the colony to take the government of the dis tant diocese of Northern Queensland. Con cluding, he said, addressing the Bishop elect: " And what can I say to you, my dear, brother? Is it not the culmination of your work in the Northern diocese? I have no advice to give yon, for have we not for nine years been work ing together like brothers, sharing our work, praying over oar difficulties, and thinking what could be done best for God's work up there ? I cannot advise yon. You know it all. Continue only in the work that in the years past yon have been carrying on, and yon will vindicate and justify that act which we are performing to-day, and will Drove to the Church in Australia that the synod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right in separating yon, after prayer in apostolic order, for the work where unto you have been called. The Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, and direct you as you go in and out among the people. The Lord be with you." After morning prayer, the service for the consecration of a Bishop was gone through, the Primate, assisted by tbo other Bishops, offioia ting. The mandate for the consecration was read by the chancellor of the diocese, Mr. Gregory Walker, after whioh the Bishop-elect took the oath of obedience. The consecration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate aud the assisting Bishops, and the presentation to the new Bishop of a copy of the Bible. At the conclusion of the consecration service the Primate, with the newly conseorated Bishop and others, proceeded with the Com munion service, and partook of the Saorament. The offertory was devoted to the North Queen* land Clergy Mission Fund. The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited, have received the following cablegram from their London house, dated 28th instant:—" Wheat: The market is steadier, and the weather iss unsettled. Adelaide and Victorian wheat to arrive iron ship is worth 395\. 3d. c.i.f. per 4801b. May-June bill of lading. Parcels 395. Australian wheat has advanced Cd. per 4961b. Biuce last report." The following letter, dated 20th instant, from Mr. R. T. Hartley, shipping master at Cairns, has just been received by the Secretary of the Marine Board:—" Sir,—l have the honour to inform you that William Peterson, master of the Curlew, schooner, engaged in the becue-de mer fishery, reports that on the 10th May last, one «Jimmy,* a native of Cape Melville, deserted from the vessel at Batt Beef, taking a boat named the 'Gull,' a Singapore man named Jammany, and a boy named Tommy with him. I have written Cooktown and Port Douglas, but they have seen nothing of either boat or men." A young Russian lieutenant, by name Baoh mostoff, »8 trying to emulate the fnat of Captain Pyeshkofl, by walking all the way from Vladi vo3tock to St. Petersburg, aooompanied by hia dogs. Bachmostoff has already walked orei 7000 miles. 