POPULAR SCIENCE. Ah epidemic known as' the "daggeian lever," recently broke cut in Athene, Greece. It is al-o known as the " cenguo" or " deugy " fever ; which name is eaid to have I come from the Weet Indies, where the j negtGcs call it " dandy fever," owing to the elifi attitude to which it temporarily con demned the patient, which name was brought to Europe by Spaniard?, raolifted intc deogy." It is rarely fatal, bus spreads very rapidly. The first symptoms are intense redness of face. neck and hands, frequently accompanied by an eruption. The patient then feels violent headache, darting pains in the eye', ana humming in the care; lie cannot woilc, shuns the light, and sleep cannot be obtained. Gradually ether parts of the body are attacked, till the disease ' settles wish special vehemence in the legs, especially in tlic knees. The crisis comes within three to eight days, after which," with : -good medical treatment, the patient recovers j in four or five days, but generally remains j feeble for two or three weeks longer. Pros. Am-jETz, of the School of Cheese manufacture at Sornthal in Switzerland, in the course of his investigations into " case ous pathology," has succeeded in isolating bo fewer than nineteen species of microbes in one kind of cheese, and that in the fresh state. lror every ounce of this he found bacteria numbering from 90,'00 to 140,000,. and these multiplied to mere than 800.000 in j a ssventy-daye' cheese. In the soft cheese | the microbes were still more numerous. Prof. Adametz found 1,200,000 in one ounce i of a 34 days' cheese", and 2,000.000 in a 45 days'specimen. These were.lcnnd in the interior parts of the cheeee. On the rim he i calculated there were from three to five mil- j 'ions for every .ounce. By a series of in genious experiments the same pathologist demonstrated that the arrest by antiseptics BubstancsB of these micro-organisms pre vents the cheese from maturing. The speed of fishes is almost an unknown j quantity, it being very difficult to meksure. 'Estimates of the speed of fish are only I approximated, and more or less founded | upon guessing. One can tell, however, at a glance whether a fish is built for epeed or not. A fast fish looks trim and pointed, like a yfiohi. Its head is cor i.cal in shape, and ils fins lit down close to its body,like a knife blade into its hsndle. Ekh -with large j heads, bigger than their bodleB, and with short, stubby fins, are built for slow motion. The predatory fishes, those that live on prey, are the fastest swimmers. The food fishes are, as a general thing, the slowest, and, consequently, are easily captured. The Spanish mackerel is one of the fastest of food fishes. Its body is cone-shaped, and is as smooth as burnished metal. Its speed is i as matchless as that of the dolphin, and, in motion, it outs the water like a yacht. ficmwriBTC investigation reveals the fact; that, under a variety "of titles, alcohol! exerts its influence as the potent body of the : various liqueurs so common in Europe and ; Australasian coicnies. These contain, it is true, other ingredients of more or less stimu lant character; but they owe their highly in toxicant qualities without doubt to the pre sence of a large percentage of alcohol. A fact which is not so generally known, has, however, been brought to light in some resent retnrns, which prove that such ap parently harmless compounds as "bitters " and " tonics " are also commonly alcobolio in a high degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence of alcohol to an amount varying from 20 to over 40 per oeni. Of the legion of adulterations more or less poisonous which have been from time to time introduced into intoxicating beverages our space wili not permit us to speak, Ih the introductory lecture to the agricul tural class at the University of Edinburgh, delivered at the opening of. the present session, Prof. Wallaoa chose as his subject some aspects of Australasian agriculture. In this lecture. Prof. Wallace urges that ebeep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the eSects of rivalry with the fiook masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by the way, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race.. Prof. Wailacs hazards the opinion that, before many years have passed, Aus tralia will be possessed of ever 200 000 000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton Is equal in flavor and texture, to the best Highland, Welsh, or South Down mutton. Upon these two assumptions he foretslls calamaties to. the meat producers of his country which.his countrymen hope he will not live to see. A KNGuntit Asiatic people called the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconite,and they are so made that when any attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the barb breaks oil and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when he has been etruck by one. Same of tbe superstitions of the Akas are carious. If a river runs between an Aba's house and his burying-place, his scul csn never go home after death. Thi3 inability of the spirit to crass wateris, however, overcome by stretch ing a string across the Btresm that divides tbe grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the elightesfc foothold is given him. Two new seismcEcopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are described as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about fivo inches long, leaning slightly against an ad justable screw fepport near its middle, and withits lower pointed end in a cup. When a sboek or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its Euppori and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the riDg is connected wish a hinged lever ar rangement, which stops the mechanism of a time piece, showing when the earthquake ehcck occurred. PnoT-oosiPns here lately been taken of the two interesting old a-irenomical instru ments at the P<rkin O'v*vatory. These in struments are the mnst -ncicnt of the kind in tbe world, having N-n made by order of the Emperor Kubisi iC-u.n in the year 1279. .-They are exquisite pieces of bronze work, and arc is splendid condition, although they have been exposed to the weather more than 600 years. The number c;f persons who have died within a few months in Great Britain from the administration of chloroform by dentists and eurgecDP, ig rather startling. In each case reported is la sfctcd that no fault could bo imputed to the professional gentlemen who administered the chloroform. This sounds a good deal lite the phrase, "no blame attaches to the guard," which is so common in this country in the account of railway accidents. Wceehen in metal, v/ho get particles of iron and steel in their eyes, are now relieved by the application of en electro magnet, which draws cut the flee particles with admirable celerity and neatness. Steel or iron slivers are al-o drawn from the hand, or other part3 of the body, by an electro magnet. Gehmin Eubjec-ts are vaccinated in the eariy months of Jif?, again on attaining the age of 12, and ail ira'ss a third time on entering upon their terra of compulsory service in tbe army. Vaccination is al-1 ways dene with calf-lymph—rieverfrtm arm to arm. The lion and the- tiger, and indeed most the csTnivera, do not grind their rood, usi tbe;r jaws Gitiy np and down, the rnols bs! 8 : like chopping knives, or rather ec: tors. Their tacaths ara a veritable haeh mi 