DDR BEAST PARTI,. » <rw 1KB Stobies OAHE TO sa TOED. wow sitting round, talking and smoking; j® bad, bad a vary (rood sunnor — & vmr g««upper, indeed. After supper Ws I cSljustioe to 5n? Jo"n himself said so. Ho said he was glad to notice that I liked it ®n after supper, leaving Wonrate, old Dr. Sorubbles, W. Samud TMAa»WMR member of -the County Council, day ffiSes end myself to keep uncle ootn- that it was too early to give S.C?15Mlle Jet» uncle brewed another bowl of punch, and I think we all did justioe ®wt 1 know Idid. It is a passion with me, 1b (die desire to do justice. We sat up for along while, and the Doctor orewed some gin pondi later on, for a dtmige. ®ould not taste much difference my- ' sew. But it waa aU go' d, and we were very happy, everybody was so kind. TTnele jofan told us a very funny story in the <»urss of the evening. Oh, it was a funny ' I forget what it was about now, but I know It amused me very much at tbe time. I do not think I ever laughed so much in all py Ijf® It is strange that I cannot recol- teot thai story, too, because he told it us four times. And it was entirely our own fault that he did not tell it us a fifth. After that the dootor sang a very clever, song. in the course of which he imitated all the different animals in a farmyard, pn did miY 'f))nm o T>? f ITa it.. L. uiajcu ivi LUO unuhitui cock and crowed for the pig. But we knew what he meant all right. I started relating a most interesting anec dote, but was somewhat surprised to observe, as I went' on, that nobody was paying tbe slightest attention to me whatever. I thought this rather rude of them at first until it dawned upon me that I was talking to my- < self aU the time instead of out aloud, so that, of course, they did not know I was telling them a tale at all and were jr>baMy puzzled to understand the meaning of my animafA expression and eloquent gestures. It was a most ouriouB mistake for any one to make. I never knew such a thing happen to me before. Later on onr curate did tricks with cards. He asked us if we had ever seen a game called the " Three Card Trick." He said it was an artifice by means of which low, unscrupulous men, frequenters of raoe meetings ana such like haunts, swindled foolish young fellows oat of their money. He said it was a very simple trick to do; it all depended on the quickness of the hand. It was the quickness or the hand deceived the eye. frHe said he would show us the imposture, so that we might be warned against it, and not be taken in by it ; and be fetched uncle's pick of cards from the tea caddy, and selecting three oardB from the pack — two plain cardB and one picture card — sat down on the hearthrug and explained to us what he was going to do. He said: — "Now I shall take these three cards in my hand, so, and let you all see them. And then I shall quietly lay them down on the rug with the backs uppermost, and ask you to pick out the picture card. And you'll think yon know which one it is." And he did it. Old Mr. Coombes. who is also one of our churchwardens, said it waa the middle card. "You fancy you saw it," said our curate, smiling. "I don't fancy anything at all about it, replied Mr. Coombes. " I till you it's the middle card. I'll bet you half -a- crown it's the middle card." " There you are ; that's just what I was ex plaining to yon,' said our curate, turning to the rest of us. " That's the way these foolish | young fellows that 1 was speaking of are lured | on to lose their money. Thev make sure they know the card ; they fancy they saw it. They don't grasp the idea that it is the quickness of the hand that has deceived their eye. " He said he had known young men go off to a boat race or a cricket match with pounds in their pockets, and oome home early in the after noon stone broke, having lost all their money at this demoralising game. He eaid he should take Mr. Coombes's half- crown because it would teach Mr. Coombes a very useful lesson, and probably be tbe means nf Mvinir "MV rinamWa monev in the future. and he should give the two and sixpence to the blanket fund. " Don't you worry about that," retorted old Mr. Coombes. " Don't yon take the half-crown out of the blanket fund ; that's alL" And be put the money on the middle card and turned it up. Sure enough, it really was the queen ! We were all very much surprised, especially the curate. He said that it did sometimes happen that way, though. That a man did sometimes lay on the right card, by aocident. Our curate staid it was, however, the most unfortunate thing a man could do for himself, if he only knew it, because when a man tried and won it gave him a taste for the so-called sport, and it lurei him on into risking again and again, until he bad to retire from the con- teat aoroken And rained man. Then he did the trick again. Mr. Coombes asid it was tin card next the coal scuttle this time, and wanted to put five shillings on it. We laughed at him and tried to persuade him against it. But he would listen to no advice, however, but inflated on plunging. . . - Oir curate said very well then ; he had warned him, and that was all that he could do. If he (Mr. Coombes) was determined to make a fool of himself he (Mr. Coombes) roust do so. Our curate said he should take the five aMl- Dogs, and that would put things right again 5 th the blanket fond. So Mr. Coombes put two half-crowns on the, oard next the coal scuttle and fcurned ii up. Sure enough, it was the queen ag»m ! After thatUncle John had a florin on and he And then' we all played at it, aJid we all won. All except the curate, that is. He had a very bad quarter of an hour. Ineverknew a man have such hardtack at cards. He lost every ij. 'j. We had some more punch rfter .that, and TJnole made such a funny mistake » it ; he left out the whiskey. Oh, we did hmgh at him, and we made him put in double quantity afterwards, a a forfrit. Ob wo did have such fun that evening. And then somehow or other we must have _nt. on to ghosts, because the next recollection ?h»« bX «®wwe telling gho.t etorie. to each other. TEDDY bifflbs'B STOBY. Teddy Biffles told the first stoiw. I wfll let hl(ta8khni? that I recoiled: his ownexact words whether I took them down ifTehorthand at the time, or whether he had the atory written out, and handed me the MS. after wards f or publication in thw book, because IoaM not tell you if you did. It is a trade Biffles oalled his story— - Iw!Si iSr HMn,TJ > YACTHFUI, OHOST. WiiWJ«hmTre iad when I first met ? 7 hrii« for the Christmas aUoS 'i hKns Christmas Bve, I had been auowed to Stt up very late. On opening the omrof myltttle bedroom to. go I found ®J«lf face -to face with Johnson, who was a£S through me, and utter- it17' duafp"M<i ut ,7 ®tartled for the moment. I was only a tte time, and had never seen a ®tt a little nervous about going to bed. But on rafisotion, I remembered Miat It was only sinful people that spirits could ao any harm to, and so tacked myself up and went to sleep. In the morning I told the pater what I had seen. "Oh, yes, that was old Johnson." he answered; "don't you be frightened of that: be lives here.' And then he told me the poor thmg8 history. , It seemed that Johnson, when it was alive, had loved in early life the daughter of a former lessee of our house, and a very beautiful girl, whose Christian name had been Emily. Father did not know her other nama. Johnson was too poor to marry the girl, so he kissed her good-bye told her he would soon be back, and went off to Australia to m»b> his fortune. But Australia was not then what it became Uter on. Travellers through the bush were few and far between in those early days, and even when one was caught the portable property found upon the body was often of hardly sufficient necrotiable vain a tn ample funeral expenses rendered necessary. So that it took Johnson nearly twenty years to make his fortune. The self-imposed task was accomplished at last, however, and then, having successfully eluded the police and got deaf out of the colony, he returned to England full of hope and joy to claim his bride. He readied the house -to find it Bilent and deserted. All that the neighbours could tell him was that soon after his own departure the family had on One foggy night unostentatiously disappeared, and that nobody had ever seen or heard anything of them since, although the landlord and most of the local tradesmen had madesearching inquiries. Poor J ohnson, frenzied with grief, sought his love all ovrr the world. But he never found her, and after years of fruitless efforts he re turned to end his lonely life in the very house where in the happy bygone days he and his beloved Emily had passed so many blissful hours. - He had lived there quite alone, wandering about tbe empty rooms, weeping and calling to his Emily to come back to him. , And when the poor old fellow died his ghost still kept the business on. It was there, the pater said, when he took the house and the agent had knocked £10 a year off the rent in consequence. After that I was continually meeting Johnson about the place at all times of the night, and so, indeed, were we all. We used to walk round it and stand aside to let it pass at first. But when we grew more at home with it and there seemed no necessity for so much cere mony we used to walk straight through it. You could not say it was ever much in the - way. 41 It was a gentle, harmless old ghost too, mid we all felt very sorry for it and pitied it. The women folk, indeed, made quite a pet of it for a while. Its faithfulness touched them so. But as time grew on it grew to be a bit of a bore. You see, it was so full of sadness. There was nothing cheerful or genial about it. You felt sorry for it. but it irritated you. It would sit on the stairs and cry for hoars at a stretch, and whenever we woke up in the night one was sore to hear it pottering about tbe passages and in and oat of the different rooms moaning and sighing, so that we could not get to sleep again very easily. And when we bad a party on it would come and sit outside tbe drawingroom door and sob all the time. It did not do anybody any harm exaotly, bat it cast a gloom over the whole affair. " Oh, I'm getting sick of this old fool," eaid the pater one evening (the dad can be veiyblant when be is put oat, as you know), after John- sion had been more of a nuisance than usual, and had spoiled a good game of whist by sitting up the chimney and groaning till nobody knew what were tramps or what suit had been led even. " We shall have to get rid of him some- or other. I wish I knew now to do it." " Well," said the mater, " depend upon it, j you'll never see the last of him until he's found : Emily's grave. That's what he is after. You find Emily's grave and put him on to that and he'll stop there. That's tbe only thing to do. : You'll mark my words," " The idea seemed reasonable, but the difficulty in the way was that we none of us knew where Emily's grave was any more than the ghost of 3 ohnston hpnself did. The governor suggested : palming off some other Emily's grave upon the poor thing, but as luck would have it there did not seem to have been an Emily of any sort buried anywhere for miles around. I never came across a neighbourhood so utterly desti tute of dead Emilies. I thought for a bit, and then I hazarded a suggestion myself. "Couldn't we fake up something for the old chap?" I queried. " He seems a simple-minded Md sort. He might take it in. Anyhow, we : could but try." " By Jove, so we will," exclaimed my father, s and tbe very next morning we had the workmen ; in, and fixed up a little mound at the bottom of the orchard with a tombstone over it bearing the following inscriptions— - , : " That ought to fetch him,'" mused the dad, as he surveyed the work when finished, "lam sure I hope it does," It did. -- We lured him down that very night, ana-— Well, there, it was one of the most pathetic , things I have ever seen the way J ohnson sprang upon that tombstone and wept. Dad and old Squibbins, the gardener, cried like children when they saw it. Johnson has never troubled U6 any more m the house since then. It spends every night now sobbing on the grave and seems quite happy. "There still?" " Gh, yes; I'll take you fellows down and show you it next time you come to our place ; iff p.m. to 4 a.m. are its general hours ; 10 to 2 on Saturdays-" .. . JHTSXEUpE, -It made me <ay very much, that story, young Biffies told it with so much strong femng. We wens all a little thoughtful after it, and 1 noticed even the old Doctor covertly wipe away a tear. Uncle John brewed another bowl of punch, however, and we gradually grew more nsignsd. The Doctor, indeed, after a while became almost cheerful and told us about the ghost of one of bis patients. I cannot give you his story. I wish £ could. They all said aftarward that it was the best of the lot— the most ghastly snd terrible — but I oould not make any sense of it myself. It seemed so incomplete. , He began all right and then something seemed to happen, and. then be was finishing It. I cannot make out what be did with the middle of tbe story. It ended up, I know, however, with some body finding something, and that put Mr. Coombes in mind of a very curious affair that took place at an old mill once kept by his brother-in-law. Mr. Coombes said he would tell us his story, and before anybody could stop Mm be had begun. Mr. Coombes said the story was called J — III. — The Haunted Man; ob, the Ruzned Hoiks. " Well, you all know my brother-in-law, Mr. Parkins," began Mr. Ccombes, taking the long clay pipe from his mouth ana putting it behind his ear (we did not know his Mower- In-law, but we said we did, so as to save time) ; " and you know of course that he once took a lease of an old mill in Surrey and went to live there " Now you must know that years ago this very mm naa oeen occupied oy a wicxea ota miser, who died there, leaving, so it was rumoured, all his money hidden somewhere about the place. Naturally enough everyone who had since come to live at the mill had tried to find the treasure, but - none had ever succeeded, and the local wiseacres said that nobody ever would unless the ghost of the miserly miller would, one day, take a fanoy to one of the tenants, and disclose to him the secret of the" hiding place. " Mjr brother-in-law did not attach much importance to the story, regarding it aB an old woman's tale, and unlike his predecessors, made no attempt whatever to discover the hidden gold. " i Unless business was very different then from what it is now, 'eaid my brother-in-law, I don't see how a miller could very well have _Eaved anything, however much of a miser he might have Men ; at all events, not enough to make it worth the trouble of looking for it.' " Still, he could not altogether get rid of the idea of that treasure. " One night he went to bed. There was nothing very extraordinary about that, I admit. He often did go to bed of a night. What was remarkable, however, was that exactly as the clock of the villiage church chimed the last stroke of twelve my brother-in-law woke up with a start and felt himself quite unable to go to sleep again. " Joe (his Christian name was Joe) sat up in bed and looked around. " At the foot of the bed something stood very still, wrapped in shadow. " It moved into the moonlight, and then my brother-in-law saw that it was the figure of a wizened little old man in knee-breeches and a pigtail. " In an instant the story of the hidden trea sure and the old miser flashed across his mind. "'He's come to show me where's its hid,' thought my brother-in-law, and he resolved that he would not spend all his money on him self, but would devote a small percentage of it towards doing good to others. " The apparition moved towards tbe door. My brother-ui-law put on his trousers and fol lowed it. The ghost went downstairs into the kitchen, glided over and stood in front of the hearth, sighed and disappeared. "Next morning Joe had a couple of brick layers in and made them haul out the stove and phll down the chimney while he stood behind with a potato s&ok; in which to put the gold. " They knocked down halfttie wall and never found so much as a f ourpenny bit. My brother- in-law did not know what to think. " The next night the old man appeared again, and again led the way into the kitchen. This time, however, instead of going to the fire place, it stood more in the middle of the room and sighed there. " ' Oh, I see what he means now !' said my brother-in-law to himself ; 1 it's under the floor. JiJ Alt a a! J i J 1 a4 a>a at An iin AfeotflD Yuy uiu uio viu iviivbgv auu dkuiu ujj agaiuos the stove, so a& to make me think it was up the chimney ?" " They spent th8 next day in taking up the kitchen floor, but the only thing they found was a three-pronged fork, and the handle of that was broken. " On the third night tbe ghost re-appeared, quite unabashed, and for a third time made for the kitchen. Arrived there, it looked up at the ceiling and vanished. "'Umph! he don't seem to have learned much sense where he's been to,' muttered Joe, as he trotted back to bed; 'I should have thought he might have done that at first.' "fstili there seemed no doubt now where tbe treasure lay, and the first thing after breakfast they started' pulling down the ceding. They got every inon of the ceiling down and they took np the boards of the room above. "They discovered about as much treasure as you would expect to find in an empty quart ,pot. "On the fourth night, when the ghost appeared, as usual, my brother-in-law was so wild that he threw his boots at it, and the boots psed through the body and broke a looking glass. .... . "-On the fifth night, when Joe awoke, ub he always did now at twelve, the ghost was stand- 2 aAAtAnfSa IAAMMM wesw WIISAS. mg 111 a UOJWM3U MSISUUP, tvunxug V Cljr UU9W able. There was an appealing look in its large, sad eyes that quite touched my brother-in-law. " ' After all,' he thought, 4 perhaps the silly chap's doing his best. Maybe he has Yorgotten where he really did put it, ai d is trying to re member. I'll give bun another chance. " The ghost appeared grateful and delighted at seeing. Joe. prepare to follow him, and led the way into the attic, pointed to the ceiling, and vanished. " Well, he's futitthtsi£me, I dp hope, '-said my brother-in-law ; and next day they set to work to take the roof off the place. " It took them three days to get the roof thoroughly off, and all they found was a bird's > nest, after securing which they covered up the house with tarpaulin, to keep it dry. ' " You might have thought that would have cured the poor fellow of looking for treasure. But it didn't. "He said there must be something in it all or tbe ghost would never keep on coining as it did, and that having gone so far he would go on to the end and solve the mystery, cost what it might. " Night after night he would get out of his bed and follow the spectral old fraud about the house. Each uight the old man would indicate a different place, and on each following day my brother-in-law would proceed to break up the mill at the point indioated and look for the SACRED - to the MEMORY EMILY. Her last words were 41 Tell Johuson l love him." trearure. At the end of three weeks there was not a room in the mill fit to live in. Every wall had -been pulled down, every, floor had been taken, up, every ceiiing had had a hole . v knocked in it. And then, as suddenly as they had begun, the ghost's visits ceased, and my brother-in-law was left in peace, to rebuild the place at his leisure. . £ " What induced the old image to play such a silly trick upon a family man and a ratepayer? . Ah ! That's just what I cannot tell you. " Some said that the ghost of the. wicked old man had done it to punish my brother-in-law for not believing in him at first, while other held that the apparition waa probably that ol of some deceased local plumber and glazier, , who would naturally take an interest in seeing a house knocked about and spoiled. Bat nobody knew anything foroertam." INTERLUDE, We had some mora punoh, and then the curate told us a story. I could not make head or tail of the curate's story, so I cannot retail it to you. We none of us could make head or tail of that story.. It was a food story enough, so far as material went, "here seemed to be an enormous amount of plot, end enough incident to have made a dozen novels. I never before heard a story containing so much incident nor one dealing with so many varied characters. I should say that every human bring our curate had ever known or met or heard of was brought into that story. There were simply hundreds of them. Every five seconds he would introduce into the tale a completely fresh colic o- " tion of characters, accompanied by a brand-new - set. of incidents. This was tbe sort of -storv it was : " Well, then, my uncle went into the garden- and got his gun, but, of conrse, -it wasn't there, ana Scroggins said he didn't believe it." "Didn't believe what ? Who was Seroggi " Scroggins 1 Oh. why he was the other man, you know — It was his wife." " What was his wife ? What's she got to do with it?" " Why, that's what I'm telling vou. It. .was she that found the hat. She'd come up with her cousin to London— her cousin was my sister-in- law, and the other niece had .married a man named Evans, and Evans, -after-it whs ell over, had taken the box round to Mr. Jacob's, becauan J acob's father had seen the an when he was alive and when he. was. dead, Joseph — — " " Now, look here, never you mind Evans and the box. What's become of your uncle and the gun?!' "The gun! What gun?" " Why, the gun that your uncle used to keep in the garden, and that wasn't there. What did he do with it ? Did he kill any of these people with it, these Jacobses and Evanses and Scsogginses and J osephses ? Because if so it was a good and useful work, and we should, enjoy hearing about it.'' "No. Oh, no. How could he? He had been built up alive in the wail, you know, and when Edward VI. spoke to the Abbot about it my sister said that in her then state of health she could not and would not, as it waa endangering the child's life. So they christened it Horatio, after her own son, who had been killed at Waterloo before he was born, and Lord Napier himself said" "Look here. Do you know what you are talking about?" we asked him at this point. He said " No." . But he knew every word of it was true, because his aunt had seen it herself. Whereupon we covered him over with a table cloth and he went to sleep. And then uncle told us a 6tory. Uncle said his was a real story. IV. — The Ghost of the Blue Chamdeb. " I don't want to make vou fellows nervous,' began my nncle in a peculiarly impressive, not to say blood-curdling tone of voice, " and if you would rather that I did not mention it I won't; but, as a matter of fact, this-- very house in which we are now sitting is haunted. ' 1 " You don't say that " exclaimed Mr. Coombes. ' . " What's the use of your saying- 1 don't say it when I have just said ifr.P" retorted my uncle, somewhat pettishly. " Yon do talk 69 foolishly. I tell you the house is haunte<L Regularly on Christmas Eve the . blue cham- ber," they called the room next to the nursery the " blue chamber," at my uncle's, most of the toilet service being of that shade, "is haunted by the ghost of a sinful man— a man who once killed a Christinas wait with a lump ofccaL" , "How did he do it?" asked Mr. Coombes, with eaer noxiousness. " Was it difficult P" " I do not know how he did it," replied my uncle ; " he did not explain the process. The wait had taken up. a position just inside the front gate, and was singing a ballad. It was presumed that when he opened his' mouth for B fiat the lump of coal was thrown by the sinful man from one of the windows, and that it went down the wait's throat ami choked him." " Yon want to be a good shot, but it Is cer tainly worth trying," murmured Mr. Coombes, thoughtfully. " But that Was not his only -crime , alas ! ' added my uncle. " Prior to that he bad killed a solo' cornet player." " No 1 Is that really a fact ?" exclaimed Mr. Coombes. v " Of course it's a fact ?" answered my uncle testily ; " at alio vents as much a fact as you can expe t to get in a case of this sort. " How very captions you are this evening. The circumstantia evidence was overwhelming The poor fellow, tee. cornet player, bad been in the neighbourhood barely a month. Old My. Bishop who kept 4 The Jolly Sand Boys' at tee time, and from whom I had tee story, said be had never known a more hard-working and energetic solo cornet-player. He; the eGraafc- plaver, only knew two tunes, but Mr. Bishop said teat the man oould not have played with more vigour or for more hours a day it he h$d known forty. Hie two tunes he dio play' were Annie Laurie and Home. Sweet. Home,' and as regarding his performance of the former melody Mr. Bishop said that a mere child could have told what it was meant for. "This musician — this poor, friendless artist — used to come regularly and play ih. this street just opposite for two hours every evening. One evening he was seen, evidently in respouse to an invitation, going: into this very house; bat was never astro coming put of it !" " Did the townsfolk, try offering .any reward . for his recovery ?" asked Mr. Coombes. " Not a ha-penny," replied my uncle. " Another summer," continued my uncle, " a German band visited here, intending, so they announced on their arrival, to stay till tee autumn. ; " On the second day from their arrival, tee whole company, as fine and healthy a body of men hs one could wish to see, were invite-J to dinner by this sinful man, and, after spending the whole of the next twenty-four hours in bed, left the town a broken and dyspeptic crew, ths parish doctor who had attended them giving it as his opinion that it was doubtful if they would, ( any of them, be fit to play an tii " You — you don't know the recipe, do yo« ?" asked Mr. Coombes. " Unfortunately I do not," replied my trade : . . - - r -"tinttoanhieftogreclient wassitfd to have been \- BeulwHyirtfteshme&t; xoompork pie. ' " ;' I ioiget oUiwwMBM," «y amcle went on. ' I osod to- fcnow thpm all at pno time, bat my memory is not wLat it was Is do mot, however, believe l am doinghismemory «i in jiiatroft nn halieving'that he WM not en tirely flnrtmnehted with the death and sub- seqaeut burial of a gentle men who used to play the harp with his oea, and Jfchht neither was he alt»geth«CAiniespon8iblef orthe lonely_grave of an unknown strabger who hadpndfe visited the neigh hooi"t>d'-anvltai)anipeasant lad, a : per- iorm tipon thebairsi orgaii. < > r- 4k Every UhitemasIEi' said my uncle, , denying with low, impressive tones the strange, awed suenoo that, like a shade w, >eeemed to have slowly stolen into .and, settled do wn upon the room, "toeghoatofthisrinf ul man haunts the blue chamber in this , very house. There, fawn midnight tua.tiicockcrow, amid wild, muffled shrieks. a»d ..groans and mocking laughter, and . the qghhstly iound. of . homd blows, it does fierce .phantom fight with the epirits of the solo cornet-player and the murdered wait, assisted at intervals by the: ghades of the Gerufan band ; while the ghost Of the strangled harpist plays mad, ghostly melodies with ghostly tones on the ghost of a "broken harp.' Uncle said the blue, chamber was compara tively useless as a sleeping apartment on Christ mas Eve. - . 44 Hark !' said my uncle, raising a warning hand towards the ceiling, while we held our breath an listened- "Hark! I believe they are at it now— m the bine chamber !" I rose up aud said that I would sleep in the Hue chamber. Before I tell you -my- own story, however — the story of - what happened in the bine chamber — I would-w.ish.to preface it with . \ V. — A Personal Explanation. I feel a good deal of hesitation about telling yon thin story of my own. You see it is not a story like the other stories that I have been telling von, or rather that Teddy Biffles, Mr. Coombe8, and my uncle have been telling you ; it iB a true story. It is not a story told by a person sitting round a fire on Christmas Eve, orinking whiskey punch ; it is a record of events that actually happened. Indeed, it iB not a " story" at all in the com monly accepted meaning of the word ; it is a report. It is, I feel, almost out of place in a book of this kind. It is more suitable to a biography or an English history. There is another thing that makes it difficult for me to tell you this story, and that i9 that it fs all about myself. In telling you this story I shall have to keep on talking about myself, and talking about ours- Ives is what we modern day authors have a strong objection to doing. If we literary men of the new school have one praiseworthy yearning more ever present to our minds than another it is the yearning never to appear in the slightest degre ) egotistical, I myself, as I am told, carry tiiis coyness— this shrinking reticence concerning anything connected with my own personality — almost too far ; and people grumble at me because of it. People come to me and say, 44 Well, now, why don't you talk about yourself a bit? That's what we want to read about, Tell us something about yourself." But I have always replied " No." It is not that I do not think the subject an interesting one. I cannot myself conceive of any topic more likely to prove fascinating to the world as a whole, or. at all events, to the cultured por- tion of it. But I will not do it on principle. It is inartistic, and it sets a bad example to the younger men. Other writers (a few of them) do it, I know : but I will not— not as a rule. Under ordinary circumstances, therefore, I should not toil you this story at all. 1 should Say to myself : ' No ! it is a good story, it is a moral story, it is a .strange, weird, enthralling sort of a story ; and the public, I know, would like to hear it ; and I should like to tell it to fhem ; hut it is all about myself — about what I said,' and what I saw, and what I did, and I cannot do it. My. retiring, anti- egotistical nature will not permit me to talk in this way about myself ." But the circumstances surrounding this story are not ordinary, and there are reasons prompt ing me in spite of my modesty to rather wel come toe opportunity of relating it. As I stated in toe "beginning there has been unpleasantness in our family over this party of ours, and, as regards myself in particular and my share in toe events I am now about to set forth, grom injustice has been done me. As a means of replacing my character in its proper light — of dispelling toe clouds of calumny and misconception with which it has been darkened — 1 feel that my best course is to give & simple, dignified narration of the plain facts and allow toe unprejudiced to judge for theln- aelves. My chief object, I candidly confess, is to clear myself from unjust aspersion. Sparred by this motive— I think it is an honour able and a right motive— and I find I am enabled to overcome my usual repngnanoe to talking about myself and can thus tell VI. — My Own Story. As soon as my uncle had finished his story, I, as I have already tola yon, rose up and said that I would sleep in toe 44 blue chamber" that very night. . "Never!" cried my uncle, springing up. "You aboil hot put yourself in this deadly peril. Besides, the bed is not made." , 44 Never mind the bed," I replied. "I have lived m furnished apartments for gentlemen,' and have been accustomed to sleep on beds that have never been made from one year's end to toe other. Do not thwart me in my resolve,',' I replied. " I am young aud have had a clear, conscience now for over a month. The spirits will not harm me. I may even do them gome little good and induce them to be quiet and go away. Besides, I should like to see toe show." Saying which I eat down again. (How Mr. Ooombes came to- be in my chair instead of over On the other side of toe room, where he had been all the evening; and why he never offered to apologise -when I sat down on top of him ; and' why young Biffles should have tried to palm himself off upon me as my Uncle John and induce me, under that erroneous impression, to shake him by the hand for nearly three minutes andtell nim that I had always regarded him as father, are matters that to this day I have never been able to fully understand, They tried to dissuade me from what toey termed my foolhardy enterprise, but I remained firm and churned my privilege. I was " the guest." "The guest" always sleeps in the haunted chamber on Christmas Eve— it is his perquisite. They said that if I put it on that footing toey had of course, no answer; and toey lighted a candle for me, and accompanied me up stairs in a body. Whether elevated by the feeling that I was doing a noble action, or animated by a mere general consciousness of rectitnde, is not for me to Bay, but I went up stairs that night with re markable buoyancy. It was . as much as I could do to slop at the landing when I came to it. I f elt I wanted to go up to the roof . But, with the help of toe banisters, I restrained my ambition , wished them all good night, and went In and shut the door. Things began to go wrong with me from toe very firsts The caudle tumbled out of toe . candlestick before my hand was :off the lock. It kept on tumbling out of the candlestick, and e very .fime . I picked it up and put it in it tumbled out again. I neyer saw such a slippery candle. .. , I gafe up attempting to use the candlestick at last, and "earned toe candle about in my hand, and even then it would not. keep uprights So I got wild And torew it out of the window and undressed and went to bed in the dark. - . I did not go to sleep.. X did not feel sleepy at'alL Ilayon myback, looking up at the: ceiling and thinking of thmgs. : . t wish I could remember some of. the ldeas that came to me as t l£y there, because toeyydria to jimusing. I laughedatthem myself tilltkebed shobk. I had beehlyihj likb thief or half an hour or so, and had forgotten all " about toe ghost, when, on casually casting my eyeB round the rcbM;r,T uMSfifea time a singularly contented -looking phantom sitting in the easy — 1 , -Al, abx A# A laniw cnglv OJ 1UO Ulti; WUU&UI; tUti guvov Vi OAVtig clay pipe. I fancied for the moment, as most people would under similar Circumstances,' that X mast be dreaming- I sat. up and rubbed my eyes. - No ! Itwas a ghost clear enough. I could see the back of toe chair through his body. He looked toward me, took the shadowy pipe from his Lips and nodded. ' The most surprising part of the whole thing to me was that I did not feel in the least alarmed. If anything ! was rather pleaced to see him. It was company. I said, " Good evening. It's been a cold day." He said he had not noticed it himself, hut dared say I was right. We remained silent for a few seconds, and then, wishing to put it pleasantly, I said, " I believe I have the honour of addressing the ghost of the gentleman who had toe accident with the wait?" He smiled, and said itwas very good of me to remember it. One wait was not so much to Knosf. nf V»nf aHl! ptottt little helnedl wvwww www wwM w w J I was somewhat staggered at his answer. I had expected a groan of remorse. The ghost appeared, on the contrary, to be rather con ceited over the business. I thought that, as "he had taken my reference to toe wait so quietly perhaps he would not be offended if I questioned him about the organ grinder. I felt curious about that poor boy. " Is it true," I asked, 44 that you had a hand in the death of that Italian peasant lad who came to the town once with a "barrel organ that pl&ved; nothing but Scotch airs ?" He quite fired up. " Had' a hand in it !" he exclaimed, indignantly. " Who has dared to pretend that he assisted me ? I murdered the youth myself. Nobody helped me. Alone I did it. Show me the man who Bays I didn't.'r I calmed him. I assured him that I had never, in mv own mind, doubted that he was the real aud only assassin, and I went on and asked him what he had done with the body of the corhet player he had killed. He said, 44 To which one may you be allud ing?" "Oh, were there any more, then?" I in quired. He sthiled and gave a little con to. He said he did not like to appear to be boasting, but that, counting trombones, there were seven. " Dear me!" I replied, " you must have had quite a busy time of it one way and another." He said that perhaps he ought dot to be the one to say so, but that really, speaking of ordi nary- middle class society, he thought there were lew gnoses wno couia ioojc d&ck; upon a iiie ox more sustained usefulness. He puffed away in silence for a few seconds, while I sat watching him. I had never seen a ghost smoking a pipe before that 1 could remember, and it interested me. I asked him what tobacco he used, and he replied, "The ghoBt of cut cavendish, as a rule." He explained that the ghost of all the tobacco that a man smoked in life belonged to him when he became dead. He said he himself had smoked a good deal of cut cavendish when he was alive, so that he was well supplied with toe ghost of it now.' I observed that it was a useful thing to know that, and I made up my mind to smoke as much tobacco as ever I could before I died. I thought I might as welt start at once, so I said I would join him in aj>ipe, and' he said, 44 Do, old man," and I reached over and got out the necessary paraphernalia from my coat pocket and lit up. . We gfew quite'ehummy after that and he told me all his crimes. He said he had lived next door once to a young lady who was learn ing to play the guitar, while a gentleman who practised on the baas viol lived opposite. And he, with fiendish canmng, had introduced these two unsuspecting young people to one another, and had persuaded them to elope with each other against their parents' wishes, and take their instruments with, them; and they had done so, and before the honeymoon was over she had broken his head with toe bass viol, and he had tried to cram toe guitar down her throat and had injured her for life. . My friend said he used to lore muffin men into the passage and then stuff them with their own w;ares till they burst and died. He said he had quieted eighteen that way. Young men and women who recited long and dreary poems at evening parties, and callow youths who walked about toe streets late at night playingconoertinas, he used to get together and poison in batches pf ten, so as to save ex pense, and ' . perk orators and temperance lecturers 'he used to' shut up six in a small room with a "glass -.of .water and a collection box apiece and let them talk each other to death. - It did one good to listen to him. T nfikArl him when he exnectod Uia ntliar ghosts — toe ghosts of toe wait and the comet player and the German "band that Uncle John had mentioned. He smiled , and said they would never come again, any of them. I said, " Why, isn't "it true, then, that they meet you here every Christmas Eve for a TOW?" He replied that it was true. Every Christmas Eve for twenty five yeare had he and theyfought in that room; bat toey wouldneTer trouble him nor anybody else again. One . by one had he laid them out, spoilt, and utterly useless for all haunting purposes. He had finished off toe-last German nana ghost that very evening, just be fore I came upstairs, and had thrown what was left of it out through the slit between the window sashes. HesaXdit would never be worth calling a"JJhost again. " I suppose yon will etill come yourself, as usual F I said. 41 They would be sorry to miss you, I know." 41 Oh, I don't know," he replied ; 44 there's nothing much to come for now. Unless," he aided kindly, 44 you are going to be here. Ill come if you will sleep here next Christmas Eve." 44 1 have taken a liking to you," he con tinued. 44 You don't fly off, screeohing, when you see a party, aud your hair doesn't stand on end. You've no idea," he said; "how sick I am of seeing people'shair standing on end." He said it irritated him. Just then a slight noise reached us from the j yard below, and he started and turned deathly , black, "You are ill," I nried, springing toward him ; " tell me the best thing to do for you. Shall I drink Some brandy and give yon the ghost of it?" V . , He remained silent; listening mtentiy for a moment, and then he gave a sigh of xeiiei an the shade came babk to his cheek. _ "It's all right," he murmured; "I was afraid it was the cock." ,, w.v. 44 Oh, it's too early -for "that, I said. W hy , it's only toe middle of the night." "Oh, that- doeBn't make any difference to those, cursed chickens," ' he replied, . bitterly. 44 They would just as soon crowin toe middle of night as at any other time — -sooner, it they thought it would spoil a chap's evening out. I believe toey dcriton purpose." He said a - friend of his, the ghost of a man who had killed a. water-rate collector; used to haunt a house - in "Dong Acre" where toey kept ' fowls.in the cellar, and every, time a policeman went -by and flashed his bull's eye down the tharA wnuid -f ancv it was uuo vm wv» . . V toe sun and start crowing like -mad, when, or course, the poor ghost had to dissolve, and it would, in consequence, get back home Bome- times as early as 1 o'clock in the morning, swearing fearfully because it had only been out for an hour. l agreed that it seemed very unfair. < : 44 Oh, it's an absurd arrangement altogether, he continued, quite angrily. 4 4 1 can't imagine what our old man could nave been thinking of when he made it. As I have said to him over and over again, 4 Have a fixed time and let everybody stick to.it — say 4 o'clock in summer and 6 in winter. Then one would know what one was about.' " 44 How do you manage when there isn't any cock handy ?" I inquired. He was on the point of replying, when again he started and listened. This time I distinctly heard Mr. Bowles's cock, next door, crow twice. 44 There you are," he said,, raising and reaching for his hat ; 44 that's the sort of thing we have to put up with. What is the time ?'' I looked at mv watch and found that it was half-past 3. . " I thought as much," he muttered. 44 I'll wring that blessed bird's neck off if I get hold of it." And he prepared to go. 44 If you can wait half a ' minute," I said, getting out of bed, 44 I'll go a bit of toe way with you." ' ' 44 It's very good of you," he. rejoined, pausing, 44 hut it seems unkind to drag you out." 44 Not at all," I replied, 44 1 shall like a walk." And I partially dressed myself and took my umbrella, and he put his arm through mine and we went out together. Just by the: gate we met Jones, one of the local constables. . . _ 44 Good night, Jones," I said (I always feel affable at Christmas time). 44 Good night,, sir,' ' answered toe man a little fruffiy, I thought. 44 May I ask what you're a oingof?" - - 44 Oh. it's all right," Iresponded with a wave of my utnbrella ; 44 Fm just seeing my friend part of the way home." He said, 44 What friend ?" 44 Oh, ah, of course," I laughed, 44 1 forgot. He's invisible to yo'u. - He is the ghost of the gentleman that killed the wait. I'm just going to .toe corner with him." " Ah, I don't think I would, if I was you, \- sir," said Jones, severely. 44 If you take my advice, you'll say good-bye to your friend here and go bac# indoors. . Ferhaps you are not aware that you are walking about with uuuiiug ou uut a uigut buiti atiu a pair ui lkious and an opera hat. W here's your trousers ?' ' I did not like the man's manner at all. I said : — 44 Jones, I don't wish to have to report yen, bntitseems to me you've been drinking. My trousers are where a man's trousers ought to be — on his legs. I distinctly remember put ting them on." 44 Well, you haven't got them ou now," he retorted. 44 1 beg your pardon," I replied. 44 1 tell you I have. I think I ought to know." 44 1 think so too," he answered, 44 but you evidently , don't. Now, you come along in doors with me, and don't let's have any more of it" Uncle John came to toe door at this point, having been awakened, I suppose, by the al tercation, and at that same moment Aunt Maria appeared at the window in ner nightcap. . I explained the constable's mistake to them, treating the matter as lightly as I could, se as not to get the man into tronble, and I turned for confirmation to the ghost. He was gone ! He had left me without a word — without even saying good-bye ! It struck me as so unkind, his having gone off in th&tjwhy;, that I burst into tears; and Uncle John came out and led me hack into toe house. On reaching my room I discovered that Jones was right. I had not pnt on my trousers after all. They were still hanging over toe bed rail. I suppose, in my anxiety not to keep the ghost waiting, I must have folgotten them. Such are toe plain facts of toe case out of which it must, doubtless to the healthy, charit able mind appear impossible that calumny could spring. Bat it has. Persons— I say 44 persons"— have professed themselves unable to understand toe simple circumstances herein narrated, except in the light of explanations at once misleading and in sulting. Slurs have . been cast and aspersions made on me hy those of my own. flesh and blood. . .... But I bear no TD feeling. I merely, as I have said, set forth this statement for the purpose of clearing mv ch racter from iniurimiR nn«rmy>rtn — hew Fork World. 