CONVICT LIFE NORFOLK ISLAND AUTHENTIC RECORDS. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] No. 5 A NIGHT SCENE The contrast between day and night at the gaols on Norfolk Island was one of the most striking it is possible to im- agine. Whilst daylight lasted the scene was one of great animation. The tramp of inumer- able feet' the loud orders of those in Com- mand, mingled with the hoarse challenges of the guard and the dismal clank, clank of the ironed convicts made a perpetual din. Too often, indeed, these sounds were added to by the wild shrieks, or dull moans of the wretches being flogged, for scarcely a day passed without the triangles being in use, and the whistle of the lash was the most familiar of music to the felons. After darkness set in the transformation was complete. A silence as of the grave settled over all. The convicts were securely locked, and perhaps chained, in their cells, and forbidden to speak under severe punish- ment. The turnkeys moved noiselessly about with padded boots, for that gave them an opportunity to detect any breeches of the regulations on the part of the prisoners. A zealous warder did not con- sider he had done his duty unless he was able to report one or two felons each night for some trivial offence or another. There was a sort of emulation between them in that respect, and it was little matter whether the charges were true or not. If the turnkey said they were it was no use for the hapless prisoner to deny them. On the night of 13th October, 1846 - the day on which the twelve mutineers had been executed - Father Murphy, the Catholic chaplain, was standing in the corridor of the old gaol. The silence was almost oppressive. Inside the prison nothing could be heard, whilst outside only the muffled boom made by the ocean lapping on the reefs broke upon the ear. The worthy priest was thus standing, wrapped in his thoughts which, judging from the events of the day, could have been no cheerful ones, when a turnkey glided up to him as noiselessly as a ghost. This fellow was named Sadleir, and he afterwards be- came notorious by robbing one of the others (Mr Waters) of £700. He was both an ac- complished and a brutal villain, and at this time he held a third-class pass, and was in receipt of two shillings a day. Father Murphy had a considerable dislkie to Sadleir, but being of rather a genial nature he en- tered into conversation with him. "How quiet the gaol is tonight. It al- most seems as if the place is deserted," he remarked. " I don't think it will ever be entirely de- serted, for if the settlement is abolished, as the talk goes, the ghost of many a felon will haunt it," answered Sadleir. "I hope, my man, they may never haunt you," was the sharp reply. The turnkey did not appear to relish this allusion to his "life swearing away," pro- pensities, and turned the conversation by saying: "I think, sir, I am entitled to some credit for the silence which reigns here. When I am in charge I strictly carry out my duty, and the prisoners know it." "I daresay they do," Father Murphy dryly answered. While they were thus speaking in a muffled tone Sadlier suddenly remarked; "I hear some one speaking now, but I \know who the fellow is and I'll soon slop him." Going to some pegs, which were in the wall close by, he took from one of them a curious looking srticle, it was like a small piece of harness, and at first sight would create surprise in the mind of the beholder of to imagine what animal of the brute creation existed of so diminutive a size as to permit of its use. In appearance it resembled a very small bridle, perfect in head, hand, throat lash &c.;, and on enquiry it would be found that it was intended for use on a fellow crea- ture. attached to it is a round piece of ironwood four inches in length by one amd a half inches in diameter. This again is secured in a broad strap of leather to cross the mouth. In the wood is a small hole, and when used this piece of wood is inserted in the mouth, the small hole being the only breathing space. When the whole is secured with the various straps and buckles a more complete bridle in resemblance could not well be imagined. It was, in short, the spring gag - one of the instruments used for tortuting the unhappy prisoners in the penal settle- ment. The turnkey took down the little gaol auxillary, and followed by the priest - who, in fact, had never yet seen the application of this torture - went to a cell occupied by a convict named Rooney. This man was stone blind, and the poor wretch was a mere human wreck from disease and ill-treat- ment. On entering the cell, Rooney was found lying on his straw mat undressed, and to all appearance asleep. Sadleir, roughly calling him by name, told the blind old man to get up and dress himself. With a surprised ex- pression on his sightless face Rooney did so, and then followed the turnkey into the yard, where Sadlier inserted the ironwood gagin the convict's mouth. When that was done the working of the instrument was at once apparent, for the sound produced in the violent effort to breathe through the small hole resembled a half-stifled whistle. The victim only got about half the proper supply of air, and it was quite evident that if the gag were inserted for any considerable time suffocation would ensue. After this operation, Sadleir took his half- stifled prisoner to a lamp-post in the yard and placed his back against it. The old man's arms were then taken round the post and secured by a pair of handcuffs to it. The night was very chilly, for in such a climate, though the days are hot the nights invariably are cold. Rooney wore a light jacket open in front, and the priest, noticing that the an was shivering, (he had just been taken out of a warm cell) went to him and buttoned the coat up to his throat, at the same time speaking a few kind words to cheer him. Al- though the convict could neither speak or see, the gift of hearing was not denied him, and as Father Murphy wpoke the tears rolled from his sightless eyes to think that someone yet felt for his miserable and frlon con- dition. There is no doubt that even the most hardened villain can be more easily won to reformation by judicious kindness than by brutal severity, and this fact alone is sufficient to condemn the system which obtained at the colonial penal settlement. "How long are you going to keep Rooney in this position?" the priest at length asked the turnkey. "I'll give him four hours for a change. Last time he only got three hours," replied Sadleir. "You surely don't mean that. The man will die under it. I've heard the doctor say that three hours is more than enough of this punishment." Murphy vehemently an- swered: "There is no fear of him dying. He'll live to have the gag many a time yet. Be- sides, he shouldn't break the regulations," was the heartless reply. "I believe the man is perfectly innocent, and I shall at once see the commandant," said Father Murphy, as he turned away. When he found the governing officer he told him what had just been done, but the commandant treated the matter lightly. "Do you think that a man of Sadleir's stamp should have power to inflict such punishment as the gag at his pleasure?" the priest asked. "I regard him as a reliable man, and it would be impossible for me to attend to every little breach of discipline that occurs. Rooney should not have talked, and he would not be punished," answered the command- ant. "I am certain the man was not talking, and if brutal fellows like Sadleir are allowed to use the gag there may be a repition of Ryan's case," replied Murphy. The commanding officer did not relish this allusiion to Ryan's case, whose death was hastened by the gag, and bidding the clergy- man good evening he went from the gaol to his quarters. The priest was determined not to leave Rooney to his fate, and he went in search of Doctor Everett. It was far on towards midnight, however, when that gentleman was found, and the two went to the yard where the convict was handcuffed to the lamp-post. He was still there, as the four hours had not yet ex- pired. The moment the doctor looked at him he signalled for a turnkey, and hastily began to unloose the bridle. The most ignorant onlooker could see that there was no time to lose. The emaciated pale face of the convict was hideously swollen and purple, and it was evident that he was in the last stage of suf- focation. Of course, he was not strong, and his vitality was low, but each treatment was calculated to kill the strongest. In half a minute the gag was taken out, and Sadleir came hurrying to the spot and unlocked the handcuffs. Rooney would have fallen to the ground had he not been supported, and Everett sternly ordered the turnkey to take the convict to the hospital, and not back to the cell. "If I thought you would be punished for it I would let the poor wretch die, as he would be far better off, but, under the cir- cumstances, I will not do so," the medical officer angrily said. As they proceeded down the yard towards the hospital, the ominous sound of the stiffled whistle fell upon the priest's nervous ears, and, glancing in the direction of the noise, he was startled to see another pri- soner bound to a post and, without doubt, gagged. He instantly drew Everett's attention to it, and, leaving Rooney in charge of a con- stable who had come to them, they went to the post, and there, sure enough, was the potent gag at work again. "Who did this?" asked the doctor of Sadleir, who had followed them. "The man would not be quiet, and I was forced to do it. I must do my duly," was the answer. On looking closely at the prisoner the priest said. "Why, this is O'Neill. Surely you might have let him end his few hours on earth in peace." O'Neill was one of the remaining muti- neers, lying under sentence of death, and, when the doctor found who it was, he ordered the turnkey to release him imme- diately. When he was able to speak the convict solemnly assured those around him that he was lying quietly asleep when Sadleir en- tered his cell, aroused him, and, without any explanation, dragged him out and gagged him. O'Neill was taken back to his cell, and Doctor Everett and Father Murphy pro- ceeded to the hospital to see Rooney. He was still unconscious, and it was only after an hour's unremitting attention that he partly recovered his senses. The clergyman and the doctor arranged to meet next morn- ing—or rather, the ame morning, for it was long after midnight when they separated— and enter a strong protest against Sadleir having the power to inflict such punishment as he had that night. Along with the Reverend Mr. Williams they waited on the civil commandant at ten o'clock, and put the case strongly before hlm. "I may tell you, sir, that the men's lives are not safe in the hands of such a man. I am not certain yet that Rooney will survive his treatment of last night, protested the doctor. " That man has been dying for months, and you should not blame Sadleir if he goes off," the commandant coldly answered. " But, surely you do not think it proper to torture a dying man ?" the priest asked. "There is no torture about it. The punishment is perfectly legal, and the law does not allow torture." "I beg your : pardon, sir," broko in Everett. "I think the gag should be abolished and if Commissioner Moore asks my opinion of it, I will tell him so." "Well, gentlemen, if the head authorities decide to stop its use, well and good. I am responsible for discipline here, and I may tell you that I will not interfere with present arrangements. The deputation of humane gentlemen with- drew from the commandant's presence, sorely disappointed at the result of the inter- view, but each of them were quite deter- mined not to let the matter rest where it was. Their only hope lay in the commissioner, but that gentleman, who had now been a fortnight on the island, had as yet done absolutely nothing towards his mission. If the truth must be told, he seemed to have entered upon a prolonged spree, which was rather encouraged than otherwise by most of the officials who had any lapse to hide. They were evidently determined that he should leave the island as wise as when he landed on it, and there was every prospect that their wishes would be realised, as he fell very easily into the trap. The three gentlemen separated, after com- ing to an understanding that on the first favourable opportunity they would place their views strongly before Mr Commissioner Moore. Mr. Williams, who had been in attendance most of the previous night on a dying prisoner, went over to a small summer house which stood in the barrack grounds, and, seating himself on a small rustic bench in it, placed his feet on a small table opposite, and was soon buried in a profound reverie on the misery and wretchedness around him. He had been in this position about ten minutes, when he was suddenly startled by Commissioner Moore rushing into the sum- mer house, who seized him by each foot and rudely dragged him along the seat and then let him drop on the ground. As the clergy- man rose, the excited commissioner dealt a severe blow in the mouth which knocked out two of his teeth. The man of peace could not quietly submit to such an unprovoked attack, and, being a muscular Christian, he returned the blow with interest. Just at this moment some of the officers came in and seized Moore, who was evidently not responsible for his actions. Although the commissioner heartily apologised for his conduct the next day, the contretemps put an end to any hope of assistance from that quarter in sending Turnkey Sadleir to the right about, but where man failed Providence apparently stepped in and succeeded. No reoord is extant, however, as to whether the inhuman scoundrel was treated in the same brutal manner that he used to treat those under his command. In fact, it is to be feared that such was not the case, or some one would have been sure to have taken pleasure in handing the fact down to posterity. Three days after his brutal treatment of Rooney and O'Neill, he was caught red-handed in the act of robbing Mr Waters, one of the officials. He actually had £700 in his posses- sion belonging to Waters, and, in addition to a flogging and a dose of the gag, he re- ceived a long term of imprisonment, which effectually precluded him ever enacting another night scene such as here des- cribed. "The Reef Gang" will be the title of the next week's convict incident. In this gang only the most desperate prisoners were sup- posed to be placed, but it was frequently made the medium of the revenge of gaolers against innocent men. 