Violent Emotions. Di'mocdins now, and anon Ilernclltivi. ICiitKiE White. ' To the Eniron.--Sir, — You lientd from mo an Saturday last, hut I was somoboly olio tlion, in fuot I was Demooritns," laughing myself almost into hp t erica at the mnrrelloiis suooess of three euvorat attempts to "raise the wind" for the o| pressid, down-trodden shooters, the three huge endeavours bringing into the box a gross total of 15s. 8d. My laugbtor was an consuming, und oausod withal eo strong a strain upon my body, yon will not wander that bb the reooiion oamo it left me more and more exhausted ; noithor will yon wonder ihat, so far as my exhaustion would allow, I cursed the men who had been tho canse oi this trouble to mo. &.a night oamo on, however, I gathered strength euQiuiont to ronss mysidf with tho resolve I will go forth into the still night air. And tuko i bo culmnees of tho watching stars Into my soul, and forth I fared. Ah, mo I bad I but known ! Bottar would it havo boon for mo to hove borne with patience tho penalty of laughter than rush as I did, in my quest of oalm, iuto grief and weeping— but man, area a philoso pher, is but short bightod— myopic, I moon, Well, as I said above in other words, I went out, and to bo brief, I wont right down O.ceon street, heedless of tho misb of beauty aud brazennees, of ohivalry and aheek wbiah I mat there, and on to tbe vaoant piece of land noar tho bottom of Wharf street, when and where I saw a company of people, men and women, gathered round threoorfonrflambeiux, turohos if yon like ; and drawing noar tbo oainpany I found, I fanoy, about 80S pooplo all told, many of them liko myself, thero from mors curiosity, and having no slightest sympathy with the object of tho mooting. I got in among the people, and I heard a voico running about over my head, for I am but short ; tbo voloo was tho voioo of a poorly oduontod Irirhrain, but as to his name 1 oanoot hero speak positively, fur as I oould not see the man I could bo guided only by what was said by thoso abont mo. "Bay-more," "Sea mote," or something of- that sort, I fanoy, but nover mind the names- call him what yon like. The most important thing now ie what ho said, and as to this, ho quickly opened the fonutain of my tears, for the absurdity of what ho said was supreme ; ' he spoke of the equattere as men who wanted to grind down tho ehoatora and labourers, and who, worse than all, wanted to introduae: Chinamen to do their work. Tho folly, not of this man, for that wob natural, but of '.ho men who, standing round, gave somo slight1 Bhadow of a oheor to what he said. Poor fools — a little ol up- trap, prudently mixed with 1 quantum suj/icit of lie, glides glibly down thoir wide gullots. Then this soro.tnor sstd some thing abont Sir Ssmuol Grifli-.h, and thereupon a few of the mob boo-hoood. I oannot say this made my tears run any faster, for, for my relief, I thought any fool oau boo boo, and none bnt fools do boo-hoo. This man finishod with something about one man ono vote, and the Government syetom of Immigration — or emigration, 1 oould not fairly oatoh the word, and then he otoppod, ocaeed, sat down, or something of the eort, louving me sobbing at the gullibility of my fellow men. Then oame up another fellow, 1 oould not sea him, so had to trust again to olhor folks for tho name ; it sounded like "Mob.it," or "Nab.it," or " Bill," and ho seomod to bo sulfariog from "Telographnbia,",or "Brontnallophobia." Tho attook wob evidently very aouto, poor follow, and it quite throw him out of gear. It npBot bis memory, for when ho oamo to doal with tho instructions whioh had boon published referring to tho Aot passed in tho reign of George IV., that George IV. was mad. Now, I never hoard that bofore. I bad read that Qoorge III. suffered in that way j but none but thoso having the qualities neoessary to mako np a devil, ever spoak jocularly of auoh a visitation. As to his Mujoaty Qcorgo IV., I believe ho was a very lively follow, with u fiou faculty for tho admiration of lino women ; bnt then, would Mob-it, or Nub-it, or whatovor his name in, would be have been any bettor if he had been in Georgo's position P Then tho at tack of tbe ullmoat obsourod his sonsos, for ho evidently wuntcd to persuade his hearers that tho mid George passed tho obnoxious Act. Whcu, unites ho is idiotic, bo must know I hat tha king- did not do it at all, bnt Parlia ment did, and a Parliament comprising men who, in oomparison with tho present idols of tho "Mob-it" class, wero giants. But wh»t most caused mo grief and weeping wob this tpouler'ti soreeoh tbat, by reviving this Aot, tho Government wub trying to put us baok nearly 100 years. My sorrow waa tbat tho gaping crowd about him did not seem to fool that tho leaders of the meeting wero trying to pat ns berk several aenturies, trying hard to resurroot tbo tyrannies whioh Rrltishers thought to ho long ago doed and buried. Whon this orator (uoetht on second syllabic, please) was trying to be bntd on the newspspers, ho insistod that thoy took' the ' course thoy have takon booauso it —pays.' (" Doth- tbo moon oaro for' tho barking of u dogf") A workmau, who, with his wife, stood by mo, turned nwsy ot tbie point, saying, "It'B spouting as pays." Ah I eo il is ; and that mado my tears flow tho faster. This obap retired, aud auothor fellow eamo to tho front, and through a oloft in tho orowd I was able to soe him. Ho looked sleokand well to do. Looked as though ho was wall fod, end was on good terms with hima>lf. As to bis natno, well, judging from tho remarks of somo who stood near mo, it must be either Oasoy, or Caroy, or Curtis, or Brady, or Fabius of iooeseant prate, or something oleo, and aooord- irgto the remarks of the eamo persons, this man had been lota o' things— suoh as a oar swabber, a miner, a wharf labourer, an organ grinder, or organiser, I ooutd not quito oatoh t, and over eo many other things. Ho most bo studying mnsio now, for have I not seen a jiuiio taken into his house siuee ho bcosmo the set thing — that is to soy, tho thing that ho is now. This makes mo think it mast be organ- grinder ; end, yet, as ho spoke of tho Worker ub an organ, it might have something to do with that. Uiod mo, I don't objnut to this man studying music, it is an elevating pursuit, aud familiarity with tho harmony ot swoot sounds may wean hiseoal from lower aims and pui suits Anyway, this Oasoy- vel-Oirey- vol Cult's vol-Brady-vel- Fabius of iuass-aut prnte-vel- Bomiithing elo, waa suffering like Mob-it-voi-Nub-it, from Tolcgrxphobi i and Preninallopbubis, nod tho ailment sooined in hi- onpo also to blind end bofool bim. Can this bo tha man who reorntly appraised his almrajter value at £'2,500, and a ooul-beud'.d jury oruslly toll him it was worth but twenty notes? B it among tbe listening orowd wero soma iu as bud easo as he, for now and again thoy raised the wretched ghost of a oheor— a sick'y and a siokening eort of burst. At this point— I roeau whilo this man wae etill prating— I oould ondure no more, to copious my tours, so overwhelming my grief at the folly of my fellowmcn, allow ing themselves to bo lod by such " a-Hea," that, bitterly thinking of tha morrow whon I must pay the inevitable penalty of this lioavy strain npon my emotions, I withdrew to my homo that, perchance, I might in peaoeful rest flod . snrccaso of sorrow. I withdraw mo to my horn-, feeling that here in Queensland now we nood not one Heraelitns only, to weep for the follies of his fellows, not ous only, but a big com pany ot tbem, euoh having at oomtnaud a eeerroir, avorv Bnoggera and Gold Creek of tears, so vast tho folly, so brutal tho bearing of these men in our midst. "Oh! that my head were waters, aud mino eyes a fountain of tears."— Tours, &e.;, Hl!IUCLTIU3. 