COSTLY INDIAN WANS. (frost the oi.oce-ddiocrat.) Siuco tho <itli July, 1775, when this Govern, muut bo gun, tho Indians havo cost tho united States a thousand million dollars. When tho old Foquot chief met tho Pilgrim Fatliors ujir Plymouth ltock, andBatd, ' welcome, juumm men," ho spoko for 1,0110,000 Indians, lhat was the cstiiimtod number of tho red race then living within whuturo now tho bounds of the United States. Aud so it appears that to date tho act of dispossessing tho aborigines has cost l,U00dol. for every buck, squaw, and papoose , living on the soil when tho white man caine® Tnoso uro rouna nguresuuirnoy are very closo to tho exact, record.' .Threo yeara ago Mr. Tom Donaldson, who is now m charge of tho Indira census mado a careful com pilation. IIo showed that from itli July, lno, to 30th Juno, 1880. tho liuliaus had cost tho Government 929,239,23 l02dol. It is sufo to sav that tho four years added to tho record siuco Mr. Donaldson's researches will bring tho figures up closo to ono thousand millions. Plus enormous amount is about one- third of what the war of tho rebellion cost. One-third of the ono thousand millions has been spent in pacify ing and civilising Indians. Two-thirds of the ono thousand millions havo been absorbod iu fighting Indians. SenHtorDcoiittle.ottViscon-iin, onco vent ilated this Indian war business. He waain tho Scnato when it wfb proposed to uegotiuto a pctico with tho Navajoes. Several other senators do murred to tho cost of tho proposed treaty. Air. Doolittlo told them something about tho cost ot Indian wars. At tho samo timo ho gave somo interesting fncts about tho origin of thoso Indian wars. What is known as tho great Sioux war sturtod in 1852. At that timo thoro wns perfect pcaco on tho plains. Somo Mormons wcro driving thoir cattlo towards Salt Lake. Near Fort Laramio was a gathering of Indians. Tlio military post waB thero, and tho Indians wero camped nonr it. Ono of tho Sioux killed a cow bclouging to a Mormon. Tho emigrant com plained. Tho officer ill command at tho post sent out a subordinate with twenty men. This littlo forco weut to tho Indian camp, und de manded tho surrender of tho Sioux who had killed the cow. Tho nttcrnativo was that the camp would bo fired upon. Tho Indians re plied to tho demand : 44 Wo are willing to pay for this animal : wo will pay you in buffalo robes or buffalo skins." Tho army officer declined. Ho repeated his demand for tho immediate ourrendor. Tho In dians rofused. Tho officer gave tho order to tiro. Tho mon, 20, obeyed. In 20min. tho soldiers wero killed and sculped. That was tho beginning of tho Sioux war of 1852, Tho war lusted threo or four years. It cost tho United States between 15,000,000dol. and 20,000,000dol. Tho Navajoo war was another which Mr Doolittlo told about. For many years after this Government acquired tho territory in which tho Navajoes lived thoro wns no trouble. Ono day a Navajoo Indian was visiting tho fort whero tho troops were. Ho got into a quarrel with a negro boy belonging to ono of tho officers, Tho supposition was thnt tho negro insulted tho Indian. Tho latter drew his bow and put an arrow into tho negro, killing him. Thon ho ffed to his tribo. Tho officer sent a demand for tho surrender of tho Indian. Tho tribo refused to givo him up. Without any delay tho troops were marched out, aud war was begun. Thrco campaigns wero mado against tho Navajoes on this provocation. Tho United States troops wero beaten in each of them. This Nnvajoe war cost tho Government nearly 20,000,000dol. Tho biggest of all recent Indian wars wns tho ono about which least was published. It began in 1862. It bad its origin in a compara tively insiguificant matter. A contractor for furnishing Indian supplies 6ent to tho Sioux agencies what was supposed to bo primo mcaa Eork. Tho consignment was found to consist irgoty of heads of hogs. Tho Indians wont back on such rations, and took tho warpath instead of tho souse. Generals Sibloy aud bully conducted tho campaign. Thoy had 15,000 troops undor thom. In this Sioux war tho 44 Galvanised Yankees, 's as thoy woro called, mado their appearance Thero woro sovoral regiments of thceo " Gal vanieed Yankees," and thoy did good service against tho Sioux. It may bo explained that "Galvanised Yankees'.' wero Confederate pri soners who took tho oath of allegiance aud onlisted in thoso rogiracnts to fight Indians in S reference to remaining in Northern prisons. Tot being hampered by tbo humanitarians and philanthropists, General Sibloy adopted a very vigorous Indian policy. Aa bo mado prisoners ho selected the worst nndhung them. As many ns thirty bravos wero made "good Indians" by tho ropo in ono (lav. Thoro is a record of engagements with hos tile Indians within tho military division of tho Missouri from 1868 to 1832. Iu tho recapitula tion of this record it is stated thnt 44 more thau 1,000 offlcors and soldiers woro killed and wounded" in tho Indian fightiug of that period. Four hundred battles and skirmishes wcro fought with Indians iu tho fourteen years. In answer to a resolution of inquiry from tho Senate, 1836, tho Secretary of war stated "tlio total cost of tho troops in the Indian couutry from 1867 to 1886hadheoti 223,891,2C4'50dol. In 1863 and 1869 thero was a lively Indian war in what is now tho Indian Territory and Okla homa. Between 1362 and 1863 thero had been murdered by IudiauR 300 Bottlers in tlio south west. Ou tlio 2nd of March, 18GS, this war to punish tho Choyeniics, Arupnhoes, and Com. mauches began. It ended on tho 9th of Feb ruary following. Thrco hundred and fifty- threo officers, soldiers, and citizens wero killed , wounded, or captured in tho 11 months' cam paign, Tho Indian loss was 319 killed, 289 wounded, and 5S captured. Tho actunl field operations during tho 11 months cost 1,056, oloraTdol. Tho Modoc war in tho lavn beds cost tlio ariuy 111 soldiers killed or wounded. Tho chiot incident of this campaign was tlio uostu - Binntion of General Canby. Seventeen cilizons were killed and wounded. Tlio record winch was pont to tho Senate by tho War Department says: " No Indians reported killed." So fur na losses wcro concerned, tho Indians usually hud tlio best uf it. Tho Sioux war of 1876 cost, for tho actual field oxpenacs, 2,312,53idol. But tho campaign was chiolly notable for tho Custor massacre. Tlio army fo3s was 233 killed aud 125 wounded. The Indian loss was only 85. Had Sibley's policy toward tlio Sioux been continued. Sitting Bull and other Sioux leaders would havo ornaraouted gallows-trees and thoro would bo no ghost dancing to-day. Tho Custer massacre wuo ncvor atoned for. Tho guns which tho Indiunu took from tlio soldiers uro atiU iu their possession. Tho Nez Pcrces war of 1S77 lasted threo months, und cost U8l,329'o2dol. Tho Nez Percos lived in a valley in eastern Oregon. Thoy occupied laud which, from its extraordinary fer tility ami adaptability for irrigation, is now worth from 5<idol. to 75dol. au aero. That ought to bo sufficient explanation of tho way hostilities came nbout. Two bad white men killed a good Indian. Two bad Indians killed a good white man. Troops wero sent to the Nez Perces' camp, and wore whipped with a loss of a lieutenant; and 33 soldiers. Then fol lowed tlio Nez Perces war. General Howard followed tho Noz Percos over 1,100 miles, and thon failod to bo iu at 44 tho death." Miles, who is now attending to thu Sioi)x? fell ou Chief Josoph aud his hand iu tho vicinity of tho National Park. IIo killod six chiefs and a lot of warriors, nud captured nit tho others. Tho wind-up was on 30th of September. Howard camo up with his advance guard iust after tho victory was won. Iu that campaign 241 offloers and soldiers woro killed and woundod. Twolvo citzens wero killed. The Indian loss was 158. Tho Bannock war of 1878 was a small affair. It only cost 556,03619uol. When it was endod the record showed a loss of 24 to thu army, 30 citizons murdered, und 74 Indians killed. Tho Northern Cboycnoo outbreak in 1879 entailed a loss on tho army of 32 killod and wouodod. No Indians wero reported killed. Sinco 1382 (ho only Iudian fighting bus been with the little squads of Apacaes iu Arizona and Now Moxico. For overy Apache run down and killed or captured tho Govornmeut is said to havo spent 100,0G0doL .Hero (says tha J'all Mali Gazette) is a plot for Gaboriuu from real fifo. About two ycaTS ago au outrnga was committed in Canada simi lar to ouo which has just raised a storm of fury in tho north. Tho grown-up daughter of a Congregational minister Iu the Eastern town ships was waylaid whon going homo nlong a dark country road at night, ana was foully us- saulted anu murdered. When her body was found next morning in a mill-pond close by, tho postmortem revealed tho plain irapriut of two fingers on her throat. But tho fingers wcro not uoighbours— ' the point of the middle finger seemed to have left no mark. Large rewards wore offered ; bill without effect. Witbiu the last few months a fugitive criminal from tho States, who under an alias had beon playing the part or minister of tho Goipol for seven yean m a Village in tho samo township,' was found out and expelled. After he had departed for Australia it; was ramcraborcd that one of- htl fingers was always rigid, In consequence of & wound received during. tho .Civil -War, And this coiucl deuce is likely to-Lrfjig him into court on tbccapltelcfrarpj/korao be found. . .. 