THE STORY-TELLER, THE AVENGING HAND. A SERIES OF THRILLING DETECTIVE STORIES, By Sir Gilbert E. Campbell, Bart. Author of "The Mystery of Maudeville Square." "A Wave of Brain Power," &c;, &c.; THE MAN WITHOUT A HEAD. CHAPTER I. WHAT WAS FOUND IN THE RUIN. It was some hours since the night had fallen over a wild, dreary-looking portion of the marsh hold upon the Essex bank of the Thames. All was wet, muddy, and dreary. Hie coarse grass which grew in rare patches assumed a hideous hue beneath the rays of the moon, which Bhone forth occasionally from between the rain-laden clouds. The whole surface of the marsh, intersected by narrow canals filled with muddy ooze, whilst here and there the rotting timbers of bridges and sluioegates stuck out from the mire like the bones of some dead and gone giant, brought suddenly to light by a convulsion of nature. Not a tree was to be seen, and there was nothing to break the monotony of the wide extent of marsh save si half-ruined building, whioh rose gaunt and ghost- like some hair a mile further on. It was situated on the edge of a narrow creek, which ran from the groat river, the oourse of which was marked by a long, sinuous bank of mist; which rose from its rapidly flowing waters. On the side next the land the dis mantled building was surrounded by a tall board fence; but in several places many portions of the paling {had [fallen, leaving great gaps which shone on the weather-beaten walls and the apertures in them, from whioh sash and glass had been torn away. A chilly rain was falling, and the whole night was not such a one as to induce any one to brave its inclemency who had a comfortable home and a warm fireside before v/iii'oh be could take his ease. Such inducement*, however, appeared ' to have but little weight with a lithe and active figure which was making its way through the marshy ground with as muon speed as the nature of the soil would allow. The figure was that of a man some two and forty years of age, clod in a long ulster, whilst a cap of the same material as the coat, with long carflaps, was fastened underneath his (dun. He walked with a quick, springy ; step, and cleared the numerous cuttings, which barred his progress with a run and a jump, which showed that he was possessed of pedeBtri&n; powers of no mean order. His features,asfarastheoaphewoiewould permit of their being seen, were full of intelligence; j his cleanly shaved upper lip showed a good expressive mouth, with ImeB indicative of a strong will about it, whilBt his dark, grey i eyes peered round sb if to take in every one of his surroundings with the rapidity of I an instantaneous photograph. He bore a stout black thorn walking-stick in. his right hand, and seemed otherwise unarmed, though a close search might have shown the existence, of a bulldog revolver lurking in hiB breast' pocket, and ready to hand should occasion require him to make use of it. Any one who was at all acquainted with the stirring dramas of Scotland Yard, or the terrible tragedies of the Central Criminal Court, would have recognised in the solitary wanderer on the Essex marsh, Inspector Whitehill, one of the most astute detectives of the day, whose name had figured in more than one cause eilchCrc. The reason for bis presence upon this lonely spot was that information had been received that an organized system of tobacco smuggling had been for Bome time carried on along the river banks, and that the ruined factory which Whitehill was approaching had been mentioned as one of the probable depots of the contraband trade. Although he knew that he would have desperate men to deal with, the detective had preferred to start upon his mission alone, trusting to bis own sagacity to extricate him from any perilous position into which be might fall, The mist from the river now began to roll up with increased volume, wrapping everything in its clammy embrace, and forcing Whitehill to move with more caution, lest he should fall into one of the numerous cuttings, from which he might find it exceedingly difficult to oxtracate himself. All at once a faint lugubrious howl was heard—a wild, weird sound, which caused the detective to come to a sudden halt, and glance around him uneasily. it, muttered tie, " l was with my old regiment in the Saueor district, I should know well enough what that cry meant; but here, in England, the idea is too absurd." He was about to proceed on his way when the same strange cry was heard, seeming to proceed from the cloud of mist which veiled the river. "That is the howl of a tiger or panther," said the detoctive, decisively. " Where on earth can the brute be? Tut!—tut!—what a fool you are, John Whitehill. Of course the animal may be on board; some homeward bound vessel which is making its way up stream. Fancy boggling for a moment over such a simple problem!" and with an impatient gesture the detective once more made his way towards the ruined factory. Ho had not, however, gone more than a couple of hundred yards when ho stopped suddenly, for his keen ear had caught the plash of oars not very far ahead of him. Heedless of the uncertain nature of the ground, the detective, started forward at a run, darted through one of the apertures of the fence, and reachod the little creek by the side of the ruined factory. Ho ■was, however, too late, for ho only arrived there in time to see a boat with soveral men in it, whose figures were strangely distorted by the light, pull rapidly out into the river, where they were lost to sight as suddenly as if the boat and its freight had sunk to the bottom of the muddy waters. "The rogues have been after no good," muttered Whitehill. "Perhaps after all it was better that I did not come across them; the odds were decidedly against me, and even , my little friend hero, tapping his breast pooket as ho spoke, "might not have brought me off soathless." The detective now turned his attention to the ruined factory, and drawing a small lantern from his pocket lighted it, and pro ceeded to take a leisurely survey of the premises. These had evidently been disused for a long period, the doors hod all beon removed, and such portion of the flooring which still remained was covered with a thick ooating of dust. One glanoe was sufficient to show Whitehill that no one had recently entered the building, otherwise their footprints would have been easily noticeable. He therefore turned his attention to the exterior, and began to make a circuit of the house. Very soon in an angle of the fence he pcroeived a light-coloured object, upon which he directed the rave of his lantern. As he cameup to the spot ne saw that it was a sack, and not an empty one either. He passed his hand over it, and as he did so started book with a stifled exclamation, then placing his lantern on the ground, drew a penknife from his pooket, and cutting away the string with which the mouth of the sack was secured turned down the edges. A tremor con vulsed the iron nerve of the detective as he perceived that the sack contained a human body, which had evidently been thrust into the receptacle with some degree of violence, and what added to the horror of the discovery was that the head was missing, it having been inartistically severed from the body by some heavy implement, snoh as a meat chopper or a billhook. The corpse was white and blanched, as though the blood hod been drained from it, and the chest and back were Beamed with deep scratches evidently inflioted with some curved weapon with a very sharp point. The mutilated body, with the moon light, pouring down upon it, presented an inexpressibly ghastly Bpeotaole, and. WhitehiQ could not refrain from glanoing uneasily over bis shonlder as though be expected to see the misBing head perched upon the top of the fence and glanoing down upon him. . No such terrible sight, however, met his eyes, and after a few moments' reflection, he drew the sack over the naked body, and making his way down to the water's edge whistled three times in a peculiar key, swinging hiB lantern baokwards and forwards and then placing it upon the bank. In about ten minutes the sound of oars was heard, and a police galley pulled np to the spot A few words from Whitehill explained now matters stood, end two of the crew landed and aided him to place his ghastly discovery on hoard, and then at a signal from the offioer in charge, the m<m bent to their oars and rowed swiftly tip stream through the dark mist and falling 