A GARRISON ROMANCE. CHAPTER III.—(Concluded.) Br MBS. LEITH ADAMS (Mrs. LAFFAW). Author of "Louis Draycott," "Geoffrey Stirling." "Aunt Hepay8 Foundling," ko. What a tribute were all those things to the absent one of the flock! As Sir. Jones thus pondered, his eyes lighted upon a sketch in water-colours, the sketch of a girl's head ; nob perhaps a work of very high art, but yet a thing which had a strange look of life about it. Fnui V. i.( ..!h the ripples of nut-brown hair cliu stilt eyt»3 .net yours w : th a confiding sweot- Otss; the mouth—surely with a touch of sadness on it strange in one so younp—was about, you could feel it, to part in a tremulous smile. A baad of pearls round the throat, a few touches in flake-white, suggesting the folds of some fleecy wrap, these were all; yet the picture —standing tmframed upon a small easel just when the light from the lamp, now set high upon a bracket, fell full upon it—caught and held his gaze. tf others are quick to notice these things. "That'ii Mabel," said Mrs. Clutterbuck, a aw Mindly recovering her usual self- oontroL "It is Yery beautiful," said Mr. Jonei simply. • ' " "My dear BIT," said the Major—also more' rapidly becoming himself again, with the old genial; self-oontident manner, and the old m n of the finely formed hand—" it is very far from doing my step-daughter justice—very, vety far from really giving you an idea of the chum; the grace, the beauty of Mabel Graham. Yon see, being only her Btep-father, I can venture to say more, to speak out more plainly in AM, than I could if things were otherwise. As to that picture. Sir Peyton Paling said to ma' only the other day—' Gad, Clutterbuolc, if a well intention ed ; but—it's a libel!' Man of tube is Paling—knows a good thing when he sees it." Mr. Jones thought within himself that assuredly the gentleman in question knew a good dinner when he saw it, and hada line taste in wines, but, following the excellent advioe bestowed upon Laertes by Polonius, gave his tits no tongue. s very much," said Mrs. j her shawl about her as faint chill of th$ early morning hours. "It was done by a young fellow in the Engineers. No doubt it might be a greater work of art, but it has that living look about it that more artistic pictures sometimes lack.". Mr. Jonee thought that the "'yottng fellow iu the Engineers" was" decidedly a person to be envied, sinoe he must have studied the sweeb face a good deal to be able to hit it off so well. " He was very fond, of my girl," began the mother with that airrrf gentle pride that mothers invariably don when they speak of those who have loved their daughters "not wisely but too well." "I thought so," interrupted Mr. Junes. "And he found it easy to paint a face he knew off by heart" ' Major Clutterbnok was betrayed into the radeness of staring rather fixedly at his guest. It really was astonishing to hear Jones, of Seething Lane, talking like a three-volume novel ? * There was more in the man than at first sight yon would suppose; and—well, yes—a certain schcpie which had already flitted through, the Major's brain, took more tangible furm and shape. Its outline was misty as yet and another scheme was entangled up with it; but it grew more and more distinct. There w»s no saying what it mirht not develop into. Ah jne! what a haunted chamber must have been that active, never-resting brain! How many' a scheme, there bom, had there abortive died! The man's whole life had been a life of schemes; his feet trod daily a pathwaj formed of dead schemes trampled in the dust; .the air about him was peopled with the ghosts of them ; his memory was a graveyard where dead schemes filled all the graves, upon nob. one of which was written ' Reeurgam." His was the brightest, hopefullest nature. Each new idea which had for its aim and end the aggrandizement and enrichment of himself and his family—do him that justice; he never, eren in fancy, separated himself from his family—was the best and most feasible he had ever evolved. 'Each risky investments-gold mines, diamond mines, coal mines, and such like—was the one hy which the fortunes of the Clutterbuck family were to be for ever reinstated upon a sound and firm basis. jBe positively beamed upon Mr. Jones as certain possible developments of the sudden intimacy between them grew more and more distinct . in the focus of his mind's eye. His enwtion at the sight of his boy's peril had been very real; his children were the passion of his life; but the peril was over, the emotion past; the Major was 'himself again; nay, a new and radiant edition of himself, bound in scarlet and gold. Mis. Clutterbuck was still tremulous, and all the sympathy of an honest heart was hens, as Amphlott Jones looked with pitying eyes upon her pale, worn cheeks, and the deep lines about her mouth. " Major Clutterbuck would not let me go to Phil,'' she said; " he insisted upon me remaining here for a while, lest I should frighten the child with my nervous ways; but I may go now, Desbrow, may I not ?' • There was something very touching to Mr. Jones in recognising the fact that she wished. to'make a'sweet pretence of fc^e Major being a most tenderly considerate Husband ; whereas, alas ! rumour had already whispered to him thatthe patient endurance of the wile was a proverb among those who knew them. Few tilings, indeed, in life are more touching than (hose pretty eonaeita women use to cover the barrenness of the harvest that life and love has yielded to their eas;er, trembling hands. "How am I to thank you?" said Mrs. Clutterbuck, as she rose from the couch and held out her hand to their new friend. " By saying as little as possible about my share in-the matter," replied Mr. Jones. " I only did what any one else in my place would have done." "'If anyoneelso had had the thought and the presence of mind," she answered, with a wan smile. " My hot-headed, impulsive husband here, would have rushed upstaira, startled the child, and, oh !" she cried, shuddering, and hiding her eyes with her hand as if to shut out some horrible sight. "There, don't think about it,'' said Mr. Jones, patting her^ hand as if he had been the family doctor. " Never mind what might have been; little Phil is fast asleep in his bed Ion? ago. He put up his arms to me and said—' Lif' me in;' and I did. Ko nursemaid, that had been at the work for years could have laid him down half so tenderly as I " Then Mrs. Clutterbuck went slowly up the wide, stone stairs, turning at the top to smile down upon the man who had saved her from a terrible sorrow—for the Major was showing Mr. Jones out, and that gentleman would not hear of being accompanied to the steps where his " fellows" were waiting, gently splashing the moon-bright water with their idle oars to pass away the time. They were glad to see the Inglese Signor, though, being paid in princely fashion for whatever service he required, they never grumbled a word at his long tarryings. In truth, they sang as the boat sped across the bay, passing Fort Manul like a flash—sang a sweet, lilting- lovesong, much beloved of the Maltese nation, and many times and oft to be heard on land and sea, with a zither accompaniment or without it. It has a sad, pathetic ring about it, this lovesong of theirs ; and, by some strange mental procesp, for which Mr. Jones could not for the life of him have accounted, as he Iist9ned the Hweet face of Mabel Graham looked at him through the silvery radiance of the moonlight, as through a silvery veil. 