RELIGIOUS The Bishop of Manchester on the "Larger Hope." The Right Rev. J. Moorhouse, Bishop of Manchester, formerly Bishop of Melbourne, has recently published a volume of sermons, five in number, under the title of " The Teaching of Christ; its Conditions, Seoret, and Results." In the discourse on "The Nature and Limits of Inspiration," the Bishop says plainly that "To teach us moral and spiritual truth alone was the extraordinary aid of the Holy Ghost vouchsafed to the prophets." In " The Limitations of our Lord' 3 Know ledge" he describes the Incarnation as " the Maker of all, passing into the limitations of finite life, and through these comprehensible limitations revealing the fact that His will is a will to love." The affirmation that divine modes of thought belong to the self-limited humanity of Christ the Bishop characterises is either illogical or heretical. In the series on " Christ and His Surround ings" the author combats the theory that a better knowledge and estimate of the historical antecedents and spiritual surroundings of Jesus is capable of explaining away the uniqueness of His personality. There is, he maintains, nothing to show that the spirit of the Gentile cultus ever touched His life, and a survey of contemporary Jewish orthodoxy bliows bow little, not how muoh, His teaching was in debted to the popular faith of Palestine—how great was the spiritual revolution brought about by Christ. Of all the utterances of the gifted Bishop his fearless and eloquent deliverance concerning the final restoration of those whom an elder Christendom was wont unquestioningly to call " the lost" is of transcendent interest—no less to those who differ than to those who agree. The Bishop's words are these :—" If all men are to be saved at the last, this at least is certain—that they cannot be saved by that mothod of force which, robbing them of freedom, would leave tbem incapable of virtue and goodness. And if not by force, then it must be as possible ahvayi, as it is now, for the finite will to resist the Infinite. To me, I confess, that thought does not present either the difficulty or the dread whioh some have found in it. I know that the dead are in the hands of an Almighty Father, who, being the will to love, must love them, and seek to make them loving wherever they are. On the other Bide of the veil, as on this side of it, always and everywhere, it must bo true of God that IHe willeth all men to be saved*; that' He is not willing that any should perish, but that all Bhonld come to repentance.' God cannot wish the torment of any of His creatures. He cannot but desire to make the worst better and happier. Over the vilest rebel in Gehenna He must brood with a fatherly everlasting love. If He ceased to love, He must cease to be—for He not only has love, but is love. To suppose an endless torment, for no purpose but to satisfy God's wrath or God's holiness; to suppose that He could inflict it, who, as Jeremy Taylor says, 'infinitely loves His creatures, who died for them, who pardons easily, and pities readily, and excuses much, and delights in our being saved, and would not have us die, and takes little things in exchange for great'— to think any suoh thing is to blaspheme God's jove, in the name of His justice, and to plunge into thick darkness that whole glorious mani festation of God as the Father of all the aeons, and of all the creatures therein, whioh our Blessed Master was sent into the world to make known. My dead are with Him who loves them more tenderly than I at ray best, and in His arms I could trust them even in the smoke of Gehenna. I have seen something of the glory of Infinite Lovo; have known something of the multitude of its mercies; and I would ask you, if you fear for the departed, as Dean Church once asked in his great cathedral, 'Can we be so compassionate and so just, and can not we trust Him to be so, unless He shows us how?'" 