The Cuckoo. In an Article ' Concerning the Cuckoo ' in Lonqmaifs Magazine an interesting account is given of the cuckco's well-known and seldom-seen perform ance. The account by Mrs. Blackburn, who watched the movements of the young cuckoo, is full of uiterest. The nest under observation was that of the common meadow uiuet. and it had at first two eggs in it besides that of the cuckoo. ' At one visit,' continues Mrs. Blackburn, ' tlie pipets were found to be hatched, but not the cuckoo. At the next visit, which wag after an interval of 4S hours, we found the young cuckoo alone in the nest, and both the young pipets lying down the bank, about lOin. from the margin of the nest, but quite lively after being warmed in the hand. They were re placed in tlie nest beside the cuckoo, which struggled about until it got its back under one of them, when it climbed backwards directly up the open side of tho nest, and hitched the pipe! from its back on to the edge. It then stood quite upright on its legs, which were straddled wide apart, with the claws firmly fixed lialf-way down the inside of the nest, among the interlacing fibres of which the nest was woven, and, stretching its legs apart ancl backwards, it elbowed the pipet fairly over tlie margin so far that its struggles took it down the bank instead of back into the nest. After this the cuckoo stood a minute or two, feeling back with its wings, as if to make sure that the pipet was fairly overboard, and then subsided into the bottom of the nest.' The rejected bird was replaced, but on agaiu visiting the nest on the following morn ing both pipets were found dead out of the nest. Mrs. Blackburn continues : — ' The cuckoo was perfectly naked, without the vestige of a feather, or even a hint of future feathers ; its eyes were not yet opened, and its neck seemed too weak to support the weight of its head. . . . The most singular thing of all was the direct purpose with wliich the blind little monster made for the open side of the nest, tlie only part where it could throw its burthen down the bank. I tliink all the spectators felt the sort of horror aiul awe at the apparent inadequacy of the creature's intelli gence to its acts that one might have felt at seeing a toothless hag raise a ghost by an incantation. It was horribly uncanny and gruesome.' When a woman falls in love you can't make her behove all men are alike, and when she has been mar ried 10 years you can't make her believe they are not. 