A VOICE PROM THE APOSTOLIC CHURCH OP ROME TO THE MODERN PAPAL CHURCH OF ROME. ( Continued.) Roman Oatholio Brethren, Yon are inrormod by your spiritual guides that for the eins committed by you after baptism and against grace yon owe a temporal penalty to the divine jnstioe, althongh the eternal penalty has been paid by Ohrist. They represent Christ to yon as armed with the attrihnte of divine jnatice, and angry with yon on account of your sins committed after baptism. You are taught by them that the Virgin Mary is the great Mediatrix be tween believers and Ohrist, and that by her maternal influence she extinguishes or softens the anger of her Son, and that being full of sweetness and mercy, and having no cluims on the score of justice if you seek her patron age, she will become your ever-prevailing interceesor. You are exhorted to pay in part their temporal penalty said to be due to your sins, after the eternal penalty has been re mitted, by penances, alms, good works, and masses ; and you are told that that portion of the debt due to the Divine justice, which is unredeemed by these means must be expiated by the pains of purgatory. The apostles did not teaoh these doctrines. We defy all the prioKts in the world to produce a single hcii- tenco either spoken or written by Ohrjet or his apostles, in which they taught that the Virgin Mary was to be the Mediatrix between Christ and man, or that she was the mother of mercy and the queen of heaven ;. we defy them to produce a single instance in which Christ or his apostles informed believers that it was profitable for them to invoke or to pray to the Virgin Mary. Again, although Christians will always give alms and abound in works of mercy, because suoh works are acceptable to God, the notion that any works are meritorions is directly contrary to the declaration of Christ. " So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which are commanded you say wo are unprofitable servants, we have done that which was our duty to do." (Luke xvii. 10.) Thirdly, the penalty for sins is neither wholly, nor in part, "redeemed by alms. As we have already seen,' St. Peter says, " Ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as Bilver. and' gold, front' your vain converaation received by tradition from yonr, fathers, bnt with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb, without blemish and without spot." (1 Pet. 'i.' lS,)' Fourthly, with respect to the daily offering of Christ as a propitiatory eaorifice, this is expreesly con- tradicted ;by St." Paul. , .'Cohtrasing the l one sacrifice of Christ with 'the 'maihy sacrifices of the Jewish priests, he. says, " we are sanbti- fled throngh the offering of the body, of ' Jesus Christ once. And every priest standeth daily ministeriiig and offering oftentimes the ' same sacrifices, which can never take away eins ; but this man after be had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God, from henbefortb expecting till his enemies he made hip footstool. For by one offering he had perfecf;ed for ever them that are sanotified. Whereof the Holy Ghost is also a witneas to as : for after that he had said before, . This is the covenant that I, will make with them after those days, 8a.ith the Lord, I will pnt my laws into their hearts and in their minds I will write them ; and their sins aiid. iniquities I will r'emember no more. Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin." (Heh. x. 10 to 18.) Also it is written in the preceding chapter of the same Epistle, " For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true ; but into heaven- itself, now to appear in the presence of God for ns, nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy place every year with the blood of others ; for then mnst he have often snf- fered since the foundation of the world : but now pnce in the end of the world", hath he appeared to put away sin by the 'sacrifice of himself ; And as it is appointed unto men once to die, bnt after this the judgment : so Christ was once offered to hear the 'sins of in any, and unto them that look for him ehail he appear the second time without sin unto eaivatioD." (Heb. ix. 24.) In fact, thi only sacrifioee now offered, up by true Christians are the sacrifices of prayer and praise and contrition and a holy life. Lastly, we are hold to affirm that there is no purgatory after death, and that no torment touches the soul of the believer, when it has departed from its earthiy tabernaole. Our blessed Rideemer said to the dying thief npon the cross, " To day ehalt thou be with me in Paradise." (Luke xxiii. 43.) , Paradise is not pnrgatory.' St. Paul says, "Whilst we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord, (for we walk by faith, not by sight) we are confident, and willing rather to be absent from the body and present with the Lord." (2 Cor. v. 7,8) In the Apocalypse it is wrilton, "And I heard a voice from heaven sayiog unto me, write. Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord, from henceforth, yea, aaith the Spirit, hat they may rest from their labours, and their works do follow them." (Rev. xix. 13.) Now the Romieh eyetem, while it robe true believers of much peace and blessed privi leges, accommodates itself to the world at large, by teaching men that provided they perform certain peiianceB, and give alms, and pay for masses, and obtain a priestly pardon, and invocate the Virgin Mary and the Saints, after suffaring somewhat in purgatory, they will eventually get to heaven. Bnt the Gospel gives no hope at all to the worldly, unless they truly repent and believe and experience a tborongh change of the heart and the affections, and give np their love of the world, and surrender themselves wholly unto God ; in other words, unless, throngh the instrnmentality of faith in the redeeming love of God, and by the power of the Holy Ghost, they, become new creatures in Jesus Christ. A dlBtinction is freqnently taken by Roman Catholic divines between the Saints and the great body of believers. But the word of God teaches us that all true believers are Saints, for God has promised to sanctify them all ; and if a man bo not a saiut, he is not a true believer. The Romish syst ra says that the saints and martyrs go to heaven without purgatory, which is true ; but when it holds ont hopes to the mass, of worldly Chriatiaas that they will get, to heaven throiigh penances and meritorions deeds, and raasBes and priestly pardon and pnrgatory, it teaches a most unsoriptural doctrine. For none but saints will ever get to heaven. Contrite and true believers need no other mediator besides Christ. He extends to ail who truly and sincerely call upon him the arms of his mercy and leva. Hear hie gra- oioiis words, "Come unto mo, all ye that labour and are heavy laden and I will give yon . , rest." (Matt. , xi. ;j28.) -j' Hiinj that coineth to mo, I wiU fh ho 'wisej 'daet ont." (John vi.',37),.; ' "" i St. Paul encourages ns to approaoh wiih filial, co'nfidence the throne, of grace. " Having therefore, brethren, boldne'sB to enter into 'the .bolieethy the blood of Jesiie, by a new and ;liyihg way, which he hath'cohseorated for us, throngh the vail, that is to say his flesh, and having an High Prieat over the house of God, let us draw near with a true heart in full assurance of faith." (Heh. x. 19.) 'And again, " Seeing, then, that wo have a great High Priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesna the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an High Prieat which cannot be touched with the feeiihge of pnt- mfifmitiesj bnt was in all poiiits tempted Hke'as we are, yet witbont sin. . Let ns, therefore, oome boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to .help in.time of need." (Heb. iv. 14.) We deny' not that trne believers ein, for this ia expressly affirmed by the apostle John ; and if they sin, they mnat sin against , grace ; even as children when they diaobey their parents, sin against the grace of their parents. Though believers by the inworking of . the Holy Spirit ar6,hew creatures, yet they carry about with them bodies of sin and death; and by their inborn oorrnptions they are tempted, .impeded, and assailed, and some times overcome. N evertheleas, they babitn- ally mortify sin throngh the Holy Spirit, and walk in the light, and the blood of Jesna Christ cleanseth them from all sin. The apoatle John writing ; to baptized believers says,, " If we walk in the light, as ho is in the light, we have fellbwehip one "with another, aiid the blood of Jesua Christ his Son cleanseth ns from all sin. If we say that we have no ein, we deoeive oarselves and the truth is not in as. If we confess-onr sins he is faithful and just to f< rgive ns onr sine and to oleanse us from all nnrightepns- ness." ,(1 John i. 7, 8, 9.) Yon will observe how expressly be states that he and his converts sinned ; and how, he equally intimates that they walked in the light ; and how clearly he asanres them that the blood of Jesus Christ will cleanse them from all sin, and that if they confess their sins God will cleanse them from all nnrigbt-. eousness. The apostle Panl is equally explicit in his Epistle to the Hebrews, wherein jha deolares of Christ that "by one offering he ha;h perfected for ever them that are sanoti fied." (Heb. x. 14.) Now we have. before seen that every trne believer is eanctifiad ; and hence every truo bsliover is perfected by the one offering of Christ, and needs no other expiation whatever from sin. Think not, dear brethren, that we nndnly magnify the privileges, of true believers. From the very begihhjn'g of time the commuaion of God's people ' with Hiin has been most intimate. . Of Enoch it is written, that he walked with God, and that God took him to himself. (Gen, V. 24.) Abraham is called in holy writ the friend of God. (Isaiah xli. 8.) God talked face to faco with Moses as his friend. (Exod. xxxiii. 11 ) Under the Jewish dis pensation, when Christ was only disoerned throngh the types of the law and through the fignrative language of prophecy, God was addreesod by his trne servants with a filial confidence. When they sinned after oironmoieion they sinned againet grace, and yet they needed not saints as mediators, nor did they tremblingly stand afar off, but fchoy made God their shield, their refuge, and their high tower, and cast themselves into the arms of his fatherly mercy. " I said, I will con- fees my tranBgreBsione' unto the Lord : and thou forgavest the iniquity of my ain. For this shall every one that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found ; surely in the floods of great waters, they shall not oome nigh unto him. Thon art thy hjding place, thou shalt preserve me from trouble, thou shalt oompass me abont with songs of deliverance." (Ps. xxxii. 5, 6, 7.) " I sought the Lord, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears, rhey looked ' uuto him and were lightened, and their facea were not ashamed. This poor man cried, and the Lord heard him, and saved him out of all his troubles. The angel of the Lord enoampeth round, about thom'lhat fear him, and doliver- eth them. ; 0 taste and/.soe ihat the Lord is gbod, bleaaed is the Than thjit trusteth in hiin." (Ps. xxxiv.' 4.) "Truly my' sonl ;waiteth upon. God, from him cometh my salvation. 'He only is my rock and my salva tion ; he is my.defeno ;, I shall hot he greatly moved." (Pa. Ixii. 1,. 2.) " 0 God, thon art my God, early will I seek thee ; my eonl thirsteth for mo, my flesh longoth for thee in a dry and thirsty land, where no water is ; to see thy power and thy glory, as I have seen thee in the sanctuary. Baoanse thy loving- kindness is, better than life, my lips shall praiee thee." (Ps. lxiit._ 1, 2, 3.) "I will love thee, 0 Lord, my etrength. The Lord is my rook, and my fortress, and my deliverer ; my God, my etrength in whom I will trust, Vmy bnckier,; aiid the horn /of my salvation, 'and .my , higfi tower. I will call upon tho Lord', 'who is ' worthy to be praised; eo shall -I be sayed , f rom mine enemies." (Pe. xviii. "1, Y, o ) should endamp ' against ine, my heart shall not fear : thongh war shdnld rise against me in this will I he 'confident. One thing liave I desired of the 'Lord, that will I seek aftar, that I may dW|ell in the house of tho Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and -to inquire in hia temple. For in the time of trouble he shalt hide me in his pavilion ; in the seoret of his tabernacle shall he hide ine, ho shall set me upon a rock." (Ps. xxvii,' 1, 2, 3.) " Bless the Lord, 0 my soul, aiid forgot not all his benefits ; who forgiveth all . thine iniqaities, who bealeth all tby diBeaees, who . redeemeth thy life from destraction, ' who orownetb thee with loving kindneas and ' tender meroiee, who Batiefietb thy month with good things, so that thy youth is re newed like the eagles." (Ps. oiii. 2, 3, 4. 5.) Again (ver. 10.) " He hath not dealt with ns after onr Bins, nor rewarded us according ' to our fniqnities. For as the heaven is high above the earth so great is his mercy toward them that fear him. As far . as the east is ' from the west, so far hath he . removed our transgressions from us. Like ae a father ' ' pitieth hie children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear him ; for ho knoweth our frame, he remembereth that we are dust.' (Ps. ciii, 10) (To be Continued.) 