THE A ifElUCAX ll ED IS DI AX "MESSIAH." Thc Philadelphia correspondent of Thc Times, writing on thc 21st of November, saya: -For some time there have been coining from thc far Western plains of thc United States, beyond thu Missouri Valley, tales of alarm and excitement. Thesettlers adjacent lo thc great reservations of thc Sioux Indians, along and southward from the linc of thc Northern Pacific Railway, are in fear of a general Indian and withdrawn cast of the Missouri ; others arc forming military companies for defence and calling loudly for Government protection. Thc whole frontier seems in a ferment, and at all the military posts thc army officers arc apparently preparing for an active cam- paign. The Secretary ot War has gone west to St. Louis, whither carno Goncrul Miles, commanding thc army in the Indiau country, to meet* him for consultation, and General Miles has now returned to his headquarters at Chicago and sent instructions to General Ruger, in Dakota and thc Platte river region, to make every arrangement for protection und defence. A general Indian war is feared, which is said to affect some 31,000 savages of the Sioux, Pi-Utc, Cheyenne, and other tribes on thc reservations, of whom 6000 arc active warriors and 15,000 fully able to bear arms. Whether the outbreak will come soon or bc delayed to thc spring is said to bc a matter of conjecture. Thc officers say thc situation is just now favourable to thc Indians, who arc well mounted and equipped with ample ammunition and supplies. Thc average redskin, however, is loth to go on thc warpath in winter, and they add that "the salvation of thc Bettlers in the Dakotas will be a ' norther ' of tho fiercest kind." Thc threatened outbreak is a fanatical religious war, said to bc a crusade against thc whites, preached hy a mysterious Indian " Messiah," who has appeared to them in Utah and Nevada. Iiis whereabouts and identity seem almost mythical, but he hus stirred up the greatest excitement. Indians arc always half ready for war, and thc " medicine man " can easily work upon their superstitious and highly-wrought feelings. They arc now everywhere performing the "Ghost Dance," and many of thom claim to have seen and heard the " Messiah " w ho bas taught it. He is said to speak to the different tribes in their own languages. He has told them "they have but to light for themselves a little, und he will cause thc earth to open and swallow thc whites, and will bring back from the happy hunting-grounds all thc buffaloes and dead Indians.' Their "Ghost Dance " is becoming a religions fever. Old "Sitting Rull," the great chief nf the Sioux at Standing Ruck Agency, hos told thc Govern- ment agent there that " they have no further usc for thu whites and firmly believe it only a question of a short timo when thc whites will disappear from the face of the earth." The Indians arc mysterious about their in- tended time of outbreak ; but they have their dance, tap their guns, and, as a uuivcrsid sign when spoken to they fiercely drew imaginary scalping-knivcs in a circle about their heads. They aro now roaming in small bodies along the neighbourhood of the Nor- thern Pacific railway near Mandan, and one of thc6e squads this week told a friendly Indian they belonged to " thc anny of thc Messiah," and were going to meet thc rest of the anny, when they would capture Fort Lincoln and pillage Mandan, and kill the inhabitants. The " Messiah " would lead thc army, and they did not expect to go out until spring ; but when " ' Messiah ' says ' Go,' we go, even in thc depth of winter." That all this should cause u scare on thu frontier is natural, and this week thc copious reports from all along thc border have at- tracted public attention, and excited much curiosity as to thc personality of the " Messiah." General MiieB regards the situa- tion us grave, Colonel Corbin, his adjutant, says they do not know who thc " Messiah " is, hut they are making every effort to lind out-"he may be some leader of a baud of wandering Mormons, and perhaps n cow- boy, full of pranks," He expresses hope that trouble may lie averted, for it is Some have abandoned their homes contrary to all Indian tradition for tho braves to take the wur . path in winter. Thc nearest they arc able to conic to his identity is a report from Lieu- tenant Robertson, at the Cheyenne Agency, who Bays he lins learnt from an interpreter that the new " Messiah " is a Pi-Utc Indian called John Johnson, intelligent, but not educated, who lives on the Pi-Ùte reservation at Walker Lake, Nevada, His "apostle," one Porcupine, has been preaching the re- ligion of thc new " Messiah at thc Cheyenne Agency, and Robertson sends Porcupine's uccounl of his visit to the " Messiah," after a lone journey last year to what is supposed to bc Pyramid Lake in Western Nevada, whetc ho met a large number of Indians known aB thc Fishcutcrs. Porcupine iu his statement says:-"Thc Fislicaters near Pyramid Lake told mc that Christ had appeared on earth again. They said Christ knew he was coining ; that eleven of his children were also coining from u far land. It appeared that Christ had sent for mc to go lhere, and that WM why unconsciously, . I took my journeyt It bad been foreordained. ¡They told me when I got there that my Great Father was j there abo, but I did not know who lie was. ' Thc people assembled called a council, and the chiefs sons went to see the Great Father, who sent word to us to remain fourteen days In that camp, and that then he would .come and see UB. At the end of two days, on the third morning, hundreds of people gathered at tins place. They cleared a place near thc agency in tho form of a circus ring, and we all gathered there. Just ucforo sundown i flaw a great many people, mostly Indians, coming dressod in white men's clothes. The Christ j was with them. They all formod in this ring and around it ; they put up sheets all around ! thc circle, as they had no tents. Just after dark some of tho Indians told mc that Christ had arrived. I lookod around to find him, and finally saw him sitting on one side of thc ring. He was dressed in a white coat with stripes. Thc rest of his dress was a white man's, except that he had on a pair of ?uocosBÍiifl. Tlicu lie bogan oui' dance, every lioily joining in, the Christ Binging whilo wc danced. Wo (lanced till late in thc night, when he told us wc had danced enough. Thc next morning he told us he was going away that day, but would bc back the next morn- ing and talk to ns. I heard that Christ had been crucified, and I looked to sec, and I saw n scar on his wrist and one on bis face, and he seemed to be the mau ; I could not see his feet. He would talk to us all day. That evening wc all assembled again to sec him depart. When wc were assembled ho began to sing, and he began to tremble all over violently for awhile, and then sat dowu. Wc danced nil that night, thc Christ lying down beside us, apparently dead: The following morning tho Christ was back with us ann wanted to talk to us. He said, ' I am the man who made everything you see nround you. I am not lying to you, my children. I mado thiB-earth and everything on it. I have boen to Heaven and seen your dead friends, und I have seen my own father and mother. ' He s]x>kc to us about fighting, and said that it was bad, and that wc must keep from it ; tho earth was to bc all good hereafter ; that wc must bc friends with one another. Ho said if any man disobeyed what he ordered, his tribe would bc wiped from thc face of thc earth. Ever since thc Christ I speak of spoke to me, I have thought what ho said was good. I have seen nothing bad in it. When I got back I knew my people were bod, and had heard nothing of all this, so I got them together and told them of it, and warned them to listen to it for their own good, I have told them just what I have told you herc to-day." Lieutenant Robertson says he closely questioned Porcu fiine, and also liig Heaver, another chief, earning that some sixteen tribes had visited thc "Messiah" at Walker and Pyramid lakes, including Sioux, Cheyennes, Arra pahoes, lionnocks, Utes, and all thc tribes of Utah, who danced his dance, heard his Î,reaching, and then had returned to their lomus. Porcupine said that several hundred Indians were present when he saw thc "Messiah," including women and children; and hu insists that all his teachings were nf peace, good order, and industry hy thc Indians. Hoing asked then how it was that certain Indians had made tho new religion a reason for neglecting their crops and for disorder, Porcupine shrewdly made answer, giving what Robertson regards as a very probable explanation :-That thc Indians who had gone with him to hear thc " Messiah " had hoped to hear him preach* some incendiary doctrine, and were disap- pointed at hearing the new creed required them simply to work and behave themselves ; that being known by their people to have visited the new "Messiah," they concluded, on returning home, not to relate strictly what this man had told them, but to put into his mouth doctrines more agreeable to thc Indians. "These men," said Porcupine finally with earnestness, " arc all liars, and they are responsible for any trouble that occurs, and not thc new ' Messiah.' " lt wm tims nc seen mat there are lalse prophets even among the Red Indians, mid designing redskin politicians, who misin- terpret thc religion of the " Messiah " to niako it a crusade against thc whites. But, whether they or thc apostle Porcupine preach the true faith, umong them thc frontier hos been stirred up to an extent unknown for many years. At the Arrapahoe Agency tho Indians excitedly dance thc " Ghost Dance," and have destroyed many of their fences, some even tearing down their log houses, tho Government agent having lost all control over them. At Pine Ridge Agency, in .South Dakota, there is much excitement among the Sioux, the dances having wrought thc tribe to so high a pitch that tho agent has reported thc uneasiness, und troopB in large force are now being concentrated there, and at the Rosebud Agency about fifty miles distant, also in South Dakota. This move- ment, it is announced to-day by General Miles, will afford ample protection. It is curious to note the various versions of thc "Messiah" doctrine of extermination of the whites, as interpreted at different Indian settlements. Tims, ut thc Standing Rock Agency, on thc Cannon Ball River, about forty miles from Mandan, the Sioux arc mainly farmers and cattle raisers, and live in huts and houses. They say the "Messiah" indicates that the whites are to bc destroyed, but not by thc active aid of thc red men. " A mud wave is to engulf thc pale-faces, but thc Indians arc to bc lifted high above it until it passes over." With them the "Ghost Dance " is said to be a preparatory ceremony or sort of communion, by which thc Indians aim " to perfect themselves before thc coming of the Master." This extraordinary develop- ment among thc Indians, whatever may eventuate, has created a genuine sensation throughout the entire WcBtcrn country, and thc universal prayer out there is for thc coming of a " Dakota Blizzard " of tho most powerful description, that will have more influence for peace upon the Indians than anything that can just now be done. As I close this letter a telegram from Pine Ridge has just conic in, giving thc latest filiase, the troops having gone into camp and leing in full control. The telegram says : " Jack, Red Cloud, and a lot of thc fanatics arc nt Wounded Knee, putting the finishing I touches on a four days' ' Ghost Dance.' This is the day set for thc ' Messiah1 to appear in the form of a buffalo, but up to noon no stray ' Messiah ' nor buffalo, has been reported on thc reservation." Professor Tyndall's discovery of "Binging Maines," that created so lively a sensation in tho loamed world a few years ago, has been followed hy that of thc fact that a beam of sunlight produces sound when thrown through a lens on ti glass vessel containing lampblack, coloured silt, or wonted, or other substances. A disk, having slits or openings cut in it, is made to revolve swiftly in tbii beam of light so us to cut it up, thus making alternate flashes of light and shadow. On putting thc uar to thu glass vessel strange sounds arc heard us long os thc flashing beam is falling on thc vessel. A remarkable case of poisoning by stale oysters has occurred recently in Chicago, United States, Dr. \V. M. Hibbard liebig thc victim. The doctor was taken ill soon after eating thc oysters, and, according to u Chicago journal, three physicians were called in to attend the case. The patient rapidly grew worse, and it was decided to perform un operation in thc hope of saving his life. An incision was made in thc stomach, but it was found that thc poison had progressed too fur, and that thc intestines were so involved that thc patient had but a short time to live, and thc operation was abandoned. The attendant physicians stated that (loath resulted from ptomaines, which is u disease in which au alkaloid possessing most dangerous properties is generated during thc progress of thc decay of animal matter. In other words, it is putrefaction, which takes place during morbid conditions of the human body prior to death. It produces death iii a like manner to morphine, und has been mistaken for strych- nine by toxicologists. 