CONSECRATtON AND OPENING OF NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH , NEWRY. \- ------;-- 0 The ceremony of consecrating and opening of the Romam Catholic Church Newry, for Divine worship, was con ducted by Dr. Corlitt, Bishop of Sale, on Sunday last, 26thl inst., in presence of a large concourse of members and adllhre of the Church, and others from all parts of the district. The handsome and well finished building, with accomodation for 200 people, has been already described in these columns, and requires no further com ment. Dr. Corb t, atonampanied by the tev. Fathler Sinnott, arrived at the church about 11 a.mn., nnl after thie nu cetsory arrangementt had been ltade, immw dinatly proceedrd witl the core unony. EmRrging from the eontrannci door, prayers were read and tis Bishop and attendants, followed by a procesnion of a number of the congre gation, nimal a circuit of the buildintg, during which the prayers usual on such occasionis werq recited and holy water sprinkled around ; tihe servic of con .ecration leing completed in the church, the cotgregation and public entered, and Mass was cileobrated by tile rov. Fatihelr ,inantt, and on con olusion of'this seroice, Bishop Corbntt prreached from St. Paul's. Jpistlo to the G(alatians, lot. chap. veran 8, introdu cing his suljedt by saying they were ninnt by Christ to preach tih true Gospel of Salvation to all the .world. The Catholic religion lihd been likendd to an inmmentse city situated on the highest summlit of a higlh mountain which could be easily Been and distin guisied from ill tlie other sects which arrogated to tlhemselves tho distinctive title of true Christians. The Catholic Churtl was the only one by which Salvation could bo secured. Our Saviour had expre~sed his will that his spouse, ti, church, bhonlid he adorned with certain marks to recognise the true church from nlliotther sects and dloetomiiations, and theaU special marks of faith and unity were to be found perfectly eupruosed in the Nicent Crred. Evrry on-" pr(.soaoed of thet sliglhtest sointill, of intelligernce, knows that God is otp andt that truth is eP. srntinlly one without any division or departure fromn this great essential. Christ prayed that all people should bhe of ono mind, even ao Ith. Father Son and Ioly Spirit are one0 in thloeu, and iltat there shoult Ioe only one shephlerd one fold, onte fith!; so that)jthle only true chourch must ncecessarily bIe oune and such the Catholic Cltrch hrad proved by malking it tile foundation of her f ith, that there in only one G d. one faith, one baptinml, and ont ro t Fatherl of all We are all certain th.t when the Sun shinto there cannt t b tight and darkneas in the same pine and at the s.nuot timn, so likewioe, tiat which God has ordained at one time *and never contradict-d, iImut bIn it. cepted an his Divine will tand purpuso. Our Saviour ePtahblished onIe church (not two churcIhe) the fundamtnentl i principle of hich tile belief in ontr Godllead of tlhree peronst-the Trinity -the Fatlher, Son and Holy Ghost, equal in power and glory, and yet only 'oue WiVa it pnasible for us human creatures to undrsatand this I hut al though our minids are incapable of comprehelodingt his great mystt.ry, we can helioev it through faith in God', word. We bliovo profano history in which:we reiad of events whlico we have not personally wit.nessed, and when we know a man to bti honest, and find huin true and upright, we put implicit confidence itn hIo accordingly, tand it was most strange that nmany people would not trust Almighty God who lhas proved our true frietd antd bene factcr in all thingsi. lesidies its one. ness, the true church must possess other dintinguishiiug marks such as holiness, sanctiy and eminestntesa of purpose, and there Ians uever reen n time since Christ Retablished tile Catl olic Church but what it hana b:een in lively and earnest operation in good worka, sn'oeading religion over overy part of the known lhabitable globe. This church was. Catholio, becauso it was universal ; it was holy beoause its founder was holy, and if we look tH the sects around us we tifd that sonme tnera mn'n is the founder, and aome titmes a renegItade priest-but Chrint himself is the great founder of the Outholic Church which lie enjoined to preach hisu Goopel and doctrines au given from hit own lips. When hei said the church was holy be did not tmes. that every individual lmember was so, for II know th.ru wore erring backsliding and wandering sheep, but the church at it church could agail re ceive repletantt sinners who were anxious to return to the fold. The dctrine and two great colulltandllnotlt established for tand taught by thel Catholic Church wereo irst-" Thou shhlt love the Lo-d thy Got with all thv heart, with a I thy strength nn:l all thy mintd,"' n I second-Thou shnlt Invo, thy neigtl o ir as thyhelf." The' Catholic Churchl can show its oriin from lCh is' iand prove its coInne'tlion with thet Apostles thonmselves, nml no olther church cl lo tin te oatllt. I'f we wont to Irelatl, wt ,.l', tlt' 'onthon : faitlh flouriuhld tm all its beauty a I purity, and Iasku any t.otop ., .11 Iht wna coinsecrnttd Ittnd sot apart for his great duti'o, hII would at onre, without lhositioun, tell us the niuame f, suclh digniitmly of thi, church, and ii like nt1,,t11r1' every ishillp cunt Ircld iup Ilis coIi'craliotn to Ihis prildeoensor itl olliro, who can il' tlhe sm'te waty io tIck in an I -uIIbrokPt record to othII'r tIiltops, and to lltt apostles tlolltselves, by whlom tieo lirst IittPs oP.wtrn cnIn cruted, ntd'to St..Pelei'r, who was ipr cially sot porit nndt Divtioly appoihttd lyoulr- bloertd Lord .an.l his ucto?,or, 'n~d who r'coulvtd from our Siavioul tite, innue piwerr whlilcl 'Hl I .Hinmnilf p'os. Io ?.,d wlrntl ott eatrtl. Opitt the St'rip: turiea and' you will find that'before our Lord's nslension into Heaven, He com linlionoed his disciples (apoltleo) to go into all thoi world and preaci liis Gos. pel, saying to them--" As my Fathtr halnon- t me, so s0end I you"-" Ld I am with you alway even intot the end of the world." They were ordered to teach ll nlat.iotn, and thio comtiatidr allcr been faithfully carried out by tlio Catholi COhurch which had spreid thic truth into the most reonte regions, and nlongol t he most alge anlld bar barous people. 'Our Saviour sunbered IIUOch in this world through p Crsecn tion. scourgilg, mocking, and at last .ulruring. the most ignuminous andl cruel death, and e!veryobe o? hiis devo. ted apostles, with the exception of St John, also undedrwoent persocutions, iim prionomlenta, torturll and dleat, for the eake of salvltion and eterlal life thlrough Jesus Christ our Lord. In the, Catholic Chlluich ine the days, of the po hereo, thlrc have been mliny faithful su'rvantltt and lmartyrs for Clhrist's sake, who are held ud ld hon or-d ill just and high rellln'branlc for their sacrifice of self anid the world, for the pure and imporishohln erown of glor Ihostowed upon all Christ'o good and faithful servants. Referring to the 'rrection of the handsome building in whichl they were thenll assRoUbled, lie said it was' i good and prai.ewortlly work to establish a lchurchll for the worship of God. They had done this willingly and cleerfully, and rad had given a very generous re eponet to the calllnodu uplonlthrIi for aid by their conmmittee, who had been vern energetic ill their endeavor8 for the advancemnent and welfare of the Church. But they must all keep in ,mind that this was not enough; they mstuotttend regulorly'nt Divine wor nh!p on all occaosinot, and do their duty asm incere Chria'ians by diligently and naaneatly joiiugl:;in all lobservlilics and rites enjoined on a?cred duties.iy tihe Church and His Holinesn;":ithb Pope, and by so doing they woR1ul prove tholiielves worthy iimemberI of the true church and faithful followers of our Blehsed Saviour. They itlut, also live in love and sympathy with their neighbors antd by following "tle faith of Chlristiall duty, they would rap theit reward on tihat greot acid awful day in which all rlnl woul ,he ja Iged Iefore the throun, whit 't e would Ihear the joy(nllwodtls-- " \Wil done thou uood and fnitllful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lordtl. 