NEWS AND NOTES IN A NUTSHELL THE LEADING INCIDENTS OF THE DAY CONDENSED, WITH CURT COMMENT THEREON. THE BUSY MAN'S COLUMN. SPECIAL NOTICE. The Herald has the largest circulation of any newspaper in Victoria, except the "Age." Our Fourth and Fifth Edition matter will be found on Page 4. A FIFTH EDITION of THE HERALD is published daily. Wheat market active and firm. Victorian Loan prospects good. Tho Duke of Somerset, aged 80, is dead. Advance of a halfpenny in the price of silver. Signs of the severe frost in Europe breaking. Associated Banks likely to he disassociated. Excursion steamer Lonsdale floated off this morning. Vigorous borrowing policy in favor in West Australia. R.M.S. Carthage resumed voyage to Sydney this afternoon. The Sioux Indiana are said to be ready to surrender, but object to deliver up their arms. This quarter's bank returns valueless syndicating present position. Bankers' opinion. Sunken ship, Cape Verde, after being eighteen months below water, still in same place. P. and O. R M.S. Maasilia, homeward bound, due in Bay to-morrow morning from Sydney. The fifth Strange Story, by James Greenwood, "Where the Laugh Came In," will appear tomorrow (Wednesday). Victorian brandy manufactured from Victorian wine, pronounced by experts equal to the finest Cognac. Advance Australia! Cablegram from Auckland reports the ship Ayrshire, for Glasgow, ashore on the N.E. coast of New Caledonia. Expected to be got off. Victorian exports for 1890 show an increase ; imports a decrease. This is a step in the-right direction. So much less to pay for, and so much more to be paid for. Messrs W. R. Looker and Sons have received the following telegram from Stainburn Downs, Aramac, Queensland, dated 12th inst.:—"Have had four inches rain. Creeks running." It is stated on authority that Madame Norman Neruda (Lady Charles Halle) has expressed a desire to return to these shores. She says she has seen a good deal of Cottonopolis, and not enough of Australia. The arrivals in the Bay this morning comprised the Governor Weld, ketch, from Port Esperance ; Santon, steamer, from Newcastle ; Elderslie, steamer, from London via Ports ; and the Pateena, steamer, from Launceston. Myrtle Webster, 21 years of age, residing as Roslyn House Lonsdale street, attempted to commit suicide this morning by swallowing a mixture of Goody's fluid and belladonna. She was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, and is progressing favorably. The new Stock Exchange of Melbourne is alleged to be all right outside, and all wrong inside. Members complain that there is insufficient accommodation inside They state that there are already more members than can be seated, there being 128 members and accommodation to seat 125. A correspondent writes:— Compulsory Early Closing battle in Hawthorn Vigilance Committee on the warpath, customers stopped and questioned, shops nightly watched, aid of the police sought, shopkeepers indignant and seek protection from City Council, petitions from all trades being freely signed. Where will it all end? The usual Tuesday's business at the District Court to-day, which means that there was nothing but much bickering over debts of a trifling nature. Giidiwdi many of them were so small that they were not worth troubling over. But, perhaps, it was the principle. Ah, the principle of the thing! There is talk of the great Rubenstein coming to Melbourne. It is rumored that certain gentlemen who move conspicuously in Collin street musical circles are endeavoring to induce the world-famed artist to visit these shores Rubenstein says that if he comes to Australia he wants L200 a night. It remains to be seen what The Block can do, and how daring its leading musical caterers are. Will the Australian public pay the prices necessary for a good thing? Nobody seems to be impressed with the curious coincidence that New South Wales and Victoria have now got Governors allied to two great banking houses in London ; Lord Hopetoun with that of Sir Charles Scott, Baronet, and Co.; Lord Jersey with that of Child's— the oldest bank in the English metropolis. Great Scott! There should be no Child's play now in our financial relations, with the relations of such monied magnates at the head of these Governments. At the London County Sessions, last month, a man named Joshua Woodhouse was charged with refusing to assist a police constable when called on in the Queen's name to do so. A man had been given into the custody of a detective on the charge of theft. A number of roughs endeavored to rescue the prisoner, whereupon the constable exclaimed, "In the Queen's name come and assist me." The defendant put his hands in his pockets and walked away, saying, "Not me ; I don't want to get a hiding." Mr Littler, Q.C., ordered him to pay a fine of L20. The same law obtains here. Dr Carver having shown Wild America in Australia, will next show Wild Australia in America. He intends to organise a company of aborigines from the north, and take them to the United States. The blackfellows boomerang throwing, if the doctor gets men skilled with that weapon, should prove interesting to our American cousins. A well-carried- out corroboree also would be a contrast to the ordinary Indian war dancing. It is said that no white man has ever witnessed the fanatical ghost dance in which the Sioux Indians are now indulging in, or, at least, if any pale face has seen it he has not lived to describe it. "Why some women," said the Rev. D. M. Ross, minded-to give some wise words to wives, in the course of a lecture on Family Life, delivered at Dundee, in December, "should like to draw attention to themselves, by the splendor of their dress and jewels, is a bit of a mystery to me. A dressy woman is amply advertising that she is a poor soul — meagrely endowed in mind and heart. The finery in which she axults is a beacon to warn sensible people eff the ground. Why will women be so ooolish as to let everybody know of the jhinness of their characters? What a sinister influence a worldly, self- centred twoman can exercise over her husband. The better part of his nature is starved for want of sympathy." The German papers last to hand show that extaordinary interest has been roused by an elaborate speech from the Emperor, attacking classical education. He declared that his own education in history was worthless, because he was taught about all times save his own and but for the private instruction of Dr. Hinzpeter, he would have been an ignoramus. He further claimed that German literature should be the foundation, instead of Latin and Greek. The tone of the German Emperor's speech is quite in accord with that of a speech recently delivered by M. Rockroy, French Minister of Education, equally bitter on the pedagogues. He made the same claims for France that the Emperor did for Germany, and altogether there are signs that antiquated systems will be superseded in both countries. Some little while since the Proprietors of THE HERALD concluded an arrangement with the Reuter Telegram Company, which came into force at the commencement of the year, and has already proved of great benefit to our readers. Under the new system, cable messages are lodged in London at hours that specially suit the publishing times of this journal ; that is to say, they are despatched the moment any item of interest reaches Reuter's head office in London. As most of the important items reach the world's metropolis very late at night, or in the small hours of the morning it follows, with the difference between London and Melbourne time, if they are sent on at once they reach this end in time for publication the same evening. This has been shown on nearly every day since the commencement of the year. Almost daily our Cable Service has been very full and interesting, and on many occasions the intelligence has been quite of the "live" and important order. In our Fourth and Fifth Editions we now publish the "Very Latest Cables," and these are usually all dated from London on the day of publication. Our readers who are interested in British and foreign intelligence would do well to watch for these editions. They may rely on obtaining the very latest intelligence in them. The Earl of Jersey, attended by Lord Ancrum, A.D.C., visited the General Post Office this morning, and was shown over the building by Mr J. G. Duffy, Postmaster-General, and Mr Jas. Smibert, Deputy Postmaster-General. The following members of the Cabinet were also present:— Mr J. M. Davies, Mr Simon Fraser, Mr Ham, Mr M'Lean, Mr Outtrim, Mr Graham, and Mr Stuart. His Lordship made a thorough inspection of the various departments, including the telegraph rooms, money order office, letter sorting, etc. He took much interest in the various matters and expressed - himself surprised at the magnitude of the building, and highly pleased with the arrangements. An ascent of the tower was made, and a fine view obtained of the city and neighborhood. At the close of the visit, the new Governor of New South Wales and the Ministerial party partook of a glass of wine together in the Postmaster-General's room, while the National Anthem was rung on the Post Office carillons. In bidding Mr Duffy and his colleagues "Good-bye," Lord Jersey expressed a hope that he would have the pleasure of seeing them on other occasions. The team of cricketers representing the Sydney University arrived at Spencer street this afternoon by the Sydney express, which was nearly an hour late. They were welcomed by Dr Ray president of the Melbourne University Cricket Club, at the Oriental Hotel. The match commences on the M.C.C. ground to-morrow, Melbourne University hopes to win this match. The home team is raid to be stronger, and the Sydney team weaker, than formerly. The disorderly women who nightly frequent the precincts of Prince's Bridge were described by a constable this morning in the City Court as being "like a flock of sheep." What a comparison! But perhaps he meant black sheep. Anyway, the Bench are very severe on such women, and have declared that they will not permit that respectable portion of the city to be polluted. The Rev. Christopher J. Moore, an elderly and accredited Minister of the Presbyterian Church, was charged at the City Court this morning with stealing a book, the property of the trustees of the Public Library. Mr. Moore admitted taking the book, but denied any felonious intention. The Bench believed his plea, and telling him he had committed gross irregularity, though not theft, discharged him. Report on Page 2. The market in silver shares was steady. Block to L13 11s. Block 14, L6 18s. British, 69s. Broken Hill (Colonial Register), L12 10s 6d. South paid, L5 11s. Contributing 97s. Junctions, 63s 6d. North, 10s 3d, 10s 4½d. Central, paid, L6 13s 6d, L6 14s. Comet, 25s, 25s 1½d. Australia 6s, 6s 3d. Adelaide Proprietary, 8s 7½d. Trams, 95s, 95s 6d. Silverton Tramway, L9 12s 6d, L9 12s. Equity Trustees, 32s. Bear Hill, 3s 6d, 3s 7d. Star of the East, L15 5s Mount Wills, 11s 3d. "Your husband escaped the punishment of the law last time he was charged with assaulting you because no promised to take the pledge, did he not?" "Yes." "How long did he keep the pledge?" "Till he got outside." Pledges — except they be those which pertain in the commercial world— are too frequently written in sand and are just as unstable. 