Sporting Gossip. [BY THE VAGRANT.] In America an apparatus has been invented by which footraces can be, and are, timed by electricity, and the results o£ testa are that in all trials the machine 6hows slower time than the best handled watches. I really wonder what the differences be- tween the apparatus and the chronographs held by the New Zealand timekeepers at the late amateur meeting would have been if the attempt had been made ? At the gathering the well-known Sydney amateur W. T. Macpherson was given credit for running 100 yarda in 9ft sees., by one authority, and dead evens by another. That is wonderful enough, but in the 260 yard« Billy started from scratch and ran the distance in 24yfc sees., or seven yardB under even time, the record for the world. In Sydney shortly before the team left, Macpherson in a trial was said to have run 100 yards in 10 sees., 250 yards in 27ft sees., and his best go ovei 220 yards was 22f»ô secs. Now, I would like to know how, if he occupied four yards over evens running 220 yards, did he manage to run the nest 30 yards in eleven yards better than evens, or, to put it otherwise, how did he get over 30 yards in lTo sees. P It muat not be forgotten, either, that the track on which Macpherson ran in New Zealand was a grass one, but it was straight, and a slight wind blew in the runners' backs. To put the mat- ter so as the uninitiated will clearly understand the marvellous character of the feat which the New Zealand mugs ask us to believe, it is necessary to make a comparison. Fred. Kingsmill is about the best professional runner we have over 250 yards, and he has never shown better than about two or three yards outside evens, and that on a prepared track. What sort of a chance would Mr. Macpherson have of putting the long coon on say seven yards and beating him ? Then again Macpherson, who is a notoriously slow starter, gets away badly and still put3 up two yards inside evens for 100. Wally Williams is our best professional sprinter, and he would have to be very well to do evens after starting beautifully. What sort of a race would it be if Mac put him up two yards in five score ? Take my word for it the gentlemen who ran away wita the idea that Mac- pherson was flying in New Zealand and annoyed their poor watches into believing it, would do much more execution with the family axe and a pile of wood. There aro fully half a dozen pros, in Sydney who c*n beat Macpherson over his own pet dis- tances, but I'm blowed if there's one who can hold a candle forth the beautifully verdant jokers who wear watches in the land of the Moa. It is said that Teddy Keys is getting tired of Beeing Sir William humping weights with which he has not the ghost of a chance of winning, and that he intends schooling the son of Sir Modred for the illegitimate game. Horseowners will doubtless notice that a race meeting will be held at Jerry's Plains on the 13th proximo, when a fair programme will be run for. The gathering is only a week before the Singleton reunion, so that trainers may patronise both places. The course is said to be an excellent one, and it is bopod a club can be formed at the Plains on a firm basis. Mr. W. C. Quinton will arrange the handi- caps. A friend who has seen the Tocal yearlings in- forms me that the famous stud has never turned out such a fine crop of youngsters. Some of the fillies, especially, are beauties, but as I intend to shortly make my annual pilgrhmnage to the old homestead I will then see and judge for myself. A colt named Bonnie Bairn that won the Sires' Produce Stakes at the late Hobart meeting, is said to be a good one, and so he ought to be, as he is bred on almost ideal lines. He is by Assyrian, winner of the Melbourne Cup, from Blink Bonny, winner of the Caulfield Cup, and he is owned by Mr. G. Talbot, who has already refused several big offers for him. Teksum, who was considered to have a first-class show of annexing the Newmarket Handicap, is re- ported to be in Queer-Btreet, and has been pretty wellknocked about in the betting. On the other hand Megaphone waa reported to have injured himself somewhat seriously, and his trainer is credited with saying he would be unable to.get him to the post, but he looks sound, workB sound, and is soundly backed, all attempts at decrying his chances not- withstanding. Indeed he is now almost equal favourite with Greygown for the Australian Cup, and as I selected this pair when the weights came out I have every reason so far to be satisfied with my choice. It is reported that the well-known veterinary surgeon Mr. ¥. W. Day, has been commissioned by Mr. S. Hordern to proceed to England and there select twelve mares to be be mated with Norden f eldt, and as price will be no object the colony should , shortly be enriched by some aristooratic equine matrons. Many turfites in Australia sternly set their faces againBt the early racing of two-year-olds, whilst not a few are of opinion that youngsters should not carry silk at all until well into their third year, but these latter I confess, are assuredly of the old school. There has been much argument over the matter, but as on most questions a good deal can be said for and against, as whilst a precocious colt or filly will do well early and do it without injury, a big, lumbering animal wants time for his muscles to mature and strengthen, and thus the question has never been settled, and probably never will. In America they don't appear to bother themselves about the matter of age, for as soon as a youngster shows pace it is taken in hand with the object of making it earn its own living. One trainer, especi- ally, put a fourteen months old colt into work, and he wun ten races before he waB fully two-years- old, and the man was so satisfied with the experiment that he is seriously thinking of starting a yearling, whilst some of the clubs in the land of the stars and stripes are considering the advisableness of catering for such people by placing a race for yearlings on their cards. For my own part I think it savors much of brutality to take a colt or filly whose bones are little more than gristle, and whose muscles are mere flabby formations, and after a little preparation, ask it to carry a burden at racing pace. Is it not reasonable to imagine that the punishment inflicted on the youngster as a yearling will cow it, that it will remember the whirling slash of the whip and the stab of the spur in the days to come, and that its krave spirit will be crushed by the remembrance, just as a burnt child dreads the fire. The racing yearlings should be discouraged, even stamped out by rules and regulations, but I am not at all afraid it will ever become popular in the colonies. Capricornus, a mare well known in the Narrabri district, where she had ran for years, subsequent to her appearance about Newcastle, Wallsend and Maitland in hack events, has made her debut in the metropolis in galloway races, so far, however, with- out filling a place. Somehow or other the old daughter of Goldsbrougb and Melita is looked upon as a champion in some quarters in the metropolis, and an outcry has been made about her so-called lenient treatment, one journal in 'particular being conspicuous in the movement. People who know Capricornus beBt are inclined to laugh at the great sensation. Some two or three years back she was certainly a fair little mare in the1 back blocks, but so soon as she got into decent company she was en- tirely out-classed, and used to be cruelly treated at Narrabri and Gunnedah simply because the handi capper-who was often Mr. Quinton-had too high a standard for the crocks to whom the chestnut used to give away weight at some of the wire fence meetings where she shone as a champion because sha was always in condition. The clever division who are raising sheol over Capricornus know nothing of her except her form on paper, often very misleading, and handicappers are not deserving of the title if they notice them. The mare has seen her best day, but of course whilst she remains sound and shows a little pace it is pos- sible to win a galloway race with her, but even among the lilipntians she is far from being the champion some people desire others to believe. During a recent cricket match between the Stanley and Albert Clubs in Brisbane a remarkable incident occurred. Cunningham, who is a crack bat, and another opened the innings for the Stanley C. C, and strange to say when the innings olossd for 26 all the runs had'been compiled by Cunningham, not out, the other ten batsmen having the much despised 0 attached to their names. Science sometimes helps Nature in a truly wonderful manner, not alone in diverting streams into a useful channel, in subduing springs, gas wells, waterfalls, and~the thousand and one great I engineering works which will always be a monu- ment to man's knowledge and dexterity, but it oc- casionally steps in and helps the unsophisticated Beeker after ooftish in the snag bestrewn pathway of horseracing. A couple of weeks back I men- ' tioned the wonderful influence the atmosphere of the Metropolis had on a father well-known pony in making it shrink rather more than half a hand -and now I may as well let my readers into the secret of how science or knowledge or cunning, or whatever you may wish to call it, worked a very similar process by very different means. Some _ months back a very promising look- ing little howe was discovered by a specu- lative joker, but when measured he waa found to be just a shade too high to run as a gallo- way. Science then came to the fore in an inspira- tion, and a structure somewhat resembling the new fashioned measuring stand was erected, but instead of the ordinary light bar which lies across the horse was a ponderous slab. Under this the nag was led, the slab lowered heavily on his wither, and there he waa allowed to stay and reflect. The operation was repeated every day for several hours for many weeks, until the horse had become so accustomed to shrinking from the weight of the slab that he did so naturally after a time if any- thing approached his wither, and did it so well, too, that the action was almost imperceptible. Then knowledge looked for its reward : the horse was taken to Sydney, and although regarded some- what suspiciously by the officiai measurers and left under the stand for a much longer time than usual, he eventually came out of the ordeal with flying colours, was granted a certificate, and has won several races about Sydney. Done well, that trick, wasn't it ? The New Zealand sculler Stevenson, who has lately had a very successful time of it in Sydney, will probably shortly leave for America-that is if he does not get on a match with Neil Matterson. Stevenson is pretty well at the head of the ÜBt of second rate scullers-if not quite there, and as he is a strong, determined, improving man it is pos- sible he will at no distant date make a bid for championship honours. The cleverness of Choynski was insufficient to prevent Goddard's rapid ascension of the ladder of pugilistic fame, and the fact has become more patent that the man who undertakes to whip the big Barrier bruiser will have to be more than a boxer : he will have to be big, strong, and determined, and not at all particular as to how or when he exerts those qualities. Goddard is about 30 years of age, a big, strong fellow, all bone and muscle, a man who never drank or abused himself in any way, and who worked hard all the days of his life. If he had been taken in hand some four or five years ago by Poley, say, he would certainly long ere this have been champion of the world, as he takes punishment with the utmost sangfroid, but he is not at all clever. Ho simply rushes and hits, and if he misses he keeps on rushing until he reaches his opponent. He had no chance of hitting Choynski whilst the men stood up and boxed, but he rushed the lighter American all over the ring, and when he caught him he was not particular whether he hit or thrcv him and fell on him. Once Choynski was against the ropes when Goddard stepped back as a bull does to gain momentum, and then he rushed, pushed the Yankee clean over the ropes, and fell on him. It was not the blows which he re- ceived-for he was practically unhurt by them so much as the scruflling, bruising, and bumping he got in the falls that beat Choynski, and from what I can read of the battle it is evident that the referee was very lax in his interpretation of the rules. The vanquished man is only twenty-two years of ago, and a decent, gentlemanly lad ¡ he is a very clever two-handed fighter, but he is not heavy enough or set enough or strong enough to meet the Barrier Whirlwind, although it is a great pity that he was beaten in such a questionable way. Had not tired Nature given out he would probably have won in the third round when he had Goddard dead to the world, but once moro the eagle had to go down to the all- conquering kangaroo. It must not be thought from what I have written that I have a very poor idea of the winner's prowess. Far from it When Jackson made that ill judged and ill-timed match I wrote that Peter had probably bitten off more than he could chew, as Goddard was in all likelihood a better man than Eilrain. And so h« is. But be is not a champion, at any rate I don'l- think so, and will refuse to vote him with champions until he meets and defeats Jackson or Slavin when that scapping pair are fit and well, and in a 3ght at which the referee knows his duty and doe? it. JuBt now Goddard sails so near the rocks of i ? nfairness that it is odds on him I being wrecked on .hem in one of the big engage- ments he gets ini >. Dutch and B»'>i>ar are to row on the Nepean on Thursday next. :or ¿8100 a-side. This river has been chosen inn-1'nd of the historic Parramatta as there is a bettei oourse there, and very few people patronise the st .amers on the river now-a-days. If Bubear is stron - and well, he should beat Dutch. Jackson and Corbett will do battle in the ring of the California A '-.hletic Club on the evening of May 21, the purse to" ting up to 8500 dollars (JßlTOO) to the winner, ant! 1500 dollars to the loser. Peter will probably have the services of his old trainer Sam " Fitzpatrick" before the eventful day, and if our ebony idol goes to the scratch as well as in some of his pravioua contests, the fighttroght to be a payable picnic for him. It is said on good authority that The Admiral has got over what was at the worst a mere trifling ailment, but that he will not start for the Austra- lian Cup. Mr. S. G. Cook fancies " the seaman's" stable mate Jebusite for the big handicap, but he will ask the Derby winner to splash for the St. Leger. Mr. Mat. O'shanassy recently imported several highly-bred blood mares, from England, all stinted to well-known performers, but bad luck has already commenced to deal with him. One of the mares, Silvia, by Thurio, dropped a filly to the English Derby winner Ayrshire, but the youngster only lived a few hours. Last week I gave space to aotne complimentary commenta from a Sydney friend about the two year-olóV Stromboli, but I did not think my pal's eulogium would so soon gain a certain amount of verification. In the Nursery Handicap at Warwick Farm, on Saturday, Volcano's brother cacried 8st 71b like a toff, and won in a- common canter in 1 min. 4i sees. The son of Chester and Etna is not a beauty to look at, but it is e rident he can gallop very fast, and he has already a large number of admirers for the Derbies. It will be remembered that Payten won the Oakleigh Handi- cap with Titan at 7st 91b, and as Stromboli has been let off with 6sfc 111b in the same event this season it is within the bounds of possibility that Payten will repeat the dose. The Australian mare Lady Betty has taken her farewell of the English turf, and the career of the daughter of St. Albans and Paradox at the Btud will be eagerly watched. Another item of news is that Kirkham is being trained for the jumping business, a game at which his relative Narellan has already appeared. It is rather a come down for two colts which were going to share all the English plnnsio racea between them. The committee of the Plattsburg and Wallsend Amateur Turf Club conceded the conditions im- posed by the Wallsend Jockey Club, and its race meeting will take place on the Wallsend course on Saturday next. The handicaps are due to- day. Mrs. James White's manager and the Hon. W. A. Long have sent to England for blood stallions, the one bound for Kirkham being destined to take old Chester's place. At the Canterburk Park meeting to-day I think Gaytime and Re are about the best in the Flying Stakes ¡ Yowi ought on public form be able to land the Park Stakes ; if Splendora's time has come she looks best in the Welter Handicap, and she has most to fear from Ariadne, but I fancy the daughter of Splendor will win this event or the Steward's Mile ; Pet Girl and Yowi have the most enticing appearance in the February Handicap. There is a wide margin of difference between the quotations in Melbourne and Sydney over the Newmarket Handicap. In the former place Marvel has been supported for more money than any other horse in the race, and indications are that the son of Marvellous is a fair spinner for the big sir furlongs dash. Merriment, too, has been, kept for a long time, but has been backed for a lot of money, whilst Bungebah and Too Soon are eaoh at about 100 to 6. Ginger, Fernando, Teksnm, Cooramin, and one or two others are also in great favour. In Sydney the flying Bungebah has most friends at a point shorter than anything else. From what I can learn the boxing contest in the Theatre on Monday evening between Vipon and Woods for £20 a-side is a fair dinkum go that will be well worth witnessing. Tommy Vipon is a well known performer with the gloves and running shoes about the Newcastle district, and he has travelled the Northern towns with fair success at both games. He strips a little over 10st., can fight like a Kilkenny cat, and is as game as a bull-dog. Some- time ago there was talk of a match between Vipon and Griffo in the field, and if the encounter came off Griffo would not have felt too well after it. Tom Woods hails from Hillgrove, but is at present a resident of Maitland. About the mines he is regarded somewhat as a champion, and has won several matches with the raw uns and with the "pillows." He and Vipon have long been growling, and Monday night's affair should result in real business. Woods has about a stone the best of the weights and is very confident that he can put the Lambton pet in his little bed. The well-known racing pony Dunwell changed hands a few days ago, his purchaser being a Victo- rian who got his money back in the first attempt over the border. The Wallsend Jockey Club will hold a day's races on Easter Monday, when a good bill of fare will be presented. Lord Jersey has definitely consented to visit West Maitland and open the forthcoming exhibi- tion, and I would again impress on the local Jockey Club the advisableness of holding a day's racing when it should be easy to secure the patronage of his Excellency. Mick Dooley and Choynski are to be matched for ¿200 a-side, and a side wager of ¿£150. 