Town' Talk. That the waterwork. ghost is row supposrd to be laid for ever, which is a oonaummatios muoh to be desired. That anyway he ghost has walked so often and so long that it oeght to be tired. Th.t if it ever does walk again it will he immediately " wraseled" with, thrown accord ing to catch-as ateeh- can style, boried in a big hole, and have lime huacked on it. That it is osfidently believed that that soill rettle it. That the oricket eseason is now "on," and it is hoped that it will be a good oae. That the cricketing glories of Ipswich have not yet departed. That there is as good etaff knooking round now as ever there was. That it.therefore, devo!ves upon the aid etuff to come forward and chow itself. That it is to be hoped there will be no L?n?e ing back, bheasuse Bill Jones or his coun.o is elected captain instead of Bob Brown or hie brother Jack. That if the cricketers want to know hoew to make '91and '92 a seerss, from acricke:ing point of view, the "T.T." man will tell thens, and charge nothing for doing co. That the secret is simply thie-[ePaocTC , AneD DON'T FLTtE I] That the Charleville bore waters turn out to be of a doecidedly valuable character. That Queensland is learning something new about her wonderful colony every day. That if everything that is said about the Obhslleville waters is gueospel, then Aana and Phorphas, rivers of Damoasone, can't hold a candle to the Charleville spring. That the figure is slightly Oronk, but it is good enongh in these dunll timi,. That it is matter for speaulation what eff ot bathing in the Chbarleville stream would have on shearers. That that is to say, whether the waters would turn a unionist intoes free labourer, or a free labourer into a uniehlst ! That if what the " T.T." man has hseard lately is tree, some sort of water has turned some free laboerers into unionists. That the Bailway Employees' Assoloation deserve credit for looking'after that aiek man who was both sick and unfortunate. That that is the sort of unionism which everybody can admire, be he Jew or Greek, houd or free. That a chess club is now formed, and we are going to have some Blackhrnres, Cchranes, Evans'e, and Morphy's; That it is needless to sty that this means that before long some other players somewhere else will get no end of a hiding. That you can't liok-. That that great aud good man Balmaceds has gone hence, That his reign was abort, but it wasn't merry. That that has been the way of a good manl patriots one time and another. That some Australian patrote ought to take earning thereby. That Atkinson's lecture on "Our anoestora" will, no doubt, be very interesting. That that gentleman has a keen sense of hubnmour, and, although the "T.." man doesn't know whether J.B. has put any of it in his paper cr not, he is seare that the said paper will be worth beatring, That a terrible doubt has joet entered the "T T." man's mini like a two-edged sword is Atkiusoo sound on that question That that is, does he favour the evolution, protoplsm, primordial germ theory, or does he believe in the oommon every-day view of the matter t That this is a point of the gmvest importanose, and the great teaoher musat see Atklnson about it before he oan allow him to give the looter. That Germany most be a nine plane for newspaper people (and "labour leaders") to live in. That if a big bog is oritioised there, the critic gets six or twelve months, and gets it hard. That, similarly, "labour leaders" are oars fells attended to by the State with an affetion ate solicitude beyond all praise. That, consequently, it would soon. make British people tired to live there, and ponder. eing on this fa0t may help them to put up with their hard lot in these colonies. That the question now agitating north side rotopayers is, Who is to be 8piagall's esn ocean ?~ That they will have some dffionlty in get tiog a bet'eor mar-, s M~b retired alderman always stack wp well for his constituents. That it is reported that seyeral dak horses have been training for some time on the quiet for the North Ward tBakes. That a couple of them are said to have taken the ewcoters off now, uas they are of opinion that they are as fitas fiddlels--:raiced to the hour, in foct. That the Ipswich Turf Clob rates this week were very asocessful, Itom a rating point of view. That the attenoanoe, however, might have toesn better. .hasr, during the meet, there were two re prieves and aosd one retrieve. That, in the frat pl. ce, there wasee Reprieve, the horse; eocndly, Reprieve retrieved his fortune; and, thirdly, Bepriove's nominator got a reprieve That thereis an old poverb to the ffeet that honesty is the beet policy - thet is to cay, it in the bret cord to play. Thee, in ether words, honesty is us good si the joker and both bowers eombined, sand therefore it most be plain that ig is the correct thing to ploy the honeet,.eald early, and play it often, and pley it always. That the audience will now open their Hasn eard at page 212 and read about Parliameet. That one of the fiBrst things to attract their atteutitn will be thau door. That it is a pity snoh a petty little thing was ever brought before the Honse. That those who couldu't get in at one door could surely get in at another. That, for all that, its dosing mella rather .rbitrary. That, nevertheless, tlhe matter could surely have been arranged amicably withnout the time of the House bein~ wasted and such a tregio ppeeh as Morehead a being made. That the audience will now rise and sing "The barrio' of oor douCr. weet, weel weel l The harrin' of oor door, weel I" That they will now turn up to page 300, and read about the payment of members' repeal pro. posel. That they will observe that the patriotic House clnoked it out, and then stamped on it. That the same House imposed a eax on the newspapers of all the farmers thkoughont the colony. That both newspaperowners and farmers must be bled, but the ohoasen of the oountry mnuen't-oh,dear, no, their hard.earned money mumot goon all the same, That it will be seen that only thirty-foer members voted-now, where were the other thilrty-eight. That the country pay, seventy-two servants to do its bnsinoese, and more than half of the soaid servants neglected it on that importanot oceasion. N.B., P.8., P.T.O., Note this I That the audience will next scan the division list and see how members voted. That the students of political life will care folly note the names, because they will show what a wonderful thing self-interest is. That when it is a matter of obotoe between eelf-ioterest and patriotism, patriotism is dropped like a hot egg. That the "T.T." man is absolutely disgusted at the result of that division. That poltloal students will now shut their books, eetire into thtir closets, and pray for a general election, for, by the holy frost, it is badly wanted. 