WIT AND HUMOR. HOW TO WASH CLOTHES WITHOUT RUBBING. Take a quarter bar of Genuine Magic Soap, dis solve In from 12gal. to 15gal water (an ordinary copper). When the water is boiling thoroughly, nut in the dirty clothes (which need not be steeped Beforehand) and boil (or twenty minutes, occa sionally stirring them up with a stick. Then rinse well' twice in' cold water, and they will be perfectly clean and white. Be careful to get Genuine Magic (stamped “a heart pierced with an arrow”),' for it does not injure the finest clothes or tenacrcst skin, which many imitations do,— (AdH.) - Tho best time to think is before you net. .. a close calls mouth for few assessments, and! pays big dividends. The debt of nature is one that a.man always pays os ho goes. Quizz (.fishing for sympathy)—Do you suffer with neuralgia. Fiz (emphatically)— Always, when I have it ■’ The coming woman will not marry until Sheris able to support a husband in tho stylo she has been accustomed to at homo. Ladies seldom hit tho nail on the head. They arc more apt to hit the nail on the finger. Tho minister—Have you over cast your bread ; upon still waters? Mrs, Rivcrbauk (proudly)—Never since ray first batch- A famous quotation—Ha, ha, laughed tho farmer, as ho saw his brood of' incubator chickens como forth, Idid it with my little hatch it. Force of Public Opinion.—A man never thoroughly realises the inconvenience of a small town, until ho has done something mean.,. . Tirailleur has 9st 61b, and Tirnillorio,6st 111b in the cup. As the ancient bard hath ! it-H- • ; Sad that such difference sbould.be , ’Twixt Tirailleur and Tiraillcrie; But if such difference you’d define, Why, write it down as 2 stun 9. Tho young man who knows enough to leave early, bring candy* for her little brother, and makes love to her parents, will hot find course of true love so very rough. Sea sickness, ,saya a modern is like a belief in ghosts; no one will admit“that it troubles him, but everyone has' misgivings on the subject. ■Prison warder (to now prisoner)—Wo always like to assign the prisoners to the trades With which they arc most familiar, and shall bo happy to do so m your case. Prisoner—I’m a commercial traveller. Lawyer (to female witness) —Will you please to toll this court nud jury what your ago is ? Elderly female—What’s the use. They wouldn’t believe mo if I was to tell them. White settlor—Well, how is the now. missionary getting along with his work ? Native—He’s almost done. White settler— Wlmt! Has lie converted tho tribe so soon ? Native—You misuudoistand mo. I said ho was almost done. They are just preparing the gravy. . Tho honey-moon’s last quarter: —Young wife (saying an affectionate good-bye to her husband)—Now, darling, you can’t enjoy a moment while you arc gone, can you, dearest? George (off for a few days’ yachting)—Well, my dear, I can’t tell a lie. Young wife—Oh, darling, please do S Jffiss Sharpe—Oh, how do you do,- Miss Sissy? You are not looking very .well. Mr, Sissy—No, Miss Sharpe-: I’vo a cold or. something in my head. Miss Sharpe (oamly) —I think it must be a cold. , . What do. you do with that base- hall mask?. Why, Johnny is very bad, sometime ? and the'only closet-I have to shut him upim is whore the preserves arc. I put the. .mask: oh' him with a locki and-the preserves are .safe.. -r Cqbhott, when challene'cd to fight .a duel* tho challenger to.draw a figure of Corbett in chalk on tho wall, and if ho succeeded ,in hitting it, to, send word ■ instantly, to Cobbett, so that tho latter might have the oppotunity of acknowledging that, had ho been really , fired at, in all probability ho would have been shot. But whatever the result, said Cobbett, it.can in np way effect, ■the; cause of tho quarrel. ' ! 