THE WOitAiSr'S WORLD, \ , -The Librarian, of, the London Univex-sity says that ; ever since women were admitted to the examinations; ! r he prepares for examination days extra bbttlesjbfl w:it(H'.,i:fThis is. because the senile sex so persistently ! ov"er-\vonc 'themselves aiid get nervous ana excited i that some of tliem always faint, or at least feel so . unwell that they have to give up the examination The meitiahd boys, on the contrai-y, take eveiythijig i very coolly) and never.have to be resuscitated in tlie librarian's office. A i'AsntoN bf the nxom'ehti is- to -give ' -coloured." dinuera or luncheons. Pink, or yellow, for instance, the whole of the table decox'ations being carried out in various shades of the , selected colour, ,eyen the sauces, ices, ind creams being tinted to ''correspond. The newest menu-card is a tiny Louis. XV. screen, with eW-boiately gilded sides and top. M r -To.bc able to inake"Auld things look amaist as wreel's the new" used to be. considei'ed high praise.-. ;No\'v it is the. other way — at least with furnjture, and lady decpi-ators ai'q successfttl in proportion, as they can imitate old Chippendale, old oak,.or;old Sheraton .furniture. Sometimes tlie old h'abit is too strong, for tin. in, .ihoweyer,; -for .inslauce, when a: quaint old .spinett is converted into a prosiac sideboard) and instead of the ghosts of old-world rom'ances, paoiirs .of dinner and black-coated waiters hover,, round it. Such are the mistakes that over-zealous lady decora tors sometimes make. , . Now that the whooping cough season, is at hand, .and the east wind . introduces other disagreeable. . forms of catarrh into the land of the Lilljputs, the subject of the little ones' dress (remarks an authority. , on 'children's clothing, writing in the Daily News) is worth a thought or two. .They have all been, . having new raiment, both boys and girls, .and .after . the trials of standing still to be fitted' and triea on, and the proximity of cold steel in the form of scissors when the "neck was sloped," they are eager to ex perience the pleasantsideofnew clothes and-wcar thoin , as soon as possible. . The children associate light tints, ..and thin , fabrics with summer joys,):', and' vaguely hope, to enjoy the latter when they don the fornxer. . Bubthe. judicious mother knows too well; that the east wind is , much', more treacherous arid dangerous, than the hard frosts we . have so .-.recently expex'ienced. . Warm,-) winter. . . garhxent's' are not to be lightly relinquished, or, if any change be made in the upper strata, the thickness of those . beneath xnust . rather be increased than diminished. It is difficult to obtoin sensible undex'- garuxents for the little ones. They generally stop short just where warmth is needed. Small petticoat- bodices are cut away round the shouldei's, leaving the upper paxL of the chest and back without tlie pro tection they afford to the rest of the body. Thd really sensible petticoat comes upas liighas the dress, with the exception of t.ke( collar of the latter. Many experienced mothexs choose this dangerous season of early spring for putti ng new flannels on the youngsters; They know that often a couglx and cold is thus averted. But too frequently the old traditions are followed. The nursery folk are invested with' new, warm flannels in autumn, when they are not half so badly needed as now. In fornix,- the small garments retain the impress, of the " good old times," when children woxe low bodies and short sleeves all day long, and the under- wear luld to be planned consistently with this custom. Strong and liai-dy men and women were) it is true, sometimes reared under this system, but modern physicians are unanimous in condemning it. The cliniate may have changed. The characteristics arid ' habits of our race may have altered. Certain it is that! "the children of this generation are stronger, .healthier, and happier when neck and arms are clothed than when, the vanity of mothers' causes the pretty little chest and arms to be displayed." Short socks are now seldom, seen on any but, babies in arms/' Long, warm stockings of pure wool are the rule in ; winter and' spring, substituted by a mixture of wool and' cotton or Lisle thread in sumineiV It is quite possible to dress children hvgienically without making frights of them, though some parents do .not seem to think so.: They turn out their girls" such. objects that the, sensitive little souls are exposed toitlie ridicule of their small world, with disastrous) effect upon the tender, gentle spirit. Afavouiatefaa is ( hat of keeping the hair cropped short, like' a boy's." It is true that undue, length of locks is burdensome to the .youthful head and injurious in more ways than one.. But. there is a happy medium which'avoid's this, and at, the same time permits the hair to be the ornament which it is evidently meaut. by Nature' to. lie. Anotheii ugly itern in the programme' the" hygienic school is the loose blouse bodice, which lias absolutely nothing to reconnriend it.. . It -makes the small wearers look round-shouldered ; and though) its reason for existing is based on the theory, that it avei;ts tightness round the waist., every mother knows' that the tendency of nursemaids , is to tighten jits fastenings in order , to get rid of some of untidy" effect. Another good argument against it" is its chilliness. It bulges out frovn, tlie figui'e. and is not half so warm as a garment, that fits" more "closely. Perhaps the very best forin of liouse-dress for children is that which qriginsited some seasons ago in t.lie jex-sey costume for adults. It consists of a long- waisted bodice, to wliieh a short skirt, is attached, the whole being. made ofwarm stockinette) or woollen material. The bodice comes down well over the hips,' and has ei ther a wrong .side, of warm woolliness or a lining of some pure wool fabric. The ordinary dress linings of tlie grown-up weai'er are all wrong, especially forchildren.- They interfere with the benefits conveyed ...by the wool. During the severities of the past, memor able winter some" sensible in others had their little . girls dressed in gowns . of the above description, worn over warrii. woollen knickerbockers to match, with but one comfortable knitted petticoat between. This was, like the woollen underwear, made to come up well in the neck. The outer dress could be modified.; to differences of. temperature. Ribbed woollen stockings of the closest and most protective' make, cover the legs, and must, on no account, be short. They sHoulcl:cover"the limbs well up beneath'' the knickerbockei's. ) In attire of this order many a happy little girl has felt- as independent as her, brother during.'- the long . dark mbiiths, and : lias escaped -the chills and' coxiglis that so easily beset tlie young in our English winter. Nothing better could be d evised for. their wear throughout the next : few weeks, " till May is out." However bright and balmy a day, may shine upon us here and there during the' next .two; months, there is certain to oe a return of the chill east wind. \ \During the last few yeai's, with the one brilliant and delightful exception of May, 1890, we have had liai'dly any warm xveather till the end of June. . Are there any people left who leave off fires in the second week of May and do not light them again till the middle of October ? If the race is not extinct, its members would find kindred spirits in those indi viduals who put their children into summer frocks and sun-bonnets at a certain date in every spring, re gardless of .what, the terripei-ature may be. Tlxese pretty little white sixn-bonnets, delicious as clxildi-en look in them, are by no means a sensible sort of head-, gear at any time. ' They cumber the ears arid neck too much, heating them greatly when the weather is warm and disposing the small wearers to catch cold when .the' bonnet is taken off. The straight-doxyn smock-frocks of last season will continue to be worn through this, and the sensible reefer jacket still holds its own for both boys and girls; It, a ff'ords all needful pi-otectioxx without too much weight, such as is often inseparable fiom a longer coat. Mothers are frequently unaxvare of the fact that their children's frocks and coats have become rather tight, for them across the chest, and even if they notice it, they do not seem to realise how in jurious this is, "owing to the tightness drawing the shoulders -forward and compressing the che-t, xvlien.' expansion ought to be the rule. Adults feel the dis comfort of tightness, and trace it to its source, but., ; children submit to have the hooksor buttons dragged -.over to the eyes or buttonholes, and never think that the consequent, compression is the reason they feel ci'dss and disagreeable: Elders inust 'think for them, . sukI t,ry)for t.heinselves if .there is plenty of breathing room within the lialf- worix bodices and coats, for it is useless to expect the. average nxxrserymaid to pay any attention to details that seenx to her of but little inipox-tance. The newest style, of canvas embroidery (The Queen says) known as " ivory work," axxd is executed upon the best qualities of Fi"encli single-thread tammy cloth. ; The designs have lost mucli of their original formality, and scrolls, arabesques, and conventional . flowers and, leaves are now traced upoi.r,)kQoiiaterial.. The term," ivory " is applied to this enxbx-oiuei-v froiu the fact of cream coloured filoselle alone being used, for the fillings. The outlines, however, may be worked in any colour - that- liajipwis to be convenient, and thus a resemblance, -real or ' fancied,' is obtained to inlaid ivory. Some of . the best effects, are gained by. the use of gold thread as an out lining) but dulLslate,b'rown and tei'ra-cotta: are almost', equally popular. Chain, outline rope stitch and couching are suitable for following the lines of the patterns, while for fillings the worker has an almost unlimited number of fancy stitches to choose fi'om, some of xvhich cover the background closely, whilst others form an open lattice-xvork oxrer it. Ivory xxork may be used for tea-cloths, chair backs, comb and nightdress dases, cushion covers, and many other fancy articles to xvhich such a fabric as canvas is ap- ; propriate. 