THE Mi'RA KEMli EE CO.VI'AXl'. The attractive comedy season by the Mvrn Kcmblo Couipauyi under the management of Messrs Williamson, Garner, and Musgrovc, concluded at the Exhibition Theatre last even-, ins with the production of "Our Flat," a ridiculous three-act comedy which proved ex treme^* amusing to the good house that as sembled despite the rain. The comedy illus trated in an intensely fimuy manner the strange shifts that a young lady and her husband, an unsuccessful dramatic author, whom she married without the paternal con sent, had to resort to before the struggle ended with the fs tlicr's blcssiim. During the 'per formance, after the lured furniture had been distrained, Miss Myra Kcmble, as Margery Sylvester, the author's wife, showed those anxious to experiment with the "Iovcr-in-a cottago delusion" how to furnish a fiat in an economical way. Boxes and bath tubs, under the charitable cloak of drapery and cushions, personated various articles of luxury and ease, nut the helplessness of the delusion being maintained was demonstrated by the astounding gymnastic performances of visitors who found easy chairs to he hollow bath-tubs under a veil, and ottomans nothing more than a skil fully balanced arrangement of boxes. The laughter caused by the exposure of the ghosts of upholstery was continuous and hearty, the agility displayed by Miss Polly Perinan as Bella, the " slavey," getting in any posture except upon the feet, being extremely mirth-provoking. Mr Hubert Iutiiam was successful as Mr Beginald Sylvester,. the dramatic author who gained an unexpected success as a comedy writer through his • wife's ready wit, and a substantial dotartir «is fho re sult of his "slavey's" impromptu negotiations with Mr Nathaniel Glover, the theatrical manager, a part which was effectively main tained by Mr E.W. Itoycc. The other cha racters were represented by Mrs Hill, Misses M. Gallagher, M. Applctou, and M. Brooke, and Messrs W. II. Diver, E. Kelly. C. Brown, II. Bennett, and ,T. Thompson. The Corinth Ship Canal, •which will sever the famous Teloponcscs from the mainland of Greece, and thus convert it into an island (as Lesscps did the whole continent of Africa when he made the Suez Canal) is fast ap proaching- completion. It will enable the largest ships to pas.s straight from the Gulf of Athens to the Gulf of Corinth. The work has been eight years in progress, and was underhiken hy a Ifrencli company. It has no locks, ami is perfectly straight from end to end. The width of the canal is ninety-six feet and the depth thirty-six. The cost is estimated at fourteen million dollars. A branch of fruit culture which has been hitherto neglected in the colony is the growth of those varieties which are especially adapted for diying and canning purposes. "With a view of encouraging the preservation and export of fruit by these i>rocesscs the Minister of Agriculture lias given instruc tions that different samples of fruit-trees shall he obtained and placed in the hands of trustworthy orchard- owners for experimental purposes, so that the most suitable varieties of fruit for different districts may be ascer tained. 