WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL " No, I do not believe inih ists," said an lady of great experience, #ut I do believj the ministration of spirits & This is not nor the country in wtSch the superi fl mrishes. Interest centdS abc ut t le Haunted houses are rental wi hou: i culty, if the landlord is fflling to ki portion of the rent. Tb«&p; are m who will adroit the exegion at peculiar influence swayii led to do thing* we shoi volition—the wisdom appreciate until after how we came to do to learn that worldlyfFwl® ways that which g courses. In this pn what people are lookii in what they see; " the : seen" is to be weighed man iB sick he wants to what medical method But if it does not cure the skill of the phyi method of medicat: sometimes if some tion before it is son, of Melbourn " During the pi ge ral cal. diffioff a owever, some We are our own do not ! wonder are forced is not alto tbe wisest .ge results are They believe ence of things not efature. When a he cares little mployed if it cures, soon begins to doubt and inquire into his *A happy tiling it is Jce induces investigaj?Mr. E. W. Edm indrites.yJlst October, 1890 :— 16 y£grs I have been ailing periodically frqffi? a seri&s; affection of the kidneys, and injftter years&y; complaint became more acute, sojgiat I was frequently seized with stabbing painFin tbe bac>. I hid often pro longed befgfehes, the r&ult; of liver disorder. Fugr years I tlfua suffered, and I thqughjgthis disorder %f the kidneys and live#would bring abdift a more serious iliseafe. JTinally I tried the effects of Warner's safe CIUK and not until the& did I experience any adoration in myconditid|. The use of this medicSe speedily wrought a great change, and fourjffottles effected a compile cure." Note whagTMr. Henry Warwick, of|Lonsd ale-street, Megonrce, says :—30th October, 1890.—For sMp years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unW&arab;'e pains in tlje back and right side, and my digestive organs ftere also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the lijjrer and periodical headaches of a severs nature);. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caueed by the congestion of tbe liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 