ANOTHER INDIAN MUTINY. THE CASE FOR THE DISCONTENTED INDIANS. In view of the Indian outbreak in America it Is worth while noting what is said on be half of the Indians by Professor Robinson, of Ohio. This gentleman says the discontent of tiie Indians is due to "their disappoint ment and chagrin at having sold their birth right in the land for a mess of oottagc, and then finding the pottage withheld from their hungry 'maw." They were recently per suaded to sign a treaty for the sale of their lands on tbe condition that they should be fed and clothed, that their rations should not be diminished and that nothing they then enjoyed should be taken from them. And yet a month after the treaty was signed toe beef allowance was enormously reduced and their annuities and other supplies enor mously curtailed. The American authorities, in short, have not kept faith with tbe Indians. Sitting Bull is Jthe ringleader. ' Buffalo Bill has been mrdered to the seat of the Indian trouble. He has started for Omaha. Colonel Cody's destination is Ne braska. The State militia is said to be ready for service at an .hour's notice. In an inter view Colonel Cody said : — "When do I expect toe trouble will begin? Well, it is like guessing if grass is four inches longer than you would expect it to be every night. As it is a time of year when everything is against an outbreak, no bad Indian still re taining & modicum of sense will go on toe wat path unless be has food for his horse and him self. With the fanatical Sioux, who are now dancing from sunset to sunrise, it is different. Tney believe they are serving tbe Great Spirit. They believe they are celebrating the coming of of tbe Messiah. There will be trouble unless tbe dances are stopped. What appears most ominous to me is tbe widespread influence of the Messiah movement. The Indians do not tele graph and do not write letters, and yet all tbe Western tribes, from tbe coast of the Mississippi and from British Columbia to Arizooa, are dancing the Ghost Donce,and looking forward to tbe coming of tbe Great Leader. They will dance, yell, and tear their bodies until they are fairly wild ; and then go and scalp defenceless settlers. On the other hand, the interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war, so that it looks bad either way. Of all bad Indians, Sitting Bull is tbe worst. Rock Bear and JEted Shirt, who are fighting chiefs, will do whatever is necessary to defeat Sitting BalL These were with me. Sitting Bull will always be found with the disturbing element. If there is no disturbing element he will foment one. He is a daocerons Indian, and bis conduct now nor- , tends trouble.- —Trutli. 