ILINEM1OA. AiN ORIGINAL NEW ZEALAND ROMANCE. BY 1ENAtE TE KAUsPA. CHAPTER XXXV. A TRAGEDY. THE ERUPTION. ALL eyes turned in the direction of the voice. The bearers half-lowered their victim. Hastening over the ridge be hind them was Roka, the hunchback. She sprang in amongst them, her twisted body shaking with excite ment. "Taihoa !" she repeated; " wait, my friends. Let the pakeha hear my words. My eyes also must feast upon him. Hear me, O pakeha ! Thou hast been caught in the net thy enemy set for thee, and thy death is at hand. So will Te Waata destroy thee, and Hinemoa will remain to be his bride, not thine. Ha, ha ! Roka, the crooked, will enter his thoughts no more. Listen to me, for my heart is full of joy this night. Roka has seen the soft-faced maiden. This night has she been with her. My words entered into her soul like a spear. The magic spell came upon her, and her mind grew dark, dark as these burning waters. Light has departed from her ; she grovels in the dirt believing her lover is dead. Ha ! ha ! Oh ! the sweet music of her wailings; the pleasant sound of her falling tears. Ha ! ha ! ha !" and the hideous crea ture danced around tho young Eng lishman with frantic gyrations. " What sayest thou, proud one, to my tale ?" continued the sybil, bend ing over the helpless man, her eyes ablaze with maniac fury. " Away from me, infernal hag," ex claimed the young man, his heart nearly bursting with pain at the story of the cruelty perpetrated on his gentle Hinemoa. " Would God I were free for a few minutes that I might throttle the hated life out of your despicable body." " Dog of a pakeha! Thus I spurn thy pale body. Thus I spit on thee," cried the infuriated being, suiting her action to her words with foot and mouth. "Away with the son of a hated race ! Let the death-lake claim its victim. Away with him, awy, away, away ! " and she bounded off towards Te Waeta, shrieking forth her impre cations as she went. " What hast thou done to Hine moa ? " demanded the chief sternly. " Complete thy work, and do it quiclly; then learn the rest when all is finished," she answered, with a ferocious, authoritative gesture. " Be ware thou also of the wrath of Roka." Te Waata turned from her angrily. He told the bearers to take up the pakeha once again. The two ranks continued the interrupted dance and insulting song. Again Hugh clenched his teeth and prepared himself for a cruel death so long delayed; his mind dwelling with greater tenderness on Hinemoa. The fatal signal was awaited. Roka and Te Waata stood side by side on the brink of the Black Pool. All was ready for the immolation of the help less prisoner. The chief was about to raise his hand ; another moment and they would be gazing on the agonised struggles of the pakeha. Te Waata's arm was lifted, and the bearers swayed forward to run. The command, how ever, came not. The uplifted arm fell again quickly, and Te Waata bent his head in an attitude of sudden alarm. What sound is that ? It grows more distinct. All hear it now. It grows deeper and louder, and, with the rapidity of thought, is intensified into a deep roar. The bearers in dismay half-drop Hugh to the ground. The roar rushes onward, is near, then is upon them. The ground heaves and cracks. Hugh is dropped and falls to the ground in a sitting position. The bearers, all his late tormentors, are panic-stricken. With cries of terror they turn from the lake and flee from the spot, leaving their prisoner behind them. But what does Hugh see ? What is the fearful spectacle that rivets his attention and makes him shudder at the horror of it ? The earthquake tore away the frail earth-crust that encompassed the lake. The projection on which the wretched chief and his accomplice stood, and from which they hoped to gloat on the white man's tortures, collapsed. The black, angry waters, roused into fury by the earth's disturbance, reared upwards and fell upon the wicked pair. Roka staggered and struggled to main tain a foothold, clutched frautically at Te Waata and dragged him down wards. With piercing yells of awful terror and agony, both fell back into the boiling, merciless, horrible ele ment. A few frantic struggles, a last despairing cry from each, the flesh fell away from their bones and they disappeared for ever boeneath the sur face of the Pool of Death. This then was Hugh's dream; but his enemies were the sacrifice. Sickened and horrified by the awful sight; stifled with the abominable odours that poured over him from the dreadful lake; overcome by the pro longed tension on his nervous system, from the mental and physical suffer ings, Hugh sank to the ground lost to consciousness. But the edges of the lake still crumbled away. The instaiable waters advanced upon him to claim a further oblation. The thin, treacherous, volcanic crust continued to give way. The polluted, fearsome waters still crept on towards the unconscious Hugh, till they nearly touched his feet. The moments flew by with incredible velocity; another minute and the gallant young man would fall beneath the devouring black waves. But suc cour was at hand. Kind hearts and strong hands were near. Paora and his party made all pos sible speed to reach the Black Pool. According to Ropata's information he expected to be in tiime to avert the catastrophe to Hugh. A quarter of a mile from the weird place they were overtaken by Matini and Ropatta. The instant the young Waikato heard of the great danger his beloved master was in, he sprang on Ropata's horse behind the lad, and urged the fiery animal back towards the scene of outrage. " Haere ! Paora, haere ! (hasten !)" he cried to that chief in undisguised tribulation. " We shall not save him, my greatest friend." " Speak not," replied Paora. " Keep thy heart firm and let not our feet find grass. Come, hasten on." As they draw nearer they heard the snappish " Haw-haw " of the fanatical rebels. Then they knew they were at their devilish work. The thought gave them fresh energy and they dashed on. Suddenly there was a lull. Alas !I they cried, it is all over; they are too late. Matini groaned. With a cry for vengeance he flew ahead. There ! they are at it again. Now it is the shrill voice of a woman; and they hear what her words imply. A few more steps and they reached the low ridge enclosing the lake. Another rush and the rescuers were on the top of the siliceous sand-hills, the whole scene being enacted around the lake was before them. Exactly at this moment the earth quake burst upon them, and made each party pause—those in the basin below at their horrible work—those above whose wrathful eyes were on them. Then followed the flight of the terrified conspirators, and as they sprang over the ridge their naked, dusky forms were seized by the men who had been seeking them all day. The terrible fate of Te Waata and Roka, whose death-cries pierced their ears, the rapidly crumbling earth and the encroaching calescent waters upon the motionless form of Hugh, all passed before the eyes of the horrified spectators in a single moment. Matini, with Paora and Ropata close behind him, tore over the shak ing ground towards the prostrate man. He was dead. They are too late to save his life. The inhuman wretches had tortured him to death. So they thought as they raised him. They would however save his body from the angry, lurid waters, clutching at his feet to tear him from their grasp. The ground heaved and began to yield to their weight. But they bore off their burden in safety over the ridge and laid him down on the ground, out of sight, out of hearing, and out of reach of the revolting Black Pool of Death. They severed the flax that bound his arms and feet, and rubbed his limbs to restore circulation. They took off their own garments to cover the naked body of Hugh. But the Euglisman's natural vigour soon asserted itself. Soon his eyes opened and he looked around him, in be wilderment. Then the dreadful scene came back to him, and he jumped to his feet. " Ah ! Pnora, Matini," he ex claimed; " then you have saved me, dear friends. Ropata, too. Good boy ! it was you gave the alarm, eh ? " Then they told him how the boy had followed his captors and over heard their plans. " Where are those wretched men ? Where is Te Waata? " he asked. " Ah ! yes, I remember it all. Oh ! it was horrible." " Tank God, boss, you all safe," said Matini, feelingly. "I like give those black debil-fellers something for all dis to you, my boss. Never mind, dat dam rascal Te Waata all squash up now, no bloomin fear 'bout dat." " Poor wretch ! and that unhappy woman too. But hark ! what is that awful sound ? " Hugh suddenly ex claimed. "It is surely another earth quake like the last that so opportunely came to my aid, only a worse one. No ! By Jove! Look at that! " What was it they saw ? What was that fearful din ? They were spell bound and rooted to the spot; they gazed open- mouthed in wonder and terror at the awful spectacle. All these events succeeded each other in less time than it takes to de scribe them. The earthquake, the flight and cap ture of the Hauhaus,the subsidence of the floating crust of earth into the lake, the dreadful death of Te Waata and Roka, the rescue and revival of Hugh, all followed each other in such rapid succession within a very brief space of time. The oscillation of the ground never ceased. The earth was in a state of violent perturbation. There was a continued rumbling in the air, and a rattling of the distant hills as though they were being shaken asunder. To the superstitious natives it was all utterly incomprehensible. The cowering Hauhaus regarded the visi tation as a manifestation of the anger of the gods on their misdeeds. There was no record of such an experience, neither in their time nor in the old time of their ancestors. The oscillation ceased, only to be succeeded by greater convulsions. The distant rumblings gave place to a sud don outburst of terrific detonations louder than a thousand thunders. When Hugh uttered his alarmed ex clamation he pointed to a stupendous, irrepressible emission of flaming fire that shot up with marvellous rapidity to an enormous height. The face of the earth, every hole, furrow, and rock, every sorub and tree as far as the eye could see, was instantly lit up with a brilliant ruddy glare more powerful than the light of day. Every line on the countenance of each one in that terrified group was visible under the momentary dazzling blaze. "The gods are sending forth their devouring fires upon the earth," de clared Paora in a trembling voice. "It is a volcano that has broklen out somewhere near Rotomahana," observed Hugh. "By gum ! boss, it is dat great Tarawera mountain where we see the old tohunga go in," suggested Matini. Hugh remembered the old priest's words, prophetic warnings, and mys terious appearance in the spectre canoe. There was no time or opportunity to speculate on the cause or actual locale of the fearful scene. Fire and smoke belched upwards in vast masses and apparently in several places at once. The earth tossed and heaved under them, deafening roars from Rotomahana continued in inten sity, The air was filled with elec tricity which played around them in vivid, eccentric evolutions at all points of the compass ; suffocating fumes of sulphur poured down upon them. As soon as the first feeling of panic left them, everyone thought of their homes, wives, and piccaninies. Close rank was formed and they hastened to make their way back to the settle ment. CHAPTER XXXVI. DEATH OF TOHUTU. The brilliant illumination from the hugE volcanic flames was succeeded by intense darkness. An impenetrable cloud, high in space, crowned the livid mass, and then began gradually to spread over the heavens, precisely as did the one the younger Pliny de scribes he saw during the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in his day. Presently cinders and fine volcanic dust began to fall about them in one continuous shower. The hot ashes fell on the bare bodies of the hauhaus and their occasional yells proved the pain they suffered. 'The naked feet of the whole party trod on them; their throats and nostrils were filled with the impalpable powder. Their pro gross homewards was difficult and slow. Then they encountered other dangers. The earthquake had set free new subterranean fountains, and innumerable springs of boiling water in all directions obstructed their path. As they approached the settlement the cries and lamentations of women and children were heard issuing out of the darkness. Great was the joy on both sides as they found all safe and well. The people camped on high ground till morning. Hugh went to his own quarters and donned another suit of clothes. He anxiously ques tioned Matini respecting Hinemoa, and was gratified to learn that up to the time Matini last saw her on that eventful night she was well. Alas ! Matini did not know what evil work had been wrought on the tender girl since he left her, as he thought, in security. He had not seen the wicked eyes watching him, and waiting for him to leave his charge and make the road clear to effect a sinister purpose. Hugh was impatient to be with his betrothed ; he could picture the state of alarm in her home. He longed to be at her side to shelter her and calm her fears with his presence. He anxiously awaited the approach of daylight to hasten to Te Ngae over the now dangerous ground. Fate sent him back to her without the long separation they had resigned them selves to. The extraordinary train cf circumstances surrounding his en forced return so soon after their leave taking was, no doubt, terrible and more grievous than twelve months of unmomentous absence. He would be with his darling ere another hour passed, and he would not leave her again. They should be united never to part again. He would clasp the loving, beautiful girl to his heart and there give her a haven of love, undis turbed by dread of savage, designing hatred. Thus we leave for a time the ardent lover waiting with curbed impatience for the morning light, though the mountain still vomited its fire, stones, and ashes, and volumes of steam poured upwards fifty thousand feet. Whence had come this awful, mad dening disturbance ? Where was the seat of this terrible physical warfare ? We will show its actual locale, and de scribe the desolation, destruction, and death of the eruption, by taking the reader back over the same ground travelled over in a former chapter. When morning succeeded the night of horrors a dim, uncertain light came over Rotorua. The thunders still roared, the whole eastern sky was one dense mass of black smoke, which obscured the sun. As day advanced and the light grew stronger it was seen that the entire country, uplands and valleys, was covered with a pale grey mantle resembling a fall of dirty snow. We approach the seat of disturb ance and find ourselves at Wairoa. Alas ! what a transformation ! The place so lately full of life was now a barren desolation. Dwellings, green cultivations, laughing brooks, wooded hills, were no longer seen ; all were gone. The place, where a few days before had been mourning and the burial of a departed chief of the settle ment, was itself now wholly buried out of mortal sight, like Pompeii of old, beneath many feet of liquid volcanic mud. The forest was levelled with the weight and mass of fallen matter; every creek was choked up, every hill was disfigured. The inhabitants —where were they ? Crushed beneath the awful deposits; suddenly overwhelmed in the dead of night. Oh ! the terrors of that black hour to the unsuspecting beings. The terror-stricken people had seen the triple-crowned Tarawera suddenly burst forth into a flood of fiery flames, invading the very heavens with its awful artillery. And it seemed as though the gage of battle thrown out by the mountain had been taken up, and its terrific discharges were met by roars of deepening thunders, flash after flash of forked lightnings, from the powers of the air. It grow black with an Egyptian darkness. Then fell upon the doomed heads of the trembling population thick showers of fire-balls, torrents of rocks and ashes, followed at the same instant by a deluge of lava and liquid mud. The Scotch host of the hotel pre served a cool head and his presence of mind. With a few other brave hearts he performed many acts of heroism in saving lives and conducting many out of reach of the deadly downpour. Eventually the survivors picked their way through untold dangers, forced a passage through the Tikitapu bush and escaped to Rotorua, where they told their fearful tale. Ah ! the Tikitapu bush, that charm ing sylvan glade of exquisite loveli ness which we admired so much only three days before! What of it? Beaten down by a ruthless hand, all its arboreal adornments gone, torn, shattered, limb from limb, and buried in the grey mud. Nothing remained but a few bare, jagged trunks of its once majestic vegetation, What also of its twin companion in beauty, the lake, that sheet of bright blue, gem of nature's own setting ? It lay in sor row and in tatters. like a disfigured belle, a dethroned queen of fashion. It was now a great pond of dirty, muddy water, all its beauty vanished. Let us draw yet nearer to the volcanic centre. Moura and Te Ariki, the two native villages on the route to Rotomahana, had totally disappeared. Not a ves tige of either remained, not a living sout of their simple, arcadian inhabit ants survived to tell the story of that awful night. Beneath twenty feet of mud and ashes they lay, sleeping their everlasting sleep, never more to be dis turbed by friend or foe on this living earth. They had been crushed out of mortal existence in the twinkling of an eye, and were now far from the reach of man. Rotomahana, the weird lake with all its surrounding wonders ! What had become of it ? It had yielded up its waters, all its fascinations, to the hidden powers of the earth, to the voracious demands and fury of mighty forces which have their empire in cavernous depths. Lake, terraces with their delicate fretwork, marvel lous traceries,. and soft seductions, all had been blown into the air. In their place was a stupendous cavity of mud and thousands of little volcanic cones ejecting lava and ashes. Truly it was a fearful transformation! Beauty turned to horror ! From Rotomahana to the crater of Tarawera was a terrible yawning gulf, a fissure, wide and deep, three miles in length. Rotomahana and Tarawera had quarrelled. Tarawera, sullen and silent, from whom no sound had ever proceeded, whose voice had not before been heard; forbidding moun tain, abode of spirits of the dead, it had risen in its might, rushed upon IRotomahana and hurled it into space. The furious mountain had left its trail, cut deep in its sides from its lofty summit, to the vanished lake. It had spat its anger and passion over five hundred miles of country, send ing desolation, death, and horror in its train ! This then was the fulfilment of Tohutu's curse. What connection was there between this terrible catas trophe and the mystical. appearance of the phantom canoe ? Was the old tohunga the sole depository of the powers of magic once possessed by the supplanted priesthood ? Had he fol lowed up his imprecations by visit ing in spirit the sacred moun tain ? Had he accompanied the ghosts of departed representatives of the occult art, to prepare the execution of his anathemas, when he and the spectral crew vanished in to the cliff before the eyes of Hugh and his party ? Who can tell; what answers can we give to these questions? Is the field of human philosophy so complete that we can claim certain and absolute knowledge of such prob lems ? Finally, what of old Tohutu him self? Rescue parties came promptly to Wairoa, and were active in their search for the entombed villagers. Three days after they began their humane work, they alighted upon the wretched little hut. of the equally wretched-looking antique piece of mortality, the tohunga. His hut was intact, and inside, wrapped in his blanket, squatting on the bare floor, calmly smoking his dirty clay pipe, was Tohutu alive, seemingly none the worse for his long interment. The rescuers took him out into open air, but he resented their approach and good intentions. "Ugh ! Ugh!" he snarled at them; " why do you not leave me ? My work is done, my time is come. I am very old, and I wish to die. Ugh ! ugh ! ugh ! The old race is dead and the stranger has taken possession for ever. Let me die. Ugh ! ugh !" Thus protested he. At first he re fused food, but eventually yielded to repeated persuasions, ate heartily, and was comfortably lodged. He was the wonder of the whole country. Three days after his resurrection from the mud he died. Tohutu, last of the ancient order of tohungas, was gathered to his fathers, and with him perished the mystery of the spectre canoe. CHAPTER XXXVII. ROKA VISITS HINEMOA. HINEMOA sat alone in her grandfather's garden in the dusk of the evening. She was lost in the sweet meditations of a maiden no longer fancy free, but whose heart was bound by love's chains and whose lover was absent from her side though ever present in her mind. Her light-hearted cousin, Erena, and Matina had been with her enjoy ing a quiet pleasant chat, almost wholly devoted to the absent pakeha. In fact, the current of their thoughts, dictated by love and affection, was centered upon Hugh, his excellent qualities, and his great love for Hine moa. The sunset was again wonderfully brilliant. If anything the lurid glare was more intense and the encarmined glow of the sky more expansive and vivid than on the previous night. The sun sank beneath an ensanguined ocean as though the life-blood of the universe had burst its flood-gates, and was about to overwhelm tbe earth in one vast crimson deluge. The heavenly illumination retired before the creeping darkness of night, leav ing but a soft, faint light behind it. Matini, faithful to his master's charge, parted from the gentle girl, as he thought, safe for the night, and also from his own Erena, to retire to his own lodgings at the mission station. Erena had entered the house, leaving her cousin alone in communion with her own thoughts. Hinemoa sat, thinking of Hui. A day had passed since she last saw lis face and listened to his words of love. He was now, so she pictured him in her imagination, far on his road to the south, and no doubt resting for the night in some snug camp by the way side. She breathed a prayer to the good Spirit above for the safety of her beloved. Perhaps she was the sub ject of his dreams, giving joy to his slumbers. Every word he had uttered, every endearment and caress he had be stowed upon her, all the plans he had formed for their future happiness, came fresh on her memory. She remembered every look he had given her since they first met by the dismal Black Lake, though the very thought of that pool of horror made her blood run cold, she knew not why. She recalled his manly appearance at the council, the pleasures of their excur sions to the island, and his declaration of love. All their happy meetings, every scene they had gone through together in joy and sorrow since his stay in Rotorua, passed before her again and again. Her beautiful coun tenance lit up with the calm reflec tions of her pure mind and the perfect sincerity of her living faith in the noble lover of her choice and all he had ever told her, while her bosom heaved with an ecstacy of innocent delight at each rehearsal. Her heart swelled with passionate love for her gentle Hui. At this mo ment no fear nor any sensation of danger, no thought of Te Waata or other evils, came into her mind to alloy the sweetness of her dreams of love. Her heart was full and it was Hui that filled every little corner of it. No other, good or bad, had a place beside him in that holy tabernacle. She counted every hour, every pre cious moment as they dragged along, which would bring him back to her once more and for ever; when she would throw herself on his gallant breast and call him husband—her handsome pakeha. Thus Hinemoa mused on. The lovely girl sat watching the pale glim mer on the lake in the peaceful soli tude of the evening. She was lost in abstraction, separated from the im mediate things of the world in the mental enjoyment of her heart's con templations. Alas ! Hinemoa, beauti ful and gentle ; it was the calm before the tempest. " Ah ! girl, art thou dreaming ? " asked a grating voice close to her ear. The startled girl, suddenly aroused out of dreamland, sprang to her feet and found herself confronted with the stunted figure of Roka, the witch of Tikitere. The shock of this unexpected appa rition was very great on the naturally delicate nerves of Hinemoa. The puls ation of her heart seemed to cease and every drop of blood fled from her cheeks. She trembled in every limb, and for a time absolutely lost the power of speech. This sudden intru sion on her retirement and the happy companionship of her own heart, was like an evil omen, a hidden rock on the smooth service of her sea of joy on which she had struck and would be made shipwreck. She looked towards the cottage as if she would fly from the creature's presence; but her strength had deserted her: " Three times have I spoken to thee and thou dost not heed," snapped the hunchback. "I heard you but the one time," said Hinemoa, in a faint voice. " What do you want of me, Roka ? " "Thou art but a little fool. Thou hast not the heart of thy race. Dream ing always; dreaming only of thy pale-face lover. Thou hast no eves nor ears for aught else." So spoke the deformed thing, viciously. "It is true I was thinking of my brave pakeha who will soon make me his wife," replied Hinemoa, gently. "His wife ! " hissed the creature; "dost think because thou hast a pretty face that ia great rangatira of the pale-faces will wed thee ? He would but make thee his toy, girl." " Woman," said the maiden, with dignity, resenting Roka's vile insinu ation; " you do not know what you are saying. I care not to discuss this matter with you." " Thou shalt never be his wife, proud girl," the hunchback answered. " My curse is upon thee; thou wilt never look again on the face of the pakeha." "I cannot understand you," cried Hinemoa, with a quaking fear again rising in her heart. " Why is your mind dark towards me ? I have never done you harm by word or deed." " I hate thee, girl," replied the. wretched creature, with eyes ablaze; "I hate thy beauty; I hate thee be cause thou art straight and I am crooked. I hate thee because all the people love thee and turn away from me. I hate thee because Te Waata does seek thee." " I am innocent of all cause for such passion, Roka," meekly replied the tender-hearted maiden. "It is your poor imagination playing you false. What is Te Waata to me ? I think not of him."'' " But he thinks of thee," retorted the witch with a hiss. Then advancing closer to her beautiful rival in a menac ing manner, she grasped her tightly by the arm and spoke with deadly spite to the alarmed girl: —" I tell thee, thou baby-face, that thou shalt never again see the pakeha. Even now he is in the power of Te Waata." "Oh ! what mean you, Roka?" cried the girl in affright, tears starting to her eyes. " Your words are very dark to me. What do you mean " "Ha, ha! girl," said the creature, with a low laugh of exultation, her face horrible with passionate hatred. " Ha, ha ! girl. I bring thee now to thy knees. Hast thou forgotten the power I possess, or what the tohunga told thee and thy great lover? Oh! Oh ! the time has come and the curse is near its accomplishment. The gods will now show their might and the pakeha will be cut off for over." " Oh ! what has happened ? tell me what has happened," pleaded Hine moa, almost beside herself with all the old fears rushing in upon her at the hunchback's words. " Where is the pakeha? Let me call Hori, my father, and Matini." "Silence, girl," commanded Roka, tightening her hold on thle girl's arm. Then with a savage cruelty, as a cat worries its prey before despatchiing it, the now maddened sorceress con tinued her devilish work on the tender sensibilities of her victim. "Yes ! it is the curse. Ah ! what do I see ? Te Waata has thy brave lover in his grasp, bound hand and foot. They are gathered at the boil ing Lake of Death. They dance and shout in joy. Now they approach at the edge of the impatient waters. They lift the pakeha aloft. One moment more and he is thrown into the black pool. The waters rush upon him to devour him; they tear the white flesh from him and it falls away in strips from his bones. Ah! it is a rare sight Ah ! Ah ! that is the end of thy lover ; such is his fate. Ha ! ha! ha ! I must hasten to feast my eyes on the sight." The horrible creature cast Hine moa's arm from her and moved from her side. Then she stood and looked at the girl, her evil eyes gloating on her own handiwork. Hinemoa stood like one petrified as the ghastly story fell from the lips of the cruel woman. Her great eyes were dilated to twice the size by the horror of it, and were fixed in one long steady stare on the malicious countenance of her unwelcome visitor. Her tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of her mouth and deprived her of the power of articulation. Her limbs her whole body, became rigid, and her brain reeled with a rush of blood. Then she grew numb with cold. Her reason staggered under the shock. Oh ! what a fearful death for her noble, generous Hui ; what a terrible transition from her happy dreams of love ! It could not be true. She would ask Roka, if it were only a horrid invention to give her pain. Surely her pakeha was safe. But the fiend's cruel, fierce eyes were cast on her mockingly, and she could not speak. Ah ! there was the curse of Tohutu, the dreadful curse. What did it all mean ? The blood- red skies ; the spectre. Yes ! fiends and demons were crowding around her. Was there none to help ? Where were the the good Hori, Erena, Matini? Oh, Hui; Hui! Such was the torrent of thoughts that rushed into the mind of the distracted Hinemoa. " Ha ! ha !" came from the incar nate hag, who had been watching the unhappy maiden's agony. "Thou shalt never more see the pakeha. I have told you his fate, and thus do I serve thee and avenge myself." And with this last thrust the creature dis appeared in the darkness. Hinemoa threw her arms above her, then clasping her hands to her head and looking upward to heaven, gave one piercing cry and fell prostrate to the ground. " Ha ! ha ! ha ! " was the mocking laughter that issued from the depth of the night. They lifted her up tenderly, her grandfather, Henè, and Erena, who had rushed out at the sound of her despairing shriek, and carried her inside. They first thought she was dead, so rigid was her form, so deathly her beautiful features. They assidu ously plied every remedy to restore animation. At length there was a slight fluttering of the eyelids and a gentle heaving of the bosom. Then her lovely eyes slowly opened and a heavy sigh escaped from her. They raised up her head and spoke sooth ingly to her. They asked her what had occurred, what had frightened her? But no reply came from her except sad moans. She looked around her wildly, shrank and shuddered as if she saw some fearful object. She clung first to one, then to another, like an affrighted child awakened from a nightmare, and sobbed as though her heart would break. They mingled their tears with hers, for they were overwhelmed with the sight of her distress and agony, which was all a mystery to them. They could not divine what could have taken place in so short a time to throw lier into the alarming state they had found her in. Presently she seemed a little more rational. She rose and threw herself with a cry into the arms of the venerable teacher. " Drive her away," she pleaded, " let me not look on her cruel eyes !" (To be concluded.) 