ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. After a WeeWrest, taking thecrCases out of it, the green otirtain at tbe Theatre Royal was raised once more, on Saturday night, to allow a good, gallery and stalls, but rather meagre dress-circle attendance to. study "Human Mature." This spectacular military drama of Harris and Pettitt's creation had a heroic run in Maj', 1887, when it found favour With the lovers of sensationalism. It was reproduced on Saturday night by tbe Gerald-Duff i Dramatic' Company with some slight short comings, for which a long journey and a firstj night performance furnish excuses. ' The mechanical arrangements were a little k>ut of gear,- and so seemed some of the oompany, but matters moved more freely before the grand "climax was reached, and an apprecia tive house smoothed away the asperities in a hearty Mndly manner. Those literary gourmands who have read that clever creation of A. C. Gunter, "Barnes of New York," can hardly fail to have appreci ated tbe happy almost matter-of-fact fashion j rn which' tne author has shown' that j "man is born to trouble as tbe sparks fly 1 upwards,"especially when a woman blows the fire as it were. The book attained such popularity that it would be almost an insult to tbe intelligence of an Adelaide community to attempt to dose them with the j ingredients of the story, more especially when it is remembered that Mr. George Darrell, that painstaking exponent of sensationalism, presented a dramatic version at the Theatre j Royal in September, 1888, which did not stray very far from the original except in the ditiouc- j mctU. "Messrs. Gerald and Duff have taken up the 'running, and gave Adelaide playgoers' on TluirsdOy evening a variation of the btory, whioh was appreciated because of the romance, bumour, ana. sentimentality interwoven witli the material provided by the novelist. The drama "is decidedly strong in the situations, and nfight be made very effective if all the members of the company were as fairly equal as an average cricketing team. Viewed in tbe light of a Briton's love of fair play the vendetta is as cowardly as it is absurdly melodramatic. A Corsican provokes a quarrel, means to kill his antagonist, but getting 1 killed himself in a fair tight a sacred duty is j imposed upon his sister or anybody else who is idiotic and barbarous enough to undertake it to kill the other man by fair means or foul, the latter preferred, because as a rule these knifers generally stab their victim in the back, not having the pluck to face au Englishman with his bare fists even. There was only a moderate huuse on Thursday night to witness this Corsican cowardice invested with romance, but as the play was well performed and appropriately set tho j applause was freely bestowed. j It is somewhat difficult to describe iu one | word tho entertainment given in the Town Hall on Monday night by Mr. .bnazello and his company. It combines mueic, elocution, and the pictorial art. Taking the entertainment as a whole it possibly provides too itiuch to be thoroughly appreciated on one presenta tion. Never before have we seen produced such a collection of scenic views so clearly shown and 60 admirably drawn by the. artists engaged. The pictures alone, displayed by oxy-ether light on the large screen fixed on the wboie width of the platform, illustrating the songs of Mr. Suazelle, and the piano solo which introduced the second part, were worthy of the highest commendation. The entertainment iB decidedly musical,but yet ap] eils to all tastes. Now the Ibsen burlesques are coming (says i tbe Rialto), not as single epics but in battalions. They were a long time on tile road, but we shall soon have more than enough of them. Mr. J. L. Toole opens the ball with a travesty entitled "Ibsen's'Ghost; or, Toole up to Date," in which " Hedda Gabler" will be the parti cular subject of parody, and Mr. Robert Buchanan s "Heredity" goes on at the Avenue Theatre with an excellent cast. The latter is described in tbe official advertisements as ' new social drama by Robert Buchanan," a ] phrase which is somewhat at variance with the announced fact that the piece is an adaptation from the Darnell (but pet haps thisisaBuchanan joke), aud the authoritative rumour that it will lie found to satirize the Ibsen plays generally. We expect better things of the Avenue produc tion than of the burlesque at Toole's, although the latter will have the merit of showing Mr. Toole in quite a novel light—that is, "Up to Date." The Era says onecannot help wonder ing whether the Ibsen chapter of British stage history is closed. The present season has been, in actual results, disastrous for the Nor wegian playwright. Four of his dramas have been acted for the first time in London, forone night, two afternoons, five afternoons, and a few weeks respectively; aud the rumours of future productions, once so loud, are heard no more. If discussion be the best advertise ment, then has Ibsen been advertised ad mmream. But, so far, it is vain ; the great playgoing public does not take to biin. That it is shocked bj his work is very doubtful—for the most part of it merely stays away. And yet it is more than likely that the effect of Ibsen on our stage—on writers, actors, public, and even Managers—will be altogether out of proportion to the apparent result of these productions. In twenty-five years Madame Sarah Bern hardt has, it is announced, been paid £260,840 for her exertions on the stage, and she is now fulfilling a comparatively short engagement which will add £80,000 to that large sum. In the last ten years her average gains have been £12,000 a year; in the last five £20,000; yet in 1872, at the Odftm Theatre, Blie earned only £8 a month. In 1880 her progress as an actress ! bad been such that her gains were for the year £6,400. In 1881, when she first acted out of France, she mode £10,000; and in the year of her first visit to America she made £24,000 besides all her expenses. Mr. George Leitcli Walker's adaptation of Rudyard Kipling's most dramatic story "The Light That Failed" it to be produced at the Garrick Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday next. Great hopes are entertained of its success. George Leitch Walker, it will be remembered, was the first who succeeded in dramatising I Mr. Marcus Clarke's " His Natural Life, I which he produced at the Royal in Adelaide with such gratifying results, he himself play- j ing the part of the Rev. Mr. Meekin. Mr. Clement Soott, in the course or a few remarks on the late dramatic season in I London, expresses the opinion that we are on ' tbe verge of a great change in the British drama. Indications of it he finds in the marked reluctance of Managers to prodooe new plays, the exoitement created by the experiments with Ibsen's piece, the' dulness of business all round, and' the efforts of Mr. Jones and Mr. Finero to strike a newer and-higher line of work. '1 People who go playgoing," he writes, "want Something out of tne oominofi, but •don't know'exactly What they want." His own idea is that what 'they want is a compromise between the artificialities of melodrama and the ''wild theories"-of Ibsen. With a better, .'educated public, It is inevitable that the taste 'fdrmfflodraiba'shaH die trat,Han&h; deinitnd fob "ifidrii -'tBbuftlitfiil '^plAys - arise'; but it'It1 quite possible that the 'dulness of business whioh has been observed at nearly all theatres is not due in any great j»rt to the absence of high-class drama. 