IS IT IN THE ARTICLES ? . (Extracted, witli alterations and. additions, from "A Gnide to Churchmen," by. the, present Bishop of Liverpool.) ' The question whiofl heads this tract is one which ought to be often asked in the present day. Doctrines . are often spoken of as " Churoh " doctrines, which are greatly op. posed to the true doctrines of the Church of Eneland. Try all Church" doctrines, so- ' called, by the plain test which is before yon. .Are they to be fonnd in the confesBion of ' faith of the English Churoh ? Is it in the Articles ? It is common to hear people saying that the Sacraments, confer grace on all who re ceive them ; and that all who receive baptism and the Lord's Supper must get some good. Is this, true Ghurcb doctrine? Is it in the Articles ? Listen to the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Articles. The twenty-fifth speaks generally of Sacraments ; and it says of them— both of baptiem and of the Lord's Supper,— " In such ohiy as .worthily receive the same they bsve a wholesome effect or operation." The twenty-sixth speaks of the unworthiness of ministers not hindering the effect of the Saoraments. It says, " Neither is the effect of Christ's ordinance taken away by their wickedness or the grace of God's gifts dimipished from suoh as by faith and rightly do receive the Sacraments." Here we have a broad, general principle twice ass'ertedi The benefit of either Siorament'is clearly oon- finedrto snch as rightly, wdrtM and with, faith' irecfeiye it. The Romish notion of all', 'alike getting good from it,, "ex'op.ere operq- to,'' id, as clearly pointed at and rejected. The; Sacraments, ac'obrdiDg to the Articles, do not , do good to .all who receive them.' , ; ' It is .common to . hear people saying thbt' baptisin, as a,matter of ooarse| regeaerotes All' infants' who are baptized, und that all jittle'- children are born again in baptis.da. " Is .this true jDhnrch dbotrine ? Is it in the Articles Listen- .'to' the language of the Article abont- baptism,' the tWebty-seventh. It says, .'.' Bap-;; tiam is not only a sign of profession and mark of differenoe, .wiiereby Ohristian.niea .are dis'-ri cerhed' from , others' that , are inot bhriistened, 1 but 'it is' aleb a sign of regeherat'on'br ne . birth, whereby, as by an instrnment, they that receive baptism rightly are grafted into the j Chnrbh ; the 'promises of forgiveness of sin . Bnd''o£.,our adoptiph to be the eona of God, by . the Holy. Ghost are visibly signed and sealed; faith-is confirmed and grape inoreased 'by ' virtne of prayer nato God. The' -baptisni: of , yodng children is In any wise to be retaiaad 1! in the, Chnrbh , as most ' agreeable 'with the. inetitniion of Christ." Nothing can .be'mpre,' striking than the , wise caution of ali . thiB|' language when contrasted with the statements about baptism with which onr. ears are con- . tinnally assailpd in this day. .There is not 'a„' word said which might lead us to suppose.', that a different prinoiple is to be applied' .to the baptism of infants, from .that whioh baa , been already laid down about ail ' Sacraments', in the twenty- fifth Article. . Wo are left tq, the inevitable qonolusidn that.jn all .cases,' worthy reception is essential to the full effi-'j caoy of the Sacrament. There is no't a Vbr to make.ns suppose that a different pr,incipla . Ir to be applied .to the baptism of inf shts, ' from that which has been already laid idoyrn, about :all Sacraments in the twenty-fifih'I Article. We are - left to the, inevitable con-: | clnsibn that in all cases worihy reception is , essential to thelfull efficacy of the Sacrament,,. Thei-o'is not.a word said abpiit a great in ward, j and spiritnal blessihg invariably , and nebeBr.V sarily attending the baptism of an infant.,, There is a perfect silence on that head,, and; si.., most speaking silence loo. Surely a doptrina involving snob immense and importaat con-,,, seqneh'ces as the nnivorsal spiritual reganera;, , tion of ..all infants in baptism, would never, have been passed over in emire silehbe if / had been the doctrine of the Churoh. , . It is common to hear people saying thai It j persons receive the seeds of grace the moment,, they are baptized and admitted into .the visible..'. Ohutph. The seed, may lay dormant naSny, years: it may never boar froit at all ; . bdt all f receive grace when they are baptized, la this!,, trne Chnrch doctrine ? Is it in the Artioles ? Listen to the thirteenth Article. It tells ns,, that Works done before the grace.qf Christ and the inspiration of His Spirit are hot pleas-,, ant to God;" etc. Here we are plainly tanght/ that works may be done by men before graoey and the Spirit are given to them, .and this top,, by baptized members of. theChhroh, for it is ' for thorn that the Articles are drayn np. Bnt how can this be reconcjled with .the. nptipp that all baptized persons are neceasuily ri,| generated? How can any person be regene-i.. rated without having the graoe of Christ and, .'i the inspiration of the Spirit ? There is pnly./o one view on. which the Article can , be reason ably explained. That view is the simple one, that many baptized people are not regenerate, have- no grace and no Indiyelling of, the',, Spirit/and that; it is their case before they,, are born again and oonverted, whioh is here;,. deBoribed.. , -It is oommdn to hear people saying that the doctrine of election is a wicked andfalse doc- 1 , trine, if applied to individuals, They tell ns loudly that all baptized members of the Chnroh of England are elect and regenerate.as a matter... of course 1 Is this true Chnrch doctrine'?; . Is,,, it in the Articles ? Listen to the seventeenth.,,- Artiolo. The sabjeot of that Articleds pre z,, destination and election. It is a subject which many people dislike exceedingly, and are ready to stop their ears whenever it is men- . tioned. I acknowledge freely that.it is a deep i > subject. But there stands the Article. It,: cannot be denied that it forms part of our, , Church's confession of faith. Whether men like. jit or not, they must not talk as if it did . not exist, in diBoaB--ing'the subject of the ; Oburch's doctrines. Tho Article begins jwith laying down the great. truth that God "hath constantly decreed by His connsel secret to U8, to deliver from curse and damnation those ; whom He hath chosen in Ghiiat out of man- i ; kind, and to bring tbem by Christ to everlast ing salvation." It then prooeeds t j describe,., the calling of these persons by God's Spirit, . and the conseqaences of that oalling. "They % through grace obey the calling : they be > juBtified freely: they bo made sons of God .. by adoption : they be made like the image of , -His only begotten Son Jesus Obrist : they walk religiously in good works, and at length by God's,, mercy they attain to everlasting felicityi" The things spoken of in thia des- qription are things, of , which multitudei of , laptized./pptvons know nothing at all. Those who/' wrote the >tticles looked on election, jhstificatibn, adoption, and regeneration, as the ' pecnliar privileges of a certain number, bnt hot of all members of the visible Church, and, that; just as all baptized people are not elect, justified, and sanotifled, so also all bap tized people are not regenerated. Very striking: is/the difference between the language of the Article which treats of baptism and the Article which treats of election. In the former we find, the cautious general atatement, that in baptism "the promises of bur adoption to be the.sbnsbf God are visibly signed and sealed." In the latter we find the broad assertioni that the elect " be made the sons of God by adop- tibnJ" ' It is common to hear people saying that it is .not;fight to suppose others to be naturally evil, .'and that all persons have good heart at rhe bottom. But is this troe ' Chnrob " doc- nne ? Is it in the Articles ? Listen to the :nth Article. " Man is veijr far gone from original rigbteoneness,' and. is of his. own natnre inclined to evil, so that the fiesh Inst- eth alway contrary to the Spirit ; arid there - fbrb in every person born into this world, it. des'brveth God's wrath and damnation." It ia common to hear people saying that we coii all repent jmt when we please, an'd that we may turn to God and be saved whenever we'.chobse. But is this true " Church " doc trine? Is it in the Articles ? Listen to the tehth Article. "The condition of man after the' fall of Adam is ancb, that he cannot tnro and prepare ' himself, by bis own natnral stfenigth and good works, to faith, and oalling upon God." It is common, to hear people saying that sal'vation by grace and jnatification by faith without the deeds of the law, are very dan- gerpUB doctrines. But is this the teaching of the Church of England ? In it in the Articles? Listen to the eleventh Article. " We are ac- cbupted righteouB before God, only for the naerit of our Lord Jesus Chriat by faith, and not for our own works or deaervings : where fore/ that we are jnetified by faith only is a moet wholesome doctrine, and very full of comfort." ' It ;is common to bear people aaying that sincerity and earneptnens are all that is need- fnl In religion ; and that it does not matter what doctrine and opinion a man holds, if he is only sincere. But is this the teaching of the Church of England ? Ia it in the ArticTea? Liaten to the eighteenth Article. " They are tb bB had accuraed that presume to say, That every man shall be saved by the law or sect whibh he prbfesaelh, so that he be diligent to fr'ame his life according to that Iaw|'-and the light bf nature. For Holy Scripture doth set out' unto us only the name of Jeans Chriat, whereby men mnet be Bived." Lbt us not he imposed on by vague talk about "Church views'" and " Church, doc-; trines." Remembrr the title of this ' tract. When men talk of Church " doctrines, ask a' plain question : Is it in the Articles ?" 