The Seepet of Belair House. — CHAPTER XXX. - A FRUITLESS VISIT. CHAPTER XXXL— -LADY 3PENOE- LAUGH'S APPEAL. CHAPTER XXXII. — JIM BILLINGS IS WANTED. UiiAE 1 JSK A.VA.111. — VV ti J.TJ3 GKAJN li-K. CHAPTER XXXIV. — THE REAPING OF THE WILL. CHAPTER XXXV. — EVIDENCE FOR THE FKUSEUUTION. CHAPTER XXXVI.— MR, PENNING'S PROPOSITION. CHAPTER XXXVII. - THE FAMILY VAULT, CHAPTER XXXVIII.— WAITING FOR JERRY. CHAPTER XXXIX A SECRET EX- . PEDITION. CHAPTER XL.— THE EAST WING. CHAPTER XLI.— A MAD WOMAN'S REVENGE. CHAPTER XLII.— ANTOINE-S NAR RATIVE. CHAPTER XL1II.-A GHOSTLY VISI TOR, CHAPTER XLI V.— P. P.O. CHAPTER XXVIII, at pbv3ey bay. Jane Garrod wenb up to Belair the day after that on whioh John English had told her the story of his life ; she went up specially to see Miss Spence- laugh; but on reaching the hall she found that Frederics had been sum moned away by telegraph a few hours before to visit an old school-friend who was lying dangerously ill ; and as Sir Philip was so far recovered that no immediate danger was apprehended, she had obeyed the summons without delay. Jane Garrod went back home intensely disappointed. Three days later John's doctor said, " We are getting on nicely, but slowly. We want change of air ; a more bracing climate. We want ozone. We must go to the sea-side for a few weeks. Say to PevseyBay. Only 20milesaway. Warm, but invigorating. I will give you a prescription to take with you, and will run over to see you once a week for the present." So John English wont to Pevsey Bay, "and took up his quarters at Hammock's boarding-house, where Jane Garrod had engaged rooms for him. Jane herself, after staying with him for a couple of days, and seeing that his comforts were properly at tended to, was obliged to leave him, and go back to her home duties ; but made a point of going over by rail twice a week to see how he was pro gressing. Both by her and John, Miss Spencelaugh's return was impatiently awaited. Pevsey Bay, even during the height of its little " season,'' was not a very lively place ; but as it generally con trived to feather its nest pretty com fortably during the summer and autumn, it was wisely content to hibernate througli the cold, dead months that came after. John was literally the only visitor in the place, ..and. .it was only natural that Mrs. Hammock should waken up gleefully from her state of wintry emptiness to welcome this stray bird of passage, and exert herself to retain him in a way that she would have scorned to do during the busy season, when she and Hammock were obliged to sleep in a damp pantry, so over-crowded were they with visitors ; and their eldest boy had to bo stowed away on a snug shelf in the coal-cellar. . But it mattered nothing to John English whether Pevsey Bay were lively or dull ; he had enough to occupy his mind just then in brooding over J ane Garrod's strange revelation. Jane and he had many conversations ' together on the all-important topic, after that memorable afternoon on which the sbationniaster's wife had whispered a certain brief sentence in his ear. The incomplete story of eacli — for Jane also bad a story to tell, which we shall hear in its proper place — when added one to the other, formed a whole, which yet had several serious gaps in it ; but now that the story, so strangely pieced together, came to be analysed and commented upon again and again, little bits, previously un- thought of or forgotten, were added one by one; each one tending to elucidate some point that had seemed obscure before, or to bring into stronger relief some fact hitherto only partially known. Still, they both de- cided that no active steps could bo taken till Miss Spencelaugh should re turn home ; the interests involved were so many and so serious, and the baronet's health was so feeble that the heiress of Belair naturally came into their minds as the one who must be first consulted ; besides which, there was a family secret in the case, which it would not do to reveal to strangers until further counsel should have been sought and given. J ohn gathered strength daily ; but with returning health came a desire to be up and doing ; the state of inaction to which he was condemned galled his ardent spirit like a chain. He could not bend bis mind just yet to reading or study ; and to beguile somo of tho hours that flagged so wearily in the stagnation of the little town, he drew up a precis or . abstract of his case for the informa tion of Miss Spencelaugh, beginning with tho earliest facts of his personal history that were either remembered by himself or had been made known to him by others, and so setting down one fact after another, in order of time, till he had brought his statement up almost to the date of his writing. Ho re-wrote and remodelled his first rough draft four times before ho was satis fied with his work ; and next time Jane visited him the important document was placed in her hands for dolivery to Frederica, so soon as the lattor should return. The next wet day sent John to his desk again. Nearly a week had passed since he had finished his statement, and in reading over his copy of it this morning, it struck him, after so long an absence, with an air of strangeness, and he saw far more clearly than he had ever done before how weak his ease was, in a legal point of view ; how many im portant links were still wanting to it ; and how easily, for want of such links, any clever practitioner would tear it to rags in a court of law. Consider ing these things seriously, John English came to a sudden resolution — ho had always been impulsive and headstrong — which he determined to put into practice without further delay. Later on, the same day, he walked up to the station, to make some in quiries respecting the trains. He was just leaving the office when the bell rung for the arrival of the down ex press, and — with the indolent curiosity of a convalescent who has no better em ployment for his time than that of lookor-on — helingered to watchit. Now, Pevsey Bay is a junction-station, and passengers for Normanford, Kings- thorpo and other neighboring hamlets, have hero to change carriages, and not unfroquently to play at patience for an odd hour or two, pending the arrival of the branch train. Among the passengers who alighted at Pevsey Bay Station on this par ticular afternoon was one whom John English's keen glance at onoo singled out from the crowd, and from that moment he had eyes for none other. "It is the lady ot my dreams," ho murmured to himself, " What' happy chance has brought her hither ?" Hi3 heart beat so painfully for a minute or two that he could not move; and before ho was able to stir a step Fred erica's gaze, drawn by Love's cun ning magnetism, was fixed on his white intense face and hungry eyes — rested there an instant with a sort of doubting, pained surprise, only to melt next moment into a look of glad recognition. They both blushed as they drew near each other, but for a little while neither of them could speak, for Fredorica's eyes were full of tears by this time, and John, after the fashion of little boys when they go into strange company, seemed suddenly to have lost his tongue. But their hands met in a long silont pressure that told more than many words cpuld have done. ' Why don't you offer me your arm, sir?" said Frederica with an April smile. "For I mean to monopolise you till the next train comes up. Can't you guess why ? I want to hear all about your. strange adventuro on Inchmallow, and about the recent attempt on your life. Merely a woman's odious curiosity — nothing more." " But you are getting better — I can see that," said Frederica, when John had done what ho could to satisfy her curiosity; " and I hope to see you soon at Belair. I got the portfolio of photographs you so kindly sent me ; and I have more commissions for you than I can re member just now, so you must make haste and get well, or I shall have to give them to someone else. Does not my threat frighten you ?" John declared that he was not frightenod, and then ho added that he should have much pleasure in waiting on Miss Sponcelaugh so soon as his health should be sufficiently restored to onablo him to attend to business ; but lie said nothing about tho resolution ho had arrived at only that morning, neither did he make any mention of the manuscript which he had entrusted into Jane Garrod's hands for delivery to Miss Spedcelaugh. After that tho conversation seemed to languish a little, but I don't think that either of them felt inclined on that account to say to tho other, " How dull you are ;" for Cupid is never moro dangerous, never more bent on tying a true lovers' knot, that no mortal fingers can unloose, than when he has least to say for himself. By-and-by came Frederica's train ; farewells were spoken, and John English walked back to bis lodgings more confirmed than before to carry out his mornings resolution. I-Iammock'3 boarding-house was managed by Mrs. Hammock, who, in common with others of her tribe at Pevsey Bay, would have contrived to do very comfortably at tho expense of themigratory horde who flocked thither during the "season," had not hor laudible efforts been utterly frustrated by an idle, incorrigible dog of a hus band, who demanded to be kept " like a gentleman " out of tho proceeds of the establishment. Mr. Ferdinand C. Hammock — tall, sandy, with high cheek-bones, a ragged moustache, and a quasi-military swagger, the son of a bankrupt riding-school master — neither could nor would work ; ho never had worked, and it was not likely ; that, at his time of life, he was going to degrade himself by doing anything towards earning his own living. So Mrs. H. struggled, and slaved, and scraped at home, while my lord swaggered about the little place as though he were the solo pro prietor of it, and had good clothes and good dinners, and looked down contemptuously on his wife's lodgers, and on his wife too, if tho truth must be told, and was never without a crown-piece in his pocket wherewith to make merry of an evening at the Golden Anchor. But this pleasant state of affairs had consequences, one of which was that tho rent had per force been allowed to fall into arrear, so that throe half-years were due at the time John English took up his quar ters in the establishment. Mr. Dil- wood, the landlord, was a forbearing man ; but patience has its limits, and of late he had been pressing Mrs. Hammock rather hardly to 'clear off some portion at least of what was owing, But that hard- working, person's little hoard had melted through the fingers of her improvident husband till but very few golden pieces were left, hardly sufficient, in fact, to meet the small, unavoidable expenses arising from day to day during the months that yet remained before the first summer visitor would make his appearance. As for paying the rent — the prospect was an utterly hopeless one, and Mrs. Hammock had finally been obliged to intimate to her husband , that it was Mr. Dilwood's intention to put a man in possession, and that bank ruptcy stared them in the face. So Hammock wenb moodily about the little town, brooding over the dark prospect before him, arid pulling his merged moustache more than ever, and only brightening up into forced merri ment when he found himself among a knot of congenial souls in the bar- parlor of the Golden Anchor. John English's departure from the little station-house at Kingsthorpe had bepn witnessed by unseen eyes, and 2<I hours had not passed after his arrival at Pevsey Bay before Brackenridge, under the friendly shade of evening, was quietly reconnoitring the new territory, A few cautious in quiries at shops in the immediate neighborhood of Hammock's followed his survey of . the premises, and then he went home by tho last train in high spirits. One consequenoe of the chemist's visit to the little watering-place took the shape of a lawyer's letter, received by Mrs! Hammock the following day, in whioh she was told that unless 12 out of the IS months' rent due should bo paid within three weeks further proceedings would at once be taken. The secret of this was Mr. Dil- wood was an old . acquaintance of Brackenridge, and under some small obligation to him, and a word from the chemist was sufficient to induce him to ." put on the screw," as the latter termed it, in the form of an attor ney's letter. Next day, at dusk, Brackenridge strolled into the little watering-place; and later on, when the usual circle met at the Golden Anchor, there lie was, an affable stranger, ready to stand treat for any body, -and greatly interested in all the news of the place. Ho seemed to take quite a liking to tho raffish, shabby- genteel Hammock ; and after a time, when the company had thinned some what, he contrived to seat himself next to him. Hammock's moodiness had melted by this time before the genial influence of tho compounds purveyed at the Golden Anchor, and the chemist found him quite ready to drink any quantity of brandy and water at any one else's expense, and to declaim loquaci ously on everything connected with Pevsey Bay, his own private affairs excepted. But it was to his own private affairs that the chemist wishod to bring him ; seeing, therefore, how he shied at the subject whenever it was intro duced, even in the most delicate way, Brackenridge decided that a rougher method of treatment must at once be brought to heap ; so at the close of the evening they went out together, arm-in-arm, and, smoking their cigars, wandered down to tho jetty to liavo a last whiff together before parting. Now was Brackenridgo's opportunity. " Rather dull here in winter, eh ?" said the chemist. "Awfully slow work," said Ham mock, sontentiously. " Let me see. I think I have been told that you keep a boarding-house, or something of that kind, Is it so !" "Why — yes — that house on the Parade there. My wife manages the business. One must live, you know, eh 2" "Just so; as well make a living that way as any other. Rents rather high in these parts, I suppose ?" " Why — hum — yes, rather high for houses in good positions." "Ah, well the profits you make during the season will easily stand it, Come, now, you contrive to net some thing handsome every year, don't you?" " People don't do that sort of thing for nothing; it ain't likely. But, really, we are getting to talk about matters that " " Then, if tho profits are so largo," said the chemist, interrupting his new friend, "how does it happen, Mr. Ham mock, that you are 18 months in arrear with your rent ?" Hammock's cigar dropped from be tween bis lips, and he fell back a step or two in sheer amazement. "How the devil" he began, and then he stopped. " Mr. Dilwood is a friend of mine," said Brackenridge, quietly; "he men tioned to me tho other day, as a matter of business, that ho was about to sell you up, and that he lmd already got another tenant in view of your house, Sucli little accidents will happen now. and then, you know." Hammock was wiping his hot palms nervously with his handkerchief. The idea of his approximate ruin had never been brought so vividly before him, and his craven heart shuddered at the prospect. Ho at length broke the silence with a volley of frightful oaths, to which the chemist listened with exemplary patience. When he had done, Brackenridge said quietly: "A bad mess, certainly, for any fellow to be in. But there seems to me one way by which you may squeeze out of it." " Curse you ! what are you driving at?" said tho other sullenly. " Listen to me attentively," resumed the' chemist. "There is'ageritleriianstay- ing at your house just now, Mr. John English by name;" and then he took Hammock by the button, and drew lrira closer, and whispered earnestly in his ear for 10 minutes, at the end t>£ which time tho two men walked back arm-in-arm towards tho town. At tho corner of the parade, they stopped to bid each other good- night. "Now, you thoroughly understand what I want ?" said the chemist interro gatively. " You will send me a daily report of your lodger's doings — how he spends his time, who comes to see him, and where he goes when he walks out ; but, above all, you will arrange that all letters written by him shall pass through my hands before being posted," " I understand," said Hammock, sulkily. " The post-office is right at the other end of the town, and my lad lack always takes Mr. English's letters for him. Jack will do anything for a cigar, and never peach after. The young rascal is only 11, and he has learned to smoke already." " Do what I ask you to do," said Brackenridge, " and I will engage that Dilwood shall never trouble you again about the back rent." Jane Garrod, on hor next visit to Pevsey Bay, was thunderstruok to find that John English had left his lo'dgings on the previous day, and gone away, no one knew whither. Had he left no letter, no message for her? she anxiouslv aslced. Neither one nor the other. Mr. English had written a letter, Jack said, which he, Jack, had taken to the post-office, but it was addressed to some gent, in London; and Jack hav ing volunteered this information turned round and winked to himself, and muttered ""Walker?" — Mr. English had paid his bill, and bad left by the 2.40 p.m. train, added Hammock, and had booked himself through to London. Beyond that, they knew nothing as to the intentions or movements of their late lodger. Jane, wondering more than ever, and suspecting somo treachery, went herself to the station, and there ascertained that Hammock's statement was true. After this, there was nothing loft for her but to go back home. Surely John would write in a day or two; and with this scrap of hope she was fain to comfort herself in tho midst of her surprise at his unaccountable disappearance. CHAPTER XXIX. at okellieb's almshouses. A pheerless wintry morning, with a clouded sky, and a bitter north-east wind blowing shrilly through the denuded woods of Belair. But the discomfort outside served only to enhance the charming coziness of the bright little morning-room which owned Miss Spencelaugh for its mistress. There she' sat, thai most charming object in that room, in a low chair on oneside-of the glowing fireplace, her white dressing-robe falling in ample folds around her, and all the wealth of her raven hair, held only by a band of blue velvet, flowing loosely down her back. On the opposite side of tho fireplace sat homely Jane Garrord, in strange contrast with this lovely vision. There was an expression of doubt and perplexity on the face of Frederica, , She was thinking in tently, her cheek resting on the tip of her forefinger, while her other hand held tho statement which had been drawn up by John English, and sent to her through Jane Garrod, and whioh. she had just finished reading aloud. Each point had been verbally annotated by J ano as she read ; and she was now thinking over the strange story which had thus singulary been brought to her knowledge, and as to the merits of which she was now called upon to decide. " Your eyes are brighter, my bonny one, than when I saw you last," mut tered Jane to herself, while waiting . for Frederica to speak ; " and your cheeks have got back somo of the color they used to have in them when you were a girl. Whatever your trouble was you have pullod bravely through it. Thero is one honest heart I know of that loves you fondly. Do you feel any faint feeble fluttorings that way, I wonder? I think yoii do — I think you do." " This is a very strange story, Jane," said Frederica at length,, " and T really don't know what to think of it. It seems to bear the stamp of truth on every line, and yet some of its state ments are almost incredible. The points that still want clearing up are many and difficult ; and the whole affair is certainly rendered more com plicated by the unaccountable disap pearance of Mr. English. Even sup posing him to have been suddenly called away, I cannot understand why he has not written to you since his departure." " Thore's some treachery at work in tho matter, Miss Frederica, you take my word for it," said Jane with energy. " I have once or twice had tho same thought myself ; but then you tell me that you have ascertained that Mr. English did really quit Pevsey Bay by a certain train, having taken a ticket for London." "Just so," said Jane. "Still, lam none the less certain that some trea chery has been at work. Ho may have been enticed away by a falso message, and bo neither able to writo nor coine back. Oh, Miss Frederica, darling, something must be done, and that at once l'' " I feel with you, nurse, that some thing must be done. The trutli or falsehood of this statement must be proved. If what is put down here be true, then iiaB a foul and hideou9 wrong been dono, and the sooner it is brought to light, and the perpetrators of it punished, the better it will be for all of us. If, on the contrary, it be nothing but an ingeniously woven web of lies, then the writer of it " " But it is not a web of lies, Miss Frederica, but gospel truth every word of it," burst in Jane vehemently. " Think of the likeness — so strong that after 20 years it scared me as if I had seen a ghost. Think of the strange mark on his shoulder — the coiled snake holding the mystic lotos-flower in its mouth. Think over, one by one, the different things he has put down on that paper, and then you must be as firmly convinced as I am that he has not written a word more than the bare truth." " You are lettiug your enthusiasm, and your liking for Mr. English run away with your reason,'' said Frederica. " In tho unexplained absence of that gentleman, and as he has appealed to me, I will, with Heaven's help, have this story sifted to the bottom, and so deal with it as I shall find it true or false 1" Her cheeks wore an added flush as she said these words ; but in her eyes there was a solemn, almost melan choly light, as though she felt that the duty she had taken upon herself to perform would lead her perforce through the dark and troubled waters to a goal which as yet she discerned not at all. " Spoken like my own brave dar ling 1 " said Jane admiringly. " We want nothing but the truth." Frederica ran her eye over the state ment again. " It almost seems to me," she said, " that it would be better for me not to interfere personally in this matter at all, but to put it as it now stands into the hands of my lawyer, Mr. Penning, and leave him to test its value in whatever way he may deem advisable. And yet the interests in volved in it are so peculiar, and there are those under this roof who would be so deeply compromised if what this narrative contains be true, that I cannot help feeling reluctant to lot it pass out of my hands without at least giving one person whom it deeply con cerns a knowledge of the case equal to my own, so that she may be prepared at the proper time to disprove its statements, should she ever be called upon to do so. Then, again, the story is such an incredible one, and there are so many weak points about it at present, that I question whether quiet, matter-of-fact Mr. Penning would not pooh-pooh it altogether, and smile com passionately upon me for allowing myself to put faith in so palpable an absurdity.'' " Cannot some of those weak points be strengthened ?" said Jane. " How so ?" said Frederica. " Mr. English makes mention there of a room in which he wos shut up before he was taken across the sea — of tL l'BOrn with Imrrwl windnwa in whinh there was a hideous bed that frightened him into a fit one day. Now, there must have been such a' room, Miss Frederica." "'There may have been such a room certainly, nurse, or it may have had an existence merely in the imagina tion of Mr. English. But even grant ing the room to have been, a real one, what then ?' "Where are we to find it? — and if found, in what way would it benefit our case ?" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 