FICTION. From English, American, and Other Periodical!. WHO BID IT t CHAPTER IV.-(Continued.) . Aloud he said : " Toa confide in ber ?" " No," said Elizabeth boldly. " But that letter," said Mr. Latreille, dis- liking his task very mach, " why did she destroy the letter you wrote to Mr. Robb overnight ?" Elizabeth's face grew haggard as he looked at it. " Did she destroy it ?" ehe said. "I saw | her bum something, but did not know what. Why should she barn the one I wrote to Mr. ,Robb ? It was only a few lines about a busi- ness matter. She Btppped abruptly and her colour rose " I did not ask him to come down that night," she said proudly, " but he came." Mr. Latreille moved irritably. " Gould she-for of. course you are aware she will be brought forward as a witness against your husband ?-betray anything that would have a bearing on the case?" Over Elizabeth's blue eyes a veil seemed to be insensibly drawn. "If she were maliciously disposed, yes," she said, as calmly as if it were a more natural thing to own to guilt than innoconce. "You are very magnanimous," said Mr. Latreille, starting up; " taße carp you are not taken advantage of. If you are wise (he dropped his voice to a whisper) you will take advantage of her presence here to find out from her all you can as to her friends-and her lover. Of course she has one ?" " She is very reserved," said Elisabeth, wearily, " but I believe she occasionally walks ont with some man." " French ? ' " I imagine so." " She usually mixes your night draught ?" said Mr. Latreille carelessly, but Hb eyes | was keener than ever. " Sometimea." , " She mixed one for you that night ?" "No," said Elizabeth, looking surprised. " I mixed it myself." " Humph !" said Mr. Latreille again, " and you slept unusually sound ?" " I-" Elizabeth stopped abruptly, and Mr. Latrielle muttered " almost caught" under his breath. " I do not find you deaf, at all," he said, suddenly, "and judging by the events of that night, I expected (pardon me) to find you almost stone deaf." " She looked up\ " I can always hear cultivated voices," she said, " and you speak very distinctly. It is the half-educated people and servants whom I cannot understand. My friends sometimes say to me, ' "Why do you talk so much to so and-so ?' I say, ' because he has a delicious voice, and I oan hear him.' " " Yet yon did not bear the pistol-shot that night," said Mr. Latreille. The thick fringes of her eyes fell sud- denly, making answer neither negative nor affirmative. " You are too young to live here alone, and in a place that has such dreadful associa- tions," he said, looking round the pleasant room as if he expected poor Barry Ross's ghost to be hiding Boroewhere. " Have you po relations to be with you ?" " No, thank Heaven !" said Elizabeth, lift- ing her startlingly blue eyes, two spots,of sweetest colour in the pallor of her small face. " Or friends ?" " Some-but none to confide in. I have my trouble to bear, and I will bear it alone. Here I remain till Jack comes home, or-" " Barry Ross was a good fellow ?" he said abruptly. Elizabeth stepped back as if Mr. Latreille had struck her. " He was a hound" ehe said, with a geBture of fiercest loathing and repudiation, " a traitor and a coward, and he deserved what he got, and more- and more !" Her blue eyeB blazed, her slight form grew taller, she had leaped at a bound from a timid girl to an avenging goddess. " Before God !" said Mr. Latreille below his breath, " she is capable of any thing-what if she has been telling the truth right through after all?" The moment of revenge, of fancied annihi- lation passed ; it was but a little girl trembling in every limb who stood before him with Blender bands held up to him in prayer. " You will do your best for him?" she said. "Yea-I will-but I tell you plainly I have little hope of getting him off. All I have to put against the overwhelming testi- mony to his guilt is one small scrap of evi- dence that may be worth much or notbing at all." " If any one eau save him you will," said Elizabeth, trying to still her quivering limbs, " and O ! may God blesB you if you do." Mr. Latreille took her poor little fluttering hand ana held it fast between his two strong ones. " You a bad woman," he said, literally thinking aloud, " not a bit of it-a better one never breathed, for all your tantrums, and though you can tell a lie, and stick to it, too. Ac d I'll do my best. So he won't see you, I eh ?" " No." " A pity," said Mr. Latreille, his side glance taking in all the pride and suffering of her face, " for I think-" . " Tell him," Bhe Baid earnestly, " that I have but one favour to beg of him, and that I beseech him to grant it me-that he will plead 'Not guilty.' That if he doeB so. if not acquitted, he may be punished for man- slaughter only, and we will wait for him, Daffy and I, till he comes back to ue-we will wait all our lives long if needs be. But if he refuses this request of mine-" She paused, and in her white face Mr. Latreille read her intention. " I will tell him," he said below his breath. " And I will come and see you again as soon ' as I have anything to tell you." He pressed her band. There were tears in his eyes bb he went out. 