The Mystery of the Mountain. CHAPTER V.-(Continued!.) She shrugged her pretty shoulders and laughed. " Y-e-B, I suppose you would call it distinguish- ing myself, Mr. Mansfield. At my first attempt, I came near drowning myself and poor Mrs. Castle mon ; at the second, I somehow forgot my orders and steered straight into a boat that was crossing our bow and-Oh, well, there will be no trouble for you to comprehend the consequences ! They threatened me with all sorts of dreadful punish- ments. Mrs. Castlemon was the only one who had the sweetness to uphold me !" Allan looked quite overcome. " I hope you were not really hurt in either case, Miss Hallston. Was there no one to come to your assistance ?" " Oh, yes !" She laughed. She was tormenting him, and what woman would not have known it ? She lifted her eyes for one moment to his with that expression of wickedness he had by that time become pretty well acquainted with. " There was not any particular 'danger, I suppose, if I had not got so frightened myself. But when I felt myself going down the first time, I lost all control, and screamed fit t« wake the dead. Anyhow, Mr. Montgomery told me so afterward-" " Mr. Montgomery ?" There was danger as well as anxiety in Allan's eyes as he put this interroga- tion. He was not the man to sit tamely down and be outwitted by a man. If this Montgomery knew what was well for him, he would betake himself off at once and leave the coast clear for Mr. Mansfield. Again that tormenting dimple around the red mouth. Again that swift, flashing glance straight into his. The pretty shoulders were shrugged daintily, as Miss Hallston replied : " Yes. Mr. Arthur Montgomery. He hails from Canada, so he told me himself, and is very delight- ful company. We have been very good friends since that day-" " The day he saved your life ?" There was an ominious growl in Allan Mansfield's voice. He cursed himself inwardly for not being on the spot at that most opportune time. What had he de- layed his vacation for ? Was he to be beaten, after all, by some fool by the name of Arthur Montgom- ery from Canada ? Miss Hallston recognised his fine show of Wrath, but was, so far as appearances went, utterly uncon scious of it, as she said, sweetly : "W-e-1-1, yes, he did Bave my life, I suppose. Anyway, I was going under the second time, and I'm sure I didn't know much when he finally got me out. Ugh !" What a tormenting creature she waa ! Did ever any other woman know so thoroughly how to drive a man to desperation with her shrugs and pretty scowls and mischievous dimples ? " The water was so cold ! One doesn't know how cold it is when one goes in without one's sanction!" The trouble upon her face nearly upset his equanimity. " The lakes are very pretty, and it's fun to bathe when one wants a bath of one's own will, but when it comes to tuaablingSn promiscuously, it ¡B alto- gether another thing !" " Altogether !" he corroborated calmly, though, he could have treated Mr. Arthur Montgomery of Canada to a good dose of the same unpleasant treatment. "Now that I ara here, I shall see that you are better cared for, Miss Hallston." " But you don't know how well they do take care of me," said Miss Hallston, with that dreadful air of sweetness that was so distracting. " Everyone is so good to me, Mr. Mansfield. You don't know how good everyone is to roe. I couldn't ask anyone to be better to me." Of course, she could not ask for better care. Did he think she eould, foolish man ? Didn't he know she was tormenting him? Couldn't he see that she was but taking up her old mischievous ways among the mountains that had kept him so uncer- tain of her heart the winter through ? It surely was short time enough since he had seen her to not forget her nature. " A fellow couldn't help being good to you," he 6aid, with great authority, as they rose from the table presently. " Even a savage would treat you with due respect, Miss Hallston." She laughed gaily. This man amused her more than most men. There was something so tall and commanding about him, in spite of that open frank- ness that was like a boy's heart. " As I can't put your assertion to the test, there being no Bavages nearer than the Congo, I shall be forced to take it for granted, Mr. Mansfield. Mrs. Castlemon and I are going over to carry to the foot of Whiteface, this morning. Are you rested enough from your trip to go with us, Mr. Mansfield ? I may give you the opportunity to take good care of me. They say I am always getting into some mis- hap !" " I shall be delighted !" He was alert enough then. " Will you remain there long enough to have a small luncheon, Miss Hallston ? It would be quite gypsy- like, if you would care for it. Besides, if you should attempt any dangerous feat, we would have better provision for regaining your strength !" " I suppose you will tire of teasing me about that!" she said, with a frown upon her brow. " I should not have told you, but I thought you would be sorry and take the better oar« of me, Mr. Mansfield." What pathos there was in the sweet voice and in the lifted eyes ! Allan was quite beside himself with delight. He had not yet been distanced by any man, be he from Canada or from the most remote part of the earth -no, find he would not be, either, if it were in human power to make it otherwise. " You know it is always my greatest pleasure to care for you," he said gravely, though he made no offer of warmer friendship. Allan Mansfield under- stood himself and the woman he was with too well to make such a mistake. "Are there to be any others in the party, Miss Hallston ?" " Would you wish others to come ?" Have you any friend you would invite, Mr. Mansfield ? We grant you the liberty to invite any such. As to ourselves, we have invited no one excepting your- self add," the slightest pause between the words, " Mr. Montgomery." "Of Canada!" added Allan, unconsciously be- tween his teeth. Miss Hallston laughed merrily. She walked be- side him in the most engaging unconsciouness, as they left the dining-room, without so much as a blush at her own coquetry. There were plenty of eyes upon them as they passed from the room, and emerged upon the piazza in the shade where the breeze from the mountains swept the heat from the world. " I am afraid you are not in the best of humour, Mr. Mansfield," she said, wickedly. "Did you rest well after your trip of yester- day ?" He laughed. Who could keep ill-nature long in the presence of that girl ? She was so fresh and frank and breezy herself, one must put aside all unpleasantness with her. " Well, I haven't the slightest objection to the presence of Mr. Montgomery, then," he said, gaily, " Whether he be, as I might say, from Canada or the Congo. Of course he is handsome and wealthy and young, but after all I have no fear of Miss Hallston giving the place to new friends belonging to the old. It isn't her way. " At least you have faith in me," she laughed, sweetly. " If all my friends had as much faith, it might he more pleasant. Especially"-she was going too far in this conversation, and must change the current-" especially, when I attempt to drown them, and they refuse to be drowned !" " Drowning isn't a remarkably pleasant death, in spite of what others will say," said Allan, calmly» well satisfied with her small self-defence ; " but if I had to be drowned, I prefer its coming from Mies Hallston's distinguishing attempts." How gaily she laughed. " Then you'll not struggle, or cry out, or make some dreadful remark about the clumsy work of so»e women, I suppose ?" she said, merrily. Then she added suddenly, as though the thought had just occurred to her : " You remained over night at the Lake, of course. At what hotel did you stay ?" A Blow, deep flush rose to his face. He could no more repress it than he could have foreseen the question. > What would he tell her ? He had passed his oath to keep his night's adventure a secret even from her. He could not Ho to her ; if he should, with the hope that it might be forgiven him under the circumstances, she would undoub- tedly find it out, and despise him. He had never attempted to deceive any one in his life that the tables were not turned upon him. And if he should give her this opportunity to mistrust him, might not this new friend of hers, this Arthur Montgomery of Canada, step into his place in her friendship ? He would not bear that. He must manage to get through this false position in some manner. > " How warm it is here after the cool dining room !'» he said, quietly, standing very still beside her. " I beg your pardon, Miss Hallston. You asked me-" " Oh, it doesn't matter !" She turned from him with a new, provd hauteur in her manner and voice. " You are not yourself to-day, Mr. Mansfield. Had you not better rest than attempt to join our ex- ploring party ? Your ride was doubtless very tire- some this morning. You should not have attempted it BO early." He stood motionless, watching her moving away from him, powerless to detain her, powerless to explain why he could not reply to this question of hers as frankly as he had always replied to a ques- tion. " Of course, if your party is filled-" he began, angrily. But this was an injustice to her as well as to himself. Edith Hallston was not one to invite him if she had not truly wished his presence. " I am cross, there ian't a doubt !" he added, and laughed, trying to be himself. But that, too, was a failure. " Pray don't make exouses," said Miss Hallston, coldly, having paused a few feet from him, looking off across the lake to the mountain rising above the mists. Allan made a desperate move.\ He crossed over to her Bide and Btood there as proudly and as coldly as Bhe. His eyes were not on the mountain however ; they were upon the still, cold face beside him. " I did get here early, didn't I ?" he asked rather irrelevantly, with a forced laugh. "To tell the truth, I didn't ride all the way out from Saranao this morning though ! There's a house-a sort of hotel on the road, you know. It waa getting pretty dark before I reached there. That is preferable to riding so far through those woods, don't you think so ?" Her face lighted, but she would not relent too soon. " It is not a desirable road to travel in tho dark I should think," she said calmly, still keeping her cold face from him. " Had you ever attempted it you would discover that yourself va you discovered how pleasant it is to bo drowned !"he retorted with his old free laugh. He knew she was relenting and would be herself by and by. " It is too bad you missed the stage," she said, presently, a trifle more warmth in her voice, though she still would not grant him the ghost of a smile or softening of the rigidly proud outlines of her, face. The breakfast groups were breaking up. Some of the guests went to their rooms, others appeared upon the piazza and the grounds. One young fellow from among these latter, catching sight of Allan upon the piazza, left his friends, and ran up the steps, and over to him with extended hands and smiling face. "You here at last all right, Al? Came up on the train with me, and never knew it till too late to run in partnership ! I came over in a livery rig. Got left for the stage, you know. Slopped at the hotel half-way, and took Bupper. Two of us, you know. George Jackson and I. You remember George ? Good fellow-just the Borfc -to travel with. The right companion, eh, Miss Hallston ? How'd you come over ? Stage ? Didn't know you were in the house till I saw you just now. Breakfasted ? Earlier than I ? That's why I didn't see you. And you're been hera all night, and I never kn'ew it ! It's a wonder we didn't divine each other's presence !" i He was a good fellow-was tins newcomer. He laughed and joked, and melted the coldness be- tween the two friends, as they could not have done if left to themselves ; but Allan began to fear, after his mentioning that he and his friend had supped at that half-way hotel, that he would be discovered in his prevarication. He had not lied openly. He had merely given a small hint of the possibility of his having remained over night at that hotel ; but Edith was not to be easily blinded. All he could do was to keep as far from the subject of hotels and the road over as was possible. " And where's George ?" asked Allan, when his friond had pretty well used up his enthusiasm at their meeting. "He came over with you, you ' said ?" " Of coarse ! We're inseparable, you know !" And this new friend laughed easily. "Chums,you know ! Went to college and through all the scrapes as one fellow. Couldn't be separated. That's friendship for you, Miss Hallston! George'll be down in a short tiree. He's asleep, you see. And you stayed at this very hotel all night and we did not know it ! Why didn't you look us up in the register ?" Allan laughed. Things were growing awkward for him, but he must get himself out all right. '. How should I know you were here ? And why didn't you look me up, pray ?" " Tit for tat, eh ? Well, we didn't lock you up because we didn't know you were coming right on Saw you get off at the station back there at Saranac, but couldn't catch you, somehow, and when we looked around for you, you were not to be found> You possess that faculty, you know. I'll bring George. He'll be immensely glad to see you." " I thought you said he was still sleeping ?" said Allan, daringly. He would keep the conversation off the dangerous topic as long as it was possible Any subject was better than that. " So he was'the last I Baw of him, but it'll take me just five minutes to bring him upend down here, when he knows your here. I'll try it if you say so." "No." Allan laughed. "Don't pretend that he's such an intense admirer of mine, as that he would break bis sleep for the sight of me an hour sooner than he otherwise would. Any of the other fellows hero ?" " No ; none that you know, I think. Unless hold on. Do you know Montgomery-- Arthur Montgomery ¡ He lives in Canada, and, as it hap- pened, we struck company at Montreal. I waa at the ice palace, you know. He's a good fellow enough, but rather slow. He'd faint at sight of a bear, I'm positive, and would run for all he was worth if a wild cat should be within twenty miles of' him. But he's nice in his way. He*B good natured, you know, and won't take it hard if you run him a bit. He knows his deficiencies as well as his friends do." " Oh, that sort of a fellow !" Allan hadn't much fear of him, then. That wasn't the style of man with whom Edith Hallston would fall in love. So far he was safe. "No; I failed to remember the gentleman. Never met, I think. What sort of a looking man is he ?" "Oh goodish enough. Sandy hair, you know, and moustache and those light-blue eyes that go with that hair generally. It isn't his looks that he goes on, it's his good-nature. You simply can't get him wrathy if you try." " He can't have much spirit," Allan said, for- getting for the instant the words were uttered that he was a friend of Edith's, and had saved her life, " to run from a bear in the Adirondacks where there isn't such an animal-or mighty few-and never to lose his temper." " I think it is nicer to have a good temper than to be disagreeable as some people know how to be," said Edith sweetly, but with the deepest and direst meaning in her "voice. " It is such a novelty to meet such a man that one might be tempted to fall in love with him on the spot !" " Pray don't, MÍBS Hallston !" said the other merrily, puckering up his brows ruefully. "It might send him \ip in the seventh heaven, but what a low Btate it would leave the rest of us in !" " Oh, yea, and he saved your life s one should not forget that !" said Allan, calmly. " How did he ever come to do it if he is such a coward ?" " But he isn't a coward-" began Edith in indigo nant protest. " There isn't a cowardly hair in his head ! But you may ask him, Mr. Mansfield, and he may be better able to tell you how he came to do it than I could. Here he comes at this moment." " Speaking of angels !" murmured the lively young fellow, with an amused smile around his lips. " What do you think of him, Mansfield ?" Allan turned to view the newcomer, somewhat eager to soe for himself what this rival i of his was like-for he classed him as a rival instinctively. As i he was neither brave nor handsome, the dango lessened, but Edith upheld him because he was. good-natured, and it had been his own ill fortune to show her a decided ill- nature that very morning ! He was rather short, the approaching man, and slenderly .uilt, but there was something so pleasant about his ruddy face and sandy hair that Allan began to dislike him at the first glance. He ap- peared upon the piazza among the crowd with the utmost easp, and after a slow glance around, des- cried Miss Hallston with her friends not far from him, and lifting his hat, seeing that they were looking his way, he approached them. " You are late," said Edith, sweetly, with that bewitching side glance Allan had thought reserved for himself alone. " And such a charming morn- ing, Mr. Montgomery ! You came near being left behind by our party." He flushed and murmured some apology that was for her ear alone, and ohe laughed with all possible grace. " Never mind. You are still in time, Mr. Montgomery, have you met Mr. Mansfield ? Mr. Mansfield, this is my friend, who I told you res- cued me from tho effects of one of ray distinguish ments. You must be good friends. You say you have met Mr. Montgomery, Mr. Deland ?" The jolly young man bowed and smiled. Mr. Montgomery bowed and smiled also. " I have that pleasure, Miss Hallston. Glad to see you looking so well, Montgomery. The last time I saw you, you were pretty well done up by that rush down ?be toboggan slide." They laughed as over some pretty good joke, and j then Edith said, quietly : " If we are going across the lake, we had better start while it is cool. The sun gets so dreadfully warm late in the day. I will find Mrs. Castlemon and we will start. Do you care to join us, Mr. Deland ?" " Sorry, I'm sure, Miss Hallston, but as I promised Jackson to go over¡with him to Sarauoc on some business about his luggage, it isn't possible. You will let me go with you some other day ?" She nodded carelessly. In a few minutes they were off, a boy accompany- ing them with basket of luncheon ; but the day was darkening for Allan Mansfield, for Edith h d i managed her affair pretty well, and was walking beside Mr. Montgomery, while Mrs. Castlemon was left for his own care. | "I wiBh he'd been at the bottom of the sea before he saved her life !" he muttered to hirasel more than once during the day ¡ but this did not imply that he wished Miss Hallston had been left to drown ! (To be continued.) 