FLASHLIGHTS. [By Focus'em.] Following the races — Many an empty pocket. ? Monumental cheek— The laudatory epitaph. The ghost of a show. — An ancient play bill. - Time is money, but it is wasted when least' used. ' Appointed to fill a vacancy. — Y our diriing-table. ' ' ' ; '*'? . , .. Parnell opposed to abolition of plural voting, as it. will deprive Ireland of 23 members. * ?( . Cardinal Manning issued special pas toral urging parents to bring up children as total abstainers; - '? ~ We sometimes build better than wo know. But the contractors nearly always know better than they build. There was no business of any kind at the Police Court yesterday morning.' -' It usually is a feast or a famine.. , . The man who wishes that he had- his life to live over again is reminded that two failures are worse than one. The fun of an elopment becomes a decided chestnut after. -it has been thought over for a month or two. : London dock laborers threaten general strike unless demands conceded as to r non-employment on non-union labor. Hollis, Sharp and M'Gowen, Ms. P., addressed meeting at Crookwell on Saturday in favor of labor movement. ' Cabby never forgets that ho is a gentleman.' That's all right ; but. he never remembers that others are, too.' Attorney-General says that money granted to widow, not dead, of late John Sutherland cannot be paid to surviving child. : The. New Stock Exchange member who has his hat smashed over his ears justly thinks that the stove-pipe joke is played out. - . Likely that Hill's . great . racehorse Marvel will shortly be sent to England try conclusions with cracks - in the old country. ? : - : Darry Sentinel advertisement — ' Wanted, a man and his wife as care takers for a gentleman's country house. One must be .sober.' The weil-known Reform Club in Macquarie- street, home of many Oppo sitionists, is defunct, and effects will be! brought under hammer.- ? j Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof; but the day is not sufficient unto the evil, which is very likely to lap; far over into the night. ? Men may come and women may go,;: but for coming and going the servant girl lias a record that never will be; broken except by herself. , - Parkes considers service of women in elSct'ion of men who made country's laws would be* of more advantage to society, than vote of men. Humbug 1 Two females, Bessie Haurigan (21); and Alice Murray (15), died in Prince Alfred Hospital on Sunday from effects of burns accidentally received. . Many a man who hides his light; under a'bushel only does so in the hope; that the .flame of the burning basket may illumine his posthumous fame.*, . - , Melbourne Chamber of Manufacturers'; agitating for intercolonial conference for; purpose of discussing details of 1 federal; tariff for whole of Australia. Good ! j General Booth, leader of Salvation Armv, will explain scheme, 'In Darkest England and way out,' to a number of' members of Parliament and private; citizens in Melbourne to-day. . She : ' I have been shut up in aj boarding- shool so long that I feel -very; awkward and timid in company. I do; not know what to do with my hands.'; He: 'I'll hold them for you.' ? . At Women's Christian Temperance Union. Sydney, resolution passed de manding that women should be allowed to vote on local option clause of Licensing Bill now before Parliament. What a tender fancy it was that inspired Burns' song, ' Whistle, and I'll come to you, my lad ! ' But the young men of that age were evidently not in tho habitof whistling ' Little Annie Rooney ' and ' M'Ginty.' General synod of Anglican dioceses in Australia and Tasmania opened in St. Andrew's Cathedral yesterday, when a sermon was preached by Bishop of Tas mania. Business session commenced in Chapter House in afternoon. He stares muchly. — A certain bank clerk in Bathurst has developed a habit of sitting on hotel tables after hours and the cadism of staring gentlemen present out of countenance, whilst lie munches bread and that species of j'ellow tallow known as colonial cheese. Roberts' Hotel, at the intersection of George and Market sts., Sydney, situated in the very heart of the city, forms one of the most imposing structures in the colony, while for internal elegance it stands unsurpassed. The well-appointed dining-room, ladies' drawing and gentle men's smoking rooms are all furnished in the most luxurious style ;. the cuisine is under the charge of a French chef de cuisine , while the attendance is excellent. The bath rooms aro special features of attraction, and visitors to the capital should stay at Roberts' Hotel. 