1Rovclil3t. The Rajah's Vengeance., A STORY OF INDIAI,:. 13B"F RE-bER-rC ' DI DEY. P:l 'ER I[[.--Costrt?~ou. While seemingrly frank and confident with me, there were some points upon which lie was exz tremely reticent. He told me that he belonged to one of the Rajpootran sects; and was allied to the house of a pweerful 11 ij tl who only remained fiendly withl the Blritish rule so long as it left him undistu:?.?l it his own possessions. The Rajah Nahmanha was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrha's description, was marvellously rich, proud as Lacifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large extent, and was situated in the district known as Odeyporo. ' GCan you tell me,' I asked of Simrha, ' if you have ever known oea IIindoo prince called Itavana?' SYes, sahib,' he.replied. The Rlsjah Rlavana was the father of the lajah ahmanda.' .. It was only my strong self-control and power to supprers suddeu emotions which prevented me from leaping to my feet with a cry of joy. As it was, w started a little, for the answer he had given told me that, through sonis stranga circunstance,? I had engaged a' my servant one who was already connected with the household of the very lRajah to whom I must 1bok for the information I sought in behallof COgiwll's rquest. It was then I began to question Sinmrli, and found hiiiso extremely reticent and so loth to . i?.. n- e.?y?dotailh ruarding.thethins Imost wished to known. ?- "r. "'. Onthe fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would be, in a measure, frank with hiim, and thus \- ascertain if it were possible' to' persuade himn to tell me more concerning the Rsjah's immediate surroundings. ,,; Simrha,' I said, quietly, ' I, too, am going to India.' j To India ?' hlie cried. 'Yes, I c`ntinued; ' ansdam so well pleased , with you and-your services that if yqu desire it yon may continue, with,. me-on one condi-, tion.' 'Yes, sahib?' " The conditioh is you" remain in my service diuring the time I am in ,your country, and give me what aid you can in an undertaking which I am determined to acomplish. ; He was silent for severandl moments. ' If the sahib does not intend to remain , long, and will not visit Oleypore during his stay; I will readily econsent to the first part of the condition,'. he said, finally. ' But it is to Oleyparo that I most desire to g',.DA AJ .5 s . rAi ' In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your, service, SWhy not,?' 1. 'lecausel belong to the household of the lajah Nahmanda.' a whast capacity do yo3 serve him ! ' That which in your country you would ter secretary.' ' But can yen not secure his consent to my plani? I asked. ..'mpossible, sahib ?' '"? :iiitonie'in which he ansiwered me was so de cided that I plainly saw the futility of arguing with him further.: . Will -youi tell -iin of his household?' I asked. : ' What more -do you desire to know sahib?' . li~?las he any family:? Would be entertain me 1 fora few daysat his palace ?' ' He would not refuse you if you applied to him, sahib;'but, if you will allow me to advise you; do not go there. \- ' Why, Simrha?' SThe. lajah knows you.' now me ?!' I crid so wonder: k l e'n, m , i .Yes, sabib. That is, he will know you by the time you reach his palace, and he will suspect tihe cause of your visit.' * But my visit has no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. 'Pardon me, sahib, but it has. You were for many years the coulidential friend of Sahib lRtu ' ben Cogswell, who is nowv dead, and the Iltjaol will suspect that it is upon his oaftlirs that you make the visit.' I was astounded. SWho are you, Simrlha ? I cried. ' And howdo you know these things?' ' -'I am Simrha, a HalLdoo,' he replied, calmly, , nd I kniow lwhereof I speak, because it became I my duty to know all that concerned the Sahib treuben Cogswell when I left India.' . ' Then you were sent here by the Rajah ?' ' I was, sahib.' -:" . 'In company with another?' He bowed an atllirative. SIfow long ago, Simrha ?' ' Two years.' ' Did you see the old man before he died ?' \- m; a, -?, "-I did, sahio, but le did not see me.' ' Ah i' 'I visited his house many times,' he con tinued. ;.: e ' Without his knowledge?' ' Without his knowledge.' ' For what purpose ?' : l.,C .:. - . . .---- - - - -? - 4? .Ic - - , . " -• -" - " ,: . ?:- " 'For the pi rpe e of serving my master.' 1Simrha,' I said, slowly and impressirely, 'if you cill 1.11 me all you know-and that you think would interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.' ' If the ahib should give me all the wealth of the Rajah Nahmanda,' he replied, 'it would be useless for me to speak, even though I were wil ling.' ' Why?' ' lecauso I should be killed.' ".'Iy whom " SBIy Ithiso who watch me day and night.' Are thelre spies aboard this ship ?'" ' y. sahib, and in this very apartment.' I?, glanced quickly around, but the Hindoo only smiled. ,':They cannot be seen,' he said, ' and yet they are here 8.e 1 I1 will leave the apartment and go upon deck. While I am gene, if you will recall the faceof the Salhb Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really hero, I will return and tell you "lh t you said and what lie answered. '!Wht lie ? nswered !' " Ytes, sahib, for he will answer you.' W:Vithout another word he turned and left me, 'while seating inyself on the edge i f my bunk, 1 fell to picturing Cogiwell's face upon my memory. Ablost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound aronud it; my eyes grew heavy and 1 closed them, but slot in sleep; only brcause is acined at effort to ksep'them open. Suddenly a'tary familiar voice broke in upon i What'is it, John?' it said; and looking up ruickly,' although m yeyes still felt as if they were closed, I beheld ileuben Cogswell standing before me. He lookeddjust as I-had -seen him in my inI explicable dream the nighti mwhen I obtained the siguatures, and as then his presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that he should be there. ' Who is this Hindoo travelling with me ?'I asked. ' A peliar person,' e replied.. IHe is subtle keen, and powerful in his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.' ' Hekiows much of our affairsI said slowly and meditatively. ' He knows nearlyl all,' - replied the old man, 'What he does not know. and what, ho, is. deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyage to his country.' 'How shallI be able to' prevails upo'n .im to work for me in this matter of carrying 'out your wishes? His familiarity with all th' phases of Hindoo life would be invaluable to me. SAy, Jolhn, so it would, but you must be careful. Ibelieve Siirmha to be faithful, and possibly, it you'were frank and open with him, it might not hs amiss. Regarding that, .however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise you.'' . Old1 Ieuben's face was becoming indistinct, and as it did so my mind seemed- to work'with more freedod? for suddenly a new; thought occurred to te. K :' Wait !" lried. ' One more question.' ' What is it ?' ' Shall I find your descendant in India? Have yoa'o.c there?' Was it fancy, or did the face before me relax into a smile as I asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance 1 heard his voice re ply to my question: S'Ay, 1have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her.' 'Her!' I cried, but Ihe had gone. Thefsamiliar old face had faded from view, and I was left aloeo. ' ' '"l1 bed my eys vigoioualy, niu tea ois--crlti su effort opened them to find myself still sitting upon the edgeof my bunk in the state-room with every thing that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. , Is mymind losing its balance?' I asked my. self, ' Am I subject to .fits of abstractedness in which I lhave tliese strange and realistic visions, dreams, in which I see ghosts? Pshaw ! Non sense ! And yet' At this instant the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. There was a peculiar smile upon his fnce like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still hovering about me, I fancied there was something triumphant in his glanice also. Shall Ienter, sahib?' he inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came in and closed the door behind him. 'Shall I speak and tell the sahib what has .transpired ?'-Se l'icturo No. .-- he asked; and I wondering, if .he indeed knew, and yet, dreading to share the khow1leigo with him, besi iated: . N.\ G.-' Shall I speak and tell the sahibwhat has transpired ?' asked Simrha. Mly curiosity was too much for me, however, and tile strange smile which still lingered about the Hindoo's eyes seemed to urge mo on. * Yes,' speak !' I said. ' Tell me all you know -all, or leave my employ.' CIIAPTEIR IV. TIlE HIINDO S WARNING. Simrha rented himself upon a chair near the door, and slowly repeated the questions and answers, each and all, which had passed between R-.ubeu Cogswell and myself during my strango dream, for I could explain my late experience no other way. When lie had finished, I sprang to my feet in aeger.' ' Go on,' 1 cried. 'Tell me all, for there is still much to tell. You, who prevailed on me to en gage you as myservant, because you were in want, have by somen infernal means obtained possession of all the secrets I would have kept, even from Heaven, had I the power; and now I swear that you shall never leave this room alive until you have answered every question which I shall ask.' I held in my hand a revolver, the hammer raised, and the muzzle pointing straight at his head, but, notwithstanding my attitude and the danger which seemed to menace him, lie did not S:chove. ' Let the sahib ask thequestion before he shoots,' said he, calmly. 'Do you know the descendant of this Rltubn Cogswell?' 'Yes.' ' Who, where, and what is the person ?' ' Slhe is a grand-niece of the Rlajah Nahmanbh , and resides in his palace in Odeyporo. What is she? A true daughter of Vishnu, and I, sahib, am her slave.' I lowered my weapon, and in a moment more he continued : ' Let the sahib listen,' he said, with a dignity that impressed me, and let hln take heed. During tho night before lie left his native place a double crime was committed, with the com mission of which he was accused. Being cast into prison, an unknown friend released him, and he escaped.' I was by this time walking back and forth in the little room, too much agitated to allow myself to speak; but in my hand I still carried the revol ler, and in my mind many schemes arose for rid ding myself of this unpleasant confidant: I did not interrupt him, however. 'You are bound for the East on a most daug, r. ous mission,' he said, and your path will be beset with treachery and danger continually. When you least expect it death will stare you in tihe face. When apparently in the greatest seeurity, perils subtle and sudelein will stand on either hand. Sleeping, waking, in company or in solitude, a danger mightier than the sword of Damocles will hang over you, suspended by the tiniest web the spider spins. And so long as te it j it Nallh manlha lives your peril will continue, until it ends with your death, unless you are prepared to turn back from your present -intentions and forsake. all further effort to find the heir of Reuben Cogs well.' 'Never !' I cried. Again that faint smil}, like the flitting of a phantom, passed across his face... 'I have not done,' he continued. ' for I knew befj:o I spoke that you would not turn back.. There is. S thib; a brighter side, for a friend-t ie fliend who liberated you from prison-twill watchi over you eolisiantly, and'sIwleii dangers threaten and thosword is abuit to fall yoe will be sure to be warned. IHow eaianot be told, Iba let it not matter how the warning comes heed it; no mat ter how many there are,; heed them all, or you will die.' ':Who is this friend?' I asked, pausingabruptly in my restless pacing to aind fro; ' and,,Siamrha, who are you? , Not a servant surely ' Yes, sahib, your servant. Listen ; yus shall know all that can be told.' Wth that you must be satisfied, for nothing more can be revealed at pre?siit. ' When your enemies find that you escape them and still live, they will resort to, apparent warn= ing to lead you into danger; but heed hilem isot.: You will always know thie messages of your friend by the word "Nurha," either spoken er written.' . Wly do :you+ tell me this?' I asked."! To. frigtien 'e? If that is your reasoon,Simrha,you will not succeed: - ' No 'mror u i?ist'ioi can be asiswiered,'sahib, Of all that you have been told take heed, for the truth has been spoken. I deceived.you in ordei ito enter your service, but. that wasi ldon fIor the purpose of this interview. You could inot be 'spoken to until we were on the water. Now; that the words are spoken, we must part. lRemember, sahib, all that you have heard, and if you iheed the warning we shall meet again: if not, you will fail; and, if even you had a hundred lives re given you, one after another, you would still be dead.' Turning abruptly, he re-opened the door, and left me, while I, seating myself once more upon itb edge of the bank, leaned my head upon my hands, and pondered over the strange words I had Was I, th-en, in such great danger constantly ? Was the Tfindoo R ijah so powerful that his influ ence'extended into foreign lands, threatening people's lives? Bah! The idea was preposte rous. And yet, how had Simrha known no much of my affairs? Iow was he to know that I was in any way connected with the affairs of Reuben Cogswell? Nay, more! IHow had hoe becomo possessed of his intimate knowledge regarding the circumstances which had hastened my departure for the East, There was only one answer to the many ques tions which crowded through my brain, and that was in verification of his statement that the agents of the Rtajaeh were upon every anud, watchful, subtle-aye, and fatal too. Blut why had he warned me? Why had hie selected me out of the chaos of Hmdoo hatred to be watched over and finally saved as he had inti siated? Was it only to lead me into greater dangers? Was it part of the treachery to which lie referred? or did there exist some motive of which I had no conception for his friendliness to wards me ? Alas ! there was ino answer to that! 'Stopl' I exclaimed, hurriedly. 'I will go on deck and find him, question him further, and force hi:n to tell me more. Without thinking twice, I left the stateroom for the deck, on reaching which, however, not a sign of Simrha could be seen anywhere among the passengers, although I walked back and forth, eagerly looking for him. At last, feeling that to continue my search un aided would ?e fruitless, 1 spoke to theo chief ollicer, and explained to him mtoy wish to find my servant. ' Oh, yes,' its said, ' reismembr him perfectly a strngeo.lookhmg fellow, 'ith big black eyes. An East Indian--clhi 1 thoughl so. lie spoloe to me hero on deck less than aln hour ago. Lost hlm \--h Wtell, hie is somnewhlcre aboard ship. 1 will swear to that.' Calling the pursuer to hIis aid, we three resumed the searchl, bue afier occupyingan hour in fruitless endeavours to tind him, we met again. ' Hlie couldn't leave the ship very well, unless he went overboard,' said tho oicer, ' and he could not very welldo thlat is daylight withouti my hear ing of it, This thing is very peculiar, and 1 will find hiim if 1 have to ransack the ship from stemi to ste rn.' We began withl thie steerage, every one of the passengers in that part of the vessel beisg com pelled to pass in review before us, We went down into the hold, where stowaways secret themselves. We looked among tlhe stokers is the boiler-rooms. In fact, not a portion ef the ship where a lma could bIy any possibility have secreted himself was left unexsamined. Simisa had disappeared. Timectire ship, erew and passengers alike, be came interested in tihe strange and inexplicable event, and felt that ihe must be found; but as the day wore on, aid still my Hindoo servant was seis sing, 1 gave Ihim up. I Ie must have gone overboard,' said tite chief oflicer to me, whei the search was completed, ' for am positive that he is not aboard thie ves sel now.' And so thought 1, and althoughl 1 could so5 be- I lieve that hle had voluntarily thlrowi himself into the sea, Iconcluded that in attempting to conceal I himself he had somehow fallen overbloard asd been I lost. On the following day a new excitemesntof some kind arose, anid my missing servant was forgotteln, until almost night, when the chief otlicer, followed by the steward, approached me as 1 smokled my cigar ion the deck. ' The steward tells me a strange story,' said the officer, ' ard 1 have asked him to repeat it to you. lf, after you have heard it, you would like to have the ship gone over againte, it shall be done, although 1 think it useless, and the steward's story nothing but imagination.' 'Let me hear it,' 1 said. IIe said that half an hour before ho was put ting away saomr glasses in their proper places, and had occasion to step into a back pantry, where he kept several kinds of dainty food, &.. Ite opecel the doer sullenly, and was frightened nearly out of his wits by the sight that met his g.ze. Standing at the farther eud of the pantry, with a glass of wine at his lips, was the figure of my Hliidoo servant Simrha.. The steward qiickly recovered his wits, how ever, and crying, 'Aha, 1 have caught you, have 1 ?' sprang towards him with arms outstretched. But he had not taken the second step before he came toa uldcn stop, fir the East lndiil was no longer there. Ito had disappeared bifore the steward's eyes, and at the further end of a little closet-like routm, from which there was absolutely no means of escape, except by passintg through the door behind the indignant steward. The man rubbed his eyes, thinking that some thing blurred his vision, but the Itindoo had van ished like the flame of a lamp when quicklysanufftd out. The second look satisied hint that he was not nmistaken, while on the other hand he was as posi tive that the strango man had been there when lie first entered. Thoroughly frightened, he turned anid fled from the place, convinced that hie had seen a ghost, and going straight to the chief officer, he had told the story which in turn waso related to me. S'All imagination,:1 say,. ejaculated the officer 'lbatall then same, ??r. MIrto-r (that was the name 1 had caused to he catered in the piss inger list for mine) ?e w'ill maike ?otl:er searcli if you say 'ILt us go into pantry,' I replied. 'hll1 Siiha lindeed been tlierie ngaged lin drinking itine, tiero: will bhasyme evidence,:of his presenco there, surely.' 1e went together to the steward's pantry, end tlhere, open tlhd little fable ai thir further end was a hslf-empty bottle of claret an!d a glass, both of which the steward took his oath were not there ?ien he yhad' gone otl of thi place ?'couple of licoccs before, ecicountering' in his: ?wayi :what lio now: thoroughly believed to'hbe, thoilhanitom of Slmrhla. ' Ghosts doh"'tdrink wine acid eat'bisenits;' aid the chief oill:er,: and liere are cruminbs which show that somebody has been engiged in eating What say you, Mr. rton ?'i rh '1 did not kino what isay, feeling as though i was surrounded ,by uncanny shipos and inco plieable events.' which somehoir inllienced me -' L?t us make another search,':said 1, after a paunse-..:: This time it was made with even more tho roughness tiln it had b'in iforoethl'differ ent parts'ofl the vessel being exatminedsi ralta neously... The result, Ihowvesr, was tice same as before, as after' two hours had ben'doiisrmined i'ntlhis fruit less search for th'eHindoo, the chief otlli..soughtl me out again. It is useles,' he said; ' the fellow is ioet aboard this ship-1 am certain of that.' SHIow, then, do you account for the steward's story ?' 1 askcd. SSuperstition and imagination,' he replied; and he turned away to attend to his duties. When 1 went down to my state-room it was with mingled feelings of superstitious dread and sceptical doubt in my mind. 1 co:uld not shak off tihe feeling that Simrha was somewhere aboard the vessel, and caught myself looking earnestly into dark corners and obscure places, half expect Icg to Sae ItImaIenisty nmia e.utj.ien.TIy r.,.5a.r.is mu with that peculiarly satislied smileof mingled indulgence, triumph, and friendliness upon his swarthy face. 1 even went so faras to pull aside the curtains and peer under my bunk, as though expecting to see his gleaming and kindly eyes looking at me from among the life- preservers. Thus the time wore away. Twice the steward reported that articles were missing from ihis pan try, but the chief olticer charged the fact to the man's superstitions terror, saying sententiiusly, ' now that Clark had seen one ghost lie would be' troubled with them all his life.' We made port at Liverpool soon after daylight in the morning, and 1 had requested to be notified at the earliest ancmt when 1 could go ashore, and acordingly 1 was aroused by a loud rap on my door just as darkness was fleeing beforo the ad vance of the sun. 1 arose and rubbed my eyes preparatory to dres sing. Was it fancy, or was there something pinned to my coat, where it hung on its hook against the bulkhead? It was no fancy, but fact, and 1 seized the frag ment of paper wirth trembling hlnde, and as 1 read a strange, creeping censation tingled through my nervous cysten. There was an evidence of tihe presence of Sim rha, for there could be no doubt that it was lie who intended to act as the mysterious friend who was to give me timely warning of any approaching danger. The note was written in the IHindustani langu age, ann was as follows: 'Do not stop in London. Go immediately to Dover and then across the Channel to France. When you reach Calais you will hear from Nurhs again.' I hesitated. Now was thei tices for me to decide lwhether or not I should follow the alvic thus gicet mc, for if 1 followed it at all, it must be to do so implicitly in blind cotthletne and ob cdictce. Ira had thile niote been placed ill my room while I slept? Was Simrhla really alive and aboard the ship ? If so, hie must iddeed ble adroit to successfully evade th mnlen who lhad searched for him so diligently through every p rat of the vessel. It wans evident thalst 1 could not avoid him. Wtly, then, attempt it ? If he were indeed my friend, 1 1elt that my mission would succeed; if my enemy, it would fail any way, for 1 could not escape this strange man. SI will obely !' I said aloud; and thieu I sprang hurriedly around, for a voice behlind me had re plied alitost instantly; 'Nurls thalnks yo.' ' Wlho spoke!' I cried; but no one answered. A careful search satisfied me that I was alone. '1 am biet with detils--r angels,' I muttered, ' or else 1 ant going tmad.' IMy toilet was ean.pleted in thie utmnost haste, and I left the ship without delay, making my way as rapidly as I could to Dover, and thence across the Cbannelto Calais. Nothing ocecrred worth remark during tile time thus employed, an:d 1 resolved to remail in the Squaint old Freoich town a few days far rest and to I recover my mental orfiiibrium, wlhich 1 felt wavs Srather awry since the night when I had completed my bargain with,-wiom t,' With Pr1imt and I IHurley, or nith their ghosts ? Ugh! At all events, I I had completed the bargait. With whom or what that largain had really been completed could avail nothintg now. It was done, and there was an end of it--so far? Four days passed in this way, and Ilhad decided to take lny departuire on lhie morning of the filth. .3 I [To nc Co.srasrc . 