I GHOSTS AIO) MYSTERIES. Some Stage " Optical Illusions." It has been reserved for its modern professors' to raise the art of optical de ception to the dignity of a scientific per formance by availing themselves of modern discoveries in optics, pneumatics, electricity, and other branches of know ledge presumably unknown to the ancient world. The majority of the feats per formed depend upon clever arrangements of reflecting or light-absorbing sur faces, which entirely deceive the eye at even very close quarters". But this field has very lately been intruded on by the addition or substitution of mechanical devices by the aid of which apparent miracles arc performed, rivalling the wonders recorded by Eastern travellers. "Pei-teh's Ghost" and "the Beautiful ISiobe." Pepper's Ghost was based upon the simple principle that the image of any person or thing projected upon a reflect ing surfuce with a dark background, was refracted to apparently the same distance behind that surface—a result seen every day in an ordinary mirror, but owing its startling effect to the dark and hollow background which allowed a real person to apxiareutly walk through the refracted image. Some dozen years ago (says a writer in Inixntion) Mr Pepper, in con junction with Mr Walker,. invented the mysterious change trick, in which a man was apparently changed into . a woman, and vice vcrsii. on the stage in full view of the audience. This, like the "ghost,? was a purely optical device, and was revivified with some modifica tions last year by another performer. Long previous to this, the " Talking Head " had ^been successfully exhibited all over the world. The spectator saw what was apparently a four-legged bible standing on an empty stage. Upon this table was a human head, obviously attached to a body, as it was uudoubthely that of a live person; but how the body was con cealed puzzled many thousands of spec tators for a considerable time. The next to succeed Professor Pepper's first illusion if we mistake not was the "Beautiful Wiohe," which consisted of an apparently human head turned to stone, which, at the command of the exhibitor again he came endowed with life,and was followed by the " Strange Lady," exhibited attbe lloyal Aquarium, and somewhat of the same order as the "Talking Head." The lady reposes bodyless on three brass bars, and to prove that there is no decep tion Dr Jenning opens the door at the back, through which an uninterrupted view can be obtained, proving that the illusion is not created by means of re flectors. Eew ever succeed in discover ing " how it is done," and the majority are oven more puzzled by the " magic I hand," shown at the same time, which | has frequently defied the scrutiny of pro fessional conjurers. Dr Jennings was the first performer who started this class of entertainment at "Westminster, and that it should have continued to be a success for so long a period is a strong testimony to its fascination. "TlIAUltA." Among the most notable examples of I the dmptin dsns that have from time to time startled the uninitiated are the inventions of a gentleman whose name | may be quite unfamiliar to our readers, but whose productions liave found then way to every part of the habitable globe. Thejgentleman in question, Mr J. H. Winston, unlike most performers, does not attack his name to the advertise ments announcing Ins exhibitions, but he is well-known to all professors of the mystic art as the inventor of all the illusions that have ^appeared at the Crystal Palace for some j*ears past. One of his first productions, " Thauuia," he first produced at that place of entertain ment hi connection with the celebrated conjurer, Dr. Lynn, in 1SS1. This is probably the best known of Mr Winston's inventions, as there is scarcely a city of importance in any j»art Qf the world where it has not been exhibited. " The solution of the mystery is ridiculously simple,"it was once written": " The lady is placed upon an inclined pLuic, her head, her shoulders, and arms alone being visible. The plane ! on which her body 1 ies is invisible in tbe darkness beneath. At tbe neck, bow ever, begins a false bast, elegeutly ' cor setted,' the waist of wliicb touches the centre of tbe board on which her trunk is apparently swinging. The false bust is in the same perpendicular with her head, shoulders and arms, and she might he stabbed in the apparent region of the heart with the sharpest of daggers with out sustaining the slightest injury." Mr Winston, however, states that the real explanation of the illusion is not quite so " ridiculously simple " as this writer ap pears to think. The explanation given above, like the anatomy of the lady, is " all right so fur as it goes; " but the real secret lies in the production of the darkness below the waist. Mr Winston discovered a method of absorbing all i"ays of light falling upon the incliued plane and thus -rendering it invisible, aud it was by this meaus, and not merely [ by keeping the lower half of the lady I " in the dark,'' that the illusion is really ' produced. " See-Wjio-Must-Be-Obeyed. Among Mr Winston's othcrproductions may he mentioned " Ihdas," an im proved kind of " Thauma," in which the darkness referred to above was con verted into a blaze of light; a "vanishing lady on a principle never used by anv other performer, and tbe mysterious " She-wko-must-be-obeyed," the 6ecret ; of which/has baffled expert exponents of I " modem magic." In the latter illusion the visitor sees before hiui, suspended in mid-air, a small brazeu nm about Gin. depth, and out of this; small receptacle, which is said to contain the ashes of tbe terrible " white queen," but which would certainly not hold an ordinary sized baby, rises a : full-grown lady, who demonstrates her substantiality by tapping tbe sides and bottom of the nm and finally retires into the same narrow compass, leaving the amazed spectators vainly puzzling out1 " how it's done." " Cleopatra ; the magic of the ancient Egyptians resuscitated and restored," is also another of this gentleman's inven tions, and consists of a series of start- i ling illusions and effects illustrative of Mr Eider Haggard's novel of thutj name. ■ " Tiee Maid of the Moon." But of all Mr Winston's products the palm must certainly be awarded liis latest " H Misterio Yolante," or i "Maid of the Moon," produced at Crystal Palace. The entire hack of stage is occupied by an immense moi whiehis illuminated from behind. 1 only object of this large'transparent si face, is to render it impossible - for i opaque substance, however small or f such as wire or string, to be interpo between the audieuce and this tra •parency without its being at ouee detec by tbe sharp eyes of tbe spectators. AJ •a brief introduction, • Mr . Winston le bis subject, a young la'dy about 5ft. £ in height, on to tbe front of the sta within about 0 ft. of the audience, s after putting her into a mesmeric trai she immediately ascends several feet s performs tbe most astonishing evoluti in mid-air atthebidding'of the exhibii Mr Winston gives practical demonstrat of tbe impossibility of tbe subject be supported : liv wires .' or smngs, i considering that the' whole exhibit takes place, almost within reach of audience; iindS or 10 ft. in' front of illuniiuated background, it would s< impossibility to support the lady by mechanical means without its being_ at once apparent to the spectators. A simi lar illusion was for some time exhibiting under the management of Mr Carl Hertz, and many have regretted to'find that" it is now closed. It produced an excellent effect, but was not accomplished in quite the same manner as Mir Winston's. : Mr Maskekyxe's Latest. We have reserved until the last any special allusion to Mr Maskelyne,: who, this notwithstanding, is . probably the doyen of inventors in the illusive art. This is the latest and certainly the . most startling deception yet presented at- that headquarters of mystery, the Egyptian Hall : A well-grown young lady is placed in a cage of appropriate size, in full view of the audience, and this is placed on a wooden stand, previously handed round for examination by the audience, so as to negative the idea of, its .being possible to use a trap door. The cage, with its occupant, is then cov ered with a thin silk cloth, just fitting the exterior; the performer keeps the attention of. the audience for a few sec onds while he is apparently adjusting the cloth, when he suddenly grasps it with his hands, and cage and lady have van ished. This, of course, depends on mechanical, as distiuct from optical, means, but it is none the less one of the most startling if not, as we incline to tbiuk, the very best ever offered to the London public. A Peiiiokjiaxce ix the East. Were we to turn to the East, there would be no lack of most interesting matter in this connection. The narrator of the following was hhhself an excellent amateur prestidigitateur:—" The apart ment being filled, the magicians began their performance. The audience sat on the floor about the fakirs, so that they had no way of concealing themselves or of hiding anything. At their request I examined them, and satisfied myself that they had nothing about them. Then one of the women stepped into the en closure, the rest remaining behind the spectators, who formed a close ring about them. The light was now turned down a little, and in a moment the woman's face begin to be illuminated by a ghostly light that extended quickly over her entire body. She then began to move round and round, utteringa low murmur ing sound the while, gradually quicken ing the pace until she was whirling about like a top. A moment of this, aud the light that had clung about her seemed to be whirled off by centrifugal force aud assumed a pillar-like form beside her. As soon as this was ac complished she stopped, and began to mould the light 'with her hand; and though I- could' distinctly see her hands move through the light as if it were a cloud, it began to assume human form. ' We saw the anus, hands, aud legs all moulded, and finally a face and headgear. She next called for a light, and the caudles being re lighted, there stood an utter stranger, a native seemingly evolved put of cloud land. He stepped forward aud grasped me by the hand ; his hands were moist, as if with perspiration, and he was a very health}-- spirit. After he had talked and drunk a glass of arrack he took his place beside the woman and began to whirl about. The lights were dimmed, but not so that w-e could not see, and in a few moments the figure began to fade, soon assuming the apx>curanee of a pillar or rorrn of light, and then attaching it self to the woman, and seemingly be ing absorbed by her. All this was done in a very short space of time, before the eyes of at least fifty people, and not 10ft. from myself. The girl appeared greatly exhausted afterwards; How tliis'would be explained by the spiritualist as a materialisation, and by the Psychological Soeietv as some new sense or power, &c;, hut, betweeu'you and me, who know that all things can be explained by cold facts, it was merely a clever trick, so skilfully done that I ■ did not discover it in any other way.or shape." . 1 