ELAINE. Perhaps nowhere in the world are such magnificent scenes, such delicious littl< hits of beauty to be found as in Canada It is one of these panoramas 1 would describe with the eyes of a young artist, who, footsore and weary, stopped tc ad mire it one bright summer day. He was midway between two small Ontarian villages, having walked -some eight or nine miles. He sat' on a low snake fence. Behind him was a dense wood, untouched by the hand pf maivand full of nature's beauty. The little' wild flowers peeped modestly from ' the green sward, stately ferns bowed gracefully wj. th the slight breeze which stirred through the tall pine trees and, above'the buzz bf the smaller creation, the hirds sang joyously to their maker. Overhead, such a sky as Canada can boast loomed deeply> dariel} blue, not a speck relieving the sheeny ex panse. Before him rippled a fast flowing creek, the boughs of some willows swish ing in it, as it passed ; and beyond; rising higher and high er till they seemed to reach the heavens, waved the pride of Canada, the glorious maple trees, glowing with the blush of earlf fall. The stranger picked up his knapsack and sketching materials from, theygrass, and rose .to his feet. - jr ' After all,' he mused aloud, * nature isn't everything, and I'm getting hungry, I think I'd better move on.' . ?.¡ V- ' He made his way to the creek, and look ing round', discovered a bridge, .-in the shape of a fallen tree. <». . ' Seems as if the lightning knew , what was wanted in this part of the world,' he murmured, as he looked at the charred and blackened trunk, and thought .what a mighty wind must have laid that jiiassive tree so low. v . Picking his way with care on this natural bridge, he paused to admire the view ; and then, as he raised his eyes, they encoun tered such a beautiful pair that hastartèd, straightway, lost his |balance,. anet.: went down with a splash into the creek.;;; ? Fortunately he was near the ' -.farther bank, and managed to scramble up \itt ;l>i¿ knapsack as well as his - clothés soaked through j hut that was nothing to the pain in his ankle, which made him . fal 1 "ex hausted to the ground. : The young girl, who had started*- at,:)n^ sudden splash in the water, came hurried! vi from behind the clump of maples which had partly hidden her. In spite 'of'-his sufferings, Harry Hilton noticed how light and buoyant the slight figure w;as, how picturesque her plain white dress áñd largV hat adorned with a bunch of real'flowers, and surely he had never before seen;such a beautiful face sparkling with the glow; of perfect health, such an abundance of 'wavy nut-brown hair. T . V , ' He had heard a ringing laugh as he fell in the creek, but as the girl ran . toward f him the dimples disappeared, and a look^oi gentle commiseration took their place. ' Oh, forgive me for laughing,' she said breathlessly ; « I'm afraid you axe hurt.' . Harry looked at the face above him witl ' an artist's appreciation of its , blended tints. '-, ' Must have-sprained my ankle, I think. ' Then you must have it seen to righi away, before it swells any.' She ran Í little way calling out, « Jim, Jim !.».He'll'fix " ,;it: for you,' she said, returning,.' he did '.'mine some years ago, when I fell'-out'of a .-tree. Here, Jim,' she went on; as a' rëd headed farm hand appeared, «lookat tins ? : gentleman's ankle, he's hurt it.' . Jim, looking stolidly surprised, ut the apparition of a strange man, and that à gentleman,, alone in such an out-of- the way place, felt the injured limb with an expert hand,' .* Small bone out,' h.e, said, gruffly. 4 He'd best lean- back lest he faints/ 'Lean against me,' said the girl anxiously. ' Accordingly, Harry leaned his head back, reclining in hör lap, her hand close clasped in his. ' ' ' Don't be afraid to squeeze if it hurts much,' she remarked, cheerfully, and in a moment he nearly wrung the little hand off, for, without more ado, Jim laid hold of the aching foot and, with a jerk, had it in place again. ' Now,' said Jim," ' you give me youi handkerchief, and I'll bind it up tight foi you. You won't be able, to walk for quite a spell, though,' he went on, dubiously. 'You must carry him to the house, of course,' responded his mistress, bustling about to gather together the stranger's be longings. [ The foot being bound up, Jim lifted Harry, who was too weak to have any curiosity as to his destiny, and carrying him as easy as an infant made toward a tall clump of maples, rounding which they .came upon a dainty cottage, com pletely shut off from the outer world It was a white brick house, discolored by age, one side covered with Virginia creeper, and the front a mass of roses andhone3'suclde, climbing up the low verandah and peeping in at the upper windows. A birdcage hung from the centre of the verandah, an old dog at the door lazily rose and stretched himself at their approach, and oh a win dow sill reposed a couple of cats. Over the door the visitor read carved in wood and painted red, * The Hermitage.' The girl ran forward, displaced the cats and wheeled a sofa to the window, on which Jim deposited his burden. . ' Father's gone down to the pasture, hasn't he?' ' Yes, and I guess he won't be back for some time. Anything I can do ?\ asked Jim. ' Yes, you cen get him some clothes out pf father's room and dry his things. I'll get him something hot.' In half an hour she returned, bearing a small tray, and burst out laughing. ' Well, you do look funny. - They're just miles too large for you, but l hope you won't catch cold. You must eat something right away ; we don't have tea for a good while. . See, I have made you some coffee, and here is some chicken. Harry raised himself, and while he did justice to the repast asked,4 May I ask the name of my preserver ?' 'Certainly--Jim.' ' You know I didn't , mean him. If I judged by looks I should say Rose.' ' Then you'd just be wrong. Why didn't you think of Sarah ?' . - ' Because I didn't. think you could have such an ugly name.' 'I think it's horrid of you to call it ugly.' . - . ' Well, I alwaj's did think it ugly/but of course now it is pretty.'. . 'What bosh! Do drink some of my coffee.' She seated herself on a low rocker and folding her hauds softly together, re marked, 4 Dp you know you are. the - first gentleman, }except ; ' papa," I " have ever seen.'.',- . ,'. t. v .. "J. ;., .*'. ' Yon don't say so"? How; is that ?' Why, because there are none about here, and I've;never been out of the place.' 'Doil't ypu go to town iii the winter?' he..a$Ûfçd,"glancing round the room, which, with its good pictures and tasteful, though old-fashioned, furniture suggested ¡a com fortable income. .. She s look her head,' I never go, even to the village,' she said, 'Papa goes to Tor onto four times a year ; he brings me all I want,, and we never see any one, he calls himself a hermit.' ' But you have been to school ?' ' Never ; papa has taught hie all I know, [ have never been in a school, or theatre, or a church,' ' Is your father, then, an atheist?' . ' Oh 1 no ; I asked him once to take me to church, there is one five miles from here. But he said, " go to the woods. The little birds Bend np as much praise and thanks giving . to their Maker as any congrega tion." I didn't mind that, so much,' she said simply, ' but oh 1 I do want to see a play, I have read of them, and they must be so lovely you have been to the theatre, 30 you can tell me. I hope your ankle won't get well very soon. 'Ohl I don't want it to hurt you} but you see it's so nice having a fresh person to talk to. You won't mind very much, will you ?' v . .Not if you keep me company, and will let me sketch you.' 4 Sketch me ? Oh 1 now I am afraid you are laughing at me. I know this dress" -with a down ward look-" must be funny to you. You see, thé fashion papers are so old when I get them, and try as I will'I can never get the right effect, so I just make my things plain like this.' 4 A dozen of the best dressmakers could have no better effect,' said tho young man, and he meant what he said, as his eye fol lowed with pleasure the graceful lines of her figure, its natural charms set off by tho simplicity of the white gown ; and he wondered. how half the city, damsels would look without the paddings or puffings and various artifices of fashion able skill. 4 If you really think me worth drawing, of course you may. I'd like to have a picture for father. And I'll keep you com pany, too, any way till you've told me al] about the great, big world I long to see.' 4 You are lonely, then ?' 4 Oh ! nb, I have papa, my books and animals, but I do want to sea the world.' * Believe me you are happier here, not buffeted about by hard, ungrateful people, but even in this out-of-the-way place you must have admirers.' ile spoko in a bantering tone ; but in her reply, and in the beautiful, truthful face, with its great wondering eyes, he saw what a child she really was. * Oh ! yes,' she said, 4 papa admires me, he likes my singing, and says I know ns much ns a girl need ; and Jim says he thinks I am. the prettiest girl he has ever seen.' 4 So do I.' She looked at him calmly. 41 am glad of that because you know heaps of people, and Jim has only seen the famers' girls. But here comes papá. Jim must have told him you were here." Looking from the window Harry saw a tall,, strongly built man striding towards the house. Iii spite of his old-fashioned and somewhat worn clothes, he had the unmistakeable air of the gentleman about him. Harry noticed how small his hands and feet were-that he had his daughter's blue eyes, though his face wore a sad, re ? served look. He 'entered quietly. 4 So you have had an accident,' he said with a smile that lit up his face at the sight of the queer figure on the sofa. ' Elaine, dear,'with'a look at her, 'go see to tea.' ' Why, you. said-' began Harry, turn ing reproachfully. . *" I didn't say anything/ I merely asked you why you didn't think of Sarah,' re marked Elaine as she departed. 4 Come from the city ? asked the host, taking the vacant chair. ' ' The old gentleman wants to know all about me,' thought. Hairy ; so he told him his name, that he came from Montreal, had been visiting parts of Canada reported so picturesque and of value to artists. He had wandered on, making sketches and taking in nature at her best, till, being told at the neighboring village that the country between it and the next was very fine, he had started out to walk the distance when the present misfortune befel him. 4 So that,' he concluded, 41 am lying here, incapable as a log unless you can lend me a horse to take me to the nearest hotel.' 41 should not like to think of you spend ing the days of rest your sprain will require in any hotel within a hundred miles. Suppose we put you up ?' Harry being an grtist it was not so much the dread of tough beefsteak and; greasy potatoes as the ideal, of transplant ing Elaine's fresh young beauty to canvas that made him exclaim : * Thanks 1 very much, if » you will keep me for a few days, till I am all right, I shall be deeply grateful. 'My name,' responded his host, ' ia Wel don, and I and my daughter live in utter seclusion seeing no one, but if you are con tent to rusticate we shall be glad to be of any use to you.' ' You are too kind, and I fear I am an unwelcome intruder. Your daughter has told me you don't care to see people.' 'You won't mind the hermit,' he replied, with a sad smile. ' My little girl can play the hostess,' then, as if with an after thought, ' did you not say you were a married man 1' Harry could not forbear a laugh. ' No,' he said, ' I am not married, but I am not dangerous,' he was going to add, because he was already engaged to a sprightly) black-eyed cousin in Montreal; but the door opened at that moment, and a buxom country girl, with short skirts, clumping boots, sandy hair, and a beaming face plentifully besprinkled with freckles, made her appearance, bearing the things for tea. « What's the matter, Brenda ?' asked her master, for the damsel stood open- mouthed, staring at the visitor. Recalled to herself, she olapped the tray on the table, and made a bolt for the door, stuffing a large han .1 kerchief into her mouth till she got sa IV I y down the hall, when they heard echoes of a loud guffaw. ' Excuse rustic manners,' said Mr. Wel don, shrugging his shoulders. ' Guess I do look queer,' replied the other. The girl did not appear again, Imt 1 Elaine came and laid the table, producing a variety of tempting viands, and poured out tea with a simple grace which would have become a grand dame. After that repast Harry and Mr. Weldon had a modest game of cardß, while Elaine brought music out of the worn piano and sung to them, in a fresh happy voice of ' rustling trees ' and ' rippling brooks' and 'loving for ever' till Harry was helped up to the little room next to ber's, where he still heard her singing softly to herself till he fell asleep, to dream of falling into the creek again, and a white-robed angel,with Elaine's face, bearing him off-away to the moon. Elaine herself leaned from her low window-sill, drinking in the still evening air, pondering which of her heroes in fiction he most resembled, and concluding that he possessed all their brilliant qualities rolled in one, and that it was an entrancing thing to have so noble a creature under the same roof-one who could tell her all the ways of city life, describe the gifted women her books spoke of, teach her to play and sing better, and help her to read Shakespeare's beautiful plays in the right way. Sweet Elaine 1 lying awake with her happy dreams of pleasures to come, little thinking that beyond all this the stranger already possessed the key to her untried heart ; that, with his handsome face and winning manners, the way of the world of implying so much devotion and caress, in his simplest actions to .women he should in time, almost unconsciously, open the floodgates of her affection and then, but a weak man after all, be unable to stem the torrent unwasted by the flirtations of a fashionable girl, pent up for the master hand, his alone. As the first day so passed many more, gliding by imperceptibly, each one cement ing more strongly the friendship between the tired man of the world and the young girl, innocent and fair as one of the Marguerites she daily brought in from the fields, and not unlike them in her beauty, Harry thought, as he watched her sorting them over one bright, warm day when, tired of painting, he lay back on the sofu, the soft air fanning the waves of hair on his forehead and breathing sweetly of the woods, while the canary sang and the dog, with his head in Elaine's lap, went con tentedly to sleep. He closed his eyes, and a vision came of a dark-eyed girl dressed in thè latest style, surrounded by every luxury, vivacious, clever, a fit companion for any man, ' and yet-and yet .-,' he thought, 'if I had seen Elaine, first. Ah,'what a beautiful pearl to be dimmed by the glare of society. Better here, where she is so unspoiled ant' so charming.' , . He opened his eyes to find Elaine's very near them, and Elaine's soft hand over his heart, pinning a daisy in his button hole. ' Elaine,' he said, taking her hand, 'how did you come by i your pretty name? Is it after Tennyson's sad heroine, the Lily Maid?' « Oh, no. I am too healthy looking for that. I am called after my great grand mother.' * It is a pleasure to see a girl in perfect health.' . «Yes, but I don't think I am strongei for my color; the least thing pulls me down.' She did not withdraw her hand, and he smoothed it between his own. «Elaine,' he went on presently, 'I shall misB you terribly when I go away.' Eor an instant the color forsook her face, even her lips growing pale, and she grasped his hand. 'You are not going away for a long- time. Don't talk of it I don't want to think of it.' Harry felt himself unprincipled aaa contemptible, even while he drew he dost and hissed the color back to her cheeks hut all thoughts bf the woman he wa bound to vanished when Elaine lifted hi face, so radiant and happy. She sai nothing, but went away, coming bac shyly with a large book. So they went on in the old routine, h reading aloud parts of Shakespeare, whil she made the flowers into various form to adorn the room, sometimes forgettin her task to gaze at him in a terrible c pathetic part with tears standing in hi eyes or rising to go through a scene herseli For she had studied Shakespeare hersel in the long winter evenings, and ofter when her father had gone on one of hi periodical jaunts, and Jim, who was o a sarcastic turn of mind with a scorn fe frivolities, was safely away at his wor in the iields, she would pay the remainiu, domestic a visit in the kitchen and thril that simple maiden with ecstatic awe a her rendering of what Brenda styled th « op cry.' 4 You jest otter hear her, Jim,' she wouL remark afterward, 4 with her eyes astarin an' her hair jest anyhow. Why, the othe day when she cot hold on a pickle jar, an tore roun' callin' out that some one ha< 44 Drunk it all an* hadn't left a friendly drop to cheer her up," and then made fo tlie stove an* cot up the lifter an', stuck i inter her bosom an rammed it in an' sah as how it waa to " rust there,*' an' witl that fell flop on the table an' tumbled of on to the floor, pertendin' to be dead ! 'clar< to goodness my heart was in my moutl an' I dursn't breathe till she sat up an rubbed her elber, which was mighty bruised an' ast me how I liked it.' f 4 Stuff an' nonsense 1' Jim would reply t< the various accounts of Elaine's doings though he secretly longed to see it, too,auc was only deterred from requesting tc increase the audience by the fear bf th< superiority of his character being injuree thereby. But any disapprobation pu hit part, even if known to Elaine, was amplj atoned for by the enthusiastic admiration Harry evinced for her performances. For him she went through her favorite characters, ending with Juliet, without the pickle jar or convenient stove lifter. He taught her to faint without hurting herself, and made an impassioned Borneo, uncon sciously bringing out all the depth in the girl's nature. 4 It's really remarkable,' he said when, being able to walk as well as ever,.the last morning of his stay had come, ' not one girl in a hundred would do it like that.' * j Elaino's countenance fell. ' Wouldn't I they really ?' she asked, wistfully. ' Tell j me, truly, am I different from Other girls ?' I 4 "Well, rather.' ! 'Oh! don't say that, see,' she continued, ! placing a soft hand on his arm, ' I have never had any one to tell me how to talk j or what to say or do.' ! Seeing she was on the verge of tears, Harry took the little hand in both of his, assuring her that she was only different in being fairer, dearer, and more clever than any of them, forgetting in his ardor even the little black-eyed cousin. .Do you really think so? then I am content. I only want you to think well of me and care for me.' 4 Of course I do. Come, we must take a farewell stroll ; you know I must leave you to-morrow.' ' 'Oh ! no, indeed! You only say that to tease me.' They sauntered beneath the trees, crossed the stream, and lost themselves in the wood beyond,, in..the same delightful manner they had done each day since Harry had been able to walk, for during the long protraction of his stay at the Hermitage he bad discovered that Mr. Weldon was indeed a hermit, shutting himself up with his books and leaving him to while away the time with his beautiful daughter. 'I am such a little coward,' said Elaine, when, the long day drawing to a close, they crossed the bridge on their way home. 'My heart always jumps so when I cross that bridge ; but it does the same when I run upstairs, or climb a hill, or get startled. It jumps so, and then I think it is going to stop for ever.' Harry looked at her quickly. ' Did you ever tell your father that ?' he asked. ' Oh, yes, long ago ; but it bothered him so I haven't mentioned it since. Oh, do look * at that beautiful sunset. . How, lovely j everything lpokB. If it could only last a for ever. Never get old or ugly, or tired, s| or sad, as it does in the drear fall time.' [j 'Ah, if. There id your father waiting I for ns} how like home it looks, and I must leave it all to-morrow, perhaps never to return.' , ; ' You said that before. Don't say it again, it sounds as if you meant it. What is to; prevent you from ^sketching here ull summer? You haven't done the brook falls yet, and you said the other day that you would like to make, another Bketch of me.' ' So I should, but I .must do with what I have. You know I don't want to go, Elaine, but the letter I got this morning puts delay out of the question.' . He did not explain/ that the lotter was from his cousin asking why he did not return, saying she was sick and miserable and that he must come back at ouco. Surely his foot was? ail right now, and what attraction could he possibly have to keep him any longer in . the backwoods. ; . Not really ?' she asked, her eyes wide' open and her face, suddenly pale, close to his. ' Bu« y oit will come back?' ' Yes, really. Perhaps I can como back next year.' , ;, 'Next year !.but how can we go through; the long winter without you; just papa and; me? Oh I why did .you come ? Nothing can be the same again..without you.' She broke from him and hastened into; the house, telling her father that 'her, head was bad, and he, was to go on with; tea without her.' « I can't make it out,' said Mr. Weldon uneasily, as they drank their tea. ' Elaine isn't given to headaches, never had one; in her life. It must have been the sun.' Harry acquiesced, thinking that, after all, Elaine had a good deal akin to fashionable; city ladies in her, but as he knew himself to be the cause of : her despondency it flattered his vanity. So he insisted on Brenda's taking tea upstairs, spoke of his, sorrow in parting with, such kind friends,; and made himself generally agreeable. They both opened ¡their eyes when, as they were half through . the meal, Elaine Bwept dignifiedly into ¿the room, declaring; herself better. Her cheeks were still pale j. but her eyes were bright with excitement. Instead of the plain dress she usually wore, she was attired in white silk covered with sprays of forget-me-not, cut square in the neck, with half sleeves, and made in the; style of thirty years before. Around her neck was clasped a handsome gold chain, and on her arms old-fashioned bracelets. The dress, a relic of her mother's girlhood,! fitted to a nicety, and altogether she looked as if she had 8tepped,.a beautiful reality, from a by- gone picture. ' Yes, I know,'she said, in answer to her father's look of surprise, ' I have never worn it before except just to show you, but; this is a farewell .entertainment and ; I; must do honor to it.' With that she sat ; down, replying to Harry's compliments . with a laugh that; was perilously near tears, and launching into the conversation, with unwonted; energy, until, after attending' to a remark of Mr. Weldon's, Harry turned round to find her gone. . . ' If you are obliged! 'to go to-morrow, l! would like a few woïjdsj with you to-night,' said Mr. Weldon. ; f . , « With pleasure,' returned Harry j ' I shall; always look back to this happy little time' with grateful feelings for your kindness.. As far as my sprain, is concerned I might; have left you a week; ago; but it;is hard to tear myself away even , how.' Here Jim appeared; with a question regarding stock, and Mr. Weldon departed; with him, saying they could have their talk when he returned after Elaine had gone to bed. . VI ' Poor Elaine,' thought Harry, left to himself, ' I wonder-where she is.' He lit a cigar, smoked it, and read a week-old paper. Thehyas the moon slowly rose he wandered/out /and down a' little path, listening to the croaking of the frogs from a far away marsh, which, with the soft murmur of the faint summer breeze among the tall fir trees, gave a weird, lonely feeling, to the moving shadows of tho moonlight. «What a place for ghosts,' then, with a sudden start, « What in creation is that?' It was a low sob of human agony, he sprang toward the clump of bushes from whence it proceeded,: and there, on the earth, lay Elaine sobbing her heart out. « Elaine, Elaine, child, look up,T cannot bear to hear you cry so.' . « Oh 1 I cannot bear it,' she sobbed, « to part with you, never, never, to see you again. I cannot say good-bye, it will kill me.' Most men ard weak confronted by a woman's tears, and Harry, perhaps owinj to his artistic temperament,- was Behsitiv to emotion of any hind.. He really care« for Elaine, and the sight of her vehemen grief quite'alarmed; him. He raised her to her feet, drawing her t< him. ' Don't cry, darling,' he said quickly 'I love you, Elaine, love you far too wei to part for ever»'and he kissed the tear stained face, unmindful. of all else, in th. world but the great wet eyes and soft anni close clasped around his neck. ... She laid her head on his shoulder, an< presently the tears gave place to a fain smile as she made him repeat his words. . * See,' he went on, ' you have staine< your pretty dress with the damp grass.' ' I didn't care for that,' she answered 'you were going to leave me, nothing mattered any more.' . '?....' Poor little sweetheart.' She raised her eyes with a smile. ' Remember I am not like other girls ; '. don't know-what they would say, I onlj know that. I love you with all my hean and soul ; that you are my life, my verj self.',; . '.' \\-., ?? V . Even while, she. spoke a flood of recol lections flowed upon him, pressing dowr upon his heart with a dull heavy pain What had he done P Forgotten; his owr plighted vows, allowed a young, innocom girl, with no knowledge of the world, t( trust to his honor, knowing all the tim< how vain-were the hopes he saw growing beneath ,-his touch. Then it was only f summer romance. Once away and she would soon forget him, falling back inti the quiet routine of her previous life. Shi knew ho better, and he had,done no harm, Comforting himself with these reflections he took her hand and led her tc the house ' You must be tired, little one j and yovu father wants to talk to me.'. . ' I am tired,' she replied, ' but so happy for, even if . you must go, you . will soor come back ; good-nightsweetheart.' She softly raised her face, kissed hiir. and glided away, pausing at the bend oi the-stairs to wave her hand, her face beaming happily beneath the golden hale of her hair. Neither noticed that she had dropped the rose from her bosom, one he had plucked for her in the morning. It lay neglected in the doorway. ' Well, sir,' said Harry, seating himself opposite the old gentleman in the dimly lighted sitting-room. Mr. Weldon laid down the paper he. had been dreaming ovei took off his spactades and turned up the lamp near him. « Where is Elaine ?Vhe asked.. ' Sh^e was tired, and went straight up stairs.' . You will think it a strange [question tc begin with,' went on his host, ' but do you like my little girl ?' ' Why, certainly,' replied Harry, a little bit taken aback. ' Then I will proceed' He drew his chair closer. .' Mr. Hilton, I have a ques tion to ask you, but first, if you will listen I will give you a^brief chapter from my own life, which will explain my motive : ' As you see me now I have-always been -a solitary man, Hving alone. An orphan ;from early youth, brought up by .strangers. I formed no ties, loved no ono, till I mel my beautiful Flora. She was companion to a cross old-lady, and eagerly accepted the offer of so rich a man as myself, though, as I bitterly; .found afterward, she had never loved me. But we were very happy -very happy j .1 loved her devotedly, and my money gave her the pleasures she sighed for. I seldom joined her, and I sometimes think now that, if I had ex perted myself to go with her, had guarded my poor, frail darling, all might haye been weU. As it was, she soon wearied of her staid old husband (for I was much her se nior) and after two years deserted me for a dashing captain, leaving her little child, my only comfort.' He paused, resting his head heavily on his hand, then continued in a weary voice : ' She returned to me, my poor Flora, returned foot-sore and weary, heart-broken and repentant, to die. I took her in and sheltered her, assured of my forgiveness and smoothed her dying pillow. When she was gone, my old hermit habits returned in greater force ; besides, I had another object in living secluded from the world. I determined that my child should never be exposed to her mother's tempta tions. She should be educated by nature and good old books, taught to love the simple pleasures of the country, and even^ tually, I hoped, married to some good man who would guide and guard her, and not take from me the comfort of my old age, and thia,' he concluded,' bringa nié to what I want to say. to you.' , 1 ' Hark I' Harry broke in/' don't you hear a footstep in .the hall ?'. 'It is nothing,'replied the other, ab .structedlyj ' some , one out of doors, per haps. . . Was it nothing! Ohl Elaine,why did you remember your poor half dead rose ? Why did you steal down stairs to look for it, and hearing your name stop, and, drawn by irresistible impulse, press close to the door, hearing for the first time the story of your fair young mother ?', ' My question is,'continued Mr. Weldon, ' whether you would like to marry my daughter? She is beautiful and good and [ believe likes you. I am well off, and even in this remote place fear that that with her beauty, may cause her to be influenced by some unworthy object. I have taken a fancy to you; as suited to make her happy.' : t ; ' Really, sir,' stammered the young man, !|I -I don't know how to thank you for your confidence, or for your kind in ten dons If it had been a year ago all would have been different, but now-now-I am engaged to a, cousin in Montreal.' «Engaged?' , ' Yes, it was settled long ago. We have grown up together. I am truly sorry you should have made any plans. I must leave you to-mórrow ; let us part good friends. Who knows if we may ever meet again.' ' Who, indeed,' replied the old man. ' Well, I'm very sorry' it is fixed so, but I hope Elaine will soon forget yo.u' ' Oh, yes,' and Harry, much relieved, laughed lightly, ' I am ouly a novelty, you know, you;ask some good follow out hore 5 there are heaps better than myself and she'll soon forget me.' Harry really'hoped, and in some mea sure believed what he said, but then he could not see -the shrinking figure tit .the 'other' side of the door, could not see her blindly staggering as she slowly mounted the stairs ; could not see her standing in the little room sacred to her use with the small white bed she had slept in all her life, the mirror that had-reflected her laughing face so often, sending back now a pale drawn face of pathetic sorrow andr the still gleam of moonlight shining on so fair a form, so sad a heart. ¡ ? . ' Oh, my Father,' she cried, stretching her arms towards the silent Heavens, ' help me, help me, it is more than I can bear t' \ ; She had no words to pour forth her grief. She only leaned forward, crying faintly, ' My. heart, oh, my .heart I' then swayed backward and fell to the floor. ' What is that ?', asked Harry with a start, ' something has fallen overhead,' Mr. Weldon turned pale, for it was Elaine's room,. and he knew her to be there.' Followed by Harry he darted upstairs and,; without delaying to knock, threw open the door. There, on the floor, her rich dress, golden hair and marble face distinct in the moon light, lay Elaine; lifeless. In one hand was a withered rose whose petals strewed the ground-like herself, gathered, worn and cast aside in one short day. The poor father was on his kne.e&kissing; the cold face j, listening vainly for the heart's beatings. He gathered'her'in his arms, calling to her, moaning feebly, with haggard face, .' It is her heart j it is heart disease.' There was nothing for Harry to do, nothing save look on and remember this scené to his life's end. It is only ; in books that people make long and eloquent laments, when the heart is most sorely tried few words are uttered. But through the. mist of his own regret Harry felt how deep and lasting was the grief of the crouching form before him so vainly sobbing* ' Oh, Elaine 1 my child I my child 1' . '', . * ' * . . Years before' Elaine had one day lost herself, and when found asleep in a quiet corner of the wood, wakened, and carried home had said she would like to sleep there forever. < Theie, where the singing of the birds and blossoming of the flowers made one pause to think of the glorious beauty of that other country where there is no more pain and all tears are wiped away, they laid poor broken-hearted Elaine to rest beneath the tree that had sheltered her in childhood. I 