federation. MONTHLY MEETING. The usual monthly meeting of the Irish National Federation was held at the Democratic Club, Flinders Street, on Monday evening last. The Presi dent, Mr. P. McMahon (Hyon, sent an apology for non-attendance, as he had an appointment at Salisbury that evening. The Vice-President, Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin, occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance. Two pounds was received for the Evicted Tenants' Fund, being £1 each from Mr. Byrne and Mrs. Manning, Warooka. Tbe Treasurer's statement showed a balance of £22 12s. in hand. The Secretary, Mr. P. Whelan, reported . that the committee appointed to arrange for testimonial to Mr. Michael Kenny, of Colton, had decided to present him with a gold medal, suitably inscribed. Tbe order had been placed in the hands of Mr. Schiank, jeweller, and was nearly ready. The Secretary also stated that in accordance with the resolution passed at last meeting of the Federation be had sent the following letter to the Central Brunch, Dublin. The Secbbtaey, Ibish National Federation, Dublin. Dear Sir—1 have pleasure in informing you that the Irishmen and sympathisers with the Irish cause in Adelaide have dissolved the Irish National League and formed a branch of Irish National Fede ration in its stead. We are practically unanimous in Ade laide and throughout South Australia in supporting the majority of the parlia mentary party in the stand they have taken re the leadership of the party. We are not unmindful of the great services rendered to Ireland by Mr. Parnell in the past, and exceedingly regret that he did not voluntarily retire from his position. But it was not to any individual but to the sacred cause of Irish Nationality that our sympathy and sup port was pledged, and when it comes to choosing between Ireland and Parnell —and that is the issue—we unhesitatingly choose Ireland. We shall be glad to receive copies of your rules, etc., as we desire to beaffiliated with the parent society. We would also suggest the desirability of your circulating your organ, The National Press, among the Irishmen in Australia, as so far very ! few copies have arrived here, while the Freeman and United Ireland still largely circulate. Recently we forwarded £6u0. to tbe Evioted Tenants1 Fund. TIub amount was to._a great extent raised through the instrumentality of Mr. J. It. Oox, M.P., J', member of your party, who held very ucceBsful meetings throughout the colony. We forwarded" the am .unt to the joint secretaries of the Tenants1 Defence Asso ciation, but it was . subscribed almost entirely by sympathisers with the Itish National Federation, and at its meetings. : We congratulate von on the decisive victory fbrkhepatriote ot ^pqrliwjpnfiws of which has just come to hand. The Irish people have emphatically endorsed the action of the majority of the party. W e wish you continued success. God save Ireland. P. "WHELAN, Eon. Sec. Irish National Federation, Adelaide. Mr. M- J. Stapleton moved the motion of which he had given notice-at last meeting, viz., " That a social should be held in connection with the Federation at an early date." He said it was a long time since the society had held a social gathering, and it might be the means of reviving interest in the Federation and inducing more members to join it. Messrs. P. J. O'Driscoll, P. Healy, F. F. Wholohan, and P. Whelan supported the motion. Mr. Whelan thought it would be better to have a banquet, as the expense would not be much extra. , Mr. F. B. Keogh considered Mr. Slapleton's proposal was too indefinite. Mr. J. C. Healy thought a banquet wOuld be too expensive. Mr. Holohao said there had been considerable difficulty in getting up the socials in connection with the society in Norwood. Ulti mately, ori the «otion of Mr. M. Mannion, a sub-committee, consisting of F. B Keogh, J. C. Healy, M. J. Stappletou, and M. Mannion, was appointed to inquire into the matter and report to the next monthly meeting. Mr. F. F. Wholohan then delivered an address on " THE NATION AND ITS FOUNDERS." He saidThe Btory of the..Nation is essentially a story of youth, with its lofty ideals and its characteristic impatience of, wrongs. The founders were Charles Gavan Duffy, Thomas Osborne Davis, and John Blake Dillon—three kindred, spirits imbued with the most intense patriotism. .< Like their still more universally celebrated compeers of the famous Edinburgh Review, they were all in the full flush of early manhood, and like them, too, they possessed more brains than pence. One summer evening, " seated under a noble elm" opposite Kiimainham—a place with which Irish patriots have long been moBt intimately acquainted—they discussed their plans. At that time, Duffy, though the youngest, was undoubtedly the prac tical man of the party,. and, in a most restricted sense, its capitalist to boot. So far, the others had scarcely published a single line, and neither had been guilty of anything more serious than inditing pretty sonnets to prettier eyebrows. But the young editor had already won his spurs while conducting the Vindicator, and, with genius at the helm and youth at the prow, naturally longed to break a lance in a more distinguished arena. The title first suggested was the National, and it was Davis who proposed the " happy and significant name " which grew to be a household word among the sea-divided Gael. It is not often given to man to win immortality by a solitary phraBe. Tet such ifl the lucky fate of Chief Baron Woulfe. The motto chosen was his only memorable saying—"To create and foster public opinion in Ireland and make it racy of the soil." The first number appeared on the 15th October, 184=2, and was immeasurably superior to the contemporary journalism though not at all equal to the high standard subsequently attained by the Nation itself. To tell the story properly would be praotically to narrate the history of that remarkable movement known as " Young Ireland," and to describe half a century crowded with many of the most dramatic and momentous events in Irish history. It ushered in a new- and bril liant era in Irish journalism—an era which has not only stamped its hallmark deeply not only on the thoughts, habits, and aspirations of the Irish people, . but has perceptibly influenced public opinion in Great Britain and the Greater Britain beyond the seas—the land That eober-suitod Freedom cliose, The land, where, girt with friend or foes, A man may speak the thing he will. The people of Australia, the youngest of the nations, by means of their Australian Natives' Associations are striving to cultivate a patriotic Bpirit They are applauded for it; the more manly their sentiments the more fervid the cheers. How can what is virtuous in an Australian be criminal in an Irishman? . Utterances proclaimed on the house- tops in here, would have to be whispered with b <ted breath in Ireland, even quite recently. The ways of the heathen Chinee are luminous compared to the devious paths of political jugglery: But J to really understand the enthusiasm created bythe Nation it is necessary to look . back ward. I he worst of the past is that it pan never detoently bury its dead. Its ' ghosts' and skeletons confront nations and individuals mbst inopportunely. ' What does Edmund Burke : say ? His terrible indictment'wottld knock the self oomplaoency out of the most pichyder- ^ matousToiyalive. "By -these statutes^ religion had been held* crime—education a high misdemeanour—the eon en couraged to be tray his father—the house of^God declared a public nuisanoe—the priest proclaimed an outlaw:—the acquire ment of property absolutely prohibited— {dander legalised—breach of trust re warded—the Irish Catholic excluded irom any office or occupation in file State, the law, the army the navy, the munici palities and. corporations — and the Christian faith perverted to the worst pur poses of religious persecution." In 1842 Ireland was still suffering from the infamous laws so graphically summa rised. There were 4| millions unable to read or write, and I£ millions able to read only. The dark doom of the past still: impressed itself upon everything. The genius of O'Connell and Shiel, backed by the unity of priests and people and the noblest type of Protestants*, had certainly work emancipation; But Could thirteen years be expected to undo the debasing effects of centuries ? Hear the opinion of a' Protestant, the gifted DaviB, the high-priest of Young Ireland— Disarmed,'disfranchised imbecile, What wonder if our step betrays The freedmau born in penal days. . literature was at a low ebb. The only Irish magazine worthy the name was more truculent than the Times itself. To those who only know the Ireland of to-day the baldest description of the pre-emancipa^ tion! days would seem the grossest exaggeration. The instinct of nation ality could not be uprooted from the people's hearts. Every now and then it welled up as from a fountain fed by a thousand, secret rills. " Peace reigns at Warsaw." There was a sinister signifi cation in that curt message. The " peace" that held sway in Ireland was often almost such a hollow mockery. The new men and the new journal, with the zeal of lovers, preached the new crusade. Sometimes their ideas were cfcucte; sometimes their eloquence verged perilously near "hi-falutin"; but the tendency, on the' whole, was ennobling and elevating. Week after week the virtues of truth, self-respect, self- reliance were dwelt upon in the glowing language which can emanate from the heart of youth alone, "Unity" was a favorite w&tohword.; In poems, articles, and essays the Irishmen whose ancestors could be traced back for a hundred generations and the stranger within her gates were all bade unite thus Let us gather love and help, Won from native friends and fonmen j | How little loath the heartB of both | Wo read in many a glorious omen. Political fossils and antiquated patriots scoffed at these novel doctrines, and scouted the idea that Ireland could ever be anything but a Lazarus. Dr. Smiles, the author of "Self-Help," speaking of the Nation's teaching, said :—" After weary and. dumb ages, Ireland has found a voice which speaks to some purpose. Five cebturies plead Bternly and elo quently to God and man for redress." The great O'Connell welcomed the men the Nation as allies. Be was then fighting for Repeal with all the energy of a youthful warrior. But there were gaps in the ranks. Shiel, whose eloquence, instinctive with the geniuB of the highest dramatic art, and whoBe shrill falsetto was heard everywhere on Emancipation platforms—Shiel, for one, waB no longer by his side. But an end was put to the Repeal agitation by the imprisonment of O'Connell and the other traversers1 in 1844\. Three of them were ProtestantB. Did that show that Catholic and; Protes tant could not work together for their common country 1 No grosser libel was ever uttered. Vain was O'Connell's masterly defence—vain the skill of the greatest pleaders 1 The packed jury did what they were packed to do. It was this scandulous prostitution of the channels of justice which led to Lord D.emnan remarking that, under such cir cumstances, trial by jury " was a mockery, a delusion, and a snare." It was the inscription on O'Connell's prison that suggested to Florence McCarthy, one of the moBt graceful of national poets, his "Cease to do evil, learn to do well," replete with scathing sarcasm that must have made the galled jade wince. The great Tribune's death added to the gloom settling over the land in 1847. John O'Connell, who thought he had a natural right to the position^ was no more fitted to fill his father's place than Richard Cromwell was that of the cruellest foe who ever devastated Ireland. The man most responsible for the abortive insurrection of 1848 was John Mitchell, who excelled even Junius in concentrated venom. If there was ever a pure, unselfjsh, honorable patriot, it was Smith OTJiien—the political Bayard of those days, sans peur, satis reproche. ThomaBj Francis Meagher,—gay, dashing, chivalrous young Meagher of the,. sword—-the nineteenth century reincarnation of the idol of the Cavaliers, "Rupert of the, Rhine," did his duty gallantly, too, , nnder the Stars and Stripes* A dark night, a cry of agony, and a great muddy stream hurrying a brave .soldier to his death. Thepe Vera the ceuijrel figqcre iiu -the strange panorama witnessed bylrieheyea 1848- lheyrisloBd their .liyes en the hazard of a die. net us revere their patriotism while we honestly condemn tlieir "noble folly." The reign' of ihsorrtetion is over. Their day has pasted away. The old Ireland, too, is dtead—the old Ireland sometimes cowed into the apathy of despair, and sometimes goaded into reckless rebellion. The men of the new Ireland have learnt that they wield a weapon more powerful than the sword. The united voice of the nation speaking through the ballot-box will inevitably aocomplish its purpose. No Irishmen need blush for the Young Irelanders. Look at Duffy and McGee. In Ireland they were " rebels to the back bone and spinal marrow." Abroad they both helped largely to mould the future of young nations. They helped To scatter plenty o'er a smilingland, And read their history in a nation's eyes. It would be interesting to trace the career of the Nation through all its strange vicissitudes since, and pay a tribute to the memory of Alexander M. Sullivan and his brother T. D. Sullivan, whose " God Save Ireland " bids fair to become the national anthem of the race. But time forbids, and it Would be high treason not' to quote some of the lyrics and ballads in the spirit of the Nation. The saying of Fletcher of Saltoun " Let me make the ballads and who will the laws "must have made a lasting impression jon some Young Irelander. Chas. Gavan j Duffy originated the idea, and some of ithe most stirring are from his versatile Ipen. Some of these ballads, the gipBy children of Irish song, are destined to immortality. In the republic of letters patriotism must be married to immortal verse before it can find a niche in the great Pantheon of "the dead but sceptred Sovereigns who still rule our spirits from their urns." These poemB drew no blood from bitten nails. They gushed straight from: patriotic hearts. The men and women who wrote them, and we must not forget the wpifien of the nation—gifted Speranza and Mary and Eva—wrote them with, a noble purpose. Competent critics like Macaulay, Jeffrey, Miss Mitford, and Longfellow, have been lavish of praise. Thomas Davis seems to have attracted particular notice, perhaps because he' Was the Lycidas of Young Ireland "who perished ere his prime." His writings are but precious fragments of a noble mind— a' mere garland of blossoms ! But what indications of hidden power ! There are thoBe who soratch the very dead for spite. Some such literary jackal has assailed the memory of Thomas Davis, whose very life seems to have been a poem. Here is his epitaph, written by Sir Samuel Fergusson, one of his comrades in the long ago. Oh, brave young men, my pride, my promise, ' Tis on you my hopes are set, In manliness, in kindliness, in justice, To make Erin a nation yet : Self-respecting, self-relying, self-advancing, In union or in severance free and Btrong, And if God grant this, then, under God to Thomas Davis, Let the greater praise belong. But Clarence Mangan is the prince of all the minBirelB of Young Ireland. His morbid shyness, his love for the weird and uncanny, summon to the mind that child of mystery, Edgar alien Poe. In melo dious music of numbers he equals, in patriotism he excels, the finical emotion of Moore— The sweetest lyrist of our saddest wrongs. Let the wishes and memory of the noble dead be our guiding light till that day when, in the fulness of God's allotted time, the national aspirations are realised, and Ireland becomes a nation once again, an independent yet integral part cf this great empire under whose aegis it may be, but free from all vexatious interference, the old land may once more become The first flower of the earth, The first gem of the sea, and rival tb ose ages of traditional splen dour now fast fading into the mists and shadows of antiquity. 