tales and sketches. Tltnt /Iwfal ClirlHfmnN Dny. It ih just three years rhico T pnsfioil through mi ordeal which wns tho menus of changing n considerable portion of my domestic hfo. "NVhonovcr Christ mas comes round I always hnvo tho fnufc thrust upon :no with ft vividnoss which is simply uuoomfortfthlo. But lot 1110 unburden mvself. AN oil, it wns Christmas hive, tho lust Christmas Kvo Hint I should hon Imeholor. for on Now Year's Hay I was going to ho married to tho most charming little creature 111 iho world. Charming, Indeed ! Oh, liow little did I know to what dopths theso fomnles could doscond. True, thoro w«s a follow mimed •Ton kins who was flwoot on my Clarindn, hut 1 hnd, nsl thought, lrnido tho pneo too hot for him, nnd had cut hiiu out m n most cllcetivo manner. I could afford to simp my digits at hiiu. I did snap those members of mv nttutomy at him,' nnd generally lot Jenkins see that ho had not 11 ghost of n chnnce. Alas for my pride ! As I snid before, it was Christmas Kvo. I hnd parted from Clnrmdu in (he usual manner, henrd her repeat hor lovo for nto, nnd had trotted outmyuRunlprotostatioiiHahout boiiig truo to hor, nnd all thnt sort of thing, hor Christmas Dnj' 1 hnd ac cepted an invitation from an old chum to dino with him nnd n few frionds. aud roeoivo their blessings hoforo ontoring tho mnmod state. Christ mas morning came, and saw mo walk ing towards my friend shouso, thinking of my darling Clnrindn, and congratu lating myself on having secured such u ehnraetor for n wife. I wns accompanied by my dog, and from tho way ho capered about 011 tins bright, fine morning ho might hnvo boon going to ho "hitched up m wed lock htmsolf. TIo wns an intelligent dog : hut,asovonts turned out, it would havo been bettor if he hnd boon gifted with a triflo loss intelligence. "Whilst passing through n held. I camo across a pnrty of gentlemen who wore ovi- doutly engaged 111 a pursuit nucessitu- iinginuchnttention. "Sir, would you oblige by calling your dog in?" snid one of thom as 1 was passing. I found they woro n pnrty of scien tists, sponding (Jliristmns iii the neigh bourhood nt tho residouco ot 0110 of their number, nnd woro making a fow oxpeninonttt with various <junhtics of dynnmito, tlio huhIuh operandi being to oncbiHo a charge of dynamito 111 a caso porfeelly wnterproef together with a 'time fuso, mid tlien throw tho wholo lot into tho river near which I wns walking. "When tho fuso hnd run out nnd established full commiuiicatiou witli tlio dynnmito, a nico littlo ex plosion would ho tlio next thing 011 tho programme, nnd from tho voltimo of water thrown up, tho party wore nhlo to judge tho action, results, and capabilities of tho explosive. 1 asked to ho allowed to witness tho experiments. Seme of tho party de murred. I produced my curd. -They rend it. "When tliov hnd fully under stood that I was on tho staff of a news paper, thoir objections melted liko tho proverbial snow 111 tho summer's sun. They shook hnnds with me, wished mo tho coinplummtsof thesensou. produced eignr-enses by tho hnlf-dozcn, nnd observed tlmt my dog was a very line nnimnl. Of eotirso I must stop nnd witness the experiments, and any in formation they couhl givo would ho supplied with pleasure. I accepted tho pressing invitations. Shortly aftorwnrds a stout gentle man threw a immature caso of dvnu- mito into thn river, and we nil wnlked oft to nwnit developments. h»o sooner wns tho "ohnrgo" thrown into the water then mv dog suddenly became inspired with n feverish desire to dis tinguish himself. In vnin I clutched him bv tlio collar, tho ears nnd tho tail, until I renllv thought thnt np- pondnge would be left in my hnnds. Certainly thero wns an ominous crack. I addressed hun 111 tho most- endearing language — language thnt would havo melted tho henvt of a sphinx. It wns no uso; my command ovor tho nnimnl was gnno. Ho mado ono despornto effort, hroko auai with a joyous hark, and hounding into tho tiutoi- like a .young lucrum:.! .'mil in the direction of tho dynnmito— and his doom. I coaxed him, threatened and threw stones nt huu : but it wns all of 110 use. At last ho obtained a hiiu possession of tho "chargo" be tween his tooth, and swam for tho ' company. "With aloud Toll, tho wholo of tlio solomn- looking gentlemen lied — Hod ' justt as tho church bell rang out a Christians chime. Tho constitutions of soioinl of the gontlemon woro decidedly opposed to sprinting, and many ot them enmo down ignomin- iously 011 their knees, nnd struggled v- to their feet again, pulling and spluttering, and attempting to speak in expletives. For n timo my dignity forbndo mo to run for it, but tlio dug coming towards mo with tho cnuistci of death, I cast dignity to tho winds and (led for dear life. My con duct to tho dog just nt tlmt timo must hnvo boon iucouiprohonsible, nnd at lust ho seemed somowhnt mystified. But ho soon rocovored liimsolf, and, with tho chnrgo m Jus mouth. I10 orcc- tedhis tail nnd joined heartily- in tho race. Ho soon overtook 1110, nnd ambled about like a spring lamb, and gavo mo to understand that that was about tlio bust day's fun ho had had l'or a eon- sulorablo timo. But I onlv abused him, nnd thou thinking tlmt I should shortly ho tho subject of a coronor's inquest, I gathered myself 'together, and dnslied over a wall, only to son, on looking through an opening, my dog sweeping up (lie held like a squadron of cavalry. Tho noblo "pup" was ovidontly undor tho dolusion that I was having a littlo fun. and wns only huhug from him. It wns usoloss for mo to shout out, "Gotnway, youbruto," "Go homo," or shnko my fist nt him. I used had words, and throw ovory avnilnblo missilo at him that I could lav hands ou : hut tins onlv height ened his glco, nnd his ovident intention was to lay tlio pmo which ho eurriod in his mouth nt my foot. Now1, nil this time the fuso was slowly ruumug its eourso nnd tho ond gradually drawing- near. Tlien I thought of Clnriuda, fair Glarmda. I kissed my lily whito hnnd to her, honved n double- jointed sigh of despair, and propnrcd lo meet my fa to. The suspouso, howovor, was too much for my nerves, aud 1 again attempted to escnpc, running this timo 111 tho direction of the scientists, who hnd gathered togother on seeing thoy woro out of danger. T lio dog kopt close at my hoels, nnd tlio scientists not hoiug over auxious- for our company, (led helter-skelter in all directions in a manner more expe ditious and hurried than scientific or graceful. Iluts, sticks, and gloves woro thrown away. It was a raco for lifo. Onco moro I took loavo of thoso- whomlloved and propnrcd to moot my fate. Just then 1 heard someone shout "lor Ilcavon's snko. look out; 111 - another two minutes tho charge-will, explode : jump into tho river, it's your only chnuco. "NVith n hop. jump nnd skip. I hounded to tho river's bnnk, and buying-, whisked my hand onco inorotoClarindir, ' ! jumped into tho stream. Tho stream, hero mo nway with A rush. I gave 0110 look behind. My dog wns not to he loft behind, not lie.- I . saw him for a momout ns ho merrily wagged his tail, niul finally lenped into iliQ stream. Tlion enmo tho Inst act \ of tho drama. With ft booming, deafening, rumbling ronr tho clmrgo oxplodod. X felt the water roll over my dovoicd hciul, and directly I was shot up in tho nir by ft vnst volumo of sooth ing water. I boenmo blind nud dizzy, nudbefoTO I could pull myself togothcr I ennlc under. Gradually my senses left mo. and I remembered nothing more. When 1 recovered consciousness I found myself in a strango room with ft sweet young faco bonding over mo, and adminis tering tho usual doso of hcof ten. I asked her- where I was- Tho owner of tfioswent young faco explained. After tho explosion I was carried down tho river for somo distance and oventunlly got sfmuded in a hold. »Sovernl of tho party, followed and expected to find me a (load mail, hut wore considerably relieved when tlioy enmo ncross mo in tho field senseless, nud with an aged cow gazing wistfully on 1113 youthful features. I was picked up and carried to tho nearest farmhouse, und loft- to the ca.ro of a fair damsel, who attonded and nursed me. As for my dog, I10 was novor seen again after being blown skywards. Whilo tho fair crcaturo was tolling tho story, my thoughts flow hack to Clnrindn. "Whoro was sho ? Great Scott ! Wo woroto liavo boon married 011 Now Year's Day. I grasped her of tho soft, cool hand by tlin apron, find bogged hor to sell mo tho oxnet . date. It was, slio softly warbled, tho 1st of .Timunrv, nnd sho w shed mo n happy Now Year. NowYcav's Day ! That wan onough for mo. Hastily assimilating myself with hor kind wishes I told her that I must away, an duty cnlled mo else where. Sho couldn't think of it ! For all hor trouble nnd attention to mo I offorid h«w money. She refused my offor, firily vet gmtly. What. . sho hnd done was only what sho ought to have done, nnd sho did not require paying for it. Now Mint was vorv dccont of tho girl, and ti mo very satisfactory as on ' sf nd thoughts X romoinhnrr d haviug loft 111 y purso at myap.-irtnents. I n«lccd hor to oxcuso mo.urnmising to call again nnd lot hor know if T bad warded off tho measles. T tovo into tho rond, nnd in spito of my fooldo condition, rnu lilco a mndninu in tlio direction of tho town. "Whon T reached- tho mum thoroughfnro I stopped to look at tho tinio. It was nftor olovon, tlio timo fixed wlion Clnnnda and I were to bo mado ono. I leaped into a pnssiug liansom, told tho drivor not to sparo tho liorso, hut to drive as fast as possiblo to St. Giles's Church. Wo fairly flow. \- Tho minutes seemed liko hours. St. Giles's Church at Inst! Tlioro was tlio usual crowd standing about tlio church gates. Thank Heaven ! I was not too Into ! I jumped out of tho cab nnd sped into tho church. In my linsto nnd anxiety I hnd overlooked paying tho cabman. Ho followed mo into tho porch, grabbed 1110 by tlio coat-tails, and demanded his faro. I struggled. Tlioro was a Round of somothing giving way. nnd I dashed down tlio aisle, minus part of my now frook-cont. Tlio verger seized 1110 by tho collar; I ordorcd htm to unhand mo. Ho ordorod mo out and said I was drunk. Tlion I caught sight of my nngolic Olarinda, arrayed in hor spotless bridal costume. I looked again. Why, thcro was my hated rival .Ton kins. I struck the ngod verger m tho stomach and rushed to the alter 111 time to hoar hor ropcat " I will." On socmg mo Clnrinda shrieked nnd fainted. I clinllcnged .Tonkins to moot mo in a deadly combat, but ho do- dined. I now rushed out of tho church to offer my hnud to tho fair damsol, mynurso, only to find that alio was mnrriod nnd tho mothorof two children. It is tho memory of thoso facts winch mnkosmo moropositivo thun over that it is not mnrringo that is afailuro, hut -tho getting married that is tho great stumbling block. 