Tho Storyteller. That Awl ul Chrittmag Day. It Ib Just tlir-e yarB elnoo I pttpscd through nu ord«-nl which was the means of Ghatigiug a considerable porllon of my dnwetitlc life, Whenever Otirlaliuns cnmee round I always hi we tlie fact thrust upon inc witli a vIvIiIdphh which la simply uncomfortable. But l«t inn unburden myntlf. Well, It wos Christ mas Eve, the last Christmas Eve lh»t I Hhould he a bachelor, for on the New Year's Day I vm going to be married to the mostchariulnE little creature In the world. Charming, indeed ! Oh, how little did I hunw to what depths these femaleB could descend. True, tbere whs a fellow named Jloblos wbo was eweet on my Clarinda, but I bad, ae I thought, made the paoe too hot for bim, and had cut htm out in a most effective manner. I could sflord to snap my digits at him. I did soap these members of my anatomy at bim, and generally let Jinking see that be bad uot a ghost of a chance. Alas for my pride ! As I said before, it was Christmas Eve. I bad parted from Clarinda iu the usual manner, heard her repeat her love for me, and bad trotted out my usual pvnter latlonB about being true to ber, and all tbat sort of thing. For CbiUtmaB Day I bad accepted an' invitation from au old cbum to dine witb bim and a few friende, ] and reoelve their bleseiogs before enter- j ing the married state. Christmas morn- j ing came, and saw me walking towards my friend's house, thinking of my dar!- i Ing Clarinda, aud congratulating myself on having secured such a charmer for a wife. I was accompanied by my dog, and from tbe way he capered about nu tbis bright, fine morning be might bave heeu going to be 'hltabed up' in wedlock blmself. He was an intelligent dog ; but, ae event* turned out, it would bave been better if be tiad been gifted with a trifle less intelligence. Whilst passing through a field, 1 came across a party of gentlemen wbo were evidently engaged in a pursuit necessitating much atten tion. ' Sir, would you oblige by calliug your dog in ?' Baid one of them as I was paseinp. I found tbey were a parly of scientists, spending Christinas in tbe neighbour hood at the re»ideuce of one of tbeir number, and were makiug a few experi ments with various qualities of dynamite, the modus operandi being to enclose a charge of dyuamite in a esse perfectly waterproof, together witb a ' time' fuse, aud then throw rie whole lot Into the river near which I whs walking. When the fusp had ruu nut aod established full -'--iutnuuicaiioii «? ? 1 1 1 the dynamite, a nice little explosion wouid be tbe next Ihiugan tbe programme, and from tbe volume of water thrown up, tbe party were able loiiidue the action, results, aud capabilities of Ibe explosive. I asked to he allowed to witness the ex periments. Some of tbe party demurred. I produced my card. They read if Wben tbey bad fully understood that I was on tbe staff of a newspaper, tbeir ob jections melted like tbe proverbial enow in tbe summer's sun. TheyBhook bands with me, wished me tbe compliments of the season, produced cigar-cases by tbe balf-dozen, and observed tbat my dog was a very fine animal. Of course [ must stop and witness tbe experiments, and any information tbey could give would be supplied wltb pleasure. I ac cepted tbe pressing invitations. Shortly afterwards a etout gentleman tbrew a miniature case of dynamite into j the river, and we ail walked off a little distance to await developments. No sooner was the 'charge' thrown into tbe water than my dog suddenly became inspired witb a feverish desire to distin guish himself. In vain I clutched bim by tbe collar, tbe ears and tbe tail, until I really thought tbat appendage would be left in my bands. Certaiuly tbere was an ominous crack. I addressed bim in the most endearing language— lenguage tbat would have melted tbe heart of a sphinx. It was uo use ; my command over tbe animal was gone. He made one desperate effort, broke away witb a joyous bark, and bounding into the water like a young mermaid, swam tu tbe direction of tbe dynamite— and bis doom. I coaxed bim. threatened and threw stones at bim; but it was all of no use. At last be obtained a urm posbeesiMU ui iuo vuarKe ue tween his teeth aud awam for the com pany. Witb a loud yell, tbe whole of tbe solemn-looking gentlemen fled — fled ju^t as tbe oburcb belle* rang out a Christmas chime. Tbe constitutions of several of tbe gentlemen were decidedly opposed to sprinting, and many of tbem came dawn ignominlously on tbeir kueps, and struggled to their feetagaiu, putting and spluttering, and attempting to speak iu expletives. For a time my dignity for bade me to ruu for it, but the dug coming towards me witb the canister of death, I cast dignity to tbe winds and lied for dear life. My conduct to tbe dog just at that time must bave been Incomprehen sible, and at first be seemed somewhat mystified. But be soon recovered him self, and, witb tbe charge Id bis mouth, be erected bis tail and joined heartily in tbe race. He soon overtook me, and ambled about like a spring lamb, and gave me to understand tbat tbat was about the best day's fun he bad bad for a considerable time. But I only abused bim, aud tben thinking tbat I should Bbortly he tbe subject of a coroner's icqueBt, I gathered myself together, and dasbed over a wall, only to see, on looking tbrougb an open ing, my dog sweeping up tbe field like a squadron of cavalry. Tbe noble 'pup' was evidently under the delusion tbat I was having a little fun, and was only biding from bim. It was useless for me to shout out, ' Get away, you brute,' ' Go bome,' or shake my fist at bim. I used bad worde, and tbrew every available missile at bim tbat I oould lay bands on ; but tbis only heightened bis glee, and bis evident intention was to lay tbe prize which be curried in hie mouth at my feet. Now, all tbis time the fuse was slowly running its course and tbe end gradually drawing near. Then I thought of Clarinda, fair Clarindla. I kiBseJ my lily white band to ber, heaved a doublc-jolmed sigh nf despair, and pre pared tn meet my fate. Tbe suspense, however, was too mucb for my nerves, aod I again attempted to esoape, running tbie time in the direction of tbe scientists, who bad gathered together on seeing they were out of danger. Tbe dog kept close at ray beelB, and t he scientists not being ovqf anxious for our company, fled helter- skelter in all directions In a maimer more expeditious and hurried than tclentltlo or graceful. Hats, sticks, ami gloves were thrown away, It was a race for life. Once more I took leave of those whom I loved aud prepared to meet my fate, JuBt tben I heard someone shout, 'For Heaven's sake, look out ; In another two minutes tbe charge will explode; jump iiito the river, it's your only chance.' Willi a bop, jump and skip, I bounded io tbe river's bunk, and bavlne whisked njy hand once more to Clarinda I jumped into tbe stream. The stream bore me away with a rusb. 1 gave one look hehlud. My dog wbs not to be left behind, not be. I saw bim lor a moment as be merrily wagged his tali, and finally leaped Into tbe stream. Then came toe last aot of tbe drama. With a booming, deafening, rumbling roar the oharge exploded. I felt Ibe water roll over my devoted bead, aod di rectly I was ebot up in the air by a vast volume of seething water. 1 bucoiue blind and dizzy, and before I oould pull myself together I sank under. Gradually my senses left mn, and I re membered uothlng more. Wben I r-- covered consciousness I found niysel' In a strange room with a sweet young face bending over me, and administering tbe usual dose of beef tea. I asked ber where I was. The owner of the sweet youog face explained. After the explonlon I was carried down the river for some dls Unco and eventually got Rtranded In a flelii. Several of the party followed and expected to find me adead mau. hut wi re considerably relieved wben they came Borjss me la the field senseless, end with an sged cow gszlng wistfully on my ynnLhful features. I was picked up and carried to the nearest farmhouse, and left to the care of a fair damsel, who attended and nursed me. As foi my dog, he was never seen again after being blown skywards. While tbe fair creature whs telling tbe story, my thoughts flew hack to Clarinda. Where was she 1 Great Scott I We were to bave been married on New Year's Day. I grasped hf r of tbe soft, cool hand by tbe apron, aud hogged her to tell me tbe exact dale. It was, she softly warbled, tbe 1st of January, and sbe wished me a happy New Year. New Year's Day ! That wub enough for me. Hastily assimilating myself with her kind wishes, I told ber tbat I must away, as duty called mo elsewhere. She couldn't think of it ! For all ber trouble and attention to me I offered her money. She refused my ofler, firmly, yet gently. What sbe had done was only what she ought to bave done, and she did not require paying for it. Now tbat was very decent of tbe girl, and to me very satir factory, as on second thoughts I remem bered having left my puree at my apart ments. I asked ber to excuse me, promising to cill again and let her kunw if I bad warded off tbe measles. I tore into tbe road, and in spile of my feeble condition, ran like a madman iu the direction of the town. Wben I reached tbe main thoroughfare I stopper] to look at the time. It was aftereleveD, tbe time lixed, wben Clarinda aud I were to be made one. I leaped into a passiug hansom, told tbe driver nut to spare tbe hoise, but to drive us fsst ss possible to St. Giles's Cuurcb. We fairly flew. Tbe miuutes seemed like hours. St. Giles's Church at last ! There whs the usual crowd standing about the church gates, Thauk Heaven ! I was not too late ! I jumped out or tbe cat) and sped into thec'jurcb. In my nnste and anxiety I had overlooked paying the cahiuan. He followed me into tbe porch grabbed me by tbe coat-tails, and de manded bis fare, I struggled. Tbere was a sound nf something giving way, and I daBbed down the aisle, minus part of my last new frock-coat. The verger seized me bv tbe collar : I ordered bim to unhand me. He ordered me out an-l said I was drunk. Tben I caught sight nf my angelic Clarinda. arrayed in her spotless bridal costume. I looked again. Why, there was my bated rival Jinkins. I struck tlie Bged verger In tbe stomach aod rushed to tbe altar in time to bear ber repeat ?' I will.' On seeing me Clarinda shrieked and fainted. I challenged Jinkins to meet me in deadly combat, but he declined. I now rushed out of tbe church to offer my band to tbe fair damsel, my nurse, only to fiud tbat she was married and the mother of twocbiidren. It Ib tbe memory of tbese facts which makes me more posi tive than ever that it is not marriage that is a failure, but tbe getting married tbat Ib the great stumbling block. 