Mt* ami Mùàt». yow FIBST PÜBLI8HÍD.] BY MUTUAL" CONSENT, BY F. MARSDEN SUTCLIFFE. Author of "Thc Bolls of St. Barrmbaa/' " Tho Romance of an Insurance Office," "Revealed by Fire," tc, &c.; [AU, BIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER XIIL lut Gent. .Our deed« nra fetten that wt torie our- selves. 2nd Gent. Ay, truly, but I think lt ls thc world that brion'the Iron. In University parlance, Claude Maclean "sported his oak after the departure of his visitors. In plain English, he shut himself up iu his Bludio and declined himself to other callera that he might nurse his wrath, which was great. Claude Maclean had been brought up with too much Spartan simplicity to endure with fiaticncc the emasculated manhood of the oshionable dawdler. Thc blood of the old Covenanters that ran in his vein rendered him contemptuous of men who by their vices invite popular odium on their order. He held fast to the old maxim Noblesse oblige, with thc result that for men of thc stamp of Sir Regi- nald Denison he felt on instinctive antipathy abnost amounting to loathing. Thc baronets request to be furnished with thc address of his model stirred thc unger that he felt on seeing a man of besmirched reputation enter Iiis Btudio to a white heat of fury. Thc possi- bility of Winifred being subjected to thc intrusive impertinence of Sir Reginald Deni- son added fuel to the flame. In the mood in which he fouud himself after his visitors had left he would willingly have snatched at any excuse for giving the baronet a sound thrash- ing that would cover him with bruises and leave every bone in his body sore and aching. He felt himself almost ready for homicide if Sir Reginald chanced to return. "Curse the fellow's impudence," he exclaimed, in his wrath. "Hanging is too good for human vermin like him. Ile ought to be cat up Into bits." I Then a sudden thought caused him to bound out of his chair. " What a fool I am not to have thought of it before," he cried. " Lady Polohampton will take him there, of course. What more natural, seeing that Lord Polehampton has bought her picture, and has so generously interested himself in her career. That scamp Denison, who is still as black as they make 'em, will soon know tho address he was so keen after." And seizing his Lat, Claude rushed from the house, banging the door behind him in his fierce impetuosity. The mystery that hung over Wiuifred's life during those three years concerning which she was so curiously reticent Iud often occupied Claude's mutdsuice his visit to Glen-Crloch at Christmas, though he was as far from arriving at a satisfactory solution os ever. But his faith iu thc purity of her nature did not waver, despite the uncomfortable element of mystery that surrounded her. He never doubted that whatever personal reasons Winifred might have for Uer silence thc interests, real or imaginary, of some one else occasioned her reserve, and that whenever the curtain came to be lifted and her hidden post disclosed the revelation would bring her unblemished purity into striking relief. Claude Maclean was too observant a student nf human life to be unaware of thc manifold reasons that might lead a virtuous woman to bury sad reminis- cences of tho past in the oblivion of silence. He was too noble- minded to bc readily accessible to suspicion regarding auy person. It was the working theory of life to take human nature on trust until reasons for distrust were forthcoming, and when once he gave his faith he gave it outright. But on he hurried doug the streets the ques- tion forced itself on his mind. Was Sir Reginald Benison bound up in any with the secret of Winifred's life t W as it possible that the baronet bad contrived in some manner to obtaiu some hold upon her? Claude recoiled from thc bare supposition, but he could not thrust from his mind the startled look of astonishment which Sir Reginald betrayed when thc curtain was withdrawn from the picture. Claude felt that thc look was not one of surprised delight in a, work of art Amazement, perplexity, and something that seemed like recognition were imprinted on the baronet's face. It was this that troubled Claude. Ue felt that the mystery that surrounded Winifred was thickening, and that the shadow of some great trouble, that he was unable to define, was gathering round the path of the woman he loved with a devotion that nothing could quench. A rapid walk of ten minutes brought him to thc street where Winifred lived. He arrived in time to see thc carriage containing Lady Polehampton and Lady Isabel being driven away from the door whilst Sir Regi- nald followed in the same direction at a leisurely pace. He fretted and fumed over the delay that ensued before the one servant that Winifred kept opened the door in answer to his imperative knock. " Is Miss West at borne ?" he inquired with breathless agitation ; and without waiting for a reply he pushed post tho domestic and mado for the studio where he found Winifred look- ing pale and limp with her head reclining on her hand, buried in thought. The last months of Winifred's life had brought her great happiness. The only tincture of bitterness in her cup was the sense of the hopeless passion for Claude. Maclean that had come to her unawares, and the struggle that it entailed to hide it within her own breast, and live her life os she must have lived it, if Fate had not brought them to- gether. In her devotion to her art she had found a relief from thc misery of self-intros- pection and the sharper pang of vague desires never to bc realised, and her endurance had been crowned with new strength, enabling her to rise superior to the natural weakness of her sex. With the victory over self there hod come to her a great peace. But with the ghosts of the past newly risen from the grave iu which she had thought them laid for ever, she felt that there was an end to her tranquility. The appearance of Sir Regimdd Denison had roused all tile faculties of her nature into intense exercise. For thc first time she realised to the full extent thc blight that he had cast upon her life, and the great bliss that might have been hers but for that occidental meeting in the galleries of the Louvre years before, with all that followed upon that. She rebelled against the idea that her life was just what she had made it. She could not plead with herself that she had been reluctantly drawn into an unsuitable marriage, but, in some dim way, she felt that Life hail not been just to her in leavme her in her youthful inexperience and guileless trustful- ness at the mercy of the first villian who chanced, in plausible guise, to cross her path. How terribly bitter it was ! How weary of life she had grown in a few short minutos ! But Winifred roused herself on hearing Claude's footsteps, and smiled her old sweet smile as she extended her hand in greeting. " I am so clad to see you, Mr. Maclean," she said. " it is nearly a fortnight since you were here ; and I wus feeling just now that thc sight of a friendly face would he welcome." " You have had visitors, I suppose," said Claude, at a loss for au excuse to explain his j agitation, which he thought Winifred could not fail to Bee. " Yes ; Lady Polehampton has been here i with her brother, uud Lady Isabel Childe." " I would have given a thousand pounds rather thou this should have happened," said Claude, with ill-suppressed anxiety. " Unfor- tunately that man Denison saw my ' Helen ' and there was an evil light in his eye as he looked at tho picture. I saw by his look that he meaut mischief. And now he has found thc original I am full of all kinds of Btrange fears." "I do not fear Sir Reginald Denison," replied Winifred with quiet dignity. " You need be ' under no apprehension on my account." " Winifred," said Claude, »eating himself by her side and taking her hand in Jus. " I have been silent too long. I have only re- frained from speaking lest my words should pain you. Look at me, Winifred, and tell mc that you love me. I have loved you ever .ince I knew you. You remember where that was. I lay unconoious and delirious In thc hospital yonder, and it seems to me now that in my unconscious state I had dreams of the angels-of you my own pure bright augel, mostof all. When first I cuno to myself your beautiful face hovered near me, and this hand that I am holding now soothed my fevered brow in my weakness and pain. You have brought me back to life. I owe everything to you. My wholo heart is yours. All my hope of happiness is in your bands to fulfil or to destroy. Give me the right to protect you. Say that you love me, if only a little. Say that you will be my wife. " And he drew thé unresisting form of Winifred closer to him until her head lay pillowed on his breast, whilst he kissed her again aud again. For one brief moment Winifred dared to be happy and to believe that the bliss she had dreamed of and thrust away from her might lie in store for her ; but the next uiomcnt her vanished strength luid returned to her and she disengaged herself from Claude's embrace and looked him sorrowfully in the face. , "Oh, Claude, forgive me !" she cried. " I ought to have stopped you. I ought not to have listened to you. But my love for you has niado me very weak. What you hope for can never bc." "What do you mean?" cried Claude. "Do you not love me ?" "Have I not said so?" replied Winifred mournfully, und then flinging herself into his anns she exclaimed, "Claude, Claude, my heart is breaking, I do love you with my whole heart and soul, but I cannot be your wife. Say you forgive me." " Capitally acted Lady Denison ! I said tho last time We met that yon would make a first rate actress." Sir Reginald by. judicious bribery and a little cajolery had persuaded the maid to allow him to find his way to the studio unannounced, where he hod arrived in time to hear Winifred confess her love for his rival. As their faces were turned from the door they had not seen him enter, but on hearing bis voice they rose from the couch on which they were sitting and confronted lum. Claude stood for a momcut contemplating Sir Reginald with heaving breast and dilating nostrils, and then made as though he would spring upon him, when a quick movement from Winifred arrested him. "Do not touch him, Claude. You shall not soil your hands. for me," she added, drawing herself up proudly. "I do not fear this-man. Go at once, Claude, and leave me to deal with this liar-this coward-this common gambler and cheat !" Now, go-for my sake ! Do not be afraid " I go at your wish," said Claude, " but I recall nothing of what I have said, I leave behind me the entire trust of my whole heart. " And darting a fiery look of hatred at thc baronet he yielded to Winifred's request. But though he quitted the studio he went no further than the drawing-room. He determined that he would remain within call lest violence should be attempted on the woman he loved. There was one ray of light shining through the darkness that overwhelmed Claude's spirit He knew the worst ; he knew that the woman he loved was thc wife of Sir Reginald Beni- son. But the discovery did not alienate her from him. Henceforth, he vowed, his lips must be sealed upon the passion that he cherished for Winifred. But he felt that more than before she required to be shielded by thc deep unutterable affection that he bore for her from the tyranny of a villian ; and as bc thought of thc terrible power that the English law gives to a bad husband over his wifeg Claude trembled for Winifred's future. (To be continued, J 