The Two Detectives; Mountain Mag. !.. .. A GOLDFIELD STOBY, \, : -Ï .Just this: you have been tormenting me; ais "go-between for these superior vil ,ains.ï If ,they are both gone, I suppose you are the head scoundrel,now.' . 4 You'd better look out!' growls Blowey. And then, wi tb a horse laugh : * Yes ; I'm the head scoundrel now, if that name suits. ye.v ; ?. . ? ? i,,,.. 'It suits you admirably,'says the old man.: - v^.- ? 4 Wal,' ejaculates the fellow, casting a sharp and threatening glance at two of his mei.who have approached, and now at ;> once draw back again, 4 I s'pose ye've made up y er mind to have dealings with me,"'-now that I've been promoted?' 'From the talk of the men, I gather that since the loss of your superiors, you and your gang have been steadily , unfor tunate --' # Blowey growls out an oath'at the ex pense pf hiB talkative subordinates." ', 'That you have attempted "toj rob a stage, and been poorly paid for your effort ; that some other enterprise .of. yours has failed; that you have grown Uneasy and are about to forsake this stronghold.' . ' Wal ?' growl s Blowey. \ * This being the pase,- do you intend to take me with youPV", ','?'<:', 'Yesterday,' said' the outlaw slowly, *I made ye an offer. Î said that if ye'd sign them papers, I'd-set ye free in twenty-four hours arter they was turned into .money in Rockville. ;r Are'ye going to dp it r' He looks .up' and the eyes of the'two men meet squarely, Those of the one are reso lute ; those of the other are brutal. . No,' say's the old man firmly. * Then,' Bays Blowey with an oath,41 say that J. ain't goin' to take ye with me.'. \- .íAjih, ! What do you mean to do P' y; . 41'|l tell ye,', the villain says slowly. 'I'm tke head scoundrel now, as you say, and I'm ' going to run things on a easier an''' simpler plan. I ain't goin' to carry any dead weights-me an' my men are of the same mind ; we've talked the thing over. Yejre going to sign them orders, an' have that1 money sent over to Rockville so we kin git it, an' no questions asked, or ye're goin' to stay right here till Gaybrull's trumpet ; wakes ye up. Ye kin have this feller to ¿keep ye company, if ye like the style of [him ; the dirty spy. And the out law indicates Stanhope by the thrust of a heavily'sb od foot in his direction. The bid man looks fixedly but unfalter ingly into Blovvey's face. 41 tell you again,' he says firmly, ' that I will not sign those papers, and remain a prisoner in your hands, relying simply upon your word for my release.' And he turns back, as if to re-enter the cave from which he came. . W¿it,' says the outlaw sharply. * There's something; that I reckon ye didn't happen to heir. There's a young woman in Cale donia that mebbe will be willin' to pay something jest to get news of ye. We kin leave ye here, and stand a fair chance of gittin' well paid jest for tellin' her that her Pa.iB dead. The Captain's seemed to sort of; foresee that you'd be a hard un to deal with, so he sent her word that her Pa wanted her, and she came right along. We ain't quite made up our mind, yet, whether we'll ¡carry her off or jest kind o' tap'her purse.'1 - 'Her ?' cries the old man' eagerly. * Of whpm,do you speak ?/ -y-. . '¡Oh ! I'm talkin'»about a Miss Barbara Wray, that landed in Caledonia about a week ago.' f . , , ': . ? ?' ^Barbara?' .The.name seemswr.uug from the old man's lips.., '.Oh,* ho!' says the brute ¡ before him; ' * I thought that would fetch ye. Hullo !' He turns sharply to look'at,Stanhope, who, still staring stupidly, has. struggled to a sitting posture. Hying there an enraged but helpless pri soner, Dick Stanhope hasJ seen something rise slowly and cautiously above the rocks . opposite him, and just behind the group of outlaws,'who are all waiting with interest the outcome of the conversation between their .leader and Stephen Wray ; this object he '.has quickly recognised as Van Vernet, and now lie sits up, thus drawing the atten tion .of-the outlaws to himself. Í be'only one who does not heed his movement is Stephen Wray, who mutters again, mechanically, the name,4 Barbara,' and stares at vacancy, like a man suddenly turned to stone. I - Such, at the moment when Stanhope begins to demonstrate, his activity, is the situation. 1 ~* Suddenly something flashes before the eyes of Bio wey. He has a momentary impression that his vacant-faced, half drowned prisoner has developed new and startling energies ; that he is springing upon him, the robber chief, with face and eyes aflame, and is bearing him downj doWn, down. This is what has really happened: Stan hope, who has moved slowly, and delibe rately measured his distance and his man, has bounded up, clutched him by the waist and the throat, and hurled him to the ground, bringing him, by a dexterous twirl, face downward, with his huge, bare throat right across the chain that trails from Stephen Wray's ankle. The outlaw lies as he has fallen, and Stanhope has possessed himself bf a pistol from his belt before' a hand is lifted to stay him. ? The fall of the body, the sudden tug at his chain, rouses Stephen Wray,' and ¡he ,s'ees what the robbers have not yet seen, three men already in the enclosure ; others, he cannot tell how many, stealing down . the rocks beyond. .' On the ground, not four feet away, is a pile of loaded muskets, left there by the outlaws. With a bound the old man is beside them; has seized a weapon, and springs back to Stanhope's side. Who can say just what happened next ? Men are leaping about, shouting, cursing, fighting1, falling ; shots are fired, knives gleam. . < .; For a moment the attacking party seems to have all the advantage. Then, out of the caye rush three of the robbers, who have been within since they first left their rocky table. They fall upon their assail ants with a yell. Blowey is up, and Gon nolley is down. Suddenly, the interest seems to centre in the foreground of the small arena, where, upon the rock that so lately served a peace ful purpose, Blowey and Stanhope have clinched and are struggling. It is not an unequal contest. The big outlaw is, heavy and strong, but Stanhope is quick and lithe, a trained athlete. Then a cry bursts from the lips of Van Vern et. He has seen, in a passing glance, that two of the outlaws have sprung upon Stanhope from behind; that they have seized and prisoned his arms, and that Blowey is drawing a long knife from his belt. With this warning cry, Vernet dashes aside the robber who opposes him, and springs toward Stanhope. Instantly Dalton follows ; and then the outlaws rush to ¡the aid of Blowey. The shouts and the rush cautíe the robber to stay his hand for ah instant ; then, with an oath the knife is again uplifted, and aimed at the heart of the now helpless detective. ' Stop!' It is a cry so quick, so clear, and so commanding, that it causes all to pause involuntarily. Blowey, with head thrown back and arm upraised, darts a quick glance to ward the rock opposite, from which the cry proceeds, and then with a wild 3*ell, he totters back ."and' falls splashing into the stream. At the same moment, the men who have prisoned Stanhope's arms relax their hold, and flee toward the cavern. It is a time of panic to the outlaws, of surprise to their assailants. Stanhope regains his feet, casts one quick glance at the rocks where stands'the object of the outlaw's terror, and gives a ringing shout. - ' : : ? " , 4 Now, boys, quick. We have them.' ' Ten minutes later the robber-hunters are masters of the field. When he sees that the victory is com plete, Stanhope turns and looks toward the place where the apparition which has io terrified the outlaws still towers. ' It is Cool Hank Dutton, pale and grave, stand ing erect upon the rocks, with his orippled arm hanging free from its supporting fling. 4 Button,' calls Stanhope, ' in Heaven's mme, come down.' Slowly, and in silence, Cool Hank descends the rocky incline, steadying him self with his uninjured hand. As he reaches Stanhope's side, Van Vernet ad vances toward them from the mouth of the cavern. 'What is this?' he says sharply, looking from Stanhope to Cool Hank But ton. * 11 am the leader of these outlaws,' says Dutton, holding out his single hand. » You had^ better secure me« too.' 4 Olí 1 * ejaculates Vernet, and turns upoi his heel« But Stanhope says quietly : * Yes, guessed as much, Button. You'afe atil Upon parole.' And he, too, turns to surve; the field. Four of the outlaws are dead, and thre< are seriously wounded. ' Three others an disarmed and bound. One is missing From the, pool or sink-hole in the littli stream, two big feet project, horribly sug gestive. Blowey has gone into the poo head foremost, and when they draw hin out he is past all hopes or help. As for the raiding party, they have no escaped unhurt. Monckton has fallei across the body of a dead outlaw, with hil spent revolvers still clutched in his hands and as they bend over him the last breatl flutters from his lips. Throe separate balli have lodged in his body. Connolley has i dangerous and ghastly knife wound in hil side. Dan Strong has a bloody gash acrosi his brown, cheek. And when Van Vernei has time to think of himself, he Ands, witl the help of Doctor Mitchell, a flesh wounc in his left arm. It has been a bloody battle although so short. When'the wounds have been dressed, th( dead drawn aside and covered witívsucl articles as they find in the cave-which ii a ,veritablo storehouse of miscellaneouf plunder-and the prisoners made as com fortable as is consistent with safety, Var Vernet turns to Stanhope. ' Come with me,' he says. ' I must hav< a word with you.' He leads the way* clambering .up th< rocky wall over which they came, anc Stanhope finds, to : his surprise, that there is a narrow passage leading from the top of the ledge, be tween two rocks and down on the othei side, coming out upon the very stairlike ledges that he had noticed and passed by. * Van,' he exclaims,.' I missed this place. How did you find it P' ' I had very precise directions, repliée Vernet. .Eh! From whomP' * That's just what I brought you here to tell you ; at least that's part of the reason. You muBt know, then, .that we followed your clues without much ^difficulty, until we came to that drawbridge,1 and were about to cross it, when we heard voices. We got behind the bushes, and in a moment along came three fellows ; two reeling drunk, and all quarrelling.'' ' Ah, yes, I know ; they were three of this gang.' - * We took that for granted, and in a very few moments we; had them sprawling. They were too tipsy to show much fight. And whom do you suppose we recognised in one of them-the'soberest oneP' «Hedley.' «Yes, Hedley; one of Connolley's old Kegulators. Well, we just tipped a wink to Connolley, got out a rope, and rigged it up for an execution. The fellow is a coward at bottom, and the whiskey was in our favor. We got a good deal of information out of him ; among the rest how to reach the robbers1 lah: without wetting our feet much.' ..« Oh,' saj's Stanhope with a grimace, ' you did better than, I, that's all. Where are your prisoners ?'.' «Tied to three trees near the creek,' answered Vernet. .,<'?/ « With your help. I'think I can persuade them to come over the rocks and join their friends.' :. ( « All right,' says, Stanhope. ¡ And the two men step down into the little stream, * Mr. Carson.' . Stanhope turns and starts at the sound of hiB last norn de plume. Cool Hank Dutton is close at hand, and in spite of his crippled arm and the slipperiness of the way; he comes down the rocky steps like one accus tomed to them. . ??, ' >.,r « I want a word with you,' he. says to Stanhope. , . , « Very good j let's: get out of the water first.' " ' - . 4. Stanhope moves on, and in a moment they have passed the rocky walls, and step out upon the grassy hank. Then Cool Hank looks from one to the other and says : ? .?. i "??;:.?__ « Gentlemen, of course I consider myself your prisoner, and I hold myself subj ect to your orders; but I have a strong reason for asking how long you intend to remain here/ Van Vernet eyes him'keenly. « We will answer that question/he says, * when we know what your strong reason ia.» jüool Hank turua from Vernet and addresses his answer to S!*iuhope. I « I gave a promise lo Margaret - Di ood; lie says, 'which I do not «vant to 'break,;' Í have, borro wed h er horse, and wish hi return-' it safely. If you intend to go at'onve to Caledonia, I am contout to go cs a prisoner with the rest, and ask only one favor at your hands-that is, that you will let me see arid talk with Mag. I heard something said a moment ago whioh led me to think that you meant to wait hore for reinforce ments-' 'Ieee,' said Stanhope, ' and you don't want to wait,' Then ho turned,to Vernet. ' Van/ what do you intend.?: Others besides Dutton would be glad to set out for Cale donia. There's that old man Stephen Wray-' * True,' said Vern et j and then he glanced at Dutton and hesitated.. ; Cool Hank promptly took the hint, nodded understandingly to''Stanhope and walked slowly along the bank of the creek. When he had passed out of hear ing distance, he halted, faced about and stood waiting. VThûjt, fellow's í a perfect_ riddle,' said Vernet, .looking after him.j . '.he's well named.' ' y-- ^ j' Yes: However, I think I begin to understand him. . Leave him to .me, Van. Copi Hank.,will;.ppen his lips at the.right ti^né. Now, what is your plun P' . Í' Why,-we are not a strong guard, Dick, aiid this is how I left matters at the Over land office ; they' are tc muster their strength, drivers and all, and as many out siders as they know they.can trust. They counted on a reinforcement, too, by yester day's coach from the east. They expect to be strong enough to take matters into their own hands. Their plan was to wait, and if we didn't come baok or send a mes senger within a given time, they were to set out in search of us. Now, as we have run down our game so soon, 1 think Ave w^ll send some "one to Caledonia to carry tbe news and bring help; We can't leave these wounded men, and we can't take them until, assistance comes.' i* Good I I'll be the man to carry the news j and I'll .take. Cool Hank and Mr. Wray, and be responsible for their good behavior.' . j* Very weU. Now let's go up the hill and bring in our three prisoners.' '* Dutton,' said Stanhope, as they ap proached Cool Hank,1'is there a better or a ißhorter way to Caledonia than that by whioh we came, along the coach road, you know, and across that ingenious draw bridge?' !' Yes,' answered Cool Hank. . '* Then, if you'll lead the way, we will se't out for Caledonia in fifteen minutes. Where did you leave Marx's horse ?' A quarter of a mile from the creek.' /!« Well, get him, and bring him nearer. You'll have to change horses, if there is one that's fresher, in that hidden stable. Can you lead the way to that, too P' Cool Hank hesitated. ' '/I can,' interposed Vernet, and there are ten good horses there. Dutton, we've forced' so muoh ' out of Hedley, that you may speak' without fear 'that you'are be traying your comrades. '. .' «. Gentlemen/ saids Cool Hank, earnestly, * I could sky nothing now without creating the impression that I was trying to justify myself at the expense "of others. I have been second in command of this band of robbers since I came, among them. For a short time I have-been Chief, nominally at least:' 'More than this I cannot say. I am grateful to you both for your courtesy and youritrust in me.; . After I have seen Mar garet Drood,' I shall ask no' more favors, and-at present I shall ask but one other : that' you will put . no questions to ma now*'..',. , j., .' ", . , « Granted,' said Vernet, shortly, and turning toward the hill. « Bring up your horse, Dutton; and wait for us here.' Stanhope and Vernet had gone but a few paces toward the drawbridge when the latter broke out : , * Confound, -your.," mysterious protege, Dick l: He cut me-off just as I was about to ask one question, that sticks in my mindi' . « What was that, Van ?' « Pd like to know what there was in the simple appearance of that man, to scare the pluck entirely out of those rascals, and gi; e us such an easy victorjv : I could not notice anything particular about him which would scare anybody, even those who might be of a timid nature, leaving out of the question the effect his appearance had on such daredevil desperadoes as the rascals we have just-had to deal with." I'm not clear on - that subject myself, Van, but I can tell you what I think. You know he played the ghost just as success fully the other night at the ranch P' « Yes.' 4 And perhaps you remember, all that I told you about his interview with Mack P' 4 Yes, yes.'. ,*Well, I. think, that for some reason Dutton and Selwyn have changed identi ties. Wouldn't that explain it P' - 4 Why, yes. If they have been taking him for Selwyn, and are aware, as-they must be by . this time, that Selwyn is dead, that would explain it. W^iat do you make of the fellow, anyhow.' 4 I'll j|¡ell you.' I've been studying him, and I believe live, hit. somewhere near the truth. The trapping of Wray and holding him for , ransom was Selwyn's work, and was planned and executed without the knowledge or consent of Lieutenant Dut ton. He rebelled against it; that was the one desperate deed that he could not wink at. Ho wanted to set Wray free, and they differed about it. As*for the der coying of Miss Wray here, I don't believe that Cool Hank knew anything of it. 1 expeot that was what Mack whispered to him-the one thing I didn't manage to hear that night in the secret chamber. Now, supposing my notions to have some foun dation, can't you'put youiBölf in his-place -can't you bee " that he could »ot'.offer anything like a true statement of his case without making himself appear a coward, if no worse ?' * Well, yes, supposing what you think to be true. And hasn't it occurred to you that there may be another reason for his reticence ?' 4Another? what?'* .4 Possibly he".can't make- his case very clear without implicating himself in that murder business.', : 4 Ump h !' said Stanhope, keeping his face set steadily up the hill¿4 possibly 1' But his friend knew that there was scepticism in his tone. ! ¡ ' They found ,'the three prisoners just as they had been, left, and- drove them back, after releasing their feet;, at the muzzles of their own pistols.. They found , Cool Hank Dutton sitting at the base of ,the rocky wall, and Mountain Mag's favorite steed, Nick, grazing near the stream. As they approached with their prisoners, Hank arose and began to scale the rocks ahead , of them. 4 The morning was well advanced when Vernet and Stanhope appeared again among their companions. Dalton and Strong were busy over the fire, which they had rekin dled. They had found the storehouse of the robbers, and were preparing a meal. Doctor Mitchell and Stephen .Wray sat apart from the rest, in earnest con versation. .If the horrible suggestion, of Blow.ey had struck the heart of the father with a palsy of terror, the conflict had roused the man, and, shackled as he was, he had fought valiantly. It w:as Dan Strong who bad struck off his fetters, and no words were needed to tell them all that here was the missing father of Barbara Wray. He told his story .briefly, and it proved that the detectives, in constructing a theory had hit the truth. And he could not.hear coo much of his daughter. They told him of the forged letter, and how it had deceived both Barbara and Mr. Follingsbee ; how she had arrived in Cale donia, and. of her grief and consternation upon learning that he was not there. But they did not name Duke Selwyn ; and when they told how she had found a friend in Mountain Mag, and a home at the ranch, they did not mention the attack and attempt to abduct Barbara. 41 see it all now,' Stephen Wray said, fixing his keen eyes upon Vernet's face, 'and I'll never-again trust myself as a reader of the 4 human face divine,' It was the man Selwyn who planned all this. It never occurred to me to suspect him, until it was too late. When'I reached Ca ledonia there was a letter from Selwyn awaiting me in the post-office. It was by his written directions that I called for it before registering at the ;hotel. In it he deplored the < necessity for his presence in Rockville on the day when I would arrive, and gave most plausible reasons. It was for our mutual benefit, he said, and might result in considerable gain. He suggested that I drop my identity. I remember the very words ? " In, such a placeras Cr--," he said, " there might be adventurers from N. Y. who would fail to recognise your name if not your face. To be known aa a man of wealth here is simply to court dan ger. In your - place,,and especially as I cannot join you for several days> I would assume a name less likely to make me an object of too much interest to brigands." Think, of that, sirs-pto brigands ! That J fellow 1 I fell in to this trap, an d all the. I others he set for me, although, when I started in the coach for Rockville I .was beginning to smell a rat, as the-saying is. Not that I suspected him then, but it struck me as odd that the stage should be so lightly freighted at a tinie when passen gers were so numerous. - But when we were halted, and I found myself the only object of special attention from the- rob bers, I began to do some serious thinking, And when I was brought to this place alone, and , the driver and the other pas senger were turned loose, I saw the whole scheme. It didn't need the arrival of my fellow passenger, three or four days later," to confirm my suspicions ; they,'^rërë al ready firmly grounded. Yes, sir, he was one of this very band ! And he laughed in my face when I told him what I thought of him. , ' ' * Is that fellow among these.men ?' asked, Vernet quickly. Yes,' answered the ¿oíd millionaire, with a nod toward the row of i stilly shrouded forms, 4 he's there, and I shan't: mourn him.' , , . , 4 An d all the tinie that you have been a' prisoner, you have never seen the leader of. this band ?' queried Stanhope. i 'Never onco! That ruffian, Blowey, has been the go-between. Perhaps I committed a blunder by boldly declaring that I sus . pected Selwyn ; but I had got my eyes, < open at last, and although ifhey denied all knowledge of such a person* ri could see by their manner that I had startled them, and they were' puzzled how to act. ! They, sent a man to confer with their leader, and in the meantime left .me'pretty much alone. But when they got. their orders, the game began. They bullied and "threat ened. One they got kp a hanging farce, and actually had me at the end of a rope.' But I knew th»t my neck was safe, and I laughed at them. About two weeks ago I tried to escape. It was the first chance that I had found, and the force was weak ened by half a dozen ; but they caught me in the act, and then Blowey chained me by the leg. I got so desperate, at last, that I told Blowey I would negotiate , for my freedom-that was little more than a week ago--if he would bring me face to face with the ringleader. I took it for granted that Selwyn was the man, and for the first time Blowey forgot to deny it. He sent away a messenger that same night, and they did not approach me again on the subject for two days. Then the messenger come back, and he must have brought some startling news, for it set them all in a flutter, and Blowey afterward grew daily more aggressive. Messengers were coming and going; raiding parties have been scouting and coming ? back . sullen . .and' almost empty handed ;< my position ??. was growing more and more, difficult to endure as the robbers' schemes began to miscarry. Good Heavens 1' cried the old man, looking about him, as if for the first time.<he fully realised the peril from which he had been rescued, ' if I had known, during this last miserable week, that my daughter had been so nearly dragged, into the toils, the villains would have had me at their mercy. Now* I will spend thrice the money they wanted to extort from-me, to flnd and punish that renegade, Selwyn.' " V Vernet and Stannope exchanged signifi cant glances. - ,l . : . . : >., * It will not be necessary,' the latter said in a low tone ; 4 Selwyn is dead.' - * Dead ! when ? how ?' . * He was shot," more than a week ago. I can't tell you the details at present; there are reasons why explanations, mußt be put off until we are all in Caledonia.' . 4 Oh I and when do we set out?' : : '' Vernet glances across the sward toward the other prisoners, and said in a still lower tone : 4 My friend, here, is going at once, with one of the prisoners. If you-feel equal to the-ride, you can go with them.' - « May I ask why-'. - . * You may see that we can't move thèse men in their present condition, and in ours. . Carson will send out reinforcements, and waggons to convey the wounded.' Stephen Wray glanced about him. I . p. ' ? ! "?. I ¡ «.»*;.. ? , -, j . i. i , 'Let me understand,' he said. ' Do you intend to let it be known, before you arrive, i with .the prisoners, that, you have made i this capture ?'. < i ' By no means,' broke in Stanhope. 4 We ! shall flourish no trumpets ; it might stir j up a hornet's nest.' 'I thought so,' said the oldman. '..Then, it won't do for me to go. Besides, I don't like to desert my rescuers. I want to lend a hand in landing these rascals where they, can't get into more mischief. My daughter is safe, you tell me, and. this young.man will intorm her that Lam alive and well.'. Stanhope nodded. 4 Then I can wait ; in ?fact, I prefer to ¡wait.' ? . Having endured so much at the hands of the outlaws, he was grimly resolved to have a part in their punishment. Even his fatherly anxiety gave way before this stern determination. The same spirit that had kept him courageous and defiant through .his long captivity, swayed him now that it had come to an end. * While they talked, - Stanhope had been breakfasting heartily, and as he was. pre-; paring .. to leave, the camp, 'Dalton drew i Vernet aside. 4 Van,' he said) * I-don't like i the idea of sending Carson' .back with that fellow Dutton.' 4 Why I" ' .... 4 He is one of the outlaws,, and,how do you know that he may not lead the young .fellow into a trap P They are: talking' of taking a shorter out, Carson.says-Dutton, of.course, to lead the-way. Don't you think . that I had better go with them?' i' ' Do you want togo?' .,. ,.» ,;, ,4 Well, yes. To tell the truth I want to get back as soon as possible : I won't have them say that I am trying ;to! keep; ¿ut of harm's way. I don't know what to make I of this* Dutton ; hut if he mean's to show i himself in Caledonia, I want to. be there, too.'- . . ?' ' '.". ..«.'VM'X-'" i * Well,' said Vernet, turning away,4 I'll speak to.Carson.' .And he did. 1 ' I will -not take him,' said Stanhope, i looking annoyed. « Why must, he go?' I Vernet recounted the reasons given by.. ¡.Dalton. ? . ",* ' 4 Pshaw !' ejaculated. Starihppe, 41 know, better ,; he has a yet stronger motive.' ' V What, is it ?' * A woman-of course,' impatiently, A shadow fell upon Vernet's face, but it passedinstantly,and he said, with atwinkle ' of. amusement in his eyes : r * He did give another reason. He thinks that it isn't safe to trust a youngster like' you alone with Cool Hank.' It was Stanhope's turn to look amused. 4 Have you noticed Cool Hank and Dalton ? Their courtesy is freezing.. I believe that each thinks the other the guilty man.' " To believe that, you must hold them, both innocent.' , * I do,' said Stanhope significantly. And then he added, hastily : * Very well ; let Dalton go with us.' ; In a few moments, Stanhope, Dalton, and Cool Hank Dutton, mounted upon three of the .robbers' best horses, were riding toward Caledonia. When they were gone, Stephen Wray approached Vernet,' whom he seemed to recognise as the leader of the rescuing party. ... . ' How much time do you give them to go and return ?' he asked. , Vernet considered a moment. 4 It is nearly noon,' he said, 4 and I- don't ' think4' that we can be more than sixteen miles from Caledonia.' , " ,. 4 Sixteen miles !' ejaculated Mr. Wray. 1 Vernet. beckoned to. Doctor Mitchell.; 4 Doctor, how far do you think,we: are from Caledonia ?' , '.We're a good deal nearer than I ever dreamed we should find a robbers' roost. We can't be more than-let me see ; it's twelve or thirteen miles to the Pa ssl-' ' ; ...* Yes,' .interrupted Stephen Wray, * if you mean the usual point of attack.' ' ..41 do,' answered the Doctor. 4 And from: the : Pass, by the ,way we came-and a mighty thorny, rocky, uphill way it was it can't be more than-four miles.' . . 4 Do you mean to tell me,' cried Wray excitedly, ' that all these weoks I have been a prisoner : within sixteen miles ; of Caledonia, und only four miles from the highway.?' \- Both the listeners nodded. 4 Gracious Heavens I'cried the old man, now livid with rage. «-Did I tell you how I was brought here ?' .: 4 NojVsaid .Vernet ; 41 think not.'..... 4 Well, sir, I was. blindfolded right be side the coach, and put on a horse. That was in the forenoon. -My horse was led until late in the afternoon, wnen we stopped in the woods, and ate a cold luncheon. Then I was ülnuifoliIecT again and led on. . We slept two nights in the »Woods, and my horse was changed twice; I was all the time blindfolded, and riding, Awhile the men walked. We wont uphill and down, forded streams, mid scrambled through bushes, and on the morning of the third day they took the bandage off my eyes, right here where we stand.' ' ' Uinph !' said Dr. Mitchell, ' it's a regular game of theirs, that. They wanted to dis courage any thouirht of escape or. rescue1. They led me a similar dance once-the villains I' ? ? ¡ It was growing dark when Stanhope hastily entered, the office of the ¡át;.. Charles and hurried to Charlie Carson's room, whither that young man instantly fol lowed him. Stanhope had parted from.his two companions at the edge of the town, an d hasten ed by a roundabout course to tho office of the Overland Stage Company, leaving Dalton and Cool Hank to arrive-in their own way. ; . .Are they here?' was. his first question. . 'Yes,' answered Charlie, seemingly per fectly to understand. ' Dalton came first, and Cool Hank a little later. They man aged it very neatly. I don't think half a .dozen people saw either. Dalton's up stairs now, talking to Miss ' Wray,' with' Mag's'old woman for propriety ; and Cool Hank's in . the parlor, closeted with Mountain Mag. What's up ?' ; ' I'll tell you in a minute,' looking about, tim room. 'Did .you bring my «traps, Charlie?', " , , ' " ' . j ' Yeshero they, are,' dragging.:a large travelling-bag'from-underneath the'bed. , Stanhope drew off his coatand'attacked the bag. '. j ' I'll ¡give you;- particulars to-morrow, Charlie, -;-' jerking the bag open,- and beginning to ' take out various articles of ? apparel.-:?'.We've got the outlaws caged, and I've been to the Overland, to .start them out after the prisoners. We've found Mr. Wray; that's what .Dalton is telling Miss Barbara. Hold in, Charlie ;'<r4-f or Charlie, not daring to'shout his joy, was indulging in a series of ecstatic contor tions. « Cool Hank has owned to being in league with the gang.' Charlie so ber ed instantly. .; >,: ' 'I half oxpected that,', he,,said. , ,' I'm confounded sorry. But how --7-' ' ¡j,/,' .'He's on parole,'- broke in Stanhope.; 'Hand me that box, Charlie!' .. .'!' Charlie gave him- the ^desired 1 article./ . What the dickens are you up to ?' he asked, Btaring.blankly. . T .'J .-ÏJ *, ,? ....-¡ . . : :..*;'Turning myself into Podunk again/as fast as possible. How's Harry Hatch ?' ' He's all broke up. I've got him locked in,.down at the Doctor's cottage.'! Hope tim Doc'll excuse the liberty-rhad to ' do. it.' Hatch was badly scared, and almost ready to-* go into jim-jams. Mack-s been harrying him, and got bim, completely rattled.' * You don't think he'll fail, us ?'? asked Stanhope quickly,, working..as .he talked, and swiftly transforming . himself into Podunk. . .'.<*'.. ' No ; : he won't do that. All that he asks; is that we stand between him -and Mack* By the by-' Ile checked himself and looked at Stanhope; who was rapidly com pleting his toilet.. ..;*,. ; '* Fire away, Charlie. What is it ?': ~r ';The old man came back last night.' ' 1 ':.0h, did.he ?'/ Stanhope -readily under stood 'the old man ' to mean the proprietor of the St. Charles Hotel. " ,' - Í Yes'; and in less than half an hour Mack was here,, and they were, closeted together.' , . , 'Ahl Got any ideo, .'xf the subject dis cussed ?' :;' Not in words ; but early, this morning Mack was here again, and the two adjourned tb Selwyn'sroom. They went through the baggage, and found something that they've ^ been.very mysterious about all day. I don't like their goings on. Mack and the.oldinan swear, by each other, and they mean mis chief of. some sort. I believe that scoun drel Mack put something in Selwyn's trunk that dai/ ' Shouldn't wonder.' said Stanhope dryly. ' Now, then, Charlie, I must be off. PH be back within the hour, and we'll go and see Hatch. Try to find out what'B in the wind, won't you ? If I. shouldn't be back as soon as I expect, perhaps- yes, I'm sure* I'd better send a message to Dutton.' * To Dalton, you mean-' (TO BK CONTINUED.) 