Iec.organisation of tie B.N.I.A. It was a fine stroke of practical wisdom which led the memlbrs of the Broad ford Mutual Improvement Association to decide last Tuesday, on re.construct ing their society. For though starting with the fairest prospects, and supported by intelligence, ehareeter, and educa tion, it has not fulfilled its promise, and though it might be an exaggeration to confess it a failure, it were anything but the truth to call it a success. A number of reasons are assignable for the non-success of the society, some of which will doubtless be fully discussed at the forthcoming meeting on Tuesday evening next. In the first place there has been no syllabus. The meetings have been arranged severally as occasion demanded, and announced a week previous to their being held. But a syllabus is a necressity, and within certain limits the more extended the better; it would give the meetings definiteness, and what is more important, give members sufficient time to prepare for the different, sub jects, insuring the best papers and the meost thoughtful and lively discussions -a great factor to suocess. Then too, if we are rightly informed, there is at present no good working committee ; a body of reliable members who will undertake the work pertaining to the practical working of the association, and arrange among other things, its pro gramme. And then it would be well, we think, were the restrictions taken off pertaining to admission. Both sexes should be represented here as elsewhere, and on all important occasions the room should be thrown open to the general public; for the larger the audience, the greater the interest and the consequent success. , The members have considered the advisability of more frequent meet ings ; it is hoped they will not overlook the need of a .warmer and more suitable room. This may seem to some a non-essential; we believe it to he vital. Who can speek well, or listen comfortably, when the limbs as well as the processes of thought are palsied with cold, and in fancy one sees the bats chasing the ghosts of warm speech and intercourse, in the dim, distant corners of the hollow-sounding hall ? One other thing is essential if the society is to flourish, and be a real help, there must be freedom of thought. The younger members especially should be encouraged to express fearlessly what they think; not what they might be expected .to say, even when those thoughts are so startling in their novelty and apparent wildness as almost to shock the mind of the thinker himself. But put a bar upon the discussion of certain topics because they are supposed to be too evident to require proof, or be. cause they would run counter to con ventional opinions, and the doors are at once fatally closed against all those who set the least value on their time, much more on those who value truth, 