SPORTING. i | The English oloven sailed for Australian on tbe 2nd inst. by tho Arcadia, Lord Shofflold accompanying the tontn. Ihotoam is com* poBed of tho following players:— Abel, 13oan, Attewell, Briggf, Grnco, Lohman, Macgrogor, Peel, Phillipson, Radcliilo, Road, Sharpe, and Stoddart. Tho tonm ia edmiltod by com- I potent judges to bt» uio strongest combination that has left England, and ^vill bo captainod by tho rodoubtablo Dr. W. G. Graco, whose ro-apx-earanco in Australia aftor an absonco of seventeen years will bo hailod with un * bounded' 'satisfaction by lovors of' cricket. \ iJoan heads tho batting avorogo for tho ! connty of Sussex with 33.60 for innings. ) RadclifFe also loads tho van for his county 1 (Gloucestershire) in tho. batting, department ;? 'with an averago of 22. - Tho toam commouces its campaign on Novembor. 20th, against a South Australian olovon, mooting' Victoria on I November 27th and following days, nnd Now ; South Wales on Docombor 4th and fol lowing days. The team meets an olovon of ; Australia in Molboutno on January 1st, 1892, \- and following days, nnd again in Syduoy in a I match commencing on 29th January. A return match ogninst Now South Wales will bo com t menced on .tho 19th February, and Victoria : trill be played in March. L. A London -exchange says;— Notts has ,the tallest, smallest, youngest, and oldest cricketers of any . county in England. Gunn is Oft. 2£in., while Bngguloy is content with 5ft. 3io. i\Tbe;laUer,: who'hw ju9t turned 18 yoars tof'pge,Vis ;:the youngest of the .professional leountt: cricketers', ''and' Richiira Daft is the oldest, he having turnod £6 yoars of ago. A shower of rain commenced to fall at Hastings the othor day (says ' Buff and Stack 'in a New Zoaland oxcbange), when a lad rode up to tbo door of a blacksmith's shop and took his horse insido out of t-ho wet. Two well»known spoits woro standing by, nnd one saia, ' wast wouiu you iiro to give ior mat prad V His companion took a cursory glance at tbe animal, and replied, 'Well, I'd bo vory sorry to give moro than £30 for him at tho moat. !\Why';do you ask?' 'Oh I for no particular reason. That is tho colt Gollan gave 2025 guineas for !' In answer to a correspondent tbe Sportsman Bays that Corythus is not scratched ior tbo Caulfield Gup, The name of the soo of Paris ^'rhas j been; published in noarly 'all tho news ./ papers as a.malcontent, . c v Meloi'l:whed he ran in the Randwick Plate .'(writes. 'Cranbrook ' in tho Sportsman), hnd the bad luck to get ono of tho plates on his hind feet twisted, and with it cut the hoel of one of his fore feet. That was how tho littlo son of Melody was knocked out at oue timo for the Melbourne Cup, in which race I firmly believe he will, at anyrato, bent Megaphone. The same wrilor says that ' Glenloth must bo a bit of a daisy, judging by tho way ho downed Sadim at Elsternwick Park and afterwards came out and won tbe Park Handicap. Thon Sadim walked away from Red Cross at Wynd bam, and thon tho latter cleverly dofeated Montrose on the following Wednesday at Moonee Valley.' 'freelance' in the Sportsman writos : — , , ^Carbine still remains in the Melbourne Cup, i: ; ; although tho bubble has been pricked, and all the gas which had kept tho old horse at pretty high pressure in tbe metallic meter allowed to escape. Tho prospect of boing laid .a largo sum .to a small one by the lucky or unlucky ?'-v drawer of Carbine in the big sweop would, of course, not influence the great horse's owner in the slightest degree in keoping tho cham pion in tho race one so^.nd Inter than honor dictated desirablo. Moro probably Mr Wallace, if he starts his horao, will bo in . fluenced by.a deai.ro, to give thoso of tbo pub r: lie : who- havo backed him a run for their money. But, 'tis crue! to bo kind nt times, and though to n man all of us would rejoice to see tho old horse start, if fit and well, in the Melbourne Cup, our gratification would be much marred if it wero oojoyed at tho ex pense of the public^ who would most assuredly risk and Iobo anothor thousand pounds: if Carbine came to tbe post. By tho way, I ? -don't think I have mentioned the fact irf.print .thatUpmething like -six weeks' linck Carbine was tried with Megaphone at Ocean Grove, and the four- year-old boat 'old Jack' so easily that tboso-who knew what weights wore up realised that Carbine would havo to im? prove immonsoly to have the ghost ofachanc6 of winning a Molbourno.Ctip with 10at.l21b'on » Ws back. Since' then 'ho bas: done no fast work, and I leave my readocs to imagino for themselves how much he has improved in tho interim, thon to gauge for themsolves his Cup prospects with 156 pounds in tho saddle. In the first race at Warwick farm on Mon day, tho Wagga horso Cromome, who was well backed, was badly kickcd on the stifle1 by Victor Hugo at the post. The Glorious geld ing ran very gamely in tho race, but after wards had. fcueh; a vV log': that it was with difficulty ho could be got to walk. 1 