TALKS ABOUT ROME. By O.M.S. A MIDNIGHT RAMBLE AMONG RUINS. II. We were still standing in the Forum, under the full moon, waiting for the shadowy pro- cession of gods and heroes to pass by. But for a time, we waited, and watched and listened in vain. Suddenly the moon withdrew herself behind a dark cloud, casting every- thing around as into deep shadow, whilst a ghostly mist, rising from the ruins, began to wreathe itself into fantastic shapes, which a gentle breeze slowly waited along the well- worn flagstones of the Via Sacra. Under such favourable conditions the imagination naturally indulged in vague and unreal fancies, arriving to cross the narrow boundary line that separates the seen from the unseen, or to lend itself to the illusion that the im- mortals had come again to revisit thus the "glimpses of the moon." 1 fanet I see stn 1 the authoress with a slight quaver of trepidation in hir voice I fane) I sec \ irgnnus plunjiii-, the butch« r s killie, in order to save his daughter s honour into the heart of the heautilul \ lrginin 'Where* ijneiilnted severnl voicessimul tnueonslv lust there she replied pomtim, with her lorclineer to a nustv exhulatioii not far from tbcorators tiilumc I Ins blootlv trudelt tlint levoliitionisid lorne must line been i ntieted on flint ven spot lo niv tnnev I obsPripl it appen s rather hki tilt ligiue of Mink \iitonj pro iioimctu" his tiimoiis tuner«! onitiin over' the dead hotly of l a sar for it was fiom that identical tribuni tlint he dilivciilit We may honestlv entertain a doul t whelhir he commtnepd with ' ii end« ROIIIIIIS coiintrimcii lend me tour ear» * Hut in the absence ot the oi igmal weinav vi «11 accept slinksiiente s uiiniortal virsion tit an onition that so sioused tin pussions ol llie populucp that thev cittmi oriscd ti munni pjn mid burned Cn.sni s mungilli 1 iii on u spot so sneit (1 that it would have I em «Ii i mi it stiel iiii,e ni the i ise ot mi) nieunei elm ** Was it here tlint Cusin WHS assnssmnted lu the euiitpiiatuii*' mquiiel the sie.noiiiin Si \I simoiina ilaneio ghin re spun lui t nr volubli pilule Act ni ling to the list authorities t interposed c cum as not assassinate lime noi)ct in the Capitil is Shakspiaie sup posed but m 1 ompi) s Suinte houie the siteol viliieh is now ocoiipiitl b) tin chinch of S Viillu n (leih, \ nile ' \\\ hut a pit) it is tlint 0 esni di 1 not take vinrnm" from C ilpiirnuis dienni niuimurid the si0iionn i si nipiitheticallv *? \ on are all ii set of dreamers and senti mentulistb snarled the cynic 1, too could summon spnits from the vnst) deep were I so disposed but I do not cute to place nu self in the same eltekon ns tin se who hit o inistilteii I locks and pcMs lorbjeetus it* tint) nt> ghosts "Whntpiir )ou ninv snv, Si¡,nor "Moniiis retoited the authoress us slip re adjusted her pune ne that w bite cloud oveihuutini, the Capitol hears ustuhint, nsemblance to the nimble lelief m tin Borgese Museum of Marcus Curtius, inoiinttil on his horse lind elad m full nnuoilr plunging heroicallv into the ysvi nmg eulf m the midst of tin 1 oiiini in order that he might save Komi 1 cannot sie it he it plied butti I could sec it mid believe whattlid lusljuixotic exploit sigmfv after all ' It vins a splendid example of heroio seit sacrifice mid devotion ' \erj true, but what did it ill avail' It was onl) a question of time Ancient Rome as somcon« has saul lins been swallowed up in this ab)S3, anti ma) we not add that sooner or later such will be the fate of modern Koine'' ' 'Hint ma) be, I replied , ' but u noble and heroic deed never dies Ihememor) of Curtius will outlive the so called Eternal City I believe, with Dorothea tlint by di suing whut is pLrfectl) good, even when we do not know w hut it is und cannot do vi lint we would we ure pait of the divine power against evil-widening the skirts of lie,lit mid making the stiuytle with darkness narrower Dutj is ours, consequences belong to God." And yet, sitting tliere among the ruins of the Forum, 1 seemed somehow to be brought into closer contact than ever before with the inexplicable mystery of human life, and the insoluble problem of moral evil. That Curtian gulf appeared to become a bottom- less abyss, in which were swallowed up alike the evil and the good, leaving one in doubt " Yt lio's strongest, He who makes, or he who mars." Then there's the infinite pity and pathos of it all-the despairing sense of utter helpleBB ness in the presence of such gigantic wrongs, so terrible " For one who Is not God, and cannot right The* tt rang ho looks on." Scattered here and theie around us were the melancholy monuments of departed civilisa- tions, buried, for the most part, forty feet below the let el of modern Home. Etruscan ruins, Roman luins, Christian ruins-ruins piled upon ruins-venerable antiquities point- ing backward to a still more remote antiquity. Tliere stood the hoary relics of the venerated Temple of Vesta with its so called eternal lire forever extinguished. Hard by, the three stately columns of Corinthian marble of the once famous Temple of Castor and Pollux gleam white in the moonlight - the ghostly memorials of a dinu mid shadowy pttBt. Here and there might be seen frag- mentary stretches of the Via Sacra, of which every ilagstone lias its own separate history. There was the Arch of SeptimiuB Seterus, tlie eight unlluted columns of the Temple of Saturn, and, directly in front of us, the Column of Pliocus, that erstwhile " Nameless column tilth tho buried base," thnt for nearly thirteen centuries has stood, like a solitary sentinel, marking the site anti guarding the ruins of the old Roman Forum. But what interested us most of all in this memorable spot_ which, if we except the Acropolis at AthënB, exceeels every 'Other in deep historical interest, was the rostra, or 'orator's tribune. Still' mutely 'eloquent with the eloquence of Cicero, it can only find its counterpart in the Benia of the Pnyx, where Demosthenes thundeied his famous philippics; and St. Paul preached "Jesus and the resunection" to the Athenian philosophers. "Why do they call the orator's tribune tlie rostra, instead of therottrnm?" inquired the sigtiorina, breaking the oppressive silence. " Because," said her admirer, who was glad to hate an oppoitunity of enlightening her, " because it was decorated with several a( the ¡ron prows or rostra of the warships which, you know, were captured from Antony and Cleopatra at the battle of Actiuni. " 1 would like to stand upon the very spot where Cicero stood when he delivered his famous orations," she exclaimed effusively. " Wouldn't it be grand !" "Let me ussist you, then," said lier lover ; when, taking his hand, she lightly ascended the ruined lemuins of the Rostra Julia. " Now for a speech !" ejaculated several voices simultaneously. " Quousque tandem ahilere, Catilina-" she began, assuming an oratorical attitude. " That will never do," 1 interposed. " That oration against Catiline was delivered in the Senate-house or Curia, and not here in the Forum. Can you not gite us one of his cele- brated philippics against Mark Antony flint weie delivered from the very spot where you now stund î" ' -, " No, I can't ; but I feel as if I could' deiner a philippic of my own against the infamous Fulviii, Mark Antony's wife, who wreaked her fiendish t engeance on Cicero's dead body." Our " Vnssar girl," who had evidently been leading up tor the occasion, doubtless re terrcd to the time when Fuit III, with diabolic malignity, toole the bend of Cicero in her lap, after his assassination, and, after heaping insult upon it, pierced his tongue through and. through with her golden bodkin. It will be reinembeied, too, that his mutilated head and hands weie afterwards exposed to uew upon the very lostra where he had so often harangued tlie populace, and never did the eloquent tongue of the living orator make a more forcible, etfeetive appeul. 