ACADEMY OF MUSIC. The Musical Comedy and Burlesque Compiny pre sented a new programme last night to an appreciative audience in the Academy of Music. The entertain ment opened with a very talcing comedietta, entitled. '* Wild Hoses,** in which Mr G. Walton ami Miss Bella Bishall had the lion’s share of the “ business.” Mr Walton, it is needless to say, was highly diverting as Richard Timpani, while 3Ii9S Bashall delighted tho audience with her archness and natural acting. Her singing and dancing, too, were very pleas, ing, especially the latter, and the floral tri bute bestowed on her was well • deserved. The second part consisted of an extravagant burlesque upon the wdl-known drama, ‘*Tho Corsican Brother#.” The burlesque follows closely on the Hues of the original, and is cleverly written, mostly in pantomime style. In this Miss Lilhn Davies had an opportunity of proving her skill as a danseuse, and she availed herself of it to the utmost. Her po»: turing was most graceful, and her movements full of life and eloquent of the “ poetry of motion,” She was deservedly encored for her pan de seul, and repeated the last movement. Mias Deorwyn, Miss Carthew, Miss Bashall, and Miss Kitty Lanbnrgh ncquitte! themselves admirably as vocalists and actresses. Mr Stewart’s make- up and acting as Madame de Franchi were excellent. The hulk cf the exquisite fooling with which the play abounds devolved upon Mr G. Walton, who was ably seconded by Mr 11. Smne. The part of the ghost gives an opening for burlesque that was not fully availed of. Mr Walton, at Fabian and Louis de Franchi, was Ja his element. A broader travestie upon the original canid not he conceived. His grotesque fantoccini dancing was inimitable, and his song, “Tho bogio man,” is certain to be popular with the youngsters. But it is in the last scene that his acting is seen at its best. The duel with Chateau Renaud,vi Is mort, must be seen to be appreciated, it i* the very acme of travestie. The punctiliio of the “duello,” the c does* of the principals and seconds, the science ef fencing, the rigi 1 code of honor in breaking the rapier to pine* both combatants on an equality, and the deadly hatred of the Corsclean, all ceme under the lash of satire. Were duelling fashion* ablo in these times it could not withstand many such lashes. On Mr Walton mainly derives the successful issue of this scene, hut Mr Ilarry Shine is hardly less succesful. The du-1, which lasts some t'me, keeps the audience in one continuous shriek of laughter, and the termination U a fitting finale to a side-splitting scene. The same programme will be given to-nizht, and should be witnessed by a crowded house. ’ 