THE SOUTH SEAS. COPYRIGHT. Bt Robert Louis Stevenson. Author of "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped," " The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll end Mr. Hyde," drc. PART I. THE MARQUESAS. CHAPTER I.— As Island Landfall. For nearly ten years my health had been de clining, and for eome while before I set forth upon my voyage I believed I was come to the afterpiece of life, and had only the nurse and undertaker to expect. It was suggested that I honld try the South Seas, and I was not un- willing to visit like a ghost, and be carried like a bale, among scenes that bud attracted me in joulh and health. I chartered, accordingly, Dr. Herritt'a schooner-yacht the .Casco, 74 .tons re gister, sailed from San Francico towards the end of Jane, 1888, visited the Eastern islands, sdd was left early the next year at Honolulu. -Hence, lacking courage to return to my old life cf the house and sick room. I set forth to lee ward in a trading schooner, the Equator, of a little over 70 tons, spent fonr months among the atolls of the Gilbert Group, and reached Samoa towards the close of 'S3. By that time gratitade and habit were beginning to attach ne to the Islands ; I had gained a competency of strength ; I had made friends ; I had learned niw interests ; the time of my voyages had passed like days in fairyland, and I decided to remain. I begin to prepare these pages at aea, on a third cruise, in the trading steamer Janet Hlcoll. If more daye are granted me, they shall be passed where I have .'foiiad life most pleasant and man moat interesting ; the axes of my black boy8 ore already clearing the founda tions of mj future hotrae j a-nd-I ihust learn to f&fts; t - >- AQaiJl BilOUItl biiUH IldvC tCIClOCU W6 ICIUSV. ot Lord Tennyson's hero it lees eccentric than appears. Few men who come to the islands leave them they grow groy wlicre they alighted ; tho palm shades and the trade wind fans them till they die, perhaps cherishing: to the last the fancy of aviiitbome, which is rarely made, more rarely iDjoyed, and yet more rarely repealed. No art o( the world exerta the same attractive power upon the visitor and the task before me is to communicate to fireside travellers some tense of its seduction and to describe the life at tea and ashore of many hundred thousand pereont, Some of our own btood and language, ail oar contemporaries, and yet a9 remote in thooght and habit as Rob Roy or Rarbaroasa, the apostles of the Creaars. The first experience can never be repeated. The first love, the fust sunrise, the first South | Sea Island are memories apart, and touched . a virgioity of sense. On July 28, 1888, the moon was an hour down by four in the morn- log. In the east a radiating centre of brightness told of the day, and beneath on the sky-line the ! morning bank wa9 already building, black ; as ink. We have all read of the swiftness of the day's coming and departure in low lati- lades. It is a point on which the scientific and „ the sentimental tourist are atone and basin spared some tasteful poetry. The period cer tainly varies with the season, but here is one case exactly noted. Although the dawn was \- thus preparing by 4, the sun was not up till 6, and it was half-past 5 before we conld dis tinguish our expected islands from the clouds . on the horizon. Eieht decrreca south and the day two hours a-coming. The interval was pissed on deck in the silence of expectation, the customary thrill of landfall heightened by ) the strangeness of the shores that we . were then approaching. Slowly they took : shape in the attenuating darkness. Ua-huna, piling up to a truncated summit, appeared the first upon the starboard bow; almost abeam arose our destination, Nuka-hiva, whelmed !n cloud ; and betwixt and to the southward the firet rays of the sun displayed the need)e9 of Ua-pu. These pricked about the line of the horizon like the pinnacles of some ornate and | monstrous church ; they stood there, in the I sparkling brightness of the morning, the fit | aignhoard of u world of wonders. | Hot one soul aboard the Casco had set foot upon the islands, or knew, except by accident, | oae word of any of the island tongues; and it was with something, perhaps, of the same :,v anxious pleasure as thrilled tho bosom of dis- | coverers that «e drew near these problematic | shores. The land heaved up in peaks and | rising vales ; it fell in cliffs and buttresses ; ita | color ran through 50 modulations in a scale of I pearl and rose and oiire ; and it was crowned | above by opalescent clouds. The suffu- lion of vague hues deceived the eye, | the shadows of clouds were confonnded with the articulations of the mountain, and the isle | and its unsubstantial canopy rose and shim- t mered before us like a Bingle mass. There was $ no beacon, ho smoke of town to be expected, I no plyiug pilot. Somewhere in that pale phon ic taamagoria of cliff and cloud our haven lay | Concealed j and somewhere to the east of it— I Ihe only sea mark gh-en— a certain headland, J known indifferently as C.»pe Adam and Ere or j Cape Jack and Jane, and distinguished by two | colossal figures, the gross statuary of nature. i These we were to find ; for these we craned and | Itared, focussed glasses and wrangled over ; charUi aQd the sun was overhead and the land I cl30 ahead before we found them. To a ship i approaching, like the Casco, from the north, they proved indeed the least conspicuous | Stores of a striking coast ; the surf flying high above its base : strange, austere and | feathered mountains rising behind ; and Jack I Md Jane, or Adam aud Eve, impending like a | pair of warts above the breakers. | Thence we bore away alongshore. On our I port beam we might hear the explosion of the I lurf; a few birds Hew fishing under the prow ; | (here was no other sound or mark of life, | hetber oi man or beast, in all that quarter of di e. — nd, Ringed by her own impetus aud «i tuu ui iiiir nr<3fi7£> it. . _ _ . . _ . q .... iuu aiummed unaer cl.ff., opnvd uut a cove, showed us a beach £ and eome green trees, and flitted by again, :i — g .0 .he swell. The trees, from our £ aught have been hazel, the beach h„.e been in Europe ; the mountains g — m b„h,nu modelled in little from the Alps; )i? ud .h. .o.co„ which clustered on their ram- P a g.o...h no more considerable than I?"4 Switish heath. Again the cliff yawned, Dl now a deeper entry ; and ' the a aico, hauling her wind, began to slide H lo the bay of Anaho. The cocoa palm |s t at giraffe of vegetables, so graceful, bo un- II P1 y, to the European eye so foreign — was to Ha .1 cffdin« 00 le each ftncl climbing H hinginj; the deep sides of mountains. . e an< bare kills embraced the inlet upon || titber band ; it was enclosed to the landward lief Mtered mountains. Ia every ! of that barrier the forest harbored, |i floating and nestling there like birds about a gj in, and far above, it greened and roughened H «e razor of the summit. t'le eastern shore our schooner, now I ' 0 aay breeze, continued to creep in, the H matt creature, when once under way, appear- lltViS Mtl8 'Q erae' rom close nboard arose Hth oun® lambs ; a bird sang in ftwi l0.' Bcent f the land and of a Hat. fe sor hwera flowed forth to meet Sitala" ?r.e3ently a flu30 or two appeared. Hind IDS 011 anE'ea hillfli P ae these surrounded with what Shu 4i a h'atden. These conspicuous Pbnt D9' at culture, had we P , it, were n mark of the presence lliiJV16? aad we have approached En a r islands and not fouid their parallel, on8er we spied the native village, Pipti woivercal fashion) close upon Rthe ' close under a grove of palms, Eeu«/ea 1D 'ront 8rowflnff and whitening on a BhlisV6 arC 0t ree( or the cocoa tre0 and the HiDif btli lovers antl neighbors of the ® coral waxes, the palm grows, but eparts, saya the sad Tnhitinn proverb; EL. Qre lreei 80 long as they endure, |L Untera 01 tI,e beach. The mark of nnchor- Biontt,Wai 8 in the rocks, near the Horn l'easte1Jijr corner of the bay. Punctually to Bi. e blowhole spouted; the schooner Bjk.- 6 npon her heel, the anchor plunged It RLirtV1111 80undt n great event; my soul Rvlnrii WU W these moorings whence no Kind r extract nor any <Rer fish it up ; Kiirni a< i8000 art tny ®bip'a company, Bfi yj0m 0ut lbe bond-slaves of the isles BtfJ?'8 .le ancbor plunged a cnoe was J paddling from the hamlet. It con- tained two men— one white, ono brown and' tattooed across tho face with bands of blue, both in immaculate white European clothes ; the resident, trader, Mr. Regler, and the native chief, Taipai-Kikino. "Captain, Is it permitted to come on board ?" were the first words we heard among the islands. Canoe followed canoe till the ship swarmed with stalwart, six- foot men in every stage of undress— some in a shirt, some in a loin-cloth, one in a handker chief imperfectly adjusted ; some, and these the more considerable, tattooed from head to foot in awful patterns ; some barbarons and knived ; one, who sticks in my memory as . something bestial, squatting on bis hams in a canoe, sucking an orange and spitting it out again' to alternate sides with ape-like vivacity— all talking, and we could not understand one word ; all trying to trade with us who had. no thought of trading, or offering us island curios at prices palpably absurd. There was no wprd of welcome;, no show of civility no. hand extended save that of the chief and Mr. Regler. As we still continued to refuse the proffered articles, complaiot ran high and rude ; and one, the jester of tbe party, railed upon oar. meanness amid jeering laughter. Amongst other augry pleasantries, "Here is a mighty fine ship," said he, to. have no money on board I" I own I was inspired with sensible repugnance ; even with alarm. Tho ship was manifestly in their power ; we had women on board; I knew nothing of my guests beyond tbe fact that they were cannibals ; the Direc tory (my only guide) was full of timid captions ; and d8 for tbe trader, whose presence might else have reassured me, were not whites in the Pacific the usnal instigators and accomplices of native outrage? When he reads this confession our kind friend, Mr. Regler, can afford to smile. Later in the day, as I sat writing up my journal, the' cabin was filled from end to end with Marqnesana ; three brown-skinned genera tions, squatted cross-legged upon the floor, and regarding me in silence with embarrassing eyes. Tho'eyea of all Polynesians are large, luminous-' Jind-jzieVting-; -thay are likethe eyeii of . animal and some Italians. "The' Rontons knew that iuuk huu uau « wuru lur iv , uuun -uv/ said, eyes rancid wilh expression, A kind of despair enmo over me, to sit there helpless nnder all these staring orbs, and be thus blocked in a corner of my cabin by tbis speech less crowd ; and a kind of rage to think tbey were beyond the reach of articulate communi cation, like furred animal9 or folk born deaf, or tbe dwellers of some alien planet. To cross the channel is, for a boy. of 12, to change heavens ; to cross the At lantic, for a man of 24, is hardly to modify his diet. Bat I was now escaped out of the shadow of tbe Roman Empire, under whose toppling monuments we were all cradled, whose laws and letters are on every hand of ns, constraining and preventing. I wn9 now to see what men might be whose fathers had never studied Virgil, had never been conquered by Cmsar, and never been ruled by the wisdom of Gaius or Papinian. By the same step I had journeyed forth out of that comfortable zone of kindred languages, where tbe curse of Babel is so easy to be remedied ; and my new fellow, creatures sat before mo dnmb like images. Mcthongbt, in my travels, all human relation was to bo excluded j and when I returned homo (for in those days I still projected my return) I should have but dipped Into n picture-book without a text. Nay, and I even questioned if my travels should bo much prolonged ; perhaps they were destined to a speedy end ; perhaps my subsequent friend, Kauanui, whom I remarked there, sitting silent with the rest, for a man of some authority, might leap from his bams with in ear-snlittinff Riernal. the shio minht be carried at a rush, and the ship's company butchered for the table. There could be nothing more natnral than these apprehensions, nor anything more groundless. In my experience of the islands I had never again so menacing a reception. Were 1 to meet with such to-day I should be more alarmed and tenfold more surprised. The majority of Polynesians are easy folk to gat in touch with— frank, fond of notice, greedy of the least a'&'ectioo, like amiable, fawning dogs ; and even with tbe Marquesans, so recently and so imperfectly redeemed' from a blood-bolstered barbarism, all were to become our intimates, and one, at least, was to mourn sincerely our departure. Chapter II.— AIakino Friends. The impediment of tongues was one that I particularly over-estimated. The languages of Polynesia are easy to smatter, though hard to speak with elegance, .And they are extremely similar, so that a person who has a tinclnre of one or two may risk, not without hope, an attempt upon the otherB. The most odd and obvious vnriation is in tbe consonants. T nnd K, R and L, are interchanged in different dialects; so is the gronp F, H, V, or WH and the process by which the difference arose is still to 'be observed in opera tion. The islands are subject to epidemic tricks of speech, such ns we nro accus tomed to in Europe. It is not long since all fashionable France adopted the burr, all fashionable England lisped, or all unfashionable London sounded V for W. In Europe these epidemics come and go, so that already, in the earlier novels of Bulwer Lyiton, their traces make ns stare. In the islands, where al!|tbe world is " in society " aud the whole popula tion adopts at the same moment the same novelty, the consequence is more enduring. In tbis way, within the last half century, K has driven T out of Hawaii, and within the last few years the same deformation has involved the beautiful language of Samoa. T is now rarely sounded there except iu set orations ; and so much confusion reigns that I have heard a Samoan pastor say " Kupu " and "Atua"inthe satno clause of a prayer. The E is no new sound in the Samoan language ; it was once common. Fashion expelled, and now fashion reinstates it, like exiles after an am nesty. And, oneo more like tho exiles, it re. turns to find its old seat occupied by others and to fill new positions. Tbe place of tbe old K, once so carefully entruded. is still marked by ID6 aposiropuo or SO taucu tiiivu i wuim lue new K, now so wantonly reimported, usurps the part of T. It should be borne in mind that this latter fashion started after the language was already written and printed and assidu ously read, and that it has been, nnd still is, steadily resisted by tbe mission, tbe central educating tody. IIow much more swiftly must similar whims and mimicries hove defaced and divided the dialects of a bookless antiquity. And accordingly, when wo look to Melanesia, wo find the speech of the same island is infinitely broken np. In tbe small isle of Tana, Mr. F. A. Campbell counts no fewer than six lunguages ; and on New Caledonia I was assured there were not less than 60— the latter figure struck me with incredulity. M. Gullet (who gave it me for around number) im mediately called into tho office ono of his native assistants, asked the lad what languages he could understand nnd which he conld not, and as each was named, showed me its territory on tho map. The boy spoke three ; he mentioned (I think) four of which he was quite ignorant ; and they were nil close neighbors iu a narrow belt across tho island. Mr. Campbell after chronicling the fact quoted nbove, goes on to philosophise. " It is a well-known fact," he says, "that if there be no fixed standard"— he refers to the art of writing— a language will quickly alter ; and that if, under these circum stances, people originally speaking the same language be separated and kept apart and opposed to each other in war aud stratagem, their language will develop into different dia lects .and become so different as to entitle tbem to be called different languages." I quote these words because they appear so conclusive and because they are seemingly quite true for Mela nesia. How, then, to explain tho contrary cxpe- rience of tbe Polynesians ? These are spread over n great field of ocean, from north to south and from west to enst. Intercourse had long ceased between nearly ail the groups. On the same island, in the MarquosB, every glen was in perpetual cannibal warfare with its neighbors. And yet, to-day, from the extreme north to tbe extreme south, tbe language is probably not so different as Breton is from Welsh ; and the Polynesian, landing on any isle witbin these broad bounds, will be readily understood ;in almost all essentials. And again, not only ib Polynesian easy to smatter, but interpreters abound. Missionaries, traders and broken white folk, living on the bounty of tbe natives, are to bo found in almost every isle and hamlet ; and even where these are unserviceable the natives themselves have often scraped up a little English, nnd in the French zone (though far less commonly) a little French-English, or on efficient pidgin, what is called to the westward " Beach-la-Mar," comes I easy to the Pbiynesian. It is now taught, besides, in the schools of Hawaii, and from the multiplicity of British ships and the nearness of the States on the one band and the colonies on the other, it may be called, and will almost certainly become, the tongne of the Pacific. I will instance a few examples. I met in Majnro a Marshall Island boy, who spoke excellent English. This be bad learned in the German firm in Jalnit, yet did not speak one word of German. I beard ' front gendarme who had taught, school- in Rapa-Iti, that while the children kad the ntmost difficulty nr reluctance to learn French, tbey picked np English on the wayside as if by accident. On one of the most out of the way atolls in the Carolines, my friend, Mr. Benjamin Herd, was amazed to find tbe lads playing cricket on the beach and talk ing English ; nnd it wa9 in English that the crew of the Janet Nlcoll, n set of. black boys from different. Melanesian islands, communi cated with other natives throughout the cruise, ' transmitted orders, and sometimes jested together, on the fore' hatch. But what strnek .me perhaps most of all was a word I heard on the verandah of . the Tribunal at- Noumea. A case had just been beard— a trial for infanticide against an ape- like native woman — and the audience were smoking cigarettes as tbey awaited the verdict. An anxious, amiable French lady, not far from tears, was eager for acquittal and declared she would engage the prisoner to be her children's nurse. Tbe bystanders exclaimed at the pro posal '; the woman .was a savage, said tbey, and spoke no language. "J/ait, voiu sanez," ob jected the fair sentimentalist. its apprennent si vile I' Anglais." But to be able.to speak to people js not all ; and . in . tbe first stage of my relations, with 'natives I was helped by two things. To1 begin ' with; I was' tbe showman of tho Casco.' Sbe,' her fins lines, tail spars and snowy decks, the crimson fittings. of tke saloon and the white and gllt.and tba repeating mirrors of tbe itiny.. cabin brought es h-iinnd r'fil 'VlStteant: ' "The inSn" ' fathomed ont her dimensions with their arms, the women declared the cabin9 more lovely than a church ; bouncing Jnnos were never weary of sitting in the chairs and contemplat ing in the glass their own bland images, and I have seen one lady strip up her dress, and, with cries of wonder and delight, rub herself bare breeched upon tbe vel vet cushions. Biscuit, jam and svrup was tbe entertainment ; and as in European parlors tbe photograph album went the round. Tbis sober gallery, their evcry-day costnmes and physiognomies, had become transformed, in three weeks' sailing, into things wonderful and rich and foreign ; alien faces, barbaric dresses, they were now beheld and fingered, in the swerving cabin, with innocent excitement and surprise. Her Majesty was often recognised, and T have seen French subjects kiss her photo graph ; Captain Speedy — in an Abyssinian war dress, supposed to be the uaiform of the British army — met with much acceptance ; and the effigies of Mr. Andrew Lang were admired in Marquesas. There. is the place fnr him to go when he 9ball be weary of Middlesex and Homer. It was perhaps yet more important that I had enjoyed In my yonth some knowledge of our Scots folk of the Highlands and the Islands. Not much beyond a century has passed since these were in the same convulsive and transitionary state as the Marquesans of to day. In both cases an alien authority en forced, the clans disarmed, the chiefs deposed, new customs introduced, and chiefly that fashion of regarding money as the means nnd object of existence. Tbe commercial age in each succeeding nt a bound to an age of war abroad nnd patriarchal communism at borne. In one tbe cherished practise of tattooing, in tbe other a cherished costume, pro scribed. In each a main inxnry cat off ; beef, driven under cloud of night from low land pastures, denied to the meat loving highlander; long- pig', pirated from tbe next village, to the man-eating Eanaka. Tbe grumb ling, the secret ferment, the fears and resent ments, the alarms and sudden councils of Mar- quesan chiefs, reminded me continually of tbe days of Lovat nnd Strnan. Hospitality, tact, natural fine manner and a toachy punctilio, arc common to both races ; common to both tongues, the trick of dropping medial consonants. Here is a table of two widespread Polynesian, words Bouso. Love. Taliitian .. Fare .. Arena New Zealand . . VThnro Sanioau i.. Fate .. Talofa MnniliK'i .. Fule .. Aloha Bawniinu .. Hale .. Aiotm ularquesan .. Halo .. Kaoba. Theelisian of medial consonants, so marked in these Hnrqucsan instances, is no less common both in Gaelic and the lowland Scots. Stranger still, that prevalent Polynesian sound, tbe so- called catch, written with an apostrophe, and often or always the gravestone of a perished consonant, is to bo heard in Scotland to this day. When a Scot pronounces water or bottle — wa'er, ie'er, Ito'le — the sound is precisely that of tbe catch, and I think we may go beyond and say that if such a population could be isolated and tbis mispronunciation should become tbe rule it might prove the first stage of transition from t to t which is the disease of Polynesian languages. The tendency of the Polynesians, how ever, is to urge against consonants, or nt least on the very common letter I, a war of mere ex termination. A hiatus is agreeable to any Poly nesian car; tile ear even of tbe stranger soon grow9 used to tbeHO barbaric voids ; but only iu tbe Marquesati will vuu find such names as Hanii and Paaaeua, when each individual vowel must be separately uttered. These points of similarity betwoen a South Sen people nnd some of my own folk nt home run much iu my head in the islands, and not only inclined me to view my fresh acquaintances with favor, but continually modified my judg ment. A polite Koglisbman comes to-day to tbe Marquesans and is nmazed to find tbe men tntooed ; polite Italians cams not long ago to Eug'.and and found our fathers stained with woad ; nnd when I paid the return visit a9 a iittle boy, I was highly diverted with the back- wnrrltmaa nf Ttnlv . an insecure, so much A matter of the duy aud hour, is the pre-eminence of race. It was so that I bit upon a means of communication which I recommend to travellers. When I decree! any detail of savage custom, or of superstitious belief, least back In tbe story of my fathers, ami fished for what I wanted with somo trait of equal barbarism : Michael Scott, Lord Derwentwater's head, the second sight, tho Water Kelpie, each of these I have found to be a killing bait ; tho black bull's head of Stirling procured me the legend of llohero) and what I koow of tho Clnny Macphersons, or tho Appln Stewarts, enabled me to learn, and helped me to understand, about the Tevas of Tahiti. The native was no longer ashamed his sense of kinship grew- warmer, and his lips were opened. It is this sense of kinship that the traveller must rouse and share, or he had better content himBolt witk travels from the blue bed to the brown. And the presence of one Cockoey titterer will canso a whole party to walk in clonds of darkness. The humlet of Amuho stands on a margin of flat land between the west of tbe beach and the spring of the impending mountains. A grove of palms, perpetually ruffling its green fans, carpets it (as for a triumps) with fallen branches, and shades it like an arbor. A road runs from end to end of the covert among beds of flowers, the milliner's shop of tbe community ; and here and there, in the grateful twilight, In an air filled with a diversity of scents, and still within hearing of the surf upon the reel, tbe native houses stand in scattered neighborhood. The same word, as we have seen, represents in many tongues of Polynesia, with scarce a share of difference, the abode of man. Rut although the word be the same, the structure itself continually varies ; ,and the Marquesao, among tbe most backward and barbarous of islanders, was yet the most commodiously lodged. The grass huts of Hawaii, the birdcage houses of Tahiti, or the open shod, with tbe crazy Venetian blinds, of the polite Samoan— none of these can be com pared with the Marquesan puepae-hae, or dwelling platform. The poepae is an oblong terrace built without cement of black volcanic stone, from 20ft. to 60ft. in length, raised from 4ft. to 8ft. from the earth and accessible by a broad stair. Along tbe back of this and comiug to about half its width runs the open front of the house, like a covered gallery ; the interior sometimes neat and almost elegant in Its bareness, tbe sleeping space divided off by an endlong coaming, some bright raiment per Imps hanging from a nail, and a lamp and one of White's sewing machines the only marks of civilisation. On tbe outside, at one end of the terrace, burns the cookiug fire under a shed ; at I the other there is perhaps a pen for pigs; the remainder is tbe evening lounge and al fresco banquet-ball of tbe inhabitants. To some bouses water Is brought down tbe mountain in bamboo pipes, perforated for tbe sake of,sweet- ness. With the Highland comparison in. mj mind, . I was struck to remember tbe sluttish mounds of turf and stone, in which I have sat and been entertained in the Hebrides and . the North Islands- Two things, I suppose, explain tbe contrast. In Scotland wood is rare, and with material so rude as turf and stone tbe very hope of neatness is excluded. And in Scotland it is cold. Shel-' ter and a hearth are needs so' pressing that a man looks not beyond ; he is out all day after a bare bellyful and at night when be sayeth 11 Aha, it is warm I" he has not appetite for more. Or if for something else, then some' thing higher ; a floe school of poetry and song arose in , these rough shelters and an air like Locbaber Ne More is an evidence of; refinement more convincing, as well as more imperishable, than a palace. To one soch dwelling platform, a consider able troop of relatives and dependents resort. In the hour, of the dusk, when the fire blazes and the scent of the cooked breadfruit fills tbe air and perhaps the lamp glints already between tbe pillars of tbe hoase, you'sball' behold tbem silently assemble to this meal, men, women and children ; and the dogs and pigs frisk together np the terrace -tairway, switching rival tails. The strangers from the ship were soon equally welcome ; welcome to dip their fingers in the wooden dish, to drink cocoanuts, to share tbe circulating pipe and to hear and hold high debate about the misdeeds of the French, the Panama Canal or the geographical position of .San'Francisco and b(cw Yo'ko. In a Highland hamlet,, quite out of reach, of any. tourist, I have met the < same plain and dignified' hospi tality. ' I have mentioned two facts— the .distasteful .behavier .of. our earliest, visitors and tbe case qf r the;la4y:who rubbed-herself -npeuithe cushions.: '—whPeh would. give n veryjalse opinion of Mar- ques'an manners. The great majority of Poly- Marquesan stands apart, annoying and attrac tive, wild, shy and refined. If yon make him a present he affects to forget it, and it must be offered him again at his going— a pretty formality I have found nowhere else. A hint will get rid of any one or any number, they are so fiercely proud and modest ; while many of the more lovable but blunter islanders crowd upon a stranger, and can be no more driven off ttian flies. A slight or an insult the Marquesan seems never to forget. I was one day talking by the. wayside with my friend Hoka, when I perceived his eyes suddenly to flush and his stature to swell. A white horseman was coming down tbe mountain, and as be pissed and while ho paused to exchange salutations with myself, Hoka was still staring and ruffling like a game cock. It was a Corsican who had years before called him cochin sauvdge — cocon thauvngc, as Hoka mispronouoced iu With people as nice and so touchy it was scarce to be supposed that our company of greenhorns should not blunder into offences. Hoka, on one of hie visits, fell sud denly in a brooding silence, and presently after left the ship with cold formality. Wheu he took me back into favor he adroitly and pointedly explained the nature of my offence. I had asked him to sell cocoanuts and, iu Hoka's view, articles of food were things that a gentleman should give, not sell, or at least that be .should not sell to any friend. On auotber occasion I gave my boat's crew a luncheon of chocolate and biscuits. I bad sinned, I could never learn how, agaiust eome point of observance, ana though I was dryly thanked, my offering was left upon tbe beach. Lat our worst mistake was a slight we put on Toma,' Hoka's adopted father, and in hi9 own eye3 tho rightful chief of Anabo. In the first place we did not call upon him as, per haps, we shonld, in his flue new European house, the only one in the hamlet. Iu tbe second, when we came ashore upon a visit to his rival, Kaipi-kikino, it was Toma whom we saw stand- ing at tbe head of the beach, a magnificent figure of a man, magnificently tattooed, and it was of Toma that we asked our question — « Where is the chief ?" What chief ?" criod Toma and turned his back on the blasphemers. Nor did he forgive ns. Hoka came uud went with us anily, but alone I believe of all the countryside neither Toma nor his wife set foot on board the Casco. The temptation resisted it is hard for a European to compute. The Flying City of Lapnta, moored for a fortnight in St. James' Park, affords but a pale figure of the Casco anchored before Anaho, for the Londoner has still his change of pleasures, but the Mar- queeau passes to his grave through an un broken uniformity of days. Oo the afternoon before it was intended we should sail a valedictory party came ou board, nine of our particular friends equipped with gifts and dressed as for a festirul. Hoka, the chief dancer and singer, tbe greutest dandy of Auaho, and oue of the handsomest young fol lows in the world — sullen, showy, dramatic, light as a feather aud strong as an ox— it would have been bard, on that occasion, to recognise, as be sat there stooped aud silent, his face heavy and grey. It was strange to see the lad so much affected ; strauger still to recognise in his last gift oue of the curios wc bad refused on the first day, and to know our friend, so gaily dressed, ao plainly moved at our departure, for one of tbe half naked crew that had besieged and insulted us on our arrival ; strangest of all, perhaps, to find in that carved handle of a fan, the last of those curiosities of the first day which had not all been given to us by their possessors— their chief merchandise, for which they had sought to ransom ns a3 long as we were strangers, which they pressed on ns for nothing as soon as we were friends. The last visit was not long protracted. One after an other they shook hands aud got dowu into their canoe ; when Hoka turned his back immediately upon the ship, so that wc saw his face uo more. Taipi, oo tbe other hand, remained standing and facing U9 with valedictory gestures ; and when Captain Otis dipped the ensigu the whole party saluted with their hnt3. This was the farewell. The episode of our visit to Anabo t)Aa UCiU LUHLtUUCUj MUU lpLlUU£LL bile OiiSCO remained nearly 40 hours at her moorings, not one returned on board, and I am iucliueu to thiok they avoided nppeariug on the beach. Tbis reserve and dignity is the fiuest trail of the Marquesan. 