Tflie Storyteller. Guru's shawl. Jonas Pbay wb« born stlDgy ; he hid Lis swectmpftts from bla little brtuhern wben he wn* » clillil, hd-I smoked Ills clears nlnne wheu lie w»x n younif man. By the lime he wae forty, Jonan Pray was a very rich man, ihoueh be lived as nlalnly ?' ever, and somehow about that see tbe flrnt tender Mings he hart ever w, owl) crept, Into liis heart. He fell In love with ablixnm, ifnoil- lempered young woman, named 8'# Woolwich, aud n-r«red himself tn her. He was not an ill-looking man, and when he nhone could make himself agreeable, rtara llhert blm BDd accepted blm, Jonas meant tn be liberal tn her at first, but after a brief honeymoon nf happlues- bis old bablta resumed their Bway, and at last, tbe ei-cood winter nf their married life oomincon. Hara fnuud that all ber remarks abiul her shabby summer bat bad no efleot whatever, and that she might wait a long while witbnut having suob a thing as a comfortable cloak sug gested to her. rthe had been a poor girl and bad no trousseau to speak of, and sbe found It necessaty to put ber pride In ber pocket and ask for what she needed. It Is bard enough for a wife to do tbat, but to b« refused was sometblug she bad not calculated on. She knew ber husband bad a large banking account — tbat there was uo reason ebe should not drees as well as any lady In the laud. Rut wben she had said, playfully, ' Jonas, uliall I buy my self some winter tlilng»tn-dny ? I ueed a shawl dreadfully,' he bad answered, 'I thought you were too sensible a woman to run after the fashions, Sara, I'm sure you bBve very decent tbiugs that you might wear a long while yet.' ' Tbat shows how much men know,' Bars answered detetmlned to be pleaaani and not to show tbBt she w«s hurt. ?? You would not like your wife to look shabby, JonaB?' ' Well, no,' said Jonas ; ' no ; but really, Sara, money Is so scarc just now. Don't you think you might make what you have do a little longer?' 'How much longer?' she a»ked ('U' Ob,' I don't know,' said Jonas. 'T bad an aunt who left me sometblug when ebe died, wbo wore ine same snawi mm bonnet sixteen years, and boasted of It too* !' His wife looked at him and said no tbfQZ. ' Economy is a great thine, S«ri,' s.ld Jonas, uneasily. ' It would tie dreadful to die in the work-hnuie, you know ; *ud you don't care for other people's adinirH tion, do you, S*ra, wben you know your Jonas likes you a* well in your well saved clothes? We won't call Inem ?shabby,' Sara, only well-saved.' 'Call tliem what you please. Jonas,' said 8ara. ' Tbey merit both epithets.' She sat quietly with her hands folded on tbe tatiie before her for awhile. Her temper was rising fast, but ebe had sense enough to cru«h It down. A miser I- the victim of a vice that masters him— Just as a druuUBrd is. Jonas was ashamsd of himsWf even as ne spoke, aod she knew it. As sbe looked at him « little while grief cam» instead of anger. There was so much that was good about Jonas. It was terrible to see tbiB canker creeping over it all ; to see the pinched lines about his mouth, the strange, anxious look in his eyes. Poor rtira remembered etorie» sbe bad read of misers ; how they starved them selves while tbey counted tbeir gold ; how some of tbem died in the daikto save candles, and bow, through a long illness, one of the wealthiest of these men refused to have a pillow bought for him, or even a little saucepan in which to beat his porridge. Would Jonas grow to be as these? How could she tell. Once or twice of late be bad found fault witb tbe amount of butter used, and moaned over bis butcher's bill. But men generally did something of that sort, she had beard ; aod men knew nothing about dress. Sbe aroBe softly and went out of the room, and brought hack her bonnet and shawl and put tbem ou the table before him. 'Jonas, oe»r.' sne sain, i tiuui wain you to thick tne unreasonable ; look at Ibese, Bee how shabby tbey are. Tbey were nice when we were married, but tbey were cheap, very cheap— cheap things fade so. I have made everything I had do for two years. I did not like to ask. I bave not spent one penny of your money for clothes. You know you gave gave me two pairs of gloves during our honeymoon — I bave them still.' 'Wbat b good, careful girl,' said Jonas, caressing ber dark hair, as she came and sat on a low stool beside him. ' Yes, I bave been careful. It la my nature to be careful,' said Sara. ' Few rich men's wives would have done so mucb. Now look at these things, my dear.' JonaB looked. There came a time after ward wben it seemed to blm that the faded tint of that shawl, Its dingy palm leaves of yellow brown, nnd the wilted flowers and shabby ribbon of tbe bonnet bad been seared Into bis brain. He looked at tbem long and lingerlngly. He knew his wife was reasonable, and tbat the things were, and long had been, un fit for ber to wear. But biB money tugged Bt bis heart-strings. ' Suppose you wear tbem one winter more, Sara,' be said. ' Jest one.' 'Tbe Bbawl is very thin,' sbe said. ' I shall catoh cold again as I did laBt winter.' ' Poor girl,' be said softly, aBd looked toward tbe desk where bla cbequr-book lay. But tbe grip of tbe fiend tbat ruleB a miser's soul nipped blm sorely as be did so, Tbe momentary impulse vanished. Besides, a thought occurred to blm. ' Tbey wear clotb jscketB a good deal, BBra, don't tbey? be said. ' Ob I tbey are very faBhlonabte,' re plied bis wife. ' Then couldn't you make one of tbat old bllliard-clolb that is In tbe trunk room?' be said, ' My poor mother bought It at an auctlou. Sbe meant to use it for a coverlet ; but It's avery pretty green, don't ynu think, Sara, and such nice material ?' There is a limit to woman's patience ; tbis suggestion measured Sara's. Sbe started to ber feet, and gathering up ber hoonet and shawl, walked out of the room. After sbe bad gone, Jonas really looked at his cheque-book, aud for at IsaBt two mlnuteB contemplated drawing a large obeque and telling bis wife he i had been teasing ber. But be could not Ulng blmself to do it. After awhile bis wife looked Into tbe room with her old bonnet nu, and ber shawl about ber shoulders, and said :— ' Jonas, I'd. goiug to spend tbe day with my slBter-in-law, but I shall bs home before dinner-time.' ' I hope you'll enjoy yourself, ray dear,' said Jonas, He saw her eyes were heavy with weeping, and be looked away ashamed of himself. Tli»u lie betook bliDBelf to bis offloe, wI' h be ground out bis money, and ducug tb« day compromised with blm sell. He wold do uo extravagant thing, but when be went home He would give j liis wife what was necessary. And, after 1 &Hi; as be said lo blooBelf, ft would have been better tn bave done It, He had grieved ber, and she was tbe only one he iovni on earth. He went homo earlier than usual Ibat evening to make wbat Bootnd, bli sou! I would oonnpiit'tn, nnd «« lin walked i hneklv along, ti.-i tin Ughi upon In* feet | yet — for whpevtr heard of a miser grow ing fat?— he thought Ibat he never agBln would bring tears tn those good, kind eyes. Never, never again, never again ; and then — what was that crowd ? What had happened ? People were coming bis way, looking backward as tbev came, Men, boys, women, little children, all the rlfl-ralTlhat scaldent, or quarrel, or an arrest will collect In the Htreets; and now he was in the midst of the throng and close to four policemen, who, with set laces, marched In time, bearing between th«ro a stretcher on which lay a human form. It was Covered —covered with a shawl. Jonas looked. Oh, Heaven, he knew the pat tern of lhat shawl ! Only a few hours before, Its dlDgy palm leaves of yrllow brown, its faded fringe, its Bhnhliy brown centre had been epread before him. It was bis Wife's shawl. 'Stop ! stop— stop I' he rried. 'Lei me see ber— let me see her!' ' On you know her?' asked tbe police man. ' Let me see her face,' etld Jonas, crowing so faint that a kindly mau bard by supported him by tbe arm. ' You'd not know her face ; a telegraph pole fell on ber ; it's crushed out of all shape,' said tbe polh-eman. ' But shawls are alike. Keep up your courage. I don't think this ib any relation of yours; she's too shabby. Look at her shoes. See here, tills Is ber bonuet. You don't know tbat ?' He held up a bonnet. It was crushed and snaked with tilnnd ; hut Jonas knew it. The streaked purple ribbon, aud b flower amongst the other flowers that had lost half Its petals. He had fingered It as It lay od tbe tahle beside hi in. ' Yes, I know it !' he cried. ' It's Sara ! It's my wife's I' Then be pulled away the shawl from the crUBhed face, and fainted outright. But as his senses left him be beaid some one say — ' His wife ! why, I thought she was a beggar !' And another atiBwered— ' Like enough ; tbey call him a miser. I know him. His name Is Jonas Pray.' They carried the ooor woman home to Jonas Prey's old bouse, helping blm to follow bb be came to himself. Sbe was laid upon ber bed, and there was a coroner's inquest, Bnd women prepared ; ber body fur burial, talking amongst themselves of tbe shame it wbb sbe, a rich man's wife, ehould be so clad ; aud then there waB a pause, and be might be alone with her if be would. Before the time c»m-- be had a iab railed, and went out iu it. He was driven to a large dry goods establish ment, where he asked lo Bee the manager, and was shown to his office. The manaiter found him there, a pale, miterahle object, trembling ai,d faiut, as one in a deep Illness. He was shabLiy, too. ' He bas come to beg.' thought ths malinger ; and his 11 What can I do lor you ?' was curt. But Jonas c»red nothing for anyone's manner now. He answered sadly : — ' I waul to buy a shawl.' 'A salesman will attend to you, sir.' said tbe manager. No.' salil Jonas ; ' I am loo ill. loo broken to talk to the salesman. I can trust you. I want tbe costliest shawl ynu have.' ' A madman '' thought tbe manager. ' Our costliest is £100,' said he. repress ing a smile. ' Have It put up for me,' said Jonas. ' Certainly mad !' said the gentleman to himself. But Jonas bad drawn a cheque from his breast, aud -vitb trembliug band was Ailing up the blanks. The manager examined them carefully. ?' Mr. Jonas Pray,' he said more re spectfully. Then it flashed upon him tbBt be bad read of a fatal accident to tbis mau's wife that morning. It was a rtrange proceeding altogether. Secretly he called others to look at his customer. One knew him — fiuanclally it was all right. . ' And the rest is none of our business,' said tbe manager, 69 he saw tbe bundle of eplendour cnriied downstair-* after Jonas Pray. ' They spoke of bim as a miser in tbe paper. That's a pretty purchase for a miser.' Meanwhile Jonas drove borne. No eweet face smiled a greeting. Within all was bushed. Carrying tbe sbawl under bis arm, be went upstairs to tbe darkened room, where, under straight folds of white drBpery, seemed to lie tbe sorrow of the house. A watcber sat tbeie. He sent her away. Then, alone in tbe room, be knelt down upon tbe floor beside tbe coffin. ' Sara,' be said. ' Sara, cen you bear me? I loveit you, Sara ; but I was such a miser — suob a miBer ! I've bought you a sbawl at last. Ob, Sara ! Sara ! You'll be wrapped in it in your coffin. I'll put it about you myself. Sara ! Sara I ' He spread out tbe costly folds; be lifted It in bis hands, A moment more be would bave folded It about tbe dead form lo tbe ooffiq, but at that instant a voice cried :— 'Oh. Jonas! Jonas, dear! Oh, my poor Jonas ! My poor, poor Jonas !' And turning, be saw bis wife, either in tbe spirit or tbe flesh, standing behind him. He cried out to Heaven to help blm ; but tbe figure came closer. It was no ghost, but a living woman. Sbe took him Id ber arms. 'Oh, 'how III you look,' she said. ' Did you really love me bo? Aod It Ib all my fault. I weot to my alBter-ln-lftw'a, aod tbere Id a pet— ob ! I was eo angry, jonae— I gave away my dress, my ebaw), and ray bonnet to a beggar woman— aod vowed to elt Id oneofajyeister'adresBlng gowos until yoo gave me decent clotbee to come borne Id. And the poor woman —wbo was tipsy, too, my dear— wae billed two bours afterwards, aad I never knew tbat the had been taken for tne until this morning. Ob ! eucb a dirty creature, my dear, tbe papers described ber ! And for a little I wae glad tbat you had bad a frlgbf, but I'm sorry now I was.' For an aDewer he picked up tbe costly abawl and wrapped it about ber, and folded her Id It, like a mummy, to bla heart again. ? 44 Tbe miser Ib dead,' be enld. But , Jonas Pray will show bis wife bow be can cherish ber.11 He did; aod if ever afterward! £ara detected symptom* of a relapse, all ebe bad to do was to wrap herself Id ber wonderful Bbawl. Tbe elgbt of It loevlt ably recalled tbe momeot wben bulearol bow Utile after all Ib tbe value of money, and reaMfced In agony of soul tbat 'should j a man give all tbe substance of bis boose j for love it would be utterly contemned.91 1 ; He may Indeed love bis money yet ; bat | I be knows tbat be loves Ssra more. 