Theatrical Topics. The Gaiety Theatre will be reopened to morrow (Saturday) night by a burlesque and variety company, under the management of Mr. Percy St. John. The company will In* olude Mr. A. G. Poulton and Misa Lizzie Hastings. There was only a moderate attendance at the Theatre Royal last Friday, and Mr. Fred Dark was also deserted by some of those who had promised to assist him. Mr. D. B. M'Swaine was unable, by reason of a throat affection, to sing, but no others Bent satisfactory explana tions. Nevertheless, Mr. Dark and his Mends gave a really capital entertaiament. The benefioiary himself was in good form, and his impersonations were all exceedingly well re ceived. Our Sydney correspondent wired as follows on Monday: At the Theatre Royal "The Golden Ladder," whioh has had a very success ful rnu, was replaced on Saturday night by 11 London Day by Day." The piece was well aoted and well mounted, and reoeived with every mark of appreciation by a crowded house. Messrs. Brough and Boucicault produced " The Colonel " at the Criterion on Friday night. The aoting was hardly up to the standard of this oompaoy, but the piece was nevertheless well rendered. There is no falling off iu the attendance at the Garriok Theatre, where " Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," with John L. F. Sheridan "in the title role, has been played nightly to delighted audienoes. At Her Majesty's, "My Jack" oonlinues to hold the boirds, but will bo re placed next Saturday by the " Corsioan Brothers." The minor shows have a'eo been well attended. Oar Melbourne telegram on Monday was to the following effeot: At th6 Prince** The Old Guard" is attracting Urge audienoes. At the Theatre Royal "Moth**' was super seded on Saturday night by Transported for Life." Mr. and Mrs. Darrell took the prin cipal parts, and the performance was a great success. The Brongn and Boucicault Comedy Company reopened at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday with an excellent performance of the "Schoolmistress." At the Opera Home the Clara Merivale Oper*. Company is still performing "Falka" with great success. " Evangeline " will be produced for the first time in Australia on the 27tb instant, when the company-, which recently arrived with Mr. James M'Hahou from America, will be incor porated . with t* e present opera company* At the Alexandra Theatre the JDampler Com* ~ any gave an excellent performance of "The fages oi Sin " to a large audience. Miss Zoe La j ton, the actres?, who was walk* ing from San, Franoueo to New York on a wager, reached Buffalo January 29, nearly a day late. At the New Olympic, London, Mr. Wilson Barrett has in preparation an original play in three acts by Mr. Charles Hudson, entitled " Father Bonaparte." An extremely feeble burlesque, entitled "Mdlle. Cieopatra," has appeared at the Avenue Theatre, London.. It is probably destined to a bhort career, and neither' the writing nor the acting calls for special com* ment. i. Mr. Arthur Law's three-act farce, "Cul prits," produced in March at Terry's, London, had been long expected. It was in Mr. Terry's hands before the first performance of "Sweet Lavender," but, although tried with much sue* cess at Liverpool, had not previously been seen by Londoners. Miss Adelaide Moore, we regret to say, has been struck down at San Francisco. She was playing in " Borneo and Juliet" one night, and after the potion scene was found lying on the stage unoonsoious. A doctor was called, and pronounced the trouble to be chronio rheumat ism of the heart. A burlesque on " The Dancing Girl" has been written by Mr. Campbell Bae- Brown,and is to be shortly produced. This piece of irrev erence, directed against a playwright who takes himself and his art as seriously as Mr. Jones, will no donbt attraot some attention. It is to be called " The Pranoing CHrl." By permission of Mr. Irving, the meeting of the Boyal General Theatrical Fond was held in the saloon of the Lyoeum Theatre on March 5, under the presidency of 'Mr. Thomas Swinburne. The accounts showed that the receipts for the year amounted to £3,262, and that £2,245 had bjen paid to as* nuitanta. More London theatres! exclaims the European Mail Mr. E. 8. Willard has selected a site near Pall Mall for Willard's Theatre, and Mr; H. H. Morell has found a backer, and will proceed to run up a house near Leicester Square and the Lyrio Club. The building Is to be ready In 12 months, and Miss Fortescue will probably bo leading lady. The " Clubman" in the European Mail, al luding to "The Idler," says: Mr. Joseph Qattoo is a man of many friends, all of whom will be glad to hear of the success of his play. From all accounts, that attistio delineator of baleful depravity, Edward Willard, has rarely had a finer opportunity of making the audience's flesh creep, and the experience is all the more startling to the New Yorkers, who have hither to only made acquaintance with bixb as the respectable Cyrus Blenkarn and the virtuous, if mistaken, Judah Llewellyn. The experiment made at the Vaudeville on February 23 by a baud of young actors, who produoed Ibsen's " Bosmersholm," was fully justified by the result (says the Queen). This weird and gloomy play was new to the crowded audienoe assembled to learn more of the Scandi navian dramatist's methods and to -prove whether Miss Florence Farr, a comparatively unknown actress, was equal to the great and difficult task she had set herself. By this time the story of this extraordinary drama has been made tolerably familiar, bat only those who sat through its four unconventional and fre quently prolix acts can at all realise the power and fasoination of the mystical story unfolded. Mr. Charles Arnold's oolonial experiences will be turned to somewhat novel aocount in his forthcoming tour with " Carl's Folly," a new play by Mr. Clay M. Green, the American dramatist. One of the attractions of this piece is a sheep* shearing scene, in which Mr. Arnold will shear a sheep before the audience, with a pa'ent sheep-shearing machine, in a few minutes! Another is the exhibition of his Newfoundland dog, " The Earl of Highgate" —recently exhibited at the Agricultural Wail —which will isKsoe one of the characters in the play from a tank of real water. Thia is Mr. Vincent Crummles'a pump and tubs with a Tengeance but we hare no doubt the Earl and the sheep will prove attractive. Mrs Brown Potter and Mr. Bellow term!* nated a fonr-weeka' season in Calcutta on February 2S, having played "La Tosea,'* 11 Camilla," "FcouFrou," "David Garriok," Ac. Atthoinvitationof theMaharajahof Bettiah they gave a Shakespearian evening at Gastle Bainey. The drawing-room was occupied by European and native gentlemen, among the latter being representatives of many native States and noble families in various parts of India. The ladies of the household aat in the adjoining rooms, and were able to witness the proceedings through the purdah. The selec tion:) consisted of scenes from 41 Hamlet" and "Romeo and Juliet." The Calcutta English* man says that the perform&noo; was unique in the history of private entertaining in India. Apropos of advanced ideas, Ibsenism in spite of Mr. Buchanan and his critics, to be gaining ground as the colt of the cultured on both sides of the Atlantio The " Clubman " in the European Mail oi March 6 says that Mr. Groin could not find a theatre large enough to accommodate at one performance all the people who wanted to see " Ghosts" on March 15; but then " Ghosts " is an unsavoury play, and the uDp'ets*Tit has always its attractions to some people. 41 Pillars of Sooiety," on the other hand, is a strong and snbtle study in soolal ethics, and Mr. Wilson Barrett's coming per formance of it cannot fail to be extremely interesting. While Mr. Barrett is bringing it out in London, Mr. Willard writes from New York that he is pledged to make it his next prodaotion at the Madison Square Theatre, after the attractions of Mr. Joseph Hntton's grim melodrama, "John Needb&m;*! Double," are exhausted. 