gill! Ml CHAPTER XI. -BLANCHE'S HERO. CHAPTER XII.— THE SPELL OE THE CIRCE. UHAran XIII.— THE TRUANT OF THE HERMITAGE. CHAPTER XTV flltf fUTARlV CHAPTER XV. -IN THE FRIAR'S AVENUE. GHArTEK XVI— UNDER PETTICOAT . GOVERNMENT. CHAPTER XVII.— THE WIDOW OPENS THE BATTLE. CHAPTER XVIII— COLONEL CLIF- mi?n nmvs nunnuo CHAPTER xix— MRS. RIVERS' ' MASKED BATTERY. ' ' CHAPTER xx— BEFORE THE STORM. CHAPTER xxi— STAY AND fPARE NOT. CHAPTER xxii— MACLEAN'S VALET. CHAPTER XXIII— THE SECRET OF MO R DAL NT WASTE. CHAPTER XXIV— A GHOSTLY VISIT. CHAPTER XXV— FALLING INTO EDEN. CHAPTER XXVI— FACE TO FACE. CHAPTER XXVII— A SHOT IN' THE DARK. CHAPTER XXVIII— THE MORNING AFTER- chapter XXIX. - blanche's "linniw » CHAPTER XXX— MISS FERNLEIGHS' LAST. CHAPTER IX. — Continued. " You, Blanohe, love I Have I been asleep ? Really I had no idea — ' " Where is the general 1 " Blanche exclaimed wildlv. " What have vou done with him, Mrs. Rivers?" " I done with him 1 My dearest Miss Clifford—1 ' 4 And then she, too, came to a dead lock, with a gasp of consternation at sight of the vacant bed. " Good Heavens I What can have happened I The last I remember is giving him a drink arid resuming my seat. I felt very drowsy, and dropped asleep without knowing it. I never woke since. And the general — oh, Blanche, Blanche, what can have hap pened ? " She clasped her hands, and looked up in pale affright in the stern, beauti ful face, colorless as marble. The clear, strong, violet eyes met full the tearful black ones with a long, power ful gaze. And the black eyes drooped and fell, and the widow covered her face with both slender hands, sob bing. " You will never forgive me for fall ing asleep — I know it — I deserve it. But, oh, dearest, dearest Blanche, in deed I could not help it." " Alarm the bouse, Armande ! " Blanche said, turning away, her voice ringing in its high command. " Search every nook and corner. You will ac company me, Mrs. Safforth. He must have arisen in his sleep and wandered somewhere. We will find him dead, in all likelihood, in one of the vacant. rooms." She had loved the stern old man very dearly, but she shod no tear now. It was the hour for action, not for weeping, and Mrs. Rivers' sobs were the only ones in the room. Blanche's first act was to lift the pillows and look for the will. It was gone. She glanced at the weeping widow with a cynical eye, and led the way from the sick room. The search began. They hunted everywhere — all- in vain. Through every corner of the deserted old house, from cellars to garret, they looked, but not the slightest trace of the missing invalid. As mysteriously as though the earth had opened and swallowed him up General Clifford had vanished, Harry was sent for — the authorities of Dareport were aroused — a thorough and vigilant search began. All in vain. Through house and grounds — through every nook and corner — no trace of the missing man. Ponds and pools were dragged, and many things were brought up, but not the dead body of General Clifford. They spent a week in the fruit less search. The whole county was up in wonder and horror at the astounding mystery. And most vigi lant amid those tireless seekers was Mrs. Rivers, ever pallid and tearful, full of remorse for that dreadful slumber into which she had been be guiled, and so anxious to make her peace once more with "dearest Blanohe." But Miss Clifford turned away with a face like stone, an un utterably bitter heart, and rigidly compressed lips. Since that fatnl morning she had never spoken one word to the woman who, in her secret soul, she felt convinced, in some mys terious and unheard-of way, had spirited off bodily the old general and the will. And to deepen the dark mystery of Mordaunt, though a second telegram had been sent him, Edward Clifford came not. CHAPTER X. "THE CHIEF OP LARA IS RETURNED AGAIN." Seven miles away, where the waves of the ceaseless sea washed the shingly shore, under the broiling seaside sun, there nestled the little fishing village of Fernleigh. And high up on the coast stood the great house, with its grand old park — .Fern- leigh Wood, They were one of the oldest county families, the Fernleigbs — and the present baronet and General Clifford had been close friends, as well as neighbors, when both were at home, which was not often. And among all who were shocked — nay stunned — by the incomprehensible mystery at Mor daunt, none felt it half as profoundly as Sir Everard Fernleigh. Three weeks had passed away, and the searcli was about given over in despair. Not the faintest clue to guide them had been found. The most artful of artful detectives from Scotland- Yard had been summoned, and this profound guesser of unguessable riddles set his brains at work to no purpose. And at last they were fain to give it over, and trust to time to lift the dark mystery shrouding the fate of the pocr old general Sir Everard Fernleigh paced slowly up anddown the summer drawing-room — an exquisite apartment, all silver and azure — a carpet like drifted snow, and rosebuds — and pictures, each a gem. Flowers bloomed luxuriously in the wide windows, and birds sang nmid the flowers, for Sir Everard was an epicure of the eye as well as of the palate, and wanted all things pretty and sweet about him. The sun was- -flinging red lances of fire amid the brown boles of the giant trees in its westward way ; but the baronet still wore a picturesque dress ing-gown of violet velvet, that clung about him not unlike a Roman toga. Having nothing earthly to do, and. nothing earthly or heavenly to think of, he was a victim to' that terrible complaint which the French call " la maladie sans maladie" — the '.'disease without a disease " — and fancied him self at death's door or thereabouts, a fragile blossom, ready to be nipped by the first chill gale. He had been 'pretty well over every nook in the continent, and now, in liis 58th year, had returned to Fernleigh for good. He had married very late in life, to retrieve his ruined fortunes — squan dered at the gaming table — an heiress rich as a fcmalo Rothschild and ugly as a Hottentot, who had just lived long enough to present him with one daughter, and depart in peace. Sir Everard had buried her in the family vault, with jirofouh'dest resignation, gone into mourning, sent the infant away to a widowed aunt in Yorkshire, and thanked his lucky stars that had given him a second fortune, and rid him of an unlovely wife. He did not quito forget tho little waif left behind, he desired that she should be named Adeline, after his mother, sent quar terly cheques to the widowed aunt, and requested that the best tutors should be had for her as she grew up. For 16 years he remained abroad, then, wearied nearly to death of him self and all the world, he had returned to Fernleigh, and for the first time had the pleasure of making his daughter's acquaintance. The pleasure was a very doubtful one. The widowed aunt had died some six years before, and Miss Fern leigh had spent her existence in a con tinual round of boarding-schools. She had never remained in one long some how and the . directress always heaved a sigh of relief, and muttered a " thank Heaven >' when safely rid of her. Sir Everard, a tall,, thin, patrician- looking person, with delicate feet and hands, and hypersensitive nerves came within an ace of swooning with horror at first sight of his daughter and heiress. She was short, she was stout — dreadfully stout — she had a fat round face, intensely red cheeks,, a nose that turned up, a voice shrill and high, thick ankles, and sandy hair. With all this, the dumpy little damsel had had a narrow escape from being pretty. She had two big, surprised blue eyes, that laughed in your face as you looked — teeth that out-glittered pearls, and a skin like winter snow. And the red- brown hair ran in wild curls and kinks and ripples and waves over the most beautiful, the plumpest, the whitest neck in , the world ; and- she had the warmest heart, the best temper, and the clearest laugh of any young lady in the three kingdoms. She had a tendency towards the " fast," she could gallop at the heels of the hounds in her riding-habit, taking hedges and ditches helter- skelter, risking her neck every day of her life with a ready recklessness that was positively delightful. She had -a score of dogs, big and little, at her command ; she sang " Champagne Charlie " with the ensigns and cornets over at Dareport, ond was summed up by those youthful warriors in that one expressive adjeotive, "jolly." As the lord of Fernleigh Wood paced slowly up and down the long drawing-room, whilst the August sun set filled the room with lurid glory, the door was thrown impetuously open, and Miss Fernleigh, with cheeks more like peonies than ever, bounced in. She wore a riding-habit of purple cloth, a purple cap with a long white plume set jauntily sideways on her dancing curls ; and certainly, if not a Venus de Medici, was as bright a little English lassie as one might wish to see. " Papa,1' she breathlessly cried, "they've had news, at Mordaunt ; they've had another letter from Ed ward 1" The tall baronet glanced down at her and went placidly on with his gentle saunter. " Adeline, how often must I request you not to bounce in upon me in this abrupt manner, or call out in that shrill falsetto? If your nerves are made of cast-iron mine are not." \ "Fiddle ! " Miss Fernleigh came very near saying, but she held in in time. " He says, papa, he's been ill again, but they may expeot- him shortly. Blanche showed me the letter — such a nasty, cold, unfeeling scrawl. He doesn't even say he is sorry for the poor dear old general's fate. If Blanohe weren't a downright goose about lots of things she'd be glad and thankful that the general had sense enough to take that stupid will with him, wherever lie's gone to, How can she set such store by him — this fellow Edward, I mean — I can't undercom- stumble." "Adeline!" criod Sir Everard, in horror. " Undercome— good heavens 1 What did you say ? " " Beg your pardon, papa ! " said Miss Fernleigh, rebuked. " I forgot — I won't say it again. But I will say this Edward Clifford is a flat and a fluke — there ! " " Miss Fernleigh ! " said her father, with awful severity, " if you talk any more slang I shall order you out of the room. When does Edward Clifford say he is coming ? " "Shortly — that's all. He said it before, and he didn't coine. They're going to leave Mordaunt and go back to Clifford Park. Poor dear, darling Blanche, can't bear tho sight of tho place now ; she does take on dreadful, papa, when there's nobody to see her but me. And it's my opinion she blames it all on that nasty, smiling, sugary ,cat, Mrs. Rivers.' " Nonsense, Adeline « Blame it on Mrs. Rivers ! What wild absurdity ! Miss Clifford has a little common- sense, if you have not. Such a pre posterous idea never entered her mind." "Very well, papa," responded Ade line, with a shower of -nods ; " think so if you like, but it's true. She doesn't like Mrs. Rivers, and no more do I. I hate people who say ' yes, dear,' and no, love,' every time 1 tell them it's a fine day. Mr. Wellor says, ' Beware of vidders,' and I agree with Mr. Weller. I expect to bo one some day myself; but i shan't be a ' widow' be- witohed,' like Mrs. Rivers." " Mrs. Rivers is a very elegant and lady-like person, Miss Fernleigh," Sir' Edward said, sternly, " whom I most ardently wish you would take for a model, if Lady Grey would consent to part with her, and she would con sent to come, nothing would give me more pleasure than to have her here as companion and instructress for you. Youf ignorance of the commonest accomplishments, of the most ordinary rules of etiquette, is sonrethingf rightful. You talk slang, you ride, you fish, you shoot, you sing comic songs, you know no more of 'the art of dress than a South African bello. Good heavens, Adeline Fernleigh ! if you had been born the daughter of the lowest chaw- bacon in Sussex, you could hardly have been worse." " I wish I had been born the daughter of a chaw bacon, or a fisher man, or a gipsy, 'or a strolling-player, or something else, free and jolly, responded Miss Fernleigh, sulkily; " I don't want to be' 'formed,' and play stupid fugues, and monastery bells, and storms, and variations, and songs without words, and rubbish like that, on tho piano, and have all tho lan guages, living and dead, at my fiDgers' ends, and addle my brains over M'Culloch and Adani Smith and Hugh Miller and the rest of tiie dreary old fogies. I know enough French to read Dumas and George Sund in the ori ginal, and I can play hornpipes and the highland fling, and I can waltz down any girl of my years and inches in the county. Everybody likes me but you, papa, and I wouldn't be like that artificial, simpering, smooth tongued, white cat of a widow for a kingdom." With which Miss Fernleigh bounced indignantly out of the room, and plumped head foremost into the arms of a tall footman in the act of usher ing a lady into the drawing-room. The lady was Mrs. Rivers, bewitch- ingly dressed, and all her siren smiles in full play. Adeline rebounded like an india- rubber ball out of the electrified foot man's arms, and was gone like a flash. " When we speak of the devil- " said Miss Adeline. . " What on, earth brings her here ? Blanche can't have turned her out, and she can't be com ing to beg papa to take lier in. Did she make away with the general, I wonder, or was it the prior's ghost. I'm not a coward. I'd face a "five-foot wall or the cholera morbus any day ; but i wouldn't sleep a night in that dreadful old house — no, not if they were to make mo a present'of it. It's exactly like the ' Castle of Otranto,' or the ' Mysteries of Udolpho,' that i read when i was a little girl, and i shouldn't be a bit surprised to seo one of those grim old fellows in the picture gallory step out of his frame, and ask mo how I found myself. If that - widow's' coming here to form me, I won't be formed. I won't give up Bell's Life, and take to High Church novels, and I won't resign my three hours gallop with those ducks of 'subs over at Dareport for three hours' hard strumming on papa's grand piano. I' won't learn geology and mineralogy, or any other ology — no, not for all the widows this side of Jericho !" . Miss Fernleigh went up to hor own suite of apartments, and banged doors, and pitched things about in a high state of temper, and not without cause, for she had unwittingly guessed very near the truth. In the "drawing-room Mrs. Rivers sat, her lace handkerchief to her eyes, her voice Jost in suppressed sobs. She was one of those fortunate women, this little widow, who can cry without red dening their noses, or swelling their eyes, or making their Complexions generally like speckled trout. The soft black eyes looked up at you like stars through mist ; the glistening drops fell — not too fast, nor too many — off the pearly cheeks, without a stain be hind ; and the widow's rouge was the production of high art, and did not wash off. She sat — beauty drowned in tears — her voice faltering, her great eyes gazing piteously up at the baronet. Sir Everard sat , opposite, gravely playing with a " paper knife, and listening to the widow's tale of woo. . "Miss Clifford dislikes and distrusts you?" he was repeating. "My dear madam, she cannot be so unjust as to fancy you in any way accessory to her uncle's lamentable disappearance. Miss Clifford is a young lady of common sense, at lease." " Prejudice is stronger than common sense," Mrs. Rivers answered, sadly. " I am very, very unhappy at Clifford Park. Lady Grey is goodness itself ; but Lady Grey's daughter — ah, Sir Everard, you have no idea how miserable one woman can make another —how terribly merciless she can be, particularly when her victim is friend less and alone, as I am.'1 " And yet that is not like Blanohe Clifford. She was always the most generous, the kindest hearted, the most gracious to those beneath " tho baronet pulled himself up shortly. "However, as you say, prejudice in this case may be stronger than gene rosity. And, my dear madam, if you really wish to leave Lady Grey, why not come here ? I desire a companion exceedingly for my daughter, and I know of no one whom I would so greatly like to see filling that office as yourself." The widow clasped her hands, and the soft black eyes looked speechless ecstacies of gratitude. " Oh, thanks, Sir Everard — a thou sand thanks' ! It is what I have been hoping for most ardently, but scarcely dared to ask. The meagre annuity left me by my late husband would barely suffice to keep me in clothing, and then he died deeply involved, and those debts I try in my poor way to pay," the lace handkerchief in requisi tion again. " Dear Sir Everard, you have made me very happy. I knew I should find a true friend in you." The baronet bowed, very well pleased. It was something very new to him, this coming out as a philan thropist, and decidedly pleasant. A pretty young widow, figuratively at your feet, kissing the hem of your garment, is not without its intoxica tion, when, you are an elderly widower of 50 odd, with an eye loft still for the fine points of a woman. " You will'do us the honor of dining with us, Mrs. Rivers," the baronet said, in bis most stately manner. " I am still in my morning-gown, as you see, but the wretched state of my health imust-r — " " Dear Sir Everard, ' Mrs. Rivers said, rising and interrupting him, "pray offer no apology — we all know the sad state of your health. Ah, life has many drawbacks, even for the good. I will not remain to-day — thanks, dear Sir Everard — 1 must re turn to Clifford in time to dine with Lady Grey, and break the news of my speedy departure. She will grieve sin cerely, I know — she really cares for poor little lonely me." " A not very difficult task, I should imagine," Sir Everard said, blandly. " I congratulate myself and my daughter on our good fortune,. When will you come, Mrs. Rivers, to brighten our rather dull old house ?" " I will come next week-. This is Friday — on Monday, then probably. My preparations are few and easily made, and the sooner I leave the better Miss Clifford will be pleased. It is very hard to be so misjudged.; but thanks to your great goodness, dear Sir Everard,. I can even bear more than that. Accept the warmest thanks of a grateful heart, and allow me to bid you good day. A gush of perfume — she lifted his long, lean hand, all sparkling with splendid rings, to her lips, and kissed it impetuously — a last tender glance of the luminous black eyes — a swish of silk, and tho elegant widow was gone. "Really," Sir Everard Fernleigh thought, settling himself in his easy chair, and looking complacently at his pink finger nails, " a most elegant and thoroughly ladylike person. She will light up our dreary rooms, like one of Greuze's plump beauties stepped out of its frame. Her manners are perfec tion, and her eyes the finest I think I ever saw. That Rivers must have been rather a happy fellow. It is to be hoped she will succeed in toning down that terrible child, Adeline. Heavens above, to think that I should be parent to such a bouncer as that." The widow drove home through the amber mist of the sunset, her face as luminous with triumph as the radiant sky. " 'I came — I saw — I conquered 1' " she thought, with an exultant little laugh. " I can afford to cry quits with you now, my uplifted Princess Blanche ! When I write my name Lady Fernleigh, who will be con- queress then? And I'll do it, too, before the year ends, if Dame Fate, who has stood my. friend so long, does not desert me at the supreme hour and send that detestable Edward Clifford here to betray me. And yet he may come, and not know me, after all." She reached the house as the silvery liaze of the summer twilight was fall ing, and ran up at once to the drawing- room. But in the doorway she paused, for Blanche Clifford stood talking to her mother, with that fixed, inflexible look on lier pale, beautiful face, the widow had learned to know so well. My lady's handkerchief was at her eyes. Neither noticed the eaves dropper in the door. " It is very unkind — it is frightfully cruel of you, Blanohe," my lady said, in a whimpering voice ; " but you al ways were as obstinate as a mule. Do you suppose Grace Rivers carried off the poor dear general bodily and buried him alive ? Even then they would have found his bones. The idea of your blam ing her is too monstrous. How could she help dropping asleep any more than Armande, and Safforth? and you don't dream of accusing them. You Call yourself a Christian, Miss Clifford, and you attend church two or three. -times of a Sunday, and you visit wretched sick paupers in Dareport in their filthy little rooms, and read the Bible to them, and all that, and you think nothing next moment of turning round and accusing an innocent person of murder. Very consistent religion yours is, indeed (TO BE CONTINUED.) 