i NOTES FRIOM GREAT BRITAIN. ( (FRno OUv EDsMBUROH CORRESPONDINT.) EDINXBUGH, OcT. 8. 3i. GLAIDTONE. AND 111s PROdflUAaM The National Liberal Federation heli.jt annual mcetings last week at Newcastle-on Tyne. Dr. Spenco WaHon presided over the nathoring in his own city. A great effort was made to overcome the prevailing political indifference. The leaders of the party were present in force, and in view of the approach. ing general election, strenuous efforts were made by them to set foit'h their programme in an attractive form. It is unnecessary to record the. series of resolutions in which this was attempted. We have become familiar with most of them. Moro important was the great speech delivered by Mr. Gladstone, in which he set himself, not without signs of stain and inconvenience, to give a provisionail outline of his pro gramme for the "coming campaign. The veteran leader has evidently learned during the last twelvemonth that his party must show themselves to be in advance of their opponents in regard to British as well as Irish politics. In this speech, Irish Home Rule did not occupy the first place. The ordor in which the topics were treated is as fol lows: '], Shortened duration of Parliaments. z 2\. Re-adjustment of taxation. 3.. Economy in public administration. 4.. Relief rotl the occupation of Egypt. 5\. Rdtform .of the liquor traffio laws on the principle'of local option and local veto. 6\. Disestablishment in Scotland and Wales. 7\. Reform of'th House of Lords. 8\. Home Rulofor.Ireland. 9\. Amenedment:of electoral registration, and application of the principle of one man one vote. : ,, -. t 10\. Efficient enfranchisement of lodgers. E I1. Paymenteof election expenses from public fundsd. ,"*- v " -, 11<-*. t . 3 12\. Payiment ofT 'Parliamentary represonta. ii tives. . 13\. Establishment of district and parish I councils, with.compulsory powers of acquiring i laud. . --.. . -vr'-.- -i. 14\. Land law reform, including abolition of entail and simplification of transfer. S15. Reductionaof.hoursotlabour. Mr. J.Tohn Morley''sa -sititled to say that the Liberil-yparty -i?d' received from their leader a programme "which was calculated to stir the dcep6et-energy and to rouse the sincerest convictions of every mn with a spark of Liberalism in him. But the list is so enormous that to deal with even one-half of the mattersit contains would o.cupy many r years. It is curious that in this speech Mr. Gladstone made no allusion to the phy-ical improbability of his taking part " m the solution of any save one of the great; questions mentioned by him. It has ei been seen of late that the extremoago of their le leader, and his own'frequent references to it, a are exercisinr 'a depressing influence upon Liberals. Mfr. Glidstone, therefore, speaks e! out as if he himself were to conquer the land g which he only doscrica afar off. If he. be al spared to come into power, it is clear that he w will firt tackle Irish Home Rule, preparin hi himself for a conflict with the House o m Lords over it, and that the British measure ai which will be advanced alongside of the Ba Irish Bill will be one of electoral reform. For the rest, Mr. Gladstone seemed to throw t out hints that those who could push their pet c" projocte most vigorously would be most m likely to secure the front places. cu MunRE IlYE-LECTIONS. t Meanwhile we are watching two election o contests. Sir James Fergusson having be. th come Postmaster-General and Lord Advo- - cate Roberteon having promoted himself to t( be Lord President of the Court of Session, ,m their seats for North.east Manchester and e, Buteshire respectively have become vacant. Very little interest is felt in the contest for the latter. Bute is a Conservative strong- T. hold, where Mr. Robertson was elected in 1886 by 1, 36- votes over 810 given for his opponent. Mr. Graham Murray. the new Solicitor. General for Scotland, has therefore no very hard battle to fight against his Liberal opponent, Mr. M'Culloch, a candidate whose principal achievement has been the extracting th from Mr. Gladstone a letter more favourable mi to Home Rule for Scotland than almost any Bn other declaration of his has been. In Man ohesterthe Postmaster-General has a much a more difficult business on hand. He is once shi more opposed by Mr. C. P. Scott, a gentleman , of great lo'alinfluence, who at the last election lost the seat by. only 337 votes out of a total gr of 7,033. There is considerable anxiety in ca Conservative circles lest' tho Government th, should sustain another defeat in the person of f the youngest member of the Cabinet. The Liberals are correspondingly elated, and the 61 contest is being carried on with supreme he energy and determination on both sides. mi " OLDO'MORA.aIT."' " A shadow has been cast upon both sides of the political world by the death of the First his Lord of the Treasury and loader of the House pa of Commons. More and more during recent th< years had Mr. W. H. Smith won the confi- se enco and affection of the House and of the country. Men used to laugh at him as a T leader ; but especially since his health gave pu signs of failing, it has been manifest thatbhe am had no enemies, and now all unite in giving wi him the rare praise of having been a good co man. " Old Morality" was the nickname which Mr. Luuy in 1'unrh had taught the gr world to give him. And it meant" that eca though he was often dull and commonplace, ha yet he was true, and just, and kind, without po affectation and without meanness.- The tht House was led by an English gentleman while he led it, and the democracy were not Irn displeased by remenribriritf that he had laid on the foundation of his splendid position by the nhe labour of his own hands, when in the old Tv days ho was noted as an expert in packing jul the issues of the Sin, newspaper for transmis- tal sion throughout England -by the malls.: In all probability he will be succeeded as-leader se( of the Commons by Mr. Balfour. an TaciL aAhitcs niF noric IN GoASGOW. ho The corporation of Glasgow have conferred the freedom'of'their city on the Marquis of ne Bute, and got him in return to re- open their an Mitchell Library, in Miller street. The co0 honour was intended as a mark of graiti nu tude to him for his munificent gift P' to the university of a common hall, which " cost £45,000. In accepting it, the Marquis delivered an address of a fine and rare arch- n aeological flavour, in which ho complimented le that commercial city on her interest in intel- ph lectual pursuits, warned her great population l of the importance of caring for their physique, Ph and announced his continued adhesion to the view that Scotland and Wales, as well as "P Ireland, while living in the friendliest rela- ha tions with England, deserve to be entrusted th with the management of their own affairs. The Mitchell Library was founded on a ' bequest of £67,000 by the late Mr. Stephen ho Mitchell. It was opened 14 years ago with 14.000 volumes. It now contains 89,000, and it is reported that of 4,680,000 volumes issued ab to readers less than 10 per cent. have been works of fiction. This speaks well of he the intellectual diligence of the people of at Glasgow. tat cnUncn o CONOnrss IN SrLF-DrFENCEt. The Church Congress has met this wi year at Rhyl for the purpose of giving an imposing' testimony against diseso tabliahment' in Wales. The first day's an proceedings were devoted to proving to the thn Welsh people that they ought to love the tie Church of England as established among se them and to uphold her. The effect of loa sermons, presidential addresses; and confer ences alike were.auspiciously like that of a asr Primrose League gathering. The Arch- un bishop of Canterbury went so far as to ph say that it' would" -be' truer and more historical to speak of the Church of br Woals in England than of the Church of tw England in Wales. They had had a com- we mon church 150 years before they had had a an common state. This is argument of a kind ce, that goes over the heads of the masses. mi More understandable by them is the kind of eht talk in which the Bishopof Chester indulged. They were compelled, he said, to draw the vi( sword of self-defence, and they would not ste lay it down until the Liberationists had laid on down the bludgeon and the stiletto ! No a1l wonder that the Bishop of Salisbury cau- c tioned the congress against dealing in sting ing epithets towards their nonconfoimist te2 brethren. And he would also have them hil refrain' from close alliance with any political ob party. But after the recent proceedings at Newcastle.on.Tyne,whatisleftforthem to do? k I' norosED ScoTIrII OrcnrrTl'IA. do A company has bten formed in Glasgow, an under thochairmanship of Mr. James Camp- to bell, of .Tilliechewan, for the purpose of = establirhing and maintaining an efficient orchestra for Scotland. Hitherto the Glasgow Orchestrnl Society, in co-operation with the Choral Union, have brought together an orchestra for somine three months of the year. bei ThiS'band of musicians, under the bditne of Mr. August Manns, of the Crystal Palace, , have served Glasgow very well, and their mc services have also been utilied in other parts i. olf the country. Bnt, of course, the highest tt resiilts could not be looked for from an ( orchestra composed'of varying olomonts, and Jo prnctising tnethor'only fora bhort season in j tach year. The prorimoters of the new company p T, entertain the hope that they will be able to .pr?tide i'ifa m6?d?felicient sebvioo o musicn for all the cntres of population where there is any demand for it. A capital of £50,000 is asked for, and a considerable part of it has boon already subscribed. In some quarters a te doubt is expressed ot the capacity of Scotla nd, with its comnparatively email population, to e suiort al large orchestra. But the scheme t deserves to Bt0eed. lr AIw.Ar. ruorFfT. The reports of our three leading railways, Caledonian, North British, and Glasgow and SSouth-Western, for the half-year ending at midsummer, show an extraordinary fall in S'profits, as compared with the corre sponding period of last year. The Glas gow and South-Western has fallen from £100,564 to £101,537, the Caledonian from £504,288 to £519,083, the North British from £587,991 to £150,650. These great losses are not due to diminished trailic over the whole, but are largely caused by the necessity of reorganising their management and work ing expenses under which the companies found themselves after the great strike in the oearlypart of the present year. A large part of what the shareholders thus lose has gone into 'the pocketa of the emnploy?s, 'hd' another large par has gone into rolling stoik: and plant, the purchase: of which -. was rendered unavoidable by theo men's demands. It all "tends towards a fairer distributiori of wealth. But thoshareholdors don't lik'it. e irTeinSTriro JUIOLELE. Before visitiig Newcastle-on-Tyne Mr. Gladstone. visited Trinity College, Glenal mend, and took part in thea celebration of its jubilee. The college is situated in one of the remote and lovely districts of Perthshire, and was fouaded in 1841, chiefly through the exetions' of Mr. Gladstone himself, to provide 'within the bounds of Scotlaiad'for the c highir odrication of the Episcopalian gentry. a The-ollegehas flourished, and a new wing is beli :built, the foundation.stone of whiot h waa'lasido the jubilee day by IMr. Gladstoiie. The-i'owel bfferied to hun for the. purpose f oere the 'insicription - "To her foniider, t 'William Ewart Gladstone, in the year of her I J?bilee, a- grateful, Glenalmond gives the it builder's tool to finish where he began." ' Aidd the stoneno wa laid with these r chiaracteristie words from his lips-" In the o faith of Jesus Christ we place this stone in n the foundation', in the name of the Father, c andof the Son, and of the Holy .Ghost, that , here true faith may flourish with the fear of b God and brotherly lovoe and that this place ft may be set apart for instricetion in' the doc- d trine of Christ and for. other good works, to a, the praise and glory of ourLord Jesus Christ, tl who liveth and reigneth with the 'Father and b the Holy Ghost, ever one God, worldwithdut lI end. Amen." Some people were amazed to vi learn that the man who spoke thus was next a' standing on the platform with Mr. John 8a Marley, ,and giving his approval to the die- h establishmentcf the churches.' .But the reli- el giousness of the great stateenuan's character T abides as his predominant characteristic, and 9 .with his 50 years of mature observation be- m bind him, .h told his audience at Glenal- tk mend" that the clerical 'profession was ft as noble now as ever. "Rely upon it," he ft said, " that the objects of the profession are fe the highest objects that any man can propose tt to himself, and rely upon it that the ditl th culties in which it is now involved from the fo movements of doubt and scepticism are diffi- h culties which are only intended to try the G temper of the weapon. and to raise it to a th still higher point. There is nothing that has to come into the field that is going to supplant at the old religion of your fathers." Old Bishop ll Wordsworth, of St. Andrew's, his Oxford is tutor, was by his aide. The two old men at may disagree in many things. In these so sentiments they are at one. th 