THE END OP THE DEBATE. To-day the general debate 011 the reso lutions, notv before the Federation Con vention has been brought - to a close. The discussion av.is an able One, and Avorthy of any representative Chamber, in. tlio AYorld. Every speaker care-, fully prepared . himself for his . Avorlc,: and . in---- delivering - his address- justified tho vote of the persons avIio' isent; him; to the Convention.; If a- doubt existed in ;tho mind of ; any indi vidual - concerning the fitness : of the Australian 'peoplo to, completely \- m linage .thoii" own affairs itanust-have been: destroyed-- , by - -thisUliistorical debate. ' The House of Commons represents more -than 30,000,000 of 1 people; and the Convention less than i 5,000,000, ; i.'but : the i -'former . i insti- ; tution-;3 ' icould .not produce - - an i equal - number of men more capable of discussing- a great, politioal question: :than the meinbers ot the Convention p nor does ' the- - English Hansard con-: 1 .'tain . stronger specimens ot oratory (than those Avhich havo been furnished- by tlio Australian .dolegalJos sitting in the' LogislatiA'e Assembly Chamber. i"Witli foiv exceptions there Avas no superfluous inattor in the speeches that have been dohvered by the delegates ; theyi-Avero packed Avith thought, and .the - thought : aa'as expressed in the foyest possible Avords compatible with lucidity. -The example the delegates set is one 'that the - members of the several Australian -Legislatures Avould do' Avell- to follow. If a member of tho Convention can deliver a comprehon- sivo-speeci'On:Foderat-ion in an hour, purely any of : the peoplo's reprosenta- tivesrin Parliament could .deal with the merits of any ordinary local -, sub ject in that time. 1 , - A great : deal" of the discussion in the Convention Avas concentrated on the subject of Federal versus State Sovereignity. Some of the delegates favored the Canadian system; others supported that of tho "United States ; whilst the remainder thought the true policy would be to adhero to the model furnished by the British Constitution. Mr. - "M'Millan Avould- - reduce the several-provinces to mere municipali ties. Thus,1, in his speedy yes terday, he said, "When they "came to "consider this question. " wlijcki had been- called Stato rights, " or) '/more properly, State interests, what ivere tliey ? .What wero these " .provinc.es but purely machinery for " purpotfes-'-'of - -local government, for " doing exactly jn certain areas Avhat was done in municipal areas?". This'v- stfttOinent: : Avas' ' promptly and emphatically '-negatived by; a large number of the mem bei's of the; Convention. If the Con stitution that the (delegates cAvill form, provides' foi" the- concon tration of all power in :the -Fedoral Parliament, and the j- .consequent degradation ufr ., the several -provinces, /they may -be assured ' thafc-numbers of- tliO'Constituoncies.Avill. itear tho document in pieces; ("'"Strange- . to say, Mr. DitAiciij, from whom better, 'things, might/ have /-been-: expected,, (appears , to- siclo : witn the ilSow. South , AYales'-Treasyror. - During his speech; he quoted tlio long list of prerogatives, possessed 'bj'.bho:3>ominion-Pariiament; in Canada, and challenged /anybody to, point out' that -any : of/those involvod- :an>invasion of. State rights. ;,. JTe may; boii'informecli that in- Canada there, is a very strong fooling r that: they do involve such an. invasion-; .and i it articles 111 /leading -reviews , may be ; reliedrupon/tho- time -is'nofe. far distan t" Avh en the Canadian Cons ti- tution Avill be so amended -as to raise: the( -provinces/above': the level of mere; municipalities. /Concerning the powers that,- should bo, possossod by the two: ; Houses of the proposed Federal Parlia ment,- we- doubt if- the people of Aus tralia, Avould be willing that the Upper; : House should -- have i, similar / privi leges - in " 3 regard to money bills to those enjoyed by the Chamber..; of Rep resen tatives. , ; . AVhy is it necessary tlia t it 1 should - have 1 greater-po wei" than that possessed by the Legislative Councils in- the- several provinces?. The existing system works 1 on the whole - very well,- and - thei'e is mo evidence' that any ouher that has been suggested avouIc! ivork better.: There has-been occasional friction in connection Avith the -existing system, but there , is ,110 guarantee that there Avould not. ,bo oven greater- friction under sany other- sj'stom.- ; Logically, wo -admit,' the Senate should tiavo co ordinate powers with tho Lower House, but -. political constitutions: cannot ; always bo , fonnod in accord ance with strictly logical' rules. Ex perience is the thing- by which states men are to be guided in performing such Avork, 'and' when one folloivs that, guido one , has .somotimcs to take- :a.:,:course that cannot- be defended by a priori ' reasoning. ' / / "With respect: to .the tarittVAve are of the opinion- -that the majority- of the electors' in rN"ew South "Wales are willing that; the subject should be left to.tlie decision ot the Federal .Parlia ment. Sir- Hi3NRY Paiikes' resolutions propose' that there shall be free trade between the - several., provinces, and that the Federal Parliament shall ha\'o the ..sole poAver.,, of levying -Customs duties: : Those s resolutions are ;all. that is -neeessai-y. - It --.would. nob bo proper. : for/ the ..delegates/ to attempt. , to make -Federation condi tional- on/ (Free-trade or Protection boing the.fiscal policy of United Aus tralia., Generally speaking the Pro tectionist/party are willing to trust the Dominion . Legislature in connec tion Avith this- matter, for they are per fectly confident that there is not the ghost of a chance of that body passing a law providing for a tariff for rovenuo only. "Whether - intercolonial Free- trade should - be established simul taneously --with- tho starting of the machinery of : tho Federal Parliament is :a , question that .requires careful con sideration, but New/ South "Wales is -not likely to offer strong opposition to such a policy. \- In, the , debate/ which" ended < this morning some important' subjects . Avore either ignored or > very : imperfectly noticed, but- these will have to bo faced in committee. The public -debt of Australia is one of these questions. In a vory airy manner Mr.. Playford ox- pressed the /opinion; that the Federal Government Avould take charge of the whole amount. -If it does.it will also bo necessary, Ave imagine, to. hand the 'railways. over to tho same- ..authority: Will'tho peoplo consent to that? It is quite probable that the. local Legis-. .laturos .would not be sorry if the rail way - assets- ; Avore federated,- bub a- dargo' 'body of the electors might :be.of a difieront/mind. Tho delegates will, we aro sure,, face this question 111 'committee us -resolutely as: they faced; others in: .the goneral discussion, and the. result, it /may be. hoped, will be a (solution of the " problem -that Avillhe (accepted bv- the, people.. Mr.M'Mu,- ;LAN,paid very truly in. his speeqli tl a ; ithere Averetwo essentials for our central .Government.' It, must be a Government -tlmt .would' 'bring together" the life of the, /people, , 'and, Avhich would aid . the national development-; and -it-must -.be in -all its characteristics, as far as its Chambers - were 'concerned and their powers and privileges, a . Government: that' would- attract all the-.bost men in the community into it -as a centre. The hope is that'as the result of its Avorlc in committeo the Convention will bo able to frame a schcmo providing for such an institut on. 