llt'tixlnvooil IVotcs. (I1Y AN OCCASIONAL CORKKSI'ONDBNT.) Whilst reading the letter by n resident nl the Whytu River Bridge, in your Issue or thu 27th, concerning the site chosen for tiollcc station, ix., I must Jidmii;i was exceedingly amused, asncciullv when I untie,*! flint tim Wliytu Bridge was 'I ho prettiest nml most central Tur such a building.' Where the lieauty uf it Is I'm sure I dont know, nud ns rar as Iwing most central that Is quite n de hMhiii. Anyone who bus Iwcu in or through tho districts tut nny length of time would undoubtedly sanction that tho HcuKlcwnod township is the most central, being In the midst of iinbouiiiliug mineral wealth. The diggers from 1/jng l'lains always come here for their weekly supplies, and even some of the folks from 'Godkins districts ' nra sup plied here. There is u good road for about two miles in length rrom here to 'Godklnsi' which is a pleasure to walk ou in the lino weather, nud yet your correspondent nllirms that the Whyto Bridge Is the most' central. Allow me to stntc that ir I commenced to' enumerate the many claims around us work Ing with payable results, and those likely to be started, I would require a great space In your paper. As a person enters our town ho is nt once confronted witli a handsome es tablishment of a butcher and grocer, where everything can be obtained from 'a needle up to n bullock's tooth.' ? Then - n little further down . is a first class bnkory and grocery, where there Is ? nlways plenty of good fresh bread nud cakes, nnd all kind of groceries. These two in con junction supply tho whole district with everything ; and now wn have another storo creeled, whero all sorts of fancy gowk clothing fruit, etc., will !« discolor! Ou the opposito we have tho hotel, where every tliiiiR ncccnury is on hand; nlso the' |wst olllce nnd various other buildings loo numerous to mention. If the Whyto River' Bridge corresjiondcntican.ln thu face or these facU, maintain that the nbove-namod place /a, Whyto Bridgo, Is the most central and ? prettiest, I think it's time we 'gave mi the Ghost.' It Is true they have n butcher's shop but not a Inker's now— he boil to shake hands with the place, Wciuso he liad nothing to keep him from rusting. And the store keeper says, for a positive fact, that If all hi sold wax prolit he would just have enough to keep him, nnd since then his only support, thu Gregory, ban baen stopped. So the atsiycr they boast of will lie able to make' ns-ays from Ihj mineral which has Ireeii ex trlratcilund publish itforhlsow-u convenience It required. 