TIIE GIRL I LEFT BE HIND ME. Br Emily Beau, i.v a Xkw Tone Jot its al. " Kitty O'Brien. It is certainly an 1 rish name." " And she is the true type of an Irish beauty. A complexion as uhite as alabaster, dark blue eyes, aud liair as black as a raven's wing— the prettiest Kitty the world ever saw." It was my first dinner party since I reached the frontier. I had been in civilisation nearly three years, dining and junketing with rank and tille a good deal of the time, and now I had returned to the regiment to take up iny old life again. It had required just one day to have the floor stained, my rugs laid down, curtains and pictures hung, and my pretty bric-a brac strewn round, with books and ■work-baskets of bright crewels. When night came I was as completely at liome as one could well be, who, at a few hours'' notice would have to pack up one's belongings and be on the wing again. My dinner party consisted of a few old bachelor friends of mv husband, and Frank Stanley, a recent graduate, •whose family were my nearest neigh bors at home. They were anxious about the welfare of the newly-fledged officer. "Do give an eye to Frank," his mother had said to me at parting. " I Lave a perfect dread of his marrying out on the frontier." " Not he," I answered, in perfect good faith. ft fie will, like the rest of the stock, come home to find his fate. Who ever heard of a Stanley marrying any one of a less degree than a cousin r" Winch was a fact I had frequently commented upon, wondering why all the men of that house had but the one ideal for a wife—the soft-haired, soft voiced. sweetly soft-mannered women their family always possessed. " The fashionable beauty is very unlike your description of pretty Kitty. I speak with authority, having just escaped thraldom. Pink cheeks, lily-white skin, and golden hair are the prevailing style," I said, didactically. ''You must not gauge our Kitty by what the world calls fine," answered Major Bliss. " We arc all her devoted knights. Remember, she is the only girl in garrison—the only female we can whisper sweet nonsense to without an indiscretion. To be sure, she is a wild shamrock, and owns but one be witching calico go*vn, which when in the tub forces her also rtito seclusiou. Her mamma understands the laundry business, having experience long before she was the sergeant's wife, or even dreamed of being a captain's wife by j promotion." ! Our major was always cynical, so I j let his information pass without com- j ment. But I heard other badinage, not in the least to the fair Kitty's ! dis&ror;, but rather to her advantage, if a girl's chief duty is to please. All ; that I heard was evidently aimed at Frank. Of course it was quite natural that I should recall what his mother had said when she delivered him over to my care, and I deter mined to do my duty. After dinner 1 beckoned Frank to sit beside me on the sofa, and lie at once began to ask questions of the dear home ones, and to feel a keen interest in neighborhood gossip, as those doomed to a frontier exile only can. I had married when Frank was in jackets, and when I came home on short but much prized visit he was always away—first at school, then at college, and afterward at West Point. Notwithstanding these wide breaches in our acquaintanceship, Frank and I at once slid into the smooth groove of ' friendship (the old tie of home associations binding us tightly), and i I found myself calling him Frank as j liis godmother might have done, and at times scolding him as if he were still in a jacket. Kitty O'Brien was the text of a little sermon oE mine ] before our tcte-a-tete was over. ] " You do not think that there is anything serious with little Kitty?" asked Frank. " Could yau imagine 1 my temerity in introducing her into the home F Jfever fear, I am not in the smallest danger. Kitty is pretty,, and nice to flirt with, but—" I was glad Frank ended his sen tence with a shrug. I dislike to hear a man speak of a flirtation as if he had it all his own way ; and I would have felt bound to express my opinion if he had done so; but the final shru» I could be blind to, and I did not care to quarrel with Frank that evening. Nearly a week had passed before I saw the pretty Kitty. Mrs. O'Brien did not go through the etiquette of a v'sit, though we w ere next door neigh bors ; so it was at one of the bachelor bops that I met the garrison belle. I found her a fresh, pretty girl, who, if devoid of " brogue," was by no means so of Irishisms. Her prettiness had no help from her toilette, tbe calico dress being cn riffle, as the major whispered. Certainly she was the belle of the room, being the only girl in it, and so had any amount of atten tion she pleased to receive, not ham pered by a jealous husband or a regard to appearance, as our married belles were forced to be. I could not help watching Kitty; and, perhaps, be cause I was oppressed by dear Sirs. Siar.ley's provisions of Frank's wife, small things took a suggestive form I would ordinarily never hare dreamed of. The pink glow on Kitty's cheeks deepened into scarlet when Frank C .ui<* ht-r, and her eyelids drooped under his admiring gaze, j while for the other men she had merry glances and a loud but by no means a too free way of jesting with them. I ; am sorry to see a tiuiid love, pretty as ! it is, with either sex. It needs a i broad equality, to my thinking, to be j xuccessfutty happy. 1 did u0t feel at j all assured that the pretty Kitty was in love with f1 rank, for theiractjuaintanco I had scarcely been long enough for ; more than a fancy on her part; and I i am bound to say for Frank I could not I disc-over a bit of the lover iu his ' manner. Kitty was not his lean ideal of a woman, though I shrewdly sus- j peeled a pretty cousin he was cou- I stantly questioning me of was. I Just ten days from that on which I j had laid my rugs and hung my i pictures came marching orders for the j regiment. There was field-work to f be doue, in the shape of hunting Indians, for the summer. Although the orders ivere expected we were all taken by surprise, and there was any amount of grumbling as well as of real annoyance. Many of the officers' families had 110 home to go to, so had to remain in quarters —a most disagreeable position ; for they had no real right to the roof over tbem, and mre forced to depend upon the courtesy and good" temper of the commanding officer for their daily comfort. 1 at once determined to pack my belongings and go home, but to do so at my leisure. (Jn the evening before the march I gladly gave all the bachelors their last civilised dinner, and saw them seated, if not around the hospitable mahogany, a least a pine table well covered with dainty damask. 13ut my second dinner party was by no means as lively as my first, though all of us did our best to be cheerlul. Yet the certainty of separation and the uncertainty of ever meeting again made cheerfulness an effort. Frank Stanley had evidently a dasbof low spirits, though all the winter he had been hoping ior a summer afield, he told me. It was his first campaign^ so of course he was expect ing at least a new experience. But perhaps the knowledge that I was to return to his people gave a touch of j home-sickness to the present moment, i for he sat with me some time after my other guests had left, giving me messages to take home with me. "That certain pretty cousin of the fifth or sixth degree had. so many remem brances, I began to feel sure Hie old family habit of intersaarriase was a^ain in force. Kest raoRiing, in the chill of early day dawn, the regiment was drawn up, prepared for marching. I had lisen, like Mrs. Major O lJowd, to give my colonel his cup of coffee ; or, rather, like that model soldier's wife' I had not gone to fced, but had a sorrowful night of it over a bright cotton-wood Sre; fop home-going loses ils charm "when one leaves the largest share of life's interest behind one. But now the regiment was marching out, de jectedly enough, though the band was playing eheerfully "The Girl I Left Behind Me." The wives were on the porches—many of them with rod eyes —watching the departure. On the porch next my own stood Mrs. Captain O'Brien,, very red in the face, and more dishevelled even than usual I noticed that pretty Kitty was not with her mamma, and for a moment pondered ever the omission. Gnlv for a moment, for the command came with pleasant sharpness," Halt—break ranks !:'* aiad the stiff militarv line broke as if formed by merry school boys. It was only for a moment, but in that brief space Frank Stanley nearly took away my breath as he whispered, during his hasty hand shaking—• Congratulate mo-. T was married last night." And then he added, with 1 a veritable cloud on his Jong face, ^fake the best of it with the home people, please." ** Married But there was no use in askinc questions, for others were crowding round for a leave-taking; and then they marched away by the dullest of all tunes, "Home, sweet home." If Frank was really married, Kitty, the little Irish girl, was the only available person for the matrimonial romance. But it was difficult to decide whea the marriage had taken place. Could If rank have been a mar ried man when he was sending soft, somewhat sentimental messages to his cousin ? What would his Another say ? And how could I make the best of Kitty to the Stanleys ? I began to to have a guilty feeling, as if au accom plice to the bond., I learned the whole story piecemeal, as it were, and then put it*together in as fair as whole as possible, ior I was sure I would undergo a severe cros« questioaing when I got home. And this is th» true history. Frank was not a benedict when he sat on mv sofa the mgh before the march ; indeed he vvas as lancy-free as a man cut' off from all marriageable girls could be After leading my quarters he saw a tight in the parlor next door, and sud denly remembered his breach of cour tesy in not saying good-bye to his captains family. He found Captain; O Brien, his wife and pretty Kitty in I the parlor They, too, had had friends to part with—oe, at least, the women had—and one of them was lingering in the hope of another visit. Mrs O Brien was profus6 &nd; hearty in her good wishes, and said enough /or bolh of thein, for Kitty was mournfully silent. J Frank make his visit brief, not only on account of the late hour and his unprepareduefcs for th© early inarch, but also in kiuilly thought of the captain's own arrangements. The farewell over, lie closed the parlor ; door on himself, and groped his way toward tlic door knob in ibc feebly- 1 lighted hall. Then ho was conscious , that someone had followed him. It was on!}' Kitty, to give him the final parting. But such a parting ! Frank made some foolish, sentimental vow of keeping her ever near his heart, and the girl, instead of answering his badinarc in her usual gay way, broke ; down completely. Poor Frank, in j utter consternation, saw a little calico | heap upon the floor, not that the girl i had fainted, but there she was, her j face buried in her lap, rocking herself to and fro, and giving forth plaintive little sobs, as a hurt child might do. Frank was at first bewildered, acd j then, manlike, touched. What had j he done to set the girl weeping? Surely he was in fault. He ought to have j meant something if he did not. He ! did not dream that it was his hand- | some face and gay, chivalrous manner ! that captivated Kitty. Instead, he blauied himself. He should have remembered that she was young and more unsophisticated, so, of course, more truthful than society women. If he had made her permanently un happy he would never forgive himself. A lid "so lie took the roh; of comforter, and knelt beside poor dishevelled, unhappy little Kitty ; and finding that her sobs increased rather than diminished, he— Vv ell, to shorten my story, Frank effered her the one bonbon that men think will comfort hapless women situated as Kitty was, and that was to marry her. But it was the parting Kitty was crying over, and a lover 011 the march was held by slenderest, of bonds. And Frank, recklessly bent on appeasing her, whispered, if it would comfort her to bear his name, the padre was luckily in camp, and he could at once be sent for. And so I was deputed to be a friend of Kitty's, and to do what I could for both the foolish children with the home people. I thought it would be best, on Frank's account, to show myself friendly to Kitty; and so, before I packed up my household goods, 1 sent out iuvitaiious for the weeping widows to meet the bride at "an evening" at my quarters. I did this very simple act with some fear and trepidation, for Mrs. Stanley might hear I coun tenanced the match, and I did not know haw far she might carry her resentment. However. I knew how necessary it was for Kitty to make friends with the wives of Frank's brother officers, and I intended to set the example as the colonel's lady. But I had my trouble as well as my misgivings for nothing; for before the evening came a little ill-written, ill— spelled note from Kitty, very grateful for my kindness, but as she had noth ing to wear befitting a bride, Mamma O'Brieu thought she had better stay at home. It was my first visit to Mrs. Stanley after my return home. She had not been well, and had sent her daughters to call, and begged I would dine with her that day en famille, which meant 1 was to tell her of Kilty. I tortured myself during my toilette thinking how best to describe the bride. I knew that she was unlike anything my friend had ever conceived of. No doubt she feared that Kitty was under bred, vulgar, perhaps, one to be hidden away, at least for a time, until by association, judicious dressing, and mud1 kindness shown her by Frank's family, she would be made presentable. The Stanleys were far too well bred to make their mortification the county talk, and they had merely announced that Frank had married his captain's daughter, which sounded -very well for the young subaltern. For Frank's sake, too, they would not scout his wife, even though one of his cousins ' went abroad to avoid meeting her. They knew nothing of the courtship, so they thought that Frank had been entrapped by a pretty face; and they j were greatly shocked at both the I suddenness and uucouventionalitv of the marriage. It never entered into their minds that Frank had, as his brother officers termed it, made a fool of himself. Poor Frank! was he repenting at leisure P I had met on my journey east one of our officers, "xho was on sick-leave. He had told me that it was uot until they had marched a couple of days, and had wondered among themselves why Frank had so suddenly lost his gay spirits, that he confessed his marriage to them. Since then he had eontinued depressed and moody, and his mess-mates were very sure he was repenting having so easily hung himself. Knowing all this, it was with con siderable trepidation that I took the seat indicated to me on Mrs. Stanley's sofa. Dinner was over, and the young people had strolled out on to the lawn, learirg me to the confidential chat I had so much reason to dread. Poor, pretty Kittty! I was bent upon doing her as little harm as possible. " It is Frank's wife I want you to tell me of. Pray be quite frank with me, and tell me all about her." Dear Mrs. Stanley! she never dreamed the carta blanehe she was giv ing me to fill iu. Of course, I said Kitty was transportingly pretty, and sweet- tempered, and everything else girls always are until life's trials com© and prove the stuff they are made of. The facts, of her surroundings I repressed. Mrs. OvBriea might be an excellent mother^ even if she did understand the mysteries of the laundry; and fair Enid's faded silk was no better than a well-done-up calico. It was quite wonderful how well I filled up my blank card, ami really lit tie 1 told of pretty Kilty. "If the dear boy is happy! Of course that is the main thing. And from what you toil i:ie, I <10 not t-cc uliy lie .-iiotild lift lit". Jflif ]i;id only brought liis pretty Kitty to up. so 1 hat we could have known her before their marriage! And—"Well. I am afraid I was frightfully indiscreet, 1 was so anxious my boy should marry his cousin, and from his letters 1 thought lie fancied her." And 1 saw Mr?. Stanley had been playing that dangerous game of match making ; and poor little Kitty was such a poor show for a disappointment to Jiang on. I began to fear that I had sung the girl's praises too vehemently, for not a week after the family dinner, Mr. Stanley told me they thought of urging 1" rau k'swife to visit the w. There was every chance oftheregiinent going into winter-quarters where ifc was. and, if so, it would be impossible lor the officers' wives to join them. That being the case, Kiity might as well come east and spend the winter with them. I wonder if Kitty could be prevailed upon to consent, or whether Frank wished her to. If she did, perhaps it would hare beeu better if I had hinted, ever so faintly, something that would in a measure have prepared the Stanley's for Kitty's uniqueness—this Kitty so unlike all other Kitty's Mrs. Stanley had ever seen. Frank, 1 knew, would not say a word, and yet would resent to the uttermost any hasty action or even expression this first meeting might surprise his family into. I decided two or three times to drive over to the Stanley's, and tell Frank's mother the unvarnished facts of her son's marriage, but I never had the j j nerve to do it. First, a certain esprit de corps prevented me; and besides, I have a. decided shrinking from mixing up iu family history; and whilst I debated, something happened that put everything out of my head. The papers brought tidings—slim and meagre, indeed, for our hungry hearts—of cm© of those almost annual massacres of the army of the Indians. Fortunately for me, my husband's name was cot on the list; but Frank Stanley was wounded, and on the death list was Major Bliss, and other well-known friends, many of whom had eaten their last formal dinner with me. How slowly the news came from the far-off frontier, so far removed irom railroads and telegraphs I Mr. Stanley rode over eyery day to tell what news he had managed to get. He was fear fully anxious for poor Frank, how severely wounded or how suffering he could only guess. As for Mrs. Stanley, she was ill from anxiety and self torture iu imagining her poor boy's condition. I reproached myself for having put so many miles between me and my husband ; and though I was constantly told that if I remained west I could not have got on to the regi ment, I was by no means sure that I could not have done so. To proTe that I was correct in my misgivings, Mr. Stanley came over one morning with a, tender, quivering smile 011 his mouth, and a ring of exultation in his voice. " Why did you not hint what a per feet little trump Frank's wife is ?" he asked " She no sooner heard that he was wounded than she went to him. The brave young thing! She never stopped to pack her Saratoga trunks —not she; but went like a true little heroine to nurse her husband. And she will cure him, you may make sure. His mother would coddle him to death; but this Kitty of his, she will bring me home my dear son." And so she did. A few weeks after Mr. Stanley had told me Kitty had gone to Frank he came over with a note from her. They were oa their way home, and would arrive early the next week. Mr. Stanley was very much excited over the good news, and waved Kitty's poor little note over his head, with a huzza of exultation. I think he thought an h in mule was quite proper, and that he had beeu misspelling that useful animal's name all these years. The lives of the women in the Stanley family had always moved through smooth grooves, and Kitty's euergv and independence were wonderful m their eyes, though if their idol Frank had not been her hero, they might have come to different judgment. We were standing on the piazza, waiting for the carriage. Mr. Stanley had ridden to the station, and came as avant-courcur " She is a beauty—Frank's wife, I mean," he cried out. " Xbu will all have to take off your caps to pretty Kitty, my ladies." " We will lie down and let her walk over us if she briugs my boy safely home," replied Mrs. Stanley. And that was just what Kitty had done. I watched her as she siood aside to let Frank's mother- arrange his cushions, and I saw her fingers ached to do the simple office; and Frank, glad, thankful to reach home, and pale as a ghost, though laughing at the numerous attentions he was receiving Irom his womenkind,. looked round for Kitty, as if she knew better his needs than he did himself. Prett y Kittv was even prettier than of ohi, though more dishevelled,, owing to her long journey ; and 1 was glad to notice that, for the same reason, the calico dress was past the benefit of the laundry.. " How well you have engineered for us!" whispered Frank the moment Mrs. Stanley's eyes were regarding something else than the poor fellow's white face. I smiled and shook my head. My whole oflice had bceu to licit! my tongue. "How pretty she is, and liow she loves my Prank!" said Mrs. Stanley, as she b.ide me good-bv And tli.it. i believe, is as much as most mothers require in their daugh- j lers-in-law. They have an enduring j faith in modern improvement a, and the I whole family set out at once to modify j the pretty Kitty, and succeeded wonderi'iilly. How Frank was mar ried they never knew but how Kitty journeyed, without baggage, through ten and Forest, to nurse their prince, was sufficient commendation for the whole house of Stanley. 