AMERICA'S INFERIOR RACES- Australians when they read of the troubles, present and prospective, in tho United States,, over inferior races, may congratulate themselves that the aborigine of this continent are few and, for the mo- part, unaggressive, and that timely en - has been taken to prevent the land from being overrun by outside barbarians. kinsmen in America have had to fight wit the red Indians for the possession of nine of their soil, and avo confronted wit dangers still more threatening from ' rapidly increasing negro population- 0 the moment the new outburst of war 1 enthusiasm among the Indians is ing the world's attention. The M as ton Government had fondly concci II'TThTMUcy adopted by tho red I since tho outbreak of 1876 had rM for the settlers in the Western fe ornate immunity from the ternhle fcffictf Which had marked their earlier i ie One of the mosb powerful Indian t ioiv existent, namely, the Sioux, fe> numbers are estimated at about tooo and wlioso chief, Sitting Bull, PS so formidable an enemy 14 years t have not been allowed to remain for lies" tcctlier in any single district. The Bod adopted with them, in commonwith Uer tribes regarded as dangerous, bns C to shift thorn to fresii reservations Um they appeared to. be growing m Lower, and to keep them as completdy as W«iblc under the supervision of State SjaK One of the largest camping ilronnds latterlv conceded them is situated f Daitotn, where five " agencies" have been appointed, and it is at one of these, Pine ltill-e, that the sanguinary encounters with. United States troops recently reported have occurred. Twenty-eight years ago the Sioux looked upon a large part of Minnesota as their possession, but they are now concentrated in Dakota, and maintain' friendly .relations with other tribes to the southward, in Nebraska, and away north to tho British frontier, in Mani toba. Two months back curious rumors nn>=e of an outburst- of religious excite ment among the whole of these tribes. Having nominally abandoned their old forms of faith in favor of Christian doc trines, they have, as is common with savage races, shaped the latter in accordance with their peculiar instincts. ' The craze which lias of late seized upon them is that the second advent of the Messiah is to take place among their people, and they are led to believe by their native priests that it is to be the forerunner of a grand revival of Indian supremacy in North America. Moreover, they are taught that the antici pated event may bo expedited by their gathering together and indulging through out the night in what are termed "ghost dances." They imagine that they are joined in these wild corroborrees by the I spirits of their elder braves, while the living ones take their share in them in full warpaint, and work themselves up into a fanatical state, which fits them to perpet- Irate any atrucities that may be suggested on neighboring settlements. It is the attempts made by the forces of the Federal Government stationed in the vicinity of the agencies to put an end to these dances that has brought about the collisions of the past two weeks. In tho fuller news | to hand by the iost mail it is stated 1 that when orders were issued by the 1 local agent at Pine Bidge that the I dances were not to be continued, a defiant | answer was returned by one of the chiefs. I I" Our dance," lie says, "is a religious dance, and we are going to dance until spring. If we find Christ does not appear we shall stop dancing." The extraordinary feature in connection with this mania is that it lias simultaneously affected all the B estern tribes from the coast to the Mississippi, and from Canada to Arizona, j Ii the stories told of Indian treachery be true, and they have slaughtered the Ame rican soldiers after having inveigled them into a false security by a pretended surren- nuiiiu tunny to near or acts or nerce retaliation. Already the cable has told us of an indiscriminate massacre of men, women and children of the insurrectionary tribe, and the war which ha3 begun bids fair to become one of extermination. Serious as these evils appear, there can be no doubt of the capacity of the Federal Government to encounter them. At the census of 1880 the whole of the Indian population of the States was set down at 303,000, and of these the denizens of the central Indian territory, numbering at least 70,000, may be set aside as having become firmly addicted to modern ways and peaceful associations. If all the .warriors of the tribes liable to become dis- ailcctcd were to unite in one vast band ' cu,1'd but prolong hostilities for a ' and must in the end be crashed by io power of the States. The negro pro blem is one of a vciy different character, lar more complex in its issues and doubtful m its conclusion. The details of the census taken last June are not likely to bo available to tho public for many months to come. It is known tliat its total of popula tion amounted to 62,480,540, as against 5,783 in 1880, but , the divisional .reports are not yet prepared. Wo have o turn therefore to the previous census ror information relative to the black Population, and at that time we find it amounting in t. nnn -701: , ,, n_. , ,7 Aiiiiungn rnese n ires tell a very different stoiy to those e ating to the Indian computation, they mild not appear threatening if they had tbcbalanced against those representing tho ,1 ute population. !But this is not the the case. The black zone in the States is a comparatively restricted cme, and within f A"1 s, J1,0 ffuestion of negro supremacy fnlmnn box htta attained already nnnri I t P|x>Porfcrn8- -A special corres- ? the London Times is engaged ami A 'at'ng interesting subject, lati.,1 f'C f ,l0 is furnishing are calcu- whoW /,m(1 ,world wid notice. Of the fieri ' ,1 cks America, as speci- in aim i t l®80 C0nsua> 1.353,097 lived n of the old slave States, to wit, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Virginia and the two Carolines j 1,660,674 lived in the seven border states, Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas, Texas and Tenessee ; leaving only 567,022 scattered ovor the rest of tho Union. In the eight States first named the blacks comprehended one half of the population, and in the seven border States about one-fifth. A hnld statement of these facts does not by any means indicate the real nature of the difficulty. In all of these States, the tendency is for the white man to take part in trade, mining and manufactures, and therefore to constitute a large majority in tho cities and towns, and for the blacks to undertake agriculture and tillage and virtually hold possession of the low lands and surrounding villages. In these black centres a poor white man finds himself unable to obtain occupation. Pride of race precludes him from seeking employment at the hands of negro masters, while negro competition, naturally encouraged by negro patronage, drives 111m out ot all the small trades. The result is a constant emigration of the white population1 from such localities, leaving the colored people in undisturbed possession. Throughout the fifteen States enumerated tho black population increases at a more rapid rate than the white. Thus in Virginia, in 1790, the whites numbered 442,117 and the blacks 305,493. By 1880 tho whites had increased to 880,858, and the blacks to 631,616, the increase of the former being at the rate of 99.2 per cent, and of the latter 106.7. The statistics of other States showed similar results on a crescendo scale, until in the records of Georgia we have these startling revela tions : — In 1790 the white population totalled 52,886, and had grown to 816,905 by 1880, or an increase of 1442.9 per cent., while the blacks in the same period had devo'oped from 29,662 to 725,153, which is an increase of 2344.6 per cent. In three of the old slave States, namely, Louisiana, Mississippi and South Carolina, the col ored peoplo, at the census of 1880, outnum bered the whites, the disproportion being very marked in tho case of Soutli Carolina, where there wore only 391,105 whites to set against 604,332 negroes. By the amendment of the constitution of the United States, cfiectcd after the sup pression of the rebellion, it is enacted that " the rights of the citizens of the United States to vote shall not he denied or abridged by the United States or any State on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude," No State or portion of a State thereforois vested with power legi timately to prevent Governmental control from passing into the hands of the negroes if they outnumber the others, and choose to vote en bloc. Yet, as a matter of fact, white rule in the Southern States was never more compact or complete than at the present moment, although the methods by which it lias been retained will not bear investigation. Iiight or wrong, tho white population of these States are, as we may easily conceive, unalterably determined that they will not he ruled by ' niggers," and as year afteryoar the black majority increases, the situation becomes pregnant with acute possibilities of mis chief. 