Fergus Campbell. (Continued. "I besought her not to yield to his un reasonable prejudice, but she stood in the Bishop's Walk, white as a ghost, and bade me good-by. I told her she had not the heart of a woman or she could. not send me away. " I did not go to Jtaly, for my ambition had vanished. How could I sing with such a heavy heart ? I chose the life of a recluise. I came to Montreal and scratched out sucI a living as my pen would yield. "Morrison was so mortified by his politi cal defeat that he codld not bide in Dun blane. He and his daughter went to live in Pittsburg.. I learned of this through a Dun blane newspaper. -dA yesterday was; my birthdar,: B~i: i~?rd.? Itmane e ssoie resolutuon.o s-: rree lves :r~1imt dbidedin.thie buscu- hugging a tfobliil?~ hope that Mailie Morrison might sonie dy wish to recall me, and knowing that it would be easy to trace me here., But last night I resolved to go away and complete my study of music. I told myself that may be the less was married and had forgotten the Bishop's Walk. " It was midnight when 1 went to bed. This old house seemed desolate, and I could not sleep. I heard the clock strike 2, 3 and 4, and then-man,1I cannot describe it, but I had the most horrible sensation I ever ex perienced. Nothing but death could give it. A sweat was on my lips and forehead. My breath came laboriously. My.pnlse ceased, TURTLE HUNTIING. and the action of my heart was imperceptible. I'knew I was dying.. I tried to rally. 'My life has not been what I desired, yet I was wildly eager to live. I tried desperately to cast off the dreadful lethargy into which I was sinking. I tried to cry out for help, but could not-make a sound. I was struggling with death, and such a fight it was that I shudder when I recall it. I was keenly, cruelly alive to the fact that my feet were like ice, and that the cold was creeping up my limbs towards my heart. My,, tongue clove to the roof of my. mouth;' my respira tion grew slower and sloweF, and finally ceased; my heart had stopped beating, my jaw dropped, and I was dead. " During my life I had always believed in a dual existence-a bodily and a spiritual one. Now this duality was proven. My spirit left my body and stopped to look at the house. it had tenanted. With my spiritual vision I saw my eyes close and my limbs grow rigid. I saw that I was dead I " My mental faculties remained, but I had no control of my actions. My spirit was mysteriously borne from the room, from the house aiid from the town. I travelled in mid air and with a velocity that appalled me. I .c nnot describe my sensations. I cannot say that. the wind rushed into my face, for I had no face. I cannot say that my head swam, for TIhad no head. And yet I felt that the wind was blowing cold and wet, and the awful swiftness of my locomo tion filled me with terror. I kept thinking ' I'm dead, and where am I going? I am pretty high up, and am devoutly thankful for it.' " 1 had been regarding Campbell with curiosity as well as suspicion. Somotimes I believed t~at he was manufacturing his dream or vision or ghost story out of whole cloth. I was tempted to rate him soundly for trying to make a fool of me, but some thing in his manner restrained me. " I was not' up too high," he continued, " to see where I was travelling. I was pass ing over Albany, for I saw the outline of a building that must have been the capitol. I continued southward with the same awful impetus, passing over towns that I supposed were Kingston, Newburg and West Point. I followed the Hudson until I came to New Jersey, and went over to the interior of that state. All this 'time I was wondering whether the atmosphere was peopled by other spirits than mind. Was mine the only soul that was destined to travel in this eccentric fashion ? Some of my friends had died, and, in the awful stillness and loneliness of that hour, I longed for their companion aiip. BlLutthl ir was. empty and poly my I£-ieaiiged niy c~urse:, 34g ing 'and weant westward. I seemed to be crossing over thle State of Pennsylvania. Suddenly. I thought I knew where I was going, and, Bradford. I can give you no idea of the agony. I exp,-ri enced at the discovery.' I was passing over a dark country, and beyond me was a hideous light. I could see no buildings, but I saw a blaze of fire that filled me with horror. It was below me, and as it belched out in all its lurid intensity I thought I knew what it was. Man alive ! I thought .1 was going to hell as fast as I could travel, and that nothing could save me. It was not the infernal regions, after ll. It was your boasted town of Pittsburg I The fire that had frightened me was from the iron founderies, the copper smelting mills, and the oil refineries, for which the place is famous; I could feel the air hot with their fiery breath. I passed them and a cathedral, and fiually I reached a suburb of the town. Then I went slower and lower, and at last stopped before a dwelling. In an upper room a lamp was burning, and a woman's shadow occasionallyfell upon the curtain. I knew it was MIailie Mortison's even before she stopped at the window and looked out. Bradford, it was my lass, grown older, but with the sanie sweet face that I had last seen in the Bishop's Walk. An in stant later her father jerked the curtains aside and stool beside her. He was horribly changed. His eyes were bloodshot, his face was purple, and his form. wasted. He was wholly unlike the strong bodied politician of Dunblane For ten years I had hated him, but this' morning I was touched by his wretched condition. I was grieved to know I was invisible to my lass; but her father saw me ! Good heaven ! Can I ever forget what wrath.and malice distorted his face at sight of me ? He seemed crazed with rage, and he beat with his two clinched flits upon the glass, shivering the pane into thousands of bits, and cutting his ftiesh to the bone. He was a maniac and he believed that I was in the flesh, for he tried to reach me and strangle me with his bleeding hands. Mau, man! in his blind and eager fury he hurled his wretched body from the window to the ground. I, a thing of the air, could do naught to save him, and I saw him fall dead before me, I could not speak to my lass, Who also saw his act; but I was forced to see the anguish in her white, distracted face. And while the people came from the hoste to carry the dead man in I was _uddenly borne away. " I returned with even greater swiftness. and by the same long route by which I had gone. I reached Montreal before light was fairly here, and entered the chateau unhin dered by windows and doors. I saw my dead body still lying with dre:wn face, closed eyes and fallen jaw. My spirit seemed to recognise my body as its inaural home, for in the twinkling of an eye it '?:!ered it again. IMy heart began to puls :te, my blood was flowlng and my brain awake. "Fergus Camp bell was in the flesh again. "I sat up and lighted y isIamp. I was still cold and wet with clammy prespiration. The clock was striking 7, and I remembered that I had been to Pittsburg ~ad back by an. unnecessarily.long roilte in exactly three hours."\ "You cerlainly made) r.t:rkably quick time,' 1 commenfied '. t I you'd beei the nigh'mar., CGmn'l ' He placed :: telegians in tm:; ha? . . "Read it," he said -ageriy:" "It came this evening, anid sit/ proves `'that' I saw 3Iorrison die." The dispatch wis from a relative of Camp-" bell's in Pittsburg. These, were its con tents: " aMorricon killed himself this moriing b: jumping from bis window. He has been madi for years." We looked at each other in silence. "By Jove!" I said at last, "you have either been telling a stupenddus lie or this is a remarkable coincidence." "It's no -lie,", he an werd;, solcunlr.= " Bradford. it's as true as Rsp~ : Two years passed bh~ore I - aw Campbi 1 again. Be came down the cti idor of tohe Windsor hotel, and I couhld not. fil to not'ce that his appearance had greatlyimprov;:d. He had gained considerable avoirdupois, ~ind was dressed in excellent taste. His old -frank smile remained unaltered, and £?Icouid; not mistake him: "You are Fergus Campbell;" I ssid" and offered my hand. He grasped it cordially. "' I was Fergus Campbell once,' hn said; '" but"-with an irresistible and contagious grin-" they call me Signor C?mbellini now !" " Then you have,finished your st' dies ?" " Yes," he answered, "I am a :n l1 fledged opera singer now." " I longed to ask him if he wa?'nmarried but feared that suojeot might be h painfuli one. "Come to my rooms," he said, t if he knew what was in my mind, " andasee my wife and bairn. I am married to'. Maiiic Morrison, Brayford. After her 'father's a violent death she went back to Doi:nblane, and I followed her. I met her in the Bishop's Walk, and we agreed that iv e never would be separated again: Come a, ud I'll sing for you. And it will be no Itaiian melody to-night, but a good Scotce:; -on:g about "The -Flower o' Dunblane." -E. :s B. CURRIE in Frank Leslie's. The waiter's favourit; dower is rget me-not, 