Bowing and Sailing Notes. Mr. W. Bridson who recently won the amateur aquatio championship of Viotoria, and who is about to take np his residence in Sydney, ia a native of Auckland (N.Z.), and removingto Wellington (N.Z ), ia a member of the rowin« olub of that city. He ia Bpoken highly of in that city for his straightforward manly behaviour and plucky honest rowing. He baa won-a good number of races, and it seems probable that-he will join Tom Sullivan on his return here from New Zealand and tako to professional sculling. His-rocord is 81 firsts, 7 aeoonds, 2 thirds, an I 1 fourth. Mr. Bridson ia the second son of Mr. W. Bridson, Eegistrar of tho Nativo Land Court, and was born in Auckland 23 yeara asro laat June. A programme haa boon arran sod for a regatta to be oonduoted by tho Queensland Rowing Association in tho Milton Reaoh of the Briabano River on Jar-uary 26 next. The oventB inoluded aro : For youths under 20,'handioap-BOulling raco, champion toura, maiden ? fonrs, junior donble soulla, and senior fours. The eight-oar race ia deferred for a month or two. AtWiloannia a raoe for trial fours was rowed off by the Boating Club on November 19, five crawa competing, for lOgs trophies. The final heat was won by Foley (stroke), Gourlay, Peak, and Percy, who de'eated Furnifull (stroke), Martin, Meares, and May by aboat a length. All the races were closely contested. The monument to be erected in memory of the late H. E. Searle, champion sculler of the world, is on view at Messrs. Patten Brothers' monumental yard, Pitt-street South, for a few dayB. The monument will then be removed and erected at The Brothers, where it will be unveiled on December 10 by tho Hon. D. O'Connor. At a meeting of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron, held November 18, Mr. Minnett presided. Attention waa drawn to the disfigurement of George's Head by an immense advertisement which had been put on the rooks. It was stated that it had been washed out by recent rains, and a resolution waa passed that if it were not so, the attention of tho Minister for Lands should be drawn to the matter, By requisition to tho Mayor of Leichhardt, a publio meeting waa hold in tho town hall tho other day to consider tho question of holding tho usual annual regatta. On tho motion of Alderman F. W. Walsh, Beconded by Mr. W. Boll, it was unanimously agroed to hold the annual regatta on New Year's Day. Tho Mayor was eleotod president, Alderman Walsh . treasurer, Mr. W. R. Ainsworth secretary. Tho following oommitteo waa appointed to make the neoes3ary arrangements, with power to add to their number : Alderman F. Walsh, Mesara. W. Bull, H. A. Rudder, George Rodwell, W. West brook, G. Maoready, T. Snowdon, R. Walker, P. M'Leiah, A. Lovely, J. Brown, J. G. Fig«, H. S. Brothwood, E. Cansdell, F. Ivons, H. Pritohard, J. Colbron, S. Stewart, T. D. Mearos, H. Bourne, W. Golding, J. Abberton, and Aldermen Wragge, Hoarn, Lonsdale, and R. B. Cropley. There were five crows competing for tho East Sydney Rowing Club fours on Saturday afternoon for trophies presented by Mr. P. B. Cobon, a member of theolub.^ Considerable interest waa taken in tho raoe, whioh waa over a course from tho north ond of Garden Island to the club ehed. The following woro the results:-Firat heat: E.W. Senior (stroke), E. Smyth, J. Pigott, J. P. Farelly, 1. This waa a row over, for the reason that the umpire disqualified the following orew for not oarrying out his instructions: A. B. Tumner (stroke), W. Peters, W. Cresswell, A.Waite, A protest was entered against Senior's crow being declared the winnera. Second boat : H. E.Williams (stroke), G. Etheridge, A. Symmons, C. M. Mossch, l; G. S. Withers (stroke), F. S. Brierley, J. Ellis, A. Wright, 2. Won by a length. Third heat: J. A. Wright (stroke), R. Smyth, J. Piggott, J. J. Farelly, 1; E.W.Senior (atroke), W. Peters, W. Cresswell, A. Waits, 2. The final was won af tor a splendid contest by Williams's orew, defeating Reid's crew by three lengths. Mr. J. M'lven acted as starter, Mr. A, Steele as umpire, and Mr. P. B. Cohen as judge. The entries for the raoe for 10-footers of the John stone Bay Sailing Club on Saturday afternoon, for dub prizes of ¿23, ¿^1 and 10s, were as.follow: Viking, Mona, Neva, Young Ethel, Raoeland, Aurora, Marcelle, Jenora, and Tam o' Shanter. The. conrea was from a flying start at 3.15 p.m. from Johnatone's Bay, \- "'"idFort Denison, back round starter's boat, round Goat Island, finish at flagboat ia Johnstoue'a Bay. At the Bt»rt the Viking went away with a good lead to and round Fort Denison. Tho times rounding tho boat in JohnBtone's Bay wera-Viking at 4h oámin 15aeo; Mona, 4h 42min 5aec ; Celia, 4h 42inin 9aeo ; Raojland, 4h 41min 12aeo ; Marcalle, 4h 45min 31sec ; Neva, 4b 45min 50sec ; Young Ethel, 4h iGmin lOsec ; Aurora, 4h 50min 403eo ; Venora, 4h 51min 55seo ; and Tam o' Shanter not timed ; and the finishing times were : Viking, 5h lGmin 30ieo ; Moi a, 5h 25minl03ec; Neva, 5h 29min 30sec ; Eaoeland, 5h 39ann 22seo. The ürst three boats, sailed respectively by Mr. J. Cronin, T. Ellie, and E. Cameron, were therefore the prizetakers. Mr, J. F. Dwyer was ampire and timekeeper. On Saturday afternoon a race for second olass boats of the Sydney Amateur Sailing Club was sailed orer what ia termed the club's Sow and Pigs oonrse. The wind was light and the tide on the ebb, so fast raoing way out ot the question. Mr. F. G. Eae noted in the dual capacity of starter and umpire. The entries and handicaps were as follow :-Netta, 20It, E. W. Heywood, eoratoh; Curlew. 22ft, H. P. Piokering, lmin behind ; Vacuna, 22ft, H. L. Hunt, 4min behind; E Ho, 22ft, J. L. Lyons, 4min behind; Xarifa, 24ft, W. A. Bennett. 4 nin behind, the con aitions being limited orewa with jib and mainsail only. No booming out allowed. On tho load to Brad ley's Head the Curlew was passed by tho Vacuna and Xarifa, and between Bradley's and the Lightship Ellie ran up into fourth position. The Nett», whioh had BO fdr not been challenged, rounded the boat at 3h 58min SOseo ; Vacuna, 4h 2min; Xarifa, 4h 2inin 45aeo ; Ellie, 4h 5min 40soo ; Curlew, 4h 8min 20aoo. The Cori sw retired and the Vaonna found horself ia a bolt of calm which allowed tho Xarifa to pass her. The journey homo a'moat resolvod itaolf into which boat posseaaod tho best drifting qualifications, and Netta distinguished heraolf by passing the flatboat first at 5h ÓBaain 40soo ; Xarifa, 5!i 41min Soaec, second; Vacuna, third. Mr. E. W. Heywood eailed the Netta and Mr. W. A. Bennett handled tho tiller of the second boat. The East Sydney Amateur Siiling Club hold a race for all boats of the eastern suburbs, extra sails, on 1 Saturday afternoon, over a course from lino between starter's boat and beacon off Potts* Point, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, round flagboat moored in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Shark Island, and finishing at flagboat. Tho first prize was a trophy presented by tho Hon. Geo. Thornton, M.L.C., the club adding a second and third prize. Tho boats entered, with their handioapa, were : Lottie (24st) scratch, Craigilee (24ft) lmin, Our Own (2irt) 3min, Isadore (24ft) 4min, Idothoa. (24ft), and Lavinia (24ft) oaoh 5min, E'sio (.4i't) 7min. The boatB crossed tho lino in the follow ing order to a light breeze from the E.N.E. : Lottie and Our Own together, Lavinia, Craigioloe, Idothea, Isadore, and Elsie. The Lottie drew away from the others oonaidorably on the run to Bradley's. Our Own Sassed Craigielea bofore Bradley's was reached, sadoro also repassed Elsie. All had to make a short board to e'ear Bradley's. After clearing all set balloon jiba for the run to tho lightship, Lottie in creasing her load, while Idothea gained rapidly on the Lavinia. The timea rounding the lightship were as follow: Lottie, at 4h 4min 56soo; Lavinia, 4h 7min 13s:o ; Idothea, 4h 7min 24sec ; Our Own, 4h 9min 28aec ; Craigielee, 4h 9min ööaeo ; Isadore, 4n 12min 51sec ; and Elsie, 4h 13aiin 56¿eo. Lottie still maintained her lead. Soon after rounding, Idothea passed Lavinia, while Our Own drow up on botb Idothea and Lavinia. Finishing times ; Lottie, £>h 44min 37seo ; Our Own, Ch 3min463cc ; Idothea, Gh 4min 5aec; Lavinia, Gh 3min 8aoo ; Craigieleo, Isadore, and Elsie not timed. Tho Lottie, therefore, takes first prize, Lavinia eecond on time allowance, while tha Idothea eejured third prize. The steamer Leichhardt, in charge of Mr. Negus, followed the race, aud Mr. T. Mulhall was starter and time keeper. Notwithstanding the very unpropitious state of the weather on Saturday a largo number of ladies and gentleman proceeded by the steamers Admiral and Lobelia from the Circular Quay and tbe Double Bay jetty respectively to Ciar ¡j Island, to witness the third race of this season of the S. F. Squadron Club. The following were the results : FirBt heit.-Entries : Booralie 24!t, E. Banks, If min ; Kananook 2Gft, Mark Foy, l^min ; Gizalle 24ft, G. Newton, Hmm; L!lian22ft, T. Loaoh,l¿min; Violet 22ft, W. Eeid, 1-i-min; Regina 24ft, George Parrett, £min; Volunteer 24ft, J. Eobinson, scratch. Massiiia did not start. Tho boats got away in tho following order: Boorjlio, Violet, Gazelle, Kananook (afterwards gave up), Li ian, Regina, and Volunteer. On tho stretoh to Chowdor Eogina and Volunteer overtook all but the Booralie. On the thrash to Shark leland thc positions wore changed co often that it was impossible to follow them. However, tho buoy waa rounded by tho Eogina, Volunteer, and Boorale, in the order named, and this position was maintained to flniBh. Second heat.-Entries : Pomona, 20ft, J. Firth 3inin; Grace Darling, 20ft, J. Gannon, 25mm; Ghost, 24ft, Arthur Thomas. 2Jmin ; Cynthia, 20ft, G. Holmes, jun., 2min; Victor, 20ft, G. Fletcher, 2min; Wild Wave, 22ft, F. Yarrow, lïmin ; Latona, 22ft, C. Webb, l^min. Several ohanßos took pUoo on tho run to the first mark, rounded iu tho following order : Grace Darling, Pomona, Victor, Cynthia, Latona, Ghost, and Wild Wavo. On the beat to tho island the Cynthia ran np into tho pre mier position, and the Victor managed to gat round closely in tho Cynthia's wake. Final heat.-On tho first stretch the Eegina, notwithstanding the assist ance of the Lilian, improved her position, and roundod juat ahead of the Volunteer, and behind tho Cynthia and Victor. Tiio Regina, before reaching tho Shark Island buoy, passed the two 20-footers, and the Volunteer bocamo becalmed. On the lead baok to Clark Island the boats drifted home, when tho Cynthia went away from Victor, but could not catch tho Eogina. Tho rosult was that Eegina takes first prize, ¿820 ; Cynthia Becond, ¿67 ; Victor third, £3. The race for the cruisers cf tho Eoyal Sydney Yacht Squadron on Saturday afternoon was for club prizes of ¿615 and £5 for first and second boats. The courae was from a flying start at 2 p.m from a lire between tho st-rtor's boat and H.M.S. Orlando's buoy, down to and round the E.S.Y.S. buoy at Manly, thence round Fort Donison and Shark leland (outside tho Pile Light and buoy), and back to finish, botwean Fort Denison and a flagboat moored off tho south ern end. Tbe conditions of tho rao1* were ordinary fore and aft cruising sails only al lowed, exoluding squarehead and jackyard topsails. The yachts entered, with their handicaps, were as follow : Electra, yawl (Mr. J. F. Fitzhardinge) soratoh ; Canowio, Bohooner (Mr. E. Boss), 27min ; Guinevere, cutter (Mr. H. S. Harden), 27min; Pleiades, cutter (Mr. W. M. Maolardy), 36minj and lone, cutter (Mr. F. Wooloott Waley), 44min. The Gosford followed the race, and Mr. Minnett waB commodore of the day, in the absence of the secre tary, Mr. H. Cornwall, who is suffering from the pre vailing oomplaint. The wind was altogether too light for a satisfactory ran with so little oanvaB allowed, and the paoe throughout the contest waa exceedingly slow, . The vessels got away at 2 p¿m. oa a E.S. easterly and an ebb fide, and all stood away on the starboard tack to Eobortson's Point and thence to Garden Island, where the Electra waa first , and Guinevere sçoond. O4 the load to Manly tho Electra toole firat plaoa, and tho timea of roundiher fha buoy there wero : Electra 3h Ümin lOaec, Pleiades 3h 10min 47nec, IonoSh 14 LÍII 55;eo, Guinovoro 3h 15min 55aeo, Canowie 3h 18min lOaeo. Tho Electra, after round ing, waa smart away, while a Euddcn drop in the alroady light breeze oauaod tho others to bo very slow. The Electra continued to lead paBt Bradloy'B, and tho fort was rounded by her at 4h 13min 25seo, Pleiades Ione4h52min, while tho Canowie bad retired from the race. The breeza continued to fail off, and the finishing times were: Elrctra, 5h 24miu 55seo ; Pleiades, 5h 50min 26aeo, the latter losing firtt prize by 41seo, Tho Ele-tra, sailed by Mr. Arthur Fitzhardinge, there "ore won the race, with tho Pleiades, sailed by Mr. W. M. Miolirdy, second. The lone waa tailed by J. W. Manson, and the Canowie by Mr. Alfred Fairfax. The Bt?amer Gosford followed tho race, but the attindan co, probably owing to the unpleasant weather, WAS only limited. 