UNITED STATES. fFrom our own CorresDondent.1 New York, January 4. It is difficult to write with patieuce about what is going on among the Indians. For some months all the tribes have been restless, owing mainly to the spreading among them of a curious delu sion as to the coming of a Messiah. This delusion bad its origin among the. Sioux 1 Indians, whose large reservation is in Dakota, near the Black Hills mining region, and the spot where the gallant Coster's command was annihilated. It is probable that the delusion can be traced directly to the work of Christian missjou ' aries among the savages. By religious instruction their minds had been prepared for the rumour which was' born some where that the Messiah had actually come and was about to wipe the' white' people from the face of the earthy to restore the great herds of bufialo which have dis appeared, and to make the continent once morea grand hunting-ground for the red man. It is known that the Messiah was personated in two or three places by somebody, and that he v admitted visiting Indians to a brief audience in a 'tent. Bat before rids delusion was heard of the Indiana were - suffering by reason of the miserable charac ter of our Indian service, and here is the real cause of the whole diffi culty, which has already cost a soore of white men's lives, and may cost a groat many more. On the Sioux Reservation, for example, old and efficient agents were removed, and new ones appointed who were utterly unfitted for the work. The service reUpsed into a condition of job bery, and the Indians were robbed right and left by rascals who were placed in office to reward them for dirty political scheming. When the Indian is deprived of part of his allotted food and is hungry he is ready to see visions and dance "ghost dances," and to believe stories about a Messiah who will kill all the white men. The Indians ought to be under the.care of the War Department and the army. It is the army that must guard them and restrain them, but they are under the supervision of the Interior Department and its agents taken from civil life. More than half of our small army is now in the Black Hills region guarding and occasionally fighting with the Sioux Indians, who have left their homes and are encamped in the district called the "the bad lands." The old chief Sitting Bull has been killed while resisting arrest, and there have already been two sharp engagements with the savages, who are well armed. The first took place when it was believed that the trouble was all over, and when the soldiers attempted to take away the arms of a group of IndianB who had returned to the agency. From the day of that fight the warlike feeling has been growing. In Dakato about 4,000 Indians are now confronted by as many soldiers.' That the life of an American army officer is not wholly devoid of excitement and adven ture may be shown by the experience of Lieutenant Earlington. A few' yearn ago the world heard something about him as the Commander of an unsuccessful ex pedition sent to the polar regious to relieve and rescue Greely and his companions. Sow he is trying to recover from severe wounds received while. fighting the followers of Sitting Bull in "the bad lands," and lava beds of the Black Hill country. An Indian on the warpath is very much like a hyena, and when his inclination turns that way scarcely any thing will restrain him. Hundreds of Sioux who seemed to have been converted to Christianity are now in "the bad lands," where they are ready-to scalp and mangle any white man who falls into their hands. It is not surprising that iu the opinions of people in our Western States, who live near the Indians and may have suffered by reason of their barbarity, there is no good Indian but a dead one. Still, I believe it to be true that almost all of our " In dian troubles" of the last twenty years would havo been avoided if the Indian service had been free from the debasing influence of the " spoils doctrine" and the work of conscienceless politicians. The rise of prices under the new tariff still engages public attention, although the high-tariff newspapers with strange fatuity continue to deny that any rise has taken place. X predicted that there would be a demand for higher wages. Better pay is needed by workmen, out their movement to obtain it is tores tailed by reductions, notably in the heavily pro tected iron and steel industry, which is committed to the assertion that it is "satisfied" with the new tariff duties. Since so much was said in the campaign about the necessity of raising duties for the benefit of the. working man, the labourers may be puzzled now by these reductions. Wages have been lowered even in the mills of Mr. Andrew Carnegie. Our manufacturers are beginning to make tinplate under the stimulus of the high duty soon to become operative. By means of administrative decisions the cost of carpet wool has been increased even beyond the limit fixed by the higher duties of the new law. The Customs officers have discovered that common goat hair, heretofore free, and supposed to be free under the new law, is dutiable at the rate of 300 per oeut. Aa time passes tricks and jobs in the new law come to light which make it more and more odious. . An interesting movement is the multiplication of Trust Combina tions, especially in industries related to farming. The example set by the manu facturers of reaping and mowing machines has been followed by the makers of other kinds of farm machinery. This tends to alienate permanently . the agricultural voter from the high-tariff party. Another so-called " international marriage" has been dissolved by a divorce granted in the State of Delaware to the wife of the Hon.' J. B.: Burke-Roche, of London^ The husband is the brother of Lord Fermoy, and when he married the handsome daughter of Frank Work, a millionaire of this city, nino years ago, he was penniless. Mr. Work allowed his daughter $12,000 a year, but this waB not enough, and at onetime the Hon. Mr. Burke-Roche's furniture,was seised for debt. The divorce was granted on the ground that the husband had de serted the plaintiff and had never contri buted anything toward her support. Another and a more famouB marriage of the kind has been brought freshly to the public mind by the visit of the Duke and Duchess of Marlborough to this country, .and a recent decision of the Courts con-. . oerning the properly of the Duchess, who was Mrs. LUy Hamersley two or three ago. She- had very little money when she became the wife of Mr. Hamersley, ; who was very riehbut not endowed with many personal or intellectual attractions. He died and left her the income of a part of his great estate, or about $135,000 a year. It appears that since she married the Duke of Marlborough she has become indebted to certain bankers and other persons in Birmingham, England, in the sum of $676,000, which iB Baid to have been spent in repairing the Duke's ancestral mansions. Suit was brought here to recover this money, and the Duchess asserted , that while her income was $135,000. she needed every dollar of it for the maintenance of her social stand ing and the current requirements of her style of living. The Court decides that she can spare $50,000 a year to pay her debts, and she will be obliged to get along with the remainder. Although Lieutenant Wyse has at last obtained from the Colombian Govern ment the desired renewal of the old Panama Canal concession there is not the slightest indication thus far that a new Company can be formed to take advantage of it. Under the new contract the Com pany undertaking the work must pay for the land used, and also the sum of $2,000,000 in cash ' and $1,000,000 in privileged shares. Twenty six months are allowed for the formation of a Company, and the resumption of the work. The French Commission of Engineers reported last year that $180,000,000, would bo required for the completion of the Canal, and estimated that for some years after completion the net income would not be more than 4 per cent. This is not encouraging. Work on the Nicaragua Canal progresses favour ably. It is rumoured that the Nicaragua Company will take measures to put the enterprise under the supervision and guarantee of the Government of the United States. If this should be done ■the new concession procured by Lieu tanent Wyse would not be worth the money spent in obtaining it. 