AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. An entertaining change of bill was presented at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday night, when Mr. Sheridan and his company appeared in the burlesque of "Black- eyed Susan?' and kept the audience in roars of laqghter alter nated with applause throughout the perfor mance. Burl«sque has of late years gone out of fashion, and in the revival under notice it is materially changed in character from bur lesque of the Robsonian days. " Black eyed Susan," as a play, was last pre sented in Adelaide .by Mr. George Rignold, and has been a standard drama eince the time of T. PT Cooke. It was a somewhat happy inspi ration to use it for the purpose of a burlesque, because the hive of William for his Susan and the troubles they had to undergo in their courtship before William is put on his trial for striking his superior officer forms something of a plot or a motif for the introduction of various characters in the piece bearing more or less resemblance to the characters in the original. There is no attempt, however, to make the story of Black-eyed Susan a serious one. From, the rising of the curtain to the end of the piece all is fun, life, and drollery, songs, dances, and humorous sayings and doings being introduced -without -regard to the feelings of ■William, or even of the Black eyed Susan herself. Of course Mr. Sheridan is the central male character, described variously as Crossbush, a smuggler, and Crosstree, captain of the Calliope, and there are other crosses in his various disguises. His makeup is very droll in each act, and he gags and localises the text at his own sweet will, but invariably raises a laugh. Histopicalduet with the widow and medley duet with Susan were heartily received, and when presiding as judge over the court he was equally successful in amu&ing; "the -nobilities of the audience Mieb Gracie Whiteford maizes a charming heroine, and of course is fair and blue eyud, as a contrast to the Susan of-the drama." She, is full of vivacity, sing? with taste, is sparkling and gay in her action, and dances most deftly. She greatly aided in malting the piece a success, and well deserved the applause and floral fevore that were bootowed upon her. The other members of the company contributed their quota to the evening's amusement with song and dance and athletic exercifies, and the. enow-ballet «ac « specially pleasing •feature. Tbe piece is well mounted, and would have drawn good bouses had it been staged «?^iw in the season. "Black- eyed -6nsan" -will be presented for the last time this evening. -which brings the Sheridan season to a close. To-morrow Mr. Boothby's play, "The Jonquille,' will be staged for the first time in Australia. '* THK JOXQCtLtE." The production of Mr. Guy Boothby's drama tabes place at the Theatre Royal to morrow evening. Monetarily it promises to be a success, as the whole of the dress circle has been allotted for Saturday evening, and the booking for Friday night looks ex ceedingly welL As fax as the represen tation of the play is concerned, we are assured that Che ladies and gendemen of the company are well tip in their parts, and a smooth performance is anticipated. "The JonquiUe" is of the intense romantic descrip tion, and includes game very fine acting scenes. Some excellent photographs of the principal characters in the piece have been taken, and are now being exhibited in Messrs. Woodman's show window. Sattbdat Popcxae Concert. The tenth of this season's series of Saturday night popular concerts at the Town Hall is announced for Saturday evening next. The manager has secured for this concert two well knowD and popular artistes from Melbourne, viz., Mrs. Palmer and Mr. Annes Beaumont, -whose names are almost household words in Australia. In addition to these vocalists Mr. T. H. Jones, Mns. Bac, is announced to appear as eolo organist, and the remaining vocal numbers win be confr'Tfaifr^ by Messis. Beaumont Bead and H. R. Holder. This combination of talent should ensure a bumper house. _ SCTOPTTOO.V ENTEBTAUMZKT. A sciopticon entertainment in connection with the Independent Order of Rechabites was given in the Rechabite Hall, Grote-street, on Wednesday evening. There was a fair attendance, and Mr. P. T. HOI, D.C.R., LO. Rechabites, occupied the chair. The first part of the programme consisted of beautiful.photo graphic lime-light views, illustrative of Dicken?'s well known Christmas carol, " Motley's ghost," and the various places to where .Scrooge was led by the spirits were shown, Mr. A- E. Cleveland giving the con nective readings. A couple of recitations, which were pictorially illustrated, were de livered by Wire Cutte and Mr, S. Jackson, Some view?of statuaries and humorous sketches brought the proceedings to a dose. j The Faehxg Max. Felix Tanner entered on his sixteenth day on \Vfdneeday night at 8 o'clock. Upto 8 o'clock in the mumiug of that day he had lost in weight 17f lbs. Tbe attendance at his recep tion-rooms in fiundle-Etreet has been very large. 