MEMOIRS OF THE PEIZE RING. . / Last Apnennuico in tlio Iling of , tho Celebrated .; ? ? ? * , : ' ? 1 ?.?.'?': DEAF BURKE AND BOB CASTLES. 1 Tho vory fact of writing tho DoaE 'Un's namo conjures up liko uiagio rocollootious of tho palmy days of tho good old Britiah sport. Tlio days whon tiian liko': Join Ward, Tom Cribb, TomBolchor,. Potbr Crawloy, Tom Spring, Nod Painter, Join Burn, Jolly .Tosh Hudson, Young Dutch Sam, and a host of others who,- if thoy had thon fought tlioir lust baltloa, clung to tho old fasuinatiug pi-oiossioii, unu liiscructou, auviaou, uuu as sisted tho young .aspirants who omiilutod tlibso lUminarios, and woro destined to KUina in the pugilistic world long aftor thoir moulors had thrown asido liio inittons and taken to tho long pipo and rummer: in tho comfortable parlor of somo London or provin cial hostelry. It would tako too long to narrato half tho interesting episodes of Burko's ciuoer before he loll in with hia last opponent, Bob CuHtles, thoroforo wo must bo satisfied with a casual glance buck upon* tho scones in which ho plaved ft prominent part, aud justly oarnod rospoctfor his manly behavior, his pluck and honosty, and his uig-lioartodnoss. Al, tho old ' Spottod Dog', in ilio Strand (still standing, with several old lionsos adjoin ing, east of tho Opera Coiuiquo Theatre, aud vory littlu oliangod in appuarauoo to-day), thoro was,' in thu year 1S27, frequently to be found a gathoring or tho clans pugilistic. Tho hoiiKo was kept at Ilio timo by Joo Parish, ox pugilist, ox-watoniian, and the fiaiernity— both members of the P.ll. and vyatermon— wero wont to meet at his festive board, and 0 hjoy tho hospitality of the good-hoarted bouifaco who possessed a natural uptitudo for making all who visited him fool at homo. In fact at, this timo his tavern was one of tho favorite sporting houses of tho metropolis, and, besides entertaining his guests, tho clearing of tho tills was a pleasant and ro muuorativo occupation for jolly Joo. Ono cold afternoon in tho November of tlio yoar 1827, tho damp mists rolled up from tho river, and mixed with thoyollow smoky fog in tho streots, tho pavements and roads woro greasy, and tho iiguvos and vohiclos appeared and vanished liko so many phantoms. Cross ing from Strand Lane Stairs to tho Spotted Dog, a, strapping young fellow of about 17 years of ago pushed open tho swing-doors of tbo tavern aud made direct for tho tap-room. Ho was poorly clad, but -as ho stood boforo tho olaziug lire Wllll Ills wod cioqiius Humming, thoro was something about his well-knit muscular figure that ut onco fixed the atten tion of an ordinary observer. ' Goodartor noons, Misters Parish,' he observod as tho worthy host entered the room. ' Well, Join, how goes it with you, boy -1 Bad weather this for your fort of work.' Tlio remark was spoken in 11 loud touo of voice, evidently addvessod to 0110 hard of hearing. Jrunes Burke, tho Deaf 'Un (for it was none other than he), , muttered something about ' Weathers didn't matters nothings,' and proceeded to enquire of Parish, with whom he appeared to be on tho most familiar torins, if thoro wns likely to bo anything fresh iu tho way of a fight sjiortly . 'Notyot; but I toll you what, Jonimy, you go straight, and wa'll seo if you won't bo it top-sawyor among '0111 yet.' Now, Master Parish little thought .-when ho made that observation 'that. iu a, few -years tho sturdy young chap boforo him was 'to lay claim to tho Championship Belt, and show as brilliant a record as any gladiator of tho day. Nevor 'tlioloss, Parish, who hod struck up a 'great liking for the unsophisticated rough chap, did not fail to pass a critical eyo over his fast doveloping form, and noticed that ho pos sessed all tho ' points' necossary fora first class pugilist-' '??.-.?' Poor' Jomwas only a ' Jack-in-tbo Water,' picking up'ft few coppera by assisting tho waterman to push off or pull r.p tlioir whorries. His fatlior,' who was a waterman at Strand Lano Stairs' for inauy yuai-s, had died when jJoin was vory young, and tho lad had struggled hard, and so far succeeded in: kooping his mother and himsolf. AVithout over receiving any in struction, and possessing the diaadvantugo of being deaf, Jem's mode of expressing himsolf (although throughout tho whole of his career ho never swore) was not very lolined, and lie iudulgod in the use of plurals in a moat im partial manner. Still his knowledge of 'outof' tho way subjects was extraordinary, and : Jib' ? was a keen ou.rervor.of character. Liko ninny' deaf peoplo. hu had a- quite humor, and whon'. ho uttered a witty romark his face remained stolidly inoxprossivo. . ? ' Well, a year passed by, and young Burko'.v time was spout half ou tho river and half on drv land ; but* whenever tho opportunity offered, ho would havo the mittens on, and ho always received souud practical advice and in structions from hU patron, Joo Parish. At last tho opportunity camo for Join to show what ho really was mado of. Mine host of tlio Spotted Dog took young Join to see his first prizo-flglit. If was a mill bolivoou two bantams, David Morgan, a Welshman, we nood hardly say whoso professional occupation outside tho ropos'^waa purveying shrimps and whelks 'at the various sporting bouse, und another, Sandy JI'Bcan, who, perhaps it is uunocossary' to assort was a Scotchman. It wns only a third-rate affair, and camo off at Whotstouc, near Barnot. The Deaf.' U11 wns doliglitod at . the prospect of ccoiug a geuuino prize-fight; but it turned out to bo such a misonvblo exhibition that oven ho was sadly disappointed. ' ' Tho fight has lasted so short ft limo that tho ispcututors concluded thoy had not wit nessed onougli sport for tho troublo of tho journey,' ni'idimniodiatoly subscribed a pnrso of J}14, lUidUcdMnrpliy, who hud bocu mie cowful on two or threo occasions, presented himsolf as a candidate for the coin. A hurried consultation took place between Joo ' Parish and Join, and thu Deaf 'Un stopped up to tho ring side and throw in his castor. Murphy was so confident about boing ablo to win that ho loofcod upon it as a. pioco of impudent pro sumption of n boy to havo tho audacity to take tho challenge, and openly staled us much. Young Join, however, mado such a nhon; that astonished his opponent and everybody presont. Thoy fought fifty rounds, anil as darknoss was netting in Murphy's seconds asked for a draw, and, although Join was oagor to continue, ho was persuaded that a ' bird in tho baud was worth two in tho bush,' and consented to divido tho fourteen sovs. The money was prosoutod to tho men on tho snmo oveiiing at tha Spotted Dog, and tho jolly young watormaii was in costacios— not only at the praise ho rocoived, but at finding himself possessed of a greater amount of yollow coins of tho realm than it had over been his good fortune to haudlo before. This was tho flop'd-tiflo in tho Deaf Un's affairs' and ho ceased from that date to watoh tho ebb aud flow of '. Old ' Father Thames, and determined to pursue tho. more oxcitiug vocation of a gladiator. Ho at once throw his heart and soul into tho new lifo, and after lighting fora few moro purses, allot which ho won, iio was matched for .£25 u-sido with Fitimaurioo, and tho mill took plaoo n't Hur pondon ?Common in = Jmie, 182!).' After lWi rounds hudbooufonght.thoDcuf 'Uiiwasliailodi tho winuer. Shortly after this yiotory, llurko met with rather a sorloua accidont, and bo ca'm'o rupturod, necessitating tho wearing of a trims. Notwithstanding tlio accident, ho was matohod auainst Bill Cousens, of Cliiolieatcr. On this ocoassiiin our hero met \yilh a rovorso,1 aftor fighting 101 rounds in a littlo over two liours, This look place in August of tho samo your ; and iu tho Dccembor ho was again in tho 21ft squaro with n oolossul couiitrymau, named Glrdler, whom ho defoatcd.- Tho Douf 'tin tlioii'had an ambition . to moot ono of tlio ' fttsh'unablo ' twolvo-stoncni j hut , a dif ficulty aroso. about lnpnoy, as uono pf.tlio tip-top mou would fight for any thing loss than a ' century ''or two, and this amount Jem was unable to find. Howover, ho managed to got matchcjoii with Gow and Hampson, both of whom ho boat. Ho thon dofcalod Tim Crawloy, and was at owe placed in the front rank among thu big 'uus. Ho thought him Bolf good enough to challeiigo all-comora at twolvo-stono (excepting Jem Ward), and was answered by Davis of Bruin, Tho appoint ment was made for Jjocouibur 2(J, 1830, aud tho Dtoi 'Unioorod again. ' Jem Burkc'n quick rise to famo had madu him vory popular; but although ho waa then one of tho heroes of the timo, ho never lost his eccentric, blunt stylo, and IBu'i.i/h Life, Duoombor 2(i, 1S30, alludes to him in tho fol lowing manual- : ' Tlio Deaf 'Un was tmiiK formedintoaffwell, lint hnsnoMost civility, ay'ilo many of his calling. Ho wan novur known to uttor un oath or an offonsivu word to anyone, . and has established tho obaraoter of a good nutnrod, woll-moduiug follow.' -V It is impossible for us to follow miuntolv .hrongh tho other parts of his career— to toll how ho savod tho lives of two children at a lire in Ussox-slreot, Strand, or roaord tho nnuiy liuuuno acts that wero natural to his disposition. Neithoris thero. spaco to moro than allude to his combat's with Blioset, tho 1'1-stoucr, a butcher who was orpooted to avongo tho defeat of Tom Hands, one of tho Cl-.iro Market Kill Bulls; his aiicody scttlo mout with Jack Cartor ; and his dillloiilt con quest over 'tfacoue, ut Lackinglbn Bottom, uoar Buvcrley. Jem Ward had at this period retired from tho ahumpiouship, and tho Deaf 'Un folt that ho could llion meut all comorn. Ho said tho two mou. ho should liko to beat woro Young Dutch Sam aud Simon Byrno, for tho reason, an Join put it, ono ' bocos ho was to clovers, ' and. tho othbr ' becoa ho was big enoughs.' Ho had 0110 of his wishes and mot Simon Byrno. Aftor u protracted light Join won. But at what a cost ! Poor Byrne was so much punished that ho survived only a fow days, and Burko was triod for manslaughter, but ultimately acquitted. In Soptombor, 1833, the Doaf 'Un persisted in his claim to tho championship, but Jout Ward refused to admit it, and offered to stake -S500, and would fight for nothing less. The Deaf 'Un again was unable to find tlio money, aud this was his observation, mutter ing iu 11 tono of disgust: — ' I's roady to Etands lips for tho titlo for a hundreds, but as for tousands and that sorts o' rodukulus tings, I can't say uuttins about '0111.' Burko was so upsot over the. affair that ho stated ha would fight for tho honor of tho thing or 'was' ready to stake .£200. It was thon resolved at a a meeting of all tho principal pugilists of tlio day, together with tho most libonvl sup porters of tha. ring, that tho maximum stake at which tho champion of England must bo compelled to accept a challcugo should bo i!200. This just rule holds good to tho pre sent day, us it was ridiculous for a. holder of the belt to put what prico ho liked on for tho stakes to tho exclusion of his poorer brethren. Jem, finding it difficult to make a mutch, took a trip to America. When ho returned ho was certainly not improved in habits or physique. Ho then made a journey to Franco, which still further helped to deteriorate him. It was iu in 183S that ho found himself onco moro ill England, and in 1839 ho fought Bendigo for the championship, and lost tho battlo, Iu 1840 tho Nottingham man -mot with an accident, and tho Deaf 'Uu again sought to rocovor tlio lost title, and sent forth another challenge. This was pickod up by Nick Ward, who also dofeutod our hero, aud convinced ovoryuouy tnat uurko s (lay was ovor. » Poor .Tom was terribly cut up at this, and nluiis-cd further into dissipation. Ho wiis-to bo found at liight-liousos in tho Hayumrkct,' loading a dissolute life. It was hero that he mot Bob Ciistlo.J, had a quarrel with him, uud arranged tlio fight which wo thall presently describe. It was a fierce combat, ns will bo seen, but it wan tho last flickering light of poor Join. Tho seeds of 'dissipation that had boen Fown in the sooiotv of his so-called swoll friends, wero thou boaring the bitter fruit, ? and tho Doaf 'Uu, although nover losing his individuality of character, gradually sank iii the social Bcalo, and was forgotten iiy— woll, not.nll, for Joo Parish; who had then left The Spotted Dog and was installed as mine host of Tho Lion, at the corner of Newcastle struct, stuck to him, and auch men at Tom Spring, and many others of tho true sort, gave him u. helping baud. Jem, however, never, rallied, and ns ho becamo ft shadow of his former self, aud persisted in drinking,: con sumption net in, and bo died in Francis- street, Waterloo-road, on January S, I8J.1. It lias boen said of him that ' his good qualities' woro his own— his vices the grafting of his so called ' betters ' in sociptv.' The story of his last moments is odd. As told to us, itsoems to smack of a- grim comedy. But than, tho Doaf 'Uu was a born comedian, uud his eccentricities unquestionable Captain Morris, a frcquontcr of tho Castle, was a constant visitor to Tom Spring's estab lishment, and was known and respected by all the fancy. Ho had taken a very great interest in Burko, especially when he was upon his last logs. The captain was an extra-, ordinary-looking man, both in appoarancd and habits. 'With regard to spirituous liquors wo havo known him to assert that ho know' not his own strength. Ho made it a point never to1 wear a great cout or gloves ; summer or wintor— all- the samo to him — ho was to bo sohu buttoned-up in ft swallow- tailed coat, Htfitie: so tightly round the neck that it was 'unite impossible to judgo from his uppcarauco whothcr ho adopted the luxnrv of a shirt. A black stock held his head erect, and addod -to his military appearannc :.his fuco had be'o'i dve-d a permanent rod — tho nose taking the brighter tints of tho color— presumably from contact with variablo woathor in foreign' clime*, as well as tho result of liberal imbiliilioux taken in the parlor of tlio Castle. His hands and fingers might havo looked on a frosty day like two separate pounds o[ bnef sausages. Nevertheless, bonoath that blue frock-cont thoro boas a heart that felt for a fcliow-croaturo in distress, and from tlio fob-pocket of his tight fitting pants oft caiiio tho whorowitb to get a meal for tho hungry. A'l wo have said, ho had contracted a.' friendship with Burke. Early quo morning, crossing Wulorloo Bridge, wo ovortook Iho caplaiu hobbling along, evi dently propelled by something unusually im portant. ' ? 'Good morning. Anything now?' wo asked. 'Yea, sir; wo havo lost the Deaf 'Un,' was the reply, with-a long-drawn sigh. ' Whor' '?'.'? ' ''? 'The Doaf -'Un— Mr. Burlco— Burko, tho pugilist, you know, sir. Ho began lifo as ' Jack-iii-the- Water,' in tho rivur ovor thoro,' pointing towards tho Hungorlord stairs. ' Ho rose afterwards by his own ofTorts, pluck, and porsovoranco to bo champioii of England. , Died last night, sir plucky to the vory last.1' Wo vontured to hopo that ho died peace fully.. ?-??;,.{? -,:/,., . . '.''? ' Sir, diod liko a Christian.- »Sonsiblo to tho end. I'll toll yon all about it,1' said the ox officer, linking his' arm in ours, iind proceeding slowly across tho bridgo. ' You must know, thon, that Mr. Burko was in very, reduced circumstances — health and constitution ruined. Mrs. Burko had scraped ono or two shillings togothor and bought; 11 bottle of 'B.B. (B ? British) to comfort him in his dying ntrugglos (she was sure ho must bo a ' croaker ').. I mentioned the fact to Mr. Okoy. Mr. Okoy koops. tho Horo of Waterloo, Waterloo-load. H11 ovidontly folt hurt. ?Whatl Deaf Burko dio with B.B. in his in-; side? Nover ! whilst I havo a bottle of palo ! Hero, captain,' taka this bottle of palo' to tho Deaf 'Un! If anything can onro him, this is' the stuff that will do it. If not let him drink what ho likes of it, and die as gamp as ho lived.' I h.astonod to Burko with tho palo. Mrs. B. immediately poured out a biimpor. He drank it, and for the momont, we had hopes for it. :'Will you havo another 'r' asked his affootiouato spouse. Ho nodded his head. &ho; caught up, in tlio hurry, tho wrong bottle, and II Hod the tumbler from it. -It-was: lif tod to thu'mouthof tho Deaf 'an. Dying 'iis~lio was, ho still prosorvod his faculties oloarljv ' Ho spat tlio B.B. from his lipsVuttorod thoLwordB,' .'Okoy 1 Okey I O ? -' foil bank, and cipirod as calmly as ft Chris tlan/i'^W -^t,..- .;.'.. . \- Btitthis-if it servos to furllitr illuslruto Iho character of the Doaf 'Un—is scarcely tho orthbdox'manhur of telling 11 story. It is in iudioious to kill the leading actor before bo has finished playing his part: so lot us ': hark back' to 1843, and revisit somo of tho old well-known 'fast' hdusesof the Itayinurkot, whoro wo httvo hail many a ? . Well, perhaps., it will bo bettor to draw tlio ourtnin ovor our own nxporivuecs there, sinco it is bo long r.go. Any way,, ovorybodv who paw lifo in tho Went End at Hint time- and who didn't-? must recollect Bob Castles. Ho wus a groat big fellow, standing quite six Toot, woll;dr«83od, aud with a pleasant, insiniiatiiig, rollieking indnner. Ho know everybody tni town, ami for h. novice who had just loft tho paront'H wing, and was all anxiety to pec life in London, it wus Bob who could introduoo him to the gavest BUppor-roonn, and the protticst villa at St. John's Wood— to tho elite of the prize-ring, and the noblest of its supporters. Castles wan, in fact, tho gufdo, philosopher (?),. and friend (?) to all two youthful aspiring .' touts ' who longed to got bohind the acenos,, wlioro thoy woro lured into the vortux of vice and plouuro which too frcqiinutly ended iw ruin. It was «ither nt Muthor liinuraon's, 'I'ho Wiiterford Anns, or tho Finish in Juuiex Hlrec.'i-wo forgot v.-hich-thal, in tho uinall liourn or Ilio morning, lliolk-uf'Un and Bob Canllos met. Of course they wuro well ? ao(|tiuinted witU each otlwr, and tho bullying tob uover minsod au opportunity of creating fun at Jcni'B oxponso, frequently making uso of his infirmity to carry out his cuds. On 'i thiB ]-articular occasion Master Bob had not J only been indulging in chaff, but vauturod to ! play somo practical joke. Thin thu Deaf 'Uu ' resented, and koiiio high words ousued, Jem warning 'Mister Bobs ' that if ho didn't}' look out 'ho'd just punch his pimples.' Castlos dared him, and tho upHhot of tha wrauglo was that an nrrangomoiit was m:ulo then au,l there that thoy fihould meet in throo week k lime, and settlo tho diuputo in tho rinif % for .£50 a side. | Bob Castles had had somo experience? although limited, as a pugilist, having fought! , and boatou Bill Bailey at Portsmouth Jtaces 111 1827, and recoived a licking from Paddyj Flynu at Coluoy Hutch in lSiiS. Both mei»J woro past tho meridian for pugilists, aufil wero. naturally a deal off-color, consequent, upon the life thoy had been leading. But ' ' thoy wore in earnest, und tho mill waa looked . upon with interest umougut the I'anoy., Hav ing such a short timo to improve their condi tion thoy got to work nt once. Tho Deaf 'Uu solected the Fivo Bells, Putnoy, whereat to tako his breathings, and Bob Castles went to ' Hichmond Hill. j ? Tho ovontful day speedily arrived (Monday, ' Juno 13, 1843), und as it had boon decided t»i mako an aquatic excursion, wo found our-l selves off Waterloo Bridge, in tho Nymph steamer, at eight in the morning, all ready to 1 start. Tho weather wan all that could bo I desired, wo wero supported by numerous Corinthians, and tho ring was well ropro-1 sonted. Wo cast oft', and at 8.15 woro steam ing quickly down the silent highway, debark-:.1 ng at Itainham iu Essex. The coinmiFsary 1 ost no timo in driving the stakes iuto c, beautiful velvety bit o£ turf, Tho ropos-1 wore mado taut, and all was in readiness, for tbo Deaf 'Un's 'labt nppearnuco in, publio.' Tho colors wero tied to tho stakes! (blue bird'»-oyo for Jem and white bird's-eye ' for Bob), and at precisely twenty-minutes to two o'clock tho combatants entered tho arena, Burko esquired uy'Culleii and Jerry Donovan, ' Castles by Tom Itedio and Fullor, and at tha call of ' time.'- both camo to scratch with a light step for' ??,..?' Eouudl.— Thero stood James Burke, but: not with the hard, muscular,- graceful fifniro of former Juys. Tho same attitude, and the sanio half, puzzled, h'ulr.comicul expressiuu ou liis lnu^, wera prosont, Imt there was a'want of that 'majCBtvof I'orui that liad'cliamcteiaBed his itimearoncc ' beforo ho wont to America, and bis old friends shook their heads aua oaid noUiiug. . Castles wa': a good, woll. modelled specimen, '-'ami certainly lookMl inoro foriiiidiililo tlmn the old veteran. iiIiLoukIi tliera wiik uot tho breadth uwfl Lulaaco altottt liis lt'uro tbat bolonBed to .'Jem. They ? commenced with a Jow artful feints, both tryiuit to Iind an O'KninL-, ana Ciistle-j tried liis luft. Jem stopped it' in Ilia old qtiiou uiuimcr and j^ot nearer to )uc man, who lu.tnab'cdiomitasliKUtouainon tbe cheek, art iu a i-jUy which MJorced, tho Deaf ',Va got down 011 his knees. ..... , . , ? Eoiuuls 2 ana '.—Castle's now carao up manfully to liis work, Imt the Deaf 'Uii was outlic alert and ' evidently iilnyniB a waiting fame' - ire found it no EO, however, Oastlca being rcocautioiis to l;o diuwa on, so Jem lot go ut .the ninrk, and Bob quickly -returned a smart' v.-haci on the ir.x. 'i'horo w:is i lively rally, and' down wont Jem iii '? a pmyina ; attitude ouco more. ? .-,?.-??-. - .- .? Kouuds -1 to 7.-Cus'tles was.tiie'flraf Ioid™nc3- and the Deaf ' Un appeared to bu in .uij p:uT'icnl.'ir hurry to resume. Some o£ tue'roisrc-uM-riishloncd blows were delivsretl, tot-.ic tue'eed of nearly ? . overv round tho 'Deaf 'Uu eloctea'to bo tlte'llrat ' down, lntbc seventh, after au ??xeltins i-illv, ia which Hob eertKiuly rec-oivcd inost-pniiialiiiioiit.' Mievi-.'inic to clow.qnurtcrs, and Caaties, ui .-tlio ?? luitoiiishnicnt of the Deif 'Un' and liia aiipiioftcr*, 'nuiglit him by tlio lui- und gave -.liini' a s;)!endid. Iioundd S to 12.— Bui'kc came ..rip- slowly; and . suspicions that iiOtnctliiuK wus-wroii' woro'onter* talnod. ?? It's all over with the 'Uciif*Uu,'was the cry. ' His ruptiu-o is flown, audho'dMici llahtto' lialiero at all.' Onu gentleman oCercd Iu) to i; ., rigaituit hiui without receiving aiiv rctfPOuBC. and i& certainly did appear.as if ttio iu'an of ?niuuy.battloi wus going 'to cut ui« nt the finish iu nuythins bub a credlhibki-iiuuiuer. 'Iliit, Caetlon did not scum to have resolution enough to its' ia and wiu, ami at tur u few more blows wero oxchiin^ea the Dtaf'Uu ijot aown, ainmrently ,vevy .weak: 'When ho canio nn 1 again lie held his riflit nr;u and 10 pirdcd it as- if souiotliiae wero/amiM, vriUi it. After u. ... smart ? scniiablo Uiey hotU went down, aud oil coming up ?Boli-li'ad a l»uuni about the sizo of tt llou'e t'(,-' over his forchcuil. HiBBuooudowiidthatBurto had butted him,- and claimed the foul, but it was overrnlefl, 'and they wont atit ogata hammer and tongs until the Deaf ?Un camo to earth with Bob ou-tho top of him. Ou resuming Crtsttos luudctlu crtishor on Jem's month, and repeated the doso, bnt tlie'Doiif 'Uii hero .put in one of his old famous riglit-biiudei-8 ou Bol/a face, which left a long gush 'across liis check, and the hopes of thu wuteruiau's pals revived. Rounds 13 tol8.— Tiic^now got to business in real earnest, and tho visitations ou tlie jjliysoga . wore so ttuvenj tlmt their comttciinuccs changed oxprcssiou. After thin the Deaf 'U11 looked very' 'roiiKy, and liis buckers' unirits descended to zero. Onstlco wns evidently fculing tho effect of the quiet livnvy Hghting,nud wheu' Jem gave him a .ri^bt handed drive' on tlio ear, that preau immeuiuteljr becomini; much swollen uud discolored, he looked voiyserious uud grappled for tho fall. Tliis timo Jem was not to bo hud* but nrtfnlly ulippcd from Ilia u-rmni und went down quietly. But in thu ncxB round tuo Deaf 'Un nulled in with his bead down, whon Castles cleverly caught it under his arm, and, giving a Cornish hug, fell heavlly.ou him. Hounds 10 to 25.— Fivo to 1 wr.s now offered on Cust'os;'- and ?' it' looked all those jjointg iu 'I113 fnvdr. Bnrko' ciinio up very 'weak, and utter a very fuw insignificant blows got down -on the . saving Milt. There wa3 Tittle to choose botweeu them iu tlicsu rounds. Join, whenever possible, husbanding his strength. Ho had received a terrible cut over tho left pyo to balance matters, and liis hobo was sorely dntunged. RouudK 20 to 3-'.— CiistlM, iu Bpito ql tho atten tions of his oecomh, camo to the scratch di- iiipini,-; elp rot from sevcinl rivulets, and it was obstrvod tltut his left hand wus much puffed through comioir in constant contact witUthS.Deaf 'Uu'a iron imu Tliere Wiis a lot of manajuvriug,, and kouic give*, nnd-tukoof 11 severe nature. In tho twcnty-uiutlx' Bob, who camo up bleeding liko a stuck pig, led oft \ and receireil a warm visitation left and right.; which notlt him sprawling. As ho faced Jem ogaiu ! it wus ovidunfc that tho man's hands were uoinff' wrotiir. lie looked as if ho were boxing with tha ISor. irloves, nud ,1cm didn't, fail to notice it. In tho ' thh-'tv.sccond round they both went down, and 11 u Bob was currieu to his comer he said lie felt strong, l-Ht-Jie- did not look it. Jem also signified, t1mt lie folt flt to 'do another hundred ronud«.' ? Kounds 33 to as.— Tito short nreiaratlon Ihor had littdaniVthelr want or coudltion were liCBiuuiiiif to;tnll a talc, aud after a few fccbl; elloiis Jmu went down ou 0110 knee. Bob rett-iiineil irom strikiiiff him':' und oxcluiaiod, ' That's Dick Wunl'v Kfiiuo. Aud up and fight liko a man!' v.. : 1 ,-. tl irtv.foiii-th Jem played tho old soldier, n.il' ,;..s dowuiiguni7riiidCaiUuspoiuted derisively „: l,i,u. but tho Deaf 'Uu only smiled aud 'took u-.\:i:-.'' at him with lrath liaiidn: Aifother smart lwly olisucd, Bob gcttiiw tlio worst of it. ltounds'.'10,37andlast ? Thetables wcreoviucntlr ' turned and 2 t,o 1 was freely offered on the Vetera-.:. Ho wa« ut this point palptibly tho strouger of ih.i tr/o and us fur arlfulucHfl-^well, tho other mm lmdit't a ' look iu.' Jem wniUiU quietly for im.i uttuck, Klaucillgr slyly down ot his oppouebi'-j daiuugc-lU»til. His own were in perfect wortr.. f order and bo felt contMcnt thut-lie would now w :.. Iu tlio hist round the- DcufUn still plavfil ti.-, waitiug irame, uud stood back, rubbing his chuu« uud head with a mischievous griu upon his mug. At last Castles let go ut, Jem's head, and a aiiur. dong rally emrac-d, when tho llcof MJ11 gave his antagonist for tho tlr«t time duriug tbo llflil a hug ? aud tlirow him with u heavy thud. 'L'iiis nnialni tho fight, which hinted ono hour and ten miimluj. Ciiutlus, although ho might huvo oouie ngtiii for another fow rounds, felt that he had not, witli.th^ condition of hi8 bauds nud tho wi:at slutu hi! »u in.tlio ghost of a cIuiiilc, so rmdontly dotcnuiuol to givo in. Tho Deaf 'Un uwirouclicl and shook him heartily by hi» swollen list, nii'l si. fiide.1 tli» l«»t apiu-aranco of both mon iu th..- roi-od uaul* 