LORD BERFSFORD'S RESCUE OF A FRENCH WARSHIP. The 7) aiUj ''hrwicjc eavs : — A private letter from H.M.S. Undaunted, at Jaffa, dated the 4tli of May, and received in London on Wednesday, brings the news of a splendid feat performed by the vessel thecommand of which Lord Charles Beresford has bod for about 16 months. Jaffa, the port of Jerusa- lem. has an evil reputation among manners. Vessels of atiy burthen have to lie off in the roads, and the coasting steamers are often obliged to carry on their passengers to Boy- rout or Tort Said according as they are northward or southward bound. In these roads arrived and anchored on the 23rd of April the French cruiser Seignelay. On Sunday, the 26th, it came on to blow hard from the westward. The Seignelay bad no steam up, and the gale increasing, first one anchor parted, then the other, aud tbe gale drove the vessel ashore on a sandbank about half a mile from the land. Tbe catastrophe, &s; it appeared to be, took place at nightfall, and the Seignelay 's captain, evidently fearing the worst, lowered a boat, which, before it reached the shore, lost two oars and its rudder. Messrs. Cook's chief boatman, Suleiman, who greatly distinguished himself by saving life from a Russian steamer three months before, plunged ioto the surf with his brothers, and brought the boat and men safely ashore. The Arab then swam off to the Seignelay with a letter offering assistance, and got back to tbe shore at half an bour after midnight, having been in the water some two and a half hours. He reported that there was no 44 hole" in the ship, so that there were hopes of saving her. But in the morning she seemed so firmly embedded that the attempt was thought desperate. So the brave Sulei man swam off again through the heavy sea, and brought ashore, hanging round hia neck, tbe captain's wife. In the course of the 27th tbe Austrian Lloyd steamer tried to render help, bnt was obliged to abandon the attempt. Then Captain Lord Charles Beres ford appeared on the scene in the Undaunted, I accompanied by tbe gun-boat Melita, Commander King-Hall. They found that the heavy sea had driven the Seignelay into shallow water ; and the Melita, which is of 970 tons sad 1,200 horse power, could not get nearer than 300 yards from tbe Frenobman, while the Undaunted, which ia ot 5,600 tons and 8,500 horse power, could no«; get further in that 450 yards outside the Melita. In other words, the Undaunted w&a; about half a mile from the Seieuelay. However, says the letter, 44 with determined work night and day, a steel wire hawser, fifteen shackles of chain cable, and the help of God, we floated her in 52 hours. The French and English worked like Trojans together." The Small Bot Tells the Truth. — It is the small boy who usually tells( things, and at tbe dinner table is his favourite theatre. A bright little fellow peered into the di8h at the head of the table, and exclaimed, " What a little chicken for so many people 1" The com- pauy smiled surreptitiously, aud his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But he was like Banquo's ghost. After they had all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly tit up, and, clapping his hands, be shouted: "Oh, yes. I know now, mamma. This is tbe tittle chicken that was ill so long in the yard, ain't it !" 