" ON A RANCH. IN THE WILD WEST. Rounding Up the Catties Gallant Mexican Horsemen. Splendid Spanish Cattle — The Vaqueros— Lightning Sketches from the Ranees. Among the lower foothills of the Sierra, in that section where tho famous Table Moun tain frowns froni its black, precipitous heights across the rooky spurs, in tersected by moist swales and high alluvial valleys, Calaveras county (Cali fornia) is well adapted to stock ranching. Even in the earlier days, when tho mining industries wero in their glory, these ranges were well stocked with hardy Spanish cattle, which were the most easily obtained, though choicer breeds might have flourished as readily in the mild, equitable climate. Satin-skinned Jerseys would havo been satisfied with tho luxuriant wild oats that tufted tho bills to their very summits and turned the plateaux with tho changing seusous into vast meadows of living emerald or of tawny gold. . Notwithstanding all the changes that have come and gone siuco those bygone days when the Mexican ranoho was in its prinie, stock-raising iu California still retains much of the Mexican customs and usages, which throw about the industry a spice of spirit and dash that has a charm for 0110 whose eyes are used to oity streets or to cultivated orchards aud farm lands. Cattle left to l-oani upon theso foot-hills, with all thoir rich verdure and fiuo shrubbery, find natural shelters provided in every chap- pural thicket, natural springs along the ravines and canyons, and even natural salt licks which aro' not unwholesome. Instead of developing the coarse and hardy qualities that characterise tho cuttle droves of the great West, where the typical cowboy finds his occupation, those retain much of tile fineness and spirit of the rufifi frnm wliir»h fhov enttin<r. Thw ih noticeable in the graceful curves of their 1 long, winding horns, iu'theii slender necks: and weil-shupurl head9, and in the sparkle of ; the knowing Spanish eyes, as well U3 in the I rapid movements of the herds. Some time ago I was a guest at old Four Springs ranch, I when it was owned and managed by the lute i Hiram Bavis. On the evening of my arrival a rationing which was to take place next day was being discussed, and I wondered at tho Spanish term which wus familiar to all except myself. "Eli ! So you don't knpw what rodeoing cattle is?" said our host, with a twinkle in his eye, Then lie went on to explain the modus operandi of a "round up." Before tho first notes of the wild birds were heard the next morning we were astir. The ranch hands wero out milking, and the milk waggons wore soon rattling off ; to town, crowded with full, Bhining cans. Long before sunrise the milk cows were turned out to pasture, the calves were driven from their stable to u pasture I of their own, towards which they wore j hurried by generous licks from u loug, I snapping bliicksnukc, tipped with brass at I the butt und thonged with buckskin. This is a popular whip in the mountains. It j cracks and snaps in airy flourishes up and J down those Bteep and rugged grades, : | wherovor the mule train winds its slow ami 1 ! creaking course, or the cuttle droves jinglo I their copper bells. 1 But tho soft mountain dawn advances, and in tho tender twilight still other | souuds break upon tho air. TI10 carolling j of house finches and of mocking birds, the I harking of cattle dogs and tile shrill squealing of hogs thut come scampering homo from the woods for their grain de note that the day is begun. The cackling of fowls and gobbling of turkeys, tho countless noises of a prosperous mountain j rancli in the morning, at length gave way to ono more unusual. It is the rumble and tramp of oattle droves, the clang of their bells and the shouts of their drivers. Hero they come, bellowing along Read's turnpike from the east , and from the west. From the south, on the old Knight's Ferry- road, and along the trail from Hie Quail Hill mine, drove after drove, some largo and sleudy, some small and restless. Spanish cattle, with foam on their flunks, great loggy Hnlqteins, with the milk streaming on oither sido as they trot, bellowing, behind their calves ; vicious mongrel steers, with heads pitched down in readiness to use their horns, and great, thick - neckcd bulls that are somehow always half mad, their eyes starting and bloodshot and their forefeet pawing up the earth, as l imy roar and toss the flakes of foam from their mouths. The corral in which tho cattle are collected is of the old Mexican type, a. roomy, level space inclosed by a stockade. This wall is a formidable barrier to the horned cuttlo. They cannot see through it nor leap over it, nor pry it apart with their living spears. The Btockude is formed of closely-sot oak posts, charred at the lower ends, and which are set into a deep trench, above which they rise some 12ft. or 15ft. The corral is iu the shape of a rude parallelogram, with large white oaks at tile irregular corners, and one stands ivitiiiii the inclo3urc conve niently near the further end from the gate. With tramp and bellow and clouds of dust, on they come. The vaqueros shout- ing iju 1 11a 1 ciu up 1 mm vv new : in a clear soprano, tlieir foamy mustangs clattering up ami down tiie lines, their spurs jingling uud flashing in the sun, thoir scar let sashes and slouched hats in koeping with tho heavy ornate Mexican saddles upon which tlioy sit so gracefully make a picture as tlioy uppoar. Their cruel Spanish bits flash and cut and sprinkle blond from tho months of the mustangs, which are thus kept well in haud in spite of tiie untiimeablc and treacherous spirit common to this breed. At about 11 o'clock a oloud of dust rises in the north on tho Salt Springs Valley- road, and the sounds of a drove from that direction becomes distinct. This road winds directly by the west front of the rancli house, and the young hostoss, in tier light, travelling dress, comes out upon tho porch to see tlicni pass. Tho Mexican vaqueros 011 such an occasion as tho present appear at their best. When young they are handsome fellows, tail and lithe, bronze- skinned and agile, with the beauty of the glowing, passionate South. Tlioy have quick eyes, black as night and sharp as thoir own keen dirks. A glimpse of the fair faco of my hostess brought out all their love of gal lantry and siiow. No foreigner at the court of Spain ever looked upon a hull fight with more wonder and interest than I experienced as I vvatched tiie liords speed past. Now. a Spunish cow, with long straps dangling from her throat and breast, pitches down her winding horns, sharp as arrow points, and would havo trunsfixed that vaquoro's mustang through tho ribs but for tho quick jork of the Spanish bit that makes the terrified horse rour and stand upon hie hind legs. Ho has scarcely shot forward again whan there coinus a bull rushing along liko a hurricane, his tail straight out, his head pitched down and the froth flying from his roaring throat. The rider dallies, all bright as hu is with his red silken scarf and flashes of silver and steel, almost against tho torro's horns, which are stiff and B'rong as iron spikeB, and he misses thoir desperato thruBt by a hair's breadth. But another wild cow is charging be hind him and a couple of steers aro making for the garden fence, to the horror of put- lady, who turns to flee. In an instant tho gallant vaquero lias avoided the cow and Bkiffithed the fence. He waves his hand as ho looks back with a smile, while the steers dash to tho herd, as if impelled by fear of thoir muster. Ah, they know .their masters, those Mexican cattle ! The intrepid vaqueros wero not constantly among them for nothing. Even a bull would turn from tho spirited mustangs, unless goaded to blind fury, but the wild cow with tho young calf— why, a lioness witli cubs could not be fiercer nor more formidable. Sho was quick and furious and undismayed at all the powers that be. Many a gallant mustang and cattio dog have lost thoir lives by a darting thrust from her long, sharp horns, whilo the vaquero himself has made good his escape by an adroit leap. and a bound to Bomo chapparul thicket. Ono of the most remarkable tilings which cume to my notice 011 my visit wttH tho whitened skull and horns of one of those wild Spanish cows. It wa9 a most gruesoino tiling, as is hung, creaking, upon a post at tho gate that separates Four Springs ranch from Church's ranch, on the Salt Springs valley road, a least u mile from any liuniun habitation. The great bloaching skoleton of that bony face, with hollow eye balls and long, winding horns, showed still the bullet holes through which had oozed the fiery brains. It stared down, the veritable ghost of the fierce creature whiuli had gored a vaquero aud brought down his snorting mustang. The horns, unusually long and winding, were tipped with jetty points and pitched sharply forward. They measured nearly Oft, throughout their curving length and across the skull from tip to tip. Features no less rcmarkabto than thoso cruel horns are the marks by which the dif ferent owners distinguish their herds. There is a cow speckled black and glossy as coal. Her tail is tipped with a heavy natural curt that touches the ground, and from lior broast dangles one or even two ribbons of fur, which wero formed by slitting from her breast long narrow pieces of tho hide, which are still attached at one end so that tlioy heal. A similar tail, sonic three or four inches long, flops just abovo her nose, and Iter ears arc a study of slits and " swallow forks," "slopes" and "undorbits," and "crops," to uso the terms of the cattio ranches. But this is not all. Her hips and shoulders are sure to be branded. The Bavis brand wnB tho single outline of a inilkoan in minia- ! tare placed upon the left hip, and it was u Bimplo design compared to others, some ! showing even three large letters. Tho j Mexican brands outrivalled them. Somo ; idea of the indescribable figures that wero seared with red hot irons upon living flesh i of the cattle mav bo fruitier! fi-mn the nni-mn. panying illustrations. Standing out in roughened, furry sours were the box, star, stirrup, triangle, c ictus, wheel, circle, dashes, and numberless other designs similar to those seen upon the vast herds of tho Texas lunges, 'i'lio ribs, rump, neck or flunk — almost any part might bo pictured with these hieroglyphics. Excited by tho drive, the cattle keep whirling around tho corral, while the vuqucros stand, some with lassoes catching thoso that need attention ; some heating the irons at the open fire, glowing and smoking at hand, while others with their keen dirks sli. and cron the bloody markings with won derful nerve and dexterity. Yon little heifer with horns just budding on her forehead is chosen as the uext victim. There conies the vaquero, his sinewy form alert ami straight, his chest heaved out and his head thrown buck, while his keen eyo takes aim. The lasso is eoiled upon his arm, the noose whirling above his head. Wliiz ! whiz 1 and as the heifer flies along the grace ful line shoots out, and in an instant alio is out short in her flight by tho ohnking noose that brings her to her knees. Struggling and bleating she is dragged townrds the tree and several convenient stakes, her hind and forc- legsfu9tened, while, quick as thought, tliercd- hot iron glows, tlie dagger flashes, tho blood spurts, und tho searing of her burnt side fills the air with the odor of burnt flesh and hair. Her quivering ceases, and her fawn-like eyes swim in a dying look from the sudden pain and shock. Instantly she finds herself tree, and with a bound she is off, bleating aud smarting. Stung by the pain, she leaps and cries again, until she is lost in tho whirl, which still yields up unother victim. Tlie groat Spanish bull, tipping tho Bpales up into tho thousands of pounds, armed , with his enormous, strength ami horns, and struggling and bell.otying in desperate terror, ' is as helpless in tho hands ot these lithe Mexicans as tlie young heifer, though 3I10 was aa light as a deer. And so the work goes on until the noonday sun beats down upon tho glimmering verdure, the birds are silent, and tbe zephyrs have forgotten to rnstlo tlie leaves. Far down across tho gorges beyond tho Table Mountain and purple peaks tho snowy summits lift, their cool brows heaven ward, and waft their pure, refreshing breath across the intervening space of 80 milcB. Washed and dusted and combed and cool as only Mexican vaqueros can bo the men came up to the house uiul took their places at tho table in tho long, low dining-room, with its western windows thrown open, and the soft, blue chintz of the walls cast ing a refreshing Bhudo all about them and upon the hearty viands, for rodeoing is hard work, ami gives a good appetite. But a rare treat brought the sparkle to their dusky eyes when the young hostess at length came in, and seated at the head of the table, poured out their lea aud coffee, or great foaming goblets of creamy tr.ilk, and haudbd about a generous dessert. This made a great impression upon thoin, for thoy were naturally gallant and never forgot the compliment, always afterward showing an extra good will to old Four Springs and ull that belonged to its owner. Tho afternoon was spent much as tho morning had been, and before sunset tlie last drove of cattle was harried away over the hills and nut of sight among the lengthening shadows. The "ring doves cooed softly from the pme woods in tho west, tho hogs came squealing at tho ranchor's call, and the milch cows wore drivon homoward from tho pastures,' through daisies and buttercups knee deep. 