EVENTS & RUMOURS. "Open your ears, for which of you will stop The vent of hearing when loud Rumour speaks." —Shakespeare. Rain, nothing but rain, during the last few days. Suitable for Mariannas in lonely moated granges, but not for business. "Another contribution for the poor little heathen" will hardly be responded to after the late atrocities by Chinese. The funeral of Mr. Wm. Low, Sen., on Wednesday, attended by a number of leading residents. Influenza is gradually disappearing from our midst. Talk about General Booth's submerged tenth; the submerged streets of Ami dale, especially at the West End, can hold their own. Very few cases at the police court lately. Race horses partially prevented from exercising by the late wet weather. However, the meeting on Boxing Day promises "to hum." Butter made by the travelling dairy finding favour in Armidale. The Protectionist Government have nailed their flag to the mast. "Up with the red flag, down with the blue." A good and equitable tariff. The country expects of the labour party "that every man this day will do his duty." A large black snake, in a torpid condi tion from the late cold weather, killed by Mr. Ross, of Ben Lomond. Premonitory signs of the schools break ing up for vacation. Several ladies were spectators of the late fire at Bank Cottage. Good progress being made with tbe additions to the Municipal Library. "You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear," and a critic, like a poet, is born, not made. Doctor and Madame Duflot kept con stantly at work, attending patients at the Imperial Hotel. Probable that a portion of Sell's great circus will visit Armidale and other towns. Attention is drawn to Professor MGil livray's advt. He teaches his pupils to "witch the world with noble horseman ship." Christmas annuals promise, this year, to be more than usually interesting. Inquest on the late fire next Monday, Rather a wet blanket on the store- keepers' half holiday last Wednesday. Another sitting of the local Land Board. It is to be hoped that buildings will soon be erected on several vacant blocks caused by the late fires. The whole of the machinery for the chilled meat works at Tenterfield has ar rived. £100 handicap pigeon match advertised in this issue. Nominations, £1, close on Januaiy 9. The continuous heavy rains have de stroyed much of tbe cherry crops, small enough in many localities without such a visitation. Crops of hay have also been destroyed, and many farmers will be heavy losers. Another wet harvest would cripple our farmers, who suffered heavily last year and the year before, but were hopeful of a good harvest this year. Mr. Egeson's predictions evidently caused the clerk aloft to turn on the water spout just when it was not required. The cold rains experienced this week will seriously effect sheep just shorn. There were no selections at Armidale yesterday. Attention is drawn to the dates fixed for nominations aud acceptances for Box ing Day Races, as per advt. Heavy rains again yesterday. Business very much retarded by the continuous bad weather. Mr. Win. Low, who died last Tuesday, was aged 52, and had been in the colony 32 years. The various mines at Hillgrove, on the whole, are looking well. [AUSTRALASIAN EVENTS SINCE LAST ISSUE.] MR. Stenz informs the Inverell TIMES that he has finished his shearing at Para- dise Valley, the sheep cutting 5lbs. to 6lbs„ as against 4lbs. last year. The wool is clean, being free from burrs and grass seed. Mr. Stenz, who is known to be a good sheep-farmer, and one who works-his pro- perty on economic lines, complains bit- terly of the heavy rent placed upon his conditional leases, the Board having risen them from 2½d. to 5d. And this is the case in many other in stances ; in fact many farmers have in formed us that they intend giving up their holdings, as they cannot pay the rent. The week of self-denial by tbe Salvation Army, Inverell, realised over £50, thus topping tbe whole of the towns of the northern division. Notwithstanding that rent is low in Inverell, there are a good many vacant cottages in various parts of the town. Several stockowners were proceeded against in the Albury Police. Court on Monday and fined for trespassing on stock reserves. Two miners, J. McNulty and M. Shaw, were both suffocated by foul air on Tues day, at Mt. Carrington mine, Drake. Both leave a wife and family. Mr. Buchanan, Stipendiary Magistrate, is dangerously ill. His death is expected at any moment. The English cricketers arrived in Syd ney on Wednesday morning. As the 3 o'clock train was leaving the Hobart station on Monday, the wrong points were opened, and the train dashed down a shunting line, the engine pitching over a steep embankment. The engine pitched on end, standing almost perpendicular, thus preventing the carriages leaving the line. The train was heavily laden with passengers, but no one was injured. It was a miraculous escape. On Monday afternoon, at the Town Hall, a presentation was made to the Mayor of Adelaide,Mr. L. Cohen, M.L.A., of a full-length portrait of himself, as a token of the esteem in which he is held, and in recognition of his civic services and social qualities. A severe hailstorm occurred at Walcha on Saturday last. The pay at the Grafton colliery last week was £1700, but work is likely to be slack for some time. The rainfall at Kiama during the month of November was 372 points in 14 days. An old man named James Farley fell into the harbour at Port Adelaide on Sun day, and was drowned. The Mount Morgan Co. has declared a dividend of 6d. per share for November. A brilliant meteor was seen at Dubbo on Friday night from east to west. The place was illuminated with a bluish white light for over 10 seconds. A three weeks' crushing from the New Pinafore mine of 605 tons of quartz gave 1414oz. retorted gold, which was inspected by a large-number of people in the Laun ceston Exhibition the other night: John Chant, charged with causing the death of the child Smith, has been com mitted for trial at Newcastie. The census returns of South Australia show that there are 351 persons in the colony over 85 years of age, of which 149 are men and 202 are women. Of the latter, one is 99 years old, two are aged 101 and 105 years old respec tively . The Imperial Institute committee are pressing for payment of the New South Wales subsidy promised by the Jennings Government. An inmate of the Hobart charitable in stitution, named Hepworth, in a sudden fit of delirium, stabbed himself in the throat with a penknife, and then jumped clear through the ward window, alighting 20ft. below. The man had a marvellous escape from injury. He is over 70 years of age. A visitation of locusts which appeared at Mildura (Vic.) about a month ago has now almost disappeared. Out of about 20 locusts caught on Mon day morning, 15 were found to have a maggot parasite lodged in the throat, and it is believed that the virulence of the pest is due to that cause. Specimens are being forwarded to the Government Entomologist for his con sideration. Alfred John Akeroyd, who pleaded guilty to a charge of appropriating cheques the property of the Pastoral, Finance, Trust, and Agency Company of Austra lasia, was on Tuesday, at Sydney, sen- fenced to three years' imprisonment, with hard labour. The Government have decided against any increases in the salaries of Civil Ser vants, and the increases proposed by the late Government have been knocked off by the present Ministry while preparing their estimates. The quantity of sugar exported from the various ports of Queensland from the 24th October to the 20th November was 4122 tons, making a total of 25,363 tons, during the present season. Mr. Stanley thinks Australians more closely resemble the Americans than the British. He advises coloured labour where climatic conditions make it desirable. The influenza epidemic is dying out at most of the country places. A fencer in Braybrook (Vic.) was on Saturday morning bitten on one of his fingers by a whip snake. He immediately lopped off the part with his adze and came into the hospital for treatment. An inquest was held on Monday upon the body of an infant, which was found on a vacant piece of land at Ultimo, near Sydney, on the previous day. The medical evidence showed that death was doe to starvation and neglect, and the jury returned a verdict against some per son or persons unknown. Steps are being taken at Oamaru (N.Z.) to test the practicability of rainmaking by explosions, and money is being raised for the purpose. At Katoomba a man named J. McDer- mott has been arrested on a charge of abducting a girl aged 16, named Maty Ellen Dowling, from the residence of her parents at Liverpool. He was brought before the local Bench, and was remanded to Liverpool for trial. A saddler in Brisbane is said to have found out means for effectually protecting maize in bulk against the attacks of weevils. If this be true, Mr. Hill (the discoverer of the method) will have done something of special value to farmers, merchants, and others. It is said that the ti-tree boughs and leaves will protect corn against the weevil. It was stated In Brisbane the other day that the clergy have great difficulty in getting their stipends, owing to the dull times—although, as they point out, the people can flock to the theatres and con cert halls in thousands. Last week, at the Police Court, Dalby, James Beard (of the Salvation Army) sued Thomas Hodge for disturbing a religious congregation whilst holding divine ser vice. The defendant appeared in court accompanied by his legal adviser, Mr. Rowlands. The plaintiff, James Beard, not appear ing to prosecute, he was mulcted iu all the costs, viz., £2 2s. professional costs, and 5s. witness's expenses. There was a considerable advance in the price of maize in Sydney on Tuesday on account of the new duties. A large lot was bought at 2s. 7d. per bushel. At the Police Court, Wollongong, on Tuesday, three miners, for absenting themselves from work at the Corrimal Coal Co.'s mine, owing to the strike, were each fined £5 to £2 costs. The Police Magistrate remarked that had he been on the bench alone he would have made the fine £10 each. The body of the young man named John McQueen, who has been missing since the capsize of the boat Flyaway on Thursday last, was on Tuesday found floating in the harbour. The Rev. Father Brennan, B.A., one of the professors of the Holy Ghost Col lege, died at Ballarat on Saturday, after a lingering illness. Giles and Thompson, the two men who conspired to falsely accuse Edward Bell of burglary, were at Melbourne on Saturday sentenced, the former to two years, added to the 14 he is now under- going, and Thompson to four years' penal servitude; both men to undergo various periods of solitary confinement. Bell, who has been released, is to receive £100 compensation from the Government. The Economist states that the action of Sir Thomas Mclwraith in ratifying the Bank of England without cause will be certain to injure the financial standing of the colony, whose interests, it declares, would be furthered by his removal from the Treasury. The wayzegoose of the S. M. Herald, the Mail, and the Echo was held on Saturday at Sir Joseph Banks Pavilion and Gardens. About 500 guests were present. On Saturday afternoon Mr. Henry Lord, the acting lecturer in agriculture at the Sydney Technical College, gave another practical, lesson at Goughtown on how to break in a horse. The final sittings of the Supreme Court this year, for the trial of causes, were opened on Monday. The grape crop in the district of Graf ton was almost totally destroyed by an exceptionally heavy hailstorm on Satur day. The railway is now constructed to within 19 miles of Cobar. The fifteenth intercolonial eight-oar boat race was rowed on the Saltwater River on Saturday afternoon, and was won by the Queensland crew by three lengths from New South Wales, Victoria being last. The time was 18 minutes 45 seconds. On Saturday a contribution of £50 was received from the Bourke Shearers' Union in aid of the tailors on strike. The body of a man, name unknown, was found washed up on the Bondi beach, on Saturday, in an advanced stage of de composition. Mr. D. G. Cross, a well-known pros- pector, was killed at Warialda on Friday by the accidental explosion of a gun. The Goulburn Borough Council has de- cided to take a vote of the ratepayers as to whether the Iocal gasworks shall be purchased for £20,000. At the Newcastle Sessions on Monday, before Judge Backhouse, one case, that of Clara Thomas, for the false registration of a birth, resulted in a conviction. The Judge thought that a nominal sen- tence would be sufficient, and ordered the accused one minute's imprisonment. A very heavy thunderstorm broke over Cobar the other day. The lightning was very vivid. A cow was struck dead in a yard just at the back of tbe town. The directors of the Port Macquarie. dairy company have accepted the tender of James Martin and Co. for the supply of two separators of the most modern type, capable of treating over 300 gallons per hour. The Collar and Clifford prospecting party report striking a big reef 20 miles from Grenfell, near Oma, midway between Grenfell and Forbes. The stone is rich in mineral gold bearing, and is payable. The Rev. Robert Hamilton, D.D., on of the oldest Presbyterian clergymen in Victoria, died somewhat suddenly at his residence in East Melbourne on Monday morning. He was seized with an apoplectic fit during the brief absence of his daughter from his room. On her return she found her father dead. The deceased was born in Scotland in 1813. A conference of wool buyers and sellers was held in Melbourne on Saturday with reference to sales of wool and the condi tions under which they should take place. A difficulty has arisen between the Melbourne Gas Company and their em ployees in consequence of a reduction in wages. The export of coal from the port of Newcastle during last week amounted to 46,445 tons. Mr. F. S. Isaacs, J.P., from Maitland, the newly appointed C.P.S. at the Cen- tral Police Office, Sydney, commenced his duties on Monday. The Wellington (N.Z.) Trades Council urge that General Booth should place his outcast population on the deer parks of the English aristocrats instead of on the waste lands of the colonies. The West Maitland Municipal Council have agreed to recognise eight hours as a full day's work for their employees. David Bedlington and Moses Evans, late manager and clerk of the Northern Colliery at Teralba, hare been arrested, charged with embezzling and falsifying the books of the company. Cardinal Moran opened the new Ro man Catholic Church at Bowral on Sun day morning last. Lord Sheffield's team of English cricket ers will play the combined Australian eleven at Adelaide during the last week in March. The Central Criminal Court was opened at Darlinghurst last Monday before Acting Judge Murray. The Victorian Government has decided to allow Edward Bell £100 compensation for having been falsely convicted of bur- glary. On Sunday night St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church, West Melbourne, was entered, and the money in the poor-boxes was stolen. On Monday the Earl of Jersey per formed the ceremony of laying the foun dation-stone of the new School of Arts at Moss Vale. The steamer Monowai, which left Syd ney for San Francisco on Monday, took 55 boxes of gold specie, valued at £275,000. In the Newcastle police court, on Mon day morning, Ferdinand Jacobson was re manded to Sydney on a charge of wife-de sertion. The accused stated that he was not married to his alleged wife. At Albury an old man named Denis Lally has been killed by a kick from a horse. A child named Julius Ditchburn, 18 months old, a son of Mr. James Ditch burn, of Wallsend, was drowned in a tub of water in his parents' yard on Tuesday afternoon. The Rev. J. B. Gribble, of Adelong, in tends to resign his cure in January, in order to take charge of the Church Mis sion Station in North Queensland. Mr. T. Kennedy M'Donald, for Wellington in the New liament, has resigned his seat. Mr Lyne stated in the As Monday that the Government justified in foregoing £30,000 per by abolishing tolls on feirries. Mr. Vaughan, M.P. for Grenfell, in the Assembly on Monday that not care a straw what the Speak He subsequently apologised, on gestion of mr. Dibbs. Answering a question put by Mr. livan, the Premier informed the that Lieutenant-Colonel Bodh informed that his services will quired after the last day of this There is no immediate int necessity for appointing a suc official. Mr. Slattery intends to introd to provide for water conservation gation as early next session as The Melbourne LEADER says that M'Donald has never been able to do thing with King William since he 1200 guineas for him 12 months ago his owner, Mr. W. R. Wilson, making a present of the son of feldt and Pulchra to the Mikado of Ja together with a couple of brood mares. There are no signs of any profess sculling of more than local interest place between the end of this rater eventful year (says the Sydney MAIL). Rowing is decidedly quiet just now, so are all sports, and the public is ta very little interest in anything exc horse-racing, the very large number race meetings taking young men away from following active sports. Mr. C. J. Harris, of Brisbane, the pro- prietor of the patent totalisator, has for- warded £5 to the Gympie Hospital, and similar amounts have been sent to the Maryborough and Bundaberg Hospital, being portions of the unclaimed dividend on Ralston at Tattersall's meeting in Bris bane last year. The whole of the money, something like £200, has been distributed amongst Queensland charities. In future the Emmaville District Court will not be held ; the business will be con- ducted at Glen Innes. The owners of the Carbine silver mine,. Bora Creek, are about to send some tons of ore to the Clyde works for treatment. A little girl named Tunks was drowned in the Mehi River, Moree, on Thursday, whilst bathing. Mr. Gibson informs the Inverell papers that the rainfall at Roseneath, during No vember, amounted to 258 points, repre-. sented by six days' rain. The influenza epidemic is pretty-general throughout New Zealand, and in a much more severe form than was the case last year. Mr. Copeland announced on Monday night that the Government would support Mr. Schey's Eight Hours' Bill;.but it considered the measure would require much amendment in committee Governor Bourke arrived in Sydney this day 60 years ago. To him Melbourne owes its chessboard pattern, and also its wide streets. He is the only proconsul at Sydney to whom a grateful community has raised a statue. Egeson's drought is again swamping the country, remarks the Echo. Mr. Timothy Brien, of Hollywood, Parramatta, has been awarded the first prize of £50 for the best orchard under 10 acres. In the class over 10a. Mr. Richard Brodie, of Turramurra, near Hornsby, won first prize. Speaking at Lithgow, Mr. Joseph Cook, M.P., strongly advocated the establish ment of boards of conciliation, with a view to the prevention of strikes. A serious fire occurred on Tuesday at Messrs. Warner Bros., coach builders, Geelong; There was considerable dam age done to the building and its contents. Some 50 vehicles were destroyed. The building was insured for £500, and the stock for £2000. Mr. Justice Manning on Tuesday or dered that the Australian Banking Com pany be wound up, and that Messrs. Abigail, Bull, and Kidd (Postmaster Go- neral) be appointed liquidators. Charles Crawford, recently sentenced to three years' hard labour, attempted to commit suicide in his cell at Pentridge on Friday night. A warder, hearing a noise, looked into the cell, and saw the prisoner hanging. He was quickly cut down. He had torn a blanket and made a rope of it. The lad, Alfred Mayo, recently shot in the head, is still doing well at the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne. Two leaden pellets were extracted from the wound on Mon day. The liquidators of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land have declared a dividend of 4s. in the £1, equalling about £15,000. At Silcha Station, near Mount Free- ling, S.A., a Swag was found a few days ago. Tracks were followed, and the dead body of a man was discovered about seven miles across the New South Wales border. The man had evidently died from want of water. His name was Frederick Grant. Some sad deaths, attributed to influ- enza, have occurred at Narrabri during the last two or three days. Mrs. James Waterson died on Saturday, and her hus band was buried the day before. Mrs. Alexander Johnson, who had only been married three months, and her sister, Mrs. Joseph Facer, have also died. The latter leaves an infant a week old and three other children. Mr. Hutchison, M.P. for Glen Innes, who has been very ill with influenza for some time past, attended Parliament the other night, looking weak, wan and ex hausted. His reappearance was the sig nal for prolonged and enthusiastic cheer ing from all parts of the House. Harvesting operations commenced at Messrs. J. and D. Fraser's, Rose Valley, on Monday (says the Inverell ARGUS), and will soon be general throughout the district. A good yield is confidently anticipated, but, for reasons too well-known now to need recapitulation, the area under wheat is small compared to what it would have been were the prospects of a fair recom pense for time and labour spent a little more encouraging. A drover named J. Griffin was thrown from his horse, at Inverell, on Saturday last, having both bones of the left arm, near the wrist, broken. Mr. Cruickshank, M.P., is stirring up the Department with a view to having the bridge promised at the Tingha cross ing erected without delay. 