WIT AND H-U?MOU B. e?'INFLUENZA OR OUITFLUENZA. rDr. Oreawell, the medical expert to the Public Health Board, recommends as a means of preventing the spread of "the" Influenra, that all handkerchiefs and other linen used by the patients should be boiled immediately. We strongly advise the use of Genuine Magic Soap (Heart and Arrow Brand), as it is the best die. infectant for that purpose, and its use will keep the house perfectly sweet.-[Aorr.] A Rcau9lrr as brought up for medical in epection, and the doctor asked him: " Hare you any defects l" "Yes, sir, I am short.aighted." " Bor can yo prove it i" " Easily, enough, doctor. Do you see that nail p onder in the walli" "Yes." "'Well, I don't." A cotareroosN T wants to knbo how long eels live About the same time ashort eels, we suppose. A lrevoca Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. TaE grammar?chool girl at the boarding. house may be asked to parse the batter but not to analyse it. A younglady attending apar'ty hoold have a female chaperon until she is able to call so:m other chap her own. "Do you play the banjo?" "Not when there are any people round." "Why noti" "They won't let me." TEa coming woman will not marry untol she is able to support a husband in the style ehe has been accustomed to at home. "Sfi has her father'e eyes," said Chauppie admiringly. "Yes," sneered Miss Jetlls, "andI suspect she is wesarg her mother's hair." "Se;??-~srss"seays amodernwit,"is like a belief in ghosts; no one will admit that it troubles him, but everyone ha misgiving on the subject." ' Baruoer, Icannt allow you to receive your loverinthekitchenany longer." "It's very kind of you, ma'am, but be is almost too bashful to come into the parlour." "TnEm most geaeful of domestic animals is the cat, while the most awkward bird is the duck," says an obsrrver of nature; but it won't do to se these facts for a bazs if you want to call a woman pet names. Tox passed the parlour door just as his sister and 6er lover were concluding a confer. ,eea about something, overhearing the remark "will pat our heads together and see what we can do." Entering the library he heard his father remark of the spooning pair, " They're a crack.brained couple anyway." "Guess they're all mendednow, pop," said Tommy, "cause I just beard er' say they'd put their heads together." ocroa: "My dear Mrs. Quivrerful, how could you bring out a young child cn such a day as this? It's fifteen degrees below freezing." Mrs. Quiverful: "Ah, doctor, you illalways have your joke. ow can a child of this age possibly know anything about the thermometer i" IN THE D00E, Thehallwasdark. Iheard The rustle of askirt "IIt, ha!" though: I, "I'll catch You now, my httle flirt." Softly I sallied forth, Resolved, when I had kissed her, That I'd make her believe I'd thought it was my sister. The deed was done. Oh, bliss! Could any man resist her? Apology was made Alas! it was my sister ! Ar'ra rirt WaLtz.-The Gallant: "Really, I am intoxicatel with your beauty." The Frank Girl: "Is that it? Mamma said she thought it was the champagne." A QUnrr Issetrsnrst.-"There,' said the toy man to Billie's father, "that drum's the finest in the market. It can't be beat." "I'll take it. A drum that can't be best is just the thing for my boy." Nor Yrr Dzsrr.urrc.-Midtle-aged Spinster (as tramp comes into the yard): " What do you want here-anything to e.t?" Tramp: 'What else should I want, madam ? Did you think I came to offer a"proposal of marriage " IH WAs L'rearto .-- Dora: "I do adore dogs." Yan-Wind: "Aw, how lovely for me." "Why, how so i" "The chapp:es all say I'm such a deuced clerh dog, don't you know." Co?rrat O-r Is?corcrrors. - Mamma: "Johnny, sec that you give Ethel the lion's share of that cruge." Johnny: "Yes, ma." Ethel: "Mamma, he hnbn't given me any.' Johnny: " Vell, that's all right. Lion, dcn't eat oranges." PL-AA.'I FOR ArT:.-Aunt lHepzibah: "What a pretty gown 3ou have on. Amanda l" Amanda (jnet from the City): "I kneryou woaid like it, auntie. It'e hb.ribly vulgar and out of style at home, but I :o!d mamms it would be all right for the country. Lovely day. isn't it?" II.tr (at the bali) : " You look bored and tired, old man." Jack: " W, ll. who wouldn't. I've been swingiag dumb belles all to'e evening." Uiss van Dyvke: " Don't you dance at eal. Mr. de Witt "' Tom d Witt: "No. I h s never learned how." Miss van Dyke: " Thos nothing: Iots of men dance who have never learned how." AT a fencydress ball butt e eo ing, , I)gs met a lady of his acquai:ta:.ce mest suparticially attired in green gaoze cut very dc dte:&e.; "What a beautiful costume. MUa I ask what you represantt" "I am .o;hitrite," replied the Idr. "Ah yas thi ; odes. of the sea. I see--atlow tide, I 'dppf'h." MrI. G'rnoyr (iverelo): "WLhat time did oun get home lant nght- Ga rbv (cautiously): "Oh, a lttle after dark." M!rs. Gaybo'y: ".Afterdark: Why, it wan daylight when ron came in." Oayboy: "'Well, un't that after dark?" Evnrr one has his prie, but briles are given awar. HE- WAKS'r Ta-oKI" C'rANCli . The iron he lie like lightning ap d, O'er hill and valley swiftly tied; A couple, handsome and well-bred, Sat calmly rea ling side by ride. The lady was surpasing fair, The gallant knight was debonair, Theirs was the blithe and b'uoyant air Of youth and loveiiaes and pride. Then darkness rame with ebon hue A tunnel the were passing through; (A better coance not oft appears). Though pitchy darkness then they flew Oh, golden opportoni'y ! But did he tleal a kies' Not he, Oh. no: the reason was, you see They had been m?rried several years! 