NOVELIST,. The Van Rensselaer Ghost. tY ELLOEN V. TAOLOT. It was with antllipatlons of pleeasure that my friend, RIupert Davison complied with young Winter's invitation to spend New Year' a at his country scat. Winter had but lately been married, and wan indulging a whim for spending theo holidays in the country, at on old mansion ho head lately purchased on the Sound. The novelty of the thing war, in itself, agreeable, and thero was sure to bo nstuts whose reading alone was enough to titillaint tho palate; and though Itupett was by no means a gourmand, Ito was no more Indifferent to tile charms of quail on tosnet and devilled lobster than an. other man. Mrs. Winter was a pretoy woman, and a delighltful hobsteess, an, in lshort, my friend felt euro that his visit would prove one of tilia most delightful inoidents of the snowhound season. It weas, therefore, wilth a blillthe heart that he sltepped from tho car upon the Aster station, and inquired the way to Mr. Charles Winter's hooeo. S"It's a good thrcoailoes from here," said a man in an old army overooat. " You'd belter step into my sleigh, and I'll1 take you out for a quarter; eeome atrange thley didn't meet you, if you were oexpected," he added, with the free eouriosity peculiar to men of his class in New Euglund. "Perhape they didn't know your train," contlined the coachmar, when IRapert and his portmnnlean were safe in the sleigh. "It may he you that sent this telegram I am taking to them now. Itcamse a couple of hours ago, but the elation master, seeing no one wao dead, and the roads so bad, thought he would wait awhile until some one woe going that way." Rupert could not avoid smiling, but his thoughts were diverted by the wido expanso ofenowy fields through which they wore psr. sing; the village lay to the right, and in hbin direction was hero and there only a lonely farmhouse surrounded by its unpainted outbuildings, and. loaded with a weight of snow that seemed almost to bury it. No signs of life were visible, save a light in tho last window of the homestead, and poessibly a will wrappod and mittened man pushing hila way through the snow to his barn. "I wonder,Winter purabased in soch a lonely spot," broke from IRupert at last. "It is not so dreary il summer," aU eWvered the driver, taline itu observation an addressed to himself. ' T is is a beautiful drive then, and Mr. Winor has plenty of hores ; he's no call to stay hlers but when it is pleasant, and no fool knows whet ho wants to be coming now for. It's a grand house, though." IRupert, asking a low questions, elicited the knowledge tlhat the house had been owned by an old Scoltch family as a homen stead for lflfty yearn, but as the older mnesa. bros of the group parsed away none of the younger cared to live on tho property. nod it led LuEoon old. Tie mn, howeaver, dropped hints tleut there had been other reasona for disposing of it ; what these were lupert could not elenitely direoovr. ' There it stalidP," said the driVer, poiot' nlog with his whip at a large, square house that muet, in senmar, lhavse beos nearly hidden by tihe folinge of the eoircling ohbest. not trees. "You eoo that a rnumber of now. fashioned hlouses have been built near it by other city vwells, making it look lis tire gsranodmother of the lot." iThe large gatb stood open, and tlie eleigl jingled merrily uD to thi door. At bse0ouned of the bellse the latter was opened wide. throwing a bloaze of light over the snow, and permittiog a young man to spring into the frosty air and seize Rtupert by tlie hand. " Unlooked for hbut always welcome," oried Charles Winter, "though I did expect you earlier this evening, osed only gave you up on receiving no tesseago." IRulpert referred Mr. Winter to the tele. gram which thleodriver produuced, nod to twor young mon entered ithe warm, brilght hall of she house; hero Report was received by rle. rl'iuior, appeariog more than ever of desirable pelttiness. 'I am glad you did not wait until a still later train," sho said, playfully, "ftor it in New Year's laIve, the time for tell cerio things to be abroad; and though I haveo brought you into the very Ihomo of a ghost, I would 0ot wish you to beo spirited away on the road by nets." "Are thoere ghotLa in Now Euglaud?" oaid Ilepoert " In Now tEn lnd I The very haunt of ghosts l I thin the old Puritanu, finding how much they lost which they might have lad on arth, coslea lipping around now so ses nobat they can got," "And have yout a ghost hero?" asked Reuport. I"11'eh I" said ires. Winter, with raeised fingr. ."If there is one, perhaps you may roe it,' " I fervently hlopo so," replied ttruptrt, to ute Iurried to mako ready for lieu waiting lie was not disappoiteld in the muental ore vi'o he hoeadt of the guuestl ie would meet; tIore were two other mecr beside his 'tee alnd himeolf, lithe elder of whom was ir lietsral Gordon, and na old Southern uncle et Uli. Wiut'r, oye a heesiteoua visit tu tlhe / crlj, tirl ineeoiblu old follow hle invcter abtly dillered wilth ovorylbody, anod Jet one of lien sosest kindleaurted mncu living. ILothleor was a srnee of forty or more, a oon of the coltiteg god of day, oiteg a groin setrclhant from Mo iaote; iet ho all tith loateleasees generally aboribed to lthoo of tihe Nel as far as hiI mrnator wont, but he albo aso. coaleotl under tie nppearuteuc his own individ etulity. There was not wantling tile ooutenance of fair dnaao, oillier. l rso.\Vintcrwa bustttitned by lieu innocent, thcoolgirlisel daughter of li nera IIo ldon, and naothtr friend, a Ming 'l'o lalelo tns ot t ile elorne. ltee roott, "vniuoeoted with oak to lita ocilitet a tlieu lOared in tile deep olhimtoyplneu, ned caol dlueingl slhadows oil the walla l llteu tall, uoi~luwootld mahogan'y fburnesture thie Ih lie was rit willth odtet at hoo vy titvano I:toli Stikor, iho air of the wholte eoig t ui tte i Iperlest hu vrid hoe filt transported intlo ott tf tihe rarue old inotericr of rlving or fltw. Mtirore, "Is not my lfurnitlure lhrmingly litled to tihe Ihouseo" lsked hMr,. Wintier, as the de ert wanoo hrotolot on, and aol oo ro beginning to ofeel ininl and tonlktlivly die.d poed. "ft woolol havo boel uhn oul ot honve oon of liona old onoo onrrnnstd in te modern way, nold moo; forluwntlly the Von Itendec htor lot no take all int furtmitur wilth tie hounse.' Tho ghllonst thiron in 1" inquired it (pert.le Ono wtold bhoo thongh they totad lonoon ito pnl it tp and carry it oawany toith Itnl; a gtost ion areo tmhing to have in a oamily quit a di0oiniuiohod otruh. I ottnll be lteopltd to alopt it for ty oon of I ent find init." " You migllt aons nell nlt oy diotnondte," acid lile lady. I would put yoo under Orrnt just no soono." Wolhat in the otcry of thie glost, COusin Iltin?" onked diolt (tCodon. " Liy dI n child I lav you want me to tenll you iohont stnory at the dinner toble " ariod Mot. otr. No, I sholl tell you when you and Alia come into my drlusiong. room the lost thing at 1ight, and lhone gtolo. mento are stoil onoking and rIlyninn down talirs ; ion da, like ' ad' and Modgo,' no will oi and omb our boanutifol hair,' otd limo some one Otlaon, 00 ellnonge storio of liea anls of kingo.' I oninsit pon all tloe aur roulndingo." " And are no poor men only to form otto ghost onut of thie moke of our niork 7" nid oIlopeol. 001 four I obhll sben a ihoolo listener." "I es all Itlae Charles to tell you lhe story,' replied the nestc, glancintog at ler husband, owho hppovrod c innulrly grave. 1 reolly thobin h morn thain bhalf believes inn 11.1 " 0 1ooh - nooneeus -glhosts I" Foid the uncle' SThebn it in not truo " osaid Edilt Gordon. "You nhllonhibor and juolgo for yotrsell't cousin I bolio n the fanct f the lady's lilfe, beforn Rhn bcoamo a ghloon, ran be vochloeo for. I rxpect to hlaoe yoi and nAlien listening witll riousin attention to niglt to tier en. mantin story." oI oannot pronlieo for tiheon rinoily of one," alod Mine Ellolor, in a folt, muaionl voice. The tale will rot io a new one toI me." Tio sound of lir onion drew Ilpo port at tention to Alic, whloon he had hardly noticed befora, as she oat falthest oron lhoml at onhe table ; onc drawn, he woas bld oy a ong. notiom that conlrainral lim to regard lomer eovry movement, and wait for every woro she mgbhnallrr inquiret nro. oYinte. tIn bun noot. Night otter in that rih voiceb ie hs cut froned tlhat it in diffioult to describo the peculiar charm ai0t Mine Ellol r c;brcisod over him, althougl he alleges that her boanty wan of nB uncommon hind; a Inta paln anol oxquioitivoly out, no thongh in ivory. ligohted by the glot of bher lark eyes, and shaded by thnight of inor silken hair; a well rounded form noo a hiand and arm the mout perfe1t os had 0er seen0. Iteo dress of lhire India pongeoe aodded to l er atatnosqun opponnonon and to lloport'n oar. oination, for lo had over contended thot white was the ono robing in which benuty radlieod his ideal. ia eyesn, gathering every detail, took in also a carious emeroldlocket that on1 of iher owhite throat. To my riper experience there wan liltle myostlrios in ihe attention of an urdent young fellow0 libo my ofriend bing liold ro suno a crtuonre, though he insists th thlo ler wan a depth of spirit and powa r about heI that altrtod heoy ond her bearnty. le tItl on itmay. Iloporlt tll tintautly flbhoms deny in love with ilice ll dler, wlich it hois heriad no in a wirl that ho could with doliullty nt. tend to anyllhing vioe. "Wmg. Alicn, wcire hrae you heard of my ghost 1" intluired nlon. Vteairo. I did nol now thnt you had been iu thin part of the country before." t haon n0ot," said Allct, Elloler; bu hoof although I am tun alqua inlt with my cousins, my mother wran a sitter ol the last Van IRenselaer that lined in thin iouron." ad sligt rclanmationo scaperd tHamilon, th y gtnt from loinoouri, ohich lie instuontly eonaollcd ;bal It port hobseved that hoe lo bad firhed hs nogardy on the oo luny, nand was coneciout of on ugly feeling thai desired ne ononun toolnd te cnge ol his go tn nome lees oo cred qhnatr. 'Thlis is itdronting aboor all titingo,"' olid oher bolno, wit a otttlitog booe. "As the giost is the daoghter of the aold gentilenan, surely oluooeill ap00eart you I would m p pear to Edihl, hlere, were I a ghost. The lady has beon onont unorlciol with me, bat I tave set my heart otl hr aoppenarin to som one to nifgh, nod noo tome one ishro t witho whiom he in eonIceverl, si un utot In elud. tout ;ll not he afraii 1" " Not of Ihbo itor girl," said Alice. boll nmiling, a flarut Gtila lihe ncutaliglh oet snow-. o0 cou:t tootl ' onoboimod the unolne, Mohnro noould '" '1 I think lhat I eeouldo if 1 non oher," ohioar and I:lisroh mre. Wiautlr liothnd her hand in hter hul. htand's arm no tlly ro000 roo te t lhe Iel. o" hy 0i1do ou0 hIn no erioon, Carlel " io nail polaylolly. "Ihaeon I diohleano eoun with toll thin frivolous talk abouto Niet exntlly that, love," said Wintler bhot ileo ihtolory of that por yontg ladly ytetona to noIn too sad tol trloon to l into a jest." "uC't, oy door CtOhalo." nail hit natlo' 11 I would not tttou.gh at tintparlt of it for novld; hut a little hrmnlen tnotonen about t }heol yeot will surelyoot dotny oTon. 1 shaltl losiively he joaloal o lo fnooaaiunting shadd, it yon objett and fear you haoi secret mtnet ilon loteood with otlly rilualolceos info Wiotlor'n flne, hut Ilotbed anooy to Ith pioano, whetore ltr weet voie gavn a turn to t100 tlihogolhts of the companly. 'he bhe 00l10i0 thone bboo 0wer0 tel0 0000e Thlulranula t~ridea into~C h ~op thoat delightlul Itopert loed never nop it e o ob tainod tho seat next Alien in tine to amllney onother, aond I tooo the boy well notottolot 00 hoe sure thlot a the orooin= voo w lea b A'oed loar nold oloterto Ito her aio. ;.o+ lios for0 on hat oodinaory woithj·l, btoit iyen antt he 0e00 o ethi olat hlitn lion, 0000 if etO ct 00 uttered i dcloaation cof lonve tlhy wese theno of noy oriond. Mon 1 IslI.IU'( were fs:! no(] oil the C ndl11il, raised then to l0t0 ay "lI tole 0010r00 rovaol titheir tory, tlooughl Itl ieo would tlavo givln a har of lin' lil to oove itao a 001000 look ot them. Sie, sto nonoly as uotiiot less oan ne alob.ster loate, H00, for theo loo mutio of loraelie u ; on 0,0 or toidO I0 faint color rose to her ooheeks, as towoard tlho onod of tio ton oing the oon ilt which ooy fricnd nlotod lidn eo ooooplbaoo boonto still l0ore toloer; hut if noi:thot bhoo bienot only thoe Iliitht~n'oi of tloe lire, andool 10100, olne the 1100 o sllnid tol d nig001 felt ato thlo i depir for oher ol, and le0 n00 nil0 e al tocndi. n00 to1 trAiellolo ttidoe into h0ilo Itoat ht. coae ia meooao love r; id in L spie of loo tioooton'l to on, i tobnbbt ttlolt Oline' hAnd tor reality ins oooood lsone lorotogoao orbwin, boo ooooc'.ooo 00tored tilto I10hini lido nut thou 00000 olo ltlrootolo eloooltsclo. Alolonolt tlone noaooo n ol oao olo:ido thle youtltoo ll tol e olo nr ynonl tito jeulbou (b lIo olooooi on Ithite Io to bo lontorireooh oolel onitlo Ohoilitoot oteoy olto tad Align notold toll Of I toitok totoold toIler oilt itt jOtlt 000000 dlim.'' ilot oni~l, ''itooyet w'oooill tolo Itooto 00 go0 doono Iho oltliot loot altoi~l~~, 0000 0000 3000ll 0000000 0010 01(PltlC 110 00.fo1oeyoot booto eli alt 10oeooiol bol ottto ltool' u!lloooor 0 t Itoonot too eoolooeo hOOllu lllltt'OooOoOOo a joel mootrlc I\I ionhtedIlO,'' 1 8Iill~t O Out. l~llloloootoooouoneoo Iloorti l oliol tool olo. jootat tll·,i aool~r tioelcol io poo,·l' l InnoollootR ocoototi!~, ll.ooolloooloitogioOOIII .loiooColtoooo11l~oor loooolo 01urli .0k IIlolco. l~ drccl, n~l ~lolo ocol 'ctee looto i~~!Iooetn~ houe 000 Itoto Iloollotolr 000-l.Otil noootololiol~l onloooooooiood tog o'oooooooloo hsoos Ioniooo o lorooll,anoI~ur WsA only deeirous of finding somethieg11 shout whiskchle rail~ht qunnrel with thej Westerner. A lovely womntn," remarked llamilton, 10rturning to hid Beat and lighting a Eigenr. So-an ; wnols color," said the uncle. " Youl will lie! apt to rrcneniae her face whet~ youl rce it neon,' P aid Impoprt, puccillg over the general ' remark and ndlreeiUng the younger tutu, la tnilton stared a moment and then "Went do you mean, air l" demanded ltupcrt, " Nothing at all." "S:r. I will not be answered thus I" Paid ltupcrt, furiously, forgetting, in his vtrango passion, the laws of common courtesy. SComo,D.tvinon,"interferert Winter, tak. ing: hid arm, ""· Ilnmilton finde assuredly clone nothing,"to call forth thin bent; there in a mialne; let us forgot it and be friendly for anothecr hlour." " Tudh ! Charles, let them have it out," Paid Ch)o uncle. "Not at all." said IIamfilln. good. hunoredly. Mr. Davison is ready to be tciends with mo, I nil' aura." u uperl, still strangely unlike himself, muttered a sulky nnnoat. " Here is something you will be interested in, gentlemen," said Winter, turning the sob ject, and ho displayed a quaint locket fat with emernldo-the ame Itupcrt had noticed duringA thle evening an sparkling at the throat of Alice Ellnler. "May wvifo handed this to me, with (disa Elleler's consent to exhibit the miniature within. It was left her as a leguay, by her uncle, and contains a portrait of Clh unfortunnto girl of whom you have beard no much thin evening." While speaking Winter handed the oron* mint to the othera and they examined it in turn. "It looks lile this girl herself," asid the uncle. "It does strongly reaumble lier,"replied IWinter, "yetp it wanIts the firmness of char. outer Chent Mind Alice shows, (fIare is more of ecquclryandateildishnese." Rupert said nothing; ha could have gaoed on furever, it was so like Alice, but the Westerner wad waiting to take it. He oleo gazed a long time, but asked, irrela. vantly t " Winter, how did you chanoo to purobase this out-of the-way placO? I had no idea, whe!n I slatted with you, that you werer tak. ing ,on on far o~ut of the world. I thought yoIu probably lived in the village of Aster," " It was a whim of my wifU's," replied Winter. "Ara you acquaintcd with this region, Hamilton 1" " 1 once knew a little of the country about bare," replied Hamilton, after a mo ment. '" Come, Winter," said Rupert, "are we not at loot to hear this story to whioh so many allusions have been made? This is the hour for auch a tale, and I begin to believe in it since I have snen thin face. I hope she will honor no with a glimpse of her lovely features." Whiclih you will msauredly recoginise," snid Hamilton, dryly, for IRpert had again posecosed himaolf of the locket, and was poring over the miniature. My friendt nearly dropped the bauble, and an angrIy flush crossed his face. " The resemblance it cerstinly itriking," drawled Ilnmilton, " bettveen-" " Sir," said Rupert, half-rising, " I insist upon an explanation of-" " Inm willing to tell you all I know of the story," interrupted Winter, an it the alter. cation wad not going on, but, at the came Lim", gently pushing Rupert back into his scat. " First lt us throw on another log, and genoral, nit nearer to the lire. The re latio 1 will not take loop, and no one Hcal believe the part concerning Ihe ghostly " I hab'n't,"enid the uncle. You mnay sleep through that part, 'ead hid hecst. With apparent oarolodsnees he draw his chair between l.upert and Hamilton, and commenced his narration. " The lnst Van IReneselaer that lived," unid Winter, " was not remarkable in any par ticular way cecept for hislarge lofily. Ile had three sons and seven daughterd born to him,and the young women being morn than ordinarily fair, were known throughout the region as the ' Seven Sistcra,' no salled in r,;t'irnce to tCli seven blight stats in the L':eilliece.. " Thera are but six now," said the uncle. '" This bright band diminished slill more rapidly," raid Winter. "The eldest, the mother c( MW Mlicn, married and boomne almost dironucmacted with lier family by noing to dwell with her husbnd in England ; u fe·ver ecoergo that ravaged thin region visited chrome of the remaining rietcru, two of whomcl never rare fromt their beds again, the one that recovered being the ]dy of tilu nainiaturo, and the youngest of tile family. U:d Van I'_runelaer was nearly Oraztd by the rudden gap in bid lirceido oirclo, and the whole county mourned with him, for it is not to be supposed that the light trot unob a constellation had been hidden, even it shining from thisretired spot. With anxious tEndCrDGES did the old man guard the three daughters yet remaining, unit the whole family united in bestowing especial card on tine youuneti'l, leek the fever might have left her mrailerthan the rest. ' Sie had always benu the favorite with her father, her mother dying soon alter her birth, and abh budded into womanhood anust buh fostering otar that tEle breath at the summer wind wats hardly known to lier. An the time rolled on Van lwnsedlaer grew reconciled to hid aorrows, and let the silver voices of big last Chire girls comfort hint, Grace, tho lady tvhoose picre we have seen, was as wilful anod puoild as might have been expcelcd, bnt her naturally sweet and childiuh distpnoition, as well as her intensity in afectiioo, :used her friends to regard her im" lnrioud ways as an added shorn,. 1Her 'amiy gave way before her aloways, slid delighted int her tyraUny. She waa, per baps, thl lovelimnt of nil, but the eisters rn. stlubled each other vo closely that often in tine Beanine, when they gnthered herd about it,, I!eartle, Van Ranscilner, muling in their midst, hladly kneow as their light foruns flitted past him whether they were those of hill loot or living darlings." ' The roan oust have been a fool," said the ucle. " The striking resdemblance to inch other id it Unit of the ham ill," s.,id Winter. " Van p rceive Alio, Alice bas not escaped it. But to 1`11:110me: you ollmy imagine lovers woron t wanltdug ill thin houe in tChold days- fillreen yearn n,;,'. it is no longer than th at-but htrace danced over all their heart( nod finally prrersuade[ lar father Chit this caun Iry homell was~ not enough! Lu coutent youlng womncl for Cver, and thant a wiiner inl town was acessaryy for heurself alld bar sisters. TIhel olld ·enleanlu relulctantly conlcented; heo da~urlhern Irsave the rhelter of thecir chlild hood ia hlorn,!l but beiaulty, asr usuall, wheel~dled anld conquelredl alnd Muse funce and her 168i:L~ for a fewv mollnth1, drivingl thepir fathellr nea:rly intlo his dologol by thelir inuen nant rou~nid of balll and operln; for bu ~~ aiir·d onl nowmllpanying6 them whearever Iflo ~~Iiliht g~lad was hie, at tbo nrd b~reath of ·ling!, to Igather theml into thle o~ld homeil; r.I I1~umr Whldlaposed thaL he could no~t http·] able to catci ~ h1 loUP rae ther wiild litlel I:''L c fy andl ustoo balck i:o her hrllut Ionly lofill.? w.llit 'L~~hR rprtIo fll r whileh 1E1atin nati b ra wasi nothing~ too prcilous o: too c roltly for Gace at thiis period, nad buowever the comloy par(fog migh~t read the hurtsl of tile family, they could not but be glad in the joyoueneoa that overilowed in the bride to bo; owith a heart eminenotly formed for loving, thin new affction roemed aluo to deepen the old, and she fhung about them all with a thlounoand careseco that doubly enoodered her. Th' doya in whioch fsh ecomed fairly unable to contain hter fyppirces were those 0in which olh received theo letters from hier lver; heo wao not ohen, if over, able to vieit her, but ife mnioives were regularly sent, the real prinoted, I euppose, with clasped hands, or a deor, or somne uuh other faithful devoice. "At lasoot the bridal day arrived; tile carly morning wa0 to bring theoloer; tie wed ding dreoo was spread out in readiness, wlhite and glintoning asno a enowy hbank, nanny stitc in ho onary hafing her et byu the eininrs of tiio bride. The early hours pawned and tre bridegroom did not come; noon atrunch, and still he had not arrived; lothe wedding would not take place till 0U0. down, and name accident might have made him into; but no lthe nfternoon drugged away without the appearance of the lover, a vaguo forboding otruckr the hearts of the family. " Van Roenroloer had seated hlimself in his old calnir-your seat, colonel-and fallen into mnooings of which Ilir clenching hand and fery eyo told something; the two aoider daughters, seated near him, whispered togetlhor, and cast oranxious look into tir front room, whero Grace huog at the winiow. "'Leit onus dress her, llorence,' whispered Ethel, the sister next the youngest. It will divert her mind and the gruest will soon be here now. Wo will make thelo robing a long ploeess, nand so tide her tlheo better over this surpenso boforo he oomes.' "'Let hier alonel' interrupted old Vano Rensoelaer, loudly. ')Do not think to trick tier in thoose wretched gowgawos now, if ever.' "EHis daughters bshranlk into frightened silenoce, and a moment later a mesosge won brought to the old gentleman. Ilo tore it open, and then dashed it under his feet. "' Curso him I" ho exclaimed in a terrible voice. ' Qulick I shut the door, and let us think how weno an tall that poor young thing tha to is falso to her I' SIlis precautione were too late ; his tone had been louder that ha know; a nloud bshriek struck their oars, and rushing into the other room, they saw Grace fall heavily to lmo lingo." " Why didn't he come 1" inquired the nolte, prosaically. "Ito wrote," said Winter, "that a new busineeo opening called him distant for an inoalculable time; that it was impossible for a fady to necompany him, and that as tris limo of return was so uncertain, it woulod be unwise to leave a young bride behbind mist fully awaiting him. Ite said it would be wrong, also, to Graco and. her own family, and added that he would not hold the girl bound." "What dastardly ooldness I" oried Ito. pert. "An unexpected gate into fortuno was placed before him," said Winoter," " and the temptation proved toon great." " WVell, well I"anid the uncle. "I ouppose he reasoned that girls wero as plenty as blackberries in July, and fortunes an eCarco as oherries in December; but givoe him all thie grac you may, lie shlould harvo managed not to break a young thing's heart. Did he make his fortune I" "I never heard," answered Winter. "I know notlhing more about him, not even his name; tihe family nevenor mentioned him again." " What a grim time they mont have had osending bahl, the gueste, feeding the wedding eako to the pigs and burning the brido's droes," oxcloimod the uncle. " I do not know what becamo of the wed ding dress," said Wintcr; " but the dress was not burned then, at all evenot ; it was left as it was, spread out in the great oparo chamber, and quite forgotteln, while poor Grao woas carioed to her room unoonEroiousnn,. So far it is an old story; we often read roe mancer founded on a false bridegroom; but this ends differently from any I have heard beforo. Graoce lay in this inseneiblo condi. tion until trho next day at twilight, then sho wolkeo and asked naturally what time it was, and when toldsmormored that it was strange that her lover was so late. Florence, who was withi her, tried to soothe her to efeep, but oli was restlenso, and inEisted upon get. ting op, and, as usual, b:ooned no restraint, snying, 'It is timo to drEs.' *She only partially dronessed, however, motioning away thloe blue honuseo dress sne was in C1w habit of wenring, and looking im patiently around, iher sintcrdid not know for what; but as Grace was soon quietld, blorenco wrapped ia olnshawl hbout her sister anid left lier half drecaing in a great chanir, lwhile loe went to tell the othere of the chlange. " She was detained a few moments, and on ler retur Grace o was not in the room, nor oun shoe to be found io the house. Tihe poor girl, rousing again, and with ile idlca that the twilight owarned her to be dressed for bher bridal, had found her weddiong clothes and arrayed horself in them aree to the veil and t to tlling the bouquutl whllh was witlhering in a vaie. Then, with the thought struggliog in li her misty brain thlat something was wrong willth her lover's delay, she left th hlouse, un. obervcd, to seal for himre, and was found, near midnight, wandering in the damp lialde. " Tlhe and ennl easily he told; thei exposure brought on a return of the fever frout which she had sufefered in liher nhildhond, nod thit time bshe wan iti victim." " Thei vitolinm of thalnt acoundlol, you mean," ilnterrupled ltpolet. "A well toltd tle," exclaimed tile uncleo, "hut no ghoetl."' "I am coming to it now," oaid W'intor; " but you nced not lietor, of course." " I won't," said the uncle. " You unu oeep-" " I will.' "'There aroe faoe men," 0 ontinuedlrhe host, " whoi, under uuitoblo times and conditions, do not bulievo iin ghoate." "I duon't," aid lth uncle, who was still awake.~ " Thear are somno exceptions," puorsued the nrreror, " buit the ajurity of rnoo are at tiiioa iimplRoead with thOrl eOuo of lhe super. natural. The coulntry peopl any that after old Vii Inlensolner died, thelo younger portion of tile family would not rmotnin bro cene the plnco wan hauniited by the prsenc ofi the poor young bride in liher wnedlong robes. I oinnot vouch far lthant; thel brothecr with whom I ranaiincted thie buninoen tolid 0e that t:ere were too nmany and neaoaintioiu for thi an o"honire to live hern; but it is said that old Van liRinaine'r, oas Ie sant every venicie whiero tlg genoral sits now, nmourld never retire iuntil ho hadl eon tgl alpparition of his duloightier." S11 not up all night thou, I voutlure,"u oaid the onielo. ' I ngroco nilli p0on; it in rniiommgo what fiblea tllusi~o oply ounnotry imeiiido iinveiot," obkerved IlnoioIaeon, et rikimii' mah nlator motch ini aio oIoort to liillot iniotkhr cigcr. Rlupiet said inotbino;; but ihe wnro, in vulgar pnrlecc, all eai'. onI ao nn morrao auiiieiuiiioin timaor the rece,"oioid W'intler, " but I confeau to a n iti to belinen Oiie ecory. Die ero in sOmilithlinoi touchiel; in lime tlinegIIlt ho old oiinoi ol. tinie bli tim mmnoldi.erincl'iio, oiihlt cltir niiihit, niii wiitiniiiylr ineio tim emiiaIl Iheur or oI nighlt ol lis dlrliom;1. 'ihicon wno unio 'esnt thit told cid story muod noilerieimly, nitd anii he ce;~ught si,:ht of the Ilady. It niewls then 0e knewilllitot nhing on lihely, ltoeooii tiio an tirnle no d Inlskoind ll it tim liii 0 inn 1fo. Iolon in Iiioi'Id , ecihleiioi eol dioii iiewre. ii nnI mi Jiaiorly the ie af heoune bril Iii i lnarn Incd.O the imiode ol ''eo Pilmi1tn teioilil, iipnr tue 'mado immi i tell ioiide i onoua ileop. 'l imnici'' roo imio uIuly wnumih loll lii e~mbhrn,iiiddhall ilntonl;ing tolie liiglt Irendl oi lenilaulp lint fr enou nm i'n h aid Icoieid he hardI on limo wanlo. lloreim an 00000 diolincily lucy ouiinded,iultil bolt lanly caught the alick of littlo boot heels and the sweep of silk." IRuport, raising his eyes at this point, met thone of Ilnmilton fixed upon hbm, and know that he had heard the smon sounde oas him sell. For some time pmat my friend had heard, through the moltling of the hnavy curn tainu, ohat might have been footatepo on tihe little baolcony that jutted from the aido I windows. "The footeteps aontinuncd for a long imo," Wilnter wasoon esying; "ifrom the sound it eed ait c ed if thle pereon were warlking around and around the Ihoure. Each time they pauecd n lounger time under le nindowl; but lthe old nmanl lill slept on, and at last tlice ound seemed to receda in a different dirctlion." lilupert relates that now Ilamilton and iiirrw'llf dioiinctly Iheard a knocking on the window lfronl tlhe orutside; it ceased and re turned at irtonrvale bunt rrcureed ooena to their strained henrieng, althoughr Wintor, engrossed by hi stlory, and the uncle, half aelecpin his chair, did not notice it. "Th f guent could endure innalion no longer," said thie unconscioeus tlnter. "Rushingl to tIn e wihdo, lee flnr ll up the shade. 'lhere waoo a faint moon." "'Tis the ivy tapping," muttered IHamil ton. hy the light of the mloon hie could disn tinguish the recedirng form of a woman vanishing across the snow in a dress and veil as rwhite an it, and leaving no prints be. hind her. As hie stood ralmost paralysed, he perceived that Van Venoselaor ied oeomoup behinrd himi, and was watching the last misty outlines of tho figure with an expresion not of fear, but of grief and tenderness." "I Knockh I" very plainily now. Two knoohs. A pause, then, " Knook, eorrke, knock I" three times, the sound e0moWbhat deadened by tihe curtnine, biut certainly on tihe outside of the lower window panes. Winter was roused by it. " VWhat was that 1" he demanded. No one answered himr, not even the knock ing; there wnas dead slence-an silence, lRupert nays, even more uncomfortable than the sounds. Who or whait man on the bal. pony, and what was happening in the still. noone 1" " It was the wind, after all," said Winter, finally, with a deep breathi; but even an he spohke there caoe another faint sound, what like they could not tell. The uncle, who had been half asleep, opnned hisn yes. SWop htedbt i the matter with you, boys 1" he said, peevishly. "For my part, I never henrd sueh a tissue of non-" Its stepped, for the window was thrown violently open from the outside, and the our tain siwepti away no though by thie cold wind that nushed in. And there, to the fearful eyes of the group inside, and against the blackle baook ground of the night, appeared tbhe while form of a woman. The lamps flared in tie nrudden aecern of airo, and ptlainly shoned a figuro clod in the dress of a bride, though never bride waso seen as pale an she. A veil of misty aoe shaded herbhnir and died in the shandowv, and her dress wao like the snow cn the coping of the window; but her lace, the faio of the miniature, was whiter thanl either, and seemed utterly without life; the heari thrown back, lthe eyes closed and the beautiful, oolorlern lips half open. 11er emall hands were olenolhed on the window ledge nas if to keep her from falling, and siroe swaytd to and fro no if blown by the wind. Tile four men lstaried to their feet and stood spell bound. Wintler seemed dazed thie general nwas behind him, his hair on end and from Ilnmilton, pale no the lady herself, brohei a nlhanp cry, Gronca I ho saoid. "Grace I Graco I (orao I" Ac for my friend, after one second he cleared the epeol between him and the window at a bound, and had the form of the ghost in his arms. 1 Do you not see who it ins?" he ried, nas he lifted her oner theo ill and brought her to the tire. "it is ieB Ellsiter, and she his fainted." !i liss Elser I" exelaimed Winter, " What could she be doing out there 1" A question that Rupert coould anewer no better than the others, nod he was too busily engaged in restoring his lovely ghomt to think, at present, any further. IIo had placed Ihis burden in the ohair of her grand father, but still supported ier head on his shoulder, whilo he shafed her hands and pushed the air baole from leer temples; in deed, I have my Eupicions that the boy, in the confooion of Chu meorernt, carried hCis r. atorativocs ill furhler whilu that fair facelay turned towrrd hii onl his breast, and Winter anod Hamilton cought franticnlly for Water aned spiritr. Aa for thie unul', after a cOreful suenrvey of the lady he camne to a nll conclunion thant it might ie Misn dllaler; bhit hIe closed the windrow tightly, and sawr that this time it was thororughly barred. It waeosome time before .Mino Alica revived oulliotently to give an naccunel of hier pre. snnce', but when she did the cplnnntion wae limple enough. Dire. Wintern and Edith had lingered in her roon until quiteo nlate, nlld aftler they had lleft, Alice, advancing to the window, saw that the moon won ria. ing cwith beautiful elfect over tho snowy hills. Tho better to enjoy it, elo had thrrown a mne ecaur over ler nad, and teleppcd upon the cmall balcony uipon which her wintdows opened, no the lbrary windows did upon a similar baloony. She olored the window bhirod Iherr, lent the night air should chill ier room, and, when a(tempting to return, found to hier larm Ithat thie window fastened with an old.nolriencd sprirng when elosed, and could only be openerd from the in side. Hler situntio wac a gloomy ono; there opered to be no release from spending tie hi on tIo bhalcony, iunprotcted from the !old, and with ir:o companion nave the ohneto Diana. Suddauenly, rhowever, no caughit tilhe glimmer of light fromn tilie library windows, whiolc were next hlier own, and eiic know thant lthu monll ld lnot yet rolied. Tie lthought strulck her thalt if she could got hourn her ownrr upon tihe lihbrary hiluany, hie nmight be let in through tihe library rodow. titheomnn oadangor, and nemor dilliculty, sho at loot anocomplid:cd this,but rnreerel unable to nmaoe the en wre cero of Ieer prreonen. Tihry wor sonore dlinricce fron thie window, thi, ourtcain werroe of io li heavicct, and her strenogill vas w o fast nfailing her that oho oeuld bhoely summon florce to top upon tto For a *I'omeant, Alice said, she thoughlt she loha conseciruncrnr, tihern, rousring, gathored all rer pawere anrd mndo a ole docupercto ateL Itempt to Wien thle each hIereolf In this she proed rernacelsful, nc thre nindow fanoloncd oucely with arn ordicnary holt, whiclh rod not yet been secued. r Frrom that ileooelct ciu kCNo wond1 )coo fancied me a drohl," said Alice, with a Irint nrnilcC, eas gir loect tier crerreorl Ircor'if hullct rthe rebcelrid irrireparod to wicr itiral " inow; I los1ror. te hd LbCrdo ICUne i re, rtuery oel cry 1or ocr"c,'' 'Dclh,rwho ta N rriteerclo, ceilidt' orrid trle T'ie crc L irernri CCC Il n i iltnllrrIe din clot ani. pen' L rr br \'itijt ad Wirtio e id teiat cre rent Icericcer i rlad oullerr thle W'rt'ervrree errny, Alrerc lrre cmeaol, rio ros tleek Ircpirel nside~ for a1 moment.lt C itrel ;recc inrticr," ie Foid, "t'let lthree eron lire irrder ier er aolire Cr cocinicre woitier th rrrrrreraldltrit r Yoeor" rid liirperi. " Io wcar origicerrlo hin0d by thr piocure ol icetr Yrire ioelrer'c ro ovreieer. nitouier1,0 '· but aas drentroyed before the ullocact cause1 ilnt teie Ellaerrneere CjIdi in Nwi eteerin it w lt rielier bil d nrc, rlt Theoois ilrrlelr loprt 01 tho 0to0d which I gird oo 