AMERICAN FUN. J — y G— -ld : Your poem on " jOPlte Slj.orn Lamb ' received. Please call at. this offi ee andL bring your tin-box. Not for . publication, b ut to .create confi dence. A, little boy who has been uset I to -receiving his older brother's old toys and old c tfltheB recently re marked, " Ma, will I have to man y iiifi widow when he dies?" Though Adam's dress was a bare design. He often would sadly grie re, And sit on the limb of a tree aud wliiine, 'Cause he couldn't laugh in his skeeve. It is well enough to say "paddle yonn own canoe," but to keep away from the dangero as y daces in the stream of life a paddle is notalone si ifficiient. A man must have a good poll also. " I'd have you to know that my u ncl.e was a ban nister of the law." "A fig for your bannister!" re torted Mrs. Partington, turning UJ> her nose; " haven't I a cousin as is a corridor to ' the navy ?" She: " So you would not taken w to be 20? What would you take me for, then?" Met: "For better, for worse." They are now honsek eepii ag. A Virginia man and wife walki id 2 7 miles, carry ing their baby, to see a circus. ' Tfaey know now how sublime it i3 to suffer for a gn M&'purpose. . . A BosTONyoung lady found he itself riding alone in a small Herdic cqach, which ct »eh displayed the sign, " Not Engaged," over her Ilea d; No other lone woman would ever venture in such a coach, and the company is ruined. A New York man oonfessed tliafil he married his wife because she was a good carver. . That's the kind of help-meat every man wants ! Six or eight congenial spirits sat f (round a stove in a grocery out West . one night, a. ad, after several other subjects had been exhausted, some one intro duced that of panics in churches, thilatr&s;, and halls. This gave Mr. Hopewell a chaaoe to remark, "Gehtlemen, I just long to be there." "Where ?" " Why, in one of those panics. Yes, sir, I'd give a new 20-dollar bill to be in the theatre one night when there was an occasion for a phm c." " Why ? " "Why? Because.one cool, level- head ed man could stop the thing as easily as you could end up that barrel of flour." "Well, I dunno about that," observed one of the sitters. "These is .something awful in the cry of ' Fire,' and, hear it where and when you may, it startles and frighiteiis. What would you do in a theatre in case there was a cry of Fire' and a rush?" "I'd stand upon my seat, pull a revolver from my pocket, and shout out that I'd shoot the first man who attempted to crowd or rush. One cool man would check the ppnic in 10 seconds." 'While the subject was being continued, the grocer withdrew to the sear end of the store, poured a little powder on a boaprd, and gave three or four men the wink. Presently there was a bright flash, yells of "Fire!" and "Powder!" and every man sprang up and rushed ont. Hopewell did not spring up and talk of shooting. On the contrary, he fell over a lot of baskets piled between him and the door, got up to plough his way over a rack of brooms, ; and when he reached the street he was on all fours, white as a ghost and so frightened that lie never ' looked back until he reached the opposite side of the thoroughfare. " Mamma," asked little Edith, " be all grown folks hateful?" "Why, Edith," replied her mother "what put that, idea in your head?" "Nothing mamma, only I know everybody who comes here is, hateful, 'cause I've always heard you say so after thef went out." An old farmer in Brownsville boiight a work called "Hints on Fencing," supposing it. set forth the all- vantage and. cheapness of one fence over another. He expressed himself vigorously when lie discovered that the. book related to an entirely different kind of fencing. In boring a well at Cloverdale, Cal, the augefr", at a depth of 30 feet, passed through a white june fog, and six inches further struck a tree standing on. end, and had to cease operations. It was about time to stop. If they had bored a few feet deepen. they might have struck a party of campers out playing seven up under the tree, and created a panic. Man wants but little here below, and he gets about that mqch. An Austin Man, who had been living in a rented house, notified his landlord that lie was going to move. " I hope," said the landlord, " that I ivill find the.house in the same condition it was when you took it." " No. I do not expect to leave it in the same condition that I found it." " Well, you will have to do it." " All right, then, I'll drop a cat in tha cistern, and advertise for bed bugs." Misunderstandings. — Scene : New York drawing-room, 1.20 a.m. I clasped her hand, and I held it fast, While I gazed in her dreamy eyes, — And a -far-off look o'er her features passed, .Like the twilight of vesper skies. While, like one too happy or shy to speak, With a throb I could understand, She turned from my raptures her glowing cheek, And veiled it with faltering; hand-; And the gentle tremorwhich thrilled her frame, And leaped from her pulsjeto mine, To my thirsting soul with its message came, Like the magic of cordial wine. At last she pitied the hopeless smart Of the passions she long ha&soorned;, And just as I felt she had opened her heart, She opened her mouth, and— yawned ! His Figures Wrong. — " Say ! " began a teamster as he entered a grocery on Grand Biver-avenue, " I want you to do a little figuring for met" " Well ? " " 1 worked for a wan five days at two .ciols. 75 c. per day. How much is that ? " " That's Jl3 dols. 75 c.' " Well, he paid me nine dols. 25 c. How much was the balance ? " " Why, four dols. 5CV c., of course." " Sure about that ? " " Certainly. HJw else can you figure it?" "I made it seven dols." "Then you are way off. How did the other man make it ? " " Same as you, but — : — " " But wktat ! " " Why, I called him a liar and a fraud and pouched his head, and I have just paid a fine of 15 dols. in the Police-court ! Hang this new way of figuring, any how ! " The Small Boy's Bevelationj — It is the small boy who usually tells things, and.tlie dinner table is his favourite theatre. Not long ago a bright little fellow out on Peacbtree-street peered over into the dish at the head of the table, and exclaimed, " What a little chicken for so many people ! " The company smiled surreptitiously, and his mother endeavoured to quiet him. But- he was like Bamquo's ghost. After they liad all been helped and were eating, his face suddenly lit up, and, clapping his hands, he shouted, " Oh, yes, I know now, mamma. This is the little chicken that was sick so long in the yard, ain't it ? " He Learned Something. — The other windy day as a gentleman stood on the Campus Martins waiting for a car his hat blew off and went sky-larking down the street. lie was . gathering himself for a run when another pedestrian called out: "Stop! sir — stop!" « Eh ? Speaking to me ; what is it. ?" " Stand still, 8ir ! Don't take a step after yrour hat !" " But I — " ' Stop !" By this time two women, five men, three boys and a policeman were in chase of the liat, and it was not only speedily run down, but the dirt was care fully brushed off by the rescuer before he restored it with a bow and a smile. " See !" queried the pedes trian who bad cried stop. " I do. Thanks. I've learned something new." Tiie Eobiikr, the Traveller, axi> the MandarIn. — One lime, as a peasant was travelling along the highway, he encountered a robber who had been lying in ambush. When a demand was made for his money be wept and lamented and besought, the rob ber -to at least spare him half. "Come down with every stiver or off comes the top of your head '."shouted the robber; and lie left the peasant not. one copper coin. An hour later, as the robber was taking things easy along the road, he was met by a Mandarin and escort, and the big man ordered that he be seized and searched. When his cash was brought, to, light the Mandarin exclaimed : " Ah ! lie has too much money for an honest man! Take it away from him and give him GO strokes of the bamboo !" Next day t he sore and limping robber again encountered the peasant, and he at once fell upon him in anger, crying out : "Ah! if you bad not yielded up your cash to me I should not have been bamboozled !" " And if I had not yielded you would have cut. my throat !" replied the peasant. Moral: Some men are bound to be in the soup, anyhow. Not To Blame. — The other night, when it was darker than a tar barrel outside the circle of the different electric lights, and while the rain came down with a steady drizzle, a patrolman discovered a man standing in the middle of the street, between the Grand Circus Parks. He stood there so quietly and so long that the officer finally went out to liitn and asked : " Well, what's the matter?" "Nozzing mazzer wiz me," was the. reply, delivered in a voice as thick as a four-inch plank. " But what are you standing here for ?'" " To sbee ze moon." " Moon ?" " Yes ; wan' shee moon rise over a great city." " But there is no moon to-night, and there won't be. How do you expect to see the moon through this rain and darkness ?" " Dnnno. Orter be moon. Doaii' blame me if yon doan' shee nioon." " You come along ivith me ! I see what ails you !" " Going t.' shend me in ?" " Yes." " Nozzer outrage by police department ! Do I run 'er moon ? Mi to blame cause moon doan' rise ? Mooti orter to be here, but I can't help it- Shirty days cause I doan' run 'er moon, eh ? AVell ! Well!" j " Do contemporary authors hold their own ?" asks I the London Times. Oh, bless yon, yes. And soofie 