THE SOUTH_ SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Author of 'Treasure Island,' 'Kidnapped, 'The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,' &c.; PART II.— LOW ISLANDS. Cii.m'Tkk XX. — Ghaveyard Stories Co.v tixuei-. It is plain we. have in Europe stories of a similar complexion, and the Polynesian rarita iiio as aitu o la vao is clearly the near kinsman of the Transylvanian vampire. Here is a tale in which the kingship appears broadly marked. On the atoll of Penrhyn, then still partly savage, a certain chief was long the salutary terror of the natives. He died, ho was buried and his late neighbors had scarce tasted the delights of license ere his ghost appeared about the village. Fear seized upon all ; a council was held of the chief men and sorcerers: and with'- the approval of the Earotongan missionary, who was as frightened as the rest, and in the presence of several whites — my friend Mr. Ben Herd being one— the grave was opened, deepened until water came, and the body reinterred face down. The still re efriit staldiig of suicides in England and the decapitation of vampires in the east of Europe form close parallels. ? So in Samoa only the spirits of the un- : buried awake fear. During the late war many foil in the bush ; their bodies, some times headless, were brought back by native pastors and interred ; but this (I know not why) was insufficient, and the spirit still lingered on the theatre of death. When peace returned a singular scene was enacted in many places, and chiefly round the high gorges of Luatuanun, where the struggle was long centred and the loss had been severe. Kinswomen of the dead came carrying a mat or sheet, and guided by survivors of the fight, t ho place of death was earnestly sought out ; the sheet was sjjread upon the ground, 'and the women, moved with pious anxiety, sat about and watched it. If any living thing alighted it was twice brushed away ; upon the third coming it was known to 'be the spirit of the dead, was folded in, carried homo, and buried beside the body, and the rites rested. The rite was practised beyond doubt in simple piety ; the repose of the soul was its ob ject — its motive, reverent affection. Tho present king disowns indeed all knowledge of a dangerous rite ; he declares the souls of the nnburied were only wanderers in limbo, lack ing an entrance to the proper country of the do.id, unhappy — nowise hurtful. And this severely classic opinion doubtless represents the views of tho enlightened. But the flight of ray Lafarelu marks tho grosser terrors of the ignorant. This belief in the exorcising efficacy of funeral rites perhaps explains a fact, other wise amazing, that no Polynesian seems at all to share our European dread of human bones and mummies. Of the first they made their cherished ornaments ; they pre served them in houses as in mortuary caves, and the watchers of royal sepulchres dwelt with thoir children among the bones of genera tions. The mummy, even in the making, was as little feared. In the Marquesas, on the ex treme coast, it was made by the household with continual unction and 'exposure to the sun ; in the Carolines, upon the furthest west, it is still cured in the smoke of the family hearth. Head-hunting, besides, still lives around my doorstep in Samoa, and not 10 years ago, in the Gilberts, the widow must disinter, cleanse, polish, ami thencs.- forth cavry about her, by day and night, tho h--:id of her dead husband. In all these cases «?« may suppose the powers, whether of cloa-.i-.ing or drying, to have fully exorcised the city. But the 1'aumotuan belief is more obsjuve» Here the man is duly buried, and he lias to be watched. He is duly watched, and the spirit goes abroad in spite of watches. Indeed it is not the purpose of the vigils to pi-event these wanderings ; only to mollify by polite atten tion the inveterate malignity of the dead. Neglect {it is supposed) may irritate and thus invite his visits, and the aged and weakly sometimes balance, risks, aud like our widows stay at home. Aud ob serve, it is the dead man's kindred and next friends who thus deprecate his fury with nocturnal watehings. Even the xilaca tory vigil is held perilous except in company, and a boy was pointed out to me in Rotoava, because he had watched alone by his own father. Not the ties of the dead, nor yet their proved character, affect the issue. A late resident, who died in Fakarava of sun stroke, was beloved iu life and is still remembered with affection; none the less his .spirit went about the island clothed with terrors, and the neighborhood of Govern ment House was still avoided after dark. We may sum up the cheerful doctrine thus : — All men became vampires, and the vampire spares none. And here we come face to face with a tempting inconsistency. For the whistling spirits are notoriously clannish ; I understood them to wait upon and enlighten kinsfolk only, and that the medium was always of the race of the communicating spirit. Here, then, we have the bond of the family, on the oue hand, severed at the hour of death ; on the other, helpfully persisting — ? possibly for generations. The child's soul in the Talutian tale was wrapped in leaves. It is the spirits of the newly dead that are the dainty ; when they are slain the house is stained with blood. Eua's dead fisherman was decomposed ; so — and horribly — was his arboreal deinon. The spirit, then, is a thing material; and it is by the material ensigns of corruption that he is distinguished from the living man. This opinion is widespread, adds a gross terror to the more ugly iPolvnesian tales, and some times defaces the more engaging with a painful and incongruous touch. 1 will give two examples sufficiently wide apart, one from Tahiti, one from Samoa. And first from Tahiti. A man went to visit the husband of his sister, then some time dead. In her life the sister had been dainty in the island fashion and went always adorned with a coronet of flowers. In the midst of the night the brother awoke and \v:is aware of a heavenly fragrance going to and fro in the dark house. The lamp I must suppose to have burned out ; no Tahitian would have slept without one lighted. Awhile he lay wondering and de lighted ; then called upon the rest. ' ' Do none of you smell flowers ?' he asked. 'O,'said his brother-in-law, ' we are used to that here.' The next morning these two men went walking, and the widower confessed that his dead wife came about the house continually, and that he had even seen her. She was shaped and dressed and crowned with flowers as in her lifetime ; only she moved a few inches above the earth with a very easy progress, and flitted dry shod above the surface of the river. And now comes my point. It was always in a back view that she appeared, and these brothers-in-law, de bating the affair, agreed that this was to con ceal the inroads of corruption. Now for the Samoan story. I owe it to the kinloiess of Dr. ¥. Otto Sierich, whose collec tion of folk-tales I expect with a high degree of interest. A man in Manua was married to two wives and had no issue. He went to Savaii, married there a third, and was moi'e fortunate. When his wife was near her time lie remembered he was in a strange island, like a poor man ; and when his child was born he must be shamed for lack of gifts ; it was in vain his wife dissuaded him. He returned to his father in Manua, seeking help, and with w^hat he could get he set off in the night, to re-enibark. Now his wives heard of his coming ; they were incensed he did not stay to visit them, and on the beach, by his canoe, intercepted and slew him. Now, the third wife lay asleep in Savaii, her babe was bom, and slept by her side ; and she was awakened by the spirit of her husband. * Get up,' he said, 'my father is sick in Manua, and we must go to visit him.' 'It is welL' said she ; ' take you the child, while I carry its mates.' ' I cannot carry the child,' said the spirit ; 'I am too cold from the sea.' Now, when they were got on board the canoe the wife smelt can-ion. ' How is this ?' she said. ' What liave you in the canoe that I should smell carrion?' ' It is nothing in the canoe,' said the spirit. ' It is the land wind blowing down the mountains, where somo beast lies dead.' It appears it was still night when they rescued Manua — the swiftest passage upon record — and as they entered the reef the fires burned in the village. Again she asked him to carry the child ; but now he need no more dissemble. *I cannot carry your child,' said he, 'for I am dead, and the fires you see are burning for my funeral.' ' The curious may learn in Dr. Sierich's book the unexiJected sequel of the tale. Here is enough for my purpose; and you will observe that though the man was but new dead the ghost w;is already putrified, as though putrefaction were the mark and of the essence of a spirit. The vigil on the I'auiuotnan grave does not extend beyond two weeks, and they told me this period was thought to coincide ivith that of the reso lution of tho. body. The ghost always marked with decay, the danger seemingly ending with the process of dissolution, here is tempting matter for the theorist. But it will not do. The lady of the flowers liad been long dead, and her spirit was still supposed to bear the brand of perishability. The resident had been more than a fortnight buried, and his vampire was still supposed to go the rounds. Of the last stage of the dead, from the lurid JSIangaian legend, in which infernal deities harass and destroy the souls of all, to the various submarine and aerial limbos where the dead feast, float idle or resume the occupations of their life ou earth, it would be wearisome to telL Oae story I give, for it is, singular in itself, is well known in Tahiti, and has this of interest, that it is post-Christian, dating, indeed, from but a few years back. A princess of the reigning house died, was transported to the neighboring isle of Reiatea ; fell there under the empire of a spirit who condemned her to climb cocoa palms all day and bring him the nuts ; was found after some time in this miserable servi tude by a second spirit, one of her own house ; and by him, upon her lamentations, recon v-Tyed to Tahiti, where she found her body still marked but already swollen with the approaches of corruption. It is a likely point in the tale that on the sight of this dishonored tabernacle the princess prayed she might continue to be num bered with the dead. But it seems it was too late, her spirit was replaced by the least dignified ? of entrances, and her startled family beheld the body move. The seemingly purgatorial labors, the helpful kindred spirit, and the horror of the princess at the sight of her tainted body, are all points to be re marked. i he truth is, the tales are not necessarily consistent in themselves, and they are further darkened for the stranger by an ambiguity of language. Ghosts, vampires, spirits, and gods are all confounded. And yet I seem to perceive that (with exceptions) those whom we would count gods were not maleficient. Permanent spirits haunt and do murder in corners of Samoa ; b' t those legitimate gods of Opoluaud Savaii, where ware and cricketings of late con vulsed society, I did not gather to be dreaded, or not with a like fear. The spirit of Aana that ate souls is certainly a fearsome inmate ; but the high gods, even of the archipelago, seem even helpful. Mahinui — for whom one con vict catechit-t had boon namid— the spirit of tho s;ea, like a Proteus, endowed with endless avatars, came to the assistance of the ship wrecked aud carried, them ashore in the guise of a ray fish. The same divinity bore priests from isle to isle about the archipelago, and by his aid, within the century, persons have beon scon to fly. The tutelar deity of each is like wise helpful, and by:i particular form of wedge shaped cloud on the horizon announces the coming of a ship. 'To one who conceives of those atolls, so nar row, so barren, so beset in tho sea. here would seem a superfluity of ghostly denizens. And : yot there are more. In the' various bra-.-icish pools and ponds, beautiful worn ni with long j red hair are seen to rise and bathe, only {timid | as mice) on the first sound of feet ;i--ij:i the coral they dive again for e»vr. Tli-'v aiv; known to be healthy and hanul'*.* living- p-'opkr, dwellers of an underworld ; and the same fancy is current in Tahiti, whore also th^y have the hair red. Tea is the Tahitiau name ; the Pau Uiotuan, Mokurai. liven white sailors who ply in the archi pelago become infected with superstitions, or what seem to be so. Itis pjssiblo enousrh tiiat an. atoll may lie visible to great distances by the green radiance of the lagoo:i projected on the atmosphere. That a cloud always indicates the position of a navigable passage 1 thiuk \va may deny. (To he continued. J 