THE INDIAN SCARE IN ! " < AMERICA. . J-. WJ/yme News, November 28.1 Fell", appear to be on the increase that the Sioux in South Dakota will attack the troops of the United States, and jtoiibidciabl« reinforcements are being sent to the Pine Ridge agency. Colonel Cody, who is better known as " Buffalo JhU " has been ordered to the seat of the troubles. He told an interview said that the widespread influence of the " Messiah" movement was most oniiii6ilb Tile fanatical Sioux who are now dancing from sunset tobUiiiiso, He never liesauD they e serving the" G I eat Spirit" ' They believe they are cele beating the coming of the "Messiah." There v, All referable unless the dances aiesfjoppedi^jOii the other hand, the lntciieienceuf the soldiers may pre cipit,(teiaivarl i i i It aiP'stiited' that supplies are still being granted that the Indians, except the ghostHianceifet' and, at Rosebud Agency, in Nelw,aska,it is not thought that there will' be any conflict unless the attempt is' made to Jarret some Indian cattle btea|<jrsy Nearly all the reports, how ever agree in stating that the troops on the spot me I inadequate to repel an attack hair According to intelligence received in New York on' Wednesday from Pine Ridge, an diyjagomcntibctwcen soldiers and Indiiuihiwus expected to take place almost i immediately Six hundred Indians, M who were said to be on the march from Rosebud to Pine Ridge, are stated' to have plundered houses do better Dynasts settlers, and to have killed allows cattle they came across. Fully, 7,000 armed with Winchester bare reported to have assembled at Cherry Creek. tp)A the other hand, it is stated that the Secretary for War at Washington has received news that the Indians' on the Cheyenne River have abandoned their ghost dances and ha^el¿ini6'iii for rations, and that the latest indications at Pine Judge of the intentions of the Indians also appear to be more i eiiBsuring. . ' ' [TlhJ'Sioux nation numbers nearly 30.000Jn'embei s. and is the most powerful tribe of Indians in North America, Twenty-eight years ago the Sioux broke out' and massacred the white "settlers of Minnesota, where they! were then located, foubdued, they were removed to their present i reservations in Dakota. But they were again in conflict with the United States troops in 1875 and 1876. The ' warlike agitation among the Sioux'of, I Dakota proceeds ft out, quite, an ex I exceptional causes if the American tele- grams tell the whole truth. Previous risings have generally been a shortness of rations, and no many charges of malversation have been proved in former times against the agents appointed by the American Government to look after the welfare of the Indians that (says The, Times) a suspicion is apt to arise that the offending tribes have not (received fair treatment, But no cause of the disquiet in the present case appears to be that the Sioux are possessed with the idea that a Messiah is about to appeal, who will extermi- nate- the white man. He has failed to make his appearance this mentions the pi ophets had announced. But the wat like ardour of the Hour having once been aroused, is not disposed to be ex dating over tulle, and is quite satisfied with the explanation that the i event has been postponed for the 1 present ' ' ' The New York Tribune says No class of sin ages is more widely insignia- tive than the American Indian, and none is capable of wilder work under the influence of religious delusion These facts are particularly true of the of Sioux, and although the now dream of ( conquest is not confined to the Dakota tribes, it seems to have originated < among them, and is receiving its ¿ greatest power for harm from their belief jury. TJicyoie not only by far, the most numerous body of wild < indians now living, but they are the bravest the crudest, the most fanatical, and the least tractable. They have the best leaders and the largest resources. They are, of all the most devoted to their tribal customs. They are proud of their history, loyal" to their traditions, and faithful to their chief men. A large body of them is still wilcl,-implacttblo, and viciuus._ÏIiu.. Indians composing it rarely appear at thoagoncies,andohngtcñacious]ylo their barbarous ways. They entertain a vast contempt for the white man's civilisa- tion, and keep their minds over dwelling on the time when the Indian will again be supreme on the boat of which they consider he has been despoiled only as a punishment of the Almighty. The Coming of the Ghost is not a strange idea to the Indian' mind. In one form or another it is a common superstition, and, although large sections of every tribe have received, from tillie to time, to grow weaker in the faith they put in it, there is no doubt that concerted action on the part of their chiefs failed medicine- men might easily revive it. Forth namely the red man has only a feeble talent j for organisation'."' Alen like Joseph, the Nez. Perce, able to direct large bodies. of savages' and to compel obedience to his will, are exceedingly rare, and when they have developed in the past our great Christian Government has' generally succeeded in bribing , them before o they did much harm. But if is almost impossible to eradicate superstition from the mind of an Indian. and it is astonishing what 'silly,, things he will accept; and what prep9'sVrous folly he will commit, under its evil influence. 'In many cases no amount of education suffices fix break its spell, and Indians who have been taught in Eastern schools and have become familiar with the life of great cities have thereafter taken the most conspicuous parts in fanatical disturbances!] ' < < ' 