CONSECRATING ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (from our owx correspondent.) bali.arat, 22nd November. The Cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ballarat, St. Patrick's, having been relieved of debt, the ceremony of con secration took place in an unofficial and quiet manner last week, and to-day the ceremony of Pontifical High Mass was celebrated in the building in honor of the event. The price of admission tickets range 1 from 15s to 5s, and there was a crowded attendance. Around the altar were a large number of distinguished dignitaries of the church, including Cardinal Moran, of Sydney ; Dr. Redmond, Bishop of Wellington, New Zealand; Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne; Archbishop Reynolds, Adelaide; Archbishop Dunne, Brisbane; Bishop Murray, Maitland; Archbishop Murphy, Hobart; BishopReville, Bendigo; Bishop Corbett, Salo; Bishop O'Reilly. Port Augusta; Bishop Dunn, Wil cannia; Bishop Torrigina, Armidale; Bishop Moran, Dunedin: Bishop Higgins, Sydney; and Bishop Moore, Ballarat. Messrs. Nicholas Fitzgerald, M.L.C., Archer,Coghlan, and D. Brophy, knights of the order of St. Gregory, were also present, making the gathering the most distinguished that has yet taken placo in . connection with the Roman Catholic Church. The service consisted of " Hammel's Grand Mass in E flat" with full orchestral accom paniment, the soloists being Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian, Signor Buzzi, and Mt J. W. Burton, and the choir consisted of about 100 voices. The celebrant of the mass was Bishop Moore, assisted by Fathers O'Farrell and Doyle, with Dr. Delaney as master of ceremonies, and 30 acolytes. Cardinal Moran preached the sermon, taking for lii3 text Epliesians, 4th chapter, 4th to Gth verses. He referred to the discussion by the synods and assemblies of the various Protestantorga'nisations to bring abouta great unity, but that could only be done by com promise. The Roman Catholic religion, on the other hand, he said, had always been united, and could stand no compromise, but would continue to the end as it had begun. Referring to the education systems of the various colonies, ho said they were as perfect as possible, perhaps in a secular sense, but would always be imperfect without religious instruction. He therefore urged all Catholics to support their own schools at all hazards. Speaking of the difference between Roman Catholicism and Protes tantism, he compared them to communities of bees and wasps. The bees worked and built cells containing honey, the wasp3 also constructed cells, but made no honey; so the Catholics built their churches, and their religion was one of sweetness, but the Protestants built like the wasps, rind the religion was devoid of the sweetness which belonged to the ancient church. In the afternoon the Bishop of Ballarat gave a banquet at Holy Ghost College, about 200 being present, including the lion. .T. G. Duffy, hon. N. Fitzgerald, hon. H. Cuth bort, Mayor Shoppee, and Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.A. The speeches made had reference exclusively to Roman Catholic matters. On Tuesday Cardinal Moran will lay the foundation stone of the monastery of the Redemptionisfc order, near Lake Y\7en douree. 