Art and Artists. There is uu uld man in New York who his pawed 26 years as a model for artiste. Ho h «s often iK-ori oopled as the idoal Ada a, Kiug Lear. Father Time, and in his yousgor d ive . is Aiuvn Burr. The artists urn now raising ui'K.uy tohcmd bim to u home for aged people, tor his uscfulures to art is now a thing of the pint. Tho youngest lady artist who hat ever hud n picture accepted for tho Rcritl Aoidemy ii lUiss L.timer, of L.-tscu Taik. DiiMiu, who ii now only 16 years of age. 8 Ac shows mm ir-- itbio nrtlstio talent, and is said to havo nudi.-d iu Diisseldurp. At prcHeut she is witkbg by herself, und showing good results. Frank B. Mayor, of Auoapjlin, has painted ou a oun-as 4 luet by 8 Let a group of 2d per sons whoso standing ancl general uppuu'unco may be conjectured from thu title, "Tho Origi nators and Founders of the Baltimore uud Ohiu Railroad." The only one oi the "originators" liviqg ia JohnH. B Latro.it;, who ii now in his 88th year. The original painting by .John Henry Fas- Bell R.A., of tho "Ghost scene from Hamlet," painted about 1778, from whioh tha well kuo «n engraving was made, whioh is included in Boy- doll's " cibahiBpeare Gallery," has been pre sented to the Actors' Fuud of Amorioa by William Thomas Wright of Lcndon, through President A. M. Pulmer. On all eides wo hear (says Mr. Ashhy- Sterry in tno Loudon Graphic) of times boing bad for urt, the difficulty of selling pictures, and the In ferior prices obtained by artists for their work. And yet art galleries are iootoising to an alarming extent. A new galliry occurs evsn o/tener than a new theatre, nnd it fresh picture show is ub freqaout as the tnuoh- maligned matinee. Tho Quoen has commissioned M. Biasini, a local eoulptor, to erect a monument ovor the gravo of Mini Elizabeth Reynolds, the Queen's ohiel housemaid, who is buried in the Qrasss Cemetery, nt a spot solootod by Her Muj esty herself. The monument will aonsiBt of a single block of stono, surmounted by a stone ornss, nnd will bear an inscription in the English and Freuoh languages. Lord Saokville is snid to have sold three of the most important pictures in the oolleotioc at Knole privately for very high prioes. 'The full-length portrait of Mme, Bsohelli, by Gainsborough, now passes into tho colleotioa of Mr. Oanlitfe-Lister. Sir Joshua Reynolds's full-length portmit of Mrs. Abington as " The Oomio Muse," togother with the same artist's well-known work " Gipsy Forluno-toilars," becomes the property of Baron Fordinaud do Rothschild. Miss Gtrlrwte Domain Hammond's pictures st the Jnstituto of Water Colours wore so muoh . ndniiied by tha Empress Froderiok, that her Impirinl Majesty invited the y- ung artist to call cn hot at Buckingham Fn. reo, and bring with her soma other exampl. - of her work Mies Hammond, of oourse, oompliel with the royal request, and among other pietares, sub mitted to bcr Mujes'y a obarmiog water colour just completed, ooiled " A Remau Oanqnoror." The Empress expressed herself au much interested in Miss Hammond's future oarcor. Mile Oderieuhas revived in Frnnoo tho deli cate art of miniature paintiog, whioh threatens to bceome exiinut. Tho dainty portraits by this lady are brooming fajiiouabio. 'The Triu- cesHO Leon do Roham Ohubot and her children have teen painted by Mile. Odcriou. The series of grsci iul miniatures, framed in tho eightoouth century stylo, is ono of tbe oruameuts of the study of the Duke Leon de Rnhun. They are placed ou tho Bploudid writing tublo whioh belonged to the Marquis de Bussy, Viceroy of India, mntcrnal grandfather of tho preBont re presentative of the house of Rohan. In tho boudoir of tlie duobean, hung with pale Indian stuffs, worked in gold, among other souvonirs of friends is a ehurmingly painted tambourine by tho Ducheasodo Cbartres. Crowds have been Booking to tbo Royal Academy Exhibition during the woek (say. the European Mail of May 8), and many of tho leading colonists in town have been soon flitting from room to room, their objcot being to form an independent judgment on the oolleotios. Tho small piotnro by Mr. Samuel Bigg, entitled " In Front of the Grand Stand at tha Finish of tbe Mslbournn Cup," has naturally attraotad oonsidcrahln attention, Of tho pioturos marked "eold," attention may bedrawn in this oolumn tc Mr. Frank Diokseo's painting, " 'The Crisis," Mr. J. W. Watorhouso's " Ulyspns and the Sirens," nnd a water-oolonr by Moyerhoime. These three have been selected hy Mr. Her- komcr, R A., as most desirabio additions for tho Victorian National Gallery, and they will be sent tu Melbourne at tho cIobo of the Academy Exhibition in August. Royal Acadcmiaians of late years havo dene remarkably well out of oolonial art lo vors (rays the European Mail), In addition to disposing of "The Crisis " to tho trustees of tho Victorian National Gallery, Mr. Diokseo has sold his allegorical pioture, " Mountain of tho Winds," to Mr. W. Knsz D'Arny, tho Mount Murgun millionaire, who, by the way, is having a megnifiuent drawing-room, 60 foot ia length, added to his mansion in Middlesex — Btanmore Hall— whioh ha purchased reoently from ilr. John Holland, lute M.P. for Brighton. Mr. M'Culloch, another wealthy Australian, has Surohased Mr. Stanhope Eorboo's " Soldiers and ailora," and one of Mrs. Stanhope Forties's quaint bits of Oornish childlifo. His gallory will also shortly ba enriohed by the addition of a new oanvas by Sir John Millais, and an ox- oellent eubjeot from the brush of Mr. David Murray. ___________ 