AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROTAI,. " The County Fair," which was produced in Adelaide for the first time at the Theatre -Royal on- Saturday night is what may be, termed a dramatic novelty so far as Australia is concerned, being a play not only originating' in America, but beinjj essentially 'American -throughout. To depnvejit of its spice 'of Yankee flavor would be to divest it of the quality upon which it most depends for public favor, just as an essentially Australian play like "Robbery Under Arms," or "The Sunny . South" would in America stand or fall by the verdict of the spectators who appreciated or ' otherwise the scenes from colonial life therein . depicted. .Neil Burgess, the author of "The : County Fair," is a clever actor, who, like Mr. : Sheridan, sustained the leading female role in 1 the piece, but Mr. James MoMahon, who purchased the colonial rights was of opinion ' that the fparfc of Miss Abigail Prue would be more acceptable to colonial playgoers if repre sented by an able actress like Miss Sadie \- Stringham, whose services he secured,- and in this, we think his judgment is correct. It is claimed for " The County. Fair" that "its ? (ionstruction is entirely removed from conven tional methods, and it presents at once a vivid and truthful picture of New England or . | Yankee' country life and character, and a story phrased in that quaint and irresistibly ; humorous idiom that has been made .proverbial \- by. such men as James Russell Lowell and Mark Twain. The almost idyllic sympathy of the story, with its quaint admixture of pathos and unspeakable humor, 'is perhaps not less accountable for the remarkable success which 'The County Fair' is everywhere ex periencing than the now historical race scene." We are able to endorse these claims from what ? we witnessed on the occasion of Saturday night's production, and it is entirely from this standpoint that "The County Fair" must be judged. It is a play almost without a plot, and the slender thread of story which runs, through it can be traced in a few words.. A good-hearted spinster,. Abigail Prue, owning Rockbottom Farm, receives into her service as a domestic a young girl known as Taggs, a waif sent down by the New York Rescue Mission. Taggs is- fol lowed by Tim Tanner, another waif of the jockey type, and he also secures a place on the ^r.m* The male boss of the establishment is Otis Tucker, with whom Abigail is secretly in love, and he returns her affection, but is too bashful to speak.- Solon Hammerhead has a mortgage over the farm and anxiously waiting to foreclose.' He makes the discovery, that Tim Tanner has been a gaolbird, and at the same time Taggs is accused of the theft of a watch,_ and "both are being dismissed by Miss Abby in disgrace, when Otis returning from !New York says he placed his watch before he went away for safety in the place where it was found. Taggs is therefore restored to ' favor and Tim also, and the latter discovers that in Cold Molasses they have a racehorse who can. .'wiii the principal stake at the county fair. Tim adopts all kinds of dodges to keep Molasses in training till the eventful day, as Miss Abby wants the horse to be fattened up and- go slow in her buggy. Unknown to her the farm hands subscribe tne. entrance money, i and Ccdd Molasses, ridden by Tim; starts and yins a desperate race. The 3,030 dollars thus . earned come as -a windfall to Miss'Abby, and enables her to pay off the mortgage and retain : Rockbottom Farm. Otis Tucker plucks up courage enough to speak, and is accepted, and no doubt Taggs in due i time becomes united to Em. The interest in "The; County Fair" ; depends not so much upon its story as upon the manner of its construction aiid'thei way it 1 is produced. Otis Tucker andAbigail Prue are typical Yanks, the former speaking all through with a slow_ deliberate drawl, quaint and aggravating in its nasal twang-, and yeir the parti is made highly humorous. * Abigail Prue speaks - with an equally strong 'Merikin ? flavor, with a -rapidity and volubility that is just as distressing in its way as the drawl of Otis.; .Miss Abby's tongue goes with the dang, of a church bell,ana she expresses herself heartily and openly abopt everything and to everybody., She has a 'most determined will : and way of her own, but she is amenable to sentimental flattery,vand t^a soft side of her ? character " is shown in her eharitable actions and her affection for " that boy Otis." These .. parts are respectively- placed-by Mr.- Frank " J. Currier: 'and SCBs/ Stm^iam- and upon them the .whole..success, of .the piece depends. They keep the other members of the company: goingyana every scene but the laBfc one in which -the race horses are emjaged. The supportingeharacters are Taggs (Miss _Marie'Brooks), who has not much of the waif inherappearance or style, as she makes up and acts so. as . to be . interesting and attractive,- while playing with th& measure of \- abandon that is necessary to the role. As Tim Tanner Mr. R. Watson assumes a "downy" . swagger, and olays up to Taggs in the comedy ! scenes.. - He also dances and sings successfully > in the corn husking olio, in which all" the? characters appear - either as - performers' "or . listeners. Solon Hammerhead has an able :re presentative in Mr.'Oily Deering, who makes up well and. doe3 his business efficiently.. : There are also. Miss Abby's" .niece .Sally (Miss Ada Dow), Sally's pupil (Miss Kate . Victor), Joel Bartlett (Sir. Harris), Silas Thompson (Mr. Wood), Ben Wilson, a singer (Mr. Keith), BilTParker, ; a bookmaker (Mr. Maher), :and numerous other , personages. ; " The County Fair " is . made up of incidents of everjr- day life, and; therefore is something of a medley with a strain of extravaganza running through it to . rouse the laughter of the audience. : For example, Tim Tanner is hidden in an unused ovenby -Taggs, who comes down in her night dress, to let him out/. Miss Abby and Sally are roused bj ~a sudden noise-and appear in the Bame . night ,;garb^ one of- them: having ' tumbled headlong down the stairs. This secures thefallof the cuCTam amidst shouts of. laughter, and applause^ The race in the concluding act : is certainly a. most realistic, affair, as three live' horses are seen running at top speed actually making the number of strides' that- would carry" them over a mile of ground. These horses have been trained.to the work, and specially brought over at r a. big expense from Melbourne. ... Dandy,' King Fisher, and .Cold Molasses are respec tively^ ridden by J. Sinclair, F. Cubitf, and Tim Tanner, and ashasbeenexplained the whole thing is done by a very ingenious'piece of mechanism. The'horses are actually running On revolvin g cocoanut fibre belts - stretohed on drums and-supported on rollers, while the scenery at the back is a. panorama of the country running in an opposite direction. Owing _to delays en route the scenery and mechanism only arrived here on Saturday morning, and. were with difficulty got into working order by the night. Making allowances for its hasty preparation the scene went well on Saturday, ana by its realism evoked the hearty plaudits of the onlookers^ There was a big house, and the audience appeared thoroughly to enjoy the piece, so that it seems likely " The County Fair" will have a success ful run throughout the week. Mr. P. Hughes, . advance manager for Messrs. Williamson, Garner, & Musgrove, has arrived in Adelaide to make arrangements for the appearance here of their Comic Opera Company, which will open at the theatre on Wednesday, September 16, in Gilbert and Sullivan's latest work "The Gondoliers." Simonsen's Italian Opera Company are due to appear here on November 28. SATURDAY'S POFTTLAB CONCERT. There was a fair attendance at the thirteenth popular concert of the series, but in point of musical success it can hardly be £aid to bear favorable comparison with those previously ' given. The singers with one or two excep tions seemed out of sympathy with the songs they sang, and the audience was correspond ingly cold and irresponsive. Mr. H. G. Wash gave Pinsuti's descriptive song "The Raft" correctly, but without infusing any semblance of lifeor vigorintohis singing, so thatsofaras the audience was concerned the mother and child might as well have been engulfed in the waves as saved by the "gallant craft." In "Life's roll call" just the opposite effect was pro duced, every word being given its true value, the result being sympathetic and pleasing. Of the vocalists Miss Minna Schrader was most in touch with the audience, her rendering of Hope Temple's "In sweet September" being full of pathos and richly deserving the encore which followed, while " The lass of Rich mond Hill," with which she responded, was equally charmingly sung. Miss Schrader's other selection, " Good-night, farewell," given with clear enunciation and tasteful expression, was also well received. Mr. T. L. Middleton did but scant justice to " Home of my heart," from Wallace's "Lurline." His voice was hard and strained and hi» efforts to reach the higher : notes were extremely painful. If suffering from a cold it would have been infinitely preferable for the singer to have substituted the lower notes both for his own and his hearers' sake. The effect of this exploding on the top notes in the duet With Miss Schrader, "One tender kiss," was both harsh and unmusical. A slight improvement was noticeable in Robertson's "Because I love thee so." Mr. Middleton's second number. Miss Bertha Rossow sang Rubinstein's." Du Bist wie eine Blutne," and in response to an encore "Home; sweet home," which was given with technical correctness, but entirely lacked that subtle feeling with which other artistes have exercised so powerful a sway over the emotions of their hearers. A waltz song by Yenzano, in which unfor tunately the piano and voice got somewhat at sea, was Miss Rossow's next number, the final one being Gounod's setting of Victor Hugo's beautiful words "Whenthy song thro' the Btillness of night." This was oharmingly given, the violoncello obligate byHerrVollmar and Mr. C. J. Sharp's tasteful playing of the piano accompaniment largely contributing to the success of this exquisite song. The grand quartet from Verdi's "Eigoletto" was given by Misses Bertha Rossow and O'Sullivan ana Messrs. T. L. Middleton and H. R. Holder, but was not a striking success, there being too much individualism about the' voices, which y failed to blend harmoniously. By far tbo most enjoyable portions of the programme . were the 'cello solo of Here Volhnar, whose masterly performances on this in strument are : nob. staled -by repetition, but . are always heard with pleasure. Not alone does Herr Vollmar display his' love for his art in the skilful manipulation of his instrument or in the sweet, rich tones wlioh it breathes forth at his command, but it is noticeable that he commits to memory the most intricate and difficult subjects, all of which he has literally at his fingers' ends. Goltermann's "Concerto," which Herr Yollmar has previously played in Adelaide, was repeated on Saturday with a wealth of expression and power which was simply entrancing, while an adagio by Bargiel was equally fascinating. _ The art of a true accompanist is self-denying, and Mr. C. J. Sharp is a leading exponent of that art, his accompaniments being simply perfection. The final concert of the season will be held on. Saturday next, when the services of the follow ing artistes have been engaged-HerrenH. Heinicke, and G. Yollmar, Misae3 Lucy Stevenson and O'Sullivan, Messrs. C. P. James, M. Marcus, H. G. Nash, and H.R. Holder. ; BrtilABD EXHIBITION. j John Roberts, jun., the champion billiard player of the world, will commence a short: skison at Garner's Rooms this afternoon, during which he will give a display of his wonderful mastery over the "ivories." His name amongst the lovers of the green cloth is World-famed, arid for many years he has been head and shoulders over all opponents in every part of the world. His mastery- over the game 18 simply perfection, while his fancy shots are of a most fascinating charaoter. Mr. Roberts arrived on Saturday morning by express, having given exhibitions to very large audiences ifa Melbourne and Sydney. Among*: these, were the governors of the two colonies and , Countess Hopetoun. In Melbourne he gave.-.; one-fourth of the gross receipts of bis season to the floods relief fund, whioh benefited to the-' extent of over £200. In Adelaide he will appear;' dvery afternoon at 3 o'clock and every evening,at: 8 o'clock, meeting Evans, the champion of Australia, Albers, the local champion, Powers of Broken. Hill, and one or" two well-known -amateurs. Garner's Rooms, as we have indi cated, has been, specially "fitted- up, the table being placed inthe centre of the . stalls, and Iters of seats raised around .it". This afternoon the Governor and partywill be present, when Roberts and Evans will start a2,000 up game, Evans being conceded 1,000. ' Mr. Roberts will also exhibit his skill in fancy' billiards* Mr. H. A. ? Albers has charge of the general arrange ments for the games,- and under his super vision the table has been erected. 'The season will last for a week. The box plan has been Opened atfWoddmaii's. i . -THE Cyclobajia. - ! The interest in this magnificent representa tion in no'wajr "flags." During the 'past week nearly 2,000 visitors, have '.passed the turnstile. Mr. Lockley's interesting descriptions, which are interspersed with some very -quaint re marks, are much appreciated.- The musical effects during the lectures are charming, and j {he darkness-and earthquake, .make a most realistic addition to."the scene. i ? -. The FASTING- MAN. . ' . i \ Felix Tanner's feat of fasting for 40 days and nights came to a'teiS^atibnoriSatrordaynight at 10 o'clock. This is the thiid fasb Tanner has Accomplished since last~November. There was a large concourse of visitors throughout the day dnd evening, Mid at 10 o'cloci^ in the presence 6f a "full house,'" he"broke*his fast by partak ing of a small quantity, of soda and-milk. On this and light-liquids he will have to subsist for the next ten days. In outward appearance Tanner hasnofcmaterially changed for several days, hut the waste of. tissue was serious, his: weight being less by 36 lb. than, when he started on the'28th June. His-facial expres- . Sion was weary and worn, the eyes showing a ' great want of lustre, and his body was tery shrunken. In the chest measurement. he lost 6 in., and in the umbillicus 7 in., with proportionate shrinkage in 'the limbs and heck. Tanner's next feat will be a trial of en durance with Succi, the American- faster, minus, however, the medicant' which Succi uses. Whatever science may gain from such tests it is only fair to say that there was - nothing repulsive in the exhibition, and that: the management was oonducted with every re gard to the comfort of visitors, : . | . iGHOST 3iit;sidN. . ' ' This exhibition attracted a large number of j visitors on Saturday. Mr. Bousmard . an ; nounces his last week'but one. - " . 