VIRTUOUS HIGGS. Alf attempt lias been piade to fasten upon Mohsi's. Bibbs, Traill, Edmunds i and Toouey the responsibility for tho alleged bribing of Mr. Hicas, but it j has miserably failed. When Mr, Hiogs took his story to the Daily j AAkUauilAjril VI1D lUbbUl LtiUUIiU jt had got a remarkably good thing. It imagined, no doubt, that it would, through this spicy bit of intelligence, burst up the protec tionist party, and politically annihilate Mr, Dibbs. But this morning it recognises that the material is too dangerous for it to handle in its usual way, and, therefore, its comments on the subject are exceptionally flabby, It knows that neither Mr. Bibbs nor any other member of tho pro tectionist bunch for South Sydney was a party either directly or in directly to the movement for bringing about the retirement of Messrs, Hiogs and Flowers. If the paper will insinuato that any of these gentlemen did try to bribe the two labor candidates it will- have the opportunity afforded it of proving that its insinuation was justified. But our contemporary has already had ono painful experience in tho Supremo Court in connection with Mr. Bibbs, and naturally it does not desire an other of the same kind. I t is notico- able that tho Herald has not imitated tho tactics of tho King-street organ. That paper has not always been fair either to Mr. Dibbs or to tho protec tionist partj', but to - damage its op ponents ib has never used Chiueso stink-pots or. any other detestablo in ventions. Tho so-called exposure made by the virtuous Mr. Hiogs, through tho medium of the Daily Telegraph, caused- a sensation for a fow hours, but when the facts wore examined the public saw that they were really not worth making a fuss about. Mossrs. Higgs and Flowers were offered their expenses if they would retire from the contest at South-Sydney. There is not a particle of evidence that they were offered more. That tho offer was illogal nobody will assert, -Was it a proper one to make ? At every general election scores of similar offers have; been inarle; and whilst party government exists this practice will bo repeated at every general election in the future — it will, that is to say, if candidates are as plentiful in the future as they are now. This sort of thing is not done so frequently in England as it is in Australia, because the caucus system has been so tho roughly developed in that country that 110 man who ignores the party machine has the ghost of a chance of being elected, and therefore hardly anybody bocomes a oandidate for parliamentary honors on his own responsibility. In New South Wales there is party government, but there is no party organisation worthy of the name, and therefore at every general elec tion there are usually four times as many candidates as there are seats to be filled. In the circumstances it is the duty of the party managers to effect the reduction by legitimate means of the number of candidates, so that thoro may be a fair fight for the principles at stake. It is in the interest of tho country that this should be the case, for otherwise the Government might be one that had tho support of only a minority of the elec tors. No one will deny that at the last general election more votes were polled for proteotion than for free- trade, but in consequence of the evil to which we have referred the free traders obtained a small majority in the Legislative Assembly. In this morning's issue of the Herald it is stated that there are eight or niue free- trade candidates for the three seats connected with tho Cam den eleotorate, and the opinion is expressed that unless some of the candidates retire the protectionistsmay gain at least two of the seats. Under these cireumstiincos the managers of tho free trade party would be ex tremely foolish if they did not do all in their power to reduce the number of tbe candidates to three; and since they have not the power to boycott those of the candidates whom they disapprove they would be quit 6 justified in accepting an ofi'cr from any of tliom to retire on the condition that his legitimate ex penses were paid. Wo fail to see that there would be anything immoral in that arrangement. Now let us apply this reasoning to the South Sydney business. It is tho general opinion that if the contest in that electorate were confined to four protectionists and four free-traders the former would win by a big majority.' At one time it was honed that the contest would be carried on on those conditions. But the local Labor League nominated two mep. to'stand exclusively on the plat form adopted by the Central Labor Eleotoral Association. Everybody knew that the result of this move would probably be not only tho defeat of the two labor candidates, but also the defeat of the protectionist bunch. The four freo-trade can didates would be elected, and thus the electorate . would be praotically disfranchised, and the labor party would at the same time receive a terrific blow. Both in and out of Parliament Messrs. Traill, Tooiiey and Edmunds luul done all that it was possible for them to do to advance the interests of the laboring classes ; there is no man who can say that from the time these gentlemen entered ' the Legislature any one of them j did a single thing that merited | condemnation by reasonable working i men. As, therefore, they had proved themselves to bo true friends of labor was it policy on the part of the Labor League to take a step which might result in thoso gentlemen being de- I feated at the election, and putting supporters of the Government at the top of the ppll ? The proper thing to do in the circumstances was to state the above facts to the labor can didates, and tben ask them to retire from the oontest; and if they had incurred expense in connection with the campaign it was propor to ponsent, or oven make an offer, to pay them the amount thoy had -been out of pocket. Will 1 any free-trade paper of any standing | dare to say that such an offer is I bribory 1 None of the witnesses whom uiiu oujjui iuuit ojjr vii iuuuo iiiuua ; hid away in a roam in his i residonee for the purpose of en- ! abling him to have an' opportunity of posing as an exceptionally solf- j sacrificing champion of tho laboring | classes by trapping a friend of many i years' standing, and who bad more ; than once helped him when he was I sick and in distress, has testified that | more than a sum to cover the elec- : tioneering expenses of himself and I Mr. Flowers "was offered. Mr Higgs indeed said that the amount offered was not sufficient to cover the expenses. , So bursts this bubbla and the only persons who are affected by the malo dorous spray are Higgs and Flowers and the Teleorapii people. That Higgs and his colleague come very badly out of this business will be admitted by everybody- except gaol birds and other persons with like dis positions. That Higgs will ever be trusted again is extremely improbable. For any man who is capable of the contemptible trickery which he admits having practised is undeserving of any confidence whatever, if it suited him to do so he might betray his friends as readily as his enemies. Since the establishment of responsible government in New South Wales a number of representatives from the ranks of labor have had scats in tho Legislative A ssombiy. With two or three exceptions thoso have betrayed their order. Is there not good reason for believing that if Mr. Higgs were sent iiito Parliament I10 would prove as unreliable as the very worst of those men ? 