VERBENA CAMELLIA SIEPHA WOTIS. A COMPLETE STORY. [By WALTER BUS ANT.] Then* the Priest, as the Rubric directs, took the child in his own hands, holding it dex terously and not like a prentice, or mere curate unaccustomed to the right handling of a baby! but with a circular sweep of the left so that tha , head of the infant lay nestled in the bend of the arm, and the body' was supported by the hand, and the right hand %vas free to. ad minister the healing waters of the font, and he sa^Ti the child's sponsors who were her Aunt El^a ^d ^er ear^y mother, with "Name this child." which, the godfather, also the father, re plied ma clear and intelligible voice-"Ver bena Camellia Stephanotifl." He was a short mim with, stuping shoulders, a broad forehead and,meditative eyes. When he had done thi3 I .part of Jus duty, knowing that the clerk, as ia usual in such cases, would do all the rest, his eyes departed from the situation and went right throught the church walls into some far distant place. In reality they were looking into-his fernery, which was under glass about a roue and a half away. £ Now the priest was a masterful man who scrupled not to restrain the unbridled sponsor by authority of the church.. Once, for instance, herefused to christen a child Judas Iscariot, even; though his father was: a professed total I w?bellever) - and therefore expected every I allowance. On this occasion, also, he per ! ceived that-the proposed- names were prbfes I sional. He, therefore,. changed the name by I his-own authority and without asking the god father's consent, to Vera Camilla. Heentsrei ihes&namessn; the book and-showed them t® the parents. . ? -.<. -; "It doesn't matter," -said the father-" I shall call her what I please," In the end ha he-ver called her anything at all. .-s "Vera Camilla," said her mother. "It's sweetly gehteeL" . i "Vera^^id. Aunt d&za.; "Why, it's,a name -fit for any lady. Verbehar indeed T 'You might as well have called the dear child Cllyoek. .?..- .. ' v.,' i ; . ?-??.??? . II. v.. . . j Vera lived in the loveliest'cottage ever seen j-® cottage such as is sometimes provided for ?yotmg lovers by a fadry; it seemed to be of ona story, but there were really two small bedrooms in the two gables-they had sloping sides and dust room enough for a bed and a cnair and a looking-glass. The cottage was covered all overwith climbing plants up to the very chim toey-f Virginia, creeper/ wisteria, clematis, jes samine occupied each its own side or corner, a passion flower held poesession of the poroh, the lawn' .before--the cottege^sras trim and nfeat: .mown and rolled till' dt was as soft as velvet jand as smooth as silk.' There were beds in .which every kind of flower grew and flourished r land m ;? the background there were flowering -shrubs which blossomed* one or other, all the Jong year round. ] iTha household consisted of a girl and her her mother now lying not far off. \The, father,.always. a meditative*. Trm-n.. was Entirely absorbed . in his profession, and talked of nothing but his plaints. He spoka m them as a schoolmaster speaks of bis jpupiis. He reoognised promise, bub experienca teugixt; him to look for r disappointment. iHe knew.the temptation^ and, thodangers [which besei the, vegetable dringdom,; their., manners and customs, the-failings ahd weak nesses of his plants.: Of these tilings haspoke^ and he was nnable -to speak or to think of .any thing beside. Did his daughter want any thing ?, What should she want, living in a. post beautiful and spacious j^iraenTpIantai. with every tree, shrub, and flower that will flourish under the sky in northern London ? .All day long he was engaged with his flowers; im the, evening h« went to his club at the .tavern. .His daughter,, therefore, saw him jonly at meals, where he mostly took his food an silence. , : ... | The .cottage looked out upon the l.iwn, and therefore commanded a view of the great iron gates on the left,'and in front thei broad gravel xoad which led to the Ground, and on the righfc the Ground itself-not a park or. a playground or a place of. recreation-but the Ground puring the hours when- the ground Was .' used the girl always sat with her back to the win dow as though the view displeased her. She had very early contracted this habit, and now .continued' it, .though she no longer. felt the least dislike to the view from the window or ta the -panorama., of those who; marched past in cadet to.use the Ground. ????'?. - F ,n I The iron gates opened upon the high road ;now deserted, though in the old days it had ibeen day and .night covered with- carta, wag gons, stage, coaches, carriages,^ tad drove3 of 'cattle. Now the tramp limped painfully [along, or.the young London oleokcm Saturday afternoon and Sunday rolled swiftly along upon his; bicycle. - Otherwise the road was ;deserted savefbr.those who drove (for nobody iv&Iked;) to the Ground. % . ; About 10 o'clock in' the morning the business and activity of the day began and continued without /pause' until; the afternoon,' when ib stopped. At 5 o'clock'the gates were closed; ;Then" Vera had the Ground all to herself.\\- ? ; The business of the day began, and con ,tinued with a procession. Sometimes ib was a procession of many vehicles, but generally of no more than three. First there came an Ark with a treasure chest in it, Jand that so precious that it was covered all over with flo.wers., ?Next two cairiages'followed drawn by black horses and filled with people, who sst bote uprighrwhen anybody was looking, and stuck out their chins with pride' at their own respectability. The procession testified to the family greatness.' - It is nob often that tha family, which is for the most part an invisible units can illustrate its own greatness ;in fact, this is nearly the only function which can serve that purpose. The procession entered ? 'the gates and drora_slowly past the cottage, where tbeocoupantsof the carriages' were often dis appointed at seeing not the face but the back and the shoulders of a girl, That anyone should have so little Curiosity as not to turn round and estimate the respectability of a family! The carriages rolled on; they stopped before a small building where ceremonies were con ducted. When these were finished the peopla ;came away, but without their treasure.1 They came away, got into the carriages, and drove away briskly. Not far from the iron gates is the tavern known as. the "Fox and Grapes;" 'here there - is a large room -with a comfortable fire for the reception of visitors. Thei tavern is famous to those who use the Ground for ths most sympathetic of : all drinks;1 It i8 un sweetened,- except with lump sugar according to taste, and is taken with hot water. ; All the morning long one procession followed another.: They- were all exactly alike except that sometimes there was a longer following of carriages. Vera heard them pass, but she never looked round. '. : The' Ground, in fact, was a cemetery in the: ! West Finehley-road, the cemetery of » great London parish; a large park covering -many acres, laid out in flower beds, lawns, gravelled i .walks, trees'and shrubs, so that in spring, 'summer and autumn it js a very lovely garden, and even in winter it is not without its beauty. Among the flower-beds and the shrubs lie in rows--row after row, miles of rows-the graves of the dead. Most of them have headstones; many have broken pillars, crosses, square j tombs, polished granite slabs, little columns I planted with flowers. There were legends arid epitaphs on these monuments. There is a . certainmonotony about the epitaphs of London cemeteries Mostly, to those who read between the lines, theyrunas follows" Sacred to tha. memory of A. B., who lived 70 years and did nothing tvortby of. remembrance. - He was a sincere and consistent Christian, always horribly afraid of going to heaven, and quite I certain that no one would send him emyyrher& else. He thought of nothing but money, and lie made a little, but not what he had a right j to expect. He carried on his affairs to the end . without being publicly disgraced. Every Sun j day morning he went to church, and during the rest of the day he feasted. His fatnily, : who quarrelled over the division, speak of him no longer;" . . .- : .. j The population of the place, although the j Ground lias only been opened for 30 years, is a quarter of a million. The Ground does not be long to/a parish where men of -letters, art> or science live, and there is not one of all this immense -multitude .whose works survive to continue his name for another generation. . IWhen the processions of the day were over, the great gates closed, the chapellocked, and the Grcqutmorts; gcine, Vera had the place to her self, and could wander about the paths. , She Iknew, every part of the cemetery; in one i corner the little bit of coppice left nucleated, in another ,the two or three apple-trees still ; remaining-remnant of an orchard j the part of the ground not yet laid out, covert with ilong bents and darnel and coarse grass, and ; the hedge beyond this field where she gathered blackberries in autumn, and roses and honey ; suckle in June. . . . She_ wandered alone about the great silent ; place in the summer evenings. Long after tha Run went down her white figure among the white tombs shone ghostly in the. twilight. She never went anywhere; her life wasr wholly spent within these walls. Half- a-mile up the road there was a school where she had learned certain accomplishments which wereof .little use to her, because she seldom read any thing and never wrote. She made no friends; ; there is a certain prejudice attached to or.e resident in a cemetery; it is awkward to give a cemetery as youi permanent address: some little odium attaches to any office connected with such an institu tion. Vera, therefore, had no friends. Other girls go about and see things, they have amuse ments;. Vera wents nowhere. Other girls, ac.jiin, get a little-excitement and change when they put on their best clo'hes and go to church. Vera did not go _ to ohnrch. : The reaFon was, not that superiority of intel lcet V.!ir-1I shuts the church door to so mfer.y " yonu'g' "? lAdifs ?' of the-' clay, -'but . fcijttijily Litcivufo her father considered that Avhoi yon have"church and chapel services goiug on every day the necessities of the human ease are more than met. Between the time when Vera left school and the beginning of this history a period of two years passed away. That is to say, for two years the girl lived at the gates of the cemetery and went 11 owh ere else except to" the row of suburban shops hear the school, where she bought the things wanted for her housekeeping. To a. girl, almost_ a child, living thus alone among the tombs, with burials going on all day long, with no.friends, no outside world except a long deserted road, life may come to seem ' like-an endless Dansc Macabrc, a dance of death, a pageant of death. To'this place, hither, must all be brought; it is the universal end.. What was the outside, world engaged upon all the time?' Clearly, she concluded, undertaker^. Some made' eoffins, some coffin plates, handles', ornaments, linings,. shrouds.'; some made black carriages; some black coats" and.black frocks; some were told off-to) read the service appointed;. the head undertaker was the Chief Minister of State ; nothing was regarded-.but the future, occupation . of . the Ground;:the. chief, object in saving money was to provide for. a-: respectable: procession;, r Life was all deathclothes nothing, but a sign, of mourning; clergymen, chaplains to cemeteries; religion, an. assurance .to tne bereft; eveything. beautiful was intended jfor , nothing , but the adoinment of theperoianent home. . ? . _ .I do not say that Vera put all these thoughts into wordsyoung, girlsao not formulate their thoughts; language cannot clothe: them; .but they assumed this color and complexion. The cemetery was all she really knew. Perhaps because, everybody who came to the ground was clothed in black. Vera with a kind of instinct rather than by protest dressed always in white. No one woulu have interfered with her,if she had chosen yellow, but she chose white. Black belonged to the processions; black belonged to the ladies who came after wards! sometimes for as much as six months later, with flowers. The black spots moving about among the green erayes and. the flower beds in this beautiful .garden offended the girl's eyes. Therefore she wore white;, in winter white flannel slid in summer "white stuff. She carried a basket'and a .pair of garden scissors and she went about attending to the flowers of the forgotten graves, those for which there were no longer any mourners to pay the gar dener. : She was d t^ thin: slip" of a, girl, about sixteen years of age* as.yet with little of the womanly > figure;, her fair hair .abundant hung, uncemfined except by-a ribbon ; her blue eyes were. large'and .serious; 'her face_ was grave;. her:very; 6tep>was serious: -she. .neither laughed- nor ,sangt nor danced as she went along, although she was: ;so young-you see, it checks laughter, and sin^ing; to remember that, though a quarter of a million may-be listening, they, cannot reply even with- an echo. I read once' of a child brought up in a nunnery, one of the. austere houses where ."the sisters dig their own graves, and where the ;days are for ever cheered,by the sound, of the :. knell, of the passing bell. Then I remembered Vera. As that cloister child so was Vera. ? III. . - Thei ties- of kinship are less respected on certain social levels than on- others. -. The English family very easily breaks up into separate pieces; ^brothers and sisters-go: their ownway, they scatter ; if they "remain in the same place^ they quarrel; children who could be cousins know .each other no longer; those .? who' get up in the. world are too proud to enquire after-, those- who remain down5 below; those; who are below are too proud to intrude upon those who arenp. Family pride, - therefore,: has its uses; . Vera's-faoher, for in- , stance, remained head; gardener of the new cemetery; Hisbrother-tnpugh this he did not know; because.he never read any newspapers^ was Prime Minister of New South Wales ; another brother, also unknown to him, was a eilverking, and controlled I know not what. He remained. Had he gone abroad, as his " brothers did, he would have become botanist to a colony, professor of botany in some colonial University,: Fellow of theBoyal Society. As it waa he remained at home, and was a gardener: whose thoughts never travelled beyond his plants.'-"-; ' -. !'' - 3ut even at home one may rise, Vera had an aunt-her mother's sister-her Aunt Eliza. She, by reason of her husband's great success, had climbed to a dizzy height, even to a house in Bedford Square and a carriage; Aunb Eliza's husband, indeed, was none other thana certain -well-known, far-famous purveyor in the city. It would be hard indeed if so eminent a citizen ishould; not have his carriage and his house in Bedford Square beautifully furnished, and on Sundays his dinner parties at 3 in the afternoon. But Aunt Eliza had well-nigh forgotten the existence of; her niece. * Her sister was dead ; her -sister's husband was fardener to a cemetery; there was a* child, 'rosperity makes one acquainted1 with other prosperous persons; people who have a goodv concern1 in the: city cannot remain on intimate tcrmswith cemeterygarderieis;Do not blam® Aunt Eliza, 'tis the way 'of the world; She had not.called at the lodge for fourteen years. : One" day in leafy May, the lalWnum and the lilacs"being to rail flower, there entere^ the gatessa :procession.;of great length and mag nificence, with suchwaving plumes and such a pile of flowers as denoted respect to success. Evidently a prince of Israel. Vera, sitting in ji her room with her back, to the window, was conscious only of prolonged blackness grating over'the gravel. .... -When everything was over, and the mourners were returning to their carriages, one of them, ' a portlydame of benevolent- aspect,. walking beside her husband-twas-he of the great pro-, vision shop- whispered,. " John, I must stay, behind and see him, if ifs only for poor Amelia's sake.. Tell them I am staying to see the grave - of a friend. '. You go on ana I will get home by myself somehow." . -?When the last carriage had passed through the gates, Aunt Eliza opened the door of tne .lodge. ." Goodness graciousshe cried, "I suppose you're Vera. Lord! how you're grown. - A young woman, I declare, and a pretty one too. GiVe me a lass, my dear. I'm your Aunt Eliza, come for a funeraL Well, to be sure. Why. ifs a pretty room and all, though, of coure, one wouldn't expect to findypn sitting on a. coffin-lid. And where's your father, my dear?' When at last she went away, she held out both hands and kissed her niece kindly. - My dear," she said, " it's perfectly dread ful to think of a ohjld like you-a big girl too -sitting" among /the tombs all the while, like as if you were. possessed, seeing nobody and talking to nobody and going nowhere. It's enough to make one melancholy mad. You shall eome to see us. John and ,me; will make you. welcome. . Look here now, Vera, my dear -I remember when ycftir father wanted to call you-Sweet William, or some suchname-r-you come next Saturday afternoon. ? Come early and 111 get you some pretty things to wear, though jvliite is always becoming, I will say that. In the evening we'll go .the theatre and seemy favorite Nina CazaletSunday morning, if ifs firie,. we always drive out. There's open / house for dinner, and the rest of the day spent with such laughing; and talking as you nevert heard. TJgh'i" she shuddered, "you can't laugh' in a cemetery. : That's. right, you'll come. Don't let on about, the Ground* you know. In a year or two, perhaps, when the young man comes along you can break it gently. That's settled then, and I'm glad I came; truly glad I am," . rv. A place filled with people ; the women in lovely dresses, smiling and talking, the men as animated arid as happy as custom permits. ' Bright light everywhere, a band playing sweet music,-a curtain painted with-girls and young men, flowers, dances and sunshine, the air charged with the perfume of joy and youth. Vera sat beside her aunt in the front row of the: dress-circle, her eyes wide open, her lip3 trembling, her hands trembling, her whole frame- tingling with the wonder and the novelty of it. .Then- the curtain _ drew up, and for three hours Very: was ravished away. The theatre existed no longer; she was not sitting before a stage; she was looking on, unseen, at; fairy land. She s§w, for the first time, youth and the happiness of youth; the joy of being beautiful, the joy of being loved, the joy of living and wooing, the joy of sunshine, the joy of life; for the first time she felt that yearning for joys unattainable which glorifies youth, though it too often makes that time unhappy. She heard the gospel of joy. When the house laughed:; she felt as if something jarred.; It was as if. she was recalled rudely to the actual world. The bell would be' tolling next. She looked on gravely wondering. When the cur- ? tain fell between the acts she sighed .and gasped^ and the tears camel into her eyes. When her aunt spoke to her slie replied faintly foebause'her mind was with the play. . ,; - Among the company was an actress who \- took theleading.part. To this girl she seemed' like a being of wnose : existence she had never even dreamed, . She wa? young, . she > was beautiful; she had a sweet face and a sweet voice, her lips were always smiling, her eyes Jbeamed, witn happiness and with mirth; in the play all the men loved her and courted her, in the -house the young men clapped their hands for joy whenever she appeared. She was the queen, the goddess, the patron saint of love and happiness and beauty. Vera followed here.as she moved upon the stage; her car nage, her gestures, her voice, her eyes, fasci nated the girl. When all was over they came home through the lamp-lit streets in a hansom. Vera went tobed too much excited to sleep; happy just to lie and recall the evening and to see again in imagiMtion the actress who had charmed her with her simple spell and pretence of hap piness. On Monday she went home, arriving with the second procession of the day. All the day, all the week she walked about restlessly; in the evening she wandered in the- Ground ; ; but: she avoided the' -in habited , portion. She had . to pass through the graves in order to get to the unused field; the shuddered cs the passed, because-her head vus filled with a yeaaiiiig utttri' wliat-she had .<-( en uj:on the stage. These- poor (load people Jnid been talcei). perhaps. from such a world ot joy-a world where the undertaker is not seen. Only in the far corner of the tield did she feel able to give herself tip to the thought and re collection of tho theatre. When Saturday oame she did a strange thing. First, she made up a bouquet of white flower?, then she wrote a little note'and pinned it among the flowers. "From Vera. I love you. If you will let me love you, carry my bouquet." . She tied up her bouquet in silver "paper, and after tea, at G o'clock, she took- her jacket and her hat and went out of the gates and turned down the road in the direction of 'London. Her father was gone -to his club. .He would not get home until 10, aud - she always went to bed at' 9. He 'would nqt know. .' * - ' ' It was nearly 8 o'clock when 'she arrived at !the theatre. She boldly walked in through the (crush of the people' who were crowding in, and ;asked the.ticket-taker.how she was to convey -her flowers to Miss Nina. Cazalet. Hedirected ;her to. the stage door,, where she found Irp ^difficulty in sending in her gift. Then she ireturned to the^ front of the house. . Here she made'the discovery tha,t dress-circle. seats, were ;seven shillings a-piece, and she had but two shillings in her purse. With this modest sura; '.however, she found a place in the pit, and sab [there, with beating heart, until the. curtain rose. 1 " : ' ' ". -' ? ? /' i Alas! Nina Cazalet came in without her ;bouquety and: her heart fell ias; heavy as lead. jThen _sne reflected that in such a piece the actress could net. carry a bouquet. This thought relieved her. Perhaps the actress would make some sign to her; but no si,jn came.. Then'she "remembered thiat the actress could not possibly know her by sight, and again she took courage. Finally she surrendered herself to the magic of the piece, and once more lost all consciousness while the comedy was played. The theatre .over, she came away. -The street was full of people, pushing and shouting. Vera stood hesitating.. Somebody spoke "to her. She turned and walked away. She walked through crowded slums, and through deserted streets. No one molested her; she had no fear. She 'came out at length beyond, the houses into the long dark road, -stretching north,' between hedges. All the way she noticed nothing. Her brain was filled with the. voice of the actress, and with her face, and with the magic ;of her grace, and. with the joy, unlike anything ever known on'earth, which this sweet white. ; witch poured into the hearts of those who sat ; at'her feet. j It was a fine night; the stars were, out The ?lilac filled the air as Vera turned.into the lodge ;garden.; She crept noiselessly upstairs. f3ne fopened her window and looked out; she could 'see the white lines of headstones and of tombs. ' "Oh," she thought, " did thoy ever know i those . poor- things, - the ? dead-^that .^there are Jplaces where people do nothing but laugh and Ssing and are always happy ?" - { : .. T ' iY- ";'.V.:rV;s" v ; Miss Nina Cazalet .sat in her Toon* under the ;;bSradsof 'a dresss^.''Asbrie1 who : entirely irealised liciw'fliuch the attractions of a-woman 'are Assisted; and heightened by art," she gene rally. took the keenest interest in: every detail [of., her." stage toilette; This evening: she was "passive and;silenki; .This ,.queen ;pf. joy,: at, ?whose'pfesence the clouds o£ care rolled.batck, iwas heissdf."gloomy/ rA^,sense of rimpending' misfortune hung oyer-her. She .helC.in her. ihand aletter whicK she had read twenty times,. >nd each time with a heavy sigh;; It was from ?her.'Jover.." Choose," - it..said, .almost in so" many plain words, "choose ^tweeri youi*! ;lover ?md your profession.; Give up thb ;stage lor give up the lover.".., A dreadful-altranatiye. .She would have been happy with both, but with one only of the two she would be wretched. How could she give tip her lover ? how could she give up her art? "Choose," said her lover; "I will await your choice." pSomething dreadful is going to happen," she said to her dresser. 'fLast night I. had terribledreams. I've had this letter for. three days, and every time I try to answer it . I am held back; I cannot answer it. A. cruel letter! Wha* has Boade Mm \mte it.?' V Don't think abbutit till, the piece is over." " No-not .till. the piece is over." Nina sat upright and nerved herself. "I'vehadsuoha frightful headache all day long-I-can hardly drag my limbs. But, I shall manage, somehow. Ohshe startednervously, "Who is that knocking at the door?" It was something tied, up in silver paper. Nina tore it off impatiently. "Always the same,'' she said. " jE very Saturday for the last two months. ; Who is Vera, I wonder?" She opened the. note. " Always the same wprds, ,'llbveypu. ;If you will let me love you weai these flowera.?. rTHey jare beautiful flowers. ;Who is Vera ?" She sat up and looked at'the writing., The characters were square and almost childish.. "Mysterious Vera!. I am :haunted by her. ? Well, I "vvill find out who she ;is._ Out of:curiosity I will.wear her flowers to-. night. .'Let her love me ? . Well, there are nob ?many women who want to love me. As for the men-put the flowers here-they are very pretty." ». . - . The toilette was finished. The orchestra flayed the last" bars, the bell rang, -the curtain rose up; the. actress, with- glowing cheeks, 'smiling lips, and bright eyes rail upon the stage while the house rang with cheers., Oh! ?who could hope to be as happy and as careless as this godlike creature ?-she. carried away all who sat in that great house-all, even "the poor dressmaker's drudges in" the gallery were rapt and ravished out of .themselves, and for three short hours lived in a paradise of song and, happiness and merry carelessness. A witcli! a sorceress! , But a white witch, a benevolent kindly witch who used her power for the happiness of the world. When she ap peared upon the stage the "young men "gasped and drew their breath and many changed color, being the victims of love the mocker who fills young- men's. hearts , with the unattainable. And the girls all murmured "Oh," with a long sigh of admiration and of envy. . In the front, row of the pit there sat a young girl. ? She, at ' the sight of Nina, turned first red and then pale. She was quite alone, which is unusual in the pit-or any other part of the house even for older girls.; She rose and asked those behind her kindly to. make room. . She passed out and did not return. It was half-paat 11 when Nina drove home. Slie lived alone, save for her maid and her servants, and had a first floor flat in Victoria street. Her evening's work had been too much for her; she climbed the stair with difficulty, dragging her limbs and leaning on the balus trade; her head reeled; her eyes ached. She opened her door and went into her dining-room. The supper was laid; the lamp burned low ; the windows were wide, open for the warm air of July; the lamps of the street lighted the room. At the open window sat, a figure dressed in white. ; When Nina entered, the figuie rose.- It was a girl; Nina saw that - she was very young and that her eyes .were, beautiful. ' ' ' V . r -.' . ?? ; " My .dear,'-.; she .said surprised, " who are you? And what are you doing inmy room? Unless"-her eyes wandered-"Unles3 you are "a ghost." ;; " I am Vera," said the girl. ;1 /'You are Vera I Who is Vera? - Oh! I remember." .. ; : ' -r- - " You wore my flowers-you will let me love you; Oh!" the girl caught her' hand and kissed it. " You aire so lbvely; you are so happy; I ha,ve never seen any one so happy." Nina reeled and caught the back of a chair. "This is some dream,'yshe said. "I am in a. delirium. I, happy? And with this letter in my pooket? You are come to mock me." . She caught , her burning forehead with , her hands and sank,senseless on; the floor.The fever which had'been hovering about, her all day long seized her in its strong clutch and held her fast, so that for "three long weeks, she knew nothing. . The papers next day announced, with great concern, that Miss Cazalet was taken ill with gome kind of fever. Everybody began to talk about the bad ventilation and the smells of the' theatre. Next day, and for many days after wards, the street was blocked with the carriages of those; who came to enquire after the actress. They drove and they walked ; they left cards or they humbly took an answer and walked away. Most of them brought flowers ; Coveiit Garden was cleared out every morning; the paircel post brought boxes of flowers from all parts of the Country; there .were; flowers enough to furnish the weapons for a carnival. But the recipient of all this sympathy lay tin-, conscious on her bed revealing, to her nurse all the secreta of her heart. .,r Whati the papers did hot know was that by the happiest accident in the world Miss Nina - Cazalet had obtained the services of a nurse; more devoted,; more; watchful, more jealous,; than even the most scientific sister in the most difficult case .of the most dangerous ward. For Vera stayed. ? ? VI. " I don't believe you care a straw what, becomes of Vera," said Aunt Eliza. "What?, She stays away for three weeks and you never so much as ask where she is." "I thought she was with you," replied the head gardener. : j , "Nothing of the kind." : , " Where is she, then V " Staying with an actress. How she got to know her, however sshe came to think of it,, how in the world-but there's no sounding the artfulness of a girl." "An actress?" "Oh, the girl's in good liands, I will say that. An actress I said. 'Tis none other than Miss Nina Cazalet herself.: I've been to the" house; she lives in a most beautiful flat. The furniture is finicking;; but then you can't ex pect actresses to furnish like plain folk. Finicking, but pretty. The girl came out to see me. ? Nina. Cazalet was ill, and Vera is nursing her. She - was very short with me when I wanted to know how she got there; but never mind, some day she'll tell me. Well, now, I asked her what salary she was to. have. - Nothing at all. Then I asked her where she'took her . meals. If she'd lived with the servants I would have carried her off there and then, I would.; : But she doesn't. BO£vr3b, I understands, with v tho; family, treated like them/lia<j what Jtlra .' 6tbWS'have,- diet- unlimited and, -so-far as I rould learn," jwdding'every day. When Nirn. Cnzalet gets better I'shall go and have it out with her. Meantime X think Vera's a lucky girl, and you ought to bq thankful, little as you care." '< ."The girl," said the gardener. is living with the family, and there's pudding every day. Of course a growing girl requires pud- j dine; 'stimulates the'growth, like a little made ,? earth. She's safe and in good hands. In that-' case His eyes went out into space again. :t .. vii. ~ - ..! .The .only, man in all London, not counting those who never go to "West End theatres, .j who did not know that' Nina Cazalet- was ; ill, was the very same young man "who liad-i written that letter. Why had he written it? i Why do young men ever writo cruel letters to young ladies?. Ii is the inexorable pater. When the pater is poor, the young man does what he likes without the formality of asking permission; nor does the pater who ha3 nothing to leave expect to be asked. Both are happy, therefore, and should bless their, poverty. This young man, unfortunately, had a pater who was rich, and, moreover, had afc-. solute power over, his money, which had been . "made." Oh, the ingenuity of man which makes money," securities, snares, bank-note, : gold,- silver, and "bronze out" of nothing1-just' nothing at all. See him in youth-naked, liis hands empty.:, See him again fifty years later,: laden with, the money he has made; What " feat of jugglery, what marvel of . science,, can compare with this transformation, of nothing into everything? ? " My son," said pater the maker, " I hear nothing but good of this girl. I shall not. oppose your marriage, because there is no non sense in your case about marrying beneath you. Yet,: with your prospects, yon might have made a beginning of family connection. I make only.one condition.;", that she :gives tip the stage. ".'I "can't have a'daughter-in-law acting every' night. . I am sure you will acknowledge that. I am reasonable. If you , marry her without, you will be placed in the ignoble condition of one who lives upon his wife's earnings;" Therefore, the young man wrote that letter. , He put it asiindly as h^ could, but he put it; nlainly, -thinking, in his folly, that - he .had / asked a small thing. And he had as yet re ceived ' no answer. . Had he. looked at tlie . papers he would have read; that his. mistress.. was ill v had he gone to the club he would halve heard the news.' But he did neither. . He sat " in his private -room in a' Bond-street -' hotel' waiting for a lettet whichcame not'; he roamed the street, melancholy,-, asking Inmself why he had been such a fool as to expect that such a girl could possibly prefer such, a man as himself iand such a humdrum-life as he had to offer her, to.t tie'-excitement,-of the stage" and tho .practice" W her* art, "Y6ung mien" often" ask ithemselvfes- sueh.tju^stioiiSj.but the .reply is never satisfactory.'r{Why was";I such a fool? 'Echo.- replies* '! Such a iool."; How .could. I Ihsve been such an/ass? ; Another echo " Such; ianass."., ]^o ; it is "never a" satisfactory, reply. , ! yoimjr 4dy; -suy ,wisTies:to' see", you," the - Iwaiter/ntede /this. ' "anrioimcfeiiient. ; -"Won't/ '.send tip her najne,isir." ' . . . , . : " A ycinnglady? ' No name?" l -f'.Qmteijrourig, sir,. . .Child almost. ^ Says-you. must see her." '- .. ' " Well, let hercome.jip.then... ' A girl dressed aUun "white stood in the door way looking curioiisly at him; - Quite a young jgirl, tall and" angular,' long'fair 'hair falling down her back, big blue eyes. .. And she.gazea lupon him standing, there \vfiile~ you might have 'countfed ten.-?/ >: . ^ : " , ;." I am afraid,'1 said the, youth," - that 1; ao , not recoUect^^''V;, . .. . " - ; .. ; 7'Nd, ypu &ye; ne^er'seen me before. . ' "". Why do you look at me so curiously, then t' : I was wondering'as I" came along what, kirid of man you were. Because either ? you must .bo thebest man .that ever lived for her to love you, or it is a great condescension on her Eart, and perhaps a great pity, and shame, and er friends' ought to interfere," she added, , without so mubn as' a comma. - : * "But who are you?"^ |; "I can see from your face that it isn't for ! vour cleverness.that she loves you.", " '. V»rho loves me ?' I ' '" And the letter in my pocket proves that it isn't for your goodness, for only a foolish or a I bad young man could write such a letter." The. young man changed color. Then he threw himself into a chair. " Well," he said, " I suppose you will tell me presently who you are and what you want." _ if A. man wno was not foolish", ana was good when such a lady as Nina " ~ "As Nina 1" : He sprang, to his feet. "You come from Nina?"' -MWhen such a lady condescended to love; Him, would be so much honored that he would, ask for her conditions and not lay down his own.. Oh, to make her happy, who every evening makes hundreds of people happy, and sends them home full of lovely thoughts, ought to W.happiness:enough for any man/. .But. you-oh! you--Jou dare to make conditions. A. great.genius is in love with you, and you order; her to give up her work. You pretend to love her, and you--" . Here Vera's eyes : overflowed, aind her^ voice choked. You come from Nina ? ? Tell me, have you a .message-a letter-from her? Who' are you?" ? ? ' ' - ' v-- ' "My name is Vera, but .you do not know : me. I am staying with Ninai I am never . going to leave her, whatever happens. Never, mind, never." ' '. . > She spoke with great firmness and resolu tion.-: The young man gazed at her bewil- . dered. . - ' ' - "Nina is ill,", she went on. "Nina?. HI?" - ', , ; "She has been ill for three weeks. All the time she has been off her head, and has been talking about you. That is why I have come here." ./-> "Nina? HI?" ' - ( - ."She has come to herself again, and she>has left off talking about you ; that was the first. sign by which we knew ' "Nina? HI?" . " And I've come about that letter of yours. Here it is. I've borrowed it, but I must take iu back." ? "What am I to do?" ' . " Do you want to inalie her get well, or would you rather kill her ? Well, then, sit down and : write her another letter." "What am I to say?" . . "You are to say you withdraw this letter, ?' and that you-are truly sorry and ashamed for writing, it, and that you humbly beg her pardon for insiiltitig :her witt^ such a,, condition, and hope she will forgive you. I wouldn't if I wereNina; but perhaps she "will, because she is a great deal better than all' other women pat-; together." . He sat.down'obediently," his face flushed, Ins . hands trembling. - He" wrote rapidly, covering .' the four pages. ^ . "Theire,?' he said/ " give her that. Tell her , .-tell her if my life would be of any help to her.: I would give her that." . : . ? j Vfera read the letter without asking pemns sion.- 'Since it; concerned Nina's^^ health" and { happiness, why not? ' . . I ? . Thankyou,'-' she said. "It looks as if you . were really, sorry: of course you ought to be. I: daresay she wilt forgive you and let you come . and see her. I win write to you." "No-rno ; I will callV-I will call this after noon. I shall be able to see you at.least." ,, Vera turned to go. ."Stay !" he cried; "you think I have been a brute." : , . "I'do," she replied, with the candor .of an unspoiled soul.' ;.. .. " You don't understand. I have nothmgin the world except my allowance frommy fatniBr, who is rich. I have no profession, and no way of .making money. ' He' allows me to marry Nina only on the condition that she leaves the;, stage. If she does riot, he will disinherit me." "Is that;allasked Vera, the:imworldly. "You would rather .keep the; money than; Nina ? What a lover !" I know not where she | got her experience or theory of love, but this is what she said, with fine contempi in her eyes. - "Again you don't understand. I should, then be in the despicable position of a man. ?who lives upon his wife." : . . "Why? Are you too proud to do some thing ? I would mow the- lawns and sweep up tne leaves rather than do nothing." , "I am not too - proud; I am only- too . ignorant." " Would you like to be an under-gardener ?" asked Vera, thmking of her own possible' patronage. '' . He shook his head. " What can you do ?" "I can do many things, but nothing that I; can make into money.. Ican shoot, I can fish, I can play games, I can ride " . . A nappy thought-nay; an inspiration flashed across, the girl's mind. She had often . seen "a- cavalcade ride along the xuad-a troop! of half a dozen girls with one man, riding. : He was their teatmer. - .. . . "Why don't you become a riding-master? \- "Eh?" ; The young man started. "Why not? I could teach riding. I mil. I cannot live upon Nina's- salary. - Tell'her, child, that her husband must be independent. Tell her that if-sheSian stoop to a riding-master " I will tell her," said Vera. VIII. : ; A fortnight later Nina lay on a couch beside the window. She was.dressed-she was rapidly getting better. People'had left off calling;, there were no more bulletins; the procession of flowers had ceased to encumber the adjacent roads. She was better, and she was going to - take a long summer's rest'at the seaside. At her feet, in a low chair sat Vera, gravely watch ing in case sho'might want anything. " "Child," said Nina, who had been silent; "he came here this morning while you were' out. Nobody could be kinder. He is quite fixed about becoming a riding-master." " " " You laughed again, yesterday afternoon," ! said Vera. I beard you." i " Did' we laugh! You thought I; was never I going to laugh any more. What can I do. for you, Vera? Oh! my dear child, what can I do for you,.who have done bo muchjor me ? You r dragged irie jback mdu the jaws' of;,dfifith; yoa have given inc life'agaui-and my lover again. ' What caivT give yoii.:' . . : ; ''Why,'1 said Vera, "you iirst showed me jwhat happiness means." " r "I will play to you, deal'." She ro3e:aud iwent to the piano. " When I am very, very ;happy--quito happy-I don't want to talk or ?to laugh, but to plr.y soft music. People only laugh and make merry because tliey want to ba . happy. It is a sign. Old people do not laugh because there is no more happiness to be hoped, and happy people''never laugh because they have got all they want. Let me play to you." ; She played for a quarter of an hour, softly. :Then she began to talk while she played. ' "I shall be so happy that laughing and sing ing will become a burden to me. Tney are the prelude, you know, only the prelude--like the overture to the play. That is why, when you first knew me, you were so attracted. You were made to expect something which excited and pleased you.. There is only one kind of happiness in the world, and I have it- thanks to you, Vera, thanks to you." ? She turned her music-stool and held out her inns. " Child! You are nothing but a bag of bones and big blue eyes. That is because you have spent yourself in saving me. Now I shall make you grow fat and strong. Vera--" ; "Well, Nina ?' "You have told ine everything-all about your father and your aunt, who is a dear good soul; but there is one thing yoii have never ;to!d me; where did you get all those beautiful flowers?" ; Vera, shuddered. Three weeks before she would not have shuddered'. i "I took them all," she said, " from the new inade graves." v 