? J'pncji Almanac—"In Brightest Australia' published Tuesday, 15th December, Wai.teh BentIiF.y has been giving Ljhprtaste of his quality by changing from the in "Bob Roy" to the Ikillie Nicol •" M" Hentley displays in his new iinperso T* considerable powers of humour. He gives Srtut "Vh t duantity ciuimlity of stolid quaintness to the part A-! makes it so amusing.' Mr. Alderson has hvin" ltob with much force and effect 'veiling "Rob Roy " was produced for * fcvst'time as it was intended to produce Met" fr.Bentl'^ „,„„„„,„„,„,, ([ John Henuings has painted some new scenery, jj (lie Shakespearian tragedy is Btaged in irtlrtlie same manner as it was in London by . Henry Irving. i •The (iOSDolikbb " having got in a fair fortihl at the Princess' Theatre, is to give way su Saturday night to " Marjorie." Mr. Wii- Jjsiii appears to believe ill the virtue of changing aast fin i as to keep operas booming. Following (this idea he has arranged with Miss Marie s 1 uake her first appearance with the Royal ' F M ''MaHorie " J "" ' ' worst of George Darrell is that he is cunning and upsetting the preconceived S W of us alleged critics by doing the • - th'it he should for our s-ikes not have ^.n^vi™ undone tbow th'iiiD-s which' in K ' L « Z bv fault- ^ ^ I w h ^ ^ ^ l ^ ^ t i c iljow 1 tie nle isure of pitching into George—tad ' not ?—would feel himself quite Justified [ptophesyiiig „„,„ j,..,,,,„ .. tt„„ at the Opera House, would be He u would fancy himself safe in .„ assuming George would get all the fat and the lime- ! I, eioent, of course, the little streaky bit of j and the last expiring flicker of the lime, i»,iuld be allotted to Miss Christine. C. D. Id have all the suffering, and G. D. would «in lights up stron", and dash the various iinsint") the orchestra,against the proscenium, Bout the footlights with them, previous to au Cluistine round the waist and breathing fas he dipped down and brought up that Menial ili'e kept voice all from the limelight nnder his focussed red sashupon te^ trade-mark.— Mirahxlc diclu, and Miss told Christine the shattered Darrell ains 5 not of get villainy any larger that share they were of the ke-howards, fat or the or te, Jijlit „r than something any of to the that other effect. characters, Now, we ?. iKtly confess speaking, that in Mr. Hue Darrell and has Cry" rendered Darrell hirniiid liis has sletely sold wife us. altogether He has not subordinate taken all the to fat, the lie seems to have tackled this drama fir ns an author than as an actor, and the It is that it is, in our opinion, one of the most bblii works that he has produced. * * # * d,vs of miracles are past, and even the of Reformation, if the two religious ideas iassociated, Darrell has Kl'and"lofty tumbling^'witli'Vi^ TnTti Lnt, but he cannot give up that red sash, »ho r esist • .. the ii... temptation 4 to be the .i.„ party ,.. : ...-en been wronged Some dav Georue will a lii jj lireak, and get a blue sash instead ofa JMuid play a character in the piece that is Bmonotonously innocent and so oppressively W, and the ptay will bo a good one. As our An at present is to criticise what Mr. slllias written, and not what he may write, • xaturer age gives him knowledge and will confine ourselves to the best of our '! to " Hue and Cry." * * * J<l«ece is composed of a prologue, an ^and three acts in what may be callod the iwper. The prologue is a cheerful intro- »in EngUnd.wher! George is supposed to tommitted a murder. It would be au ' to til, ill George "play to say that he is -lie always is. It is Charlie Holloway dune the deed. The Melbourne play- 'public, who know Charlie Holloway's voice • /"ily slightly less murderous than George 'U will not require to be reminded that t always is guilty, and that George, in incriminating voice. -J, is always"ii'ino- -'•"is built, or, rather, ho builds his heroes, that way. George gets Reven years' transporla- (ion. and Charlie Holloway taken to drink. The episode " follows alter ten years are supposed to have elapsed. George turns up smiling at the Ulack Spur, looking a .year or two younger than ho did a decade previously. He is married to Jennie Hryee, but with the characteristic franklhole, l o i or , u tries ' . .to . get . out „ of a „ train , whilst , it is in ness of the average Australian he has spared her the trouble of learning (hat he has been a convict, He is mates with George Ireland, who is also married. George I. has to play the part of the stiff 'un in Longs! nil's picture. He goes out and meets with an accident somewhere—falls down a n'otion, or criticises Darroll adversely, or do.. something else of a suicidal nature, and is brought ! n «pon a stretcher. Ho is evidently a goner, oliuau5e because naviug having no properly property lo to leave lie he commends t "' ,u stuffed doll that has been doing duty for his daughter to the care of George Darrell and then, I'' 1 ' 8 g' ves Christine a chance to get off a fi , ' st " 1 ' a t° squeal and finish the "episode." We sleeping sluggishly in the seat behind us, and is snoring loudly down our hack. Still we can admire the posing of George and Christine, the patches on the pants of the old miner who comes to break the news (and doesn't), and the realistic way in which George. Ireland straightens himself out upon the stretcher and gives up the ghost. * * * # After getting in two preliminary r •'••••^j shockers upon m the shape of the prologue and the episode the drama is started seventeen years after the last episode, that 16 twentv-seven years after George has been unjustly transported for the murder. Twenty-seven years of time have writ »<> on George's a, are brow He has grown a big goatee, but otherwise looks quite as young as he did twenty-seven y^rs ago. He has S ot a and a re sfts1 '' ancl the stuffed doll of the episode has grown up to be a young and beautiful woman, whom George and Jennie Bryce fl™ wife) have adopted and Laredas their oL. Th< J y have a hon '' fi^ son > ca,led Rupert, whose chief mission in life and the piece is to glare at the villain, and evince much unnecessary willingness " " to - r that unscrupulous peonage to sc a tu t , the four winds of heaven. This villain is one Mark i r f; ddo , x a ' n f j s chiefly remarkable for weaving the best cLotlws and plotting the worst villainy in the piece. Mark is in love with the seventen-year development of the stuffed doll, w h ° ». Christine in a new character, the P avt whlch she I' la ye<i 111 the episode having beftn conveniently lost by the author in the ^ i V T I T ^ t " 3 of Tom-se^Z-k's p S e d l L , "; .*." ,, -i,. love Christine haughtily rejects. biie loves anothevm>er! he cl.es forth its Mark golden lias indigestion a moitgage and over George all chappy. Darrell's property past present and to com e Mftrk His 13son still evinces a desire (o hit the region - kites with determined Mark Maddox tbat s offal, she but shall, George she must is agin be him. hisn, If and there of course is going lie to waJes be any in pulvento sell "P.Oeorge. sation of villainy, but the George luck himself is struck, will the bo reel the w Chambers l ! icb 1 Geol Stone 'e oi e . " as Crushing ''1 eun . . huntin<| :Machine. — — for suddenly In the next act everybody goes to England to eap inaue_baronet, represented with magnificent ln inanity a " 1 - by Edwin , , Kelly. - . The . chief object of the visit to England appears to be matrimony. Hans i>_. 3 PhilHps, to whom we have not previously referred, 16 ^Lli ™. 1 .! 1^!!, "'?"?. ^"'.l:'^!, 1 "': ^ " """ - ' ™ ---- K oes t1le ^g]'*® 1 ' relaxation of falling in lovo with the mane baronet s daughter, and comes to England Ensrlaud for the express exnress purpose purnobe. Hut the villain also takes advantage of the cheap rates ^ England for the purpose of euchring the worthy and honourable intentions of George D a '' re ' - The inane baronet has very mixed ideas as to the advisability of a nmrriage between his son and the girl of his choice, and his daughter a n , d thp ; ,nan of J her f ll01ce / ,? ot ^ d ° ^ K'' etend t0 folioW ' ,ml ' Mark Maddox denounces George as a convict. " Why do you not deny this terrible charge ? Because, heaven help me,' says George, winkmp: the other eye to the limehght man as a sign that he can let it go hard now because (gurgles ^ ^ l ! lto / c ' l "! r 18 > ( hme Z hghl/uU on)-^ is true! Sensation expressed by the inane baronet and reflecued upon the face and asks ns it Tommy ?1 1 , a li] ie ,, 16 ^l;,;!'/"™ '; 1 1. tl ™".,. !!, n r that " ho " ought """ ' to take advantage of a lapse of another six mouths louthsto to g, out and get a ha ir of the dog that bit •••< him •• at the cricket match. * * * The same extraordinary and unexplained impulse which sent everybody to England in the previous act now sends everybody out to Victoria 'n^he l^tact^ Even ^e inane ^ronet makes one of the party, chiefly for the purpose of living his consent to the eventual marriage of liis children and gazing with very pardonable wonder upon a Chinaman in a dress suit officiating ^ as a onliin lrin^ ri^n.ilnn servant of some kind. Charley Holloway now i" 1 '"^""- ^.v..^...™ and, to enable George to get on to him eventually, , . . , , _ is supposed to have had some amusement at bushmnging with Charlie Holloway. George comes to visit Charlie and Mark Maddox comes and does likewise, George hiding behind the door to hear all about it. Charlie, being presumedly in the horrors from drink, goes writing out a confession of all Mark Maddox seizes it and thinks that the seizure forty blooming duplicates. Mark holds it up aloft, over his head, and George, who lias been breathing hard in (lie background, dashes forward ant) seizes the aforesaid confession. The precious document is not worth the paper that it is written on. but it makes a tnblenu ami lets the limelight man, who has been pretty busy during this scene, light up George's goatee with a grand sunset effect as the scene closes. George having secured the complete proof of his innocence (in the written statement of a confirmed drunkard !!!) takes all his characters six months afterwards to a fern valley. The idea is to mve the scenepainter a show to come in strongly at the finish. Probably, George also thought that a fern valley would he the last place in the w< world that the whole community would go to ( to settle the question or of a wrongiui wrongful conviction, and a: he decided that he would be. original and have his freepardon sent after him to Fernshaw. Anyway, he gets pardoned by the English Government fortlie crime which he did not commit, and the audience the murder, though the stigma of the drama still remains, and all ends happily for the various parties. George looks up at the gallery and pulls up his voice again from below the belt, saj's something and the curtain comes down amidst thunders of applause, the audience having quite forgotten where the application of the title, " Hue and Cry," came in. Darrell in his advertisements frankly asks Mr. an honest verdict upon his play, aS he purposes forar producing it in Loudon next year.' Honestly then, we believe it is the best'iof Mr. Darrell's plays. Whilst there is nothing paralysing]} 1 novel about it it is a cleverly-comW^dland really effective drama of its class The language put in the mouths of the characters has a elicitous give-and-take character about it, and tno situations and pictures are well arranged. The incongruities to which we have, we trust in no unkindly spirit alluded are ?ch as are to be ound m many a drama. On the whole we can heartily congratulate Mr. Darrell upon his " Hue and Cry, although we think he might aihx to the piece a more suitable title. With regard to the acting, we do not think that llnd Ml.s. Da,.rP]] carried off' all the honours. Mr feel inclined to give the first place to Mr. W e eharles ]lolloW!iy, .and the second to Miss Jenuie Brv ce. Mr. Hollo way's rendering of the drunken ne'erdowell who has committed the murder wa8 a capital specimen 0f character "f^L Mr Holloway labours under the disadvantage ot an lnllexiOle voice, out in ail otner resl,ects he completely sunk his identity in the part enacted. Miss Jennie Hryce, as Mrs. Bagot, iclfect, but the characters have not a great interest successful. Her brogue is con- was u,llineutly for the audience, the fact being that Mr. Darrell 6idcrably ' off,'but she put such spirit into her llas vel.y wisely made his piece a composition rendoring that she completely carried her wllicll claims praise as a whole, and does not alldience all0w anv one with character her. Miss to stand Darrell out played in too bold the millei.-s relili f _ M _ wife atl,i ti1(?. miner's daughter . . - ' Da, ' rel with good J 1 liiniself, as the hero,is quieter, more uiodest and more eflechve than we have ,n,,,r seen ),;,„ before. He does not dominate the plfty as in other., of his productions and cou- 6enuently lie helps considerably to the general success Pretty Lillie Bryer makes the suras6 11B 1Jllllt_ ... most — of .* . . . . . . tlle part of the baronet's daughter. It is not much of a part, but Miss Uryer gives to it her \- • • ' ait7 and 'aithough the character is scarccly worthy of so .sterliii;; and tried an actor he gave force and dignity to the one scene in which he appears, chiefly on a stretcher. He is the . ^sode,' and we could have wished that he was more through the piece. Mr. Greenaway got in the heavy and well-dressed villainy in his best lllannel,.and Charlie Drown did the fun of the pieee in the shape of an impossible Clnnaiuan. The play was well put upon the stage and must be counted as a big success. .. „ ]hl,,.» bas Vic.-U running merrily at the Bijou Tbeatre, but Messrs. Brougl. and Bouci- ^ H me.an to keep up with the procession and -n novelties. On Saturday there will be nother " first production " at this theatre. The piece is entitled " The Silver Shield," and is the „-ork of Mr. Sydney Grundy, whose success as a g ™ s^^la^.'^,^ have lnam;,,„;(j to crowd more sensation and paralysing , ° - , - . 1 . . . . *1 mechanical effects into their play than'has'e^ bffl,n crftUimed 'into a phiy before Apparently t])RV f(1(!] u0 remorse, and only turn money away wll'n thcy have n0 more room Th the theatre. Mo]ley d,;e6 not Bm„]l, alld sensational dramatists a.)Bear to elory in their shame. If "This Great Citv" is going to run up to Christinas-which at pregellt looks likely—the lunatic asylums will 4 „ bl! ^ cbn-wd to ^ make room for the 15 . <i . I « .. f_. . aud^oa who ^become imbecile throngV." attend^ upon , , , r , , ,. M».. Joei BillW. l'al^e of Amusement, the Victoria Hall, was on • Saturday night again ci.iwd.d to overflowing The Andersons and the Mailers, Whitburn, Walsh, Dave Gardner and Mr. , „ , ,T " The i iiu stream Congress second part of IS and ations a Wlutburnian comedy brought proceedings to a fitting termination. The management are making special preparations for the approaching Christmas. "This box-plan is now open" at the 'Vaiely Music Hall, that is to say (hat the festive Frani; M.''lark has now a plan of winding up his she by a boxing contest, the " l'urfessors" of (he, Manly Art at present engaged being the redoubtable 'Williams, who is merely willing in at the Gaiety cm route to England, fame and (it is to be hoped) fortune. In addition to the above the usual concert and variety entertainment is given. Mit. Phil Stuart's establishment, the Waxworks, is largely patronised day and night, and the excellent performances of Messrs. Vousden and Davies ;iro highly appreciated by onlookers. A pa it from this and the. Waxworks exhibition, Professor Woodroffe and his works of art and marvellous steam-engine city are not the least attractive items of one of the best shows in the city. 