The Ghost. About the ryear 1850 I was on one of our Enilish :India ships bound from Boston to Calcutta. We arrived off the Cape of Good Hope with fair weather to that point, bu every one was on the lookout now for a blow from some quarter. The pervious evening one of the lookouts during the midwatch had insisted he had ceon the ZlDying Dutchman, and every one knows that when that is the ease a blow or bad weather in some shape is sure to come. And come it did with a vengeance, for the very next night the wind died down to a calm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end first: Six of the old tars: went tumbling up the weather main rigging, and were.urged on by the gruff voice of thesecond mate, a thorough old sea?-dog, who sabc oiit, "'Come; e bear a hand" there, ?you lubbers,' and get' on deck' again I" And ont deck they were agalnsooner than he or the men expected; for just as they showed their heads over the " top' a deep septilchral vole'?called oit; "Blows bard, Jack I" They were staggered, aid for an in stanthesitated, when again the'fearful voice repeated, ý" Blows hard, Jack " : That was enough ;.their superstitious fears': overcame them, and they did not stop till the deck was reached. ''''" '.,By this time the Captain and mate were on: deck, and were: astonished to see six of the best men on the ship come tumbling down, lthile the main-top-galtantsail and royal were sllafting'inthebuntlines as thoutgh they would blow away at every fl:p. " What's" the matter? ,Why didn't you furl those sails '" said the .Captain. M ' tter'enough," said sn old salt. "You doi't getl tie in that maih-top to-night. I wouldn't give muchi for anyone who goes up, either, for Inot'only.sawv.ihe ghost, or what. ever it is,' but heard hiin'talk." This was too much for the old skipper. The idda of losingall his sails because there was i ghost in the main-top was too much for him, so he called for volunteers, and.started up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Not another man would go. Those who had been up 'had seen 'and hbeard enough, and those who hadn't did not care to risk it. 'Well, the old skipperand his mates fared no better than the men, for hardly had their heads reached over the "top rim " than, in the saime awful, blood-curdling tones; came to their ears the wrds.s,' Illows bard, Jack I" and there, right-in the "dublins" .of the mast, the, Captain caight sight of two glar ing eyes, cind a long white arm reached down as if to clutch him, and down they all seam pered to the deck s fast as their legs would take them. .. About daylight the steward discovered that a jeet parrot belonging to the skipper had es r'aped froin his cage, and was gone, probably blown overboard and lost in the gale.: lolly had, however, by hard work, managed to alight in the main-top, where she had stowed herself in the " dublins" of the inast, anl was hliolding on for dear life until she was rescued in the morning. CThe main-top-gallant studding.sail was lashed in the weather top-mast rigging, and the clew had blown adrift, and happened to flop d: own" at theo Captain as he went over ,the 'top'" in the black darkness, and so was easilyi. nianified into a ghostly arm, and Polly into thlie' frightful ghost. 