AMUSEMENTS. THEATRK ROYAL.. There was another good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening when "Shamus O'Brien" was successfully repeated, and will be presented for the last time this evening. On "Thursday and Friday the dramatisation of - "His Natural Life" will be staged, and on Saturday "The Miner's "Right." ' - ALBERT HALT,. The production of the latest work of the Norwegian dramatist Henrik Ibsen for the first time in Australia attracted a large audience to -the Albert Hall, curious doubtless to see what new sensation the author of "A Doll's House" had to present. The story of " Hedda Gabler" bears the. same stamp of individuality, the satne freedom of, expression, and presents the same grim reflex of life of Ibsen's other creations; Hedda, like Nora, is a diffi cult character to analyse. In her youth She has talked upon prohibited subjects - with men, and in one instance at least "'has received attentions which-were compromising. Married to a man she cares nothing for" she soon tires of her humdrum existence and returns from' her wedding trip utterly wearied and dissatisfied with life. Her husband'"has been engaged during their six months' honeymoon in hunting up authorities for a book he is writing on the domestic indus tries of Brabant during the middle ages, and has enlivened the journey by talking everlast ingly of this history of civilisation. Theyoung bride who bould standi this sorb of thing on her honeymoon without feeling tired would be^morevthan human. The happy pair, to use a conventional. term, return to a house which liasbeeri purchased and furnished solely on the prospect of George Tesman, the literary husband," securing a vacant professorship, on which security also the funds have been borrowed" for their joumeyings: abroad. A visio from an old . schoolmate of Hedda's follows on their returfc' ' Mis. Elvsted has left' her husband's' homei for. love of an eccentric genius, by name Ejlert'Lovborg, over whom she has exercised1 -W BSlutaiy' influence; raising him from the mire of profligacy into which another woman's inefinstanoy had forced hijxu Hedda Gabler longs to control the destinies and rule"; 'the; fate of some human being, and she it was to whom Ejlert Lovborg owed his'fall, and the thought that his return to power is> owing to another woman fills her with a malignant and thirst for revenge that is positively diabolical . With subtle question ing she wrings the truth from her old school mate, with maJicious cunning she forces her old love< back into the- intemperate life from which he has escaped, and when after a baccha nalian ogjieshe receives from her husband the manuscript of a book which is to make the name of . Lovborg famous, arid which in a moment *bf helpless intoxication he has lost, she finds" the rneanB for her revenge ready to her hand. Lovborg ? distracted by his loss, and maddened -by his relapse into his-foimer evJ! ways "confides to Hedda his intention of making an end-, of himself, and she withfiendish tranquillity hands him one of her own1 pistols arid "requests that it shall be done bmutifuUy. On hearagiaftervrards of his deathFshe exclaims. " What; a relief this is." A relief to1 know that-it is still possible for an act of voluntary coinage to take place in this world. "Something over which. there fallsa flimmeriof unintentional' beauty." This is er comment on Lovborg's : suicide when she fancies he has retired to; his own chamber arid shot -hiiriself through, the' breast, 'but when she discovers that the " deed was done in the boudoir of a certain Miss Diana, a red-haired music-h all .singer, .and that the. ball took effect ihlhis stomach,"ihe views the situation with ; disgust, and exclaims, "Oh! what acurse of ridicule"and of vulgarity" hangs oyer everything that I merely touoh.' finally firidirig tnat Judge Brack,"a frierid of the family aria her would-be'lover, kriows.that she; presented' .the pistol to Lovborg, which wrougi t\hisruinand intends iisingthat know ledge forj his.ojyri ends,[she retires' for amoment from thetamily parby, arid with a farewell taunt to the estimable- judge; seizes' the companion pistol to'that whioh sne presented to Lovborg, fires,.and fallsr. dead shot through the temple. Into the "character of Hedda Gabler Miss Janet Aehureh' infused. a weird .arid terrible per-; sonaH^,-th'erinflinching cruelty of her revenge, revolting is it Was," was depicted with a subtle-., ness ancr^pjiresSedforce that Made a marked impression on her audience. This drama, has little in* it "to enlighten the prevailing sombre ness of ite'^ubject, the interest, is gradually worked iap Tiritil the" Conclusion" of. the thira act, where it colminates in the dismissal of Lov borg anti the burning of the precious manu script. In ".this scene Miss Achurch was at her nest," Her. facial expression as leaf by leaf she desQrqy^ , the life work of her old lover, was hombly realistic, while in the final scene where, trapped by the judge, she prefers death to being subject to his desire and will, her acting was exceptionally powerful Mi. Charrington, as *the erring genius,EEjlert Lovborg' had less to do than usual, but acted with considerable force when necessary, and gave on the whole a highly creditable reading of-thep&rt..; Mr. .Herbert Memming was well cast as; George Tesman, a young ma,n of. letters, arid the husband of Hedda. Through out his' acting was natural and effective, and he 'added ariother .proof of his. ackriow-. ledged yersatility> in his creation of this character. . ToMiss Alice May was entrusted therimpersoriation of Lovborg's good genius, ancrit is; only fair to say that she fully merited the confidence placed in Her, arid as, Mrs* Elvsted; ?^ pleasing and artistic. \ Judge Braok wia played by m Harry Power, who is evidfently suffering from a cold; his incessant coughing though of course, un avoidable being peculiarly irritating and ' detracting from , an otherwise meritorious performance. Mrs. Bolton as Teaman's maiden aunt earned out her duties conscientiously, and Miss Laura Stanley glayed a. Rma.11 part well The pieces considering the limited ac commodation'at nand,was mounted well, and ran smoothly from start to finish. His Excel lency the Governor and suite were preserit, arid the viceregal patronage has also been extended to this evening's performance, when Ibsen Will be set aside aria the favorite comedy drama "Still waters run deep" will be presented. The occasion will be for the beriefit of Mr. Herbert !Flemmitg, whose frequent appearances in this city in 4 variety of characters, has established him as a firm favorite with the theatre-going public, arid'^s jbhis is his last appeararice in Adelaide previous to his departure for. England it is hoped that a bumper, house will be ac corded him., . ' ^ "THE MIKADO." nThe Mikado" was repeated at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Tuesday evening by the Lycms's Amateur Opera Company, before a very fair- audiences Mr. W. Gunn took the place of Mi-. W S. Welbourn as The Mikado, and MiSs White acted as Peep-Bo in place of -Miss Robertson. Mr. Harry Trevorrah bril liaritly 'sustained the character of Ko-Ko. All the 'characters played their parts well. THE FASTING MAN. Felix Tanner is now'on the 29 th day of his 40 days and nights'fast, and is rapidly losing ^.weight. ;. His receptions are now becoming more numerously attended. CONCERT ATTHE PARKBIDE ASYLUM. . On Tuesday evening the members of the King "M^illiam-road Literary Society, assisted by friends, gave a concert to the inmates of the Par Ibid e Lunatic Asylum. Misses Bragg and Brtiad rendered the overture, after which Mr. B. Hack recited "The inventor'swife,"Miss Rowe gave a song in a finished style, and Mr. 'Winwood rendered the comic song, "English, you know." A duet followed by the Misses Bragg arid Parkes, Mr. W. Rhodes bringing the first'partto a close by singing ''Fiddle and I." After;the interval, during which refresh-, ments were handed round, Mr. Winwood sang "You're a lucky man," Misses Bragg and Broad gave the duet, "To the woods," and. Miss Marshall sang "Way down the Swanee Rivc-r." Mr. Winwood then gave a short sketch ending with."Killaloe," and Mr. Leak . gained an imperative encore for his rendering of "The anchor's weighed," and in response saner "Mary of, Argyle." Mr. Fischer sang "Goodcompany,''and Mr. Hack recited "In the death pit.' Another comic - song- from Mr. Winwood, and the solo "Nora O'Neil," from Mis3 Marshall, closed the programme. ENTERTAINMENT AT HINDNARSH. On Tuesday evening ah entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Hindmarsh, in con nection with the local Young Men's Society. In the first part Miss Williams gave a piano forte selection, and Mr. A. E. P. West a recitation, and; songs _ were contributed by Messrs.: A.'Vardon, Dixon, F. Vardon, and Mrs. E. C. Vardon. In the "second part the fairy operetta "Cinderella" was performed. The principal characters were well represented by Misses Bednell, Brown, Hogarth, Wad ham, Carroll, K. Fiveash, B. Mellor, G. Five ash, Mrs., Carroll, Messrs. A- Vardon, E. Bednal,- J. Mellor, A. O. Thomas, and Mellor., Mrs., Carroll was the director, and Mrs. P, Rowell pianist. There was a good attendance. .. MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. ' , This .entertainment still seems to . be an attraction in Hindley-street, being now in its sixth week. = ? * In consequence of the Masonic ball, which is to be held'at the Town Hall- on Friday even ing, the mayoress has postponed her reception until Monday. 