Echoes of the Week. II GEORGE AUGUSTUS SAL!. ail otbbnblaihj bights iibskbvxd. - No. X. The world— always a mad world, my masters ! —has gone madder than -ever over oongressoB. Figaro qui Figaro qua 1 There aro oongrosaoa here, there, and everywhere. JHygioniets and demographers, Orientalists mud dentists, teaohers and oleotrloians, trades -unionist) and bl-metaliists. Tho ory is, Skill they oome. But there most surely bo another -congress sitting whose operatione are stoalthy, whose plaoo of meeting Is unknown, but whose " transac tions " Bomehow or other contrive to get on the telegraph wires to oonvulse English stook ex- onangea and continental bourses, end generally to right tho civilised world from its propriety. Echo has kindly whispered to mo the names of some of tho membors of this mysteriously men dacious oongresa— or perhaps it would be bettor to call it a syndioate. « Don Fernanda Mondez Pinto, the Baron von Munohnusen, M. de Grao, the Ruv. Titus Oates, D.D., Major Goliath Gahagan, late EE I.O 8 , Mr. Darby O'Ronrke (ho told, yon will remember, that story about an oagle), and Oolone) Ananias Grammar, F.U.S.A. — these seem to bo a low of the manufaotnrera of bogus news who have been soaring ns this week with oatarda of the ooonpation of the islot of Sigri, nigh Mitylene, by the bine jaoketa and marines, who were bdid to have landed oannons, hoisted tho British flag on Turkish t.rritory, fortified themselves with torpedoes, and generally " raised Gain and br. ken things " in oastern waters. « « » Is the ghaBtly tale oabled front Now York about the earthquake in Salvador an equally bogus affair P Tho president of that remote re public, telegraphing to the mercantile oorro- spondent in London relative to tho safety of a family at Gomasagua — when you go to Ooma- sagaa always ask for olla oon frigoles at the posadoof "Los Troa Lidroaos ; " it is muoh better than tho pnohero oon garbanzos at the Vcnta "de la Mala Gente" — says that the family inquired after aro qnite safe and that no mistortnneB at all have ooonrred' in the oonntry. Bat how about the oities whioh ao- oording to the New York cablegram had been " wiped oat?" Has thore barn an earthquake at all at San Salvador ? Dr. Johnson, we all know, obstinately refused to believe in the earthquake at Lisbon in 1755. How many signs and portents would the groat lexioo- graphor deoline to oredit nowadays P The Amerioana pride themselves on not being a superstitious people ; but there is one sug gestion whioh thoy have fondly oherished for nearly two aentnries, and that is, that some where on the north-east oonat of the Atlantio, between Long Island and Halifax, there exist immense, treasures of bnllion, plate, and i'owels, buried there in the days of oar Wil- lam III. by Oaptain Kyd, or Kidd, the pirate whom we had the advantage of hanging and gibboting at Execution Dock. A band of treasare- Beekers oompossd mainly of poor fisher men left Halifax reoontly to search for the Kyd or Kidd booty, whioh is now said to be seoreted on Oak Island, Ohoster Bay, Nova Sootia. " Oaptain Merritt, of the Merritt "Wrecking Company, " of New York, is said to ho interested in the venture. Good luoh have thou with thy wreohage, gallant Oapting 1 « Nigh 20 years since, Washington Irving in "Wolfert Webber" made sport of the Kyd treasuro-deluBioh. Bat nothing is harder to kill than a superstition, espooially if it be baokod by the inBtinot of onpidity. » » The "Slavery of Drink" jabber has at longth been silenced ; bat in the organ of Printing House Square the unprofitable wrangle abont tho hanging of murderers still oontinnes. Now and again the gruesome oorrespondenoe is on- livened by a jocular old "ohestnut" about judicial strangulation ; and this brings to my mind the very aarioas faot that the old English jest-books positively teem with droll stories abont the gallows and its viitims. 1 am sore that I could relate 60 hanging anecdotes with out hook were I put to tho test. » Here is one whioh may or may not be in Joe Miller, bat whioh has always struok me as being an exceedingly keen example of double- edged wit. A culprit going to Tyburn is met, when the oart halts at St. Giles', by his wife, who thus addresses him, " My dear, I've bronght yon a nioe new twopenny rope to be hanged in. I could not bear the thought o( yonr suffering in a common oounty oord." " Thank you, my love," replies Benediot, "I would rather not. Keep it for yonr next husband." I hope that I am, on the whole, a peaoeable "parly ' ; averse iroiii giving or taking offence ; still I very muoh fear that ere long the esteemed musioal critio of this jonrnal will begin to thirst for my bcomal fluid, heoanse I am repeatedly, although involnntarily, poaoh- lng on his manor. It is not my fault. My correspondents inolnde a largo number of votaries of St. Oeoilia, and they persist in pro pounding musioal nuts for mo to oraok — if I can. Here, for example, is " F.J." (Buxton), who is anxious to know " why the beantifnl and evergreen ballad, 'Kathleen Mavonrnern,' is invatiably sung by a lady, although it mnst bo patent to everybody, by the words, that it was written for a male vooalistP" and why, again, " F.G." wants to know, is " Dermot Asthore," the answer to "Kathleen," never heard now-a-dayaP Some years ago the Times favoured its readers with the astounding Information that there were 1,000,000 oonviots in England. In reality the number of broad-arrowed P.B.'s at the period in question was about 10,000, bat we have had lately some entirely trustworthy yet not the Ibbs amazing statlstios of felony. The nnmber of persons at present in penal servitude doeB not muoh exceed 6,000, boing half the nnmber who were "doing time" ten years ago ; and no lesB than eight oonviot prisons aro Bhnt np. To me tho statement is simply be wildering—pleasantly eo, bat still utterly per plexing. Men are murdering their wives, their ohil- dren, and thomsclves right and left. The " Slavery of Drink " oorrespondenoe shows no signs of abatement of national drunkenness ; the revenue from the duties on intoxioatlng liquors is steadily inoresslng ; there id a largely en hanced consumption oftobaooo ; and "General" Booth tells ns that one-tenth cf the population aro submerged in destitution, vioe, and orlme. Oan it be tho spread of education that has half emptiod our bagncs and oaehierod60 per oent of the blaok army of oonviots P Alas 1 the aug mentation of knowledge oan have little to do with the apparent improvement in the national morals ; for I loam that the esteemed secretary of a groat moralistic organisation has lately as sorted that most of the literature of the day throughout tho world is of a "distinotly evil tendenoy." Here is a tit-hit for Latlnists. A fair cor respondent of an evening oontomporary, com plaining of the selfish and nnseemly praotioe— it is both— of men puffing tobaooc smoke in the faces of ladies ooenpying the garden seats of omnibuses opmplain that thoy do so semper ubiqus et coram omnibus. Thus a " so-called free English woman ; " bnt is coram omnibus elegant LatinltyP If it moons "all tho pas sengers on tho 'bus," well and good ; if it means the vohlolo itself It Is had. Yon remember tho controversy abont Doan Stanley's coram sepulchro. Mem.: Did not Lord Beaoens- field onoe call a hearse mors omnibus I » Mr. Montagu Williams, Q.O., may ho re minded that the mills of the gods, whioh sre proverbially said to rotate so slowly, occa sionally move oxooedlng fast. Tho worthy magistrate is vory fond of girding at the Israelites who oome before him; but swiftly Nemesis has been on his troolr, and the Tribes sire revenged. Isaao Laquedem was the Wandering Jew; bnt for many dolorous months has Mr. Montagu Williams been doomed to be the Wandering Beak. Marehs toujours ! has been the stem ordinance of the Home Offloe, or of the other oonstitnted authorities! and 'from oourt to ooutt, 44 all over the shop" In a metropolitan aonao, has the mnoh-snfferUg magistrate boon oonatrainod to stray, and simply for tho reason that wo havo net a sufflolont numbor of stipendiaries in the metropolis to do jnstioe botwoou four millions ana a- half of people. At length the porlpatetlo polioo-magiBtrato seems to have found rest ior tho solos of hit feet at Marylebono, to which oonrt ho has boon transferred In suoaoeslon to the late Mr. Fart- ridge. Who was the mythologioal gentleman who sat so long on the rook till ho grew to itP I havo loft my Lampriore in London. Stay, it was ThosnB. Lot Mr. Williams omnlato that horo and defy the efforts of Heronles to tear him from tho rook of Marylebono. Mr. Beerbobm Troo has been somewhat un kindly bantered on his new " arrangemont " of "Hamlet." He makes the royal Dane dio " amid the sweet singing of an angelio ohoir, among which Uph'olia is supposed to be present." The eminent aotor may plead a notable preoedent for making a fihakesperian tragedy oonolude with a ohorus. About 40 yeorB ego there was at the Theatre Royal. Glasgow, a well known aotor-manager named Alexander, one of whose artioles of dramatio faith was that every dramatio performance, were it tragedy, comedy, melodrama, or faroo, should oonolude with a song. And ho sang himself, too. Ono of Mr. Alexander's favourite parts was Maoboth, in whioh, after he had been duly slain by Macduff, the Three Witches, with Hocate and an "angelio ohoir" of yonug ladies in white mnslin and with their baok hair down, camo on and sang a ohorus with the burden, 11 Tho tyrant Is no more 1" Maoboth, prostrato on tho stage, aoted as bngleman. One evening an irreverent spirit in tho gallery nailed out, " Alook I ye mauna sing ; ye'ro deed mon." To whioh the still reonmbent aotor- manBgor, stroking his ohln with his hand, aswashis wont-, retorted, "I'll bo alter yon, yonng gentleman, dirootly with a stick." So lot Mr. Beerbohm 'l'rco kocp a tight heart. The play of " Hamlet " is, to my mind, snsooptible to still farther developments. The Ghost does not do enough for his money. He oaght to ap- . pear at the denouement and danoo. I am right glad to have added last week a saving olanso to tho ooho tonohing the bill passed by the Lower Chamber of tho New Zealand Legislature rendering women eligible to serve as members of Parliament. Some of the London papers have alroady begun to gosh on tho new departure whioh, it was hastily as sumed, had been made; bnt as I auBpootod tho bill has boen thrown out by the Legislative Council. I mind the Now Zealand legislature well. They ontertained me royally at "Bel lamy's "—Sir William Fitzhorbert In the obuir —at the Farliamentary Bnildlngs, Wellington, in 1885. I remomber that Sir Julius Vogel made a right good Bpeeoh on the oocasion. I onoe harboured some thoughts of writing a book about my wanderings in Australia and New Zealand, wanderings oxtending int > tho remotest " baok blooks" of tho bash in ell those magnificent dependencies, with tho exooption of Western Australia. Bnt a hitter domestic Borrow whioh overtook me on the ore of leaving Australia for India mado me lose heart ; and for four long weary years I held the antipodes in horror. I oan road abont those wonderful regions now, and perhaps shall gather np, some day, the soattered fragments of the " Land of the Golden Fleeoo." Meanwhilo, I scarcely think that oar brethren under the Southern Gross will be " over and above" pleased with a very olever artiolo entitled "Sooial Life in Australia" in tho current number of the "Fortnightly." Mel bourne may fail to appreoiate the summing np of her theological life as a kind of paganism qualified by "raw Freshyterianism while, as for Sydney, the Mother Oity of Anatralia may bitterly resent the oontemptaoaB tone in whioh the writer speaks of the " low- lying quarter of Wooltoomooloo." As Iknewit, Woolloomooloo was a quarter fall of trim little villas, in one o( whioh dwelt my very good friend the Hon. Daniel O'Connor, Borne time Postmaster- General of the oolony of New South Wales. Mr. O'Connor wsb, by profession, a butohor. « « Touching the Norman substitution of "veau," whence "veal" (as 1 thought), foroalves flesh a learned authority on pbi.ology, ' G.L (Langham Hotel) tells mo that there is a twelfth cenlnry Norman word " veel" from whioh, and not from "veau" our English "voal" is de rived. True, oh 1 King of Fhilologers ; and wheri, may I ask, will "Hans Breitmann" givo another " barty P" Still, oddly enough, I find in the diotionarieB that "veel" is an old English word, and " veil" an old Soottish one; and that in old Frenoh, besides "veel" there is " vedel " and viel." All these variants are obviously from the Latin "vltellos" diminutive of " vitulue but here the lexicographers are at odds. The "Imporial Dictionary (Anna- dale and QgUvie) traces 44 vitulos" from the root of the Latin " vetns," old, and the Greek "(v)etos," a year; but a learned Frenoh grammarian avers that " vitulue" oomo3 from the Qreek " italos," an ox : whence " Italy." The merriest of all studies is word-hnnting. If an outsider ventures to make any inquiries into the origin of a word, the philologioat " proa." revile him in " Notes and Queries," or he is pelted with anonymous postoards darkly insinuating that he broke the Portland vase, stole the Gainsborongh "Duohoss of -utuww.b, " " - m.uuwuuu. I gather from the communication of "Ker- riensis" (Howdon, Yorkshire) that the " Shan Van Vooht" will bo found in " Songs of Ire land," edited by Miohael Joseph Barry (Dublin, 1869), and in "Irieh Minstrelsy," edited by Hnlliday Sparling—" Oanterbnry Poets" (London, 1889). By the way, I notoln an old edition of "The Begga-a' Opera," given many years ago to my mother by dear old Mrs. Keeley, that some of the most tnnefnl melodies in the "B.O." are desoribed as Irish ones. The "New Journalism" tells ns a strange thing. I read that a few days sinoe a large Baptist plaoe of worship at Liverpool was opened in whioh there ia a " novelty " in tho arrangement of an " underground ladles' dressing-room," suitably fitted np in oharge of a female attendant, where ladies may leave mackintoshes, oloaks, &o.; It strikes me that, aB a baptistry is an indispensable complement to a Baptist ohspol, thore is nothing very wonderful in a dressing-room being provided for the oomfort of ladies after immersion ; and in oold weather a blazing fire in the dressing- room grate would be a sensible addition to the "arrangements," to say nothing to a tumbler of hot elder wine and water. Truth is a great deal stranger than fiotlon , bnt it is startling to find tho grotesquely imagi nary followed and seemingly imitated by the terribly real. The members of a Frenoh family, six in nnmber, lately oommittod suloldo by banging themselves. The father "showed the way," and the oarnlval of self-slaughter was oomploted by tho eldest eon, aged 28, and his iBter, a girl of 18. Now what Is this harrow ing story bnt a roalistio parallel of tho ballad of " A Norriblo Tale," wnten bv tho late E. L. Blanohard for Mr. J. L. Toole P The first mention of snioldal mania in Mr. Blanohard's poem was of " The brother a moat determined, feller" who " stranglod hissolf with a gingham umbroller." The Parisian tragedy, it is true, omits one of tho poet's most oonspiouous oharaoters— Tho fly on tho coiling : hie enso was tho wast 'un ; He blew hisself up with spontaneous combustion. Ono of tho most awful oonfesslons that has lately been - revealed is that jnst made by Mr. G.B.Sims in the FUferes. Tho distinguished writer of "Mustard and Oresa" has not, It is gratifying to know, ownod to having oommittod -the hlthorto undiscovered orime of "ohoklng -the hoy with the diiff, and ra mining it down with a mopstiek." Bnt ho ploirtfgullty to a far heavier lmpoaohmsnt than thil foregoing. His turpitude almoBt equals fnat of tho hardened orfmlnal who "ate puppy- pie nnder Marlow Bridge." "Dagonot," whom we all admire and like so, rnefnlljr oonfossos that he Is irretrievably Intemperate in the way of tsrts and tea! He oannot pais apastryoeok's shop without ousting wolflBh oyos on the "twopenny jsms" within; and his oonstant- ory to his parlourmaid is "Polly, put tho kotilo on," with a view to more ana more tea. . , ' a o Well, Voltalro's thirst for ooffeo was insati- ablo, and ho lived to a good— or bad p— old age. Charles the Fifth oontinually hankered alter pioklod partridges, wushod down by alternate draughts of Rhine wino and faro beer. Yet do I venture to think that Mr. Sims might oare himself of tart- and-toa intomporanoo if ho would fellow my humble advice. He is wenlthy. His volition is strong. Lot him opon a pastryoook'B shop nnd sorvo bohlud tho oountor himself. I will warrant that, ore a month has passed, ho will oaro nanght for tartH ; nay, or for jam puffe, bath buns, " oylindrios," sansage- rolls, minoo-pios, or tho goologlnal preparation known ue Sootoh-bun. As for the tea- trouble, I shall bo most happy to lend him old Dr. Salmon's "Family Dictionary," _ pub lished in tho roign of Qnoon Anno, wherein he will find that a deoootion of sloe, leaves is a far oheapor, wholesomer, moro refreshing, and more " aromatio" beverage than Souohong or Bohea I should like to see Mr. G. R. Sims aftor a courso of sloo-leavoB. Tho aooomplisbcd Canrn Harford, preacher, poet, eoulptor, painter, and mnstoian, and one of dear Gnetave Doro's most trusted English friends, is the seoretary of tho nowly estab lished guild of St. Oeoilia whioh soeks to pro mote tho restoration to health of invalids by means of playing and singing to them. A ro- hcaieal of the ohoir baa already takon plaoo at tho Westminister Pataoo Ho'ol. I should like to know what that oxoeptionally sonaiblo pliysioian, Dr. Mortimer Grunvillo, has to say to the St. Oeoilia Guild projoot. I do not liko to ",ohafi" it bcoanso I hold it to bo absolutely wicked to deride any proposal olearly mado in good faith, and the purpose of whioh is to diminish tho dreadful sum of human pain and suffering. Speaking solely from my own exparienoe, which, in the way of agony, haB been consider able, I should say .that mnsio for oonvalosoents and for very aged and bod-ridden people may he tolerable, bnt that when yo.n aro aotnally Buffering from illness any kind of mnsio, vooal or instrumental, is less caloulatod to Booths than to driyo yon raving mad. 