THE RACE OF JINDOO BARRIE* As a continuation of Mr. Meston's article on Bribie Island, the Queenslander of last week has the following lines : — Through vistas dim of vanished years, With unrecorded sighs and tears, Thy voice the mournful listener hears, — Dark Jindoobarrie ! A faint sad voice from days of yore, An echo from the lonely shore Where stalks thy stately forms no more, Caroomba Jindoobarrie ! The days when you were wild and free, And slept beneath the Doorah tree On sand dunes by the sounding sea, Bandarra Jindoobarrie ! And now! Oh Fate's remorseless doom, Lone Beerwah rises through the gloom, And calls in vain above thy tomb, "Inta wanya, Jindoobarrie ?" Round where the Cape in ocean dips, Sailed Flinders in his white-winged ships, The Heralds of your death eclipse, Oh Jindoobarrie ! And what the deeds, and whose the blame, When pale-faced "Carooinggi" came With club of steel and spear of flame? Yalba ! Jindoobarrie! But vengeance came in after years, Each murdered stranger's ghost appears Transfixed by dim and shadowy spears, — Warrang Jindoobarrie 1! What reck they now, those deeds of yore ? No more the stranger's blood, no more Thine own shall stain thy native shore, Wild Jindoobarrie ! Silent the songs when hearts were light, Gone are the dance, the hunt, the fight. In darkness of eternal night. Lost Jindoobarrie ! In vain the voice of Beerwah calls From terraced cliffs and waterfalls, Hark ! Echo from the caverned walls, — "Wanya Jindoobarrie ?" Lost in the never ending gloom, And on thy lonely unknown tomb Stern Fate records the words of doom, — "Dead is the race of Jindoobarrie !" A. Meston. Brisbane. * Bribie Island was inhabited by a powerful tribe called "Jindoobarrie," a graceful, athletic, and warlike race. In 1840 they were numbered at 600 to 1000 ; and to-day there it not a soul left on the island. Caroomba — great, mighty. Doorah tree— camping tree. Bandarra -strong. Inta wanya— where are you? Carooinggi — strangers. Yalba — Speak ! Warrang — bad, fierce. Wanya - where ? 