Ix waa jost ; tho moment, a good, ^clay's sport, whoa lifo seems to r$ «ch its ...'climaj. Dinner was over,, trot thu ladies jtill lingorod over their grapes, and . picked about among the preserved' fruits ' At such a moment, under the shaded light of .hanging hmps and candles, bright ? eyes shine tho brightest,' and the. dullest wit ia quickened into a longing to. say some thing neat. And ac such a moment, ' BB jou stretch your logs under your host's table, and: . afce your first sip of your host's : vintatro port-,- you feel 4 To-day T .have \- lived, Nothing can hurt mo now. I.have dined.' ,-. We were all in excellent spirits. The : ; frost had definitely:, broken, and there was hunting to bo had fire days every week within ensy distance, . Harley Hall" /WaB an ideal country hoiiBO, built góod¿ . 'ness knows how niar<y yeats ago ; old enough, to be iniflsciiin^ ;. but one of tbuso ^ht'Uíes which renew .their you'h \ periodically, (ind aro always up to .date in, internal comfort. Our boat, Lancéis d'Esterre, had been popular, even when a Eubaltern in a marching regiment on an ^!9W?.?Ç? Of tïïO hundred a year, and had v'certainiy not \£ !..! when he carno unexpectedly into possession of Harley Hall and abig fortune.: '??'?U;.'V : I had known d'Esterre a good.many years ;' in fact, we had entered Sandhurst . together. When his fortunes turnod, he V threw; up soldiering, and for'some timó, .; whilo my regiment was in India, I saw, nothing of him. He was married when I ?¡ roturnod ' to E/^hind, an.d. I fraß Ççjnç ?? '^à^a '^oiiià^ttiiïo to Inakô my bow \- to his-wife. No ono seemed to know \- much about her. She seemed to have no '.. relations, and hnd appeared a couple of Féaeons ago in the social firmament with 'the suddenness and brilliance of a corfftt as Mrs d'Estorre. Her success was un : doubted, and it was not long before her husband's position and her own beauty placed her in the firab flight, of London Society women. Whether d'Esterre was altogether pleased or not I ' do not know. Ho was never much pf "a Society man, and probably found' it'a'^ little tedious to stand againat a doorpost' ; for several hours ata stretch'while ¡his'' ' wife was dancing or sitting out with other . V-men. -But hé never said, any thing about. . it-at least to me. ' I cannot say I took a great fancy to . MTB. :d'Es<erro. Mun are generally dis ; satisfied with thoir friends' wives-which. " - perhapa, ia as well; but when their friends ; , aro disiatisBed with their own wives thore is the devil to pay. And a week's obser- vation had convinced me that there was a Bcrcw loose somewhere in the d'Esterre household. But just at this moment my thoughts were of tho ploisantest. Everyone was talking at once, except Mrs. d'Esterre, who sat calm and silent at the end of the \- table-a statuesque figure,, with fair hair coiled up round her head. Certainly she was nn amazingly beautiful woman, with those dark eyes which, with fair hair and complexion, give such a weird charm to a" face. Thore was pretty Mrs. Sinclair, who had a husband, BO it was said, in Brazil, or somewhere where there was no hunting ; so, of course, she couldn't live with him. Thero was Percy Braginton, with a light moustache and a baronetcy. Thero was a man with a hooked nose, who had just arrived, and whose name I hadn't caught, and about.half a dozen ? others of the kind one generally finds in oonntry houses in the winter. Finally, Bitting by Mrs. d'Esterre, was a man whom I couldn't quite understand. He didn't hunt, and he didn't shoot. Ho didn't know a horse from a cow. His name was Avadro-Luigi Avado-and I believe he composed songB. Anyhow, he played the piano divinely. What he did . with himself all day while we were out hunting I do not know ; but as Mrs. d'Esterre and he played and sang to us in the evening, posaibly they practised to- gether in the day. He had a face which I believe women admire ; in fact, I have often beard them rave about Avardo. Oval in shape, with dark, almost olive, complexion, and a pair of gleaming black eyes. His slight black moustache out- lined a finely-curved upper lip ; and his hair, .which was black and waving, was just long enough to form a frame-work for the whole. For my own part, I pre- ferred the plain red and white of Lancelot d'Esterre. Avardo seemed a bit out of his depth at Harley Hall in January, and I wondered at first how he had turned up in the midst of a hunting Bet. Perhaps you know the feeling one sometimes has that there are two sets of visitors in a house. Well, I concluded that Luigi waB Mrs. d'Esterro's guest. Mrs. d'Esterre did not hunt. Suddenly the hook-nosed man suid, 4 Confound it, d'Esterre 1 I wish you'd take that picture down, or let mo change ïny seat to-morrow. She won't keep her eyes off me, «nd they are the most uncanny, uncomfortable eyes I ever saw.' D'Esterre was talking about shorthorns . to a neighboring squire who had ridden over to dinner, and did not hear. . * What picture 1' asked Braginton, who was sitting opposite. .Why, that one over the mantel- piece.' Bragington looked over his shoulder at . the picture-an oil painting of a young woman in eighteenth-century costume. .Why, that-that's the family ghost,* said he. 'She walks abroad whenever there's trouble brewing for the d'Estenes; when Lancelot has backed a wrong'un for the St. Loger, and BO on, you knew. Have you never heard of the Black Lady V ' 4 Well, I fancy she's waking up now,' Baid he of the hooked nose ; ' for I could » swear I saw her eyes movo just now.' \ _ 'What's that about the Black Ladyî' said d'Esterre, looking round. . Only here's a man who's never heard of her.' . ; v / * . 'Well, never mind her; pass the sherry.' .>.;,. Mrs. d'Esterre looked. nP an^ ^id quietly : ~~ " ' The Black Lady had a brute of a hus- band. He caught her one night trying to run away with an Italian singer. And he shot her in the corridor above.' 'H'm,' murmured Avardo, as he peeled a walnut. 'Why does Mr. d'Esterre ..keep such an unpleasant picture in the room?' 'Perhaps,' said the hook-nosed man, 'it ls as a warning to nineteenth-century wives.' . Possibly 1' said Mrs. d'Esterre indif- ferently, aa she caught Mrs. Sinclair's eye and rose to leave* When the ladies had gone, Avadro seemed a little out of it. The conversa- tion, of courao, worked round to hunting, and aa d'Esterre got enthusiastic over the "morning's run, Avadro sat silently smoking a cigarette and watohoti him with a look of-was it contempt ? But then these foreigners never can understand hunting. Gradually we straggled into the drawing foom ^ ^here ÍB Mr, d'Esterre V asked tho wife of the squire. 41 want to Mk him about getting Borne new carriage horses1 " * Oh, he ia probably talking about pigs and turnips in the dining-room," said Mrs. d'Esterre. Then turning to Avadro-' "Come, do play that pretty little thing you composed this morning.' .You will sing it, Madame?' 'Çprtiinly.' She. sang superbly, and as she sang her face, which was generally cold as marble, flashed and warmed with the passionate words which Avadro had woven into a dreamy long-drawn melody. Her husband entered aa sho finished. : 4 We will stop now,' she aaid ; 4 Mr. d'Esterre hates music-except hunting songs.' Later on we were collected in the , smoking-room. Enginton was explain- ing a new snaffle which he claimed to have invented. A sporting barrister, who had just arrived from town, was telling a story to three other men, at which they seemed hugely amused. Sud- denly the hook-nosed man, who waa buned deep in an araehair, straightened Sims'ulf up, and Faid : " - r - ; - - .'By tha way, who is sleeping in the room at the end of tho big corridor 1' * It is I who sleep there,' said Avadro from his cornor. ' Then if the Black Lady is stirring, she will'pay you a visita . She always walks straight into that room-without opening the door. Mrs. Sinclair, told me all about her after dinner.' .;. 'liol hoi Avadro!' shouted Brigh- ton; 'that's more in your line than hunting, isn't it ? ' 'I shall bo ready to receive her if she comes,' s »id Avadro; takiug his cigarette-, from' his lips. ; I Aro you not afraid bf sleeping there Î ' ' I was never afraid of a woman yet much USA a; man,V linsworèd, Avadro, quietly replacing his cigarette and lookiug across at Braginton. ; ' If you'll take my advice,' said Brag iutoo, 'you-won't talk about tho" Block Lady, before d'Eeterre. They say she only stumps about" when there's some- thing wrong about the d'Estorro women. Of course, there's nothing iu it ; all the same, ho mighn't like ic' Just then- d'Esterre came in, so we changed lnejsubject. The next moMing was warm And raußgy» with a light mint stealing round *u-u-i.,. "f tha >-- .. «nd lying in the inti uuict. v.. - ti ec?; r'r* :1* o hollows of the park. An idea. ?atnin& for sport and I got into *my riding breeches in the..best possible spirits: Butas I came down into the- hall, my man was waiting for me. My second hunter had gone a bit groggy in the near foreleg, and the. bay . mare" had . been nearly ridden off her legs the previous dav., Every hunter in d'Ksterre'a stables was tlroady Biinjigcd «p, I fc«éñ j BO there was aa end *Ö ffly hopes for that day, at any rate. ,1 collected horseB, men, and creation.gënérally under one compre- hensivo anathema,1 and went into tho breakfast room feeling a little better. 1 .The men were attacking breakfast as onlyithey can .when' there is nothing but a bite at a sandwich in prospect between breakfast and dinner, .verhauling their sherry flasks, and- filling their ¿andwich cases, and speculating at the top of their voicer on tfoe course the foi would- lake if they, found-and when didn't they 'find ?. -in tho Ohuroh Bpinhey. V ; . . The ladies had not yet made an ap-, poaranco. Braginton's sympathy for- my mis-, fortune was BO obtrusive that I deferred, breakfast, and strolled .round to see the horses brought up. . As I stood watch- ing upon the hall steps, I heard a voice behind me. ".> '.;'? "So you are not hunting to-day ; well, neither am I, so. we must keep each other company.' .>. . ' v r It WBB Mrs. Sinolair, who : had sprained her wrist, so she said ; anyho w, she had bound a handkerchief tightly round it j And so it came about that I watched the other men mount and'ride: off-with, more equanimity than I could hs ve thought possible ten minutes before,' and smiled contentedly as they ^jeeringly wished me a pleasant day. ; When I returned to the breakfast1 room to finish my breakfast at my leisure, Avadro had turned up, as well. as. two or three ladies. They were all listening to Mrs. Sinclair, who was teding something which seemed to excite extraordinary interest. . ..[[,-, -* ?-cime rushing in, 'as pale as a ghost herself j'. she was saying, ' and fainted straight away. Poor j Marie." I thought she would never come round again. Luckily, I had a little brandy4n my room-I always keep a small bottle in case of illness, you know.' : ; . Why, poor Marie 1 ' I saidi -.« What was the matter with her ? Had she seen a ghost 1 ' . . - , ' There, now, I wish I had said nothing about it I shall have to tell the átory to everyone in the: house ,inytheréourae;of the next day or two ; , and ;; then. Mr.; d'Esterre will hear of it, and hé hates. to hear people talking about the Black, Lady.' ... \ . ' Tho Black Lady!' :.V ' Yes,, Mrs. Sinclair's maid-' began one lady. - .:. ' - . ? ;'. ..... / . * Saw her- said another.' V .In the big corridor,' said a third. * Well, interrupted Mrs. : Sinolair, - i l may as well tell it all again ; only its rather hard lines on Signor. Avadro, as he r's sleeping in the haunted room.' ' Pray go.on,' said Avadro, ' I am much interested.' . Really, it's quite absurd, yon know,' she began, ; * but last night, as I couldn't slepp, I Bent Marie down to get a book I had been reading from the library. As she was returning, and had justreaohed the top of the staircase, she saw-so she sayá-a figure in black glide along at the end of the corridor. She was horribly frightened, and ran headlong into my room, where she tumbled on to the floor in a dead faint, Of ceurse it's all non- sense ; but I never had Buch a night, in my life. Signor Avadro, you are laughing at me. You don't believe in ghosts ; I suppofe you don't believe in any thing,.do you?' 4 Madame, I believe in angels ; yon con- vert me,' he Baid, quietly. . - (To be concluded to-morrow.) The following appeared in our Second Edition yesterday : 