ICE BOUND:. BY W. CARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER l-Continnued, tton, the daylight being broad enough now that the hatch lay open on top, I remarked a sliding door on the larboard side of the mset. I put my shoulder to it and very easily ran it along its grooves, and thou found myselt in the way of a direct communication with all the fore portion of the schooner. The ar rangeomellnt :Ilrldeed was so odd that I sus pected a piratical device in tlhis uncommon methodt of opening out at will the whole range of deck. The air here was as vile as in the calbins, and I had to wait a bit. On entering I discovered a little comipart ment with racks on either hand filled with snmall ents. I afterward counte1l 13 muskets, blunleribusses andl fusils, all of an antique kinld, while the sides of the vessel were hung with pistols great and little, boarding pikes, cutlasses, hangers and other sorts of sword. Tis armlory was a sighlt to set nme walking very cautiously, for it was not likely that powdler should iF wanting in a ship thus etqlipped; and where was it stowed? There was another sliding door in the for ward partition; it stood open, and I passed througll it ilnto what 1 ilnmediately saw was the cook house. I turned the lantern about and discoveredl every convenience for dress ing food. The furnaces were of bIrick and the oven was a great onie-great, I mean, for the size of the vessel. Thero were pots, pans and kettles in pllelnty, a tdresser witih drawers, dishes of tin anld artlhenware, a Dutch clock -in slhort, such nei cluipment of kitchlen fur nitulre as you woull Ilot expect to find in the galleyof ri Iudianun built to carry two or three huildred passengers. About half a 'ebaldroii of small coal lay heaped in a wooden angular fence fitted to the ships side, for the sight of which I thanked God. I held the lantern to the furnace, and observed a crooked chimney rising to the deck and pass ing through it. The month or head of it was no doubt coveredl by the soew, for I had not noticed any suich object, in the survey I had taken of the vessel above. Strange, Ithought, that those men should have frozen to death with the material in the ship for keeping a fire goitig. But then miy whole discovery I regarded as one of those secrets of the deep, which defy the utmost imagination and ex perience of man to explain them. Enough that here was a schooner which had been in terred in a sepulcher of ice,as l might ra tionally conclude, for near half a century; that there were dead men in her, who looked to have been fro-zen to death; that she was apparenitly stored with miscellaneous. booty; that she was powerfully armed for a craft ol her size, and lhad inmifestly gone crowded with mnen. All thlis twss plain, and I say it was enough for me. Before I coulld maike a fire the chimney must be cleared. Aimong the furniture in the arms room were a number of spade headed spears-the sltte as wide as the length of a mails thrutib anid about a foot long, mounted on light, thlin wood. Armned with one of these weapons, I passed into tlhe cabin topro ceeilo deck. I speedlily spied the chimney, which showed a head of two feet above the deck, and made short work of thet sIow.tliat was frozen in it, as nothing could have been fitter to cut ice with tlhian the splde shlaped veapon I carrield. This done, I retuiued to the, cook iooi, and with a butchers ax that hung against the bulkhead I knocked away. one of the hoards tliiit icoitiiiedtlhe coal, split it into small ieces and in a short time had kindled a good fire. When I was thoroughly warns and com forted I took thue lantern and went aft tothe ;toeward's oonm atd brought thence a cheese, a ham, some biscuit andi ono of the jars of spirits, all of which I ctrried to the cook room andi placed the whole of thel it' the orven. I was extremely lhungry and thirsty, and the warmth and chleerfulness of the fire set me yearninig for at hot meal. But how was I to, hiake se a bowl without fresh water? I went oi deck and scratched usp some snow, bdit tihe salt inll itgave it a sickly taste, and I wasiiotonly certain it would spoil and muake disgusthjig whatever I mnixei it with or' cookeld in it, but it stood as a drink to dis order sy stomach anil bring on an illness. So, thought I to miyself, there must he fresh water about-casks enouglh in the hold, I dare say;- but the hold was not to be enterceld anl explored without Inlor and ifficultyasnd I ets weary and ftamished, aind in so tenmer for hard work. In iat shijps it is the custom to carry one or mirO ciskscaldled, scittlehuttts onil deck, into Iehiclt fresh water is pliupied for the iuse of the crow, I stepped along, looking earnestly I at the several shapes of guns, coils of riggiug, hatcthways, and tleo like, upon whichl tile sntwu lay thilild and solid, lluttperceiyed Itatll ing that answered tn tho stapep of i cask, At last I came to the well.in the head, passed the forecastle ileck, and, on looking down, spied, anonig other shapes, three bulged andt bulky formns. I seeied by instinct to knowur that tliese were the scuttlebutts, atd went for the chopper, jiiith Whllich I returnedl and got into this hollow, that was four or five feet deep. The snow had the lhardess of iron; it took me a quarter, of in hour of severe labor to ipake sureof the character of the bulky thing I weSought at, anmid tthen it proved to be a cask. Whmatrer plighlt be itsecotents it weas not iempty, but I seas lpretty uigst spetnt by the time I had knockedl off the irto's ttptgS and beaten out staves enoughl to enable me to et at the frozen bodly within. There were threst-sitrters of it cask full. It was spark liug clear lee, and, chiptpitig off a piecp and ducking it, I fotiu.l It to te very sweet fresh water. Thus was tny labor rewarded, I ct oif as imiuchs as, iwhen dissolved, would make a couplo of gallois, and returned to the cook roolsm. The fire burnedt brightly, atid its ruddy glow seas sweet us huItIItan comtpanionshiip, I put thie ce iinto a ssatCelpnai nuid set it spol the fire, and tiseni pullinig the cheese and ius out of the ove, fetuind thett wearin and thaweit. Ott sittdllUing at the muotttli of the jar, I discovered its contenttts to be braundy. Only about is inscli deep of it win melted. I poutreel this inito a isptnnikiin and took a esip, anita litter elioci itf spirits Isesver sstallowcesl in all stiw life; its eleganit pterfIitiue hroved it aiiazitngly choice ouns old. I fetched a lemon aiid sotiri sugar, antit sOlesily lpreleared a stisll sisoking boowl of pluich. The Iamis cut redtlily; I fried is culie of stout mshters, ansI fell to the heartiest anld miiost delicious repast I csvr sat downi to. At any time therois sositetliltig fragrntit nuid appetizing its the ,epell of fried hlami; contteiee, thesi, the reli+ that tIes ipspetite of a starved, haslf frozen, shipwrecsreke mStit) wnstl4 lnhd in itt The cheese was ctrtetuely goosi, ansd was as a154 as if it had beei sitde a ceek ago. Indeed, the preservative virtues of the cold struck nie with astoitishttett. . Here was I making a fine ial eloff stores chich, iutall probability, hid haiti in this ship fifty years, and tlicyate as choicely as like food of a similar quality ashore. Possibly souse of these days science (ayi oevice a mseanits for keepitng the stores of psattip ftuss)t cehticl would he as great a luesssinIg us couitld hlerall thfi timsritier, and a sure rttioy for Ithe sUsIS-y; 1f0s tiettt lYtI)t (resh mlieat mitiihlt hue carriel as salt, besides other articles of a perishable kind. CHAPTER XUI. A LONELY tIGtT. Ilhad a pipe of my onet itt my pocket; I feint-ecdi a small block of the black tobacco that was it} ptbs tinttiy, and with some trouble, for it wss as liartni atiiry t giq, chlippeel off a bocelful untd fell a-puollinutg sitli ell the satisfaction of a hardened lover of tobacco who has long been denied his avorite relish.j 3l7 pipe being emptied, I threwsome more coals into the furnace, and putting a candle in the lantern went aft to take another view of the little cabins, in one of which I re solved to sleep; for though the cook room would have served me best while the fire burned, I reckoned upon it making a colder habitation when the furnace was black than those small compartments in the stern. The cold on deck gushed down so bitingly tlhrouglh the open conipunion hatch that I was fain to close it. I mounted the steps, and with much ado shipped the cover and shut the door, by which of course the great cabin, as I call the rooml in which the two men were, was plunged in darkness; but the cold was not tolerable, anil the parcels of candles inl tlhe larder rendclered mne indifferent to the gloo;m. On entering the passage in which were the doors of thie berths, I noticed an oblject that hadl befiore escaped my observation-I mean a snall trap batch, no bigger than a niai hole, with a ring for lifting it, midway down the lane. I suspectedl this to be the entrance to the Inzarette, and putting both lhands to the ring punlled the hatch up. I sniffed cau tiossly, fearilng foul air, and then sinking the lantern by the length of my arnm I peered dowan, andl observed the outlines of casks, hales, cases of white wood, chests, antd so forth. I lropped throughl the hole on to a cask, which left mny leadi and shoulders ablove the dleek, and then with the utmost caution stooped and threw the laintern light around me. But the casks were not powder barrels, which perhaps a little reflection miight have led lie to suspect, since it was not to be sumpposed that any man would slow his powdler in the lazarette. As I was in the way of settling my ml-.. givings touching the stock of food in rhi schoolner, I resolved to push through with this business at once, and fetclhing the chop per went to work upon these barrels anld chests;. anld very briefly I will tell you what Ifouund. First, I ldealt with a tierce tlhat I proved full of salt beef. There was a wholec row of these tierces, and one suflisced to ex press the nature of the rs,; there were up ward of thirty barrels of pork; one canvas hale I lipped open1 was full of ihams, and of thlese balesIcountedl half a score. Tle whliie cases hleld biscuit. There were several sacks of peas, a number of barrels of flour, caises of candles, cheeses, a quantity of tobacco,, not to imention a variety of jars of several shapes, sonme of whiclh I afterward folundl to contain marmalade andl succadloes of differ cut kinds. Ou knocking the head off one cask I found it heldl a frozen body that by the light of the Ilntern looked as black as inki; I chilpped off a bit, sucked it, and found it vwine. I was so transported by the sight of this wonderful plenty that I fell upon my kinee in ni outburst of gratitude, and gave hearty thanks to God for his mercy. There was no further need for sue to dismally wonder whether I was to starve or no; supllosing the provisions sweet, here was food enougbl to last me three or four years. I wan-s so over joyeh and withal curious that I forgot all aibout the timie, and flourishing the clholipper nade the round if thie laznrette, samnpling its freight by inldividiual ilnstanlces, so that by the timie I was tiredl I hadl eldarged tilhe list I have given by diliscoveries of braudly, beer, oatmeial, oil, lemions, tongues, vinegar, ruin and eight or ten other natters, all stowed very bunglingly, and in so many different kinds of casks, cases, juars and other vessels, as disposed mie to believe that several pirati cal runumnagigs inist have gone to the crea tion of this handsome and plentiful stock of goodl things. Well, thought I, even if there he no more coal in the ship thai what lies in tihe cook house, enoughl fuel is here in the shape of casks, boxes and the like to thaw me pro visions for six moiuthlls, besides whait I may coime across ini the hold, along with the haim miocks, bedding. isxes, and so forth, in the forecastle, all wicliei would be good to feed ny fire with. This waas a most comforting rellcction, sud I recollect of springing out through the lazarette hatch with as spirited a caper as ever I had cut at any time of my life. Ireplaced the hatch cover, and having re solved upon the aftmmost of the four cabins as sy beidroom, entered it to see what kind of nacconmnodation itwould yield me. I hang Sup the lantern, and looked into the cot that was slung athwartiships, and spied a couple of rugs or blankets, whlich I pulled out, hav ing no fancy to lie inder them. The deck was like an old clothes shop or the wardrobeo of a trav-eling troop of actors. From the confusion in this amd the adjoining cabins I conclulded that there hiad been a rush at the last-a wild overmhauling and flinging about of clothes for articles of mnore value bidden I aion.g tlhein."'lBut just as likely as not the idisorlder merely indlicated the slovenly indi feteiceof plunderers totlhe fruits of a pillage I that had overstocked tihem. The first gariinnt I picked up was a cloak of ai sort of silk muaterial, richly furred and lined; all the buttons but one iacl been cut off, andi that lwhich remaine4 was silver. I spread it in tihe cut, as it was a soft thing to li quioi. Tihen I piciked upI a Croat of the faslhion you will see in Hogarthi's elngraving -the coat collar a broad fol, and the cuffs to the elbow. This w-as as good as a rug, and I put it into the cot writlh the other. I swept the lhuddlle of things with ily foot into a crnrer, antod lifting the lids of tilhe boxes saw more clothes, sone books, a collection of smiall arms, a couple of quadirants, and sundry rolls of paper, whilch pIro-vedc to ibe charts of the islands of the Antilles aid the western Soutlh American coast, very ill di getsted. Tlhere nwere no papers of any kind-to determilne the vessl's clharacter, nor journal to acquaint iie with lier story., i was tired iII my limibs rather thall sleepy, uid Cwent to the cook room to warnm myself at the fire and get Ire somIe supper, mleaning to sit therelC till the lire died out and then go to rest; but whens I put mily knife to the ham I fouid it as ihar4 frozen, as wlietn f had first met with it-so with the chleese, oaed this though tilhler had been a lire barning for hmour! I put tio tliiiigs into thp ovee to thisse, as before, aini sitting dosni fell very pensi-c oves thlii coverity of tobl, whiclI had poster to freszo nithin ayard or two of the fu-inice. To be sire, thie silo by iiiy absence had slirnlik, and1 the oliilisg dooi- beilig open udimitted the cold ai tole calsin: lst thie coit sidaintion was, Hoe wasvItoresist liiekillin enf,,hliiient of this atuscllphcre! I had slept iii tihe boat, it is trot, unit was sioise the soirs, unsd now I was under shelter, with the best of 5 pleontirfl leullyfol of moat and liqcuor to w'n-llll 11; bltt if sinu ind Irun and cheeis fioze iin an air ini whicli fie- had bit- blu-niiig, whiyiist I iin liy sleds, whesi there wats nio tire, ulld life It-lit wteakly, as it doves ini liiiiumeri Tliose figures in tlts cabin were dilsmjail warnlillgs anld ussulnlces; they had heen imeii perlalsha stouter and heartier tiain ever I svws ini their day, but they had beeni Irsoon into stony images, neverthe less, uider coveri too1 with the ma terialstoncks ai f lire, and ms huinucd strosig waters in their lasuarotte as would serve their schooner to Ilost ii. It strausgely ailnd inpoMrtsinately entered my head to cotceive that though those men were frozen and stirless they werle not1 dead as corpats ale, bit as is stream iwioe current, checked by ice, will flow when the ice is meltel. Mdighit lot life ini thelibo suispeuded by thie cils, miot ended! There is vitality in t(1e seed,1 though it lies a dead thllm in the hand. 'Those men are corpses to my eye, but, said I to myself, they mnay have the principles of life in thenm, which heat migiht call into being. Putrefactiou is a natural law, but it is balked by frost; and just as decay is hindered by cold, mnight not the property of life be left unaffected in a body, though it should be numbed in a marble form for fifty yearst This was a terrible fancy to possess a man situated as I was, and it so worked in me that again and again I caught myself look ing first forward, then aft, as though, heaven help mel my secret instincts foreboded that at any nmoment I should belhold some form from the forecanstle or one of those filores in the cabin stalking in, and coning to Imy side and silently seatisng himsself. I pshawed and pished, andl querulousl- asked of myself iwhat manner of Englislh ailor was I to suffer suclh swomanly terrors to visit moe; lout it would not do; I could not smoke; a coldness of the heart fell uposn se, and set me trelmbling above any sort of shivers which thie frost of the air had clhasedl tlhroughnlse; anilt presently a hollow creak sounsding out of thle hold, caused by some allnovu eut of thle bed of ice on which the vessel lay, I was seized with a panic terror andl sprang to my feet, ansid aIn tern in hand sade for the companion laidder, witllh a prayer in e for thle sighlt of a stalr! I durst niot look at the figures, but setting thle light dlown at tihe foot of the ladder squeerzedl throiugh the conmpanion dloor oni to the deck. 1v fear was a fever in its way, andtIlidid sot feet the cell. Tihere was no star to lt sess: but the whiteness of the sco was flung out in a will, strange glare by the blalckness of the sky. anil ntsile a light of its owss. It was thle smost savage and terrible pictunre of solitude the invention of nean could reach to, yet I blessed it for tlhe relief it gave to smy glho,t enkindled inmagination. Presently, when tile cold was begiOnning to pierce ssse, my courage was so mIuch the bet ter for this excursion into the hoarse and black antd gleaming realities of the night, thlat ssy Iheart beeat atits usunal ueasure as passed through the hatch anid went again to the cook room. I was, however, sure that if I sat hero long, listening andl thinking, fear would return. So, raking out the fire, I pickedl utp thle lattern andi was about to go, then halted, considering whether I should not stow- the frozen proris ions away. It Sias a natural thoughlt, seeing Ihow precious food was to tie. But, alas! it mattered not where tlhey lay; tlhesy were as secure Ihere as if thley were as snugly hidden in the bottom of the lhold. It was the white realm of death; if ever a rat bad crawled in this shlip it was, in its Ihiding Iplace, as stiff and idle as tlhe frozen vessel So I let the lump of wine, the ice, Isan, and so forth, rest where they were, andi went to the cabin Ilhad chosen, involuntarily pieeping at the figures as I passed, and hurrying the faster because of the grim anld terrifying liveliness put into the mass who sat starting from the table by the swing of thle lantern in my hand. 4 I shut the door andil hung the lanltern nealr the cot, having the flintl ald box in my pocket. There was, indeed, an abuindance of can dies in the vessel; nevertlheless, it was asy business to husband themlle with the utmost niggardlliness. How long I was to be im prisosned here, if indeedl I was ever to bie dte livered, Providence alone kneew; and to run short of candlles would add to the terrors of Iny existence by forcing sile either to openi thie hatches and ports for light, ant so filling the slhip with the deadllynir outside, or living in datrkness. There twere a cloak asi a coat in the cot, but they would not isulffice; there was, hIowever, plenty of apparel in the cor ncr to serve as wrapls, and having chosen enough to smother me I vauilted into the cot, and so covered miyself tIhat tihe clothes were above the level of the sides of the cot. I left the lantern bsurning whilo I imade sure ssy bed was all right, atisl lay musssing, feeling extIremeICly melsancholy; tic hardest part was the thoughst of those two Imen watclhing in the cabin. Tihe msost fantastic alarms plossessed sie. Suplpose their ghosts came to tihe ship at nmidnight, and entering their Ibodies utlickensed tllens into walking; I caughlt myself listesning; asiln there was enough to hIear, too, iwhat withl thie subduedli roaring of thie wind, the spilinte-ring of ice, tihe occasional creaking-siot sunlike a heavy booted tread-of the fabrie of thie schooner to the blasts of the gale against hier iasts, or to a movement in the bed on which she reposed. '"J But plain isense came to toy rescue at last. I resolved to have no moreo of these night fears; so, blowing out tins candle, I put sny ihead on the coat that formed msy psillow-, res olutely kept my eyes shut, and after a while fell asleep. CHAPTERlt XIII. I EXPLORE THE IOLD AND FORECASTLE. It s-as pitch dark when I awoke, and I conceived it must be the miiddle of the night; hbut, to my astonishmenet, uon lighlting the lantern and looking attihe watchl, lwhich I and tsl;en the pirecaution to wind lip over night, I saw it wainted Init twenty minutles to eight o'cliock, so that I hai palssl tlhrosugh eleven hurs of solid sleep, However, it was only neielful to recollect where I wsss ands to eia; a ginee at tihe closesd door and port, to sunderstandl why it was dalsrk. I Ihad slept. fairly w-arm, anld nwoke witih no sensationl of craspl ; ,litt tihe keen ai-s had lcauesed the steams of any breathl to freeze upon my ssousth in isuchI a manner that, when feeling the sticky inconvenience I put ssy finger to it, it fell like a little smask; andl I likewise felt thie pain of cold in sy face to such mn extent that hlid I eeen ilisterel there, my lcheeks, niose andl brohw could noat Ihave ssartedt more. This resolved si0e lienceforwardl to wra uput my Ileai assd fsei before going to rest. ( I openedl the dsu'r and5paused ouilt, anm ob served all atnnaing dlifferesnce between the temsperaturef t ithe sir in iwhich I lhail been sleepinig ait nlthit of thetmospheretine i the passage-a happy discovery, for it served t-' assure me that, if I was carefulc to lie udler' plenty of coverings antd to keep thie outer air exclusded, the ieat of sssy ishy saoulil mriss tice temiealtu ri of the little cabiss; 55or, plo aiding t1he eomspartlmsenit sas ventilalcit throungout the slay, wsn ttsere assythissg to be fearel frosma the vitiation of tlie air by siss owncr breathsissg, My first busissess sues to ligist tCie fite and set ssy - bcssikfisst to ticiw, astil iHoil m1 a ket' 01eof o waler; aid while this was preparing I went on deck to viesa the isweather anss to re solve in sIsy msiinsd the soutinle of the ilnv. On opeslingtg te dloot sf the aonspaiidisons Icatch I seas stearly blisclne l iy tlie iglasiosts bsilliinice of the astttshine oes tIle snsios; iatfle' tite black nesa of the cabiss it isss like lookinsg at tlie sui himisself, cndci I hail to stassd a full thsree mscisnutes iwiths sssy hlsasd uiios sny eyes before Icoutld neuestoss ssy si55st to tihe dazelisg glisre. It wsss fiste siesslit' ssgaiss; tlie sky oreer the glssss like cmzsts of tise schsooner '-as a clear, dark blue, swiths a feca light clouds blowing over it fsosss tise soutllshcaril. The wiind d shsiflte at Ihist; buit. puire as the heaveis were. thie blrtseexp wtsc pipiinisg biriskly swith the weigsht epssl sonsg of asmlsil hale, msd its fansgs of fiost, eveiR is the compsiiara tive quiet of tse siceltcres deck, bit cith a fleroeuess that had isot beese obs-e'vi-lo yes ter-day. The moosesit I iad the body of thIe vessel in smsy sight I ierceived that she hsad changed her position sisce sst- last viesv of her. Her bows wesr ssoe raised, assd she lay over far ther by thedepthlsa of a 15k. I stared ear ntstly at the rio' sytcges on tithai Laihd,hut cold not have sworn their figuration was -hangedLvAn eager hope shot into oy itind, but it quickly faded into an emotion f alp- prehension. It was conceivable, indeed, that an a sudden some early day I might find the schooner liberated and afloat, and this was the firstinspiriting flush; but then came the fear that the dlisruption and volcanic throes of the ice might crush her-a fear rational enough when I saw the height she lay above the sea, ntd how by pressure those slopes whiclh formed her cradle might be jammed and welded together. The change of her posture then fell upon me with a kind of shock, and determined me, when I had brokeu my fast, to searclh her hold for a boat or for materials for constructing solme ark by which I miight float out to sea, should the ice grow meonacitng and force muse from the schooner. I miade a plcitiful meal, feeling the need of altbundance of fooi in such a tetmperature as this, and heartily grateful that there was no need why I should stint miyself. While I ate msy mind was so busy wilth considerations of thie change in the shipd's posture during tihe niighlt, that it ended in de termining ite to take a surveSy of iher from tihe outside, and tlhen clinmb the clils and look around before I fell to any other work. Arminig myself withi a bounrditgpike to serve as a pole, I dropped into tihe fore chains and thlelnce stepped on to tihe ice, and very slowly andl.2nrefully walked roundl the schooter, examiniuing her closely ant boring into( )hbe snow upon her sitle with my pike whererer 1 suwlected a hole or lindent. I could find notlhing wrong writhl her in thlis rwayv, though what a thaw mighit reves. I could not know. Her rudder luhng frozen t u its pintles, and looked as it should. Some little distance abaft her rudder, where the hlollowv or chasm slopled to the sea. was a great split three or four feet wide; this Ihdl certainly happened in thie night, anld I musit have slept as sound as the dead not to lear thle noise of it. Such a rent as this sufficed to account for the sulb sidence of the after part of the schoonter and hler farther inclination to latrbard. Indeed, the hollow was now coming to resemlle the "ways' on which ships are launched; and you would have conceivedl by the aplpear ance of it that if it should slope a little lmore yet, off would slide the schooner for the sea; and in the right posture, too-that is, stent on. Bub I prayed with all my might and main for ansything but this. It would ihave been very well had the hollow gone in a gen tie declivity to the wash of the sea-to the water itself, in short; buit it terminated at the edge of a cliff, not very high, indeed, but high enlough to warrant the prompt founder ing of any vessel that should launch hlerself off it. Happily the keel was too solidly frozen into the ice to render a passage of this description possible; andl the conclusion Iar rived at, after careful itnspection, was that the sole chance that couldt offer for the de livery of the vessel to her proper element lay in the cracking up and disruption of the bed on wrhich she lay. V Satisfied as to the state of the ice and the posture of the schooner, viewed from with out, I sent a slow and piercisng gate along tbs ocean line, and then returned to the ship. The strong windi, tie dance of the sea, the grandeur of the great tract of whiteness, vitalized by the flying of violet cloud shad ows along it, had fortified mty spirits, and being free (for a while) of all superstitious dread, I determineds to begin by exploring the forecastle and iscertaining if more bodies were in the schooner thanl those two in the cabin and the giant form on deck. I threw some coal on the fire, andt placed aln ox tongue along with the cheese and a lump of the frozen wine in a pannikin into the oven (for I had a minid to taste the vessel's stores, and thought the tongue would makean agree ablle hange), andl then, iputting a candle into the lantern, walked very bravely to the fore castle and entered it. I was prepared for the scesn of confusioln, but I moust say it staggered tie afresh with something of the force of the first impression. Sailors' chests lay open in all directions, and their contents covered the decks. There was the clearest evitlence here that the majority of the crew had quitted the vessel in a vio lent hurry, turning out their boxes to cram their mtoney and jewelry into their pockets, and heedlessly flinging down their own and hite clothes which had fallen to their share. Tiis I hadi every right to suppose from the character of the muddle out the floor; for, passing the light over a partof it, I witnessed a great variety of attire of a kind which cer tainly no sailor in any age ever went to sea witih-not so fine, perhaps, as that which lay in the cabins, but very good, nevertheless, particularly the linen. In mansy Iplaces, glittering among the clothes, were goldl and silver coins, a few sil ver ornaments, sudch as buckles, and watches -things not missed by the pirates in the transport of their flight. Int kickilug a coat aside I dliscovered a couple of silver cruci tlies bound together, iand close by were a silver goblet and the hilt of a sword broken short off for the sake of the metal it was imade of, Niothing ruder than this interior is itn agitlablle, The meat unmiss have beetn mighty put to it for room. There was a window in tihe iend, but th, srnow veiled it. Iay te the rogues messed together aft, and only used this forecastle to lie in. IRiglht undtler the hatch, where the light was strongest, was a dleat rat. 1 stoppedto pick it up, nmeaning to fling it on to the deck, but its tail broke onl at the niup like a pipe stein. Close against the after bulkhead that ses erated the forecastle from the cook room was a little hatch. There was a quantity of wearing apparel upon it, and I sshould have missed it but for catching sight of some three inches of the dark line the cover made in the deck. On clearing away the clothes perceiveul a ring similar to that in tho la-5 rette hatch! and it rose to my first drag mand left meo the hold yawning black below. I pcereS down, and observ-ed a stout stanchion traversed by iron pins for the baids and feet. The atmosphere was nasty, and to give it time to clear I wentt to the cook house asid warmed myself before the fire. The fresh air blosing down the forecastle hlstch speedily sweetened the hold. I lowered the lantern and followed, and found myself oi top of coie itui or spirit casks, which on tsy hitting them returned me a solid note. There was a fore peak forward in tSie bows, and the casks went stowed to the bulkhead of it. The top of this hulikbead was open four feet from the upper deck, antd on holding the lantern over and putting my head through I saw a quantity of coals. If the forepeak went as low as thevessela floor then I calcu lated there would not be less than fifteen tons of coal in it. This was a noble discoveir to fall upon, and it msade me feel so happy that I do net kitow that the assurance of my being iimediately rescued from this islatud could have gIvet a lighter pulse to my heart. The candle yielded a very simll light5 pod it was difficult to see above a yr-d orl so ahead or artn1d. ituirise4 miy a e aft, and cr4wyed ovsIp thl Cesks stpd cameto under h majo Iatth, where lay coils of hawser, buckets, block. and the hike; but there was ito pinnaoe, though here she had beenstowed, as a sailor would have promptly seen, A lit tie way beyond, under the great cbin, was the powder magazine, a small bulkheaded comportment with a little door, atop ob which was asmall bulls eye lamin . pepres warily enough, you will suppose, into this place; and madeP ut tvelv-e titrrels of pow sler.4tbeartily wiihed them overboard; ant )feb, after all, they were not very much niore (To lr Coetisurll 