TH3G HTOOUBJST, Ethel : ' 'When does your breach of promise suit take place, Clara ? ' ' Clara (sobbing) : ' ? I— to- morrow.' Ethel (sympathisingly) : 'lam sorry '? to see you so overcome, Clara, dear.' Clara : ' Oh, it is nothing, Ethel} I am simply practising for the jury! ' So you want to know where the flies come from, do you, Lucullus!. Well, the cyclone makes the house fly, 'the blacksmith makes the fire fly, the carpenter* makes the*aw fly,! the driver makes -the horse fly, the grocer makes the sand fly, the boarder makes the butter fly, and if this is not enough for you, you will have to pursue your future studies in entomology alone. ' Fellow-citizena,' thundered the impassioned orator, bringing his fist down hard on the table, ' 'What, I ask again, is our country coming to-? And echo answers 'What?'' ' Pardon me, sir,' interposed-a mild-looking man in the audience, rising to his feet, ' did I understand your question to be — ' What is our country coming to i7 ' ' Yes, sir.' 'And you say echo answers 'What?'' -' That is what I eaid, sir.' ' Then there's some thing wrong with the acoustics of this building,' said the mild -looking man, shaking his head in a perplexed way and sitting down again. Grannie S ? , a worthy of the old school, had occasion to be at the Manse, and was asked to have tea with the minister and his wife. Her seat was near the end of the table, and not very far from the fire. When done with her first cup, in her own homely way, she threw the sediment in the bottom of her cup into the grate.,- When. about to do it the second time the minister's wife said, '? Grannie, just hand me your cup and I'll empty it in the slop dish ; it's a bother to you throwing 60 far away.' Grannie: 'Bother, it's nae bother ava ; I could fling't as far again, and there's nae use fyhng a guid clean bowl.' . , . . ; . A penguin who observed an Arctic explorer in the act of freezing to death remarked to a very f at auk at her side that it seemed strange1 in these days of refrigerating and ice maehines-that menshouia .travel so far to freeze themselves. 'Not- so strange,' answered the auk ; ? 'they seek the bubble reputation even in the cannon's mouth.' ' But here are no cannon,' returned the penguin. 'Who said there was ?' retorted the auk tartly, as phe dived for a crab, leaving the penguin wrestling with the metaphysical problem. It will be observed that the bird which devoted its mind to* abstract research was the one which went supperless to roost. Business is business. It was a wet day, and Jamie Stoddart could not get out to play. Mrs. Stoddart, who had just cleared away the breakfast things, and was about to commence a big heap of ironing, noticed signs of incipient restlessness in the laddie, and said', 'Now, I hope you'll be a good bey the day, Jammie; I've an awfu' lot o' work to dae, an' I can't have you bothering me.' ' Wull ye gie me a penny if I'm a\rfu' guid a' day lang ?' asked her Bon. ' Mebbel will,' was the reply; 'but would it no' be better to be a guid laddie just to please me?' ' I'm no' sae shanro' that,' answered the laddie, reflectively. ' Ma teacher at the echule says it's aye .better to be guid even for a little, than to be guid-for-naething.' He got that penny. ' Why did you assault this man ? ' was asked -of a prisoner in the Police Court the other morning. 'He hurt my feelings, Judge.' ' In what re ?spect? ' 'Well, I -had pawned my overcoat, socks, and undershirt to get money to -get ont of town, and he came up and charged me with picking hist pocket 'of'. 10,000 dols. in : clear cold cash.' ' Well P ' ' Tbinfcof it, Judge II stood there^ hungry and shivering, and he demanded his' 10,000 dols. back ! Ten thousand dollars ! Why, the most I ever had at any one time was 1 7 dols. ! I suppose I hit him, but how could I help it? Ten thousand dollars ! Wanted me to go down into .my pocket and pull up 10,000 dols. in greenbacks. Great Scott ! but Ihaven'tgotover the feeling yet ! ' Sentence suspended. Some years ago, writes an old observer from Washington, a distinguished Senator of the South was going to make a great speech before his peers in the United States Senate, and that he might properly go down to posterity by his oratorical effort, he employed a phonographic reporter to take down his speech vei'batim to publish to the world. The able Senator in the course of his speech, to show his own honesty, honour, and patriotism in regard to the question before the Senate, resorted to the classics for a quotation, citing the Latin sen tence, Amum Cato, amicus Plato, sed major veritas — ' Cato is my friend, Plato is my friend, but truth is mightier.' The next morning, in the Globe newspaper, this quotation appeared in the Senator's great speech : ' I may cuss Cato, I may cuss Plato, said Major Veritas.' The Her. Dr. Edward Judson tells of a Baptist who had been very sick. The physician had given him some ~ medicine, and told hjm he could go out, but .under no circumstances was he to get wet. The man went out on the farm, and a shower.of rain came up, suddenly. There- was no shelter near, and to save himself he crawled into a hollow log. The action of. the rain caused the log to shrink so ae to endanger his life. He could not move, and, being brought 'face to face with death, the whole of his past life came before him as in a panorama ; he 'remembered the' days of his childhood, 'his entrance upon life, his successes, and his sins ; then he re membered, last ' of all, that when he left home that morning he refused his wife when she asked him for 50 cents for the church, and the thought made him feel so small that he had no difficulty in getting ont. A poor old lady, who lately died, had pre viously asked a friend to giveaway the small objects she had constantly used as souvenirs to those who expressed a wish for such. In an incautious moment the executrix mentioned this, and regretted her indiscretion very soon after. A regular siege was laid, and before long all the rings, brooches, chains, tea services, toilet bottles, and so on, were given away. The people asked for fenders, chairs they had always sat in when calling (a curious way of laying chum to a future memento), and, finally, the climax of absurdity was reached when one mourn ing friend sent a spring cart for a souvenir of the deceased, intimating that she would like it to take the form of a feather bed ! Even a little sense of humour would have prevented her from doing any thing so amusingly greedy. A fender is not pre cisely a sentimental article whereby to remember a dead friend— but a feather bed ! One can almost . fancy it paying, .'.Down J.downJ jpor ghosts !'.- 