MEMORIAL STONE OF THE WESLEYAN SCHOOL. The memorial stone of the additions to the Wesleyan Sunday School building in Forest street was laid yesterday afternoon shortly be- fore four o’clock by the Hon. R. Burrowes, M.L.A., in the presence of about 150 people, including the Revs. Williams, F.L.S., J. A Marsland and D. B. Bridgwood. The proceedings opened by the choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. Miller, with Miss Redpath as organiste, and all those present sing- ing the hymn, commencing, "This stone to thee in faith we lay." The Rev. Mr. Bridgwood then offered up an earnest prayer that much good would result from the work of the church and Sunday School. The Rev. J. A. Marsland then read a psalm, and another hymn being sung. The Rev. W. Williams gave a short address. He stated that they had assembled to witness the laying of the memorial stone of additions to a school wherein much praiseworthy work had been done. For a long time past they had urgently required more accommodation, and now substantial and valuable additions were being made. They would be of an architectural quality, suitable to the imposing church build- ing that stood beside the school. The addi- tions, which would afford greater facilities for the instruction of the young, would contain three rooms, a spacious hall in the centre leading to the door. One of the rooms would be 30ft long and 20ft wide, whilst the two others on the opposite side would each be half that size. The two latter would be used principally for class rooms, and the large one for the infants. The facade would be in keeping with the importance of the work. The cost would reach about L600. Of this, however, nearly L300 was to hand, so that the remain- ing L300 would have to be carried for- ward as a debt, but which he was sure would not be complained of by those who would be called upon to subscribe a little extra to pay the interest. (Hear, hear.) In the cavity be- neath the memorial stone were copies of the three daily papers—The Bendigo Independent, Advertiser and Evening News, and the follow- ing statement written on parchment : — "This memorial stone of the extension of the Wesleyan Sunday School, Forest-street, is laid this day, 28th January, 1891, by the Hon. Robert Borrowes, M.L.A. The reigning sovereign is Her Gracious Majesty Queen Vic- toria. The Governor of the colony is His Ex- cellency the Earl of Hopetoun, K.C.M.G. The Premier is the Hon. James Munro, M.L.A. The Sandhurst constituency is represented in the legislative Assembly by the Hon. Robert Burrowes and A. Bailey, Esq., and the Northern Province representatives in the Legislative Council are the Hons. J. H. Abbott, F. Illing- worth, George Simmie and W. I. Winter-Irving. The President of the General Conference of the Australasian Wesleyan Church is the Rev. W. Kelynack, D. D., and the President of the Vic- toria and Tasmania Conference is the Rev. E. Wason Fye. The ministers of the Sand- hurst Circuit are the Revs. W. Williams, F.L.S., J. A. Marsland, D. B. Bidg- wood and S. Scholes. The trustees are Messrs. Perry, J.P., W. Budden, secretary; J. Stevenson, treasurer; J. M. Harcourt, J.P., W. Hutchens, J. B. Edwards, E. H. Watts and J. G. Stanfield. The officers of the Sunday School are: —Superintendent, Mr. J. Thomas; secretaries, Messrs. J. Miller and G. S Rule; librarians, Messrs. J. Webster and L. Thomas; treasurer, Mr. C. Perry, J.P. The architect of the building are Messrs. W. Beebe and Son, and the contractors are Messrs. J. D. Reeves and Sons." After the singing of another hymn, Mr. Williams requested the Hon. R. Burrowes to lay the foundation stone, and presented him with a silver trowel, selected from the stock of Mr. J. B. Edwards. Upon the face of the trowel was engraved the words "Presented to the Hon. Robert Burrowes, M.L.A, on the occasion of his laying the memorial stone of the additions to the Wesleyan schoolroom, Forest-street, Sandhurst, January 28th, 1891." Mr. Burrowes upon coming forward was re- ceived with applause. He thanked them for the great honor they had done him in request- ing him to lay the memorial stone, and said it afforded him the greatest pleasure to comply with their request. He then declared the stone well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, and in the hope that the erection of the building would be beneficial both to this and other generations to follow. Their efforts to raise a building worthy of its position was quite appreciated by him. There was no institution, in those colonies at least, that was so commendably and important as the Sunday school in the education of the young, in consequence of the instruction given by the State being of a secular character. (Hear, hear.) Jt therefore devolved upon every parent in the community to give spiritual instruction in the homes and assist its being given in the Sunday schools. The greater the instruction imparted in the Sunday schools the greater would be the reward hereafter. He wished to inform the young people that the greatest men in either the political sphere or commercial circle were those who had received in their youthful days instruc- tion in a Sunday school. The Sunday schools now offered the only chance—outside that of the home —of instructing young people in religion. In the early days of those grown-up people who stood around it was otherwise, but in the wisdom of the legislature of this colony it was thought that to make State edu- cation purely secular would be a most advisable thing. People, however, needed more than a commercial education to be given to their chil- dren. They wanted their children taught as they had been taught in their own childhood's days. He would never forget what he had learned at the Sunday school, and the valuable lessons had not left him. He was pleased to see that they had taken an early step in allay- ing the inconvenience which was felt by insuffi- cient room, and they would now have as much room as any other sect in the district. It would please him to see the other sects also furthering the good work. It was a regrettable thing to see such a very large number of young people walking about the streets on Sundays, both afternoon and night, who never attend a Sunday school or church. He knew of no country where spiritual instruction of the young was more needed than in Australia, and every effort should therefore be put forth to wipe off that stain. He concluded by stating that monetary help was needed. (Applause.) Mr. C. Parry moved, and Mr. Harcourt seconded, and it was carried with acclamation, that Mr. Burrowes be heartily thanked for his presence and assistance. The proceedings closed with a hymn, a col- lection and the benediction. During the proceedings, Mr. Williams an- nounced that the superintendent of the Sunday school (Mr. Jas. Thomas) was unable to be present. The memorial stone bore the inscrip- tion, "This memorial stone was laid by the Hon. Robert Burrowes, M.L.A.," and will be in a position under a large triple window, whilst another stone bearing the date will be placed under the other window. The stones were the gift of the architects, Messrs. Beebe and Son. 