BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. {From our Exdianget.) It hos been generally understood that the Rev. Arthur Bell Nicholls, the busband of Charlotte Bronte, was dead. But this is not so. Mr. Nicholls, the Bookman says, has been long resident in Ireland, and still occa- sionally preaches. He has maintained a resolute and honourable silence on the ro- mance of his life. Some years ago thc Rev. Mr. Baxter, of prophetic fame, used to deliver a lecture in which he predicted that the end of the world would take place in 1901, and that General Boulanger, who would then be at the very height of his power, would be the Anti-Christ foretold in tho Apocalypse. Since the death of Boulanger nothing of this particular point bas been heard from Mr. Baxter. The special correspondent ot the Johannes- burg" Star, writing from Mashdnaland, says : -The lions kept Lord Randolph Churchill tucked up one night, and everyone kept tight in his waggon or spider, as the case might bc On one of the shooting trips Leo shot a lioness out of a troop of seven. It is not every real live lord who sees lions shot. He was wise, and stack to his horse and let Lee blaze away. Like " Ikey," he " hadn't lost no lions, and wasn't goin' to look for none." Anderson's Medical College, Glasgow, was opened on Tuesday afternoon with *n address by Professor Watson, who took for his subject "The Organisation of the Medical Profes- sion," Tiie State, he said, maintained an army to kill. Might it not maintain an army to cure ? He suggested that there ought to be a great Department of Health, imme- diately under state control, with a Minister of Health and a vast organisation under Mm, and in which each moniber of the profession would have his appointed rank and sphere of action as in the army. A Washington correspondent of the New York Sun states that the United States Government hos induced both Germany and France to agree to lower tho import duties on maize to a very trifling rate in view of the failure of the Continental haryeata. When the arrangements were privately entered anon it is said that the wheat crop in the United States was expected to yield-a surplus for export of only some 150,000 bushels ; out now it is officially estimated at four times that amount, or even more according to other authorities. Tho result necessarily will be seriously to check the Buropeau demand for American wheat and rye, and that at a time when the American granaries are overflowing. The typical Yankee face has found au en- thusiastic admirer in Mr. Millet, the well known American artist. His country, in his opinion, possesses not only a distinct type of feminine beauty, distinguished for symmetry and refinement, butalso a strongly accentuated masculine type, full of character and picturesqueness. The first thing that strikes the observant eye of an American who, after a season abroad, returns to his country sensi- tive to fresh impressions of his native land, is, he assures us, " the peculiar, nervous, high strung, keen type of face, which has in it great elements of beauty, prominent marks of character, and an accentuation of lines which are particularly fascinating to the painter." The immortalisation of thia type is, in Mr. Millet's opinion, a task, which may well fire the ambition of any artist. A terrible panic occurred the other night in thc picturesque southern town of Beancaire, Immortalised by Tartarin de Tarascón. A herd of wild cattle escaped from tho ground at Bellegarde, where they were tied np, and ran riot through the town. The animals overturned the chairs and tables outside cafés, gored one of the oldest inhabitants of Beaucaire, named Meissonier, nearly to death, upset a milkwoman with her pans, knocked down a toreador who attempted to lasso them, and would have ripped his chest open had he not received assistance in the nick of time. An exceptionally savage bull impaled a citizen on its horns, and carried him on its head through a street until the man waa disengaged. It is said that the animals were let loose designedly by one of the Bellegarde people, who wanted to play; off a rough practical joke of tho kind peculiar to the Southerner on his neighbours in Beaucaire. In any case, tho temporarily emancipated animais had some revenge on those.who are fond of seeing.them badgered, baited,, and hacked to pieces at the local bull fights, s In the Sheriffs Court at Artern, in Ger- many, one FritBche, a shoemaker by trade, was summoned last week by on apothecary for advertising a medicine for sale, he being an unlicensed person. The following ensued : -The Judge : You are charged with having advertised for sale in the weekly journals a certain process, for the cure of corns without possessing tbe necessary legal qualifications. Is that so ?-Shoemaker Fritadle (em- phatically) : No.-The Judge : But you have advertised the remedy iu the papers. Fritsche: Yes. That is quite true. Your Honour will observe I simply state in my advertisements I possess auch a remedy, not that I have it for sale. I have, no specifio for sale apart from the good workmanship and perfect fit of my boots, which I, with due humility, recommend to your Honour and the public.-The Judge was satisfied with the ex- planation offered by the accused, and he was discharged. Fritsche left the justice chamber amid some signB of merriment from the Bench and crowded court. It ia not often that a pawnbroker over- estimates, or rather over-pays, the value of a pledge. Still less likely is it to happen when the pawnbroker is the State. Tho governors of the Mont de Piété have found themselves possessed of an extraordinary stock of meer- schaum pipes. They had been pledged at the different shops all about thc same time, and had in no case been redeemed. The circum- stances looked suspicious. Some wholesale robbery was feared, and the police were called in. When the next pipe was presented the pledger was detained, and the police inquiry commenced. Tho prisoner told a very simple story. He said bc was a polisher, by trade, and that he bought wholesale little blocks of flawed meerschaum, polished them, and made them up into pipes. They cost him on an average H franc. The Mont de Pieté ad- vanced him 3 francs, and he sold thc pawn ticket for 2 francs. Tims on each sale he was 3J francs to tho good. The inquiries of the police only corroborated his story, and the prisoner was discharged. But the authorities arc now most anxious to lay the ghost they have themselves raised. It seems they have thousands of these pipes in stock-so many that there is to be a special auction for the sale of them. In the diaries of the late Mr. Cope, R.A., published by Bentley and Son, the following story is given us told by his sister-in-law. " She met a farmer friend, and Baid to him, 11 hear, John, that you're lately married ; who is your wife ?' ' weel, Miss Benning, I doant quite know.' 'How BO! Where did you meet with her!' 'Awed, ye see, miss, I went t' market, and as I was going I seed a canny lass wal king alone t' roan, and I says, ' Will ye get oop and ride !' '.Ay,' says she. So she gat oop, and I asked her, 1 Are ye ganging to t market? 'Ay,' says she. ' What for ?' says I. 'To git a pl aaec,' says alie. ' So I aet her down t' t' market, and loft her; and as I coin' back i' I' evening there waa the Bamc lass warking t' saame way oop bill. So I spak' to her again, and axed her, ' Ha' ye gotten yer plaace ! ' Nay,' say« she, ' I hanna.' ' Will ye get oop and ride V ' Ay,' says she. So she got oop, and I axed her, ' D'ye think my plaace would suit ye !' ' What place is that?' says she. ' Why to be my wife,' says L 'Idoan't mind,1 says she. So we got wed, and she's a rare good wife, but she's a perfect straanger to me. ' During an inquest at Andover on a railway guard, in the employ of the Midland and South-western Junction Railway, it transpired that he had been at work from ten minutes to 5 a,m. on the ISth October till a quarter-past 3 a.m. on the following morniug, when he sustained the injuries that proved fatal. It was shown by a Cheltenham tradesman, who travelled in the deceased's van from Swindon to Weyhill, that he seemed thoroughly jaded and disinclined to converse. On arriving at Weyhill he began to assist in the shunting. He was seen to go towardB the brake, and two minutes later was found caught in the handle and crushed to death. Mr. W. E. L. Browne, coroner for North Wilts, and one of tbe directors of the company, said he con- sidered that deceased was quite equal to the work he was doing, and ho had always appeared strong and active. Other servants were doing equal work, owing to exceptional circumstances. In conclusion, he said ne did not consider twenty-four hours' continuous duty would impair the guard's faculties so as to render him incapable of recognising danger. The jury decided that death was accidental, and censured the company for working a man until he was unfit to carry out his duties. 