Iibcal and Generai News, Sfu Xfenry Parrkee on 19tfr inst, paid a visit to his sister at Faolconbridge, Sho is- now in hot 81st yearf and though ailing in body her mind contfnnos to bo wondorfiilly clear and to exhibit all the keonfiess aftd strongth , thai have always been prominent features- of her WenM powers1.- She has aft attendant who has been with her now for 55 years find Jo- herseM ever 70 years- old1, TjiEl 08803- through the recent ffootfs iii Spuin aro estimated at several millions- sterlings 'JfHE (Jno'ort Eegene'of ^prtin has given over the Royal Palace, ii£ Aranguc*/ to thersuffeTOTB- th-fcwgn the flood's. TF/o i-ivers Tangus and Gualdalcniivir liaVo' oveifrowod' and 100,000 persons have been rendered homeless. Eibta have occurecj irr thfe innrtdatod1 districts^ $1, JXsques, tie Fren-ch fasting man, nas succeasfulry comploted his self imposed (SuhIc of fasBin'g for 50 days at the* Westminster Aquariiiro. Several hayst'acfes bolonging tio Mr. J-- Flannigfnv, of Quflbarf near £Eayr fiaver boon destroyed by firo.- T-bey contuiiied over 100 tons of hay, T»e Queensland Government have issued a |iiocl«mntioiV offering rewards for the discovery of goldfield's upon Crown lands within the colony of Queensland, The following are the particulars :— For the discovery of a cjoldGcld from which not less than: 25-,000oz, have been produced within ono' year from the d'»te of tbo discovery, and which at the expiration of that time' ordinarily sustains a population of not less than 50 C persons, £1250, For She'discovery of a golilfiold from which not tesa thaw C0,000ozr have been (iroduced within two years frmn ths date of tho disco-very, and which at the expiration of that time ordinarily Bunta-ins a population of not less than 1000 persona, £2500. For the dis covery of a gold fit' kl from which not less lOQ.OOOoz. luivo been produced within th ree' yen »» from tho date of the diH covery, and which at tho expiration of thut time ordinarily sustains a popufa* tion of not less than 2000 persons, £SOQ0. For tbo discovery of a gold field from which not less than 200,000oz have been produced within four years from the date of the discovery, nnd which at the expiration of that time ordinarily sustains a population of not leas than 4000 persons, £10,000. A' number of conditions are giren regard ing the meaning of a discovery, the simultaneous discovery by two or more parlies and other matters. Cbiep Justice Wny, of South Aus tralia, who is at present on a visit to Eng'and, has presented the trustees of flip RiI.Ia rHirtttrinn r^itUnrrn «iP !4l.«\\.liuur in the county of Devon, with a 60s. farm, to be nsed in connection with the college. Tho land-is worth £2,000 and Chief JiiBtice Way has boen warmly thanked for his generous gift. Piivlloxhua is spreading to an alarming extent amongst the vines in Southern Russia, The vineyurdn in the Ciiniea aro hopelessly ruined by tho pest. His Holiness the Pope, in an ency ctieui recently issued, counsels the working cTiissos of Europe, America and tho colonies to avoid socialism, and not to attempt to solve tho social prot' lem which 13 agitating the world apart from- the ehrrrch, ' A tebrifio hailstorm occurred near tho city of Rorae, in Italy, on 17th inst. Some of the Fmllstones weighed ff|oz\ A number of cattle, ns well. as several parsons', were killed, A heavy catalogue, mostly consist ing of inforior souts, was presented1 at the London wool' sales on 1 9th inat. T&e; ma-rliet was; depressed except for best lots. ; 2n various parts of New Zealand the ; labour councils are urging the CFoveFn nient to call1 ltvbour representatives to tho Upper House. i InsREGBon. Smith* and1 Mr;. Ei-odfe, ono of the auditors of the public ac counts, arrived on .Thursday week last by train. Tho reason of their visit is 'in connection with tho case of Robert Duncan Mouritz, which.. wn» heard on 1 21 at inst.,, the former coming to proae lento on behalf of the Crown, and the latter to give, evidence for tho prosecu tion. Accused, ohargec^ with embezzle menfc, was brought np-ori'remand'bofore Mr. W.' Elliott, J.P.,.and was further remanded, for eight days. The accused askedVfor bail' to Ke allowed.' Bail allowed, accused in £200,, and- two aurotiea of- £l-00.. Mouritz, Biuce his [arrival here, seems to-be-gaining health; ? Whon'ha- arrived hero ho, was unable i to walk without tlie aid of onitchus, uu& jiuw nu Hirauia bu- uu uuju iu ^uc 'along without tliem; Ho is also putting ou flenh,.but is still' under treatment of tbo Government medical! officer.. His case, or rather tho- three charges under i which he- will'; bo tried, will probably Mast alii day, as tllere- willi be over half a-dozon witnesses cnllpd! fop oach'icaao. — 'Jbrildorie Heraldi'' IsraMiDATioN-- Cases ik Qoeenskasb. — AtBI.ioknll, on 22lid inst., in tho {cases of intimidation at Derrick one defendant was* fined! £10* with- £26 Scnsls, and tKo otllop was- disoharged. jAUHough'tlio aheai'ihgat Terrick was {retarded! it haa- nott beoni stopped,, and imattera'are-now quieK. - 1 To; CimE Skip tliBEABESi — Siilbholhe, 'Lotion qjilck'y drives awoy Kruptionsj Pim ples,. Blotches,, Kedhoos, Kcioma,. A'cne, DisGgnrements: Koughnos and- Scurii &c;, leaving a'olear; opotless. Sk|n- and' beautiful ' ?Coinplexion.' 'StilhJibHn'o i i»- a ncceaoity for' the Skin', especially in Hot climates.'. Stade . n-Londono. Sold every whortv KEFOittff during the early part of the week from the districts round are to the effect that young grasshoppers arc beginning tcr pnt in an appearance again in myrinds. tTnfortunately tho rumors arc only too true, for outside of tho town thoy aro to bo seen in countless millions-, having Just appeared froH* whoro tho eggs were deposited by tfiff pssts last year. Now. ia tho tide for the cultivation of .the farfespnr to hog?n. It ia- fine growing weather,. and if the insects would only forego for ia short timer gorping themselves on the lnxtfriant blades of- grass- and tako to the larkspur plant, we' might have reasonable' ground* ' for hoping they would give up the ghost. But the questioi* is, which do they prefor?^— 'Jorilcfovie Herald,' Mk. 'W.- Alston, who has recently .retarnetf from the other side of Ivanhoo informs as that he did not see a single grasshopper on (She raid. This should tend to allay some of the apprehension eatfaecf by tbo report recently published by us of ths- prosencB of the grass hoppora in the immediate vicinity of Hay. — 'Grazier.'' ' TilE* rousefthoots nt Peremey fwve struck for an increase of wages from 22s etf to 25s per week. As the manager declinod to concede their de mands they left tho station, Tho men are members of tho General Labourers' IJnion, Stock Movements. — At Swan Hill oft T«Rsday week last 100 fat cattle from Chah Sing, were trucked to Messrs Aithur S, King and Co., Melbourne,, and on Thursday 60 trucks of fat wethers from Topar and Gol Gol Stations were consigned to MeBsra, E. Tronchard and Co. This is the largest consignment that has yet been dis patched by rail from Swan Hill, Tho above sRoek were trucked by Rue, Everingham and Co., who also for ward 3,000 fut wethers- from Gurfipnug to Messrs Trenchard and Co., on the following day ; 4,000 fat sheop from near Ivanfroe, crossed on 17th inst, and 1,500 of them wero trucked to Bcndigo and Melbourne, the? rest proceeding by road to Kerang, James, owner, Garner in charge. Tug ravages committed in the Riverina district last year by locusts led tho Minister for Agricaltnrer (Mr, Sydney Smith) to initiate a series of observations, for the purpose ot devising some means of checking tho pest, and considerable amount of information was obtained. It appears that locusts are again making their) npppaiance, and, appreciating the gravity of the case, the Minister Ima despatched Mr. A. M. Lea, the departmental collector, to Hny, in order thut he may continue, last year's observation^ in the hope of BOiue.nu ano being devised to minimise the. effects of tho approaching visit ation. For those wanting cattle at Swan Hill, a very favorable opportunity jpre sentu itself, as Messrs Run, Everingiiam and Co. will sell by public auction to morrow (Thursday) 200 head of cattle comprising steers, heifers, milking cows, etc. The same firm will also sell on ?Saturday, Uctouer ll/lli, 3l» acres ol land situated within the Swan Hill irrigation area, and adjoining the well' known selections of Messrs, Barton, Hobson, and Hastings', 