The Picture of Bad Luck T [By ' Smimir.'] [Author o£ ' Wamlei ings oC .1 Simple Child,' ' On the Bairicr,' ' P.utnois,' 'Big Dick's Mate,' &c;, &c;] (Specially Written for the ',? 'National Advocate.') . CllM'TEU VIII.' ' ' ' mo jur. ' What's the name of the trooper she's struck upon 1 ' ' Bolster. Why 7 ' 'Only that iE I get within range of him at any time when they arc hunting me dowrij I'll send ah ounce of lend into Viim .' ' Dont-you be a fool. .You've- got a. chance now ;. you have money in your ipocket, a good horse, and you know the back country well. You can bolt into Queensland and niiikc your way down the coast and ship for America; and the hunt wiil soon cool down after a little while ; but if you shoot the officer you'll not. have a hundred to one show show of getting clean away, for they never leave off hunting where there's blood spilt.' 'All right, I'm off; but if Bolster 'comes my way he'll find that the .'Picture of Bad Luck' has brought him. nq ;good. She has ruined my life, and now I'll skip. Good-bye, my 'ST»TitnR chum. ? and I'll never for get you nor this night's work.' And then he jumped nimbly into the saddle and rode away like a ghost in the night light. 'The Unknown' smoked his .pipe in silence for some little time, and then once more he threw ; his legs over Jim . Wilkinson's hack and ambled back to the hotel. He had not off-saddled when the lean, mail driver joined him and asked in a low voice — - ' Well, lad, did you strike a good patch?' ; ,' Yes, Jim.' ' Has lie gone ?' ' ''Making tracks for the borders of Queensland; now, 'and. he's well mounted, too, and knows every inch of the country perfectly. : IE it weren't for the niggers I'd betiten.to one they've seen the last of Mick Graham.' ' 'Are you going to camp inside or out ?' . ' Out here in the open. I've got my blankets, an' now I'll coil up. Goin' inside yourself?' '/ ':3S[6|; ?I*1I si* out here an'smoke an! waixsh the ' Picture ' start on '-her Judas .errand,, and so they remained — the American sleeping like a child, wrapped in-his blue blankets, and the Australian sitting on a gin case smoking beside him,- until a light footfall roused them bothv for the sleeping man stirred almost as rapidly as the smoker for his ears had acted, sentinel over his life so often that sleep did not seem to dull them to any great extent. It was dawn now, and both recognised the 'Picture ' arrayed in her riding.' habit. ' She was not sur prised to see the two adventurers there for men came and went much as they liked, fit the ' Picture's ' abode. ' 'Mornin,' Jim— mornin' my American friend.' ' Nice mornin' for quiet ride through, the hills Miss.?' . . ' Yes, I like lonely, rides.' ' Don|t want. any company :I expect?' 'No, thanks.' ; ? 'Here's your horse;: the; blaelt! boy seems pretty lively this1 morning.' ' !. ;, 'Lift me up, Jim ?' ,. , , . ' ; ?? ; Big Jim put his hand under her foot and she went tip into the saddle' like: a feather, and as he ? adjusted her habit-he talked-. 'with her as he had never done before, knowing that moments meant a lot to the fugitive galloping for liberty away out over the salt bush plains, riding, as the crow flies for the untrodden wilds of the Queens land bush. The 'Picture' felt her veins fill with the old insatiable longing as the- great frame of the back country genius rested against her as she eat there swaying, to and fro in the saddle, and she bent and pressed her rich red lips to his broad, high forehead, but she was puzzled when he remarked, with one of his old, quizzical, sarcastic smiles, ' There's nothing new under the sun, pretty . one ; even Judas knew the efficacy of a kiss.' Then she became angry, and, digging her steel-shod heel sharply into her mare's flanks, she sped' out in the da^yning on her errand of cruelty,- treachery and deceit ; and she had rot gone far before the troopers and the black trackers, came up. and began saddling their horses, and before many minutes were over they too. cantered off, a black tracker in the lead riding in the ' Picture's ' track as straight and true as if it had been a paved andmetalled highway. , . ?...,.?: CHAPTER IX. . ' ' ? ASHTORATK. SMITH. ' Good-bye, boys ! I've had a real good time since I've been with you, and sha'n't . soon forget the Dandenong Mountains nor the gold diggers' camp. I've - been looking for a friend, as I told you, an1 American, and as he don't appear .''to be in these parts, and I know he's not in Melbourne, for I've had good men.. at work there hunting for him, I mean to; hunt for him in Sydney City. I may drop across him there, or get on to- his tracks. One thing is certain— I must find him before I peg out if it takes me ten years, or twenty.' The little stage-coach run by Cobb and Co. pulled up, and Ashtorath Smith, having rung the hand of every digger in the camp, climbed up to the seat next to the driver. There was a yell from Jehu, a cracking of strap thongs, a frantic cheer from the miners, and in a few seconds a cloud of dust on the track was all that there was in view y to remind the boys that anything -. unusual had happened. / (To be continvs.d.) :- An eminent barrister has divided wit nesses into three classes — 'liars, d ? liars, and experts.' It would be interest ing to have his classification of barristers. An Amorican paper is devoting much space to articles on ' Journals that Live.' A further one stating how they live would make an acceptable sequel. 