LADY CHETTYIND.S 3 SPECTRE,. 1 CHAPTER LI. BISBE- BTARTLES LORD CHETWYND 'No- yoe, Upon the evening after our dinner party, as Lady Ohetwynd and Istoodin her boudoir,' replied the um.rquis, 'the ornaments upon my watch chain becameentangled in the lace ou the inner side of her sleeve. Our attempts to detach the ornaments resulici in a rant in the lacI-an odd little z.gzaging reni-which Fifine.Lady Obetwynd's French maid, repaired th, next day. I hbve zaever thought ol the incident since unutl now your que. tion recallsil.' 'We can soon prove then, if this b, her ladyship's gown,' said Bisset. *Jookl', . . He displayed the inner side of both sleeves. Lord Ohetwynd examined both and uttered a strange cry,starting back. Ho had found the little rent he had described,but eo carefully darned as to be imperceptible save to the cloest scrutoy. . Bisset and Mr Tempest examined itnarrowly. 'This is incredible,' said the explor, er, in a sudden agitation. 'Are we to onderstand that this is actually an(! truely Lady )hetwynd's burial gownl' 'it is proved by his lordship to have been Lady Ohetwynd's rob, wore on her first evening in thisl house,' said Bisset. 'But it is not yet proved to have beei the gown in which she wa buried.' 'But it is the same, declared the marquis, 'the very same. She was buried in this gown-I'll swar to it. She looked in her cofi lika abride She had no other white ailk gown cat Iquareat the neck, and with sleeves fke thot, . Ask Mis Mnk. Sh will tell you. 'Lot us' ot drag Miui Mink into this busineu of investigaing, my lord;'sid Bisset. I prefer to keep Mis Monk in ignorance of oar movments. Is there no other person who can identify the gownT 'lady Ohetwynd's French maid, Fine. She lives in London. I have her address somewhere. i 'Very well. We will apply in due time to Mademoiselle Fife, 'declared Bisset. 'Bat to go on with our work ebre, You lordship has proved con cluively that tkis gown belonged to Lady Ohetwyad: Your lordship be lieves this gown to have bees her lady. phip'i brialrobe. Youwill be shocked, my lord;at my next proposal, but a moments reflection will assure you of ts propriety. I desire in your lord ship's presence and the presence of ,our distinguished guest,Mr Tempestr to open Lady Chetwynd's cofin.' Lord Ohetwynd started. bhe idea peemed sacrilegious, His stern agitated c« eaPreswd hil rMiMil, The explorer looked scarcely less agitated and amazed. 'This is a most singular pro posal, Mr Bisset., said Tempest; endeavouring to recover himself. 'Why should you seek to disturb the remains of the dead? I cannot wonder that Lord Chetrwynd refuse to grant your resquest. I 'iink Inever heard so strange a proposal in my life. 'But these are strange circumstances in: which we find ourselves, sir,' said Bisset respectfully. 'There is a fair share of probability that this gown I was worn by Lady Olietwynd in her coffin. How, thcls,did it come oant 1I is for us ascertain.' 'No,uo,'said Ohetwynd,hrokenly.[ may have been mistaken in some way after all. Of course, my wife could have not been buried in this robe and it b here. 'But why of course my lord?' de.' mended Bisset.'I tell you sir,you are standing upon the threshold of mystery so deep that I dare not yet declare to you all my suspicions. What shall I I say to you, and not betray too much? Have you never heard of people being buried in trances! Have you never heard of cases of suspended animation? Why I hould not Lady Ohetwyndhave been the victim of some catalepsyl Suppose the was buried in a trance-suppose that' I some one, tempted by the idea that I her ladyship wore jewels in her coffinu broke it open to rob her--suppese being in a trance, she had revived 'Oh great heavens, cried Ohetwynd, 'why do you thus torture m.l My poor wife is dead, heaven help ui!' But suppose 'she is not 1 continued' Bisset, his cool keen eyes kindling with strange fire. Such things have happen i as burial of bodies that were wrapped in trance, and not dead--' 'But she was dead-my wife,my dar ling] She lay for six days in state. The doctors said that she *as deadmy ( poor,lods Bernicel Why do you harrow up my soul in that mannerd cried :he young.lord pale with anguish.'I tell you t that she was dead.. Oh,haven,to think of. her lying :alive in her coffin I in that vault, while I was weeping for her in our deserted room at home, I shall see the awful picture while I t live. I shall fancy her struggling calling to me, Oh merciful heaven! I Bisset I cannot forgive you. 'Pardon, my lord, but the fact re-1 mains,' said Biuset irmly, 'It is impossible that Lady Uh.twynd was buried while sa a state of saupeaded animation,' !It is, ac possible,' cried Tempest in an agony. 'How can it beh She was not buried for six days.' 'There are "well a theaticated ins stance where animation was suspended for a week,os even so long as ten days,' 'But she was dead, I tell you,' said LordOhetwynd, brokenly. 'Abh there was no mistake in that fact. She died of fever contracted in the cottage of a poor tenant. She knew that she was. dying, She bade me good-bye. And when she had died her eyes became sunken, and the look that the dead have mantled her face. There was a strange blueness about the poor pinched face He broke down sobbing. Bisset started eagerly. 'A blueness, my lordl' he ejaculated 'For heaven's sake go on. Did this blueness settle most heavily under herl eyes and about her mouthl' 'Yes, yes. It changed her, g'ving her a ghastliness that haunts me still.' Bisset communed with, himself for some moments. Evidently Chetwynd words had produced a vivid impression upon him. At last he spoke-.? 'My lord, you words but confirm moy de..r. to look wi'tin Lady Ohet wynd's coffin. Th. re is a etate of trance characterized by the pecaliar' blueness of visage you have described. I can not tell }au more yet, but before heaven I swear I will thrill you with horror. I believe that Lady 'Uhet.. wynd was in a trance when she was buried.' Chetwynd reeled, his broozed, noble face becoming ghastly white. 'Ah! Whati he gasped. Youn believe that she-my wife-my little Bernice -died there in her coffin, while I was weeping and mourning for her hers.' 'No, no. You do not compre hend me entirely. She 'was buried alshe-' Tempest echoed the words with an anguished groan: Ohetwynd put up his hands as to ward off a blow. He could not speak.' 'I repeat,' said Bissetand the flicker ,ng caedle light fell upon his earnest. face, 'that Lady Chetwyd,in my opin. eon, was buried alive. I believe that for purpose of greed or other purposes she was resoled from her tomb 'Rescued!' cried Ohetwynd in a quick hollow whisper. 'Whether she arse from her coffin in her right mind or not, I cannot yet determine,' pursued lieset; 'but that she arose from her coffin 1 am fully persuaded. I believe that bshe lives Ohetwynd retreated to the wall. He seemed to be abont to faint, but hii blue eyes burned with a gild and awful fire, and the gkastliness of his face deepened. 'Shall I go ou as ked Biaet,with an I anxious glance at the marquis. 'I Sbelieve that Lady Ohetwynd hvess, I Sbelieve that it was your own wife you Shave seen so repeatedly, my lord. I |believe that Lady Obetwynd's epeotre ]is Lady Chetwynd's livig sOelf,' OHAPTER LII. xON. STILL AHEAD, \- The words of Bisset, as he thus stated I his belief in the continued existence of Lady Ohetwynd, burned like coalsinto the hearts of the two listeners. Both a Ohetwynd and Tempest stood like d statues, motionless,dorab frosen in an awful borror, Th words of the officer seemed wild and heartless. Tem peis was conscious of a dull, vague aen timent of resentment against him, but Ohet.vyod was'daz.d and Incapable of thought. Ghastly, and wild, and while, he looked like one stricken with death. . He did not faint nor fall. His breath ing was steriorus, like one in an apoe. pl.xy. Tempest iroused from his own stupor, to regard his hoat in a sudden terror. H"+ sprung towards him, put ting h s arms round him and supporting hium t nderly. 'Sperk to me my, lord,' cried .the explorer,' speak to me! Only let me hear your voice'. Great heavens he is ill!' Obetwynd moved feebly, end the awful ghastliness began to. give place to returning colour in his face. Gradually his sense gathered back their strength--gradually the sound of ring. ing in. his ears and blindners of vision ceased He drew a long, sobb bing sigh, and withdrew himself gently from Tempest's support. 'My lord, ought we not to descend tothe lower roomser asked ITiopest anxiously. 'This has been too much for you. You leak ill.' 'I am better now,' said the marquis in a voice scarcely to be recognized as his awn. "I wassovercome for a' mo ment. 'What was it you were saying, \lr Bisset? Ab I reoember now,, You were saying that-that you ;believed my mysterious visitor, with Bernice's eyes to he Bernice herself, living.' :Yes, I said so, my lord,and Irepeat my assertion. - ' . " 'It is preposterous,' said Tempest, ,'it is wicked. 'I have said words here to-night my lord,'said Bisset in his firm,clear tones, 'that will haunt your lordship to your dying day, unless you comply with my demand. The vision of your wife, coffin will Le present with you, walking' and sleeping. You will ask yourself, in the long and lonely night, whether that coffin be empty or' no.' 'You will ask yourself whether the form of your young'bride has mouldered to dust, or whether she wanders, demented,nn cared for, somewhere about the great evil, wolfish world. Unless you iearch he: coffin demons of doubt and fear will make you miserable. The bare possi bility that my words are true will ever and ever recur to you. Yonu will never be rid of 'a secret terror- 'Mr Bisset,' interposed Tempest; 'I protest;agsinst this harrowing up of his lordship's soul. He cannot bear it.nor can I ' 'And more,' persisted the detective unheeding the in erruption, my lord you will'not dare to marry Miss Monk while's doubt remains of your wife's 'Mr Bisset,' again exclaimed Tem-' pest agrily, 'I must agagin protest-' 'Hush, my friend,' said oard Ohet. wynd, 'Bisset is right. After what he has said here to-night- preposterous as it seeme- 1 shall never know a minute's peace,dsy or night,until Ihave examined,my poor wife's coffin. I know not what to think. Of course my wife is dead in' truth; -but I cannot rest until I knoe' that her bones lie in her coein in yonder parish vault. I must know thisveryeight- within;this hour. Mr Bisset will, I know,accompany me Mr Tempest,will you go also?' a The explorer bowed assent. Indeed he longed with a feverish anxiety to prove whether Bernice were alive or not.' The doubt so ingeniously insinuated lby Bisect rankled in his soul like, a ,word thrust. 'We will go now,'said Bisset prompt ly. 'Our researches here are ended. omel' lie gathered the silken robe, all stained, and frayed,'and yellowed and wrinkled, as it was across his arm,and led the way from the attics to the lower loor. Upon the third' floor they halted to listen.' 'We must be on our guard,' said Bisset in a whisper. 'I do not wish Mr or Miss Monk to become aware of our proceedmgs. It is well .to be as secret as possible in a case like this.' " ' The three men 'moved cautiously towards the stair. As they halted a' moment near the landing listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared above the level of the floor, as Monk came up the stair, as here tofore described. 'We have said that Monk was struck at.the first glance, by the countenance of the three men whom he thus met face to face, and that he stood aghast 'at the sight of the burden one of the three men bore. . That burden was the silk gown in which Bernice hadjio suncceisfuly p'ayid the part of spectre,aud it was stitliuig across the arm of the detective officer. Monk stared steechless. 'He coal. prehended the scene at a glance. He had not calculated that the robe of Bernice would be found,yet ino his amazemtnt his desperate courage did no forsake him. 'H what have you there' he asked, tindiaghis voicenuder thekeen sicruioy . f Mr Bisset. 'The spectre,s gown, I11 rut a guinea. Have 'you found. the spectre herself in proprioa yersona 'No Gilbart, said LiordObhetwynd, 'but we have found evidence that the mysterious girl, whoever she may be has inhabited an attic in this house fdr days and weeks., eIndeed,said Monk cooll. I ?ohuldn't have slept so sound of nights if I had auspeoted that. for to ' tell. the truth, I flancy the creature' is de m inted.' Obetwynd started at this opinion whioh tallied so well with the theory given by Bisset. 'We hrve made other discoverje5 also, Mr Monk,' said Bisest eying Monk sharply, 'We found footprints in the dust of the attic Bfloor I measured them, and have come to some valuable c?ncloaionn, 95196 *** 'i keep my conclusions to , eshanre the glory of my, final announcement,' declared Bisset,with exasperating in difference. We shall see what we shall see. But permit us now to pass, Mr Monk.' Monk bowed courteously; and stood aside until the 'bree gentlemen had reached the floor next, lower. He then followed them. Arrived upon the chamber floor, Lord Ohetwynd took the silken robe from Bisset, and carried it into the dressing room Lady Chetwyid had occupied, and put it in a drawer. He returned to the hall,where t'empestand Bisset awaited him, and Monk with t lem His lordship glanced ft om Bisset to Monk, who saw that further movement was on.foot, and was determined to engage in it. 'I presume your investigations are not yet ended,' said Monk in his boy ish way. 'Is there anything more in contemplationl If so, let me help also. Four are better than three., Itis'not like Chetwynd to count me out, when I would do anything to, serve him.' thetwynd was touched by the implied reproach. Frank and honest himself he believed Monk the same. ' He t-asted in him,and entertained a species of aflsccion for him. 'It is true, Gilbert, that we have another movement on foot,'he said. Mr Bisast thnks that we ought to inves. tigate my poor wife's coffin. We are going to do so now.' Monk did not change colour. He hadijcarcely expected that an investiga tion would actually be made of Lady Ohetwynd's' burial casket, but he was prepared for that investigation. Bisset marked that not a muscle qilvered in that boyish, bearded face, that the small black eyes did not blench, and that the swart face did not change in its expression of curiosity and surprise. 'The fellow is a devil,' thought Bta " set. 'But I have dealt with devils before, and I'll conquer this one-or die.' His sentiments, however, were not betrayed.in his manner. He waited for Monk's answer. 'Let me go with you,' said Gilbert Monk, with an earnestness in which seemed noshadow of terror nor an. xiety. t'By Jove, but its odd, you know-opening a coffin. I suppose Ohetwynd has a right to do it, and 1'd like to be present at 'the opening. I loven Bernice as if she weremysister, and if there's anything wrong I want to give a hand in helping to clear it up.' -Come then, Gilbert,' cried Lord Ohetwynd. 'We must go down to the library for the keys. 'We shall disturb Sylvia if we linger here.' .. . Monk looked down athis clothes. r aWe are all in dress suits,' he said. 'We must put on our warmer garments before we venture out. The air is chilly.' The suggestion so eminently pratical had not occurred even to Bisset. The gentlemen acted upon it, each going to his own room; Some ten minutes later, dressed in morning costume, the four men met in the library. Chetwynd opened his safe and pro duced the key of the Chetwynd family vault, also the key of the door at the head of the stairway leading down into the crypt. '"We must get the key of the church of the rector,' said toe marquis. 'I have here under-my cloak a lantern anda few tools which we shall require. Are you readyl' Assent was given, and Ohetwynd led the way out of the house by the main entrance.. The hall porter had long since quitted his post, the, lights were ou',the household in bed.Ohetwynd put a latlh key in his pocket,closed the door securely, and led the way across the lawn into the park. 'We'll take a short cut across the park to the village,' said Chetwynd as they hurried on. 'It was in this park I met her one night,Mr Bieset, as I told you. We shall pass the spot.' 'From all I can learn the 'spectre' seems to hbe well acquainted with Chet wynd Park,' said Mr Bisset drily.,'The night is dark. Give me the lantern, my lord-I will carry it.' He seized upon it with gentle force and the four men pressed on. Lord Ohetwynd pointed out the spot where he had beheld Bernicei at the junction of two paths, but the party did not linger. They crossed the wide park, and came out upon the highway, upon. the summit of'.the hbill overlooking Ohetwynd-by.Sea. The road was onely and deserted, the sky was dark above thein,' and the murmur of.. the oea in ita ceaseless monotone came to their.ears above the sighing of the trees. ' Lord Chetwynd strode on in advance, eager,, impatient, " tortured. They entered the 'silent, straggling street ot the village. The" houses were dark, the shops longinch closled. The hour was somewhat past one in the morning, They walked swiftly 'and in silence.up the entire street to Coietwynd parish church. The gate waes unlocked, and Monk led the way in among the' graves. ,Wait for mdin the porch.' said Ohetwynd. 'I am going to rouse the rector and obtain ,the trkey of the olhurch.' '; ' The rectory adjoined the chiurch. Chetwynd ascended the rectory steps and knocked loudly upon the doori.,He was obliged torepeatjthe sumamon egains and again, but at last the rector's night capped head was proturded from the upper window, and the rector's, voice demanded what he wanted,. '''It is I--Ohetwyndl' said the mar 4Uio, in a cautious, penetrating voice. :beg hyo? ino come down, 'Ir Locke. Iam ton business of the atmost imt portance,' The upper window slammed shut. There was a brief interval of silence; Tbh stop w ie m rd 4 tb0 stirp within, bolts and chains were rattled inside the door,which presently opened and the good rector of Chetwyndparish church stood on the .breshold. 'Oome in,my lord,'he exclaimed. 'Has anything happened? is any one ill?: It -it is not the ghost that has brought you here at this hour?' 'No; I want the key of the church,' said Chetwynd. 'Mr Locke,I am going to open my wife's coffin. The clergyman uttered an excleme ation of astonishment. Evidently he thought Chetwynds brain was turned. 'I have excellent reasons for my cours and I have friends with me, said the marquis impatiently. 'You do not know' the doubts that are rising within meof Bernice's actual death. The spectre of Ohetwynd may be my living wife. No no, that is impossible-and yet-Give me the key-the key! Mr Locke regarded his' visitor in alarm. 'The poor boy has gone mad,' he thought. 'I thought this would be the upshot when be declared that heo had seen Lady Obhetynd's spectre. Poor boyl Pcor Miss Monk. Chetwynd seemed to comprehend his thoughts. 'I am not mad, although I wonder that I am not. The keyl the keyl' The sound of voics from the' church steps at this juncture reached the clergyman's eare. He drew a breath of relief. 'Yes my lord,' he replied hastily. 'Ill get the key. 'I'll go with you if my presence will be agreeable to you. I don't understand a word you've said, but I'll join you in your proposed in. veitigation.' . He hastily retired, returning folly dressed, and with the key of the church in his hand. The church was opened, and the five 1 gentlemen gave themselves admittance and proceeded down to the Chetwynd burial' vault.' Tue lantern was ,suspended, from a nail in a beam overhead. 'Then Bisset went to work. He took possession of the tools Lord Chet wynd hid brought but first of all he surveyed the cofin on every side to ascertain if it had at any period since Lady Ohetwynd's burial been tampered with. To all appearances it had not been touched. It stood upon treatless, and was covered with ' black crape, uponI which the silver plate and handles, all tarnished now, gleamed with subdued lustre. Bisset read the inscription .on the plate. 'Then be set to work to.unfesten the screws. Tempest, seizing a screwdriver set to work upon the opposite side of the. casket. Lord. Chetwynd stood apart, his arms folded, his head sunk low on his breast. Monk and the clergyman conversed in a whisper. It was a strange scene. The .dusky shadow all round them, the funeral crypt, the black coffin upon the black draped trestles, the men at work' with the redlight fallen from the lantern above then on their faces-a strange scene inaeed,and one that looked stranq ely unreal. The lid of the coffin was' unscrew.ea and removed , and 'now all but' Chet wynd gathered round to look into the casket. Biseet uttered a low exclamation, unintelligible to all save Monk, and he put up his hand to his month to hide a smile of triumph. The ccffin was not empty. Within it lay the skelton of a woman. ' But strangest of all, the leshless skeleton was mostly covered by a long gown of white silk,' trimmed with point lace, and cut square at the neck, with' elbow sleeves edged with frills of lace, The silk was stained : and yellow, asif it had lain there all these months, but was still in a good state of preserva tion. Monk,was not satisfied withjthe pre cautions he had before taken, had caused a dress to be made, a counter part of Bernice burial robe,had stained it purposely to make it look old and decayiog, and had recently placed it here 'in anticipation 'of this mom- ent. ' And now his heart throbbed with a sinister joy of success. ' Lord Ohetwynd came forward, and also looked into the coffin. The others draw back respectfully,. There were no tears in his eyes. but his face was con vulsed with an awful anguish. His old wound was ploughed up afresh, and the painiwas almost more,than he could bear., " ' " SHie looked a long time in silence. Then he said brokenly-- , 'The bidy of my wife lies here. This is her dress. See, the lace is the same -ho, not the same yet very like. We have deceived ourselves. Ini silence the lid was restored to the coffia and screwed' into its place, The old clergyman approached Ohet wynd and took his hand, but he had nothing to say in such a' m'oment and to a despair like this;and insilence the five gentlemen returned to the church porch. Mr Locke took his key and went home.' The others returned to Chet .wynd Park. • 'So, far Monk i~ alead,' thought the baifled detective,as he retired to his bed. He'sas crafty asSstan. It's likely to bea tough fignt between us-a -s contest of iwitl-but I'm not worsted yet,and so surely as heaven is above 'll come out in the aeid;- and' the end is near.' CHAPTER £111. T'roerBNsSTIGATrON CoNTrINUs. Mr Bisset, n opening Lady Ohat wynd's coffin, had expected to find it empty. He had looked forda trinmphant vindication of his theory but had e.x perienced only an absolute defeat. He had arrayed himself in a secret conflict with Gilbert Monk, and Gilbert Monk bmd 091w ogvistori What was now to be done? Mr Bisset was too well convinced that he was right to astute, too shrewd, coo skilled in trackirp out' mysteries, to recede from the opinion he had already formed. He was persuaded that the bones he had seen in:the coffin was not the bones of Lady Ohetwynd, but that they had recently been placed there by Monk.He was convinced that the silken gown hq had seen in the coffin was not the gown that had been worn by the youthful marchioness, but onel that Monk had caused to be made in imitation of it. But how,to prove this theoryl How to unveil the truth? How to entrap his own destruction a man whose cunning and sense of caution were something mar vellos , These questions occupied. the mind of the detective officer throughout the few hours that intervened between the visit to the Ohetwynd parish vault and daybreak. '' ' He was upn at 'daybreak, and' soon after mande' his way'out to' the. stable yard..' The stablemen. were astir, and an air of bustle -pervaded - the. place. Bisset ordered his horse,, mounted; and rode away at a canter upon the rode 'to Nounsgate. ' 'I'm only baulked, not 'defeated,' he thought grimly:' 'There 'would be some credit in defeating that Monk. I saw the glimmer of a mocking smile on his lips as we separated this morning. He thinks he has come out ahead, but were not through yet. ' " There was a threatening ini thli last words that 'showed the mind' of the detective was thoroughly' aoused and in his present work ... . His professional reevtation was at stake. " He was not one to go back to Scotland yard with.a long face, and declare himself vanquished and out. witted. . 'There are more than one way'through the woods,'he said to himself.. 'My fox, has doubled on me, but I am keen on his scent. : I shallhave him presently.' He was very thoughtful during the remainder of his ride to Nunsgate. Arr ived at that station, he found an ' early lounger to take charge of his horse, and sauntered into the telegraph office. The hour was now about seven; the operator was just entroing his office'with a sleepy countenance. Bisset followed him with his foppish, swell air. 'I want to telegraph~to London-Scotsby and. Newman, Chancery Lane,.' he said languidly. 'All ready? send this message then, 'Did you telegraph to Monk? that's all. Oh add the address' t which the answer is to be- sent. 'Bisset, Chetrynd t'ark, East bourne, :Sussex 'How' much?' - He paid'for the telegram, and shuntered out again.' He mounted his ''thorough bred and rode swiftly back to the Park, in time to make his toilet for breakfast. 'Lord Chetwynd,'Mr 'Tempest. Hilbert Monk,and Mis Monk were all present at'the morning meal,but the gentlemen all Inosed as if theyhad not slept duringthe night. The marquis was pale and haggard; Mr Tempest wore an anxioas, troubled look that showed a metal disturbance; and Syl via Monk was aware of the night's excur sion, her brother having already secretly informed her, and there was a measure of triumph apparent also'in her manner. After breakfast, Miss Monk retired to her boudoir, and the contemplation' of a parcel of samples 'and patterns which had arrived by post. The gentlemen repaired to the library. Mr Tempest looked over a collection o f maps and charts upon the long library table, but in a manner thatashowed his mind was' not upon them. Lord Chet wynd walked restlessly to and fra. Monk flung himself upon a Moorish couch, .and said coolly, with a dash of hidden inso lence 'Well, Mr Bisset,' what comes next in your, programme? We have searched the house, have distuirbed the sacred re mains of the dead-What next, one would think that aaudacity could go, no further but we are all past being surprised now. Shall you question the servants?' , 'No; the servants, at . least none, of Chetwynd's servants know anything about the mysterious visitor,' said isset calmly. 'Andyet you have not questioned them? I suppose you'know it.by intuition, You detectives are shrewd fellows. By Jove yo know, if I were not the most frank aidopened hearted fellows in the world Ihould be afraid of you, you know. I should indeed.' There was a veisn of prickling sarcasm inlthisremaik' that might.have atiung the offlier. Whether it didd ors not, was nd apiarent. . 'Ikrr Biset,'sald Lord Chetwynd, abuptly 'wihave been upon the wrong track. How codid you for one moment have doubted th¶ fact of my wife's death? I fear you hare dealt with great mysteries so much at you have magnified our small one; but your words, and that deed of last night, have stung me to a greater, sense than ever of my awful desolatieos. I shal leave England again as soon- as soon le stopped abruptly. He meant to say Ssoon as he were married to MisalMonk, ut he couldnot utter the words. His holesoul revolted against thia forth. ming marriage.l Since the last night the hle esurse of his life seemed changed, is intended marriage seemed to him this oroingarepulsive mockely. Be could et even mention it in words. 'Ido not wish even to appear discour nus, Mr Bisset,' continued his lordship a tone of apology, Epeaking kindly and gtly. I fully appreciate your great pro ialqualities, and your zeal in at tnting to search out this mystery,:but I 1 Iwish that last night's work were ulone; My poor wife is dead. How ci I for one moment have been tempted tdubt the fact?' rBisset seemed in no wise disturbhed at Chetwynd's implied reproaches. was content with himself, and content tosit for his vindication, ardon me, my lord,' he said quietly; ' you made a remark last night which Innot quite understand. You said th e pattern of the lace on the robe we andin the coln differed with the n the gown you have upstairs, as in de it does'differ. 'Now which wasLady Ch nds burial robe?' B o one in the coffin, of course Mr t4.' st your lordship has said that your lad had but one white silk gown -oade t that pattern,' peristed tee detective. 'Yeo mpletely identified the gown up sta The gown in the coffin seems a l sp umerary garment. ow happens I kn~o't LOw, Hlie PIOPk igil$ i: explain the mystery, or Fiflne, Iady Chitwy:d's French maid, might explain 'I have spoken to Sylvi already on the subject, aaid Monk promptly, speaking truth 'The same question had occurred to me as to Mr Bisset. But Sylvia knaew nothing about it. She only knows tha Pfioe brought the gown from her lady. ship's ward robe and no one knows more S'Fifine may be able to throw some light oi the matter,'decltared the delecrive. 'It might be well for mre to see her. 'I'll think it over. I consider, however the resemblance between the two gowns s an act of the Ihighest importance in this ' investigation. What else I think I may not mention at preset,. But I will clear np'tb'e whole mystery, my lord, to your eatisfactiyun.' 'All thbat iequiries clearing 'up Is the mystery about chti young girl, who so closely, reeembles my lost wife,' said Chetwynd. Iwant to know who she is why she bhisueme, in short, I want to kniow all abouther.' 'And you shall now, my lord' said Bisoet, confidentel., ' Oly terur moe a little longer. But I fancy . that the mysterious wosnanwillnotreturnat present and it it not neoassary, that I shall wait hbre until she appears.hI shall go up to London to day and Ibeg yon to telegraph , ms when she next shows herselfl. ln the meantime we muestwait patientely. Monk looked furtively at the officer, who caught the glance and inwardly smiled. Lord Chetwynd did nottoppese his reso lution. and the subject was dropped, it having become exquisitely painful to both' Chetwynd and Tlepast. ,Monk went up to his sisters roam. . As soon ea he had disappeared Mr Bisset remarked-... *M y lord; I have discovered more thsa you think,and I have good grounds for my suspicions which I expect soon to verityt But I desire 'that even Mr.ounk thou d be mode to thihk that I have retired from the investigation. I beg you to be patient still. I hope ingood time to turn your mourning into joy .. I With this communication he retired from the library and strolled about the grounds. . . . After an hour on ite terrace he returned i to the house by' the garden entrances,'ad . began to ascend the private stairs to his a room. -At the upper landing he encountered the' Hindoo woman Bag?s, with a tray: in her hands. He halted t her path, survey. ing the withered,browr face, anid turbaned Shead with ~,lzy smile, To be continued,. 