FLASHLIGHTS. . [By Focus'em.] ? ? ) Free raid. — Freetrade. . ?. ? That mysterious Treasuryship. ?' '? A squatter. — -A wayside tramp. Great Shakes. — Carpet beating. Wanted. — The blood of the Jews. A two-foot rule. — Never wear tight shoes. Cashing securities. — Pawning your braces. of Siberia. The Prince of Whales is said to be a good spouter. ' ? . ? . ' Latin is a dead language because it was talked to death. Hard up. — The' Government helm, and the Treasury too. Tight. — Money, but not tight enough to stagger about much. There are 400 professional fantanists in Sydney. Chingeree ! House of Lords rejected motion in favor of woman's suffrage. Turn dog on a man and he gets the cat. Experience yesterday. A prisoner cursed Docker from the dock. The Judge still lives. The police and military will vote if the Electoral Reform Bill passes. A man to write on the liquor question shouldn't be too full of his subject. xne Advocate m\i contain an illustra tion of local interest every Monday. Roberts, the billiardist, is a trained nurse when he gets the balls together. They wish they had wings. The gaol birds sentenced by Docker to the lash. The Bulletin draws heavily on Reynold's Weekly. Scissors and paste. Robert Scarlett, charged with em bezzlement in. Sydney, found not guilty. Rolling stock. — Billiard balls, and can't the Bathurst boys roll them, eh ? Parkes claims that Gladstone was the first statesman to suggest onemanone vote. Down in the month. — A Bathurst youth chewing his early growth mous tache. Music last night. One solo was so low as to be hardly audible. Thank the Lord it was. It is stated that the failure of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land was due to over-trading. : In the Assembly on Wednesday night Piukes moved the second rendinaj of the Electoral Bill. . The priveleges of^.the bar. — Knowing a Bathurst publica'w'-oalTici-ently well .-to ? get in after eleven.' ? ' V '. ?' The failure, of the Bank of Van Diernen'* Land stiffened the market for Ml. Zei'fian silver stocks. A young lady is anxious to learn 'the time of Spring.' Get close enough to touch a green frog with a stick. ' .?? Can a woman who neglects the' but tons on her husband's shirt, front be fairly styled the wife of his bosom ? Sounds like a good name ? to back a bill. — Backer, New York note-broker, has failed, with liabilities £300,000. Carruthers states that the School History of Australasia will''be ready for publication in the course of a few weeks. The difference between a hungry man and a glmtton is small indeed. One longs to eat and the other eats too long. Man wants but little here below, He is not hard to please ; But woman — bless her little heart — Wants everything she sees. A doctor was sent for to attend a case of drowning. He was found dead, having committed suicide. This at Moruya. The Melbourne Cup of '91 is already attracting attention. -When it all over how many who stood to win will have to sit down to lose. There was an entire absence of cases at the Police Court yesterday, and not a single application for land was lodged at the Lands Office. The Copyright Bill of the United States was signed by Harrison. He used a quill obtained from an American eagle. Poetic, wasn't it ! The art of paper making has reached that point where a growing tree can be cut down and converted into a news paper all within 24 hours. There is a man in America who is worth £2,500,000 per annum, and the latest news lets the world know that he is prostrated through overwork. The sensation in Court when a ?-. prisoner cursed Docker will :ie nothing to the sensation the, convict will feel when the cat rubs her nine-life tail down his back. The same old gag. — The Premier has stated in the Assembly that the question of a State Labor Bureau has been dis cussed by Ministers, but that nothing has bnen decided-upon. The Bulletin gets nasty because the Advocate accused it of inconsistency in first advocating and then sinking pro tection. The Bulletin can't stand getting a ball on its wicket. The following passage occurs in the will of the late Mr. Barnum ?: — ' On .tlio first and following days of next month T shall appear as ghost at spiritualistic seances. Entrance : One dollar I' When the portrait of a certain vener able statesman appeared in 'Men of Mark,' a cabby who had once driven him, and been rooked, exclaimed 'Mark ! — =Yes; -df^— d bad mark.' Fact. -???'- . -H Have you heard the recent whocker, 1 It'f^a reg'lar Bathurst knocker, For a Sydney judge named Docker Has ordered up the cnt. 'Spite of cursing, swearing, gnashing O£ their teeth, they'll get their lashing. They, will have to take their hash in, A weal from oli the cat,' t 