OR-EIED DICE. v BY A.B.G. There were several of us in the party, and, ages were various, as also were our experiences We were quietly .tending the evening to a suburban house, not without those aids to con- versation which men look zor at a certain hour, and had in some way got into a rather discussion of the differences between Engiiafa and Australian life. The discussion need not h» reported, as there was absolutely nothing novel put forward on either ride, hut it dropped on agreeably and peacefully enough till some rather weakly regretted the absence of romance in Australia, and especially in Victoria. There is no room for the imagination in a new country like this, he complained. A country without tradition or association, or even a respectable ghost that any one ever heard of. Nowithappened that one of the party was a who had come to Australia before the gold- field influx, had been in Ballarat in the days of tb Eureka Stockade, and had seen the desolation of Blaok Thursday, with many other moving incidents of the olden days. He glanced with some contempt at the lover of romance, and spoke with derision. " Ghosts !" he said. For the matter of that I expect Victoria has just as many as any other country, neither more nor less !" The other laughed. " I don't mean that I believe in ghosts," ho said, " and I certainly never saw one myself, but it gives a place more interest, don't yon know, when there is a good ghost story con nected with it. Now here I don't suppose there is a house that's old enough to be haunted." " I've known a house given np because it was haunted, or a hut, any way. What do yon think of that ? That's as much as you can Bay of any old castle in Europe." " What, really haunted by a bona fide ghost?" " That I can't say. All I know is that no a man would stay in the hat, anuc had to be given up in consequence. That's as true as I'm sitting here." " Well, he went on, when we all wanted to hear about it, " I had a station in the early days in partnership with another man. At that time fences were few, and we had to employ a number of shepherds. Each shepherd had a flock of sheep to look after, and a hutkeeper to look after him, as the hats were built wide apart on the run. The men in those days were often ' old hands' from Sydney or the Der- went, and good men as a rule, so far as work went ; not much given to nervousness any way. One day the mar who took the rations out to the huts told us that there was something very qneer going on at one of them, and that the shepherd and hut- keeper did not know what to make of it. For two or three nights they had heard queer noises which they could find no explanation for, and they were in a regular funk. We did not think much of it at the time, but next morning the two men turned up at the homestead and swore that nothing should make them go back to the hut." " What had they seen ?" someone asked. "Seen? Nothing; it was just that that, bothered them. All they could tell us was that for two or three hours in tbe night there was a most tremendous thumping mid scratching out side the hut, with, every now and then, bangs, as if someone were throwing large stones against the slabs. Of course we laughed, and told them it must have been the limb of a tree, swinging with the wind. " It was a dead still night, one of them answered, ' and you know well enough there is not a tree within a hnudred yards of the hut.' " 4 Tut, tut,'' said my partner, it was native native cats or 'possums. They make tbe same noise here night after night. " 'Possums l' said the man. ' Look here, boss. I ' ve been in the bush fifteen years, and I reckon I know a 'possum when I hear one." " ' If it was 'possums, grumbled toe other man, ( the devil ir-ust have been inside of 'em, so it don't make no odds.' 4 ' Say what we would there was no persuading, eith er of them that there was not something crooked going on at the hut, so we acuta young ' iackeroo.' iust out from Eariand. - to rieeD a night there and find out what was toe matter. He, of course, laughed at the ghosts as much as we did, and was ready to go aud Btay as long as we liked. The hut was about ten miles from the homestead, and he rode over in the after noon, with a rifle aud revolver, saying before he went that he would bring us the ghost's scalp next day. There was nothing for him to do there, as th-i sheep had been moved. He wan back at the station by 7 o deck next morning. He had not even waited to catch his horse, but started off just as he was and walked or run to - whole way." " And had he heard the same noises ?" " Yes, it was the same story ; the noise began about midnight, as the men had said. He caught up his rifle and went outside ; toe noise stopped. It was quite open ground and a bright moonlight night, but not a living thing could he see ; he went back, and the noise began again worse than ever, and he expected the walls to cave in every moment. The second time he went out there was a wild yell of laughter, and then dead silence ; he went back again and lav on the bank listening to the banging anu thumping on the slabs, with his heart in his mouth for hours, and when the noises ceased at th» ' first streak of dawn, he jumped up and made for home as hard as he could go ; you never saw a man in such a fright in all your life. 44 After that we hardly hoped to persuade any of the men to live iu toe hut, but one of them came up and volunteered to stay there by him self as long as we liked. He was a notorious old ruffian generally known as One-eyed Dick a small man, grey and wizened, with a wicked- looking face and character to match, though he had been quiet enough and steady since he haJ been with us. He chaffed toe other men in a grim sort of way about the ghosts, and said that the devil was too old a friend of his to do him any harm, and most of ub agreed with him. For my ptrt I thought he would be quite as bad company for toe ghosts as they for him, hut as we half suspected that it was a trie of some kind we gave him a gun to defend him self, and left him at the hut with several days rations and everything he wanted. I don" know what he had been 4 lagged for originally but it was supposed to have been something peculiarly bad. and he was certainly the las man to suspect of superstition or calf fright and we expe ted that he would prove too many for the ghosts. On the fourth morning, how ever, he was back. We oould not get much out of him, but the point of what he did say was that he had stood it for three nights, and tha nothing would rake him to the place again. He had heard things and seen things in that hut that were too strong for him. The other men had only heard sounds, but Dick had certain!) seeu, or fancied he had seen something. He would never say what it was, but declared that though he could have got used to the noises iu time, the thing he had seen — well, he would not see it again for all the turn in Melbourne ; and that was a big word for an old band. His even was not easy in the hut he had been before, andnot long afterwardsleft toe station altogether." ' a tid what did you do ?' someone asked. /. "Do? We built a new hat in another plaoe, and let the old one rip, , "Was there any story about toe old hut r " None." " Did you ever sleep in it yourself ?" " I slept there fox a week, and so fiid my partner." f a d did you hear toe noises? " Not a sound. = Several ingenious theories were then put for ward, which accounted for toe mjiteiy in_ the most satisfactory maimer, and attributed it to every imaginable cause, from spiritualism to ruin. When they had all been proved to the satisfaction of their expositors and rejected scornfully by everyone elm, someone thought of asking, 4 " Did you ever see One-eyed Dick again " Well, I did and I didn't. He never turned up at toe station' again, and I don't remember hearing of him from any of his mates, which' was th» only way one ever did hear of a man like that. But some years later I happened to be down in Melbourne, and was persuaded by tire people I was staying with to pay a visit to the Waxworks of those days. For my part I ' never cared particularly for that kind of enter tainment, hut I walked through the room with the rest, and after we had seen all the usual celebrities we went through to toe Chamber of Horrors, We were hardly inside before I caught sight of a familiar figure, and pulled up short. " Why, there's Dick !" I said out loud, " One- eyed Dick!" And Dick it was, sure enough, or rather Dick's likeness. It was a good like- noes too, and dressed just as he used to be, and, npon my word, I was not sure for a moment if it was alive or not. Naturally the others were all much interested when I told them, and we . soon turned up the catalogue to see how he came to be there. There we found that he had been hanged a year or two before for the murder of his mate in Bullarook Forest. It was a case that was a good deal spoken of at toe time, though not so much perhaps as murders' are spoken of nowadays, and I had heard and read about it like everyone else, though I never knew that the hero of it was One-eyed Dick." " I suppose he had changed his name," said toe man with toe craving for toe romantic. 44 He was hanged under his real name, and his real name was down in the catalogue. Probably I had known it myself once, and had it in the station books, but in those days nearly all the men like him were known only by nicknames. Why, I remember one man who had been with me for several years, and was going to marry a servant girl we had in the house at the time, coming to me just before the ceremony to ask me to look in the books to find out whathis surname was, as toe parson wanted to know it." " Oh !" "Tell us about toe murder," said toe man of imagination. " This was the story, as far as I know it. A party of police — five or six troopers — were travelling up from Melbourne to Ballaxat. On the way a very heavy storm came on, thunder and lightning and rain, with a strong gale of wind. After sunset the wind dropped slightly, but the night was still wild and dark as pitch, eu uajLR. uuu we troopers, good Dusamen j though they were, got off the track completely, j but as their orders were to get up as quickly as : possible, they kept pushing on through the darkness, hoping that they were moving in the right direction. At last, when it was getting close on midnight, they had decided to camptifi. morning, as they were only knocking up their horses to no purpose, and were just looking oat for a good place when they saw the light of a fire flickering through the trees some way ahead of them. They made their way towards it, as they came near, saw by its light a little grey old man chopping something with an axe. The wind was still high, and, as they moved slowlv, toe man did not hear them till they came within fifty yardB of him. There they pulled np, thinking it strange that a man should choose such a time of Buch a n;«?ht to split wood, and watched him silently. After several blowB, which sounded dull and muffled, as if the wood was soft and rotten, they Baw him lay down his axe, pick up something which he had severed from the rest, and lay it on the log blazing beside him. It was a man's head. Before he pould take toe axe again, two troopers were beside him, and two revolvers covering him. They used his fire for their camp that night, and, when they went on in the morning, he went with them. It was one-eyed Dick !" " Ugh ! what a brute j" Hanging was too good for him!" " Well, I don't know about that ; there was a good deal to be said on Dick's side, ruffian though he was. It seems that ifick and his mate were splitters,' and as far as reputation and morals go, a very well-matched pair, but the mate was a big strong man, and whenever they got any liquor, used to hammer Dick, who Was small and a good deal older, within an inch of his life. Dick stood it for a long time, and was more than -once very nearly killed, but at last he swore that he would put an raid to it. He quietly waited his opportunity, knowing that there was no hope of dissolving partner ship without a fresh hammering, killed his partner with the axe ; then set to work to get rid of the body in the easiest way, by cutting it up and burning it, as you do a dead sheep or bullock. Of course this was legally a pre- . meditated murder, and the disgusting way in which he tried to get rid of the corpse made it all the worse, hut morally you may say that he did it in self-defence, and horning the body, though more revolting, was not more criminal than burying it. " Anyhow, the chances were ever so many to one that he would never have been caught. The place was miles away from any house, and a long way from any regular track. The murdered man was a vagabond scoundrel, that no one would trouble to look for, and indeed that everyone would be delighted to be H Dick had quietly moved to some other district no one would have known anything about him, or even if he had stayed where he was known, no one wouid have doubted him if he had said that his mate had left him, and gone off somewhere by himself ; by the next morning the remains i would have been quite unrecognis able, even if anyone had found them. But bv eharnre, fatality, or providence, call it what vou will, in the very act of making his security certain, the police stumbled up against him in the dark. " And that is how I came to see One-eyed Dick again— in toe "Waxworks." 