"... THE SOUTH SEAS. PART I.— THE MARQUESAS. ' BY R.L. STEVENSON. Chapter IX.— A' Portrait and a Stort. I have had occasion several times to nnmo tlio late bishop, Pother Dordillon, " Monseigneur," ns he is still almost universally called, Vicar Apostolic of the Marquesas and Bishop of Cain- bysopolis inparlibus. Everywhere in the islands, among all classes and races, this line, old, kindly, cheerful fellow is remembered with affection and respect. His influence with the natives wns.parnmount. They reckoned him the highest of men — higher than an admiral ; brought him their money to keep ; took iiis ndvice upon their purchases; nor would they. plant trees upon their own land till they had the' approval of the father ot tho islands. Daring the time of. the French exodus he singly represented Europe, living in the Residency and ruling by the hand of Temoana. The first roads were, made under his auspices .and by , bis. persuasion, The old road betwjeep Hatiheh and Anaho was got under way from either side on the ground tlmt it would be pleasant for an evening promenade, and brought to completion by working on the rivalry of the two villages. The priest would boast in Hattheu of the progress made in Anaho, aud he would tell the folk of Anaho, " If you don't take care yonr neighbors will be over tho bill before you are at the top." It could not be so done to-day ; it could then ; death, opium and depopulation bad not gone so far ; and the people of Hatiheu,. I was told, Btiil vied with each other in fine attire, and used to go out by families, in the cool bt the evening, boat sail ing and racing in the. bay. There seem9 some truth at least in the common view, that this joint reign of Temoana and tho bishop was the last and brief golden age of the Marquesas. But the civil power returned, tlio mission was packed out of ,the Reeidoncy at 24 hours' notice, new methdds supervened and the golden age (what ever it quite was) determined. It is the strong est proof of Father Dordi lion's prestige that it survived, seemingly without loss, this hasty deposition. His method with the natives was extremely mild. Among these barbarous children he still played the part of the Binding father ; and he was careful to observe, hi all indifferent mat. ters, tho Marquesan etiquette. Thus, hi the eingufor system of artificial kinship, tho bishop bad been adopted by Vaekchu as a. grandson ; Mis's Fishery of Hatllieu, as n daughter. From that day Monseigncnr never addressed the young lady except as his mother, and closed his lottcrs with the formalities of a dutiful son. With Europeans ho could be strict, even to the extent of harshness. He made no distinction against heretics, with whom lie was on friendly terms ; but the rules of his own church lie would see observed ; nnd once at least he had a white, man clapped in gaol for the desecration of a saint's day. But even this rigor, so in tolerable to laymen, so irritating tb Protest; :nnts, could not shake liis popularity. We shall best eonceivc him by examples nearer home. We may all have known some'divine of the old school in Scotland, a. literal Sabbatarian, a stickler, for the letter of the law, who was yet ill pr irate modest, innocent, genial and mirthful. Much ftuch a man, it seems, was Father Dor dillon. Ad' liis popularity bore a test yet stronger. " £w had tho name, nnd probably de served it, of n shrewd man in business nnd one that mode the mission pay. Nothing so much stirs up resentment os tho in mixture in com merce of religious bodies ; but even rival traders spoke well of Mouseigneur. His character is best portrayed in the story of ' "the days of his decline. A time came when, from tlio failure of sight, lie must desist from htiis literary labors : ids Marquesan liymns, gram- nuirs and dictionaries ; bis scientific papers, lives of saints and devotional poetry. He cast about for a new interest ; pitched on gardening, and was to be seep all day, with spade and water- pot, in his child-like eagerness, actually running between the . borders. Another step of decay, and he must leave his garden also. ' Instantly a new occupation \va9 devised, and he sat in the mission putting paper flowers and wreaths. His diocese, was not great enough ' for his aotivity ; the churches of tlio Marquesas were papered with bis handiwork, aud still he must bo making more. "yVh," said he, smiling, "when I am dead what a fine time you will have olearing out my traah 1". He had been dead about six months ; but 1 .was pleased .to see some of his trophies .still exposed, and. looked upon them with a smile : .the tribute (if I have read bis cheerful character iaright) which he would have preferred to nny useless tears. Disease continued progres sively to disable him ; lie who had clambered so stalwnrtly over tho rude rocks ot the Marque sas, brjnging peace to wardering olans, wa3 for some time carried in a ciiair Between the mis sion anil the church, and. at last cvUifinsd to bed, impotent with dropsy, and tormented with bed sores and sciatica. Hero lie lay two mouths without complaint ; and on the lltb January, 1887, in the 79th year of his life and tho 34th of bis labors in the Marquesas, passed away. Those who have a taste for hearing missions, Protestunt or Catholic, decried, must seek their pftiusure, elsewhere than in my pages. Whether Catlujlic or Protostnnf, with all their gross blots, with a?i their 'deficiency of candor, of humor and of cortiSuon sense, tiic missionaries are the test and tin) most useful whites in tho Pacific. This is a subject which will follow us through out.; but there is 01 part of it thnt may conve niently be treated lie?- The married and the celibate missionary, ea Or' bas bis particular advantage and defect. The trfurried missionary, taking him at tile best, may oft?' to tho native what lie is much in want of, a higher pictnfSa of domestic life ; but tho woman at bis elbow tends to keep him in touch with Europe and out of touch with Polynesia, and to perpetuate, nnd even to ingrain, parochial decencies, far best forgotten. The mind of the female missionary tends, for instance, to. be continually busied about dross. She can be taught with extreme difficulty to tliink any costume decent but that to which she grew accustomed on Claphnm Common ; and to gratify this prejudice the native is put to useless expepse, his mind is tainted with the morbidities of Europe, and liis health is set in ilauger. Tlio celibate missionary, on" the other hand, nnd whether at best or worst, falls readily into native ways of life ; to which lie adds too commonly wlmt is either a mark of celibate man at large, or an inheritance from medkeval saints — I mean slovenly habits and an unclean porson. There arc, of course, degTces in this ; and tho .sister (of course, and nil honor to her) is ns fresh ait a lady at a ball. For the diet there is nothing to ,ie mid — it must amaze gnd shock the Poiyne- sum-v-but for the adoption of nativo habits, there ilmuoh. Chaque paysa ses coutumes, said Stanislas1; these it is tho missionary's delicate task to ff'iXlify ; and the more he can do so from within, .and' from a native standpoint, the better lie will do his work ; and here I tliink the Catholics have'' sometimes the advantage ; in the Vicariate of Do.ViiPon I am sure they had it. I have heard the bfebo-s bbuned for bis indul gence to tho natives, and IJlsove all because ho did not rage with sufficient energy against cannibalism. It was a part nf bis polioy to live among the natives ' like) an older brother ; to follow where he could ; to lead where it was necessary ; never to drive j. dud to encourago the growth of new habits) Instead of violently rooting np the old. Aiid it might bo better, in the long run, 'if this policy were elwnys followed. It might be supposed that native missionaries would prowo more indulgent, but the reverse is found to be tire case. The new broom sweeps clean ; nnd the white missionary of to- day is often embarrassed by th<? bigotry of bis native coad jutor. What else should we expect ? On some islands, sorcery, polygamy, human sacrifice, and tobacco smoking liavo been prohibited, the dress of the native has been modified, and himself warned in strong terms agninHt rival sects of Christianity — nil by tlio same man, at the same period of time, and with the like authority. By what criterion is the convert to distinguish the essential from the unessential? He swallows the nostrum whole ; there has been no play of mind, no instraction, and, except for some brute utility in the prohibitions, no advance. To call things by their proper names, this is teaching superstition. It is unfortunate to use the word ; so few people have read history, and so many have dipped into little ntlieistic manuals, that tho majority will rush to a conclusion ; nnd sup pose the labor lost. And far from that : These nemi-spontaneous superstitions, varying with tho sect of the original evangelist and the customs -»f the island, are found in practice to be highly fructifying ; and in particular those.who have learned and who go forth again to teach them offer an example. to.tho world. ' Tho.best speci men ef the Christian horo that I ever met Witfe was ..one of these native missionaries. He bad saved two lives at. tho risk) of. his own like Nathan, ho bad bearded a tyrant in his hour of blood; when a whole white population fled, lie alone stood to Ills duty ; nnd his behavior under domestic sorrow with which the 'publio has no concern filled the beholder with-syrnpatliy and admiration, A popr liUIe smiling laborious man be looked ; and you would have thought he had nothing in him, hut thnt of which indeed he had, too much — facile good nature. It oliances tlmt the only rivals of Monscigneiir and his missions in the Marquesas were certain of these brown skinned evangelists, natives from Hawaii. 1 know not what they thought of Father Dordillon : they are the only class I did not question ; but I suspect the prelate to havo regarded them askance, for he was eminently human. During my stay nt Tai-o-hae, the time of the yearly holiday came round at the girls' school ; and a whole fleet of whole boat9 came frAm Uapu to take the daughters of that island home.. On board of .these was Kauwealqhirr one of the pastors, a fine sagged old gentleman, of that leonine type so common . in . Hawaii. He paid mo a. visit In . thp Cqsco; and there enter tained me with a_ tale. of one of liis colleagues, Kekela, a missionary m thegreat cannibal' isle, of Hiva-on. It appears that shortly after a kid-, napping vlsit-ffrom a Perurian slaver, the boats of an American whaler put into a bay upon that iBlaqS, were attacked, and made their escape' with difficulty, leaving their mate, a Mr.. IVhnlon, in the hands of the natives.. jTlie cap tain, with liis arms bound behind his back, was cost into a house ; and the chief announced the capture to Kekela. And liere I begin to follow the version of Kautyealoha; it is a good speci men of Kanaka English; and tlio reader is to conceive it delivered with violent emphasis and opvtthilig' ptvlilulllillie. "I got Melican mate," tho chief he say — "What you go do Melican mate?" Kekela he say. — " I go make fire, I go kill, I go cat him," he say ; "you come to-mollow cat pieoo." — " I no want eat Melican mate !" Kekela he say : "why you want?" — "This bad shippee, this slave shippee," the chief he say. " Ono time a shippee ho eome from Felue, he take away plenty Kanaka, he take away my son. Melican mate lie bad man. I go eat him ; you eat piece." " I no want ont Melionn mate !" Kekela he say ; and he cly — all night lie cly ! To-mollow Kckola he get up, he put on blackee coat, bo go see chief ; ho see Missa Whela, him hand tio' like this ( Pantomime ). Kekela be ely. He say ohiof : — "Chief, you like things of mine? you like whale boat V "Yes, "ho say. "You like filo-a'm (firearms) ?" " Yes," he say. " You like, blaclcee coat?" , "Yes," he say. Kekela he take Missa Wbela by the. shoul-V. (shoulder) be take him light out house ; he give olilof' he whaleboat, lie file-a'm, . be blackeOj-eoat. He take Missa Wliolfl lie bouse,. -make him sit down with his wife andohilehi. Missa 'WTiela-' all- tlie-same pelison (prison) ; liis wife ho, ho chil'en in Ameiicr;' lie ely — O, lie cly. Kekela he Bolly. - One day Kekela, lie see ship. (Pan. tomime).' " He say Missa WheW "'Ma' \Vhela?" Missa ' 'Whoia' ho say — "Yes." ICanako they begin go down beach. Kekela he get eleven Kanaka, get oa' (oars), get evely thing. He say Missa "Whela — "Now you -go quick." . They jutnp in whnloboat. "NoW you low !" Kekela he say ; "you low quick, quick !" (.Violent Pantomime, and a change indicating that the narrator has left the boat and returned to the beach.). All the Kanaka thoy say — "How 1 Melican mate he go nway V" — jump in boat ; low afta. ( Violent pantomime ' and change again to boat). Kekela be say—" Low quick !" Here I think Kauwealoha's pantomime had confused me ; I have no more of his ipissima verba ; and can but add, in my own less spirited manner, that tho ship was reached, Mr. Wlia- Ion taken aboard, and Kekela returned to his aharge among the cannibnls. But how unjust it is to repeat the stumblings of a foreigner in a language only partly acquired ! A thoughtless reader might conceive .Kuuwealolin and liis col- lenge to be a species of amicable baboon ; but I havo hero the antidote. In return for his act of gallant charity, Kokela was presented by tbo American Government with a sura of money, and by President Lincoln personally with a gold watch. From hi? .letter of. thanks, written in his own tongue, I give the following extract. .. I do not envy the man who can read it without emotion :— When I saw one of your oountrymon, a citi zen of your great nation, ill trbated, and about to be baked and eaten, as a pig is oaten, I ran to save him, full of pity and grief at the evil of those bonighted people. 1 gave my boat for the stranger s life. This boat came from Jamos Hunncwcll, a gift of friendship. It became tlio ransom" of, this countryman of yours, that he might not he-eaten by tho savages who know not Jehovah.-. This was Mr, Wlialon, and the date 14th Jan., 1864. As to this friendly deed of mine in saving Mr. "\Yhalon, its seed came from your' grcat land, and was brought by certain of your country men, who bad received the love of God. It was planted in Hawaii, and I brought it to plant in this land and in these dark regions, that they might receive the root of all that is good and true, which iA lore, L Love to Jehovah. 2\. Love to self. A Love to our neighbor. If it man have a sufficiency of these three, he is good and holy, like his God, Jehovah, in his triune ehnrneter (Father, Son and Holy Ghost)', one-three aud three-one. If lie havo two and wnnts one, it is not well ; nnd if lie have one and wants two, this, indeed, is not well ; but if ho cherishes ail three then is lie holy indeed, after the manner of the Bible. This is a great thing for your great nation to boast of, before all tho nations of the earth. From your great land a most precious seed was brought to tlio land of darkness. It was planted here, not by means of guns and men-of- war and threatcnings. It was planted by means of the ignorant, the neglected, the despised. Such was tho introduction of the word of the Al mighty God into this group of Nuuliiwa. Great is my debt to Americans, who havo taught me all tilings pertaining to this life, and to that which is to come. Sow shall I repay your great kindness tome? Thus? Pijvid asked of Jehovah, and thus I ask ofyou, i)(l£ President of the United States. This is my only pa7U)ont — that which I have received of the Lord — lov Juloha). 