The Wedding Fling. It, is - an incontrovertible faet that 6 very woman feels a certain interest in the subject; of wedding ' rings. ; An ', indeed, is . is natural enough that this should he so. Type ,a"nd symbol beyond aught else of the most ;imDbrtan£ 'crisis in a woman's lire, the wei- ;dihg ting must nece sadly be fraught with j fascination for wife aid maid, for oil and young alike. . Htnce it is likely that some matter of entertain .lient ma ; be found in the study, of its. history. and, association. j Everyone' knows that' rings were wom in old Bible d iy s, though wbatpart they, origin-: .ally played ih the nuptial cerim my is not so' clear. . Biit, at any rate , they torm ait impor tant portion of the wedding service . among the; modern jewis, the regulation in force among them on tlis head being tsij strict.' ' The riiig. must in every cas3 be examined and . certified by the officiating 'rabbi of tho synagogue, to make sure that it ia of 'the prescribed value, and the simple opeia'ion of placing it' upon the JfiDjgcr is so binding that, this alone, apart frbsi any other per ti in of the ceremony, jis considered to constitute a jegnl marriage. . ; In point of fact, however, it i V not from the iJiws) but'from .tho the BiuiaiYsithat the . nations of modern' E iropo derive their wed ding ring. Among the ancibnt matters of the wbrld rings were commonly used as part of the rite betrothal.' Bat it is worth while to notice that there was one special difference be tween the ancient and the modi rn use of rings in this respect. In their original employment they were really not wedding, but betrothal rings ; that is, they were given and taken as the public expression of a man's promise to a woman that he wonld marry her. As a learned writer has told us in regard to the early Italians, 'a man who wished to p'edge bis faith to a woman, placed a ring upon her finger, which at tho. present day is preserved fur the benediction of marriage. j Two p,iu.is Faro thus, to - he remembered — that in old duys there were two distinct cere monies— the betrothal and the actual wedding j— rhoth . cf . which w see equally essential to the full solemnization of the marriage ; and also, that, the. ring. was oruiually used, not for the tocond l ceremony, but for the first. Such was the. custom during the pagan era ; and soj, it.; remained throughout the early cen turies yf. Christianity. Marriage even then, and . for . a ; very considerabl a period after wards, was regarded in the light of a civil, contract only, andwas entered into before :a magistrate ; while the ring itself was used as the syndnl.'of promis j in the preliminary rite of betrothal. : , Gradually, however, these two cere monies became merged into one by the loss on the part of the betroth ,1 of its ' first formal character. For some time after this and in consequence of it;- there' was no : small uncertainty in the use of the ring; which was not infrequently left out of the business altogether.: Bat, after a while; it reasserte-I its..- importance, and once ; more ' came into : gemral use. Moreover, it now began for tho first time to limit itself habitually to the Btngle hoop of plain gold— a form which has become inseparably connected with a 1' one modern: notions of what the wedding-ring should be. - , It will thus ',be seen — to the. surprise,: , doubtless,. : of "not a." few' readers— that the . wedding ring is not a Christian institution, at all; but father on'e hlph;w<'lto're.'lMiM4feA' alopg - 'with rso much else in our ceremonial, directly ' from '"classical; ' antiquity;": 'Thiii leads the- writer \to ffiCntion a, curious point in' connect ibn:withitA' common employ ment. , In pagan Borne tho betrothal .ring, was w.orn. on "the third fihgCr (the /one , nextlto tho. littlo fieger) cf tho left tan'd.' asi t is to-day. This position is said to have been cho.-eu from the belief— unfounded ; af c mrse —that there was a: vein of nerve running directly from that fipger to .the , heart, a : belief which was accepted not only by the igno rant maeees/ but also by iho learned men— the doctors /and. philosbphe s cf the time But in' early : Corlstian days a good deal of confusion seems to have prevailed upon the matter; as -a result of which the ring was often placed and worn npon the woman's right hand; u Ih jihe old. Salisbury ;manual is found spe- h'flc 'reference ,tb, this fact in a very singular passage, /which throws some i .teresting light- on the subject of the. wedding ceremony in: general. From this we learn that the bride groom was. to receive the ring, from the p iest, who had/blessed it, (and tfis blessi g, it may ; be remarked, is still hinted at in the marriage service of tho English Episcopal Church) '; ; and.; then, holding the right hand cf the hfide in his own left hand, he was to recite the word, ' With this riDg I thee wed .' Then he;was to place the right hand thumb, saying, ' In tho name of the Father then on the first fit ger with ihe words, 4 And of the Son then on the second finger, adding, ' and tf the Holy Ghost,' and, finally, with the closing. 4 Amen ' on the third finger, whdre it wast o remain.. .But in the conrsj of time uniformity was established in f.vour of the left -hand, and therc is n > longer room for question ebncormng . this, important pcir.1. Of course, no oho aqcuain:ei with the mar riage service of the English Episcopal Church heeds to be told that it is absolutely necessary according to tbo rites of that church, that a ung should he employed. But beyond the simple, ordinance that a tins: th ro must be, the cbhrch makes no specific conditions, so that (curious as it may appear) a ring of any siz6" ) j weight, mattrial or pattern, will serve the purpose natnraliy well. It is naturally enough not often tha I one has to chronicle any departure from recognized on.? torn in this regard ; hut such departures do from time to time occur. A story is toll of two paupers 4 who came to church and requested to be married with the church key, as tho parochial Authorities had net furnished them with a ring.' Tho clerk, it is said, not unnaturally, felt ' some delicac ' about this, and finally found another "way oat of the difficulty. He fetched an old cuitiin ring from his own house, and with this extraordinary article tho loving couple were' duly united in the holy binds of matrimony. But, though this par ticular clerk saw fit to hesitate, the church -key has been employed, an;l that more than once, in place of the rlnqr daring the last hundred years. Even the Duke of Hamilton ' was married at May Eair with a bed- curtain ring.' Nora cs this by any means exhaust the list of eccentric makeshifts. To give one other instance, it is a matter of history that a lady was once married with a ring of leather out transversely from Ihe finger of the bridegroom's glove. Thus the plain gold hoop now. sanctioned by long usage, and surrounded as it is Ly un told associations, is by no means so essential to the marriage ordinance as most people sup pose. Indeed, it is only during mere recent yoara thati t has teen accepted as the proper form of wedding-ring; for in. former days -rings used for marriage were frequently chased, or set with stones, or inscribed inside or outside with names, initials, or mottoes. One might give a long list of these mottoes, or posies, as they were called, but it would hardly be .interesting or instructive ; for they were not as a rule distinguished by great poetie ability or marked originality of thought. The following, picked out almost at random, will do very well as samples : 4 Oar contract . Was Heaven's act.' ' My promise past Shall always lass. 4 As long as life Your loving wife.' . ' God units u Cur hearts aright.' 4 This has no end My sweetest friend ; Cux loves be so No ending know.' And then, of a more purely personal char acter, such as tMs : . - . I did commit ho act of folly - -; When I married my sweet Polly. . . . The abo ve are neither better nor worse than i the average of the innumerable mottoes in i common use ; hut others were sometimes cm- : ployed which, if more original in tLeir con- i ception, were also of a less innocent char-. | acter. ! The old poet Herrick, whose verses are ' of ten so fresh and beautiful, once suggested jan extremely pretty posty which, though of ; course too long for actnal use, is also too icrood in matter and form to he passed over jhere : ' And os this round I Is nowhere found - : To flaw or else to fever. So may our love As endless prove, As pure as gold forever !' '; So it appears that the wedding ring, like all things hitman, haB its history and its ro mance. Nowadays it may indeed be said ithat its adventures ate well-nigh over. Per haps so. But, be that as it, may, the writer feels safe in prophesying that so long as he arts beat in uuison to the same hopes, the 'same aspirations, the same desir« s, so long will the wedding ring keep its hold upon ns all, as the enduring symbol uf faitn And sacrifice and love 