How a Good Ship was Lost. On the night of Ootober 27, 1842, the'jgood ship Mary Compton, of Bristol, England; was straggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the oaptaizf ex pected every moment to get sight of'the light in tbe lighthouse on the Iron Book Bhoals. r- This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship etrnok with a fearful shook and went to pieces. Four men, inolnding the captain,^ were eaved. On reaobing. the rob ore they found a strange thing had happened-; An enemy of the lighthouse-keeper had.boond him hand and foot and extinguished the light.! Souls, as well bb ships, steer by the lights. Hope in the most important lighthouse in the world What shall be said of the man. who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit ? " Sen are beyond human aid." These words .were said by a physician to a woman who had come'to consult him;' Admitting : that he thought'so, had bo fhd right to say so?:; No; for he might be wrong—and in any case he had hp busineBfl.to put out the light. '' . t This woman hadVeen ill for some tin^h Hi June, 1889, she was'greatly alarmed ^by her symptoms. Her'heart palpitatedi ' and she was :ip;gtddy she could .scarcely stand.r] Her ;bead whaled " and," she said, v/aU '.objeoU Seemed to go into a cloud." - Sha had to holdlifirseli up or sic down for fear of falling; . BKerbroke out in a sweat although cold as death; A drea Iful cengh racked her frame 'so that she could not lie down in bed and Bleep, "I oould scarcely orawl about the house," she says, MI was so weak.. I .tried different remedies and medioines without avail. ..I went to tbe dispensary at New Briggate andj.asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His, answer was, 11 have mixed you some medicines; you can take it or leave it.' I took, it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. . . , "I talked with two other physicians., The .last one said 4 You are past human aicl/. .'iM My.heart sank within me, for ,I1(had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love andoare. . I wenthome and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost fioih till I wat thin, as a ghost! My mother came to aeo mo and did not;know sue. My fckiu was of a green and yellow,colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time 1 commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at 9 o'clock on a Saturday morning, and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wil-oo, with wbom J formerly worked in Crawford's mill, in East street, Leeds (where I live}, bad been oured by Mother 8e!gel*s Curative Syrup. So I sont to Mr Josaon's, the chemist, in iir<*at Garden street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped tbe vomiting- and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could cat a dry cru-t, and by the time I had fiuithed tho second bottle I bad got over all my bad ijmp'ocDH, and was fast getting my strength back. I nm now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life 141 should have taken Mo'her Seigol's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and wo had only h trifio coming In from his club, hut 1 thank God I did got it at last, and it cured tn»-, bad off us I was. AU my friends and nt-ighlxmra know tho facts I have related, and I will reply to vny letters of inquiry." (SigLcd) Mrs Ann Mills, 40 Bread street, Y»;rk read, Leeds. This was aca^e of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms blowing how far it had affected the nervous system A few months, or pos tsibly weeks mcr«, and Mrs. Mill would navo had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any ronton, after having known what Mother Beig.l's Curative Syrup had donefor her friend Mta Wllsoq. 