RELIGIOUS NEWS Personal Items. — We extract from the Christian Weekly of October 30 as follows: — The Rev. J. G. Jenkin, who has been ap iiointpd hv tlift Prpsiflnnt to lalifinr »fc TJpn mark, proceeded to his new station on Tuesday last — The Rev. S. Knight yisited the Southern I District meeting in session on Wednesday morning, and responded to bearty words of welcome. He, with Mrs. Knight, left by the evening express of the same day for Mel bourne.— The Rev. Dr. E. E. Jenkin?. the eminent English Methodist minister, contemplates, so we are informed, re visiting Australia at no very distant date. — Sir William McGregor, Governor of British New Guinea, is to take part in a foreign missionary meeting to be held in connection with the Queensland South District Meeting. Sir William takes a great and practical interest in the promotion of Christian work in the region under his rule. — Miss Crouch, who is a niece of Mrs. R, S. Casely, of Kent Town, left Adelaide for Salem, India, by tho Vic toria on Wednesday last. Miss Crouch was set apart for mission work in Hobart; and a farewell meeting was held in Stow Church on Monday evening. She is accompanied by Mrs. Cox, who is visiting her daughter in India, with whom Miss Crouch will reside ab Adelaide House. — Mr. S. Blackney returned to Port Adelaide on Wednesday last. During the last few years he has studied in the Medical Halls and Hos pitals of Chicago, and also at Toronto. — The Rev. W. A. Bainger, of Koolunga, has re quested the Northern Distript meeting to be made a supernumerary minister at the en suing Conference on account of chronic throat iffection. We greatly regret the recurrence if the complaint, by reason of which Mr. Bainger recently took a trip to England. Hid that it should necessitate hi3 taking this step, and deeply sympathize with him in his continued ill-health. — Rev. W. H. Fitchett says in the Pall Mall Gazette that lie has been in pursuit of the European summer sver since he landed at Suez in March. ' He shivered, whipped of icy winds, along the Syrian coast and through the --Egean. He was stewed in Naples, alternately fried and frozen in Florence, drowned with rain in Milan, abased by furious showers through Switzerland md France, and has been walking about in England under an umbrella looking for the 5un all through the mouth of Augusb.'; — Rev. A. W. Bray completed his first Murray River mission trip a few days ago. He travelled lbout 617 miles — 500 in his boat and 100 by steamers Queen and Emu. Mr. Bray speaks liighly of the very kind reception which, as a rule, he met with in his jonrneyings, and of the liberality of tho steamboat-owners in towing hia little craft free of charge and in eiyine him a free passage. Mr. Bray's experience on the river more than war rants his original advocacy of this mission. — Truth and Progress of October 30 says :— The Rev. E. Bungey, of Clare, has received a cordial invitation to the pastorate of the Church at Terowie, recently vacated by the Rev. W. Gilmour. Mr. Bungey has made ' full proof of his ministry' ab Clare. It was his firsb charge after leaving College. The difficulties were great. But by his Christian consistency, charity, and zeal he has lived down opposition and prejudice, and has gathered around him a congregation, Church, and Sunday-sohool of fair proportions, and erected a place of worship free from debt. In this good work he has been splendidly seconded by Mrs. Bungey, and Eupjwrted by the good peopje of Clare. — Influenza seonis to have a partiality for our ministers, Revs. J. Nan carrow, F. Boyling, W. Gilmour, J. Paynter, A. E. Green, and W. Bell having been vic tims. — We regret that any inconvenience should have been occasioned by the paragraph as to Rsv. L. Shackleford and the Kapunda Church. The information seemed reliable enough. Our misinformed informer went at once to Mr. Shackleford and accepted the reeposibility of the statement. This was unusually manly. — Rev. S. Chapman, of Mel bourne, is, we understand, to be one of a small committee to select a co-pastor for the Flin ders- street Church. Mr. and Mrs. Chapman leave for the old country in January next. Catholic Convent Chapel. — To-morrow afternoon Archbishop Reynolds will lay the foundation-stone of the Chapel of the Holy Ghost in connection with the Dominican Con vent at Molesworth-stfeet, psorth Adelaide. Services are held at present in a large room, but it is thought that a special place of wor ship should be provided in order to give adequate accommodation to the Dominican Nuns and the public. The new building is in the Gothic style of architecture, GO ft. in length by 26 ft. in width, and the architertural work is to be carried out by Messrs. Reed, Smart, and Tappin, of Elizabeth-street, Melbourne. Testimonial. — At a meeting at the Parson age of Trinity Church, Adelaide, on Wednes day evening, a handsome presentation was made to Mr. Housin Spafford, in recognition of his twenty years' labour on behalf of the Trinity Sunday-school. The Rev. R. Reid and Messrs. G. G. Mayo and W. H. Holmes testi fied to Mr. Spafford's pood service to the school. 