The Indian .Revolt. THE Sioux revolt bids fair to be a murderous business before the hatchet is buried and the pipe of peace is smoked. Dakota has about 30,000 Indians, and only about a third hare assumed the ways of civilization. The Bed man troubles have existed for many years, arising out of plunder and broken faith on the part of the Government on the one hand, and retaliation and reprisals on the other. The present crisis is due, firstly, to bad faith on the part of tho American Govornmentin supplying insufficient food of poor quality ; secondly, to the way in which the Sioux have been cheated out of their lands without receiving the promised recompense; and thirdly, to the frenzied prophecies of vision- aries, who find the ground well prepared for the reception of their mystical ourpourings, " ghost dances," and all the rest of it. The sale of the Sioux lands was recently the sub- ject of a treaty negotiated by General Crook -who is affectionately styled by the tribes- men " the; Indian's ' friend "-which would confer countless benefits, it was represented on the Sioux. Ultimately they were induced (not without misgivings) to sign that treaty; and within a month the Government issues and BO forth, were cut down to the tune of £3,000,000 sterling a year. General Crook, who had always acted in good faith, took this dishonourable cheeseparing policy so much to heart that his grief is said to have hastened hiB death. . Canada's policy towards the Bedman has been framed on more humane and straight- forward lines than that of the United States, but the Sioux who entered the Dominion with Sitting Bull some years ago were troublesome, for a time, now and then. Sit- ting Bull, who has been styled by the enter- prise of American journalism "the Napoleon of the Bedskins,' is undoubtedly . a born leader of men, a fact which has been proved over and over again in many a sortie by the great chief and his braves. About 1867 Sitting Bull was a blanket warrior on the plains. He was bold and independent, and despised the whites. Two years later he began to attract attention. One of his tribe was murdered--os he said in " cold blood." He met General Morrow for a "pow-wow" on the subject, and the General, foreseeing the difficulties that must arise, consented to " cover " the body-that is, he piled blankets and presents over the corpse until Sitting Bull declared himself satisfied. Prom his independent and fearless action on this occasion his success may be dated. His forces immediately began to grow in numbers and in influence, and ultimately he found himself at the head of one of the moBt powerful, tribes of the plains. He made his camp in the wildB, allowed no white visitors to his territory, and wished simply to be left alone. He never asked the Govern- ment for favors. He lived on the Yellow- stone Biver, claiming all the land along that stream and its tributaries. In 1875 and 1876 a trifling squabble (such as may usually be found at the root of these quarrels) led to a prolonged and bitter struggle, fortunately accompanied by little bloodshed. After doing all he could to koop his country he was forced to give it up, and to seek refuge under the British flag. Once in Canada, Sitting Bull and his people longed to return to the States. What has happened since is matter of such recent history that it is unnecessary to recall it here. pf rations and other 