. " BAPTIST CHUJFtOU-. the'Biptiat Church .on'.Siih4ay evening fley. Mr Gilliaon delivered; the .second address of a series upon The. Natural and the'l'Sjipernatiiral.".. . The , subject on : chit occasion 'was, Does man possess a.fao»lty,Qf supernatural insight by which lie may hi,19 direct, intercouae with the: supernatural world ? i'he. reverend gentleman began by, 1 referring to the discussion of a former evori ing when it- hiid -been eatablisheil-thnt all the ordinary.'.sources - of. human knowledge are bjflljd in the pursuit of spiritual iacts. 'All ^llie'<fi'tie' sense's fail hare.j.'-'MOneinray easily conceive of a; oup'orhatjral world and,; by an exorcise of the imagination lie may even people it with spirits -ghosts or fairies, angeis or devils, or with the great God hinl sclf, but ha'c>nhot oroBS the border-Hne and enter ,the unseen- ahiverao .and: make its acquaintance ; to him it exists only in his fanoy, not in his actuil experience., - With-, out,: tho-. gift . of a supernatural faculty-an organ of spiritual discernment -ho cannot even approach the confines of the spiritual world, or so 'muoh as peer into the .Mysterious territory of thei supernatural. On tho o her hand, it was urged, there were those' who could epiak ; of : these; matters fcom person il experience, an fexperience -the most palpable, indubitable and self evident. The' Christian did not speak of the supernaturnl world merely 011 the testi mony of inspired writers or On the authority of a book which they believed ta DO divine,; but of phenomena whioh have attested themselves to his own conscipusnesa, and which he had verified for himself' Some time -Vaa occupied with an historical sketch, .dwelling mainly on the -'history of religious, thought during the last, three centuries.: "The tendency of cur times is to explain mway the supernatural altogether. The Spirit of the Ago -that idol which so many worship-is decidedly materialistic." ^ This tendency was traoed to the progress in the study of tho physical and :n itural sciences The leaders of niturnl science have de throned the old instructors of mankind in the shape of philosophical and religious speculators. Tho secrets ofnature...»'rp! being disclosed one by one by moans of oloao'obBeivation and praetioul .experiment, ThiB is called. the scientific method ; it rebognises nothing but; physical phenomena and the laws whioh . govern matters.: 'T^io gigantic strides .' which' this method Has 1 n ibied science to make within recent /oars . and the.'substantial services it'haB rendered lo tankind, have gained the veneration of the masses for the scientific inveBtif»itor, nod have aooured "{or. Kink.; tfio faypur'of the iburrialist, tHo capitilisi,1 and tba stites inan; This is nil well.- But tho-follow-your ieador prinoipal is- strong in iq-jiyfcyj'andlao it oumes ithat hundreds!,antliousin'd',who can never claim tfott thenselves thoidigmty of knowing anything ..about: the -/matter, adopt the tone imd use tho langunga-of tho scientist, and beiomo tho dupes of their 01111 self- assertive dogmat'am. This tendency, to iipply the Bcientiflo teBt to everything! is what'' is - called the spirit of the age. Chemistry oinnot - analyse God's attributes, men cannot melfc 'their Oroator'in a orucible or pDUi d him with a pestle in the mortal - probably he doesn't exist I The anatomist has disiecttd the human frame, but neither : j'ija' lincet nor bis': microscope I hire, dis covered the BOUI-probably there isn't one I And-as :far angels, never :having had the pleasure of shaking, hai.da with one, !we must n't be too dogmatic about their exist ence. Supernatural things have not- boon discovered by the scientific method, there fore they are only the ? croaiures of an exalted'' fancy- corruscations from the dis I ordered brains of religions ' f.-m.tica 1 j A passing reference was made to modern1 spirit*.! sciences and'a side-light they throw upon this subject. It was suggested that this modi-rn tendoricy to materialism might not be, in itself, any worse or more hopeless, thiiii the crotlulity or half-sceptical religion of former ag^a Bettor an open foe than a false friend. The new cqhool-b-.y I in., lio'contiy believes all hiB sohool-matoB tell him till, finding'himself being impoaddion, he bolieveB nothing, and it iB only gradually he learns to distinguish between truth and falsehood. Everything, nothing, something, are the three stages of education. May-it no - bo that, the materialism of io-d»y 13 an' advMica upon fchu sujior* tition of yi38fcorday and may eventually, 011 eomo future | to morrow, usher in the millonium glory pf.a Christian liiith. As to the posEibilityj of ; having personal auces3 to the supernatural realm the testimony of Scripture was first appealed to. Then the testimony of jtht); Human Constitution wis aanoeoaj as ovidonco. When tho b into drawn jand tho bhuf.ova shut, du>ligUt wi 1 uitcu at-yl' ? iut.) thu darkened chnmbcr thr'iui> i chink* and orovioos, and in.fche Bumo way, tho.ugh fcho'ttpproijrl.to channel nf cqmmumeafton wibji the invisible , \Tpvld; b\j *Uut up, thoro cornea to us, tKrougK' aido-waya' hnd :byi paths* und ncuUnUd mtuim liooa ofita pi^flpco. Out of tho duijtJnod landscape wt» inuy h»ar wpud BoundB'OTia inystotioua prioa^ atid put o£ tho hidden th6r§ coowjrtio ua through bliyjo5|iBr Ranges hin,ta:.an^|'whispera of what VI fchetp. Thie testimony loEmyjiada of tfuafc worf'tiy anajirediblelwirnesaea around us was finally appsalod to. ; Shobld^tho blind man assert, in "opposition to the testimony of other?, that there is no suoh thing as light, we would not surely argue with him. There ace some whoso ignorance is their itrongeat ?po}nt^...But.jBa"alLlmow.....tbat...-thCTe ,aye hundreds of " shrewd, intelligent men ania womnn as capib'e of underatandipg- unci in-,f tetpreting their own experience 1 aa the' 'ahrewdes£"*aeeptic" ia,--and- ~nbu8e--~gbdlyi character establishes their oredibility ns witnesses "who tell us their religion is not a . matter of intellaotunl.belief but of oonscious pK?pn^Vinteriourae 'vsiithlth'e ti^seeiiivaSid thKfc'tho "Bupernktural la5 aa rilat to -their apirita,ps the pky.ja to th6ir fiight or tho aojid ground Wneatfy,their, feet^ it,waa-urgsd,'^ouid nqjj b.e., giiiniild'' '. '. 