News of the World. I Tun (loath is niiiiotnicod of tho Russia ti Grand Duko Nicholas. Tlio caso of thoiiou-fulPihnontofacontract has como hoforo Mr. Bruco Smith, Minis tor for Works, who has docidod that tho ponul tios must bo paid. I Tho English Promior states that tho - quostion of reparation on tho part of Por tugal for tho Boinuro of tho British vessols in tho Willou;liby oxpo'litiou is rosorvod. A largo withdrawal of gold has boon mado from tho Bank of England for Lisbon. Sontonuo of death has boon passed in Molbourno on John Finnognn, for tho murder of Roso Summers. Tho jury ro t timed a vordiot of guilty, with a strong l'ouoinmor.dutian for uioroy. In roforonoo to tho Qnoonscliff gun acci dent, Major Churchward statos that in his opinion tho propor drill for tho gun was being carried out at the time of tho acci dent. Now.h has been rocoivod at Cook town from Now Guinea of'tho doath of Father) Janet,, of tho Catholic Mission at Yulo Is- ' land, lie only wont thoro lust Christmas. Tho riots in Pennsylvania aro raging itorcoly, nud womon aro boing killed iu the struggle. Thp,ofl'octs of tho rocont gunpowder ox plosion in Rouio woro vory sorious. Sovorul windows of great valuo in tho Vatican and St. Potor's woro shattorod, und tho Popo, who was colobrating mass in tho Cathedral, was thrown down. Baron do Fava, Into Italiau Ministor to tho United Statos, has arrivod in Paris, and statos that consular relationship betwoou tho two Powers will not bo ronowod until a satisfactory settlement has boon arrivod ot ovor tho.Now Orloans lynching mattor. A tolognim from Tatnbo statos that unionist slioarors in tho main street openly eursod tho Almighty for sonding ruin to as sist tho squattors.:,. ? Tho syndicnto in England, for establish ing ironworks in tlio Illnwarra district, has I boon on largod. ?; All tlio capital rcquirou for starting tho works has boon sub.- c ibed. Tho aroa of tho Australian .coalliolds is ostimatod nt 25,000 squaro milos. Iu Groat Britain tho coalfiolds aroa is only 4000 equaro milos. ? Tho nows of thn sinking of tho Chilian ironclad Blanco Encalada by torpodoos has boon confirmed,- tho disastor boing attonded with groat loss of lifo. Largo quantities of gunpowder aro boing sont by Portugal to Mozambique. Lord Salisbury has chargod tho Irish hierarchy with endeavouring to securo pol itical control. Russia has ordorod ono million riflos from Austrian manufacturers. Tho Italian Govorumont is detormiuod to oxpol all anarchist agitators fro-n that kingdom. Tho shipping companies of Now Zoalaud havo agruod to.rodiico tho freight on frozon moat botween that colony aud England to Id per lb., at tlio ond of tho year. Tlio Victorian Statist ostiiriatos tho popu lation of tlio Austrahuu colonies at noarly 3, SflO, 000. Aftor this month cablo messages will bo s -Is I'd por word for privato cablegrams, and for ino press Is lid. Strenuous. oxortions aro boing made iu Now.Soiith: Walos and Victoria to avort a similar eontlict. to that being waged at presont in Queensland, botweon thopastor nlists and tho bush workors. Sinco the reducod postal rato to England has beon in force tho number of letters sont from Victoria has incroasod 80 por cont, and Now'South Wules 20 por cent. Tho Customs collections a,t Brisbane for last month show a decroa3o of £1,447, the amount rocoivod boing £02,098. The Souato of tho Uuitod Statos Congross have proposed moro stringent regulations with a viow to the oxclusiou of pauper immigrants. Mr. Gladstone denies having asked Mr. Parnoll to suppress auy attempt to establish tho Plan of Campaign. Throe millions starling has boen sub scribed for aiding the expatriated Russian Jows. A conference of 300 persons, including 40 niombors of tho House of Commons, was hold iu Loudon on Friday last to discuss tho quostion of tho oxclusiou of penniless foreigners from Great Britain. Politically Sir John Robortson ' is as doiul as Julius Orosiir.' It is only his ghost that spoaks. Conflicting accounts coutiuuo to bo recoivod from Chili, but tho rebels seom to bo iu tho ascondancy. It is reported that the kingdom of Hawaii (Sandwich Islands) will soon bo revolutionised in.tp. a Republic. Present conditions there seem to be vory un satisfactory. Much is hoard of tho ' ' wonderful ' rosourcos of tho soveral localities of Now South Wales, but. little is hoard of auy wonderful oft'ort to develop them. Tho report of tho Labour Federation Committee attributes the defeat of the labour party iu tho rocont stnko to the inoffoctivenoss of the power of the unions for conoortod action aud insufficient com mon defence funds. A syndicate in Adoluido proposes to apply to Parliamout for permission to construot an oleotric tramway between Adelaide and Glonolg. It is understood that a number of em ployees iu tho interlocking and locomotive branchos of tho N.S.W. Railway Depart ment has recoivod notico of dismissal. Prosidont Balmacoda, of Chili, is afraid of boing poisoned, and his mother prepares all his moals. Tho team of Victorian Mounted Rifles now on their way to tako part in the Royal ! Military Tournamont, will bo attachod, upon arrival, to thu Second Life Guards at Windsor. i Tho Rous Sugar Co. has scoured tho honor of introducing tho first locomotive to this district. | 