I THE ROSS ENCAMPMENT. A BillY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER ] , ¡ \ ' Friday.' From4 p.m. on Thursday to 1,30 a.m. on Friday the various detachments of troops were arriving at intervals in the camp. ' The Tunnack detachment came first, and were followed by contingents from Avoca, Fingal, St. Mary's, Campbell Town, Ross, Swansea, Gould's Country, Conara. Rino Thor, and St. Helens. Next came the North-West Coast turn, and then the Launceston Rifles and a portion of the Dorset Company, those latter marching into camp bonded by the St. Joseph's Band. The Tasmanian Rifle Rogi meat, which left Hobart by special train at 7.10 p.m. on Thursday, reached the ROsS Station at 1.30 a.m. this morning. Captain Chamberlain, of the Clyde contingent, also eight men of the Church, Company, arrived by the same train. The troops were marched into camp, and on arrival were supplied with, hot coffee and biscuits, The arrangements for their accommodation were looked after by Quarter-Master Tinker of the Tasmanian Rules, who had reached the scene of action with an ad- vance Part; the previous day. The regiment was in command of Major Reid, and all the men were comfortably under canvas half an hour after arrival, The officers comprised: Major Reid (in command), Captain Watchorn, GsplainOhaiubors (attached), and Lieutenant Penny. Lieutenant Reynolds, who missed the special, reached Ross by 10 30 a.m. to-day. The train from the North with the Launceston Artillery on board was passed at Parattah, and cheers were given and returned. The guards were mounted at 2.30 a.m. to-day, the Tasmanian Rifle Regiment furnish- ing Ule quarter guard, and the Second Battalion of Auxiliaries the rear. Major Reid was Officer of the Day, Captain T. H. Could, JJIUI., Captain of the Day, and Lieutenant G. Cragg, L.R.R,subaltern. The result was sounded at 5.30 a.m., and the work of the "ay soon afterwards commenced. After the ship was put in order, drill exercises were won. The Auxiliary men were exercised in company and battalion drill, and the Defence Force in battalion drill and attack formation. Lieut-Colonel Warner was in a general command with Major Wallack. The Tasmanian Rifles were under Major Reid, r and the L.R.R. Major 'Martin. Major Room, L.R.R., took charge of the No. 1 [ »«tWloll-'and Captain Walch, T.R.R., of No. 2, The men were put through a good ' rooming's work, and as a rule the evolutions were executed, under the circumstances, in a "refactory manner. R ? attendance has proved disappointing 11 total number in camp being only oN, 2 Plum cou were expected. It is stated that "'saying the country men were prevented from attending through threshing operations fflBR on at many of the farms. Then again i re,, Jacob urS very prevalent throughout the country, and some interested are afraid ÇODsetmimUy to leave their homes. Others '. f£J.uWhle,to obtain the requisite leave from F J S.. -SW-»Uo»Wi.Mid some stopped away '. rZÏ8'1 .TwHw«wUon. A, considerable Reef men .».??'.fi' tram Launceston had "got leave and return tonight, in order to be at business on Saturday, the shops being open on that day. To-day the state of the camp is given as follows Tasmanian Rifle Regiment 1 Hold officer, 2 captains, 2 subalterns, 5 sergeants. 1 warrant officer, 1 staff -sergeant, ii sergeants, 5 bugler., Di rank and file of ; total, 116. Launceston Rifle Regiment 1 field officer, 2 captains, 4 subalterns, 1 quarter-master, 2 warrant officers, 11 staff-sergeant. 10 sergeants 4 buglers, lil and of rank and file : total, 110. Cadets-3 sergeants, 1 bachelor. 4:1 rank and file; total, 123. First Battalion 1 field officer, 4 captains, 4 lieutenants, 2 sergeants, 5 braziers. 114 rank and file of total, 136. Second Battalion - 3 Capts 11s, (i lieutenants, 0 sergeants, 8 buglers, 125 rank and file e, total, 154. Grand total, 527. The auxiliary companies are runrcontod as follows Fingal, 12 men 1 Avoca, li; St. Mary's, 12, under Lieutenant Wardlaw. St. Helen's, 14 ; Blue Tier, 4 5 Gould's Country, 7, under Captain Fordson. Both- well Captain Chamberlain. Channel 10, Sergeant Bradley. Campbell Town, 20 e, Ross, 1 i ; Conara, 1 ; Swansea, 4, Captain W. Con hall. Scottsdale, 10 Derby 4, Adln^-Surgeant Oasspoult. Lefroy t. Captain Barker, Acting Adjutant. Forth, 17, Captain Brown. Ulver- stone,?, Lieutenant Hayes. Penguin, 13, Lieu t 'want Bruce. Don, 10, Captain McCall. West Devonport, (>, Lieutenant Finlayson. East Devonport, 11, Lieutenant Finlayson. Sheffield, U ; Latrobe, 8 ; Northdown, 5 ; Deloraine, 2: \V01thiiry 8, Lieutenant Tiirholl. Longford, 5, Lieutenant Hutchinson. Carrick, 8 ; Oatlands, 2; Tunnack !); Binnie, 12; Somerset, 10, Lieutenant Miller. Table Cape, is Stanley, 12, Lioiitonaiit Spicer. Surgeon E. M. Giblin, of thereby., has been in charge of the hospital touts, assisted by Ambulance Sergeant Rawson, L.R.R. This morning? Heath, a cadet in the Launceston Corps, took an epileptic fit, and was admitted to the hospital, where he soon recovered. A diamond snake, 4ft. 6in. in length, was shot near the camp lines this morning. The general camp arrangements have so far, with few exceptions, every satisfaction. Major Wal- lack has received her compliments upon all sides for the manner in which he has directed the laying out of the camp. The work done by the Permanent Artillery men has also been most creditable, every instruction having been carried out in a soldier like manner. Sergeant Goucher, as usual, has attended well to the department under his charge, and is as popular as over. The number of texts on the ground islE'J. before the tents were erected Major Wal- (nek ordered the burning away of the long dry grass on the site of and around the camp. In having this done he undoubtedly acted with wisdom, for this afternoon, whilst the troops were drilling a tract of grass land in proximity to the general parade ground was set on fire, and the Auxiliary men were dismissed In order to combat the flames which they did with the aid of green boughs. A tract of country about one mile long was cleared of grass in a remarkably short space of time. A considerable number of rabbits were forced from their holes, and several exciting chases resulted. This afternoon the Tasmanian and Launceston Rifle Regiments were marched out of camp to near the foot of a hill overlooking the sides, and exercised in volley and made Iiendont tiring. Shooting was started with blank cartridge at 1,000 yards, and with ball from 540 up to 200 yards, i A considerable number of men availed themselves of the general leave this evening and went into the township, where their conduct was generally satisfactory. The evening is beautifully fine, and the camp has been on livened for wheat hours by selections by the St. Joseph's said _ Saturday. The bugles ran out early, and in a few minutes the camp was all astir. The night had been warm and mild, and the have that lay around the hills gave token of a warm day. The officer of the day was Major Room, and the various detachments were exercised in company drill by their respective offices while breakfast was being got ready. The usual work of cleaning til) went on meantime, and everything was in apple-pie order by the time the men were dismissed for breakfast. As the morning; advanced the sun got very hot, and there was hardly a breath of air stirring. i At 10 o'clock the bugles sounded, and shortly after the whole force assembled on the parade ground, and were formed into three battalions, No. 1 under command of Major Reid, consisting of the Tasmanian Rifles ; No. 2, comprising the Auxiliaries, under Major Room, with Captain Walch as acting adjutant, and No. 3, coiu.istiii.ir of the Launceston Rifles under Major Martin. Lieut.-Colonel Warner took command, and put them through a course of brigade drill. They marched post in mass of quarter column at the trail with 30 paces interval between the columns, then formed line in quarter column on the leading'; column, and marched past a tram in line of quarter column, wheeled; back to their original position. The officers with the colours took up the post, and the whole brigade advanced. The invo- lutions took up the time until past noon, when, headed by the band, the force returned to camp. The exercise was cut a little short on account of the heat. Major Martin, owing to indisposition, had to retire, and several from the ranks full out The oppressive. weather caused the men to partake of freely of water, and a mild form of dysentery is prevalent, whilst several! were thoroughly knocked out of time with the boat. The following was the parade state i E.R.R., UD ; T.R.R., 103 ; first battalion Auxiliaries, 11!) : Micotid battalion, 12!): total, 441. Mr. D. West, who had the canteen, is not having a very lively time of it. In the first place, then be applied for the usual permit to the local magistrates there was trouble. Although he had entered into a bond with the military authorities only to sell to those I in uniform the Ross magistrates insisted on his entering into another bond for £100 be fore they would grant the permit. There has been a good deal of friction over it, as it is considered the magistrates have overstepped their power, for although they may have the power to refuse point blank, they have no power under the Act to impose those restrictions. Mr. West considers that as a well known victualler in Hobart, accepted by the military authorities and under bond to them, tim permit should have been forthcoming without demur. The consequence is that the permit has been dispensed with, and a son try has been placed over the canteen with strict orders to exclude all civilians. There have been very few visitors to- lay, and although two excursion trains ran from Launceston the carriages were nearly as numerous as the passengers. A few of the district residents put in an appearance, and watched the Auxiliaries being put through their drill with evident interest. Speaking of drill, a special word of praise is due to Capt. Connell, of the Midland Company, and Lieut. Wardlaw, of the Cornwall Company, for the efficiency of that under their command, especially at company drill. Nor were those under Captain Brown, of the West Devon, and Lieut. Spicer, of the Wellington companies, much behind them. This was evidently due to the fact that the officers themselves knew thoroughly what they wanted done and how it should be performed. The commissariat department seems to give very general satisfaction, although of. course if " Hunter' " was catering for their souls would growl. The food is plentiful and good, and there is no lack of cooking utensils, etc. The Iron bars for the kitchens, simple as they are, area great convenience us they prevent the sides caving in in the afternoon to auxiliaries were formed into one battalion and marched on to the parade ground, where Major Wallack took command and put them through a thorough course of drill. It was soon evident that the men had profited by former instruction, for from the start they performed the evolutions creditably, and well deserved the words of praise that fell from the lips of their Commanding Officer at those so. .... . Til-!-l..T".«,l»,l|"H,"l."( The two rifle regiments proceeded to the foot of the hills where the targets had been erected, a distance of about two miles, and there they practised the attack under the command of Lieut-Colonel Warner. Blank ammunition was served out, and the rattle of musketry was heard intermittently as the corps went through their work. On the return square drill was practised, the four company- s form- ing into hollow square, and marching on the camp, now and then forming to receive cavalry and practising the various movements. It was the intention of Lieut.-Colonel Warner to give them a turn at outpost duty to- day, but on account of the heat he postponed it, as it meant covering a lot of ground in heavy . order. There has been a good deal of comment on the wisdom of pitching the camp at Ross. It certainly has the advantage of being centrally situated, but the fact of it being in the, country has certainly had an affect on the attendance of the Auxiliary Forces If it is near either of the cities there is an additional incentive for the countrymen, as they have the chance of not only seeing their friends there, but of finding a little diversion after the day's work is over. The charm of going to town " is lost, and the few hours' journey saved does not compensate for the loss of it. Strict militarists will doubtless say that duty should be incentive enough, but that same " duty " is often a dull jade, and is none the worse for a little "diversion." The old trouble of pay agent is also a theme of discussion among the countrymen, and I I am informed in several quarters that mine I bora are stopping away as a protest against the invidious distinctions made. "Pay all or pay none" is the cry, " but do notnmko fish of one and fowl of another." Uno well-known officer of the Auxiliary Force informed me that men in his corps were paying substitutes 8s. a day while they attended camp. This kind of game, though, Boon loses its novelty. The cry is not so much for pay as for treatment all round alike. From a railway point of view, the placing of the camp at Ross is a frost, and the passengers so far will not pay for grease. The distance is too far, and to bring a party means molloy. Our camp, too, this time is an extra quiet one, besides being a small one. We miss the Artillery with the boom of the big guns, the rattle of carriages, and the genial faces of their popular officers. But if it is quiet it is very orderly. The old system of granting individual leave is done away with, and general leave is granted to all from the time to !)."0. Placing the men on their honour has worked very well so far, and the cases where leave has been broken have been few and far between. The night is very quiet and still, and there is hardly a breath of air Ltlirlng. The order has just gone round out It flits, so, boring blind man's holiday, I will close for the night, Monday. The rain, which had been threatening, came down last night, but not to any great extent, and it still looks dull and gloomy. Before His Excellency left yesterday he accompanied the staff officers in a tout inspection, and they were found in a very creditable condition. The Midland company, who had theirs done up in the same manner as that adopted by the N.Z. mounted infantry, came into a well deserved mood of praise. The band, enlivened the Sunday afternoon by playing in front of headquarters, and after a little exercise of the auxiliaries in company drill the whole force were set at liberty. There were a good many local visitors during the afternoon, but a shower about 9 o'clock sent all to their homes, and the men to their tents. It continued to drizzle more or loss, and the night was very dark so before the moon rose, of there was little incentive to leave cover. From various tents the sounds of well-known hymns could be heard, at times interspersed with other popular songs that could hardly be dHbbod classical. The sound of the evening gun was almost a species of relief, and few were out of bed half an hour afterwards. Several showers full during the night, but the thirsty ground soon absorbe 1 it, and no inconvenience was felt Morning broke very unpromising, heavy clouds hanging round the hills, accompanied by a light rain. This had the effect of postponing the operations of the day until it cleared up a little about 8 o'clock. Major J Reid was the field officer of the day, with Captain Gould as second in command, and Lieutenant Chapman as subaltern, Captain Chamberlain acting for the Auxiliaries, and Lieutenant Riggall as subaltern. The day's programme was an attack on the camp by the twoRifloUo^Imonts, the defence being ontriiLtod to the Auxiliary Forces. A ration of Jib. of saveloy or Come close and lb. of biscuit, with 25 rounds of blank ammuni- tion, were served out to each man. The attacking force was in command of Major Martin, whose skilful tactics have more than once gained him credit in this direction, The force was paraded, and soon after marched out, and were lost to sight in the direction of Horton College. Major Wallack had charge of the defenders, with Major Room in charge of the right battalion, and Major Walch in charge of the left. Captain Connell acting as aide-de-camp to the commander. Lieutenant-Colonel Warner went with the attacking force, which marched about two miles and a half down the Hobart-road, halting when about 200yds. beyond Horton College. Here they were formed into companies, Captains Watchorn and Chambers, with Lieutenants Penny and Reynolds, having command of the two companies of the Southern Rules, Captain Sadler, with Lieutenant Cragg, and Captain Gould, with Lieutenant. Burrows, loading the Launceston Rifle i, while the Cadets were under Lieutenant Chapman. The T.R.R. occupied the open down to the road, and the Cadets were posted on the road to Summercotes, and commanded the railway bridge and portion of the road. The L.R.R. were posted next of the hills, and throw out pickets, some of which occupied the crests. The defence force proceeded to repel the attack by Major Walch detaching a small company under Captain Miller to occupy the hill on the extreme left, near the Wesleyan Church, for fear of the attacking force finding a ford, and by crossing the river deliver the attack on that. side. Then came Acting Major McCall, who occupied the left ft out, and lined the badges in the vicinity of Jackson's farm with his companion", consisting mainly of the North-West Coast mon. Lieut. Bruce supported him on the left, and Lieut. Spicer on the ri die. The right front was defended by the Midland and Cornwall Companies. Lieut. Finlayson with a small party occupied some wattles in the rear of a fence, his line just fueling Lieut Rpicor's company, while on the hills to the right were the main body of these companies lining the hills, and guarding from an attack by the valley there debouched on the plain near Mr. M cBcan's residence. Capt. Barker, with Lieuts. Ri<?c:all, Wardlaw, and Bennett, were in command here, and Majors Wallack and Room wore on the fall of the hill. The idea of the attack was that an enemy had arrived by train from Hobart and detraining near Suiumercotos, proceeded to attack the camp. The ground was admirably suited both for attack and defence. The rear of the camp was guarded by the Macquarie, which also ran along the left flank. This flank was open by the bridge on the main road, and the river being low was fordable in places. The attack could have been delivered in this direction, but in the absence of pontoon bridges and artillery only at the expense of fording? the river, to it was practically considered barred. The most open point was the right front in under cover of the range of hills. The enemy could have advanced until within a mile, and thou by coming down either of the valleys that run down near McBean's, have made a dash for the camp. The front attack was the most open, for it was plain country, with the hills on one side and the river on the other, but the bed TOS, farmhouses, and river bank, gave excellent cover and rallying points. It had the disadvantage of being exposed to a flank fire from the defenders on the hills, and the latter wore posted in force there both for that purpose and also to guard the covered attack by the valleys mentioned. The attack- ing party had scarcely marched out when heavy rain fell wanting the men through, and they had hardly been posted in the positions stated when they were recalled on to the road, and It was decided to give up the attack. It, however, cleared up, and as the men were eager for the fray and anxious to burn powder, an open attack on the front was agreed on. The force moved up and were first met by the skirmishers extended from Major McCall's company, who opened fire on the Southern Rifles at about 80yds. and retired on their main body. The fire was warmly returned, the Southerners leaving the road and advancing across the fields in extended order. Lieut. Bruce's and Spicer's companies formed in the fray, and shortly after the rattle of musketry on the right told that the Launceston Rifles had come within range of Lieut. Bnnnutt's force, who were ambushed among the rocks lining the face of the ridge. The Cadets were on the extreme right nearer to the light side, and were ordered to push forward to repel any flanking movement on the part of the defenders. This just suited Kirkham's lambs," who went up the rocky ground in fine style, and soon came in contact with the Auxiliaries posted on the crest of the ridge. Meanwhile the attack went merrily, the Rifles advancing at the double at times, and taking advantage of every bit of cover to halt, kneel, and deliver a volley, but the Launceston Rifles were exposed to a severe fire from Lieut. Bennett's company on the side of the hill and those under Lieut. Finlayson, in fact the defenders soon reckoned they had " made ghosts" of them. Major McCall's company fell back under the attack of the Southern Rifles, on their supports, and the Launceston Rifles were getting into close quarters when the bugle rang out "Cease firing," and the troops halted, and forming up into companies, marched into camp. In the absence of umpires it was impossible to say which side had the host, so both claimed the victory. The force had hardly got back to camp and the men set down dinner, when a heavy thunderstorm broke over the camp, and it came down properly flooding the tents Rain fall at intervals during the afternoon, and it was too damp for other manoeuvres, so the men were allowed liberty. There have been one or two breaches of discipline, One member of the Launceston Rifles was dismissed the camp for insulin ordination, and two members of the I'er manent Force were sent to the lock-up for 24 hours for a like offence. The majority of the Launceston Rifles left camp this afternoon, and several of the Southern Rifles. A few also of the Esk Company left by the mid-day train. At the time of writing it is still raining. [BY ELECTRIC TUMBAPH,] Shortly after 4 the rain ceased, but not until it had rendered things generally damp and uncomfortable. The Launceston Rides all left by special at 5 o'clock, and some of the South Yarra Rifles at 7, neatly half the troops altogether having gone home. The Tottenham Trophy will be fired for to-morrow morning, the entries at present being Midland, Portland, Stanley, and West Devon (2). No work has been done this afternoon, the only oxcitomantboiug a tug-of-war between a few of the country men and Southern Rifles, which the former won. The night is cloudy, and more tain is hanging about. < 