CONCERT AT MAllliABEL. [From a correspondent.] The annual concert in aid of the funds of St. Agnes's Church, Marrabel, was held in the Catholic schoolroom on the night of of the 25tlr inst., and proved to be a decided success, both financially and in regard to the character of the perfor mance. Several persons who toot part in it displayed culture and training to a degree of perfection that was highly creditable to them. The audience com prised about 200 persons (besides children), who thoroughly enjoyed the amusement provided. The chair was taken by Mr. Samuel Dawson, J.P., at about S o'clock, and he opened the proceedings in a few well-chosau remarks, and announced that the first act on the programme was an j overture by Miss L. Carrigg, which was played in a most artistic manner, and she was greeted with a round of applause. The ii^xt was a song by Mr. A. Povell, whose fine bass voice chorded harmoniously with the accompaniment on the piano, and he received cheers. Mrs. McNamara, then sang " Queen of My Heart" with good effect. Then followed a step-dance by Mr. E. Morris—&}ig, "The Irish Washerwoman." His attitude and costume were appropriate, bat he failed to dance the number of steps to do justice to that well-known and popu lar tune of the Emerald Isle. However, he did his best, and was applauded for his efforts. After a song by Mr. Tamblyn, the noted comic singer, Mr. E. Blunt, appeared on the stage -amid cheers from the audi ence. His song caused roars of laughter, and he was obliged to respond to an encore. Miss Laui-a Carrigg then sang in excellent style " The Nightingale's Thrill," and was cheered and encored. The next on the list was a duet, which was cleverly rendered by Mesdames Tamblyn and Hill. Mr. White then sang a popular comic song and was heartily applnuded. A .sailor's hornpipe, *' Jack's the Lad," then followed, danced by Mr. E. Morris, whose costume, attitude, and imitation of sailor's life was faultless, but stepping somewhat deficient. It was cleverly played by Miss Carrigg-. Mr. Povell then sang with good effect, and was applauded The next was a song, by Mrs. M. McNamara, " The Irish Immigrant," which she sang with feeling and distinct articula tion. Mr. Dawson then announced that the next singer would be a ghost, and a real live one, too. This proved to be Mr. Blunt, who appeared on the stage in a mysterious manner enveloped in a white sheet, and caused great amusement. After delivering a piece of elocution he concluded by singing a comic song descriptive of marriage life, at the conclusion of which he was greeted with loul applause, and had to respond to an encore. This concluded the first part of the performance, and, after an interval of ten minutes, the Auburn " Snowflakes" appeared on the sta^e, and their nigger appearance, comicalities, and discourse excited almost continual laughter. The members of it were—Mr. F. Field, interlocutor; Mr. J. Millard, bones; Mr. G. Morris, tambo; Miss L. Carrigg, pianist; and Messrs. H. Castine, P. Roberts, J. Philipps, J. Mossley, and E. Castine, each of whom sang and then arranged themselves on chairs in a line, and, with accompaniment on the piano, imitated a railway train in full steam. This concluded the performance 1 amidst loud cheers. A hearty vote of thanks to the company of performers was then proposed by Mr. JohnO'Dea, jun., and also to Mr. Dawson for presiding. After the national anthem was sung by the performers the entertainment was brought to a close at half-past ten o'clock, the audience seern inghighlypleasedatwhatthey had seen and heard. Shortly after, the ball commenced, 1 and dancing was kept up, to the strains of the violin and piano, until beyond the " wee hours o' the morn," when the reflection of Old Sol on the horizon reminded the young folk that it was time to " gang awa hame." 