'WHAT IB THE GHUROH. The followlg paper was read by ; the Rev. , Dr. Wilkinson at the Ohurch Association Meeting, Leamington, Jan. 8, 1891. In common langnage a building is f requent- ly, by a fignre of speeoh, called a " ohurch," on account of the persons oontained it ; but never so in tlie acriptures. . InlaeNew ieBra- ment the general meaning of " the chnroti " is an aBBembly:selected and called out of the world by the Gospel, to worship. God in Obrlat, according to His Word. In this sense itoocars often : " Paul unto the Ohnrch which is at: .Corinth John to tbofpeven Ohurohes which are in Asia " ; "At that time there was. a great perseoution; against the Ohurch which was at, Jerusalem." It also means the "faithful in Ohrist Jesus" belonging ; to one family— e.g., " Salute Nympbas and the Ohurch whioh is in his house." " Greet Friscilia and Aquila, likewise the Ohurch that is in their house." The Church, in this sense, is oomposed of two parts — the outward and visible, and the in ward and invisible. In this outward and visible Cbaroh, the . Twenty-sixth Article of the Ohurch of England declares that " the evil is ever mingled with the good, and eometimes the evil have chief authority in the ministry of the Word and sacraments." This Article of our Church ought to be kept well in re membrance ; : for snob is the ignorance in spiritual things, of the spiritually dead, that they generally, conclude that the mere appointment to an ofSce in the visible Ohuroh is a snfiioient proof of the spiritual fitness of snob ofiScials for that office, and the higher the office the greater they sappose this fitness to be, directly contrary to the Ohurob'a Article just quoted. In the outward and visible Ohuroh the evil ever preponderates; throngh the corruption of human nature; This is appareui iroiu the very beginning. The family of our first parents, Adam . and Eve, termed the first Church ou earth, and the very, first man born into it, Gain, was of " that wioked one''; and thus the seed -'of the serpent intermingled with the "seed of the woman, " and the enmity, fore-dained of God, between the two; seeds oommanced,. and, according to the forwarningpi Ohrist, was con- tinned down to the present time, and will contiiiue to the end of the , world. Where there is no appearance of this enmity, bnt all is peace and men-pleasing — of which deceivers bO much boast — there can be no true-Ohurcb of God. This preponderance of evil in the outward and visible Church, which is left on record of the first Church oni earth, will con tinue down to the very last. Cain introduced a worship contrary to, God's ordinance, and although God never left Himself without a witness — of whioh Abel and Enoob were two — yet the wiokednese of man increased to such an extent, notwith- standiug the preacbiug of Noah, that God destroyed all mankiud save Noah and bis family. Such was the oorrnptiun of human nature, that even when Noah had offered up sacrifice to God, and of which " the Lord smelled a sweet savour," that " the Lord said in His heart, I will not any more enrse the ground for man's sake, fur the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth ; neither will I any more smite any living thing as I have done." Such was the end of family ohiirches. „ 111 ooDsequenoe of. this ovil in mankind in general, God chose for Himseif one man oat of the fallen race of Adam, to form of him a nation, which, as snoh, should be His own peculiar people, separate from ; the rest, of I mankiud. This .was Abraham, and when God call him out. He promised not only to make him a great nation, and to give to bim and his seed the land of Oariaan, but also that in his seed all the families of the earth should be blessed. In the fulness of time Abraham became a great nation in the children of Israel, and God was their king. Wlren, how ever, they had increased greatly in numbers, they desired to cast off God as their king, and asked for a king like the kings of the nations around them. At this God was greatly displeased, yet lie granted their request and " gave them a king in bis wrath and took him away in his displeasure." For this chosen nation God had provided a leader and law giver in Moses, a priest in Aaron, and a Tabarnacle for worship, in whioh was the meroy-seat and the Divine Presence upon it. He appointed for them also a form of national worship, witn ordinances, peremonies, and sacrifloes, so that nothing was wanting to them. j Bventually He gave them David to be their king — a man after His own heart — and Solomon to gnide themr by his wisdom and to build a temple for their public worship. He raised up also faithful men of God — true prophets to instrnot, warn, and rebuke, them. Moroover, He chastened and corrected them, and Huffiarad them to be carried away, captive for their idolatry, yet brought them back -again and showed favour unto them. ' And what efCeot had all this upon the chosen nation ? They hardened their hearts still more and more against God, and filled up their cup of iniquity by slaying His prophets and putting to death His only begotten Son, the promised Messiah that shonld come into the world. The separation of the chosen nation from the rest of mankind had now fulfilled God's purpose, inasmuob as ;the promised see df Abrahhm, which was to be a blessing to all the families of the earth, had come in Ohrist. God's long-snfferi ng towards this rebellioda ' nation and Ohnrch now changed to judgmeht. '' He destroyed their city, Jerasalem, burnt their temple, and snffered the people to be carried away captive— dispersed among all the nations of the earth— and henceforth to be a taunt and a byeword to' all. This w;aB ' the end of a National Ohuroh, the Church of Godla chosen nation. Henceforth there waa to he "No difference between the Jew and " the Greek, for the same Lord over all is rich ' nnto all that call upon Him ; for whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord sdall be saved." Henceforth God is no respecter of ' persons, for in the matter of favour and. sal;- vation the Jew hath no advantage over "the - Gentile. . ' Ohrist has now come into the wqrld,;ndt to, form a new ontward and visible nation and ' Ohnrch, but " to seek and to save that ' wbioli'' was lost." And what was lost ? I ' -i,' God's elect people, " chosen ih-Ohnst before the foundation of the world," anil given '5y ; the Father to , the Son, for liis inheritance. These were lost in the midst of-ithis " world lying in the evil one." ' Christ came to v'soek and call these, and to die to redeem them ! from the bondage of Satan and the doraiafon-.' of sin, and to bring them intb , the glorions liberty of the children of God. ' ' Yet before He died He chose His Apostles, and sent them out into the world to preadh' the Gospel to every creatnre, not to the Jews only, but to all mlankind, that " whosoever believed in Him might be saved." The object of the Apostles, as also of every Christian rninister, is, as our Ordination Service' expresses it, to go as watohmen and messengersl of Ohrist, to soak for Ohrist's sheep, arid His' children, that are dispersed in the midst of this naughty world, that they may be saved through Ohrist for ever— not to convert and save the world or form merely outward Ohurohes, but to save the sheep. It is these elect people of God, drawn to Ohrist by the preaching of the Gospel and the regeneration of the Holy Ghost, that form the true Ohuroh- of Christ — the Ohurch of the Living/God. Not an outward and visible Ohuroh, bint an iuward and spiritual one, known to God, alone, though intermixed with the outward, and visible Ohurohes of Christendom. The true Ohuroh, then, consists of all. the elect saints of God, of what nation soever, who make one body, whereof Jesus Ohrist is the head. Christ loved this Ohurch and gave Himself for it that He might sanotify and. cleanse it with the washing of water by the Word, that He might present it to Himself a glorion's Ohuroh. r ' , When the. last member of this Ohdrobiis gathered into the fold for whioh we piray in" the Burial Service, this world will come to an end, _ and God wiU then send.His angels to. gather all the elect from the four winds of heaven. . ' , , ' ' All family and outward and visible Ohurohes have. always become iriore and more corrupt as they increased in nnmbers : wit ness the Seven Ohurohes iu Asia and. the' Ohuroh of Rome at the present time ; whereas the . true Ohurch has ever "grown in grace and in the knowledge of onr Lord and Savionr Jesus Ohrist," while merely outward and visible Cburcbes have perished. " Against this Ohurch the gates of hell itself shall never prevail." For all the members thereof are not only " chosen in Chriet before the fonnda- tion of the world," when tlieir names were all written in the Lamb's Book of Life, hiit they were all redeemed with an eternal re demption, and delivered from the wrath to come. They were all regenerated with " the incorruptible seed of the Word of God, which liveth and ahideth for ever," and they nre all " kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation," that they can never perish. ' The sole object of unregonorate, mere officials in ontwsrd and visible Obufohes is to form such Ohnrobes, and " inake a fair show in the flesh and merchandize of men's spul's," whioh, after the Pope of Rome, they accom plish by the assumption of priestly powers and the grossest Popish superstition in., the nse of the sacraments ; or,' on the other hand, by a religion according to the light of nature, to the ignoring of the depravitv of man,:by the. fall of Adam, and the Atonement ! of Christ, as a satisfaotion to the justice of God for the sins of the elect. Such a religion pro duces nothing more than Ohurohianity, what ever the seot may be, and the title they affect is " Ohnrobmen." The object of the true ministers of, Ohrist— "pastors after God's own heart "-on, the contrary, is, as before said, " to , feed,' 'and teach and premonish the family of God, and to seek for Christ's sheep that ate dispersed abroad, and for His ohildren who.are in the midst of this naughty world, that they niay be saved through Christ for ever '' (Ordina tion Berviqe). , . ,, -j ; They do this by the ' preaching ...of, the Word, "not shunning to declare all the oaansel of God, whether men will hear or whether they, will forbear," hot seeking to please men and make a fair show in the flesh, but to gather the " little fiook " into the fold of Christ. They lift up Christ as this alone and all-sufficient Saviour, and the Holy Ghost as the sole and all-sufficient regeuorator and sanotifiar, and the everlasting love of God as ' the foundation of man's salvation. . ! This religion is Ohristianity, not mere Ohurohianity. It forms true Ohriatians, and these form the true Ohuroh of Christ, against which " the gates of bell itself shall not prevail." Of some Ohrist said, " Ye believe not, because ye are not of , my /.sheep!' ; whereas of these latter He said, " My sheep he'ar My voice, and I know them, and they follow Me. . " A stranger will the not f ollovv, . . . . for they know not the voice -of strangers. . . and I give nnto them eternal life. They shall never perish ; neither shall any man plnok them ont jof My hadd. My Father is greater than all, and no ; man is able to plnok them ont of My Father's hand." Thus, different from the merely outward and visible Ohnrqhes in the world,' which all come to an end and perish, the trne Ohnroh of Ohrist is gathered out of the " world lying in-the evil one," and " kept the power' of' God through' faith unto salvation." 