IKtoatoxe. A FATAL PAST.1 By DORA RUSSELL, Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The Broken Seal,' 'The Track of the Storm,' 'A Bitter Birthright,' &c;, &c; (Published by special arrangement with the author jJl rights reserrei] Chatter V. — The Heir. Lady Ennismore was a woman or the world. She had been trained in the school which teaches us to hide and suppress the strongest feelings of our nature, bus it took all her train- . ing to meet Helen and Roche apparently un moved. But she did meet them thus. Sne received them with the smiling courtesy of manner for which she was remarkable. 'You have arrived, then?' she said to Hoclie as she shook hands with him. 'Did you meet my madcap girls- among the hills ?:) Helen jumped off her pony at these words and slid her arm through Lady Enuisniore's. ' You must not scold,' she said, putting her pretty face eoaxingly up to her friend's. *' Judy wasn't a bit to blame— I' would go — ?are- wpnt, nn to the station to see the train come in and Mr. Roche and Mr, Curzon got out — and they didn't know the way, so we said they might come with us.' ; ' And this is the young lady who calls her self Madam Propriety, Sir. Roehe V answered Lady Ennisniore. ''Well, my dear, I shall - not scold you this time.' And she laid her j hands caressingly on the young girl's shoulder. ; Scarcely bad Helen thus explained how she | came to be with Roche, when Julia and young ' Curzon joined them. i ' I knew my old friend again at once, Lady j Knnisniore, a&d; claimed her acquaintance,35 said i Curzon, looking smilingly at Julia. ' And I i think, ': he added, '1 see another old friend ; here?' And Curzon shook hands with Maud j Bingham, Lady Ennisinore's second daughter, i bv whoni'she was accompanied, and who was j rather a peculiar-looking girl of twelve. j ' How are you, Miss Punch ?' he said. j *? I am very well,' answered Miss Punch ; ; ?'but I do not in the least remember who you ! are.11 i ' What a blow to my vanity, said Curzon j laughing. ' What 1 Have you forgotten all mv delicate attentions to you. Miss Punch— all the love I made long, long ago T 'I remember you now,' said Miss Punch. ' You often walked with Miss Sinclair— and the said you were a pert, pretty boy.' 'Oh, Maud !' exclaimed Lady Ennisniore reprovingly, while Helen Drammond and Roche laughed aloud, for Curzon absolutely bluehed and was young enough to feel an noyed. 'And this young gentleman?' said Roche the nest moment, patting the eaeek of the beautiful boy by Lady Ennismore's side. ' What is your name, sir V ' Robert Patrick Bingham, commonly called Pat,' said Helen, answering for the child. ' Isn't that your name, Pat?' ? 'Robert- Patrick Bingham, and I shall be Ijord Ennismore,' saidthe boy, looking up with I his innocent, fearless* blue eyes in Roche's face. ... ' Hush, ?? hush, darling,' said Lady Ennis XQore, and -ahe stooped down and kissed her little son's bright curls. ' Never talk of being lord Ennismore— it would be a sad, sad day for mother when she heard her boy called by his father's name.' Before the child could reply Helen Druui mond bad caught him in her arms and had mounted him on one of the dun ponies. 'Come, Master Pat,' she said, 'let us see how well- you can ride.'5 Pat. with- the sweet ehangeablenass of child hood, at once forgot all about bis father's name.' 'I can ride better than Judy,' lie said, ' ;cause she's a girL' 'And you think boys can do anything better than girls, Pat'?' said Roche smiling. 'Ah, young man, you have not yet come to the age of wisdom.' And he looked with his merry, dark eyes at Helen as he spoke. ' And you have come to the age of wisdom, of course?' said Helen with some archness. 'I have come to the age at least when I admire girls more than boys,' answered Roche, still smiling. *' Men in my opinion are not to be compared to women.' 'Women act more than men,' said Helen. ' And what do yon know about acting -child ?' asked Lady Ennismore, with a sad ring in her voice and a somewhat sad look in her eyes as they fell on Helen's blooming face. 'What story book have you been reading, Helen, for of the real acting on life's stage you can know nothing?' 'Not yet,' eaid Roche, for Helen blushed and did not speak, ' but her time will 'come, Lady Ennismore. We all play our parts, you know, in the tragedies and comedies around us.' ? ' True,' said Lady Ennismore, and she gave a quick, low sigh. ? 'And this sturdy boy?' continued Koeue, putting bis arm round the little heir, who was still mounted on the pony. 'Life will _ be alwavs a pretty jolly kind of comedy for him, eh?'* ' As far as we can foresee,' anstvered Lady Ennbmore. ' I should like to change places with him,' said Roche lightly. Again Lady Ennismore gave a quick low sigh and then she looked gently, almost pity ingly, in the young man's good-looking face. 'I hope your life will be happy also,' she said. 'But look,' she added quickly, point ing to a house before them, which a suddeu turn of the road had brought in view, 'yonder is Brackenford. I was born there, Mr. Roche — and — and all the tragedies of my life have happened beneath that roof.' 'The tragedies of your life?' repeated Roche, looking at Lady Ennismore in sur prise. 'I suppose you are joking, Lady Ennismore, your life can have had no tragedies?' ' How can you tell ?' answered Lady Ennis more. ' One great tragedy that all the world knew happened there. Sty young brother, Norman, in the prime of his life, was carried into that house with a fatal gunshot wound in his throat. It killed my mother. That was tragedy enough, was it not*' Ye?. Mr. Roeiie, there are shadows over many lives which out wardly eeem all fair and bright.' LadV Ennismore's lips- quivered snd her j cheeks flushed as she said these words, and : Francis Roche felt convinced from that , moment that all had not gone smooth in the j career of this apparently mo3t prosperous j lady. ' I ' We all have some troubles, I suppose/' he said. ' Yes,?' answered Lady Ennismore absently, as if her mind were still dwelling on some painful subject. But suddenly, with almost an impatient gesture she roused herself. i 'You will think you are going to a very j melancholy place I fear, Mr. Roche,' she said, j looking at the young man with her charming | smile, ' but I assure you it is not so, No one i can be melancholy with Lord Ennismore. He I has the brightest temper, the sweetest temper j I ever met. He is like a big child I tell him, | and he has carried into middle age all the j joyousness of extreme youth.' j ' He is a lucky man,' answered Roche. 'He is a happy man. 1 hope,' said Lady Ennismcre. ' You should see him with the child,' and she looked back at her boy as she said this, who_ was a few yards behind them still on Helen's pony, who was leading it. 'Lord Ennismore worships that boy,' she added in a lower tone. 'Sometimes I fear he loves him too much — that if anything were to happen to Pat ? :' 'You must not think of anything happening to Pat,' said Roche kindly. ' Do you know ; that I shall begin to think you take sad views ! of life. Lady Ennismore.' j ' I am older than you are, and that explains it,' said Lady Ennismore, and again she smiled. ' But here we are at home,' she con tinued, for they had now reached a wall which enclosed the private grounds of Brackenford at this spot, and in which there was a small locked doorway which Lady Ennismore j opened with a key. . j Inside this wall everything told of wealth. The house at Brackenford was built liberally on the hillside, but the hillside was cultivated and adorned, and art as well as nature h-».d contrived to make the place wonderfully beau tifuL There were rustic bridges over a gush ing little stream that fell gurgling down arti ficial cascades and rockwork, and murmured through woods and thickets and ferns, while above all, towering up grand and grey, were the great hills which no hand had touched. The house was picturesque, though some what fanciful. Mr. Maiden had been a rich man, a very rich man, and he had built his house without counting the cost. Then the unfortunate young Norman Maiden, who had died such -an untimely death, had added and improved upon his fathers plans. And his proud mother had decorated the interior of the place afresh after her husband's death, for s-ojne titled bride, whom it was whispered she had urged her only son to bring to bis home. Now, father, mother, and son alike were gone. The rich furnishing remained, but the proud old dame who had bought it had been carried away with a broken heart from the midst of her splendor. Lady Ennismore had inherited everything, all the vast property, the coal mines, the iron works, and lrf-rd_ Ennis more was a very rich man, and the' child heir to a great inheritance. Roche could not help thinking what a lucky little fellow this child was as he walked through the place with the beautiful mother. His own childhood bad been a somewhat sad _ and neglected one. He could remember neither his father nor his mother, and he had been brought up by his uncle, Colonel Roehe, of the Engineers, who was a hot-tempered soldier, fond of his own way, of wine and good living, and devoted to his profession, and a very ardent admirer of the fair sex. With this narrow-minded, though brave and honorable man (for Colonel Roche was a dis tinguished soldier and had seen hard work and had taken his place rieht gallantly in the front during the last thirty years) Francis Roehe had spent bis childhood and boyhood. Wherever his unele went he had taken the boy. Francis Roche had thus been a great traveller and had roughed it in many places, though, to do Colonel Roche justice, he always did what he thought best for his nephew. In his way he was fond of him. But the colonel was only fifty — a handsome, soldier-like man still— and he might marry, and so he had never called Francis Roche his heir, nor encouraged any expectations of the kind. He allowed the youner man one hundred a year, and it was understood between them that when Francis got his captaincy that this allowance should cease. Thus Francis Roche had been peculiarly without home ties. He xvent to stay with his uncle during his long leave each year, wherever Colonel Roche happened to be stationed, and he wrote to him each month, and this was all he ever saw of his relations. ' Make your own way, my boy, with your sword,' the colonel once told him. ' You bear an honorable name, live to make it more I honorable, and when you die let your epitaph be a gallant soldier's.' Somehow Francis Roche tnow by the.* subtle instinct with which we discern the real feelings of those around us that however early he died the death of a 'gallant soldier' that this event would not break his uncle's heart. He was justified, therefore, in saying somewhat sadly to Lady Ennismore, as they walked through the beautiful grounds of Brackenford and as he thought of the happy fate of the voung heir of all this wealth and so much love, that he (Francis) always felt himself so loaely in the world. ' I have no one who particularly cares for me,' he said. ' Everyone else has a mother or sister, I think, but 1 have no one — no oue to love me nor to think about me, Lady Ennis mo e. If I were to die to-morrow there is not a single person who would shed a tear over my grave.3 These -words seemed to touch Lady Ennis more's sympathetic nature very deeply. Her delicate skin flushed and she bit her lips, aud for a moment or two made no answer to the young man's complaint. Then, when she did speak, her voice was faltering and broken. 'How can you tell,' she said, 'who cares for you — who thinks of you — you — may have friends that you never guess of ?' ' I fear not,' answered Francis Roehe with a little laugh, 'and yet the strangest thing happened only lately, Lady Ennismore.' And he proceeded to tell her the whole story of the mysterious five hundred pounds with which, he had been presented by Mr. Twiss in the lady's wardrobe in Buckingham Palace- road. Lady Ennismore listened and was apparently very much interested in the tale. ' It is a strange thing indeed,'' she said. 'Well, then, you see my words are true— some- one must love you and care about you, or thi3 never would have happened.' ' I cannot understand it,' answered Roehe, 'and when I called the next day the old woman would give me no satisfaction. She said the lady sent her love and would always think of me or some such folly.' And Roche laughed. ' Then how can you say you have no one to care for you?' said Lady* Ennismore, speaking more lightly than she had hitherto done. ' Ah, Mr. Roche, perhaps, too, some pretty young maiden will be eating very deeply for you one of these days?' ' Pretty young maidens do not as a rule care for penniless soldiers, Lady Ennismore,' an swered Roche with another laugh and perhap3 a little self -consciousness that he had not been without pretty young maidens to admire him even as he -was. 'No, I must be content, I suppose, to remain an old bachelor like my uncle.' While Roche was still speaking they met a lady pn the narrow path on which they were walking, who stopped and addressed Lady Ennismore. 'I am glad to see that you have met the young ladies, Lady Ennismore,' she said, ' I confess I was beginning to be a little uneasy about Julia — I always am a little uneasy when she is alone with Miss Drummond-rMiss Drummond has such very high spirits.' 'They are all right,' answered Lady Ennis more smiling. 'They met Mr. Curzon, whom I dare say you remember, Miss Sinclair— and Mr. Roche.' Roche, as he took off his hat, looked with some interest in Miss Sinclair's face, who was the governess of Lady Ennismore's children. An attractive woman was this governess, Caroline Sinclair. Not in her first youth, not exactly handsome either, but with a certain grace both about her face and her slim slight figure which made up for absolute beauty. She had a pensive expression and dark eyelashes and eyebrows, while her hair was light. Her teeth 'were stiong and white and far apart from each other, and she had a profound (though veiled) self-admiration and self-eonseiousuess. 'Mr. Curzon ?'' slserepeated after Lady En nitmore had spoken, looking all the while as if she were trying to remember the name. 'Do 1 recollect him? Let me see — was he a slight, good-looking youth V' She remembered him perfectly as she said this. She had fiiited with Walter Curzon two years ago, but it did not suit her to admit this liOW.' Lady Ennisniore laughed. She knew quite well that her governess remembered jvlr. CurzoM, for Lady Ennismore knew her gover ce.'s'.- character better than her governess sup posed. Vet she only laughed, for she noticed nisny of iLe weaknesses of those around her \- nly'wiih a smile. Miss Sinclair thought her self vray much cleveier than Lady Ennismore, and Lady Ecnismore was content that she should think so. There was very little vanity about one of these women and an immense srcoiuit of vanity about the other, but the vain cue was not the clever one. Lady Ennismore's Hiiiid was larger, her intellect more acute, her judgment more sound than her governess's. But in one thing Mies Sinclair had perhaps the advantage. Her heart waa colder, and this spared her msny a pane; which wrung the warm, pi cud, tender, .sympathetic Lady Eu uisaioie. 'Here i.~ Mr. Cnrzon himself,' said Lady Enniamore Mill smiling, looking round at the group of young people bthiiid, who had now nearly approached them. ' Do you rcuienibsr l:i:« now. Kiss Sinolair?' Tl.6 gi'vwurii liX'kid at Mr. Cursim an.i faintly enisled, while the young soldier ad vanced with outstretched hand to greet her. 'How are you. Miss Sinclair ?;'' he said. 'It is a long time since we met — I am glad to see you again.' ' 1— I— was trying to remember you,' said Mi3s .Sinclair, 'when Lady Eimismore men tioned just now t5:at you were here. Ah — E think I do uow— you used to play with the children, did you not, in the schoolroom at Otterley'i' ' Yes,' answered Curzon, turning very red, ' I used to play with the'ehildren.' And Mi?s Sinclair smiled gently, feeling with satisfaction that she had snubbed Mr. Curzon. Chapter VI. — Love's Younw Dream'. Had anyone asked Fiancis Roche what he thought of Brackenford during the next few days he would probably have answered that it was the incst delightful place in the whole world. So at least it seemed to him. Lady Eunis nwre was the most charming woman he had ever met, he had told himself many times, and Loid Ennisinore was the jolliest, the kindest, the very best fellow he knew. The atmosphere of the whole house was so genial and full of life that young people were particularly happy there. And more than once as the early November day closed in Francis Roche had met by chance among the dusky fir trees a bright faced girl, herself the very incarnation of youth, hope, and happiness. .This was Helen Drummond. Ht.-len had always walked about the grounds a great deal alone when she stayed at Brackenford, and she saw no i-eason why she should not do so now. Somehow Francis Roehe had discovered this. They had encountered each other on a certain evening en one of the narrow paths among the firs, Helen taking her usual exercise before she dressed for dinner and Roche on his road to the house, having left the sportsmen ou the hills somewhat earlier than uauaL They were very pleased to meet each other. The cold misty air had brightened Helen's bright cheeks, and Roehe could just see the glad look in her eyes and the glad smile on her lips when she recognised him. ' I never expected to have the good luck to meet you at this hour,' said Roche. ' That is because you do not know my ways,' answered Helen smiling. 'This is my favorite hour, and nearly every afternoon I have a walk in the gloaming— as we novth-country people call it.' ' And what does Miss Sinclair say ?'' asked Roche, also smiling. ' I am not one of Miss Sinclair's pupils,' said Helen. 'She gives me lessons in music sometimes when I am here, and that is all — I don't like Miss Sinclair !' *' She is a graceful-looking woman, I tlrink.'- ' Yes, perhaps ; but she's not true, not honest — I am certain that slie is not.' 'What decided opinions have !' Helen laughed a girl's bright, glad laugh. 'Of course I have,' she said. 'I like people immensely, or I dislike them immensely.' 'I hope, then, you don't dislike me im mensely ?' Helen laughed again, and this time blushed a little, but it was too dark for Roche to see her blush. ' May I turn with you f said Roehe the next minute. '1 too like this hour, and the stillness, aud the mist, and the ghostly look of the fir trees. But are you not afraid, Miss Drummond, to be out in a lonely place like this without any one to take care of you ? Are you not afraid of robbers or ghosts ?'' ' How could robbers get into the grounds?' paid Helen, laughing ; 'and as for ghosts, I'm sure they won't hurt me, for I never did any harm to 'any one.v ' I believe jthat,' said Roehe fervently, and his tone and manner were pleasant to the young girl's heart. This^was the first walk that these two young people took beneath the dusky fire, but it was not the last. Before they parted on this first occasion Roche asked Helen if she would meet him again to-morrow. 'tWe've had the jolliest walk,' he said, as for a few minutes they stood behind the wall of one of Lady Ennismore's conservatories before parting, 'the jolliest walk I ever had in my .whole life, Miss Drummond. _ Do you think you will come out at this time to morrow ':'' 'I nearly always have a turn outaj this hour,' answered Helen lightly, 'but I must go in now — I want some tea before I dress.' Roche followed Helen into Lady Ennis more's drawing-rooin a few minutes after this. Some country visitors were there drinking tea, and Helen was standing with her sealskin hat. in her hand, talking in her usual bright animated way to these visitors. ; They were the two maiden sisters of the R^.v. Peter Piescott, rector of Mortonbury. The Rev. Peter was a bachelor, and Miss Prescott and Miss Dorothy Prescott lived at the rectory house, which was half a mile out of the Jittle town. They were two elderly, faded ladies tlitse, full 'of good works, but jealous withal of their reverend brother. Mortonbury was a good living aud Pcto ™ cimplA about women his sisters said, so neither widow nor iniiid was very welcome at the rectory. They guarded Peter as jealously as the cat does her kittens. Peter was on the wrong side of forty certainly, but the Misses Prescott knew (pei-haps from experience) the determination of designing females in want of husbands. They therefore watched the rector with lynx eyes. The Bev. Peter, indeed, was no doubt well j worth looking after in the way of matrimony. I The rectory of Mortonbury was in the gift of a | great ducal house, and while at college Peter j Piescott liad had the good fortune to risk his j own life one day in a very gallant and success- ' ful effort to save the life of young Lord Algernon, who was the second son of the great ducal hou^e, and who would certainly have been diovined but for the bravery of Petei IVsc- ott. Lord Algernon did not forget this. Peter got his first curacy in a manufacturing town and labored there in his quiet and unobtrusive way for many years. Then, at the age of ninety, old Mr. Moon, the rector of Morton bury, retired into the sparsely-filled graveyard of that town, where people rarely die except when full of years. L'pon this event occurring Lord Algernon reminded his father, the duke, that if it had cot been for Peter Prescott the duke would now have had no second son. The duke accordingly desired the rectory of Mortonbury, worth over two thousand a year, to be pre sented to the Rev. Peter Prescott. who was still contentedly working among his knife grinders. Had Peter suddenly been elevated to the peerage he could not ha\\-e been more sur prised. Years and years had passed since he had fished Lord Algernon out of the waters of the Cam and he had never seen him. Two brace of grouse had certainly every year arrived at the curate's humble lodgings in Sheffield, with Lord Algernon's compliments, but this was all. Peter used to smile to him-: self sometimes when he got the grouse, re membering the white agonised face of the young lord in his death- throes in the river. But Peter made no sign and asked no favor. Lord Algernon had forgotten him he supposed, and the Sheffield curate was a very hnmble minded man and was content that it should be so. Imagine then his utter surprise when the duke presented him with a living worth two » thousand a year, and when he received a kindly, well- expressed, and grateful letter from Lord Algernon. ' Do not suppose,*' wrote his lordship, ' that I have ever for a moment forgotten your great bravery, when at the risk of your own life you undoubtedly saved mine. But I waited to tell you this- until something worthy of you fell out. They tell me Mortonbury is a good living and that there is a nice rectory-house attached. May you live in it long, my dear Prescott, and ft the rector of Mortonbury will honor me occasionally with an invitation to visit him nothing will give me greater pleasure than to clasp once more the honest hand which plucked me so gallantly from the grasp of death.' A tear dimmed Peter Prescott's grey and serious eyes when he read this letter. He had been unjust to this true-hearted gentleman, he was thinking, and to be unjust was grievous to the eoul of Peter. He sat down and wrote a few words to Ins noble friend — cold, even stiff words, perhaps ; but had Lord Algernon seen him kneeling with his long, lank figure and with his lean hands clasped while he prayed in heartfelt accents that all blessings might fall on Lord Algernon's head, Lord Algernon would have understood better the man's simple and tender nature. As it was, Lord Algernon felt that he had done his duty and paid his life debt, and the Rev. Peter Preseott was congratulated on all -sides. His parishioners presented him with an address and a silver salver ; his vicar fawned upon him, and as for his vicar's daughters — well, Peter felt more at ease when he saw the last of Sheffield. But he went away with the goodwill of all men. Women had scarcely looked at him. He was poor, he was lean, he was ugly ; therefore what charms had he in the eyes of women V They mostly look to the husk and not to the good grain within. But if he had no lovers aruone them he had no enemies. ' He was a good creature,' they said and none of them had heard the story of his having saved Lord Algernon until the unexpected gift of the rich living told the tale. But if tliis gift gratified the simple kindly heart of Peter words cannot describe how it gratified and delighted the somewhat narrow and soured hearts of his two maiden sisters. These ladies were then living together in a small country town in a poor, little house, where their father, the late Rev. Peter Pres cott, had been perpetual curate over forty years. They were leading only a very meagre 'and struggling existence, though their brother, the curate at Sheffield, invariably contrived to spare them fifty pounds a year out of his own scanty income. For the rest they kept a day school for young ladies, but young la lies did tot flock in any overpowering' numbers to the Misses Prfflcott's establishment. When, therefore1, one morning thors arrived!. a letter with tJ.e Sheffield postmark fiom'Tt.^r j to tell liis sisters the good aud uuo.vpeoted news ' of his promotion theae poor Iadi63 were almost overcome with joy. Dorothy, who had a tendency to heart disease, nearly fainted ; but contrived nevertheless to read to the end of j the first letter before she ' gave in.' j This letter not only contained the news of J the Rev. Peter's appointment to the rectory j of Mortonbmy, but it contained afeo a kindly and generously-worded offer to his two poor I sisters of a home at the new rectory-house. j 'They tell me it is a pretty healthy place,' j wrote the kind Peter, 'and I trust, my dear j sisters, that some happy days of re3t are now - before you, and that you will both live long to enjoy them. Give up your little school, of | course, at once, and come to Montonbury as j soon as you can. I enclose a cheque for inci dental expenses ;' and so on. The cheque was for fifty pounds, and the hearts of the Misses Prescott were greatly up lifted. They who had had such sombre grey tinted lives found themselves suddenly in an atmosphere of sunshine, prosperity, and flattery. They held their meagre necks higher than their wont, and walked with proud and elatf d footsteps during the rest of their stay in the little country town, where often and often they had had such a hard pinch for daily bread. TJic-n they s-jld their scanty furniture ard wrnt to live at the rectory-housa at Mortonbmy. They found it to be a ' place fit for the resi dence cif the highest gentleman in the land,' Miss Dorothy wrote to one of her old friends in the little country town where they hadkept the school. Old Mr. Moon, the late rector, had been a man of taste and of wealth, and there were conservatories and vineries at Morton bury and flower-beds glowing in all the beauty and glory of summer when the tiro faded sisters arrived there just when the evening sun was setting over the grand grey hills in the background. It seemed scarcely real at first this great chaDgc, and then little by little the Misses Prescott got accustomed totheir new position and settled down in their comfortable home. The butcher came for orders, and they almost forgot the time when they could scarcely get credit for the end of a neck of mutton. Yet, perhaps, it was the memory of the 'hard times' long ago that made them watch their brother so jealously if an iimvedded woman approached the rectory. At all events they did watch hin. When Helen Drummond and Francis R»ehe went into Lady Eiimsmore's drawing - room and found them drinking tea there, tie Misses Presc-ott wtre both thinking of their brother and thinking of him with some measiness. The cause of this uneasiness was thai the Rev. Peter Treseott had been seen a day ar two be fore talking in the main street of ftbntonbury to Miss Sinclair, Lady Ennismore's governess. Thus the Misses Prescott felt uneasy, and their visit on this occasion to Lady Ennianore was caused by this feeling. 'And your daughters, Lady Etmsmore,' Miss Dorothy was saying just as Francis Roche entered the room, ' t hope they are veil?' 'Quite well,' answered Lady Ecnismore courteously. 'And — and,' continued Miss Dorothy with a little hesitation, 'have you still the same young person to overlook their studies that you formerly had ~''~ 'Miss Sinclair? Ob. yes,' said Ladj Ennis niore smiling, for the Misses PreseoWf s anxiety about their brother was well known in the place. ' Mjss Sinclair !:' said Helen Drumiaond in her bright, frank way ; 'Oh ! she quite an in stitution here, Miss Dorothy. Do ycu think her very haudeome ? All gentlemen taink her so handsome, don't they, Mr. Roche, and so graceful looking?' Roche laughed, for he saw the girl was amusing herself. . j ' Of course I admire her,' he s.iid. ' I see nothing in her to admire,' said Miss i Dorothy tartly, forgetting that a. moment J before .she had pretended she scarcely knew j whether Miss Sinclair was at Brackenford or net. J At this? moment Miss Sinclair and Julia and ! Maud Bingham entered the drawing-room. ' I could not get the silk matched in the village, Lady Ennismore,'' said Miss Sinclair, alluding to some silk for Lady Ennismore's embroidery ; ' but if Jyou wish it, I can write for it to town this even ing ?' j 'Thank you,' said Lady Ennismore. 'I : don't know,' she added, ''whether you know j these ladies, Miss Sinclair? Miss 'Preseott, ! Miss Sinclair— Miss Dorothy Preseofct.' i The three ladies bowed at this introduction '. —the Misses Presc-ott very stiffly, Miss Sin- ! clair very graciously. ! ' 1 have iiot had the pleasure of meeting you ' before,' said Miss Sinclair in her calm, lady- I like way, 'but I know your brother, the : rector, very well — we have just met him.' j 'Audacious hussy,' thought Miss Dorothy, j and she gave an audible grunt of disapproval and moved uneasily on her chair. j 'He gave us such a beautiful sermon on ?Sunday,' continued Miss Sinclair. ' II- Heums I to uuCiiinjlaiiil ilic liuuiau l«;-xrt w »™ll.'; An amused smile quivered for a moment over Lady Enuismore's lips at these words. She ?was cleverer than her governess ; and _Miss j Sinclair's own feelings were too bluntquickly j to understand the feelings of others..... ! 'My brother is no fool,' answered Miss Dorothy, 'he is not easily taken in.' 'No, indeed, I should think not,' said Miss Sinclair, with a calm, lady-like superiority of tone to Miss Dorothy's quick irate words, for the poor jealous sister's uneasiness was begin ning to dawn on the governess's mind. ' But clergymen must be so greatly tried. I dare ! say people often go to him and pretend to be ! poor, and all that kind of thing, just to geb money ? And it must be so hard to refuse an appeal of any kind, don't you think so, Lady Ennismore V 'My good friend, Mr. Prescott would not, I ; am sure, like to refuse anyone,' said Lady | Ennismore. j ' But he can see through people,' said Miss ! Dorothy, with surprising bitterness of accent, and then she suddenly paused, for the Rev. Peter Prescott and Lord Ennisniore at this instant actually walked into the room. j ' Well, Miss Dorothy, and who is it that can see through people?' said the ge;ual lord, j advancing with outstretched liand to the ? rector's sister. ' Were you talking about me ! when I've got my bran new glasses on ?' And Lord Ennismore gave his hearty laugh. j 'Miss Presscott was speaking of her ? brother,' said Miss Sinslair in her soft even- ' toned voice. ' She was saying that Mr. Pres- | cott' (and Miss Sinclair smiled at Mr. Pres- i cott as she said these words) ' is not easily i taken in by people who try to delude him.' | ' Ah, _ my friend !' said Lord Eanismore, i laying his big brown hand on the rector's lean I shoulder, 'you wait till some pretty voung j woman tries to delude you, and then we'll see : whether you're easily taken in or not ! : We're all the same, Preseott,' he added, and again his jovial laugh rang through the room, ' women can make fools of us just whenever it , pleases them !' j The rev. rector of Mortonbury blushed from ; bashfiuness as Lord Ennisniore said this, and : Miss Dorothy Prescott from rage. 'That's^ a strange thing to say, I think, Lord Ennismore,' she said. 'What, that women can make fools of us ! Ah, my dear lady, I've no doubt if you would tell us the truth that you have been at Eve's work yourself before now !' And again Lord Ennismore laughed. This compliment rather mollified Miss ! Dorothy. But still she felt that it was her j duty to go. 'Martha,' she said, looking at her elder sister and gathering her various and many tinted wraps together ; ' it is time we were moving — Peter, you will see us home?' Once more Peter blushed. j ' I have promised to — ah — dine with Lord 1 Ennismore,11 he said. Miss Dorothy gave a nervous shiver. ' You had better see us home, Peter,' she repeated. 'Nonsense, nonsense,' said Lord Ennis more. 'Stay and dine with us yourself, Miss Dorothy. ' 'It is impossible,' replied Miss Dorothy, thinking of her dress. 'Then I'll see you home myself,' answered the genial Irishman. ' You wouldn't take a young man like my friend the rector here away from all these charming young ladies ! No, no, come along, Miss Dorothy, I'll see you safely home.' Miss Dorothy gasped twice and then yielded. It was dangerous to leave Peter, but it was something to be escorted home by a lord, and so Miss Dorothy yielded. As Miss Dorothy and her sister quitted the room the rector sat meekly down on a chair, | feeling exceedingly foolish. He had scarcely ! done so when he found Miss Sinclair sitting next him. i ' I was just telling your sister,' she said, ' how charmed I was with your sermon on Sun day — you understand the human heart so well, Mr. Preseott.' For the third time since he had entered the room the Rev. Peter blushed. , ' I — I — I try to get along,' he said. ' You know everything, 1 think,' said Miss Sinclair modestly. ' You are indeed gitted.' Peter grasped the arui of his chair. He felt powerless while this glib-tongued woman kept ? whisx)ering her flatteries in his ear. (To be continued. ) ' 