Among The Boxers. DEMPSEY AND FITZ SBIMONS. Griffo and Powoll Fight Post . .'? pouod. THE WIIilUMS-BYAX MATCH. Billy Murpliy and Tcnkcs. JIM BUnOE AND BILLY M«CARTV. Young Douny to CrllTo — Broken Hill Boxing Notes— Melbourno King Notes — Choynskl and Mick Dooloy. (Bt 'Sim.Eit.') ' Tho Melbourne Clnb wants to match tlio iriuner of noxt Saturday's light ut Coogeo With Goddard for a 1% purso. ^ If old Jim Tlurpo Bliould got homo with Billy Jl'Curtliy 's buck liair, tlio Durrier sports men willput up a cartload of mouoy for'Hm to fight Duwson again. ' ''. Mr. Jaok Dunlop, of tlio Cliff Honso Ilotol. Bondi,1 ba3 a grand liall at his plooov and, ho intends to turn it into an athlotio hall shortly Und give an athletic display. \ ? . Paddy Gallaghoi- is going qn.stoadily unelor Foioy's charge. Ho still has1 £10 up at this offico for a match for ,£23 anido with any of tho socond-riito mon nndor 12st. ilartin Denny, tho woll-known Sydney boxer, wlio ? is- in JMolbonrno, writes to stuto that ho will fight tho winnor of tho Griffo Powell contest ut catch weights. ? * ? '?' Jim. Bnrgo-, states that it is qnito on tlio cards that ho may go to Amorica shortly. Ho'll wait to hoar how JIabor gots on, and bo Raided by that to a cortaiu oxtont. Owen Sullivan and Herbert Goddard light at tho Melbourno Club next Saturday for a purso hang1 up by that institution. Sullivan 1ms boon.trainod by Billy M'Carty, and ought to ?win with a bit to sparo. Dandy Jack Fuller will act as chief advisor to Ned Ryan in his fight- on tho grass with ' Slugger' Williams next Saturday aftornoon at Coogoe. Tom Taylor and Paddy Kioly Trill bo in tho Bathurst man's corner. * * ? Tho Barrier peoplo aro gottine on somo good fights latoly, Billy Murphy and Burgo, old Jim -aud young Jim Murphy, Billy M'Carty and Jim, Burgo, and Billy Murphy and Peakes don't read badly. ? ? # \« ' Tho match between Joo Choynski and Mick Dooloy in tho Melbourne! Athlotio Club will o'reato a furore in boxing circles in Vic toria. It should mako a brilliant fight, and one of tho most scientific over soon' south of tho line. . * ? - * The mill nost Saturday aftornoon at Coogeo betwoen Williams and Kyan has boon arranged by Mr. Lannour on purposo to givo tho work ing., men a chanco to see a good fight at a reasonable cost without thoir having to lose any tinio from their work. Tho mill ought to be a perfect terror. ' Sullivan could hardly boiiovo tho nows of Dompsey'3 defeat. When convinced of the truth, ho said: 'Son. bloke from tho South Soa Islands has licked Jack Dcmpsoy ! That knocks mo ont. I had oulv a fen- hundreds ou him. I always considered Dempsoy tho best niiddlo-woiglit on oarth, but it is all np with him now ; ho will never recover from this licking.' ? ? ? It is.whisperod among tho knowing crowd that Mr. Sid. Cohen and Mr. L. Fploy are now negotiating with John L. Sullivan for tho great American pug. to tako tho Austra lian Club for a season and givo shows thero. It is said that Parson Davies will accompany John L., and will act as his manager, and that ho will briiig Iko O'Noil Woir and Jack M'Anliffo ont with him. ? ? ?? ? ? . Any persons wishing to got photos of Griffo and Powoll, tbo two great feather weight boxers, can do so at a reasonable cost by sending to this oflico for them. Wo aro prepared to forward splondid pictures, on specially prepared paper, fit for framing — in fact prepared for that purpose, for tho modest Bum of sixpenco per copy. Coin or stamps must be sent with the order. ?'???). ?*?.??. * Mr. William Larmonr.of Coogoo, thinks so tnuch of tho ^services of Mr. Goorgo 'Walker , tho well- known all-ronnd athlete, that ho intends to give the big follow a bumper bene fit at his placo shortly. Goorgo Walker as a Bwimmer, footballor, boxer, and genoral athlete, hod tow superiors in his day, and woll deserves this act of kindness from tho. Coogeo Manager, ??? ? ? « Mr. Georgo Hnwkin is about to opon an . ithlotio hall at tho rear of tho Golrlon Gato ftotol, .Gcorgo- stroot, botwoen Bathurst and Liverpool Btroots. Futiiro advertisements will givo an idea of tho character of tho placo and tlio' natnro of tho shows to bo presented to the public. Mr. Hawkin states that ho intends to sparo no pains to mako tho now venture abigauccoss. ? Ned -Eyan's supporters aro getting very confident that ho can do np both Williams and Gcxldard. Nod savs ho once fought tho latter with baro knuckles when ho (Kyan) was only 12at woiglit, and had none tho worst of it; and ho alleges that ho thinks his chances, now that he is 12st 101b, aro pretty rosy. I told Goddard this, and ho smiled in his grim fashion, and ropliod, 'Woll, ho can ha'O anothercut at mo whenever ho fools inclined.' ;,.?:,?#. ? ? ? ? . ?I ' haro boon givon to understand tl at Mr. Goorgo Scale, tho well-known and highly roapoctod amateur champion boxor, will act as roforeo at tho fight which takes place next Saturday afternoon at Coogoo. Both Wil liams and Ned lfyun agrco to this gentloman, and; Mr. Larmour sent mo word to say that Mr. Soalo would act in tlio capacity spocifiod. This will suit the public, as Mr. Sealo is lookod upon as an artist at such work. ? ? ? Mr. Larmour, of Coogeo, in now prepared to back tho' beautiful turf ring ho has proparod out at his placo for tho two Bluegors to fight in next Saturday afternoon against anything oEjtho kind. Tho prico of admission is only Ss, and 10s for rosorvod seats: 10,000 can bo comfortably seated, so that tlio public need fear no inconvenience Thero will bo amplo room for all, and it will bo, worth going to see. A pleasant ride, a beautiful sou view, n con cert, and a great boxing match for Ss is luroly onough for tho money. Tho fight for tho Amatonr Light-woight Championship of all Australia, which takos pjacoat Coogoe tho first. wook in March, is creating a big heap of inlorcst in amateur circles, and it .will, doubtloss ho wcU.palro* nifjud. Mr. Burden is in tho ablo hands of Jim Davis* whilo Mr. Brinsmead' ia doing a .. lot of hard and activo work at North Shoro.' Hi is willing to bot any part of .£1000 that ho wins tho contost. ''. -ri'-'^ ?-?''?''. ,? ??? ''??'??' * '. :????:??? '? : Any portions winning to got tho portraits of Griffo; and Powoll can do so by Bonding six ponco . each in stamps to this oflloo. Tho portraits, will bo nont out upon specially propnrud.papor,, fit for, framing. A comploto. Bet' of all;.tlio. prominent Australian, Englisli, ana.'Amorlcan boxers will bo Bont; out as, snpplombnts' to tlio' Bikd o' FitEEposi, and ' nil who .wish for: cbniploto sbtn liad/bottor writo a, wook ahead oaoh issuo, so that thoy may bo certain of gotting thoir dosir'es ?Bratified.^;*r- --'^;V,- ;-?'?? ,,VV;:; ;V.'.. ? ? '; I rocoivo-1 a lottflr from Joo Choynski this rroek, in which ho states that ho has been troatcd liko a princoof the blood royal in Wolbourno by tho Victorian sporting mon. flip young Colifornian neomn to bo gotting as popular bvor tho border as ho was horo, and that is saying a good deal, for thero novor has boon a visitor to theBo parts as woll liked as Choynski, and it is all owing to his modofit uid manly behaviour to all cIusros of|jicop!o. Mossrs. Foloy and Cohon ar« lnyinglow Just at the preeout period, but coutoutpiate a bi; movo bofore long in tho boxing world. Thoy are niloutly gottmir thoir irnvjuilicont placo in perfect onlor, and when tho right moment arrivoB thoy intend to colipao all the boxing booms in this country. ? ? ? Griffo and Chiddy Ryan will spar four rounds at the Coogoo Aquarium next Saturday after noon, prior to tho big fight. Griffo appears by tho oonsont of tho Sydnoy Ainatour Gym nostio Club Committoo. Mick Dunn uud Jim Barren also box four rounds. ? ? ? Mr. Jim M'Ginloy, tho woll-known rotirod lOat boxer, did not get away by tho Marlpoaa ou Monday. Ho was on board, but somohow his higgngo, sent along by a cabman, - got natray, and tho ainatour got left at tho last momont. It would not havo boon hard for any lOdt man to huvo got on a umtuh with Jim at that timo. ? ? ?? ? If Griffo and Billy Murphy wore to figlit out at Coogou on a nico dry sunny afternoon, thoro would bo close upon .£300 in tho gato. Thoro is no match possible ut tlio prosont timo in all Australia that would create a . greater amount of public interest, It would o hard iudood to couvineo Sydnoy natives .that anything up to Oat could livo with Griffo in a 24ft ring. ? ? ? A lottcr from Young Donny to a friend in Syiluar was shown to mo vuoontly, in whiuh the ' Poliean Pet ' statod that win or loso his fight with tho Englishman, Baxter, ho'd liko to figlit Griffo fora purso of any doscrip tion, if tho champion would consent to fight at eateh- woights. I saw Griffo later, and ho staled that ho'd fight Denny, though he'd havo to givo away a lot of woight. « ? ? Sam Mathows will carry out his tournament noxt Saturday night,, when some more good ?willing lighting may bo confidently rulicd upon. Tho lads aro all of tho very willing order, and somo of 'em know how to fight. Tho aboriginal Midnight is in tho swim, and has yet to bo drawn. He'll mako somo of 'nin squirm boforo thoy got him out with his crazy swings and whirlwind uppercuts. » ? ? Mr. Bon Hayes, a woll-known Now York sport, who keeps tho Metropolitan Hotel, Broadway, Now York oity, was a passenger by tho Mariposa. Bon Hayes, as ho loves to bo styled, cinno out on a health trip, aud could not make au oxtonsivo stay, but ho was delighted with all ho saw in Australia, aud oxprossotl tlio opinion that tho Australians wore as cuto as razors without a back edge Ben Hayes is what his countrymen call a two oyod man, and don't sleep much whon ho travols. ? ? » Goorgo Powoll is admitted to bo tho most genteel littlo follow on tho gamo that over visited Queensland, and all tho sports out thoro wish him heaps of luck. As a rule the Quoonslaudors are a pretty warm crowd to put down. Thoy'vo sont us somo hot blood in all classos of sport. Thoy proparod Moga phoue and Groygown, and lirod 'oin at us. Then thoy chipped in oir tho running tracks with Kingamill, Harris and M'Garrignl, and in boxing thoy camo at us red hot with Dawson and Powoll. They back thoir cracks too, and seldom make mistakes, so that when they opon a stablo it's just as well to keep both oyos under a groon shade to sco thatthoy steal no marches. I have a big rospcot for the Quconslanders ; thoy'ro cute, dcop, and breed uood material, and know it when thoy have it. ... ' ? » * Mick Dooloy and .Too Clioynski havo accepted the offer of tho Melbourne Athlotio Clnb to fight in their hall for a purse of JJ300. Both men aro near tho samo hoight, aud will light at about 12st weight. .This will be tho first timo for many a long day that Dooley has boon pitted against a man anyway near his own sizo and woight, and as Choynski is a most brilliant and dashing fighter tho Vic torian club ought to soo about tho very best scientific mill for their wfitfOO that could po3sibly bo pickod np. Whichever man secures tho victory will challenge Joo Goddard for ono moro trial, and big Joseph smiles and says that, liko tho immortal Barkis, he's willin1. * ? ? ? Tho Williams-Ryan contest, which will bo fought out on tlio grass at Coogoo noxt Satur day afternoon, should provo ono of tho most oxoiting heavy-weight glovo contests over seen in all Australia. Both mon are pretty lit, and Goddard himself reckons them tho bostpair of heavyweights in tho country, and says ho'd tako on tho winnor, and then if successful ho will go and light either Kilrain, Jackson, Godfrey, or Corbett. Both Kyan and Williams stato that in tho event of a win they aro willing to put np tho money they make ont of this fight in. a sido-wagor to moot Goddard, aud as Mr. Larmour i3 eager to sign articles for a match with next Saturday's winnor and Goddard tho present contest should provo most exciting. v ??????? * » Whon tho Americans sot oyos on Jim Hall last Saturday wook thoy must have folt that Aus tralia is a wonderful country to brood aud rear men in. Fancy Jim, as a middlo-weight, mooting Ted Pritchurd, of England, for in stance. Tho Dompscy-FitjwimmonB history would surely repeat itself, aud When our American cousins had got tired of looking at tho longthy form of long James, fosploudont in that frock coat, Paris hat, and patent boots, which raised sneh envious sighs in the breasts of George-stroot dudes, they had another surprise in store for 'om when thoy gazed upon ' Shadow ' Mabor's 5ft 8jin of lathy humanity. Just fancy olt Sliu of punching machinery scaling 1331b. It's enough to mako tho American feel sad. ? ? » Tho portrait of Georgo Powoll, tho crack feather-weight of Qucon.-'land, which appoaral in tho last issuo of tho Bird, was tukon by Atkinson, of 23 Oxford-stroet, Hyde Park Sydney. It will bo soon at oneo that Powoll is a much heavier, built man than Griffo, whom ho has to box on tho 2-ltli of this month. Looking at tlio limbs of this athlete, it is quito oasy to imagino why tho boxers who know him doubt his ability to got under nino stone aud figlit strong. Excepting his hci'ht, ho is built more like a ten stone lad than a feather-weight, and Paddy Moran, whom Griffo last whipped, was also built that way, and had height and reach as well, but getting down below his proper woight mado him so weak that ho hadn't a. ghost of a show with the champion, aud most peoplo fancy that history is going to repeat itself in this instance. ? ? ? Old Jim Burgo called to see mo on Thurs day, and ho spoko in tho highest possible terms of the Broken Hill folks. ' You toll tho pooplo for mo,' remarked 'old Jim,' ' that I've boon fighting a long limo now, aud Tib boon in many good placos, but I novor struck a placo liko tho Barrier. If a man '11 only fight honestly, ho can gut moro friouds thero than any place on earth, audit don't sitrnify how hot tlio battlo is, it can always go on to a finish, and K. B. Poll is tho boat refereo that ever bossed a light. I can got a bigpurso thero to light Dawson to a finish, and a aido wager of -£500. I'd rather fight on Broken Hill than anywhere. The miners aro all you said thoy wero 'Smilcr,' good sports, manly and honest, and the very best follows alive. Thoy. troatod both the Murphys splendidly after f beat them, for it's not their roligion to go back on a man when lio's beat. If ho fights a gamo, good battlo ' they think just as much of him as bofore. Great interest was displayed by tho sport ing fraternity of tho district (says an Albury papor) in tho proceedings at , tho Wodonga Police Court on February 12, about 100 por HunB assombliu^ to hear tho dictum of - bench of magiutrases concerning the recent light which took placo at tho local racoeotireo botweon 'Kubo' Ponrco and ' Joo ' Hatch. Tho men, unfortunatoly for, themselves, ploadeil guilty, as judging by tho ovidoneo adduced if uny dofeiico whatever had boon put forward tho case would moat probably; havo fallen through.- Xlpon tlio defendants admitting tho charge, tho Bench had no option but to inflict a sovoro ponalty, though cou sidoring tho natnro of the olToncu a fine of X'5 or a month's incarceration cannot bo lookod upon its at nil excessive Peavco paid his ' lino ' ovor to tho authorities nt onco, but Hatch, not having tho ' nocosiary '': about him, was compelled to temporarily suffor con finement, and was just about to bo romovod to Boochwortli, when some of tho 'sports' who'witnoKaod tho fight Rubecribod tho ,£5 and paid his lino. Speaking of that light, it' seems, from some remarks which ono of tho principals let fall outside tlio Wodonga Court Honso on tho day of tho trial, that the motivo of tho fight was rathor a unique ono, being tho non-payment of a dobt. Ono of the fighters owed the other a sum of inonoy, and rofuBod point blank to pay it, remarking nt tho timo that if ho liked (tho- other ' pug ') might tako it out of him with his fists. Ho did it, or tried to do it ; but tho gamo wasn't worth the candlo. 