I-OCAL NIEWS. Tile river reached its highest point on Tuesday; andl, though falling nearly an inch during the following two lays, re covered itself on Friday, and is still a little uncertain about retreating. The sawmill, of course, continues to be sur rounded with the flood waters, and the temporary stoppage of supplies of timber from this source, coupled with a scarcity of bricks, is causing sonic inconvenience in the building trade. The rising of the waters has also for a time interfered with the prosecution of Major Kinsey's pro mising young firewoo.l industry, the machinery for which is standing on the flat, partly submerged. It is expected, however, that after to-day or to-morrow the waters will be in full retreat, and o00 river bank will in good time return to its normal condition. Cogill Bros.' extra funny bill to-night. Forty points of rain fell in the steady downpour that so refreshed the thirsty land on Wedneslay..; , ? r.?r . A new cylinder for the Pearl has been received from Melbourne, and it is ex. pected she will be able, in two or three weeks, to take up the running for the season. Cogill Bros. say " good bye " to-night. We see by the llirer.aJ Ia ec.,lcrd that the lBalranald people gave Mr. R. 11. Southee, who hIs just camne to reside at Mildura, a gso I hearty " send off" to Ihis new home. A pleasant evening was spent at the Royal IHotel. the chair baing oamu pied by the Mayor, All. J. (. .l:non, andi M.r. Southce's oht friends rallie I roundI him in force. The to-st of the evening, ' Oar guest," was propasa I by tha chair man in most complimentary terms; and, whilstsincerelyregretting his loss to them as a good citizen, who had taken an active part in nearly every public movement, the meeting spel him on his wa.y with the most enthusiastic expreshi sna of regard, sure that "he wo:uld create as favorable an impression amongst Mildura people as at Balranald." Mr. Soathee is a great authority on racing, a m n who can tell you the pa.ligrea of almost every winner of an important race in Australia, from tiha time of Archer to the presuat day. Deakin Avenue; after a long spell of rest as regards building operations, is beginning to make a show again in that lirection., The two handsome brisk shops, hetsveen 7th and Sthl Streets, designed by 'Ir. Edmunds, and built by 'Messrs. Kent : Fletcher, to the order of Mrs. Dawson, are very nearly completed. In fact, one of them is expected to be opened this evening by Mr. Sotithee, 'cbemist. The building adjoining is to be occupied by Dr. Iill, who will shortly move into it. The large brick building being erected close to it in the same avenue, for the proprietors of the Culticator, is now well above ground, and will soon be one of the leading features of the avenue. "Ha! Ha! Ha !" Cogill Bros. to- night. The vacancy in the office of pound keeper, caused by Mr. Edwards having resigned the appointment, is being taken advantage of by many owners, who are glad of the opportunity thus afforded of obtaining forage for their cattle and horses on the cheap. It is probable that another poundkeeper will be appointed at the next meeting of the shire council. Cogill Bros., Langtrce Hall, to- night. On Saturday evening Mr. R. Dience, who has been acting as mess secretary at Lowe's clearing camp, was presented with a handsome writing portfolio, as soime slight acknowledgment and appreciation of his services. The presentation was made by Mr. W. Warren at a merry nes:mblage, andt formed the preliminary to a very pleasant social cvening. " ie, Its, lie !" We'll see Cogills to-night. The following footballers will repre sent North Mildlura in their match with South Mildura to-day (Saturday), on the Recreation Reserve :-Bartlett (capt.), Harrison, Dauns, Law, Johnson, O'Drae, Sandie, Nash. Judd, Nicholls, M'Gonigle, M'Guire, M'Leol, Porter (2), Randall, -IIugnnnostntled, i;tokes;-Harper; Emer gencies : Finlay, Jones, M'lae. Don't miis Cogill Bros.' last night. Mr. Tod-Mercer directsour attention to a lengthy article, in the columns of the Lomlndon Globe, on "The Natural Enemies of Locusts." It deals with their uncon scious encouragement as civilisation advances into uncultivated places, and the scientilic dIestruction of the peat; pointing out especially the efforts that are now being made in the study and cultivation of the natural enemies of the locust, which include the dlipterous para site which inhabits in its embryonic stage the eggs of the larger orthoptern, the flesh Ily(Strc,?ip.'itaean r'it ris), the larva: of a number of species of beetle=, spiders, dragon-llies.,anl various birdsanidanimals. There is much valuable information in the article, andl we Ilve anldedl it over to the secretary of the Fruitgrowers' Association, at whose olib2es it may be found for perusal. Cogill Bros.' football match to-night. The Cogill Bros. worke.l out a good full programme on Wednesday evening before a large audience, considering the down pour of rain all the afternoon. " Patch work" isn't half a bad little extravaganza in itself, and tile fun that the funny folks cranm into it supplies plenty of sauce to make it go down. It is a clever hit in the programme to fish Hamlet into it "on a string," and the roars of laughter that greeted the inopportune ghost were only eqmalled by the merriment occasioned when Miss Fanny Saroni distinguished herself by extinguishing the moon. Laura Roberts was a great favorite, and her songs were charming. The "Ethiopian Kings," as of old, exercised irresponsible government-at least of the risibles of their audience, andi the applause seemed to indicate that more of the burnt cork wonuld have stood the washing. " Can the Ethiope change his skin !" The Cogills say yes, and, having jumped out I of their black skins, they terminated the performance with a funny act entitledl "Stabbed," in which all the company took part. On Thursday and Friday I evenings the weather was propitious, andi the house was full. The favorite comedy, I " The Brook," was given by special re quest last night, and was vigorously applauded. The company were billed ( for three performances, but are remain ing one dlay more, and intend giving an entirely new and rousing programme this (Saturday) evening. Look up the adver- I tisement. Notice is hereby given that the share list of the MILDUilA FARM PURCHIIASING SocIETvY will close oni Molnay, 7Sth September. H. R. BoULT, secretary. Prospectus and all information from t BOYDEN & LEWIS, SEVENTII-STREIET, 3MIiAUn.A, anid 0 Swanston-street, Mel bournc.-[ADVT.] Cogill Bros. "goal-kick" to-night. Professor Htyland and his performing 1 ponies are due at Mildlura on Tuesday c next. The tricks andi evolutions of the Professor's six creamy ponies are a sight for all beholders. They play at sec-saw.. find hidden handkerchiefs, roll barrels along, and do many other clever andil amusing tricks. In all probability Mr. Ilyland will exhibit his wonderful con trolling power over horses, by breaking in and mounting some unruly equine t subject. in the presence of his audience. Now's the time for our boys anti girls. Cogill Bros. v. " Boko " to-right. Messrs. Manning anil Co., tailors, of Bondliio, announce halving engaged a celebrated cutter, late with Ilackley anti Nunn, Melbourne. \\\We are informedil that this firm are considering the question of opening a branch business here. The Cogills' beit bill to-night. Messrs. Williams ansi Yule request us to draw attention to the fact that the substitutedl service adlvertised in last Wedneslday's issue does not apply to a gentleman of the same name to whom it has been attributed in some quarters. The Cogills to-night. Ia! 11!Ha Ha! At the last shire council meeting it was undetermined whether there woult be any meeting of the council in September. It has been diecidel, however, by the Finance Committee, in wvhose hands the matter was left, that the usual meeting will be hell on the 7th prox. Come early to see Cogills to-nighlt. Tile MInDURA MUTUAL FARuM 'UR cieAsING SocIurT. An easy way, of obtaining a HIomestead. SunSsnseiTloe, 2as. 6.1. WiEEKLY, Full particulars from IBOYDEN AND LEwis, Seventh Street, Mildura, aml.80 Swanston Street, Mel bourne.-[ADv T.]. The Cogills extra comical to-night ?.... Tenders are called for in this issue for seating the new Wesleyan Chapel in the Irymple:Vulley. Halo, there! It's Cognls'ilasat night. The Mihlnra Quadrille Class announce a ",waltzing conteso' for :Tuesday even ing next. Mr. a IRcEc B: AI"' has several HousES in Mildura for sale: ?ADT.] : fy eve, Jim I'm going to Cogills to night. 