®rrtmb0. Cold. Rain. Theatre. Free law. Uses of Governors. The National Park. Strike at Port Pirie. Irish factions continue. Carthage off to London. Slating for " Creation" artistes. Public Schools' concert to-night. Land tax assessment papers out. Barometer at noon to-day, 29*87. Professor Anderson has returned. Some Leigh's Creek coabniners want 12s. 9 day The best china legislators have a holiday this week. Dear old Ebby would make a grand ^psciaj pleader. Mr. Worsnop'e Bill is not to be regalvanized this session. The Immigration Limitation Bill may t)$ •oon wanted. An appeal to the Supreme Court is especfc ally in reason. Radical Kingston has his say on the figniBf head of society. Liquor law regarding Clubs is to be mafftf more restrictive. Creation" critic spoke sound though BOl palatable advice. Legislative Council absolutely requires 4 second Minister. The Mildura is not the only instance o) sacrificing stokers. Legacy of the great shipping strike causing trouble at Port Pirie. Growth of crops and spread of influenza ar| associated this season. St. Peter's College staff haB an acquisition 2t| Mr. A. W. Gosnell, M.A. Railway Commissioners did a bit of pliuQ talking to the Legislative CounoiL Congregationalists arranging for a tea meeti ing to 2,000 Sunday- school children. There is a need for protecting osirselffil against an inroad of Russian Jews. Won't the Trades-Unionist lawyers squzftk at freedom to competency to practise. Sun rose at 5.21 a.m.; sets at <>. 13 p.l£ Moon set at 3.24 a.m.; rises at 2.16 p.m. Mr. and Mrs. John Eley, of Alberton, brated their golden wedding on Monday. Political fermentation in Victoria. ImpOSf eible to say bow it will leave Munro & Co. Pity Mr. Grainger doesn't possess hid soulcj facts before he makes a stir in the House. It takes an education to get used to Germi&f; bill of fare as furnished on some steamers. The unanimous and sincere sympathy in Council with Mr. Copley attests his worth. Mercantile Marine Officers Association fj growing in numbers, influence, and courage. Australia has curse enough in drinking allf| gambling without adding the opinm demon. Where is Samuel Plimsoll to rescue the stokers from the death-hole on the Red Sea 2 American crop is estimated at 59i),O0O,O0Q[ bushels. Estimates improve with repetition. A mission enough to fire a stone with enthn* siasm is the crusade against the opium traffic. " The Adelaide natives were not all black. Some were not so black as they were (Minted." "Country Squires for Australia"' — thatfl hardly a popular subject in the columns just now. Mr. Ward is introducing law reform against the interests of his son, who is an articled clerk. In connection with the grand growing weather tbe influenza is a fly in the oinfr* ment. The next strand of the Smith family will probably continue the representation in fha Commons. It is cruelty to tbe Council Minister to leavq him without help under the altered condition of affairs. Railway Commissioners won't make theBL* selves ridiculous to please members of thS Legislative Council. Mr. Kingston, who is a master in compod* tion, is sometimes as involved in speaking Jtf Sir John Downer is. A new terror for Premiers—it is suggested that the head of tbe Government should cany out the functions of a Governor. A grand and lasting work may be doM through teaching the little children of Aua« tralia to do daily deeds of kindnnss. If the Premier were Governor he wonld have the power of dissolution in his handd with which to terrorize Parliament. Ought not shipowners be bound to Sufficiently ventilate the machinery rooms, that men muBt not needs die that the boati) travel? The Employers' Union and the National De* fence League bad a talk with the Chief fjecre* tary this morning as to the recent street dis* turbances. "What chance was there.here for a pOOI man's son, with the embryo talents of a St. Leonards or an Erskine becoming even • practising barrister or solicitor?" The Hon. C. C. Kingston, Q.C., treated tin House yesterday to sentences as severe upaa reporters to construe as ever any of Mft Pater's could be upon Unionists to fulfil. "We were swiftly coming to the code period of legal history, having discovered the hollowness of that reliance upon precedent, vvtiiohhad as much substantiality as the Click - Ian* ghost." " South Australia was bounded on the north by an income tax, on the south by the singlft tax, on the east by some stolen property, and on the west by the greatest foroe in natnro- a vacuum." " We viewed with mingled feelings of s irrow and disgust those innumerable volumes of lav reports, the oases in which might fairly bo-sald to represent so many squandered fortunes o> wasted lives." " In America, through (ha freedom with which the gates of the profession were op MI 1 to all competent persons, were found a Lincoln and a Garfield occupying the highest post in one of the most powerful nations on this globe." "' The Sovereign can do no wrong.' X therefore suggest the immediate introduction of a Bill to correct the gross anomalies and injustice that now exist. It should be to the effect that all members of any Trades Union shall henceforth be exempt from the operation of tbe criminal law." Witty Sheridan's suggestion as to the sovereign people. " At present the necessity of a thraa yaws University course or a five years' service under articles, during whhli the legal aspirant could do no manner of work apart from legal studies except work connected with journalism oe teaching, acted as a potent bar to boys who under other auspices might become some of out most gifted jurists and legislators." Sir George Grey's Law Practitioners Bill now before the New Zealand Parliament enacted—" That every male person of tho foU age of twenty-one years, of whose good fame and reputation and of whose learning in .the law any one or more of the Judges of the Supreme Court shall be satisfied, shall bo' entitled to be admitted as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court and generally to the practice of the law and to all the rights and privileges thereof, and to be enrolled as a barrister and solicitor of the said Court." FAX.—Are you a stargazer. my b.jy ? YOB might be worse employed. But now, you just "take your walks abroad*' to-night, about) 9 o'clock, andjyou will see underneath tbe moon a bright star. It is the planet Jupiter. And if you close one eye and bold up a penny at arm'a length yon will find it will about hide the moon and the star from your sight. And jreb that star is itself an enormous globe miles in diameter, or nearly forty times greater than that of ..the moon. And yoa know, as the bulk or volume of spheres are to each other as the cubes of tbsir diameters, it follows that the little point of light called Jupiter is really sixty thousand times greater than the moon. Or look at it in this way. Suppose a Jovian' Railway Company to advertise an excursion train ta ;run round the equator. They travel, say forty miles an hour night and day, including stoppages. How long do you think they would 6» on the journey ? Why, my young friend, after travelling thirty-nine weeks they would still have 4.579,miles to go to reaoh tbe station from which they started. But bow about r the distance of the two oodiea that appear so oJoee together. Y a projectile moving at the rate at 1,000 miles per hour would reach tbe tnoon m less than ten days, but it would have to continue to rush through spaoeat the same velocity for more than 437 "years to reach ths planet Jnpiter ! Yet even then it wUl no* have passed over a fifty-thousandth, part of the distance of the nearest fixed star to the eaftfel Stupendous. 