Helen Benton's Story; i ? ? ? ? ! When I took passage on the Castle Clifford i for AQBtralia 1 wevsj, like the boys in tbe story bookB, to seek my fortune. It was a comical thing for a girl to do, but I was alone in the world, and tbe prGS pect of being a govei&eBB;, or a companion to a lady, whioh all I could be m'Englaud, made me desperate. Therein the New World, I said to myself, I could set to work to make my fortune. I ioaldi'perhaps, with what money I had, buy a little land and cultivate it — I had a talent for that Bortof thing, I believed, and, with the help of a few laborers, I could have a model farm, a beautiful dairy, raise fruit, and live amongBt the green things growing to the end of my days. Oddly enough, the thought that I might marry never entered my mind. At twenty-five I oonsidered myself 'set- tled,' and expected to be a spinster. Of course on shipboard one always makes acquaintance with eome of the other pas sengers, and the captain, seeing me alone, introduced me to a good many. T herewas one gentleman, an Australian, Mr. CheBter,whom I liked very much. He wbb a man of forty, well- dressed, and handsome. Somehow he got me to talking of my plans, whioh he thought very senBible, indeed, and told me his own story. He had been a poor boy, whose widowed mother foand it hard to earn bread for her family. Now he was a manufacturer, whose name was known throughout Victoria. He wbb a little proud of his sucoess, and it seemed to me he had reason to be so. If I desired to live in bis part of tbe | country, he told me be could give me a great deal of valuable information, and save me j money and trouble. | It was very pleasant to have some one j with whom to talk my ideas over, and i who eaw nothing odd in a woman striking | out for herself, as an Englishman would 1 have done. ^ j Oh, those plans 1 How little I thought I | Bhould never attempt to realize them. i After the days of sunshine, clear ni^ht j skiea, and a brilliant moon, came a he&w; fog. One evening we were wrapped in it. and J it seemed as fhick and palpable as though is had been wet wool; not a passenger remained on deck. In the saloon we were all rather dull, and I heard one or two men say that w-i were going at too great a speed for each weather, when another steamer could not be seen until it was upon us. But I think none of us felt any terror until suddenly there was a crash that eounded as though the end cf the world bad come. Tbe shrieking cf whistles, and roaring end Backing found, and the ecreams of msnv voices. That which had been prophecied had happened : and I can tell you nothing more about it save that, shortly, I found myself in a boat with many others, that Mr. Chester had helped me to escape from the i pinking steamer, and that he was still beside : me. We were upon the ocean in that boat for five or six hours, and eventually wero csst j upon some bit of land, of which we knew no- \ tbing. When the log lifted and we could see j about us. we counted our cumber. There were five of ue still living — the rest had been j lost — Mr. Chester, an old sailor called Jim j Pell, a clergyman of the Church of England, j pn elderly woman who was going to Aus- I tralia to join her son, and myself. j We were all wet to the skin, hungry, and | horrified at the prospect before ue; but the j clergyman had suffered most sadly. His wife and child who had been in the boat with us, had been drowned. In the darkneFs which prevailed, when we were oaetupon the land, he had felt the waves tear them from bim. He. bad. beerL8evfirely in i a r/ui ami was unable to stand;, but when we had helped him as well as we could to a sheltered spot | under a tree, he bade us forget him and do j what we could for ourselves, j Mr. Chester and the sailor went up the j roolts «.nd explored jibe .place. Tij©y-*»turxied., with tidings of coipfort. There was a spring of fresh water on the island, and any quantity of berrieB which the sailor pronounced healthful. There were ehell-fish in abundance. The island was small, but we ebouid not begin to starve at once, and no doubt would be rescued very speedily. Hope lives eternal in the human heart, and strangely enough, though all my earthly possessions had been swallowed by the sea, I did not despair. Th6 hot sua soon dried our garments, and we were all well and Btrong enough to bear j 8 good deal, with the exception of the Rsv. j Mr. Archer. j About sunset, Mr. Chester tpok me by tbe arm and led me to a portion of the bcaeh ? which ? was Einooth and sparkling as if the j Bands were powdered silver. ? «« We are in a curious position, Helen j Benton,' he Eaip. ' How little we expected j to have anything of this sort in our lives, j This is the end of your hopes, 1 am afraid, j You can't buy that land now. my dear— you cannot be a lady farmer. You will have to change your plans, and I want to suggest something— in fact, I brought you here for that purpose.' ?'I listen,' said I. 41 Well, Helen,' he said, ' I can put it into a very few words. Marry me. I've always had that idea for the future, always, since the first day we met ; for I fell in love with you on sight ; but circumstances alter cases. If you can like me, let ua take tima by the forelock. Mr. Archer will not live long. If you will allow me, I will ask him to marry as at once. As yet, we have two witnesses ? Heaven knows what may happen. What do you say, Helen ?' I thought a moment, and then said : ' I like you. Do what you think right and best.' And bo it came about that we all gathered about tbe poor bed of grass and leaves which we had gathered for Mr. Archer to lie upon, and that he married me to Mr. Chester, re peating the service from memory. It was a Btrange and solemn wedding. Afterwards, my husband and the sailor went to the edge of the water to light fires made of the drift wood that lay upon the rocks, in order that any passing vessel might know of our distress, and the old widow and myself eat beside Mr. Archer. In the dawn he closed his eyes, happier to die, 6ince it was God's will, than to live bereft of those he loved. Two days after tins we were taken from .the island by a boat sent to us by a Nor wegian schooner bound for Melbourne, where we arrived saieiy. xbb wiaow went so ner eon's house, the sailor to his friends, whoever they were. My husband, after providing me with some necessary garments, took me to hie h°It was a curious place — a handsome house surrounded by gardens aDd a farm, Bet npon the top of & hill which had bean leveled for the purpose. ^ Below in the valley stood the factory of which Mr. Chester was maBter. Thither he went daily, busy in the labor atory for many hours at a time, handling dBngero'ns chemicalB— doing work which must be done by his own: hands and no other. Not an aooident had ever ooourred in the place— the ciBBter bbw too well to every, thing. While at work , he , always wore a white woollen suit and a white -cap with a vizor, leaving hie usual garments in a ward robe outside the laboratory. In the evening we were at home together. Our life waa very quiet, for their were, literally no neighbors: our most frequent visitors were Mr. Chester's brothers sad Bisters. From the first 1 felt that none of them liked -me, oor were they people that I could like. ^ They had not taken pains to improve and enlighten themselves AB their brother had —they were narrow-minded and illiberal, liv- ing principally on hisgenerosity— they, in my opinion, imposed upon him. They were, however* hiB kins-people, and I had too much respect for myself and him to express my views. When they came I feasted them, -I played and sang to entertain ihem, 1 took puns to be civil, knowing all the while that they were not mjMfriiehdSL but ieelifcgeaie in Sg we lived&gether; five happy yeafcs. Two ''tie girla wefe born to us, and eo assured ad I become of my husband's caution that I no. longer felt any anxiety, as to hia work in the laboratory. From this calm security and happiness I was awakened by a sudden blow. I hod been to the nearest great city to do some shopping, taking my children with me, and returned home at sunset. As I alighted at the depot, two men whose faoes I knew approached me. 'The carriage iB waiting for you, madam,' one said, ' but do not get into it yet. There ie news for you.' *' Bad news, madam,' said the othe* ' Very bad news,' continued the one who had first spoken. 44 The only very bad newe that I can hear is that ssmetbing has happened to my hus band !' I gasped. The man bowed gravely — the ether burEt into tears. 'Tell rae the worst, while I can lieten to you!' said I. 44 There has been an explosion in the lab oratory,' said the calmer man. 'Not killed 1 n'ot killed!' I shrieked. Wounded, but not killed !' ' They ODly knew him by the dress he always wears,' said the. older man. ' I know what you are bearing; I've been ihrcugh the flame thing — think of the children — vcure — hie.' But I thought no longer of anything. My senses dsceried ma, ana they took me to my desolate home unconecions. There I opened my eyts upon tho faces of my sipter-in-law and her two brothers — they horrified me. In their expression 1 rean no rer.l grief — only an affectation of it. Taey had descended on the place like harpies, hoping to profit by their brother's death. Tiir-y began thi-.ir attack at coca. On the morning before tbe funeral, the elder of the men, William, came to me as my servant wes clothing rae in my b'&sk; garments, and without waiting to dismiss the girl, stood before me. his iirtg'.rs interlaced anil his thumbs pressed topether it- & fashion all his own, end inquired : '* Well, now, what are yon going to do?' ' To do ?' said I. 'I do not know what you mean.' 'You've got to go somewhere, you know,' said my brother-in-law, ' you might as well thinh of is.' '? There ia no time to talk to me,' said I. ' I hope I shall go into my grave. How can 1 live without my husband ? Oh, Charles, my (iaxiing ! Gbaries, my darling I' ' Anyhow,'' F&id; William, ' you can't ecme down stairs, the men folks wili be enough. Sister Ann will stsy with you, not , to be too pointed— but considering ycu cant : appear. ' I will make an effort,' said I, thinking that aftec all he had only expressed consid eration for my health in an awkward man ner. ' We o.m't disgraoe the family at such a iime,' said William. 14 We've always been respectable. The kind of relation there has seen between you and him were his affair while he lived, now they're ours.' ?' What do you meac?' I gasped. ' That we don't think that you can prove that you were ever his wife,' eaid William. The Eervatit stared at him in astonish ment. ' Not his wife !' I gasped. Then the rememberance of our marriage on the desert island.. by a clergyman who died that very night, in the presence of witnesses who had venighed froru my ken, occurred lo me. I never dreamed my wife-hood could fee doubted ; but 1 had no proof, no proof what ever. Ann entered shortly, locking the dcor be hind her. I was forbidden to effer tbe last token of respects to the man I loved eo fondly. . . voxOT'tu llTC* TlpOQ liiy pillow I htld them to my bosoiu,and we wept together. Ann, grim and eold, maintained her com posure throughout. The nest day I heard that no will had been lcun.dj.ana that my simple statement that I had been marFIEQTD-Otntrica Oai-jigi. no avail. } The only thing that could have established my position as his wife — his introduction of me by that title — failed me. My husband had some detestation of ceremony, and got over his introductions easily. His usual form bein^: 'Helen, this is Mr. cr Mrs. So-and-So.' He had even introduced me to his family in this wey, saying : ' Well, Helen, here we ere altogether. This is Ann. that is William, and that young fellow there is Jim. He was poor mother's baby,' j Oh, they knew well that I was his wife. It j was their greed of gold led them to deny it. ! One day they stood before me — three fiends j they seemed to me — and bade me rise and j leave the house, and take my children j with me. j -? We've been very good to yoc,' said j William, ' considering what you are. We've | got a present of £150 for you, and you can earn your living if you aro willing to be honest andbehave yourself. We're going to move here to-morrow, and of course Ann couldn't have a person like you in her house. The carriage is at the door.' And with these words he tendered me a large roll of bank notes. As he ceased, I arose in my wrath and flung the money back into his face. 41 Man, I cried, ' ycu know I am your brother's widow — you know that you are robbing his orphans. Could the dead return be would rise before you this instant to con found your falsehoods. Oh, my husband— my husband — where are you ! — where are you 1 Oh, my love, can you not come back tome?' } And to this wild cry— a cry that mourners utter so often in the madness of their de spair—an answer came, a ringing ' I am here !' in a voice we all knew. A tall figure dashed through the open door of the great hall and stood before as — Charles Chester and no other. He stood motionless — one arm uplifted and drawn back, and the other pointing to ward his brother William. And at the presence of the man they believed to be lying in his grave, of his ghost evoked by my prayer, abject terror fell upon them. Wil liam sunk upon his knees ; James, in his flight, fell over him and Bprawled upon the carpet ; Ann went off into hysterics ; but the little children at my side knew no fear. They rushed toward him, clasping in their arms, crying gleefully : '? Papa ie not dead any longer. Papa has come back ! ' And as his ~ arms encircled me, I felt that he had come back indeed — whence and how I scarcely asked myselt. He was there. I, his beloved wife, was in his arms. My woe had changed to joy. This was what he told me afterwards. While I was from home, a telegram reached him whioh rendered hiB presence in a mining district at a great distance, im perative. He could not await my return, but wrote a letter to me explaining the matter, whioh he laid upon my little desk. Meanwhile certain work remained an finished in the laboratory, and the only man , he knew in whose charge he dared to leave it, . was an encentria old chemist of the neighborhood, who lived by himself in. an out-of-the-way cottage, and was Bupposed to be endeavoring to invent an elixir of life. To man he sent, put matters in his . charge, advised him to exchange his well-saved ihit whioh was upon the body when discovered, and led to the belief that it was that of Mr. Chester. : . . : In my utter misery, I had not read any of mySetters. 1hafc which he had left tor me, and those he had sent from the inines, lay in my desk among the nnopened condolences Which t bad ordered my servant to place . there, and 'only when he arrived in his cative town did he hear ol the events vrhioh had occurred there. His wrath wbb great, and his vengeance might have been terrible, lor amongst theaj his relatives .had destroyed a will which he had made on the very day onr firat child vu bom. But ! implored his clemency, I me, toohappfciBwmt ^ to Buffer more than they needB mixgt from 1 the pangs ofconMience.andtheirlmowHdgej that toy their owndeeas Oteylisd deprived J 