Bishop Stanton at St. Luke's Church, Wallsend. (Newcastle Berala, of Tuesday.) On Sunday last the Bisnop-elect of Newcastle paid his first visit to this parish, and held two con- firmations-one at 11 a.m., and the other at St. John's, Minmi, at 3 p.m. The Bishop arrived in Wallsend by the 4.30 p.m. tram on Saturday, and waB met and welcomed by the incumbent, whose guest he was during his stay. On Sunday the con- gregations were very large at all the services, the accommodation at both churches being severely taxed. Every effort was made by the church- wardens and officers to accommodate the worship- pers, and there was a marked absence of confusion and noise. The services were very imprpssive, and marked by a reverent solemnity, which made them very touching. The musical portion of the service waB beautifully rendered. The service opened with the hymn " The Church's one Foundation," after which a shortened form of morning prayer was read by the incumbent, the Rev. R. M. Walker, the special lessons being Acts 8, verses 4 to 7 and 14 to 17, Acts 19, verses 1 to 7, and Hebrews 6, verses 1 and 2. Then followed the hymn, "Soldiers of Christ, arise," sung by the choir and congre- gation, only the candidates for confirmation re- maining kneeling. The preface of the confirma- tion service was read by the incumbent, and the Bishop delivered an eloquent, but simple and easily understood, address to those about to be confirmed. He spoke of the meaning of confirmation; its blessings, if rightly approached, with faith and prayer for God's blessing ; its strengthening power in fitting for the battle against sin ; and its in- fluence on the spiritual life. After the, address, he called tlie names, and put the question' to them in- dividually, receiving from each a clear and distinct answer-" I do." Then followed the usual prayers, and the Bishop requested the whole congregation to kneel in silent prayer, asking God's blessing on those about to be confirmed. Following this, the hymn " Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire," was sung by all, still kneeling. The candidates, twenty eight (six male and twenty-two female), were then presented singly by the incumbent to the Bishop sitting in his chair, and, laying his hands upon them, impressively repeated the prayer, "Defend, oh Lord, this Thy child, with thy heavenly grace, that he may continue Thine for ever, and daily in- crease in Thy holy spirit more and more until he come into Thy everlasting kingdom." At the close of each prayer the " Amen" was sung with a pathos which told the heartfelt wish of all that the prayor might be fulfilled. The Bishop continued the prayers, after which he addressed those con- firmed, touching on the necessity of private daily prayer and reading of the Bible ; not too much at .once, but only as much as they could carry with them through the day. He advised each one to take up somp department of church work, either in the Sunday school or choir, and to begin that day a life which, when it should please God to call them away, would be such that those who were around them would mourn their loss as the loss of a good man or woman. He entreated them to make a good use of the means of grace, their Sundays, but especially of Holy Communion. These they would find to be veritable sources of strength-wells in the desert of their pilgrimage, and foretastes of the blessings beyond. He then asked them to join to- gether in singing the hymn, "O, Jesus. I have promised," the choir and congregation being silent, and remaining kneeling. Daring the offertory, " Onward, Christian Soldiers" was Bung by all, and the service concluded by an administration of Holy Communion, at which there was a good attendance. At St. John's, Minmi, twelve candidates (six males and bíx fatnales) were confirmed, and the service there was conducted in the same form. In the evening the Bishop preached at St. Luke's, taking for his text the words " Man shall not live by bread alone," and " Is not the life more than meat." He spoke of the Greek conception of life being twofold, ns shown by their using two words to express " life," and showed that man had a two- fold life, the outward or animal, and the inward or spiritual ; that a man might have the outward or animal life and even the intelligence fully de- veloped ; but without the inward spiritual life, or religion, he could not be a full man- nay, he was only half a man. With forcible anecdotes he illus- trated this truth, and concluded an able and instructive sermon by appealing to all to cultivate that higher religious life which could only bring those who aimed after it to the " fulness of the stature of perfect men." The choir rendered the musical part of the service in their usual careful style, and greatly i contributed to the beauty of the services. 