CHAPTER XIX A MlIWJilGHT VLSITOS. Immediately on the return of the police officers to Thornton Serjeant Pop ham lost 110 time in making h'-s way to the residence of Dr. Brook in order to hand over the flask and its contents. The small cottage was situated about a quarter of a mile from the police bar racks on the Townsville road, surrounded by a pretty garden which was the especial care of Dr. Brook. "Nothing like exercise for the muscles ; and digging; is the best way to develop them," he would say when an acquaint ance passed and saw hiui with, shirt sleeves rolled to the elbow. It was almost dark when Sergeant Pojjliam arrived at the small wicket-gate and found Dr. Brook turning over the black soil. " Ah, doctor ' Hard at it, as usual, I see." The jovial doctor immediately saluted him with a hearty "How are you, sergeant? Gome in and make yourself at home. Anything fresh on the wing K" The police officer did as he was bid, | and there being little daylight left the j doctor throw down his spade and! sauntered oil to the verandah with Pop- j ham. " This is an unexpected pleasure, ser geant. In the iirst place, you look very dry, and I must confess that my own throat resembles a lime-kiln more than anything else, so let us intve some claret and long sodas." ! The invitation sounded cool and re- i freshing to the senses, more especially j when, as everybody knew, Dr. Brook kept imported claret and that good of its j sort. " I'll have none of that confounded J Colonial rubbish. It's all very well people j saying that you get to like it in time, but, for my part I never could. Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady.'' And as the worthy man uttered these j words he let down a canvas bag froin the | rafters of the verandah. I "Now I'll be bound you'll get 110 better wine than this either in or out of the ; colony." • i He then proceeded to lift from the cool water a bottle of choice claret known as the Cluitrau 3/arfjan.c. The sergeant looked on, and would have preferred whisky if he had had his choice, but he knew that the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queensland cli mate as he would poison. j "Now for some soda-water and a cisrar apicce, and we'll hear what you've got to ] say, Popham." ' The news which the latter was about te impart to Dr. iirool: >as of so private sr. t fe tyrocd instinctively round itiss aiyw» *rA%c&\- Le listaaisg. I " We're perfectly safe frc-at eaves droppers, I hope ?" asked Popham. j Yes, my dear sir; not a soul within | ear-shot except my sged and much- j respected housekeeper, whose as dtsf as i a post, poor thing." The sergeant then went into details of the day's doings, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with great interest, more especially when the circumstances in connection with the fiuding of Prescott's flask were narrated. j "So that's the article, is it ?" said the , doctor, examining the beautifully- chased | work aud sniiling at the contents. " I 1 can't say what may be iu it, but cer- j tainly it hasn't the bouquet of a good j genuine whisky. However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. Were all liquors unadulterated, we might con gratulate ourselves that the millennium had arrived. "And,*' putin Popham, "less work for the doctors, eh ?' " Quite so ; our occupation in a mea sure would be gone. Why, half the hospitals are kept opeu by the sale or poisonous liquors. I've about half-a- dozen cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined them selves to light wines or, better still, wholesome temperance drinks,they would be as healthy in North Queensland as iu any other part of the world." The doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket of his cane-lounge, thinking it was well he had included light wines in the list of harmless beverages. " But this is straying from the ques tion. You require me to make a careful analysis of the liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over." "That's the nature of the business," answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison be discovered, to order au exhumation of Liscombe's remains and make an examination of the sto mach." "'Quite so; the only examination I have yet made has been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show how the fracture was made. It might have been caused by a blow from a stick, or else have been the result of accident, pure and simple, such as a fall from a horse. In auy case, if there are traces of poison in the whisky I will immedi ately make a thorough examination of the stomach." " It looks fishy," said the sergeant, "the flask having Prescott's monogram 011 it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him." The sergeant talked to the doctor unre strainedly, knowing that whaicver passed between them would be kept iu strict sccrecy. " You are hard at work getting to gether ail fho evidence in your power, I sunvese *• Yes, and a pretty business it is. At best wo have only evidence of a purely circumstantial nature and that scarcely enough to arrest anyone upon." " I'll have to look alive," said the doc tor, " in order to get mine ready by the 18th. What is your opinion about"Pres cott V' The sergeant for a moment liardlv liked to make reply to such an outspoken question, stroking l;i3 moustache and gnzirig into space as was his custom whenever anj'thing of a perplexing character cropped up. After a moment he made reply : " Well, doctor, either that he is the most cunning and designing scoundrel, or else innocent of the basest crime that man can be charged with." " He'm ! that doc-sn't tell nie much. For my part, I've always had the highest opinion of Prescott, and cannot see what motive there was for getting rid of Lis combe. It's clear that they agreed abosic as well as a keg of gunpowder and a lighted match, but still there must be a very broad line between bearing ani mosity against a man and doing away with him. No, I can't believe that Pres cott is the slayer of the Manager of Rap poe." "Remember, ' said Popham, " there were £3o09 at stake. A man don't care about parting with that when he thinks he can see his way clear to retaining it." " Mercenary motives, I am aware, have a good deal to do with the taking of men's lives. In fact, in nine cases out of ten, murders result from that and tlint alone. But to tell me tiir.t Prescott did away with Liscombe over a money trans action is more than I can credit." " Well, doctor, how do yoc reconcile that idea in your mind with those docu ments which were found in Lucombe > saddle-pouch ? It appears to me that our young friend had a double reason for dis posing of the manager, though when all's paid and done liiscombe was as bad as Prescott, if the death of Dugdale rests 011 the latter's shoulders. He can only be proceeded against on one charge at a time, and to a certainty the question of I how Dugdale met his death cannot be an swered satisfactorily. What we have to prove is whether in view of past circum stances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombe." Great as the impartiality of British justice may appear in giving prisoners the benefit of a doubt, there very often appears amongst the detective force au undue and over-anxious desire to find someone guilty. Detectives, like most other members of a community, have to make their daily bread aud at times this necessary com modity is hardly earned, and often too at the risk of their own lives. Still the fact must rom.-iin that in manv cases their errors ol' judgment are uu pardoiiablo wh<n a man is arrested on a charge of which he is wholly innocent. In their endeavois to earn for them selves praise of the world, handsome re muneration and speedy promotion, there is a tendency to overshoot the mark. Serjeant Popliani had had many suc cessful coi'jn, and in this particular in stance comtoriod himself in the belief that lie knew where to lay hands on the right person. It was past eleven o'ck-ck when Poj> Iiam rosi; to tali® his depar1. ure. " To-morrow, then, you'd set to Work, doctor, and 1 hope furnish us with some valuable information." After this the trooper sauntered through the trim little u;uden with its wealth of flowering shrub.. and idants, sending forth their aromatic fragrance on the still night air. The quiet highway whi- .1 led through thickly - ^ vo wn cluuip3 of paisdauus paous and bamboos, looked dreary enough as ! he tramped along, sending up the lino wliito dust which lay ankle-deep on the ; roadway. The sound of iiis foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters of the bridge which spanned the river alone broke the calm i repose of the small town. The night was close and almost stifling in its character within doors, so much =;o ! thatPopliam resolved not to retire forth- | with, knowing full wcl! that little or no j sleep would come to refresh, him. He according filled himself a pipe of J tobacco and stretched himse'f in a ham- I mock which occupied a owner of the J verandah. He went over again in his ' miad the events of the day winch he felt j sure wei-e sbuut to throw stroui; light on 1 the nature of JTaurice LifCoiube's death. If there were n;:ce-; of poison ii 1 »ie liquor—of which he had not the least doubt—the question, must answered. " Who was to blame ? ' There could be little do;;bt ehhor that | the flask which bore Sjbii'a monogram ; was not L'.scumb'i's property. , I It was midnight. | The palms and bamboos wev-e stirred by a gentle breeze which rufilod their feather}' tops, the flapping wings of some flying-fox as it daried through space, might be heard, or the mournful cry of a jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light ! would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly prac tical in character as a man could weil be. ; No superstitious fancies ever found their way into his clear and far-seeing mind, though his home in the old country had been associated with all manner of blood- i curdling legends handed do wn from gene- j ration to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villagers who were as 'gnorant as people generally are—born, bred and dying in one spot. ' " I daresay I should have grown up ex- ! actly the same, had I stayed there,1' he j said to himself, his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancashire village, j *' Romance is all very well, but when a j man's starving there's devilish little ro- ] mance in him. And that's been my ex perience before now, and in Australia, too, where they say a man can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some j of my old chums in the bush for a year or I 60 and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of them." j What had led the sergeant into this I train of thought, which seldom occurred, I was more than he himself could have said. " My God! there's a ghost!" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which stood motionless at the garden gate. " Am I dreaming ; No, sure enough, I'm awake." The sergeant gave liitnself a much in order to make certain. At iirst the sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled him, hut irt another instant he walked quickly down in the direction of his nocturnal visitor. *• By heavens, its Lucy!" lie said, be ginning to recognise the w<'ll-known tea tures of tin; popular bar-maid. '' What 011 earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too ?" He was right The figure before him was Lucy Gulleni, clad in naught else but her robe de nuit, and her long raven treses falling in \va<?y masses about her shoulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there seemed no whit of expression there. She was asleep—as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her bed. " What the devil shall I do with her ?" tiie sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbeth-like visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to, having heard that such a thing might prove fatal, more especially when he knew the highly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was the first lime in his life that he had ever be<*ii confronted by such a sight, and hoptd it would be the last. "Well, it's no use standing looking at her all niglrt, though she is nice. I've never before seen her look so fetching. My word, how the boys would laugh if they only knew of this. Lucy at my house at this hour!" The sergeant smiled at the bare idea of such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact that there was no eye witness of the scene. " No one shall heap of it , I'm deter mined, and so the sooner I can get her back to bed the better. Good evening, Lucy, will you give me a whisky and bitters, please ?" The sergeant thought this a good way of opening the conversation, being about the most natural question he could have asked. Thfi girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadily before her. *• 1 can't stand this much longer. Per haps she'll come inside if I ask her. Won't you rest yourself a moment ; the aitonioon is warm ?" " Thank you3 if you'll keep secret what I'm about io say." Popham took her hand in his and led her up to ihe verandah. 1 won't come any further," she re marked ; " I'm pressed for time. In fact, ' it's past ten now, but I had 10 come. I could not rest till I told you." " Calm yourself, Lucy, and tell me all. You may rely upon me keeping every thing to myself." " All i sergeant, in jTou, perhaps, I have niy one and only friend. People may call themselves my friends, but I know better. Can a bar-maid be a friend of anyone's ? Look what she has ro go through, the people she must smile at and protend to like. Ah 1 the whole thing is simply a burlesque from begin ning to end. But in you, sergeant, I know that I can put my trust." the girl put out tier hand, glittering with many precious stones of a doubtful character, which Pophain held gently. ''And now for my story. I couldn't] sleep to-night when I went to bed, with this dreadful weight on my mind, so ■ dressed myself and came up here." The sergeant gazed down at the em broidered robe. of tie somnambulist and smiled at the iden. " I knew that the body of Maurice Liscombe would be found sooner or l iter. ' Murder will out' is a true saying, and Las proved so in this case. L have come here to give you some strong evidence which will bring that man to justice." " Who is that man ?" Lucy at this question went off into a liigh-pitched scream of laughter, de moniacal and unnatural in sound. " How can you ask that question?" she said when she had. recovered her composure. " Why, Sybil Prescott is Liscoinbe's murderer. Oil! don't look surprised. The word sounds harsh enough, doesn't it ? Nevertheless, it'a true. Aye, as true as ever a thing was in this life." The sergeant heeded not the statement made b3' the woman in her present state, yet withal there was an irresistible fasci nation to listen to all she had to say. " To bring Sybil Prescott to justice is my purpose. Those documents which tell so much against him are as nothing beside what I have seen with my own eyes. I know their contents, but how I know them don't ask me. There was a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, weuld prove something that he might not like. That flask was given to Lircombe the night when herode to his death." " What did it contain ?" asked ihe ser geant. " It contained poison, Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah ! a woman was not giv^.n her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of tllis—told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said within me ail was not right. 1 heard someone in the bar this evening' talking about drugged liquor, so perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should Prcscott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that he has never in his life done before. The reason is not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of them. I will say no more. Know this, sergeant, that the blood of Liscombe is on that younz man's hands. Arrest him without delay and give him his deserts." Lucy by this time had wound herself up to an unnatural pitch of excitement, so much so that Popham began to fear that she would awaken. Noiso,however. She still held 011 with her rambling and at times incoherent, account of what she wished the police <>l';k:er to believe. " }.!:ini-ice Lisconihi' vra^ kind to me. th'ti!:;li 1 niiwr 1 i !.•(.-d him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was it % He was already an engaged men. How handsome, how noble 1 thought he was. He could never be mine. All has happened for the best. Sly life would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Time is going ; I must get home again. Will you walk as far as the gate ? I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurice have been killed unless as I have said by poison 1 What will a man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like he had ? Ahl the thought is horrible, hor rible, horrible!" As she uttered the words she moved slowly down the steps, beckoning Pop ham to follow. At the gate she whispered in his ear: " Remember, let no one know what I have told you." Iu another instant she had vanished through the darkness along the shadowy road. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to gc inside and if possible sleep it 0J1. Evidence coming in this fashion ia darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it." Soon the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep and for the time he was quite obli vious that there had ever lived such a per son as Maurice Liscombe. 