! PRO dDBRIM'S NEW TO UK LETTER. If was a cyclone, a blizzard, a nr-nsoon and a typhoon all in one. Knocked out was no name for it. Disaster does not describe it. Calamity is only a weak figure of speech inr the defeat. The Republican party, fur the time being, is prone. Phew Wasn't it a stunner ? Didn't the ins mourn and the outs rejoice ? I can imagine the feelin" of the ancient Jews when they first caught sidit of the Promised Land. Well, it's over, the battle is fought and won, and now we can sit quietly down to figure on the loss and gain. One of Chauncey Depew's be a" jokes at the Stanley dinner on Saturday night was that he was glad of Stanley's arrival at this time, for having succeeded in discovering Livingston and having found Emin Pasha, perhaps he would help us to discover what had become of the Republican party. In sooth, ifc was a brutal joke. I don't believe in jesting on the dead, at least before the corpse is cold. Xf the great chiefs of the Sioux or the Sacs and J? oxes could have witnessed the scalp dance of the great Winouisky and the Tammany Braves, it would have delighted their hearts, and in deep libatioils of fire water they would have given thanks to the Great Spirit for the magnificent victory accorded his faithful children. At an assemblage of Republicans and Democrats down at Jerry flynn's, in the , arcl- McCarty remarked "it wuz the O Kiiuey Tariff play in' into the hands av the British to down Parnell and Home Rule." But Tim Eeeny paralysed the crowd, for he said that he knew " the rayson, and he had jusfc got it from head-quarters from ould Boss Croker himself." The crowd held their breaths and gathered about Tim anxious to know the great secret, and he told them in a solemn voice, that "the Boss tould him the rayson of the viclitovy wuz bekase Tam many had the most votes." It may not be in the politest form or the best grammar, but its the frozen truth, and that's about the size of it. While to the Republicans, no doubt, the result of the elections is little less than a calamity, to "the cause of humanity and " a government of the people, and for the people, and by the people," there is a gain wherever human government is known. Where on the face of the globe could such a revolution occur without bloodshed or violence? We have in our midst elements as turbulent and cruel as can be found on the ' face of the earth. Europe has thrown upon us the worse of her anarchists and murderers whom she had to drive out, because slie could not control them. We have pl-wed the ballot in their hands and.yet the govern ment is unshaken. Cleveland goes out and' Harrison take3 his place. Harrison retires and there is a reasonable expectation that a .Uemocrafc will succeed him in the White House. If he should do so, on the day of the inauguration the outgoing and the incoming Presidents will ride to the capitol in the j sara® carriage. The defeated candidate will | receive almost as many cheers from the multitude assembled as his successor The great ledgers of the Republic will be handed over to the proper officer?, balanced to the hundreth part of a dollar, and the next day the business will g0 forward as if there had never been a' change. It is no use grumbling, speculating on causes or moraliz ing on future possibilities; the American people have declared for the Democrats, and 1 the best thing to do ia to accept the result in an honest and manly fashion. From one end of the union to the other we hear but one report, and that is that it was the quietest and most orderly election ever seen in this country. The battleis over,cany off the dead but as I hive often said in these letters before my sympathies generally run with the under (log in the fight. "Requiescat in pace " Rinr, down. & The arrival of Stanley was one of the start ling sensations of the week, for he has been one of the most marked men in the world for the last fifteen years. To look at him now one can scarcely realize the accounts of his for lorn condition at the time of his nuptials in estinimster Abbey. In his case, evidently marriage is not a failure, for Mrs. Stanley— nee Dorothy Tennant-looks like a woman who would bring any man back to life. Certainty Stanley never looked better than he does now. I dined with him in Paris on nr, return from Africa in 1S78 ; he then ocked like a shost, and a very poor ghost at that; he sat nil the evening and scarcely said a word, or ate, or drank a thing, in fnrh, he looked like a very sick man. Now he has pjwn stout and cheery ; he looks like a happy man ; he t-Jk.s more than of yore, and is altogether a different person from what he was when he left to start on his last expedi tion. Ho was then advertised to lecture at Stemway Hall, but he left here almost at a moments notice, and his coming back is like the march of a conqueror. All classes are eager to lionize him, but Stanley saw so much lion:.zwg in Africa that the thin;' has lost its novelty. Evidently Mrs.Stanley is a good enough lion for him. She 13 proud of lier great husband,and he seems proud of his handsomeand talented wife. His lectures will be the grandest success ever seen on the ecture platform, and when ho goes to Eng land he will have to get a horse and cart To carry off Ins bonds. Strange complications arise from day to clay ; in fact, we are never without a senc.a lion of some kind. A fev- woMts rgo a man T?as found dead in one of the rooms of a hotel at Yonkers. He had comMtt-sd .s'jieide- He had registered under the name oi L^r?iitat cpt had left no clue to his identity, and ta;3 looked asif he might find his finalrestingplace in Potter's Field. .Just in-the nick of time a nice old aentleman the name of Sumner Appeared upon the sCene, and he identified iHe stficide (tg a friend atid cliefit- of Til? by the name of E-igat.S a ^Ithv English chemist who had come to tliis country nboat-.two vears ago with a fortune of about oii5 hur* drtd thousand dollars. Sumner took charge of the body, paid all the expenses of the , funeral, and then intimated that poss'bly j there might have been foul play. Mr. Edgar j had a couple of nephews who were a little off j color, and that possibly they might have had ! something to do *?tji it.. 5lr. Sumner was ■■ sorely exercised at the fats of his '<!d friendj and appeared very anxious to know what .iad become of his hundred thousand dollars. After a time there becrnn to be doubts if there were any Edgars in the flesh, and if at the bottota of thn whole atfiir there was not a plot to utilize the body cf ^mitli^the suicide, as a dummy for the mythical j>agff* ^hos® life was comfortably insured. The record of the pious old Sumner was overhauled, and it was discovered that he had been mixed lip in 3 number of shady affairs, but so far the cunnifig fox ^'s^-aped through the meshes of the law. WheU detccucii of the fraud be came almost known, someone wrote s letter saying that the dead Edgar has^ been seen walking Broadway two weeks after he wa3 buried. II it was a plot Mr. Sumner will never get a stiver of the insurance. The Duchess of Marlborough, who married the notorious Duke of that name, has been ill the city foa several week3 tiying to raise seme money, Meanwhile the constables have been., hunting aroufld to find something tansi'ele to !?*•<• on,belonging to Her Grace. The lady is called Her bidSe. shij.tbe |>uke is her disgrace. No chargs fur fhis; 3s I. ex pect to send it to the London . Punch. From her first husband, Mr. Hammersly, she received at his death the interest of several millions of dollars. The lady lived high and fast,and used up her immense income almost as fast as it accumulated. On the occasion of her.marriage she drew a hundred thousand doli'srs n-oii her Me husband's executors, ami like the generous 'nfij- .that, she was touted all the bills—his Graceful n'ibTjs fiat even having to pay for the state-rooms on the elegant steamer that carried him and hi3 lovely American bride back to his castle in Halbion's Hile. When they got home the roof of the house needed fixing, and away front the.tnil end of that hundred thousand dollars, then there i5S? cwkery to buy and many of the kettles and pans in £!■';. kitchen needed soldering ; aud no .vonder, for some if them came over with the Conqueror. Several little debts of various kinds remained to b'i settled, and the Duche--s required another dot. She called again on the New York executors for another hundred thous and, they kicked like mules, but she got it. That has gone where the woodbine twineth, as the late Jiin Fisk of blessed memory once remarked to an Erie stockholder, and now like f airer Twist, she is asking for more. Her English creditors are hustling around to find something to levy on, but as yet they have not found anything large e):crUgh to make a canary bird's perch. They would lite Her Grace to make a "post obit" on her Americanexpectations,butsheisnotdoingthat soft cf thing now, she will wait till she get3 back to Blenheim. Herr John Most turned Op in Brooklyn on Saturday night to give an oration on the martyrs that were hung in Chicago, 11th November 1887. Most was to speak in company with Lucy Parsons, the colored wife of the Chicago Anarchist, but Mrs. Parsons failed to put in an appearance. 'Cause why ? Well, she couldn't fo she was was fast looked up in jail in Newark, New Jersey, where she tried to kick up a row the night before, expounding the American C-institution. When the fun commenced Herr Most, like the brave man that he is, got up and dusted ; but Lucy kicked like a Texas steer, and it required several police men to land her in a dungeon cell. On Siturday night'Most appeared in Brooklyn. At first the city authorities thought of for bidding the meeting, but the matter being left to the chief of police he said, " Let it go on." He sent down seventy policmen to the hall, and they all had their long night clubs; the orders were not to interfere in any way, and as long as they maintained order they were not to be disturbed. Herr Most uu I doubtedly remembered the night before when he just escaped with a whole skin, and " he roared me gently as a sucking dove" A renegade Baptist preacher named Hugh 0. Pentecost was advertised to speak, but fearing his feathers might be ruffled sent a lett r instead. Sam Gompers, the Jupiter Tinians of the Federation of Labor, is in trouble, and his Socialistic associates propose to thrown him overboard. Sam is a constitutional kicker. 1 He is the man who tried to down Powderly. Now, he himself is . down among the dead men. Well, this is a sad, wicked world, and the fewer we praise in ib the better. Ta. ta. Truly yours, Moadbrtm. 