Sydney Jottings. I The Royal Commission appointed to in quire into the causes of strikes, and the most practical method to be adopted ?with a view to their prevention, still continues to hold its sittings ; but, in the opinion ot' the majority ot' the public, the result so far has only been any amount of labor and money thrown away. Numerous employers and repre sentatives of labor have been examined and cross-examined with the object of throwing some light on the vexed ques tion ; but, as the evidence of each one is nearly identical with that of the pre ceding one, there seems at present 110 likelihood of getting nearer a solution of the difficulty. One witness, a squat ter, recommended that all the agitators 011 both sides— capital and labor — should be hanged. This was, he said, in his opinion, the only certain cure for strikes. Tho time originally alloted for the Commission to carry out its work was three months, and now the members aro suggesting an application for an ex tension of time. It will be interesting to learn, when tho farce comes to an end, what the cost has been to the suf fering tax-payers, and what amount has gone into the pocket of each member of the Commission. The ghost of tho defunct Dead Bird | has appeared in the shape of the Bird of Freedom, but is threatened with as complete annihilation as was served out to its original. The Postmaster-General gave it a good lift towards this end by confiscating 4000 copies of the first issue that had been deposited in the General Post- ollico for transmission. The grounds 011 which he has based his action are that, ' the publication was avowedly tho continuation of the ob scene publication previously condemned, under a changed designation, and that there was 110 evidence that the so-called new publication would not follow the same objectionable lines as its prede cessor.' It is certain he made sure of his ground before adopting so extreme a course. He has tho best of legal advice at his command, and it is safe to say that he has availed himself of it. I feel all the more confident of this from ?what I heard a gentleman, who is well acquainted witli: tho Postmaster-General for' years, say tho other day'. This gen tleman said: — ' Dan is tho cunningest man that ever breathed tho breath of life ; you can't corner liim, you may think you have him, but he will find a ?way out.' In the issue referred to, there appeared a paragraph and a little rhyme, under the heading ' Dan's Cramcy,' through which the public are asked to believe that Dan drives a creamy pony, .and that the said moke is at times baited on the General Post office premises at tho expense .of the country, and also that a Government official is told off to tend it. If such is the case, I can't see much in the first part of the announcement, as the public won't I'm sure take exception to ' Dan's Cramey ' getting a bite or two with the horses belonging to the post-office, while his boss is engaged 011 departmental business. However, Dan seems to think differently, as he has brought an action for libel against the proprietors of the obnoxious journal, and claims £2000 damages. Six to four on Dan. R ather a peculiar accident, which even tually proved fatal, occurred at Strath field last Saturday, the victim being a young man named James Little. It appears that on the date in question ?when Little was batting afc a cricket match, a fast ball that had just been delivered, and at which he was about to play, bounced off the ground and struck him behind the ear. Although he was slightly stunned for a moment, no seri ous results were apprehended. How ever, bad symptoms set in the following day, and after considerable suffering the ?unfortunate young fellow expired on Monday afternoon. It has just transpired that the Post master- General's brother Jim, some short time since received an appointment in the Customs as tidewaiter, but that owing to some reason or other his con nection with the service was of rather short duration. The piece of informa tion, coming on top of the announce ment that his other brother, Patsy, had got the snug little billet of C.P.S. at Bulli, rather shakes one's confidence in the administration of the Civil Service Act, and inclines ono to the opinion that political influence, after all, is tho main . factor in the qualifications necessary to. secure a Government billet. The O'Connors are having a very respectable innings. Of course we all know that Dan is far above using his influance as a Minister of the Crown to secure any advantage whatever on behalf of his relatives; If the ex-butcher stands for Sydney next election, I fancy he won't find things run so smoothly as hereto fore. The ship Sobraon, recently purchased by the N.S.W. Government as a- substitute for tho old Vernon, has just been form silly handed over to tho authorities ; and the alterations necessary to render her suitable for a training ship aro to be proceeded with forthwith undor the direction of the Minister for Public In struction. She is to be re-christened the ' Vernon.' A case of some interest to tenderers for Government contracts has just been brought prominently under public notice. It appears that tenders were called for the erection of a railway station at 1 Katoomba, and that the tender of a Mr. I ? . Maincr was duly declared as the lowest, but for some unexplained reason it was not accepted, the work being given to Messrs. Dean and Sons; whose tender was -£90 higher. Mr. Mainer, feeling aggrieved, called a meeting of - builders and contractors, and, in addressing the meeting, explained fully all the circum stances in connection with tho case. He held lliat the Commissioners, by passing over his tender, had inflicted 011 him a serious injury, and had placed him in somewhat a doubtful position in the eyes of the public. He stated that, before the official notification of the acceptance of Messrs. Dean and Sons' tender, he had received some private intimation of what was likely to be the case, and had, in consequence, called 011 the Commissioners with the object of gaining some information 011 tho subject ; but failing to see those gentlemen, ex plained to their Secretary that he would be willing to give substantial proof of his ability to carry out the work, if such wero needed, or if any doubts were entertained as to his stability. How over, this offer appears to have had no beneficial oflect, as his tender was rejected in favor of that of De.m and Sons. Ho went on to say that ho had 110 hesitation in protesting strongly against this favoritism of ono firm over another ; and held that it should be the recognised rule in all Government Departments to accept the lowest tender for any work, when all other circum stances were satisfactory. He stated that lie had the capital and .also the necessary plant, and he could see no legitimate reason why his tender should have been ignored. There were about 50 builders present at the meeting, and all were evidently in favor of Mr. Maiiicr's sentiments. Tlio acceptance of tenders for Government work is a question affecting thousands of contract ors in all parts of the colony, and, in view of tho circumstances in connection with the case in question, it would be well if somo definite understanding were arrived at in relation thereto. The great glove fight between Goddard, tho Now South Wales man, and Choynski, tho American, came off last Tuesday night in the hall of the Sydney Amateur Gymnastic Club, and resulted in the defeat of the stranger. The contest only lasted four rounds, but proved to be the hottest bit of work of its kind that has been witnessed here for many a day. The fighting through out was desperate. It was simply brute strength combined with comparatively little science, anci any quantity or piucK, against the most superb science. The American gave a splendid exhibition of scientific skill, and chopped liisponderous opponent all to pieces; and, in my opinion, would have come off victorious had he not been so anxious to deliver punishment until later on in tho fight. Goddard had the advantage in weight of 1 stone dibs, and to this fact his success may be attributed. In the fourth round ho fought Choynski on to the ropes, and fairly threw himself on him, thus knocking out what little strength the game American had left. At the conclusion of the fight Choynski only showed a cut lip while Goddard was indeed a sorry sight ; both his eyes being in a fearful state, and a terrible cut on the chin. In fact his whole face presented a sickening spectacle. The winner's share of the purse amounts to £300, and the loser being forced to content himself with half a century. The hall was crowded, and the excite ment was intense. It was evident throughout that the sympathies of the majority of the spectators were with the stranger, still all agree that the best man won. One more to Australia. It is probable that a match will be arranged between Choynski and Dooley for £200 aside to fight to a satisfactory termina tion. As an inducement the S.A.G. Club offers a purse of £150 for the winner. Goddard somo time since defeated Dooley after a well contested fight lasting for 22 rounds, and, as both the vanquished men are about the same weight, and exceptionally clever boxers, a very interesting contest is antici pated should they meet. The Hon. Dan. and Captain Fisher S.M., were amongst the spectators at the Goddard-Choynski fight. The announcement of this fact appears to have been a little too much for the Daily Telegraph to swallow, as a reporter of that journal was told off to interview the sporting pair with a view to ascer taining whether such was the case. Dan on being interviewed said ' Yes, and I didn't go in any disguise. It was just the manliest and best contest I have seen in my life ; and what was more, they had the good sense to knock off before anything serious resulted.' Now, Dan, what's the uso of talking about having ' the good sense to knock off before anything serious resulted.' Who knows better than you that they couldn't help knocking off when one or the other could not well stand? Dan was not going to be cornered by a reporter. Captain Fisher simply said : ' Yes, I was there certainly and a very good fight it was.' The Daily Telegraph is very rough on both of them, and considers that the Captain ' should be called to account by the Minister for Justice, while the P.M.G. should be made to answer to the electors for his conduct. 