I XfInal reckoning I A TALE OF BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA, I Bt 0. A. HENTT. I nUPTEB XVItI.-SEm.TN-a Acoooxts. lieu ben sooa checked toe speed of bis horse, I Anxious as he was to arrive as soon as possible, I be might, for aught he knew, yet have occasion I o try the animal to the utmost, and be there. I fore reduced the almost racing pace at which be I tad started into an ordinary steady gallop. I Yhe Worses were fresh and in good condition, I and for several mUes kept up the apace without I flagging Then they were allowed to ease down I into a walk until they got their wind again, and then started into the poce, half canter, half wallop, which is the ulual rate of progression of 0ie colonial horses. They drew rein at last on I % slight eminence from which the Donalds I station, a mile or eo distant, could be per I "Thank God," Reuben muttered to himself, I Aij am back here at last. There is no occasion I for further hurry," and the horses were allowed to go at an easy walk. "Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, I teaching Reuben's arm. I "Where — where, Jim?" I 41 Gone from de houaa. sah, trough dem trees. IHw he go again, be gallop fast." Reuben bad not caught sight of the figure, I bat he pressed his spun against the hones gides. " 1 will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, do you ride straight on to the bouse aud say I (till be there in a few minutes." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his coune would probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the H direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether his S anxiety for Kate Ellison was not making a fool B of him. Why should he turn from his coune jnst at the end of a long journey to start at full speed on the track of this figure of which Jim had caught only a glance? Itmightbeastnck- man or someone who had ridden over from one I of the neighbouring stations to see how Donald wsi getting on ; hut even eo, be told himself, no barm was done by his assuring himself of I that. It was not the way Mr. Darker would take to his station; baa it been a neighbour who had come over he would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables I would be riding away in defiance of his orders on no account to stir any distance from the B house. Presently he caught a glimpBe of the hone. B man. He wan not more than half a mile away B a> but the view he obtained was eo instanta- B neoua that be could not distinguish any parti. B culare. B 44 He is riding fast, anyhow," he said—1 B "faster than a man would travel ou ordinary B business. Ho is either a messenger sent oh urgent business, or it is Thome." He slightly altered the direction of his course, B for the speed at which the horseman was travel- H ling must take him ahead of him at the point fl where Reuben had calculated upon cutting him H off In a short distance be would get a view of H him, for the tree6 ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. VThen the figure came clear of the trees he was but a quarter of a mfle&way;, and Keuben gavea start, H for be recognised at oucc tlie uniform of bis H own corps. It could only be one of the men H left at Donald's, and, witb an exclamation of B anger, Reuben pressed his horse to the utmost H in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a loud call. The man glanced back, but to Reuben's surprise, instead of stopping, waved his baud S above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben was beside H him. B 44 What do you menu ?" >in thundered out. But the man pointed ahead. H "He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Drown dead. I will tell vou after - H wards. There, do you sec, sir, over that brow I there, At the moment Reuben saw a figure on horse hack rise against the sky-line fully two miles in H front. " Itide steadily, Smitheon," he said : ' keep H me in riew, and I will keep him. We must overtake hiin in time, for his horse is carrying double. I shall push on, for I am better B mounted than you are, and he may try to B double and throw ue off hie traces. ' If any thing happens to mo don't stop for a moment, hot hunt that fellow down to the end." , Heuben had been holding his home somewhat id hand during the last mile, for be thought H ibere must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct, hut he now let him go, and luring him to his full speed, soon left the con- stable behind. He knew that for some die- faoce ahead the country was flat and unbroken, and that the fugitive would have no cliancoof concealment which ever wny be turned. Upon reacldng the spot where he had secutbebush- Viogf»r pass the wide plain opened before him, and he gave a shout of exultation as bo saw 'cat he had gaued considerably. The fugitive, indeed, had evidently not been pressing hiB a&rse.; v-' He thinks he has along journey before bun," Reuben muttered. " 1 fancy he's mis- iskea. He thinks he's only got a constable I bin, and that be can easily rid himself of I whenever be comes up to him. Ko doubt he learned from eome ot the convicts that everyone is away, and therefore thinks himself 'E47i I10® all pursuit when once he has wiped I Smitbson. All the better. I shall over- M 811 toe sooner." u, 1Qeed was the view ot the bushranger, J"1 0 kept along at a steady canter, troubliug very lnUe about the solitary constable m01& lieved to be in pursuit of him. H Wnen, indeed, on glancing round ho saw that I W was within a quarter of a mile of r> he reined in his home, and turning, calmly waited his oomiag, I once checked the speed of his I 4m!m ?e that the man was eaid to be a I / his pistol, but he was con- I snD own skill, for, with constant I 3UB Practice, he had attained a S hTrf; i ! proficiency with his weapon. But I whit Care Pve Iris foe the advantage 1 I man Bittiug ou a steady seat possesses I iorse f >o the noddle oi a gaUoping I The v , therefore advanced only at a walk. I to f ualirager put down the change in speed 1 kwiSS "J hu refiolule attitude, and I Tbui.?0 er®» constable ; you had best torn I kaow 2®?/ kead oud go home again. You matpk 7 though that one constable is no I I nut « 80 yu fisd best rein up beforo I lurf . J"our head. . If you shoot you I u likely to kill the young womau I JnskAB aro mo» hfid you know I don't M ktoJl' take." M tcta»r?fcwJf.lr6ay consciona of his disad- heldr ? hi« respect, for the bushranger tht w t 511 Hie saddle in front of him, eo completely covered his. She was enveloped l» a shawl which covered her tod « irSlM her figure. Her captor heU her tightly praned to Iran with hiTleft arm 1 wbHa hit light was fr» to nee a piatol. Bonben checked hie home at a distance of woe fifty yarda, while he thought over the btotwunte topnreuo. An hepaiScd, Thome, for the first Kmc, noticed that it was an officer J,om ,I» to deal, end not with So constable who, as ho believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex- clamahon, for he felt that this materially i altered the conditions of the affair " Oh, ifsyou, is it?" hesaid; "Ithoughtit was only one of your men; but the ad«ce I gavea as good for you as for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you." " Tour mata will never be down on anyone ""i Tom Thome, " Beuhen said sternly. "We have wiped outsevon of them, and the1 other vjapriBoner. "It's a lie!" the basb rauger said furiously "Iney are two hundred miles away to the bush." "With vour friend Bobitn, eh? Yes they wen, but they are not now, Thome. They are lying under the ashes of that hut ot yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure; and it's I who am going to have help, not ycu. My men will bo up in a few minutes," and he glaneeA round at the constable, whom the bush-ranger now perceived for the first time leu than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were in tended to excite. They filled the bush ranger with fury and desire for vengeance, while the eight of the approaching constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to hie horse and dashed at Reuben. When within twenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had been passed across his cheek. Thome uttered a shout of exultation as he taw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to fire. In an instant Reuben discharged his pistol, aud the hush- ranger's weapon dropped from liis hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through ids wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thome drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rung out again at al most the same instant. Reuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the hush -ranger's body, while Thome's pistol was diverted some what from its aim, and the bullet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fire !" and then seeing, by the change in the bushranger's face and by his collapsing figure, tliat he was badly hit, be waited, still keeping Thome covered with tho muzzle, for the bushranger had a charge left in the pistol which he&till; grasped in his left hand. Twice Thome tried to raise it, but in vain. Then he reeled in the saddle, the uistol dropped from hie hand, and be fell heavily over on the ground. Reuben at once leaped from his horse and ran to raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he found she was insensible. -Kneeling beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later theconstahle galloped up. " Badly hurt-, captain ?" he asked as he leaped on his horse, for the blood was stream ing down Reuben's face, and his left arm hung useless. " Nothing to speak of, Smitbson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in the holster ; just bring it here and sprinkle her face. I hope she is only stunned : but that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well be badly hart." "Is he done for, captain T' the T"an asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush ranger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's in structions ; " because if you ain't certain about it. I hod bettor puts bullet into turn. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tobies upon you." "There is no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit, I hope he's not dead, for I would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eves. Tor a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben'b face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. "What is it, Captain Whitney? Are von badly hurt?" "lliank God yon hare recovered, Miss Ellison. You began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure yon I am not much hurt ; only a flesh wound, X fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone." "And vou have saved me again, Captain Whitney?" " Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune," Reuben said quietly, ' and this time for good, for Tom Thome will never molest yon again." "But can't I do something? Your facets bleeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it op," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk band- kerchief which he wore round his neck. " I think, miss, ibis will make a sling for bis arm. and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do you think you can ride back, six?" he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, ' or will you wait till I ride buck to the farm and fetch help?" "I can ride well enough," Reuben sold, trying to riso to bis feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking bis collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. "No, I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." "There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison 6aid ; "please fetch that. I will stop hero witb Captain Whitney till you come back." "I think that will be the best way miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at once. It was an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart ; but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Darker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm juet as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had takeu place. "I did as you told me. Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always ou guard by the door, so thero really did uot seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things witb Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before 1 had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by the wrht and said, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Darker caught <up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt- end of bis pistol. Then be caught up her shawl, which was lying on the choir close by, and tlire w it over my head, and then caught me up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. 1 heard Alice scream, and then 1 must have fainted, for the next thing I kucw was that I was being carried oloug on horseback, I was eo mufiiea up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie quite still as if I was still in- sensible, till he put me down, and then — I think I intended to try and Eeizehis pistol, or to get bold of a knife if there was one, and if I could uot kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Darker was away and would uot be back for hours. I sup posed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and from the distance you said you were going, I did not think you could be back for days. Presently I 'felt him stop and turn his .iorsc, and tkeu when he spoke I knew that be had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be eure, because I could not hear plainly through tbe shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and 1 suddenly felt myself falling, and 1 did not know anything more till I e&w; you leaning over me. But where are all the othere, and how ia it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." " No, I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner, but all the rest of tbe gang are killed. Tbe distance ia not quite eo far aa we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and two sixties. We attacked them at daybreak ou tbe third day after leaving." i "But it is only tbe fourth day to-day, is it not? At least it seems so to me." "It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When , we found that the leader of thB gang wa not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty -four hours before, I waa naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and, after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the watorbole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second night out. Of course the hone I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with ay black boy ou two of tbe horses which we bad token from the bushrangers, and which bad been led so far. , We made another forty mllee by midnight, ana thea halted till daybreak to give the horsed rest, but they were eo done up morning that we could not get thero much beyond a foot- pfcco When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time. The tears were standing iu the girl's eyes, M m! her hand on his and said quietly : " Tliankyou. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me?" MiBBEUuonBee' goodrCQ8on to bo uneasy, tnoment a horse's hoofs were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He bad on amyiog at the station been unable to obtain any information aa to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald wae in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had just beforo be arrived ridden off to meet her husband ; but the dead body of the con- stome by the door and the disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken plane, and he at once started after his master. His bone, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until be met tbo constable returning be had been obliged to follow the track of the horses ia front, aohe did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He ottered exclama tions ofdismay at seeing his master's condition, tor Reuben had neen gradually crowing faint and eould now scarcely support himself on bis elbow, Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf bMore he started, having an eye to bis own comforts as well as to the possibility of its baingrequired. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into tbe cup of Reuben's flaak and nut it to his hps. " Thank you, Jim ; that is just what 1 wanted." " Mawa He down cjuiet," Jim said, " no good ait up;" and gathering a large bunch of grass heplaced it under Reuben's bead, and Reuben lay quiet ioa half dreamy state until Mr, and Mrs. Bsrker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, hut she was ao stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Un. Barker, and burst into teare as her friend threw her arms round her. " That'B rigbt. my poor child." Mrs. Barker said; "aciywflldo you good. Thank God, my dear Kale, for your rescue." " I do indeed, Mrs. Darker. It seems almost a miracle." 41 Captain Whitney seems to spring out of tbe ground whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt badly. The constable eaid it was a broken collar-bone, but it must be something a good deal worse than that" 41 Oh. don't say 6o, Mrs. Barker, after what be'B done for me. If he were to die !" 44 There, there, don't tremble so, child; we must hope that it is not so bad as that; but be would hardly be looking so bad as he does for only a broken collar-hone. My husband broke bis one day the horse ran away with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two, " Is he badly hurt, do you think, John ?" ehe asked her husband who was kneeling besides Reuben. " I hope not," the settler eaid. 41 He ought uot to be like this only from a wound in the collar bone ; but of course it may have glanced down and done Bomo internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anything— the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." a 44 He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Kate said, 44 and has had two fights besides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers had eecapel he came on by himself." ' 44 Oh ! they caught the bushrangers, did they ?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I waa afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have sussed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong ecent. And be has ridden all the way back, has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the significance of Mr. Barker's tone. 44 Don't tease her," his wife said in a low voice. 44 She is temhly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah ! what is that r" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sab," Jim, who was supporting his master's head, exclaimed. 44 Don't let dat fellow come 'live no longer." 44 1 can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. "The man is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber ; but he is harmless now. One cannot wish he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hong him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying he mixed eome brandy with a little water in the cup, and pcured it between the bushranger's lipe. 44 Is it mortal?" Mrs. Barker asked as he re joined her. 44 1 think eo," he eaid ; 44 1 fancy he is shot through the lungs." " You mu6t really sit down, Miss Ellison; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on our hands just now. We have got Ihem pretty full as they are. Ah ! here comes the cart" The constable bad put a quantity of straw in the bottom of the light cart, aud Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. 44 We must take the other too," Mr. Barker eaid; "the man is alive, and we can't leave him here." 44 Yes," Kate said ; 44 he must go too. He did Reuben a great wrong many years ego. I hone he will coufecs it before he dies.' Mr. Barker glanced at bis wife as Kate used tbe young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Reuben who bad been accused of poisoning her father's dog, and of committing a burglary from his house. " You had better get up in front with the constable, Mies Ellison, " the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart ; 44 you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my home and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak ; but before we start I must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying no." he persisted as the girl shook her head. " We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't." Kate did &s; she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Reuben's face. "Ob, Mr. Barker!" ehe said, 44 he looks dead. You are not deceiving tne; ore you?" "Bless me, nn !" the settler eaid cheerfully. "My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sudden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of hie ride have completely overcome him, und my opinion is that he is sound asleep." "Jim, do you lead your master's boree, while the constable takes the other, aud then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed" up at once for Captain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other." So saving he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly ou with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected momentarily to sec Kate faint, and thought it better to remain with her iu case her assistance should be required. Tho journey oc cupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefully bo as not to jolt the cart, Mrs. Barker endeavoured to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what sho had 'heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, aud whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of home she said : — « I think, dear, you are looking a little better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea ready for you. That will do wonders." When the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and ob Kate desoended claeped her iu a long embrace. "Come straight in here, my dear," Mrs. Barker said. 44 1 have got a basin of cold water and a cup of etrnng tea, and tbe two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero." Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the bouse, where a bed had been made up for him iu a room ou the ground floor. 44 Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quiet." 44 Do vou think he is really asleep?" Mr. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. "I do. really," her husband replied. |'Put your ear dose to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly as a child, and," he added, placing his fingers on Reuben's wrist, 44 his pulso is a little fast, but regular and quiet ; twenty-four hours of eleep will set him up again, unless I am greitlv mistaken, I don't expect that this wound will turn out anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Buskin said be would he back again ?" 14 Yea, either yesterday or to-day." "Tbatis lucky. He will be surprised at find ing two sew patients on his bauds sow. I will go and have a look at that poor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea; I will pour a spoonful or two between his lipe. You bad better go and look after Kate. You will not be needed here at present. II roar master trakfe, Jim, let us know directly.' he said to the black, who had seated himself on .the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. 4<I can't call the poor fellow away from Ids master," ho added to his wife es he closed the door behind them ; " but Z am really anxious ' to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our follows have been killed. If. aa Kate eaid, she heard the contain toll the bush-ranger that all hia hand had been killed, except one who Is a prisoner, it has In deed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid ue of these pests, What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time." Kate came out of the room with Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water iw d the tea had the effect Mrs, Barker pre dieted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, end ehe looked altogether more like herself. 44 How Is he?" Mrs, Donald aEke. 44 In my opinion he's doing capitally, Iffre, Donald ; his poise Is quiet ana even, and he's breathing as quietly aa a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, and lprediot that in a few days fas will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbe- haved itself, I see no reaaon why he shonldn't be upto-morrow." 44 That is indeed a relief to us both." Mm, Donald Baid, while Kate could only otesp her hands in silent thankfulness. 44 And now, how is your husband ? I hope he is none tbe worse for all this exertion." 14 He ww terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald said. 11 1 fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, aBd it was as much as I could de when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course, he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he oould scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs, Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I think he wasoccupisdin trying to cheer me, for as soon as he was in bed I broke down ana cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot tbe bushranger." ' 4 , - Three hours later, to the great mUefof 11, tbe surgeon arrived. He waa first token in to look at Reubeu, having been told all the circum stances of the cose, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. 44 1 would not wake him on any account," he said ; 44 it is a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of coarse I can't sav anvthinff aoont tho w/mndtni k« dm Now for his antagonist." The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. The surgoon examined his wound. 44 He is shot through the lungs," he said, 44 and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the Shadow of a chance for him, and no one wish it otherwise. It will only save the coloov the expense of his trial. And now for tnv orisinal patient." Ha was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when be came out proceeded at onoe to mix him a soothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. 44 We must get him off to sleep if we can," he said, 44 or we shall have him in a high state ot fever before morning. A man in hia state can't go through snch excitement as he has done without paying the penalty. And now, I suppose, 1 have done," he eaid with a smile aa Mis. Donald left the room with the medicine. 44 Yes, I think so," Mrs. Barker said; 44 if you had come on hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well he been a better medicine than you could give her." 44 No wonder she is shaken." Mr, Ruskin re marked. 44 Mrs. Barker tells mo you had a heavy fall, too, Miss £Uiaon." 44 Yes," she replied. 44 1 was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am none the worse for it." _ 44 Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, 44 1 suppose you will want to be about to-morrow when out breve army returns. Now there is nothing vou can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker, I am sure, will take charge of the house, and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and eleep till morning." 44 1 could not deep," Kate protested. 44 Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find you are restless you con come down for an hour or two; bat I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Now, Mre. Barker, will you take this medicine up and put this young lady to bed." 44 1 hope she will get off to sleep," Mre. Barker said when she came down-stairs again. 44 1 have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. Buskin replied. 44 1 have given her a verv strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than I should think of giving at any other time; but 1 after Hie tendon that the poor girl must have gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect. I think you will hear nothing more of her till tbe rooming." Indeed it was not until tbe sun was well up the C next morning that Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that she hod slept ail night, but the eastern sun coming in through her window showed her that she had done so. She still felt bruised and shaken all over, but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and weut downstairs. 44 That's right, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. 44 You look bonny and like yourself." "How are my brother and Captain Whit ney ?4' Kate asked. 44 1 don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Mrs. Barker replied : 44 but Captain Whitney has just gone out to the shed with my husband and the surgeon." 44 G«no out to the abei !" Kate repeated in astonishment. 44 Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going test. He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. He asked for water, and then lav for some time quite quiet. Then he paid, 4Ani I dreaming, or was it Reuben Whitney I fouclit with r' 4 Yes, it was Cap tain Reuben Whitney, our inspector,' the constable replied. 4 For a time he lay quiet again, and then said : 4 1 want to see him.' The constable told him be was asleep and couldn't be woke. 14 4 Ie he badly wounded?' tho man asked. 4 1 know I hit him ' 4 Not very badly, I hope,' the constable answered. 4 When be wakes a6k him to come to me, the man said. 4 1 know I am dying, but I want to ece him first. If he can't come let somebody else come.' The constable came in and roused tbe doctor, who went out nnd saw him, aud said he might live three or four hours yet. Soon after- waads, just an the sun rose, Jim came out to say tbat his master was awake. Mr. Ruskin went into him and examined hia wound and probed the course of tbe bullet. It had lodged down just at tbe bottom of the 6houlder-bone. I am glad to say he was able to get it out. When he had done he told hie patient what tbe bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney in sisted upon goiug out to him. 4 it weYt do him auyhann, will it?" Kate asked anxiously. 44 No, my dear, or Mr. Ruskin would not havo let him go. I saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over his face, be looked quite himself again. As I told you, a broken collar bone is a mere nothing, and now we know where the bullet went and have got it out, there is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here tbey come again, ao you can judge ror your self." A very few words passed between Reuben and Kate, for Mrs. Barker, who saw how nervous tbe girl was, at once began to ask him questions about what the bushranger had eaid. 4 4 He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Ruskin and Soiithson have signed. It is about a very eld story in which I was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification for me to have it cleared un at last. I Was accused of poisouing a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my be- half, I fear," he said with a slight smile, 4,somowhatillegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my life if it had not been for Thome's confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that he was con cerned in the second, although I oould not prove it ; but Ue has now made a full confession, say ing that he himBelf poisoned the dog, and con firming the story I told at tbe trial. ' 44 Oh, lam glad!" Kate exclaimod. "You know, Captain Whitney, that I was euro of yonr innocence, but I know how you must have longed for it to be proved to the world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to make it public P" 44 1 shall send a copy of tho confession, pro perly attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which. Captain Whitney tous me, is published there weekly." 44 1 suppose there is no hope for him f" Kate asked in a low voice. . «... 44 Heis dying now, Barker said. "Buskin is with He was fret becoming oncon- scions when we Laft hini| end Buskin said that the end w&e; at hand. A quarter of an hour later tbe surgeon camp in with the news that all waa over. , 44 Now, Captain Whitney, ytro must come into your room and let me bandage up yoor shoulder properly, I hadn't half time to doit before." 44 But you won't want me to lie In bed or any nonsense of that sort ?" Reuben asked. 44 1 would if I thought you would obey my orders; but as I see no chance of that, X shall not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep youiself very quiet 1 shall bandage yonr aim across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder, and when that is done 1 Hijwir «ou will be all righU" There was only one more question which Reuben had to ask with regard to tbe event of the preceding day— why it was that Smithson did not go to Me comrade s assistance. Hie then learned that Thome rodequietly np to the baok of the boose and dismounted, then went to the etaMe, where Smithson was asleep, havhagbeen on guard daring the night, and pushed a pieoe of wood under the latch of the door, bo tut it 2 ?£ "to Having thus securely fastened Smithson In, he had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable these before toe latter was aware ox his presence. Smithson, awakened by the ehot, tried in Jgotootjaiid waaouly released by Mrs. Barker when ehe recovered from the etuunisg hfch the bushranger had struck her. He had then mounted at onco and fallowed in pursuit. In the afternoon tbe party returned from the bush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume hiB dnties. Tbe complete des truction of tbe gang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a vast seoBatkm in the colony, ana Reuben gained gnat credit and instant promotion for hit conduct. A month after the retain of tbe party from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, and, sls the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of Belling his property, The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mre. Donald anaher sister three months later. 14 Wall, Kate, after all he has done for ue, of i course I nave nothing to aay against it, and! don't suppose you would mind if I had ; ettil, I do think you might have done better." 44 1 could not have done better," Kate eaid hotly,44 not if I had had the pick of the whole colony," 44 Well, not in one way, ray dear, for you know that personally I tike him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think it is a little unfortunate that— we ever knew hir before." 14 And I think It's extremely fortunate," Kate B&id; stoutly. 44 If it hadn't been that he had known ue before and cared for me— he eaya worshipped, but that's nonsense— ever eince I waa a child, he would never have made tbat terrible ride, and I — " 44 Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it's all for the beet," Alice said, philosophically. 44 At anyreta, you are quite happy, and he is a noble fellow. But I hope for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of others left In the colony." 44 1 told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. 44 1 said, of course, that I didn't want to influence bisn." Alice broke into a laugh. 41 You tittle goose, as if what you say doesn't influence him." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. 44 My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from yon that you are engaged to be married, and the circumstances which yon tell me of make it a most interesting affair. If I were you I should cut the constabulary. I inclose a paper from Wilson giving yon. three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me. You know I regard you as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Beuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what he had done the Utter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Reuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, bnt the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the subject. 4 1 am one of the richest men in the colony," he said, 44 and it's hard if I can't spend my money as I choose." There is little more to tell. Reuben became one of tbe leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his business and returned to England and bought an estate not far from X?wes, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied from Anstralia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement is as to which owes most to the other. the end. 