He Fell Among Thieves.* CHAPTER XV. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRARY AND HENRY HERMANN. Seven years ago the reader caught a momentary sight of one M. Vergueil, standing in a brown study at the door of Misseri's Hotel in Constantinople. This gentleman was a figure in the police department of Paris, and enjoyed a high reputation both for astuteness and good fortune. But like others amongst the astutest and the happiest, he found one thing denied him, and he so puzzled over the one case which baffled his intelligence that his failure in that respect left a drop of gall at the bottom of every cup of success he quaffed. The Govern ments of three or four countries had unitedly agreed to leave in M. Vergueil's hands the in vestigation of a series of railway robberies. J3e had started on his work with something like certainty, and bit by bit his case had melted away between his fingers. It became a forlorn hope in the first six months, and M. Vergueil became a man with a grievance. Ho laid hands on scores of notorious criminals, he had bril liant successes by the dozen, but he had made nothing whatever of the great railway rob beries, and his disappointment clouded him. M. Vergueil's business had brought him to London. Forged notes of the Bank of France had been put in circulation at Monte Carlo and Spa pretty extensively, and had been dropped here and there in small quantities in the great citie9 of Europe. The imitation of the hun dred-franc note was bo admirable that only an expert could be relied upon to detect the dif ference between it and the actual issue of the bank. M. Vergueil's inquiries had led him to the belief that the seat of the forgery was in England, and both in lighting upon the original track, and in following it up he had so far been blessed with even more than his usual good fortune. He had taken up his headquarters at the Westminster Hotel, and sitting in his room im mersed in thought over a cigarette and a glass of sugared water, he found himself awakened by the living accents of a voice which was at that moment speaking to his fancy's ear. •' Mr. Ronald Morton," Baid the voice. M. Vergueil set his whole soul in his ears and listened. He might hear nothing worth the hearing, but on the other hand he was a gen tleman who never missed a chance, and he was peculiarly anxious to know all that could be known of the owner of this particular voice. The room in which hs Bat and that in which the conversation was going on communicated by a door, which was for the present locked on one side and bolted on the other. M. Vergueil noiselessly kicked off Mb slippers, and crossing the room with a cat-like nicety of tread, dropped on his knees with his ear at the key-hole, and so stayed. The watchful grin upon his face was a study for intentness, but every now and then as the conversation went on the mere ghost of a smile flickered across it, and at the mention of Mr. Gilfoil's name his eye sparkled brightly for a single second. In his eagerness to hear he hardly dared to breathe, and to let his breath go silently he olenohed his teeth with his lips drawn away from them in a curiously ghastly smile. When at last Heaton addressed his interlocutor as Mr. William Reid the detec tive gave such a start that his head came into contact with the door knob, and for a little * The sole right of publication in Queensland of " He Fell Among Thieves" has been pvrohased by the Brisbane Newspaper Company. while between his rage at hia own clumsiness, his fear that he had betrayed a listener's pre sence, and the actual physical pain of the blow, he lost knowledge of what was going on. The next thing that came clearly to him was the gallant captain's noisy and defiant " Good morning." He heard the door open and close, and listened to the footsteps in the corridor, and hastily snatching up a pair of boots in order to have some ostensible reason for quitting hi 3 chamber, he dodged cat-like to the head of the stairs, and peered after Messrs. Hump and Heaton. He withdrew his head swiftly as the captain looked about him, and glued himself to the wall of the corridor. There was a little silence between the pair, and the detective's strained ears caught the rustle of paper only. Then hs heard Heaton's voice saying, " That's all, my boy. That was the number of the bond on top of tho pile. They were lying on his table." M. Vergueil admitted to his detractors thai he was lucky. He had a little satiric habit among them of attributing all his success to tho unbought blessings of fortune, but ns he walked quietly back to his room he owned that no such stroke of luck as this had ever come to him. He had given William Reid up this half dozen years, had abandoned him with grief and wounded pride. He had longed for him as men only long for the unattainable; and being a person of a quick and vivid temperament had sometimes gritted his teeth in sudden rage at the manner in which he had been evaded. And now the delightful, unhoped-for, unattainable thing, the fabled bird of contentment whom men follow for ever and who will not allow himself to be caught, came to him without even a call, and perched upon his hand. Tho emi nent detective was happier than if be had heard that some dead millionaire had bequeathed him all his belongings. He sat in his own room smiling radiantly, and gripping one hand with the other, as if he were shaking hands witV. himself in a delighted self-congratulation. He listened for the movements of the next rcom's occupant, and allowed his mind to play about him in charmed speculation. It was no wonder that he had not been able to track William Reid into tho wildest fastnesses of Asia. It was not at all remarkable now that no attempt had been made to place the stolen bonds upon the market. William Bcid had left them in safe keeping that Ronald Morton might, after long lapse of time, withdraw them. He could not keep out of his mind a grim respect for the man with whom he would have to deal. It was no common little scoundrel who had buried himself for seven years in the earth's darkest places to build up a barrier be tween himself and justice. M. Vergueil's blood flushed at the fancy. He loved a worthy adver sary, and the man seemed to him to have played a giant game. His heart warmed towards him. He sat in resolute patience for hours, scarcely moving, and insensiblo to weariness or ennui. Patience met his reward at last, and his neigh bour went away, locking his door behind him. He looked from his own chamber door, and caught sight of the stalwart retiring figure Ha had remarked this noticeable neighbour of hia before, and something in the square set of the shoulders and the poise of the head struck him anew. . """ " He will be a fiend when I come to deal with him," said M. Vergueil to himself. He followed him calmly down the stairs tft make sure of his disappearance from the hotel, and lingering on the hotel step 3 with a protence of consulting some memoranda which he drew from his pocket he heard the eminent traveller call a cab. * "Where to, sir?» "The Fancy Fair, Albert Hall." " We are beginning to lose oar native mO> desty," said M. Vergueil, smiling to himself " and to go a little into society." With that he turned with an elaborate air of having forgotten something, and marched briskly up the stairs. As he went he drew from his pocket a bunch of keys, calmly selected one, and went on dangling it between his thumb and finger. He walked straight to Roland Morton's room, and with the insolence and aplomb be gotten of long service unlocked the door, passed through, and secured it by the bolt on the other side. He took a survey of the place. A port manteau stood in one corner of the room, and dropping on his knees beside it he selected from his bunch of passkeys one that looked likely for the purpose, and tried it in the lock. "That will be a work of time," he said* " The lock is a patent. Very well, I will try elsewhere first." The lock of the wardrobe offered no diffi culty, and there before him on the middle shelf lay a great pile of Austrian bonds. Ha smiled placidly, and drew from his pocket a memorandum book, on one page of which was pasted a slip of newspaper. He consulted the cutting and the number of the topmost bond. Then he smiled anew, more placidly even than before, and extracting a single sheet from the middle of the pile he folded it deliberately and put it into his breast pocket. Next he relocked the wardrobe, walked to the door and listened there for a moment, and, slipping out to the corridor, was in his own room in a twinkling. He stayed there but a very little while, drawing on his gloves with a thoughtful look. " That will do," he said. " I can onlighten Mr. Frost at once. He can te trusted to hold his tongue until the proper moment, and he has waited long and patiently enough to deserve a little hope." He walked down stairs, ordered a cab, and, being driven to Park Lane alighted at the entrance of a mansion there, and, tendering his card, asked for Mr. Frost. Mr. Frost wa3 not at home, but M. Vergueil extracted from the footman the intelligence that his master had gone to the fancy fair, that day opened at the Albert Hall. Thither M. Vergueil pursued him, and after a prolonged Wandering about the hall found the object of his search. The deteotive was not a man who permitted himself easily to be surprised, but for the moment he was knocked all abroad by an unexpected co incidence. Mr. Frost was engaged in animated converse with no less a person than Ronald Morton. After the first shock of surprise this I lent a certain piquancy to the giUtitwa toiwi xnind» The two men stood near a stall over which ] appeared the names of Lady M'Corquodale, Lady Mabel Ventnor, and Miss Grey, and one stately old lady and two pretty young ones were listening together with Mr. Frost whilst the eminent traveller talked. M. Vergueil ap proached the group with a subtle triumph stirring sweetly at his heart. He raised his hat with quite a grand air. " Pardon my intrusion," he said, in English a little more set and deliberate than natives use, and only faintly noticeable for its accent. " Permit me to recall myself to the memory of Mr. Frost, with whom I have one moment's urgent business." "No need to recall yourseH," said Frost. "Excuse me for a singlo instant," he added to tho ladies. "A single instant," echoed M. Vergueil. *• No more." His face gave no sign, but he had not often in his life felt so happy. He had taken the prosecutor from under the nose of the criminal, and had left the trapped rascal there secure. It was a beautiful sensation, an apt reward for seven years' patience, a fitting solace for seven years' disappointment. Mr. Humphrey Frost's millions made his progress aoross the hall a little difficult. He was waylaid with fascinating smiles, and wheedled by a score of insinuating tongues. He parted with a good many sovereigns \- and fivo pound notes en route, for he had gone there ready to be plucked, and accepted the process with a Bmiling urbanity. At last he was through the crowd, and drawing Vergueil into the conservatory turned round and faced him. " You have made a discovery?" he asked. "I have made a discovery," Vergueil answered. He took the bond from his pocket And laid it in Frost's hands. " Is that one of my Austrians?" Frost asked lifter looking at it. " That is one of your Austrians," answered Vergueil, like a polite echo. " How did it come into your hands?" " I stole it," whispered Vergueil. " I stole it from the thief this afternoon. He has a mass of them in his possession." " Have you arrested the man ?" Frost asked. " Not yet. At present that would be indis creet." He looked cautiously about him, and having made sure that they were out of earshot he added in a low tone, " I am here on Govern ment business. I have reason to think that I have my hand over the forgers of French bank notes. The man in whose possession I found the bonds is one of the gang, and the same people who are issuing the counterfeit notes seem one and all to be implicated in the rail way robbery in which your bonds were lost. In telling you this, Mr. Frost, I need not say that I rely absolutely upon your silence. Ido not speak of business of this kind to everybody, but I have already had such excellent proof of your discretion that I know beforehand that I risk nothing in telling you. I thought you had a right to know, and I give you the information as soon as possible in the assurance that you will keep it as secret as the grave." Humphrey Frost was a very considerable personage, but M. Vergueil took a tone of quiet authority with him which he in nowise resented. " You may rely upon my silence," he re sponded simply. " May I go baok to the ladies ? Would you like me to introduce you? You are aware that M. Vergueil is a distinguished figure. Everybody knows of him, everybody talks about him, but nobody has the good lortune to meet him." "Good fortune?" said Veigueil; "that depends. It is not everybody who thinks it good fortune to encounter me. But I beg you to excuse me from the honour of an intro duction. lam like the highwayman of old, I prefer to throw aside my incognito only in places suitable to my purpose." [will be continued kbit week.] 