BILLY MABER'S WIN. ' Kelly Throws Up the Sponge. A One-sided Battle. The members of the new Occidental Ath letic Club, San Francisco, assembled in such numbers on Monday night, August 31, at the monthly exhibition as to fill the im mense gymnasium, corner of New Mont- gomery and Howard streets. The introductory event was. to have been a 10-rouml contest between Paddy Gorman, of Australia, and Jim Morrissey, of Sacra mento, for a 200dol. purse, the men to fight at 1451b. Gorman informed the club officers at the last hour that he had hurt his right hand punching the bag, and could not fight. Dr. Stanton, who was called in and examined the injured member, thought the hurt not very serious, but Gor man would not go on. The club officials surmised that other reasons than regard for his slightly swollen hand really influenced him. , Billy Maber, of Australia, and Frank Kelly, of San Francisco, then appeared to box - to a finish. Kelly was seconded by Aleck Greggains and Mike Quilligan, and Maber by Parldy Gorman apd Martin Murphy. . George Harting was timekeeper for Maber, and Pete O'Brien for Kelly ; Billy Jordan, referee. The betting was 2U to 9 on the Australian. The San Francisco .Chronicle gives the following account of the battle:— , On the men shaking hands Maber looked almost a head taller than his well and com pactly-built opponent, though ho weighed only 1311b. to Kelly's 1401b. The extra ordinary thinness of the Sydney boxer, which has wou him tho sobriquet of the " Shadow" in the colonies, caused consider able merriment when he advanced to the scratch for tho first round. Kelly evidently figured that a bustling fight was the best with his tall and clever opponent, and soon rushed in to close quar ters, but Maber shot in a straight left that halted him for a few seconds. Tho San Francisco lad tried to get to close quarters again, and managed to swing his neck on the Australian's neck, but Maber was too clever, and the round bnded without any damage on either side. The second was a fine round and fairly even, notwithstanding Maber's immense reach, Kelly following him up pluckily and swinging both hands whenuver he saw a ghost of a chance. In breaking away after a clinch the Australian scored a heavy right on the jaw, which the crowd hissed. He repeated these tactics in the third round, in which Kelly again displayed excellent grit, facing the music manfully and keeping the lank colonial moving at a lively pace. The. fourth round was tho beginning of the serious trouble for tho San Francisco lad. Mabel seemed to have guaged his calibre, and, avoiding close work, proceeded to use his long left with' disastrous effect on his opponent, varying the straight shots at long range by demoralising punches with tho right on the jaw. Kelly began to lose his ability to counter with any effect, and after the fifth round, in which ho started to bleed at the nose and month, tho contest degenerated into a question of how long Kelly could take punishment without ro- turning it. His seconds were kept busy, sponging him off to make him presentable, and, at the end of tho eighth rouud, the majority of the spectators clamored for the one- sided affair to be stopped. Others, who saw that Maber was somewhat weak ou his pins and thought that Kelly might win by a chance hit, as he was still full of fight, insisted that the battle continue. Just as Referee Jordan got into the ring to stop the battle, Chief Crowley stepped into view from the crowd and raised his hand, and Jordan unnounced Maber the winner. Kelly and his friends objected, but very meekly in' tho presence of the representative of the law and both pugilists shook hands and went to thoir dressing rooms. Kelly's injuries were trivial, the blood from his nose, however, making him ap pear infinitely worse than he was. The purse was 850dol, 