TIIE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. NOAV FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of "The Son of His Father," "Sn Tom," " Oliver's Bbide," &c.;, &o.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter XIIL Lord Frogmore stayed for some days at Greenpark. He caught cold — quite a sligbtcold, not worth making any fuss about if he had not taken such tremondous care of his health, Letitia said, scornfully. She said to hor husband that she really could not protond to ooddlo and tako care of him for suali a nothing — it xvould look as it sho had a morconary motive — as if ahe meant to wheedle him out of something for the ohildron. John did not quito like this tono, for Frogmore wns his own brother after all, nnd Letitin was only a Parke by marriage. But ho said, "I don't know why you should trouble when Miss Hill is hero." So this xvas how it ended. Mary was made over permanently to Lord Frogmore to amuso him. Ho did not want nursing. Rogers, his man, who know exactly what to do in any emorgonoy, took oaro of tlmt. Rogers xvas so olevor that he was half a doctor, having studied all his master's ailments, and having in ovory possiblo oornbination of oircum- stanocs the right thing to administer. It filled Mrs. Parke with mi'nglod consternation and awe to see all tho precautions that wore 'taken. "AVhy, ho xvill never die," sho said to Mary. " His oxorciso and his food and every habit ho has are liko a doctor's book. Folicie tells mo such stories about his clothes ; he is dressed by tiio thermometer, it yon will believe mo — ami things put into his bath to strengthen him and brighten him up ; and all kinds of preparations of food. It is Rogers's whole work looking after him, day and night. AVhat a oooking up of tho poor body, Mary Hill ! It's against Scripture, and ovory law." " But there's nothing wrong in keeping ono's solf well." " Oh, xvoll 1 it is not that — it is trying to get tho bettor of Providence, not to speak of poor John and tho ohildron. AVhat lio means is nover to die." Mrs. Parko was really alarmed by this deter mination on tho part of tho man to whom her husband was heir. All those precautious (xvhioh if not positivoly sinful, woro so little consistent xvith tiie desiro to be at rest, which ought to be tlio prevailing sentiment of old peoplo) wero intended to koop John out of his inheritance — to prevent herself from becoming Lady Frogmore. If the old lord succeeded in his wioked plan of living on to an indefinito timo, John and she might bo old people before they came to thoir kingdom— nay, moro horrible still, John (who took very little care of himself) might die first and leave Letitia only Mrs. Parke for over, ovon though little Duko might oome to tho title. This was a contingency whioh Glied her with horror. Sho folt that she xvould willingly havo seized the old gentleman and shaken him — but then refleoted again with dismay upon his trim, steady figure, his alert xvalk, his rosy counte nance. He lookod, when she came to think of it, stronger than John ! Ho hod Rogers to watch ovor him night and day. He had Valentine's Meat Juioe and Brand's Essence (if these concentrated comforts xvoro invited) ad ministered to him whenever ho folt a sinking — he had somo sort of elixir of life put into his bath. AVhat ho intended was novor to dio. Mrs. John Parke bocamo pale witli tho horror of this thought, and she felt that sho could not endure the old egotist, tlio selfish, seif-abaorbed old man. " It is all I can do to lio civil to him at dinner and ask after his cold in the morning. Do, for good ness sake, amuso him a little, Mary Hill. You don't feel it as I do — you've no cares to distraot your mind, and it's far easier for you to put on a faoo and sympathise xvith peoplo about nothing than for me. I'm too sincere for that sort of thing," Letitin said. " But don't you think it might be bettor to pay him a little attention. Just to show that you aro interested. If it were only for half an hour, Letitin. " " Oil, what is the good of having you in tho houso with nothing to do if you can't manage a little tiling like that for mo, Mary Hill ?" Mary xvas silonced, and had no reply to make. She had herself no objeotion whatever to read tho papors and talk to Lord Frogmore. He was very kind. His nice old xvays, xvhioh wero very prcoiso and regular, almost, she said to herself, like a lady's xvnys, suited Mary, who was a littlo prim in hor middio aged decorum. Sho hail no objeotion to the entranoo of Rogers xvith his littlo cough mixture or digestive pill, or oup of soup. On tho xvhole, perhaps, she liked the littlo fus3 of invalidism, the ohres, xvhich a little ailment or any amusing little illness xvhich meant nothing, demanded. To draxv out the screen so as to shield the old gentlomnn from an imaginary draught, to change for him tho arrangement of his cushion and his footstool, to put book ond paper cutter ready upon the little table xvhon she herself xvas called away, was really pleasant to ber. And xvhen he declared that a slight oold was quite an agreeable thing in pleasant company, and that it xvas delightful to have a right to bo many little attentions, it gavo Mary a serono pleasure to find hSrsolf so usofuL Another part of hor duty was not perhaps so justifiable, but sho disohargod it xvith devotion. Sho accounted for tho absence of Letitia in an unvarying round of praiseworthy ways. She mado a fancy portrait of Mrs. Parko, xvhioh xvas beautiful to behold. Sho xvas bo devoted a xvife, talcing every trouble from John, leaving him freo for his shooting and all his amusements. She wns so excellent a housekeeper, making it possible by hor good management to entertain a groat deal, whioh was so good for her husband. She wns tho host of mothers, giving so muoh of her attention to her children. "I am coming to believe that my sister-in-law is not a woman at all, but a bundle of virtues," Baid Lord Frogmore. "Oil not that!" cried Mary, with a blush, "not that at all. Sho has her faults, of course — but her xvholo heart is in hor own family, to do everything for them " "At nllevonts sho has oho great quality — she has the art of making a devoted friend," said Lord Frogmore xvith a smilo which mado Mary blush again. " Oh," she cried, "I am of so little account. I can nover do nnything for her — exoopt the smallest things." " Suoh as taking caro of an old boro xvith a cold;" said the old gontleman. Mary felt that she had not beon warm enough in Letitia's praises, for lie never shook off that oynioal look, while cortainly Letitia might hax-e shoxved him a littlo more attention. Mary xvondored some times if it xvas true that she liersolf found it easy to make up a faco and sympathise with people, and if Letitia xvas, as sho said, too sin cere. Sho found herself sympathising xvith Lord Frogmore in a way xvhioh perhaps wns absurd ; for he was not ill ; he xvas roally enjoy ing his cold and nil tho attentions it procured liim. It was bad xvoather, aud thoro was no temptation to go out. It was not as if ho woro really ill, and it xvas an not of devotion to nurse him. AVasslio making up a face? Mary. said to herself " No," xvith a littlo indignation. Sho did not fool herself to bo iusinoere. Still, per haps, it was easier for her than for Lotitia to shoxv sympathy xvith other people's troubles, whether thoy wero small or great. Lord Frogmore got bettor, and went axvay having considerably outstayed tho original limits of his Visit. And to tell tho truth his going xvas a groat relief to the household, oxoept to Mary, xvlio missed him very inucli. Tho Parkes by this time had got rid of their visitors, and xvero themselves setting out upon a littlo round of visits to taste other people's dinners nnd shoot other people's covers. On suoh occasions, xviiich occurred periodically, Mary was left in Cliargo of tho house.' Sheliad to keep the servants in hand, which xvas not an easy task, for thoy ali knexv that she xvas a dependant without wages, and naturally hold her authority very light; aud sho hnd to xvatoh over tho children, to send for tho dootor xvhen he xvas wanted, to superintend tho nurses, to keep everything in the established routine. It xvas not a pleasant offioe, for nobody in tho house chose to bo subordinate to a poor lady xvho xvas not oven tho governess— xvho xvas only a friend nnd of no account personally, living on tho kindness of the mistress of the house. This did hot noaount, however, for tho excitement xvith whioh she rushed into Lbtltin's boudoir on the morning of their departure, looking alternately vory rod ond very xvhite, and scarcely able to apeak for an agitation whioh took away her breath. "Oh, Letitia, oan I speak to you ? " she oried, bursting into the room in a manner quite un like her usual soft movements. Lotitia was at , the moment superintending tlio shutting up of her box, in which nil hor bo3t dresses wero, and which was reluctant to close. " WoII, my dear, you can speak as much hs you like ; but as for expecting me to pay any attontion just at this moment, when I am in tho agonies of packing ! Kneel on tiio lid, Felieie, and I'll try and turn the key." "Letitia, please, just a moment. There's something which I want to tell you — to consult you about." "You are the oddest creature in tho world, Mary Hill. Consult me ! wlion the carriago is nearly at the door, and all my things to paek. C'cri fini at last, Folicio — Ferine: le bonnet box too, and give me my keys. Well, what is it, Mary ? Yon don't speak. " " I can't toll you before anybody," said Mary in a low voice. " I've got a letter " " Oh, you've got a letter ! I can't send Felieie away, because tliero are so many little things to do — but sho doesn't count. I say ail sorts of things boforo hor. Is it from one of the boys?" "No, Letitia. Oh, please, a moment— it's very important. "It's from Ralph, and he's asked you to mnrry him ? I nevor thought ho was such a fool. And I hope you're not going to be a fool to snap at him— with not a penny between you." Letitia added, growing red. "There's all the advice I am going to give. You'ro old enough to judge for yoursolf — but neither you nor he must look for any tiling from us. Neither money nor influonoe — we slmll do nothiug for you — nothing ' You may as well know that from the first. '' Mary had been whito nnd trembling with agitation ; now she turned red with ono of those sudden fits of exasperation which attack even the mildest. To have this said to her boforo tho wailiug maid, who concealed a srr.i'.c, and the look of intelligence which had flashed into her eyes under a demure gravity, was enough to have upset the temper of a saint. "It is not from Ralph," sho said very quietly. " Oh, it's not from Ralph. Well, that's a very good thing. Felieie attache: les straps — or leavo them for Robert to do, if you like — and bring mo my cloak. Well, so it is not from Ralph, Mary? Then who is it from? It's a proposal one can see from your face. Tako it, whoover it comes from, Mary. You havon't time, my dear, to pick and choose." "Will you let mo speak to you in your room, Letitia?" " There's no time," said Sirs. Parke. "Feli eie, mon chapcau, and my gloves. There's tho carriage. I've only ono piece of advice, Mary — take it if it's a decent offer. You can't expeoi to get many more at you age." "It is more than a dcoent offer. Oh, Lotitia, it is from an old gentleman, one much oldor, and far above mel-" "Did you expect a young ono ?" said Mrs. Parke. "I think you would be vory, very silly to stand upon that. I know who it is. It is old Dr. Hilton ; and just an oxcellent match— an ndmirablo match — tho vory thing I should liavo wished for you. Old ! I hope you aro not such a fool as to think of that ! Think of your fathor and mother, and the use you might be to them. And as for far abovo you, why you're a clergyman's daughter, you arc in the same rank in life. Mary, mind what I say to you. Don't be a fool. " " But it's not Dr. Hilton. Oh Lotitia, only a moment! I must speak to you." "Tliero is John calling," said Mrs. Parke, compo: edly. " Good-bye, Mary, I can't stop a moment longer. Take care of the boy, and mind you don't let Saunders and tho rest got the upper hand. Who can it be if it's not Dr. Hilton ? But whoever it is, mind what I say. What does age matter? If he can support you, and leave you something when he dies, tako him, tako him, Mary Hill — at your age what could you expect more." Mary followed her friend downstairs. It was of no u30 saying any more. Mrs. Parke had many directions to give as sho wont away. She had to say goodbye to the children who were in the hall to see the last of mamma. She had to silence John, who was calling to her, to question Letitia, who lagged behind. "Mind you take care of the boy," sho said, looking back, wnving her hand to Mary. "Mind you keep everything going ; and you can write and tell mo all about it. Nnrso, if thore is anything the matter call Miss Hill at onco and she will know what to do. Ta ta baby, goodbye Duke. Mind you'ro good till I come back ; and goodbyo Letty and Johnny, be good children all of you. Felicio, what on enrth keeps you always behind." Then the carriage rolled awny, followed by tho cab with Felieie and tho boxes, and stillness fell upon the abandoned house ; stillness at least so far as the sitting rooms wore concerned ; but a louder note than usual from tho nursorics, and a jovial hum in the sorvnnts' hall, wlioro everybody felt their holiday had begun. Mary went baok into tho house from tho door steps, on which sho had been standing dazed, contemplating tho carriago and Felioie's cab as they rolled away. She came in like a ghost, her face very pale, her limbs trombling with an agi tation which was only increased by tho fact that Letitia was now permanently out of hearing, and that there was nobody left from whom she could ask any advico. She wandered up and down the different rooms for some time, seating herself here and there for a moment, then springing up again to try another olmir and another position. At last sho went into tho library and Bat down upon a low chair beforo the fireplace. There was no fire in that room, which was not a room ordinarily much frequen ted by the ladies of the house, and tho first to fall into the neglect which characterises a house from which the masters are absont. Tiro fire had not been lighted, though it was November, and a dull, cold day. Mary sat down upon this little chair by the cold hearth, and she covered her face with her hands and leaned hor head ngainst the arm of tho great chair which stood close to her. Here for a moment sho could rest and think. She sat quito still for a long timo in tho absolute solitude of tho place, nnd covered her eyes from all external, distractions— but it would scnrcoly be just to soy that Mary was thinking, much less that she was wisely balanc ing tho good against the evil, and making up her mind what she should do. It would be more just to say that her mind went whirling round and round liko the scientific toy whioh represents processions of moving figures flying past, steeplechases, hunting fields, negro contortionists, Christy's minstrels. Every thing was going round nnd round with Mary. She herself seemed only to bo looking on, seeing tho whirl which was going through her brain. It settled down a little after a time and solidified into tho neat little figure, whioh for bo many days had occupied tho chair on which sho was leaning. Her thoughts all paused, stopped short in the whirl of them, and standing asido liko so many country attendants nllowed Lord Frogmore to reveal himself in tho silence.' Thcro ho stood, activo, small, alert— with his short, white, curl ing looks and ruddy color. There ho sat with his precise littlo ways, his cup of soup, his cough mixtures, Rogers, his man, taking such care of him. Mary's heart jumped up and began to throb in her cars and jump in her throat like the piston of a steam engine, Lord Frogmore ! And she had his letter in her pocket, a nice letter, a letter full of respect and honor, setting her in so high a place, doing her justice and far more than justico, Mary thought. No sign in all ho said of tho old maid at whom Letitia bad assured her, and she herself had found men laugh. Lord Frogmoro showed no consciousness that sho was an old maid, that sho was past her bloom, that she was poor nnd he was doing her a great honor— oh, not a sign of that 1 If sho had been a duke's daughter and a creature beau tiful as the day, the old gentleman could not have written with more tender respect. Mary was not without pride, humble woman though sho was, and she had received many a wound among Letitia's careless friends and visitors, wounds of which she was too proud to say any thing and too good to resent, but of which she had deeply felt the sting. But out of Lord Frogmore's letter there seemed to have come a balm which soothed and healed her very soul. Sho felt herself put in her right place, respected, honored, approved. If it did no more than this for hor, it had dono what words could not ex press. She sat hiding her face, and felt this balm steal over and lieal her wounds. And it was only after this, nftor a long in terval, after tho first whirl of agitation and the hush of gratified and soothed sensation, tho charm and sweetness of being at length appre ciated and understood— that Mary began to think — what answer was she to mako? — what was sho to do ? Chapter XIV. It is a great wonder in morals that the chances of matrimonial changes whiob may occur in- the' Jifo of an unmarried . woman, absolutely at any moment, should not oxerciso a moro demornlis- ' ing effect than they do upon tho feminine mind. It is always possible, not only for a girl, but oven for a woman who has reached tho iniddlo of life, to linvo her position and prospects changed in a moment as by tho waving of a magioian's hand— nnd that probably not by any virtuo or by any exertion of hor own, fortuitously, accidentally, by what seems more chance and good fortune. A poor girl, tho daughter of a fallen family, with very- little natural prospect of advancement iu any dirootion, will suddonly wako to find her self a duchess, placed on the very highest pinnacle of fortune ; a poor woman who lins passed half of her life in a struggle with poverty will bo lifted into sudden enjoyment of wealth and all that it brings. "Why ? By the merest chance. By pleasing someone, possibly un awares, without any intention — possibly, it is true, by the exorciso of nil hor gifts for tho purpose. And it by no means follows that theso extraordinary chances involved any revolting bargains, any salo or barter of an odious kind. Tho girl may love her duko and the woman her millionaire just ns much as if tho duko was a lioutcnant in a marching regiment or tho millionaire a banker's clerk. It is astonishing that women should bo so little demoralised by the possibility of snoh an accident. It mny bo said that it "happons rarely. Still it docs lmppon, and everybody . knows ono instanco at least. Suoh an accident had now happened to Mary Hill. Suoh a thing as mnrringo had long passed out of her thoughts. Sho had.gono through tho ordinary process in such matters, having had her youthful dreams, her maidonly fanoios, hor conviction that somo time, somo day, tho hero would come round the turn of tho road, nnd life would change into enchantment. For a certain period in life that is to a girl tho one certninty. Perhaps not to-day or to-morrow, yot possibly at any moment— a thing ns sure as tho rising of tho sun, yet veiled in delightful mysteries and unknowablonoss — a vague anticipation, tho poem of existence. After a time, if Princo Charming does not appear, the expecta tion begins to flag— a curious question, tho strangest discouraging doubt creeps into tho mind. Is she perhaps to bo tho ono left out, tho one to whom tho onchantor is not to como ? To trace tho process from tho first doubt, which is so startling, whioh gives a sudden check to life, to tho calm certainty that no such thing would ever happen to her, which had long filled tho gontlo bosom of Mary Hill, would tako too much time and space. It need only bo said that Mary had accepted tho position years ago. Her sister Agnes and sho had long given up any thoughts of tho kind. Their hearts fluttorcd no longer when they gazod along tho blank road by which no horo had over como. They had settled down as middle aged women. No doubt thoy had both known what it was to struggle and rebel in their hearts against tl|a strait bondages of life that confined them, tho situa tion of girls in t.hoir father's house whioh was so swoot at 20, so littlo adapted to tho m'nidon mind at 40. Thoy had gone through all that, but hod never Baid anything about it even to oaoh other. Most probably they would have thought it sinful, horribly unwomanly to rebol thus against their lot. All that thoy per mitted themselves to say was, with a sigh, that they had no education, and could not bo governesses or do anything. Sometimes it would come over them with a shiver that their fathor was old, growing older every day, and that tho timo must como when tlint dear old baro houso at tho vicarage would be theirs no more ; but so helpless wore they that it was tacitly understood between them that nothing should bo said of this. It would bo dreadful oven between thomselvos to put it into words that tho vicar must die, to seem to calculate on tho end of his existence. It lay between thorn, a dark point in tho future at which their human lifo seemed to stop, but that was all. As for any pieco of good fortune that might happen — abovo all any proposals of marriage, that was a thing as far over and passed away as tho frocks of their childhood. Thoy had both accepted the role of old maid without rebellion, if, at tho beginning, with a faint smile. And now horo had fallen at Mary's feet, not that thunderbolt out of a clear sky, of which people speak as the most startling imago of a sudden catastroplio, but a sudden blaze o m- possiblo light through the afternoon dulness. It was no catastrophe ; and yet it gave a shock almost as great. To bo suddenly made rich be yond the brightest dreams, though, indeed, Mary had never dreamt of being rich at all ; to bo intro duced into what seemed to tho vicar's daughter tho loftiest society in tho world ; to bo ablo to help everybody belonging to her ; to shod a glory upon tho vicarage ; to cause a thrill of prido to all the most distant of her kin ; to impress tho distant sisters-in-law whom Mary suspcoted ot not being vory respectful of the unmarried sisters, and of entertaining fears lest some timo those unprovided women should oxpect some thing from John nnd George, ail theso sugges tions played upon her, shining in hor eyos liko tho afternoon sunshine, blinding her with un expected light. He hoart jumped up to think of these things, then dropped down again with a sinking fall when her mind turned to tho other side, and she thought of Letitia. Oh, it was needless to try to persuade herself that when Letitia said, "Don't be a fool, Mary Hill," and bade her certainly to accept the old gontloman who had proposed to her, Mrs. Parke had any perception of tho real state of the case. Had Letitia guessed that it was Lord Frogmore ; had sho for an instant suspcoted that her humble friend was to bo elevated over her own head, no doubt she would have given a very different verdict. Story remembered all she had said. Her warning that nothing must bo expected from Frogmore, that all ho had must como to tho children, her resentment with his caro of his own health as keeping hor out of hor kingdom. Her hoart sank lower and lower as she thought of this. "What would Letitia say if she knew 1 Mary immediately realised that Lotitia would not only say, but do anything a desperate woman could to stop it. Sho would bo mad with fury and passion. She would publish her wrong, her version of tho story, her account of how Mary Hill had " made up » to the old lord. And yot in her heedlessness sho had bidden her dependent to accept tho old gentleman, of course, whoever he was, so long as he could provido for hor. Mary sat and thought over all theso things till her head ached and her brain grow dizzy. Sho was stiff with cold nnd agitation nnd excitement when sho got up at last and crept away to tho dying fire in tho morning room, which was tho only room where any comfort was. Sho know already that to be left in oharge of tho houso when the Parkes were away was no pleasant office. Tho firo in tho morning room was the only fire in that part of tho house inhabited by its masters. Ail the rest had fallen into gloom and emptiness. Mary meet the houso maids with their pails ns she went upstairs— a thing, it need scarcely bo said, never visible when Mrs. Parkes was at home. She saw Saunders as sho crossed tho hall lounging in his shirt sloeveB, nnd smelt tho footman's tobacco. Nobody cared to keep up the decorum of tho household for Miss Hill. Who was Miss Hill? Less, a great deni, than an upper servant, who was well paid and know his place. No body had tho least intention of putting him self or herself to any restraint or inconveni ence to please Miss Hill. Mary knew this very well, and knew that it would be necessary to ask aB littlo as possible in order to avoid impertin ence. Sho know that sho was riot wanted, that sho was considored a spy, left to report upon their doings nnd limit their freedom. Sho mended the firo with economy hoping to bo ablo to keep herself wnrm all day with tho con tents of the coal scuttle, not to have to appeal to Saundors for more. And if they only knew ! To thinl? that she had so much in hor power lying at her feet, waiting hor compliance. Sho laughed unconsciousl/ as sho thought of it, and how those impudent servants would abase them selves, and people of fnr moro importance bow before her and put on their boat smiles, and all for no virtue of her's, for no change in her, for nothing, but because she had it in her power to becomo Lady Frogmoro. The reader may think that in all this thore was but littlo question of the chief matter involved, of Lord Frogmoro himself, tho old gentleman who had it in his power to do so much for Mary. But this did not involve tho injury to him tlint might bo supposed, for, as a matter of fact, tho idoa of accepting Lord Frog more and living with him and taking caro of him was in no way disagreeable to Slary. Sho liked tho old lord. Ho had nevor been any thing hut kind, respectful, sympathetic to iior ; he had greatly comforted her amour propre, which wnB often touched , in ' Lo- titia's houso arid by Lotitia's friends. Ho had even raiiNd her own opinion of herself which had been sadly broken down by continual snubbing. In ovcry way his society, his friend ship, his kindness had been good for Mary. Lovo waB not a tiling to be thought of, it was out of date, it was scarcely modest oven to suggest it ; but that she could nnd did feel affectionately towards Lord Frogmoro, Mary had no doubt, nnd ho nked for no more. Tliero was no drawback on that s-dl). Sho could have married him had ho been a clergyman in tho next parish. Tho difficulties in fact rose chiefly from thoso tre mendous advantages which was impossiblo to over caloulnto, which seem on the face of them too good to bo true. And yot who could bo injured by it, Mary nsked herself. Sho would not have anyone despoiled for her. Tho child ren could not lose much, and what they lost would only bo till sho died. She was 40 nnd Duko was 5. Perhaps bIio might not livo long enough to see Duko como of age. Sho would not keep tho children long chit of their money, nnd it would bo very littlo. That was tho only harm that could happen to them if sho married Lord Frogmore. It is ncodless to any that Mary thought of nothing elso all day. Sho did not answer tho lottor, but put it carefully into her desk after having rend it over three or four times, and if sho hesitated ns to what reply she should mako, it was not bccuuso of any objootion she had to Lord Frogmore. In the nftornoon sho went to tho nursery, wlioro the nurse, a very fine person, who con sidered horself much nbovo supervision ovon from tho mother, rccoivcd hor with sennt cour- tosy. She stood over the children whilo Mary talked to them, and when littlo Lottio pullod off a bit of old glovo to show Mnry a littlo sore finger, nnrso mado a stop forward and pushed tho little girl away, "I must ask you, Miss Hi!!, r.ot to interfere with Miis Letty's finger. I am trenting it in tho propor way and I won't have any meddling." " But I have no dosiro to meddle, "said Mary, surpriso'd. " Oh, wo all know what it moaris whon a lady is left to spy about," said tho woman, turning little Letty, who began to cry, out of tho room. This was a very unpromising beginning, and nurse would not allow that tho children should go downstairs in tho evening to hear Mary play, and to sing their littlo songs about tho pinno. " Whon their mamma is hero sho can do as sho pleases — but I don't hold with such thiugs," said tho nurse. Mary was all tho move lonely in conscquenoo in tho twilight hour, which sho was used to employ in amusing the children, and whon she went downstairs later to seo whether it wns tho design of tho authorities downstairs to givo her any dinner, sho found Saunders iu tho dining- room with his elbows on tho table and a bottle of wino beforo liiin reading tho paper. He looked up at the sound of tho door opening, and by iustinct started up, but recollecting himself fell back in his chair and confronted her. "I consider," said Saunders, " as this room is not in tho ladies' part of tho 'ouso — but was you wanting anything, Miss '111 ? " "You surpriso mo vory much, Saunders, "said Mary, with a littlo quickening of the breath. " Mistor Saundors, if youpleaso — I don't think would be out o' place, miss. I am tho head man when mastor is away." ' I think you nre very much out of place wlioro you are, Saunders— nnd that Mr. Parko would not bo at all pleased " ' "If ho knew,"said Saimders. "I don't say as 'o would. I'm a consulting of my own con venience, not thinking of him ; and ho'll never know." " How can you tell that? It will bo my duty to tell him at once." "It's a duty as you'll never do. Wo know you well, all of us, in this 'ouso. And if you'ro sonsiblo you'll tako my advice. You'll be seen to, and kept comfortable, if you don't givo no trouble. Cook is a-sending you up' a bit of dinner. You'll be waited on as good, or better, ns you wore ever used to — but, Lord bless you, what's the good of pretending. You was never used to a man like mo waiting upon you — and why should yon now ? John, ho says the same thing. We're very hard worked whon they're at 'ome, and we're going to have an 'oliday. It won't mako no difference what yon say. " "I don't care at all," cried Mnry, "whethor you wait upon mo or not— but you will bo so good as to retire from here." " And what if I don't, miss ?" If this was a romantio tale I should recount how the man was subdued, how he hesitated and finally withdrew in obedience to tho influence of hor presence and tho dignity of her look. But I am obliged to say that no suoh result followed. Saunders, who had been drinking and was just at the point when audacity is paramount, sat leaning with both his elbows on the tablo, staring across it at tho poor lady for whom ho would have had no respect whatever had sho lookod liko a queen, and it was Mary who was frightened. She repeated, " I must ask you to retire from this room," but with a faltering voice, for sho knew that she had no authority to enforce hor request and so did he. " Sorry to disoblige you, miss, if you think it ain't becoming. But I'm very comfortable, thank ye, horo." Sho stood a moment irresolute, not knowing what to do, and then it was sho who retired. Sho said, "I will write to Sir. Parke," but Saunders replied only with an insolont laugh. And Mary hurried upstairs again with some thing liko terror. Sho found tho footman with out his coat on the stairs, carrying down tho hunting clothes which John Parko had worn on tho previous day, and accompanied by ono of tho house maids, who ilka by way of helping him with jooular snatchings and droppings of the burden.. They scarcely paused in thoir flirta tion whon Mary appeared. Sho said, in her mildest tonoB, "You forget, John, that your mistress likes you to use the backstairs." " My missis ain't hero," said the man; "It's all one tho front stairs and the back stairs whon they're away." " I do not think Mrs. Parko would bo pleased to hoar you say so," said Mary. " "Well, sho don't hear me say so," replied tho man, with an insolent air. "Oh, John!" said the house maid, "don't answer Miss '111 like that. Don't you know as she's set over us to see as we does our duties, and tell everything as goes wrong?" " I don't hold with no spies, I don't," said John, "wljether they's indies or whethor thoy's Irish fellows. I don't say things behind folk's books as I wouldn't say to their faces ; and I soys, Miss '111 " " Bo so good ns not to speak at all," said Mary, quickly hurrying past. They burst into a great noiso of Inughtcr when she was gone— a shrill celebration of triumph. She got back to the morning room with a sensation of dismay, for which sho had no words. Sho was all alone, with the household in mutiny behind her. Sho was startled, however, to seo that somoono was before her arranging neatly enough, and with quiet care tho tray with Mary's dinnor, which, according to Saunders' instruction, had been sent up thore. Tho maid was an under house maid — a quiet and good girl, whom they had been kind to. But even she had her part in tho revolt. When she had arranged everything, bIio enmo up to Mary, who had thrown herself into a chnir by tho firo. "I think everything's hero, miss," she said. "Perhaps you will just look and seo if there's anything moro you will want." " It will do vory well, I am sure, Jane." " I want to know, if you please," said Jane, " whethor you'll want anything moro to-night ; for we're going to have a party in tho servauts hall ; and I'd rather got it now than be called after, if you pleaso." "You are goingto have a party in tho servants' hall?" " Yes, Miss. Mr. Saunders and John is going to do some acting, and there's going to be a dance. If you'll excuse me, I shouldn't like to be called away." "I shall not want you any more," said Mary." ' She tried to smile at tho festivity whioh had turned all their heads. But when, a littlo later, the sounds of tho downstairs merriment came pealing up the great staircase, Mary felt liko a prisoner abandoned among enemies. Sho had never felt so much nlono as in the dreary silence of the houso, with tho distant revels going on. A genteel dopendent scoffed at by all the conspirators downstairs — and all the while Lord Frogmore's lettor in her desk. (To be continued.) 