GRAND UNITED CONCERT. A grand combined concert in aid of tho funds of the Britannia and Bay 'View Cricket Clubs was held last Thursday evening in the Drill. room, Brighton, W. Groom Esq., in the chair. The attendanco'was very good, and the various items on a very good programme were gone through in a very meritorous style by.-the ladies and gentlemen whose services had been called into recognition. Judging from the reception given them itas they one after another made their bow to the audienco, we should say that they gave every satisfaction to the audience, The items on the first part of the prograinuo were as follows:-Over ture, "Grand March," Miss Knight; Recitation, " Our Folks," MIr J. Ross; Song (comic) ' Poor married maln." LMr F. Burrows; Duet, ,"Operatic selections," Oboe, Mr T. Hunter; Flute, Mr H. H-[unter;' Iecita. tion. (comic) Mr J. lBlaschcck; tionl, "The Life Boat," 1Mr C. Knight, Song (coniic)" The Shioreditch H-n. dicap," 31r W. JMoran: I'ianaforte Selection, Miss Moran ; Lecture, " Ghosts," l"lr J. Grunldy; and winding up with the melo drama in onic act, entitled "The Mad Apothecary and his frantic patients," in which Messrs Blascheck, iRoss and Waghorne took part, During the interval Mhr V. Groom the chairman introduced Seageant Ryan who distributed the prizes won during the past season 18(t0-91, a list of which is appended further down. Then followed the second part of the programme which was equally well rendered with that of the first. The items wero--PianoforteSelcotion " tomo sweet home," (with varia tions) Mr F. A. King; Song, " Tell her, I love her so," Mr F. E. Ruddlo; Song, " isteniing," Miss Gordon; Song and Dance, Messrs Main Bros; Song, "Two Mariners Bold, Mr J. \\\aghorne ; and Recitation, "The Stowaway," Mr J. [Smith. As a wind up the 'Messrs Mloran, Ruddle and Burrows took the house by storm in that side splitting farce, entitled "As you like it." This sent the audience away in right good humour with themselves and the actors, sing ists,' instrumentalists, dancers and rid 'recitors, all feeling that a pleas ant time had been spent. We must compliment 1Ir G(rooim and the miembers of the above clubs on the strict order maintained during the evening. Mr Groom' asked the boys-not to whistle nor stamp during the performance, but to give vent to their feelings merely by hand-clapp ing, and to this request a strict com pliance was readily given. A high compliment was paid to the Secretary Mr Knight, who is to receive a hand some gift for, thi very valuable ser vices rendered by himi The prize-takors were:-Bay View Highest score, T. Dingle ; 1st Bowl. ing, J. Stitt, 2nd do., G. Cumming; Batting, H. Orford. Britannia, best all round man, W. Biutlor ; Fielding, Messrs lHuggins and Juackloy ; BIatt ing, J. Male; und Bowling T. Jonn ings. 