Heard in His Own De fence. "Have I your honor's permission to maka a statement ?" 11 Your honor!" orled Lawyor Lang, springing to his feet-" youv honor, before you pass on this request, I should like to make a atatemont myself," . "What ia it, Mr. Lang?" naked the judge. Xt's just this," said Mr, Lang, with some thing moro than hie usual acerbity; " you remember, of course, that when this man, Cephas Love, was first brought to trial he was without oounsel; that ho refused to secure any, and that you therefore peremptorily appointed me as suoh, The appointment was useless, for the defendant haa absolutely and unconditionally refused to say a word to mo concerning his case. I wish it to be dis tinctly undoreiood, howover, that thia silenoe of thodefendant's has been maintained in the face of my most diligent efforts to break down his reserve, for while I first accepted your honor's injunction perfunotorily.I ended by becoming deeply interested in what ia certainly a unique oase-bo far as my prae tioogoes. _ What I wish to state with paitiou. lar Btrpss is, that I am absolutely and en« tirely ignorant of the nature of the state ment which Mr, Love has asked permission to pake. In fact, sir, all 1 cau ofiijially claim to know of this man io, that en the fourteenth of this month of August, 181)0, ho was found in the very act of throttling another man to death, at No, 86;) Pino Street, in this City and County of Bah Franeisoo j that he was nrreatcd in flagrante dc/iclu by Oflloer Thomson ; and tniu no has been con fined in the city prison ever since, lie in no more a client of mine than is your honor, and it would bo a gross misuse of terms to style him a ' defendant,' " Aa Mr, Lang eat down, tho mau referred to ag OephaB Love shook hands with him oovdially, and repeated hia request for a hearing, " It ia a rathor unusual proceeding-at this stage of the trial," said the judge, "for a person in your position to moko a statement, but the whole proceedings in this oase have been unusual. Moreover, I havo not tho right to deny you. DJ you wish your state, ment to appear as evidence ?" 'Yes, sir," " Take your place in the witness-stand, then, and be sworn," lie repeated tho clerk's mumble-jumblo of words with Blow emphasis, and laid an in tonation upon the oonolud.'ng words, " Sa help me God,' that gave fchera a reverential effect not often heard in that court-room, The sketch which tho artist of a morning paper was at thia moment making, showed a tiny, neat man, sitting primly with crossed legs and smoothing out the folds of a red «ilk handkerchief spread over his knees, His hands, face, end eoalp were of a false ruddi ness that was oauaed by a network of small veins in the skin, and that was made all tho more vivid by the oontrast of a fringe of flaxen-white liair and two patches of olosa trimmed whiskers that lay on each obecK liko small powder-puffd, His eyes wero light-blue and moist; his lips thin and straight; and the rest of his features ordinary and inex pressive, He was dressed in a suit of dark grey clothes, and looked something between an upper servant and Email lawyer, There had been oven moro than the usual in terest felt in the case, the oourt-room was crowded, and when tho prisoner began there was a strained attention to hear what he had to say, made all the moro necessary bcoauee of the rather low and rather quick voice in which ho Bpoke, j '. My name is correctly given on the doeu- ! raents in the oase, I believe," he began ; " besides whioh, it haa boon on the city directory for the past thirty-two years. It js Cephas Oiavering Love, although tho J middle name is very seldom used. I am sixty-three yeara nf age, and was born at Memphis, Tenn., on the thirteenth of April, 1827, I came to San Franoisoo Ihirty-threo years come next Christmas Eve, and for twenty-one years thereafter I was a clerk for the law-firm of Iuttridgo and Shaw, as I believe your honor well knows. For the past twelve years I haveboen engaged in the ( law-etationery department of Messrs. Booker j and Coe, These gentlemen, together with j many others, I understand I have a right to , summon as witnesses to testify as to my . good oharaoter, but I shall put none of them to this inconvenience-" "Proceed, Mr, Love," said tho j idgo, for witness had stopped and was nervously i rubbing tho palms of bis smali, withered I hands with his handktroliief, j " Thank you, your honor," aaid tho old man, "I'm not used to making long epeeoheg All I need eay in any preliminary way about myself ip, that I am a widower, with ono married daughter living at Norfolk, Virginia ; that I am a member of Dx, Wall's ohuroh j that I live temperately, drinking but little and smoking less ; and that I am a q net, law-respecting, God-fearing old man, Yot I flit hero to-day in this court a murderer." " Your honor," exclaimed Mr. L^ng, onoe moro springing to hia feet, " I must insist that the witness be instruotod, Your ho nor knows that a plea of not guilty wbb' entered in tho court of examination, and a similar plea has been entered in this court of araignment, This man is on trial; he haa not been convicted, and I call "pop your honor to instruot the witness that he must not use suoh terms of aelf-aoousation, as well as to inform the jury that they pay no attention to tho wild words of tho witness." "The witness is thoroughly oonversant with legal practices, I believe, Mr. L»ng," aaid the judge, and fully appreciates the gravity of his position and the necessity lor jarofully weighing what he has to say. Nevertheless if-" ' Iheuso me, your lnnor," said the old uian Love, gently stretching out a somewhat ibaky hand toward the judge ; ''you need not caution me, your honor, lam, aa you day, thoroughly aware ot tho gravity of my >vords-and position. What I s*y ia simply the truth, and tho truth can injure no one. t am a murderer, and I purpose telling the story of my crime without attempting any palliation," There was a stir in tho oourt-room, and \ voilcd womau-tho mother of the victim, it wan said-leaned forward in her chair and sobbed. .« lrour honor," oried Mr, Lang, again on those ready feet of hie j " thero ia an attempt nt sensationalism here," with a vibrating forefinger pointed in the direction of tho sobbing woman, and he asked that it be stopped," y Well, now," said tho proseouting attorney with hot sarcasm ; " we must say wo like that. During the whole ol theso proceedings wo haven't aaid a blessed word. Wo'vo al lowed you to put your man on the witness stand with all tho Btage-iifdct you wanted and without a boo ; and now, bccauso this poor, bereaved woman-thia hoart-strioken (nother-gives way to hor natural grief when tho horrible crime which robbod her of her darling ia brought to her mind, you you, Bir, who should be tha last man to mako a sound, go to babbling about sensa tionalism. Why, sir-?" " That will do, gentlemen," aaid the iudre quioily but firmly, for Mr. Lang was actually bounding about in his anxiety to make hia retort. " Go on, sir," ho added, turning to the defendant, who during the disouseion had busied himself folding his red handkerchief into a neat., pquare package. "Since working for Messrs, linker and Coe," Cephas Love continued, " I havo been in tho habit of walking to tho storo along l'ino Street each morning from my boarding houso, at the corner of Larkin and Jameii Streets. On tho sixtocnth of June last, or it might have been tho seventeenth, I noticed that No. 8CH, after having been vacant Jor many monthp, was about to bo tenanted. The next morning, and it was a Friday, I ro member, my attention was agpin attracted to No. 8(13, and this timo by a very pecu'nu incident. The two windows on tho ground floor, where the parlor was evidently situated wore draped with hoi.yy ourtnins of sorao mfiroon-colored stuff, after a fashion whiah nsed to be in voguo for dining-roomo when 1 waa a boy. Aa I waa passing tho house, the eurtain nearer me waa drawn aeide and a > face peered out-such a laoe as frightens & child in what are called its vity ' bad droama,'" "Deaoribe it, Mr.Lovo," said tho attorney Lang, .' I oan not," said thowitneae, putting out both bauds in a gcaturo ot repulsion that was strangely energetio in a man seemingly ao plaoid and undemonatxativoj "it waa more of a mask than a faoo. Not one of tho those grotesque maeka, yon understand, but one of utter vacuity-a blank, an emptiness, a Boulleaa nothing. Tho oyea were bipT wide open, with tho white showing all around the pupil botween the fixed lida. The^oheeka pale and flabby, tho noaa a line, and the mouth half open, with tho lower lip dropping." Hare a strange thing happened, for while the prisoner deeoribed the lace, hia own took on that o! the creature ho waa delin eating, until in tho place of the little old gentleman of nemiolerical aspect there ap peared tho doddling bead of a mowing idiot, Tho red handkerchief had been anatched up from where it. lay smoothly folded over on hia knee, and waa now grasped in both hands like a ball. " I could only aeo hia faoe," said Love, dropping back, BO to apeak, to himself, " be aauso ha brought tha curtains oloao up about hia neck, like a Raiment-like a dressing* gown. After I had moved on a few paces, I turned around, for ao strange waa the im* preaaion produoed on mo that I oan liken it to little less than fasciriation.The faoo had not moved, but tho gret t utariug eyea were ntfsl fixed on mo aa the evea of a portrait done in oil- painting alwaya seem to bo, no matter whore tho observer may move. Moro than oiiua during tho day I found myself thinkinR of this vacant, fatuous faoe, and then toward tho afternoon 1 managed to diamiaa it with tho resolution that io undoubtedly belonged to some poor, unfortunate being, whoao friends preferred to take private charge of him rather than Bend him to an aaylum,and that hia presence at tho window waa due to the temporary abaence of thoBe whoao duty it waa to IJOIC after him, But with all thia oommon-aeneo view of tlio matter, I found myself atupidly excited and nervous aa I drew near tho houee next morning. Well, air-1 mean, your honor-tho fellow must have been watching for me, for aa I oamo opposite the windowa again, a thin, whito hand parted tho curtains aud the vacant faoo waB turned once moro upon me, This time, 1 thought that the eyes, though fixed and wide open, had tho light cf a nasty emile in them and that tho drooping lowar lip was shot out in a grimace of oontempfc, I had a atout walk ingoano in my hand," said tho witness, jumping up, "and I threatened tho fellow with it in thia way," Here he shook out tho red-silk handherchiof and waved it rapidly toward the jury-box aa though it were a danger signal. One of tho jurymen drew back, with a nervous Btart, and the judgo looked ourioualy at the defendant-wit* UEBS. " Control yourself, Mr. Love," said he, " and toll your story aa calmly as possible." " I will,your honor,"hereplied,with meek* neas and an instant ohango of demeanor, although it was noticod that great beads of perspiration had broken out on hia forehead, and th&t;, now and then, these merged them aelvea one in tho other and then ran trickling down hia faoo like an overoharged rain-drop on a widow-pane. "For two or threo days I changed my way to tho oflioo," ho continued, " and took another street, ao at to eacapa tho eight of th s oppressive faoe. It waa a uaoleaa pre caution, however, for what had been a day? horror uow became a night-mare. For tho iiftit time in my life, X booarqo the viotim of insomnia. Tho horrible blank features covered the walla like a patterned paper ; thoy wereaa visible in tho aarknosa aa in the light; they kept my eyes open and atared into them ; and they covered uie like wavea roll ing over my bed. The void, raeaningloBq faoo was with me in a hundred fantaatio and diatrezaing shapes', and I felt that I oould have strangled the beast of a possessor had ho come within my grasp.1' I The little man's voice rose into a screech, I the dull blue eyes flashed like a moving mirror, and his cheat heaved, while ho twisted the red-silk handkerchief into a aoarlet rope. " On the moraing of the third aleeplesa night," he wjnt no, ainking hia voice into a a hoarse w'jiaper, while the crowd in tho court-room leaned forward aa one man to hear what waa being aaid-" on the third morning, I got up and determined to put ftn end to it all, 1 took out a razor, threw back my oollar, in thia way, and waa going to out my throat, when the idea entered my head that I would 11 rat go and equeeza the Ufa out of my tormenting devil, and then oomo bapk and make away with myself. Dressing hurriedly,! ran down aiaire andinto the Btreet. I was in front of No. 8M, like a flash o? double-greased lightning. Quick aa I waa tha montroua villain waa juat aa quiok. Baok wont thu ourtaina, aa though j rked by red Zimiel himself, and out shot tho fapo--a scarecrow that would frighten tho very blue? birds of heaven, No doubt about*tt, tha ghost-like thing waa mocking mo now mocking my misery, mocking poor old mo, who had barn curaed by it for forty million yeara, i don't know what I aaid, pall them black, bad worda, All the blood rushed to my head, until my eara rang like the eevon ! bella of Kingdom come, With a one, two, three, I waa in the house ; and with a four, five, six, I was squeezing hia wind-pipe-like this." "Look out, judfio J" yelled Mr, Lung, Whilo a pry of horror IOEO from tho peoplo. Tho judgo had beeu gently swinging him aela around in a quartor-circlo on hia ohair, looking keenly now at tho curious witness, and now inquiringly at the prosecuting at torney, Aa he awung round tho last timo, the prisoner leaped out from hia plaoe, aa though moved by a steel spring, and flung himself upon tho judge like a oat. The Bhook throw tho judge out of the ohair, and both wtnt down together, There were anarla and aerenma from behind tho desk, and when tho bailiff reaohed him had wound the handkerchief around tho judge's neok and waB tugging at it like n demon, A dozen other rescuers were on hand tho next minuto, but it took nearly tho wholo of their mia directed strength to tear away the shrieking, frothing maniao and carry him down stairs to tho safer accommodation of tho " tanka," " TUB lato Archbishop Tait waa onoo stay" ing at a small village io Perthshire. He gavo instructions for hia lettcra to bo sent to tho local post cfl'ice to booalled for. On tho first day of hia arrival tho Archbishop wont down to tho general shop which also did duty for for tho poBt-oflioe, and asked; " Are there any letters for the Archbishop of Canterbury ?" To this tho storekeeper, without aotually replying to the question, said : "Miybe you'll bo that purrsen yoree!'?" " Wall," aaid the Archbishop," aa a matter of faot, I am." " Weel," continued tho good man," jf have n son, and ha id in a ehi>p in London, and he told mo that he ainoe gaed to St, Paul's Cathedral to hear ye preach, and 'be was verra weel satisfied wi' ye," Tub oorrolation that .or a long time waa supposed to exist between the number of " annular "rings formed in tho trunk and the ago of the tree haa been refuted on tho befit of evidence. M, Gharenoy, tho French explorer who viaited tha ruiua of Palerquo, Mexico, in 185!>, and again in 1882, and therefore at an interval of 22 yeara, found that the treoa that had been out by him in tho first-named year had, in thoahort apace of lesa tlaa an quarter of a century grown now trunka whioh exhibited no leea than 230 of thoBe ao-oalled " annular rings "-an average of nearly 10 a yoar, From observations made by M llomsenard, it would appear that planta often form no leas than twelve oon* oantric growths in tho epneo of a year, two of whioh are uaually muah moro developed than the remainder, whioh appear to corres pond to a peripd of maximum oirculatory aotivity. Diffident Youth: "Why, you eurely must know that I have a moustache. Can't you see it?" Shy Maiden: " You must remember that I ani very nett* Bighted," 