CHAPTER IL IN THE REPTILE HOUSE. Hardly knowing what he did, Manvers placed the dead girl on the seat, and hastened to inform some of the men who were still loitering about of the terrible ocourrence. In a few moments a little group was formed round the figure which huddled up in the corner of the seat presented a helpless spectacle, which was inexpressibly piteous to gaze upon. The pallor of death was distinctly visible, even upon thedark skin, and the. eyes which were wide Xn, had in them an. expression of surprised in rather than any look of agony caused by a sudden snapping of the silver cord. "Why, it is the black lady who lives up Palmyra-square with that old chap with the long beam/' remarked' one of the men. "Where can he be, I wonder. I have never seen them apart before." By this time the helmets of a couple. ■ of policemen Who had been apprised of the terrible occurrence appeared beyond the outer circle of the spectators,' and ' pushing through' it' the functionaries of the law took possession of the motionless figure on the seat. " Do you know her, sir?" asked one of the constables, addressing Manvers, who was standing gazing with a horror-stricken counte nance upon the sad sight before him. "I can hardly claim acquaintenauce with the poor girl, returned the major. I have seen her several times in India ; she is the daughter of the late Bajah of Oranipore." "She lives in one of the large houses in Palmyra-square," remarked one of the by standers, with her guardian, Dr. Laugton Hessclton." In a comparatively brief time an ambulance was jirecured, and the dead body of the un fortunate girl removed to her guardian's residence in Palmyra-square. J. lie next morning nil the local papers had sensational paragraphs, relating to the strange and fatal occurrence on the West Pier, and in due time these were copied into the great London dailies. A Coroner's Jury was sum moned, and several medical men who had made a post-mortem examination of the deceased deposed that there was every symp tom of snake-poisoning, but as venomous ; reptiles were not usually found upon ' the West Pier, the Jury returned an open verdict, and the affair soon passed away from ■ the minds of the Brightonians. Dr. Langton • Hesselton appeared to be overwhelmed with ' grief, and alter the funcial gave up the great house in Palmyra-square, of .which he wab ' only1 a monthly tenant, and wended his way to the great metropolis, where he was lost among the teeming myriads of " Modern Babylon." • Major Manvers, however, could-not shake off the unpleasant impression which the affair had caused him, and when he closed his eyes be could see .the dark, deserted pier. Then, out of the darkness the dead figure of Heera would seem to start forth from the semi-reoum bent position in the seat and raise her hands wildly above her head as though imploring assistance from some unseen danger. Do'what be could the vision still haunted him; in the midst of pleasant companionship and joyous voices, the Bad face and appealing eyes of the Banee of Oranipore were ever before him, and a mysterious band seemed to be making signs to him whichhecouldnot entirely comprehend. He had heard many ill reports whilst quartered at Oranipore of the doctor and his doings, and the remarks he had caught as to the unfortu nate girl and her guardian walked down the pier, filled him with a vague mistrust which he could not account for. At length he could bear it no longer, and bidding farewell to Sir John Copston and bis other friends, he packed his portmanteau and was whirled awayby the train to London. He had a long talk with his solicitor on the subject, but "the man of law, though listening patiently to his story, advised hunnot to meddle in the affair, as there was not the shadow of a case against Dr. Langton Hesselton. " But he had a direct interest in her death," agreed the major. "I have been to Somerset House, and have found that the fellow has taken out probate of the will, and that thedocument in addition to giving fcodiira; allthe dead girl's personal' property, 'whiab is very large, contains a clause by. which she has exercised her right of adoption, and uniess the Govern ment take tipou themselves to interfere, and they are very chary of doing so, Langton ] Hesselton is at present the Rajah or Orani pore." . "And will remain so for all that yon can do to prevent it," answered the solicitor.^ " If every person who had a direct interest in the death of another were to be tried at his demise one half the world would be con tinually engngcd in hanging the other. Take my advice and let His Highness take possession of the throne of Oranipore in peace." " He will never venture to do so," returned Mhnvers, "the late Rajah's subjects hated him, and fatal accidents are very prevalent in native states where people are unpopular. He will remain hero and lead a life of ease and luxury, for the poor girl's fortune must have been considerably over a crore of rupees." "Well, take my advice and drop the matter," said the solicitor. " You will do no good, and if you interfere will only gain a name for Quixotism." Much disheartened by the futile result of his interview Manvers took his leave, hardly ! knowing whether to adopt his legal adviser s j council or not. A private detective whom he consulted was more saguine, but after bleeding the major to the tune of a couple of hundred pounds, threw up the enquiry, assuring Manvers that as he had failed there was not a man in England who could carry out the job And yet in spite of this 'sage' council the j major's mind was not at peace, still the same yisien hauuted his rest,. still in his dreams he j he saw the dark pier and beard the sullen •plash of the water, and still the same whisper he could not understand. There were times when he almost made up his mind to cancel the remainder of his leave and return to India, in the hopes that the active life with his regiment might clear away the haunting fancies from his brain, and yet when it came to the point be could not make up his mind to leave the land where the girl, who he believed. had been foully murdered, slumbered in her gravo. One day when he was almost wearied out with his self-tormentings it suddenly flashed across his mind that a friend of his had written to him to say that he had sent a tiger, which had grown too large for a pet, to the Zoological Gardens, and begged him to go and see Motee, for so the animal was called, for old acquaintance sake. "A good thought, I null go and see how the poor beast is getting on," thought the major, who was walking listlessly out of his club in St. James's-square, where , the thought occurred to him, and hailing a hansom he was driven off rapidly in the direction of Regent's Park. As soon as the major entered the gardens he made his way to the dens where the larger tniwm are kept, and slipping a couple of shillings into the keeper's hand, begged him to show him the cage m which the tiger Motee was confined, the animal which had been presented to the Society by Mr.. Cornfield, the Commissioner of Jatpore. "Close by, sir," answered the man, adroitly slipping the money into his pocket and leading the way to the den, he extended his hand' towards a full-grown tiger reclining listlessly upon the sanded boards of her cage. . " Hi, Motee, Motee," cried the man, " hero is a gentleman to have a look at y;ou." The creature blinked lazily at him, but took no further notice of his address. •' Imprisonment dooB not seem to agree with her constitution," remarked Manvers. "When I I last saw her in India she was as- frolicsome'! as a kitten." " And she is now, sir," answered the keeper, " when night comes she tears about the cage j like. ai mad thing, and, for the matter of that, so do all the striped and spotted j creatures." " That must be a very interesting sight," observed Manvers, interested in spite of him self by the man's narration. "What a pity' that the public are not admitted to the gardens' after-dark." ■ . , ' " But, some of them are, sir," replied the' man; " and as I sees that you are a gentleman, 1 think I could manage it for you. There is an old chap with a white beard and a face like a' corpse that often comes in and talks to the' reptiles for hours in their native language. He brought over a deadly, venomous cobra j from the Injees, and he comes to see how it; gets on; it's as good as a play to hear what he : says, and see what he does too; for the matter of tliat." An old man with a white beard? exclaimed' Manvers: "an old man who talks in Hindu- | stani to the snakes!" "I don't know what name he calls his lingo by," replied the keeper," but his own par ticular reptile seems to understand him thoroughly." j " When does he come ?" asked the major, j "Let me see," answered the man, scratching ! his head, thoughtfully, to-day is Thursday; he'll be here to- morrow—he always comes on a Fridry —at least most always." " Can you get me into the gardens on that night?,' enquired the major; "if you can manage it I will give you a sovereign. " It's worth all the money, sir," replied the keeper; "but I'm on—you be at the Primrose 1 Hill gate at 9 o'clock on Friday night, and | I'll see you are passed. Ax your pardon, sir," I he continued, "but might I ask you not to { come togged-up like a swell ; it would make • matters a bit easier." ' The arrangement was soon completed, and i Manvers left the gardens a prey to the wildest < feeling' of' excitement. A , deep-rooted con- ] viction founded upon no logical base, made him ; feel certain that -the white-headed visitor to i the Zoological . Gardens was ' Sr. Langtcn 1 Hesselton, and he at the same time felt perfectly~ certain that strange revelations were nigh at: hand. The intervening hours were spent in a ' state of feverish excitement, and the appointed ' time found him at the gate which bad been ' selected by the -keeper as the place of rendez-j vous. According to the wish which the man ■ had expressed he donned a black felt hat and a serge coat, though as the keeper muttered, "he wasn't half Bhabby enough by a long chalk." The gate was Boon opened, and as the 1 pair passed through the tunnel which led from j one portion of the gar-dens to the other, i Manvers eagerly enquired, if the nocturnal j visitor had yet made his appearance. j "He' came about five minutes before you J arrived, and went straight to the reptile house," answered the man. ' "Let us go to then at once," returned the major. "Won't you see Moteo first, sir," asked the keeper. " She is real frolicsome to-night." " Later, later," replied Manvers impatiently, and without another word the man led the way in the required direction. The night was intensely hot and sultry, and as they passed some of the dens the various inmates could be seen moving restlessly backwards and forwards as though influenced by the atmospheric conditions of the night. All at once there was a blinding flash of lightning, followed by a crash of thunder, and then the rain began to fall in warm, heavy drops. They (had by this time, however, reached the door of the reptile house, and as Manvers crossed the threshold he came to a sudden halt, absolutely petrified at-the spectacle which met liia eyei. Thegaswas alight, and 'tlie bright glow penetrated into every nook and corner of the spacious .room. The electricity of the atmosphere -appeared to have had a strange and terrible effect upon the denizens of the various cages and glasshouses. The huge ', pythons "were darting about from branch to branch of the leafless tree trunks, which had been planted for their convenience. Their eyes flashed wiih'a mid gleam that was absolutely terrifying, while their jaws wore widely extended as though in search of prey. The venomous snakes, too, were moving rest lessly about; the death adder and the water ] vipers were pressing their hideous heads against the. thick plate-glass sheets with which their compartments were faced. The sharp skirr of the rattlesnake was distinctly audible. Repulsive-looking lizards scraped the gravel with their, claws, and every now and then opened a malevolent-looking moutb, plenti- 1 fully furnished with sharp file- like teeth. Even the aligators were not free from the prevailing influence, and darted about with j quick and sudden jerks, which converted the I water of _ the little tank in which they were j confined into a sheet of foam. For a brief space Mall vers was so fascinated j by this strange spectacle of the reptile world ! that he hardly noticed a little group gathered ] round a table in one corner of the loom, and which consisted of the keepers and a tall, white-bearded figure, in which the major at ] once recognised Dr. Langton Hesselton. All at once the men made a brisk movement, which had the effect of immediately taking j them some feet from the table. "Take care, eirl" cried one of them, "for heaven's sake, take care 1 on a night like this the creatures j cannot be safely handled;" ! A contemptuous smile passed over the livid face of the doctor. " You do not know what you are talking of," answered he. "Bhoot (the ghost) knows me perfectly well, and would not harm me for the world. If you are afraid you can leave me, my work will be over in a few moments." As be spoke he then raised the lid of a deal box which had been placed upon the table, and in another instant the fiat head and darkshining body of a cobra, some three feet in length, appeared above the edge. The reptile, like the rest of the creatures, seemed excited and uneasy, but made no attempt to strike its fangs into the hand which the doctor drew softly down its back. "Gently, gently, my beautiful Bhoot," mur mured the doctor, speaking in the soft accents of the Hindustani language, with which Manvers was perfectly conversant. " There is 110 occasion for irritability, the pang will be but a transient one, and the service 1 require to-night the last I shall ask of you. Come then destroyer of the kingly race of Oranipore. Aha, when I caught you beneath the Mango ; tree in the garden and placed you in the bed of my noble master the Kajah of Oranipore, you little thought that you would also cause the death of his daughter Heera and raise me to the rank of ruler of a vast and fertile land. The same poison, chosen from the same source which sent a tyrant out of the world, stopped like a stroke of the thunderbolt the bcatmgs of Heera's irresolute heart. The same hand which placed yon beneath the silken quilt of the father pricked the arm of the daughter and sent your poison dancing and festering through her veins. One more service, my beauty, and you are free to enjoy the rest of your reptile existence in peace. A11 seems bright at present. Every obstacle is remove from my £ath, and all I have to do is to return to the last and claim the throne of Oranipore: and yet'at times I have strange uneasy feelings, sometimes a dark shadow seems to drive away the fairness of the prospect. I cannot tell where it may come from, but there are moments when the gibbet looms before me, and I feel the hangman's oord tighten around my throat. You can save me from that; a drop of your subtle poison wbioh lurks in your venomous fang will render me, should the occasion arrive, as free as the air I breathe. These poor fools believe that I couie here for a scientific experiment, but they little' know that I come to preserve the means of solving the' mighty secret, which lias puzzled the wise men of eyiry age, the ' Secret of Death. '" : . His voice, soft as it was, plainly audible above the strange BoundB with which the place was' filled, and not a syllable escaped the listening ear of Manvers. " Come, Queen of the jungle," continued the doctor, " one] little twinge and all will be over, and remember, beauty, the poisonous gland will grow again, and you will be as deadly and venomous as ever." The reptile had wound its tail round the doetur's arm and was gazing up into his face with the bright eyes which glittered like diamonds. The doctor's right hand stole into his pockctj and reappeared again holding a minute pair of silver forceps, whilst his left began to glide gently down to the creature's neck. But the moment had now come, when Manvers, who had been spell-bound by the | strange scene and the terrible confession which had dropped from the murderer's hps, could i no longer restrain himself. With a bound he sprang forward and grasping the doctor by the shoulder exclaimed in a voice wliich quivered with emotion. " Treacherous assassin, have I { hunted you down at last 1 Men, seize him, the I villain has just confessed to two murders of ] the vilest discription. I have heard every word he said, and a viler monster never trod this earth." The start which Langton Hessclton gave, and the sudden approach of a stranger irritated the cobra; in an iustant her hood was inflated, and with a sharp hiss she darted her fangs intb> the hand which grasped the silver forceps. ■' A Spasm of pain passed over the livid features, . and witli a sudden impulse of fury hetore the. snake from his arm, and throwing it upon the floor trampled her to death, regardless of the many bites which the creature inflicted upon him in her death agony. " It is enough," said he recovering his calmness. " No mortal skill cansavo me. I do not know who you are," he continued addressing Manvers, ''though your face seems familiar to me. At any rate had it not been for my dead friend here your evidence would have fixed the cord round my throat, as it is I escape tbe hangman and the gibbett, even if I lose the rich lands and domed places of Oranipore." Dr. Langton Hcsselton was a true prophet; in three hours he was a dead man, for the poison which had destroyed father and daughter proved equally fatal to their mur derer. After Manvers had given his deposition at the inquest, he was no longer visited by the gloomythoughts and strange visions which had since Heera^s death marred his repose, and when at the end of bis furlough he rejoined hiB regiment, which had returned from the East, he discovered that the Government finding that there were no heirs to the throne of Orani pore had taken possession of the country, which now formed one of the numerous States which had ,been grasped by the iron hand of annexation. Tbe End. 