THE HOUSE OF B£MMOIT. BY MRS, JEAJ^IE Q WYNNE BEITAIX'J Published bj special m&Ggeaiani; w!K" ,ha All ilgbtn roseived.J OHAPiaa LIX.-(Continued,) " Gb, he exoiaimed, " I thought he waat^ to know aboat it, bat it's like 'ain »!i-ihsy ail* ltave me to talk so ths ghosteseB. I ain's Bare Ibe ghoati-efiH ain't butter to talk Co ; tuey don't fcsp a man'd nose off io a-ausworin' of 'ein, tbe ghostettfl don't. Oid £etcy might, bat u'ae tin's a tight and piuper ghost to my mind; tin' Bho couldn't w»;k (or «i good <vrs:ie afora »Jj8 died, BO I don't suppi.'3d 'er ^hutS c*n walk," And the old man fiilad his airiy liitle pipe spain. It was a habit of hi* to haul about a epade, as another man mipht have dona a stick, as a mark of offina He bud got ira epade now. He only 1id«w oi»a song, and that was appropriate to his office; and between hia luffs be sang it now, though be hada'c the faintest notion of keeping in tuua, and hai considerably mutilated the words in yeara o! lepetition. The refrain he liked b^at was »'I've buu'ed 'em deep on* my duty I've done end one line, referring to the numbers the gtave-diggeic o! tbe song haa buried always bi ought to bia faoe an mdivida-vl Bmirk. Once in singing tbis Bong at the Ball's Bead, when a little the worse tor drink, he lad remarked to one of bis companions- no, cot companions, for he had none, bat to one of those seated beside the same Ore with himself at that time-"if there'd only come a peati )i nee, bb they talk of in the church, an' I could 'uve the buryii.1 cf 'em, I believe I wouldn't it ind dyin'at the end of it myself. When I 1 now as I've buried more than any other sexton u y duty I'll have done," Mr. Kicking ham was far out of raaoh of the trng, lor rapid strides bad otniied hi<n to the corner honce inhabited by tbe deotar and bis funnily. Dr. Towers had always bad a friendly fteling for Mr. Bookingham, beoausB he had Lever taken advantage of his priebthood to »nquire into private affairs; so he waa always welcome when he called. Tbe tiDy sitting room' was empty when Mr. Rockingham entered it and sat down on one of the chintz covered chairs and looked down tbe street throogh tbe small window. Tbe dootor was jaat starting oat on his fhat round, but he came at once to Mc. Bucking ham. "Yon are jost going out, I fear," ha began, "and what 1 nave, come about cannot ba put in a nutshell: Had I not better walk mth you 2" "If you don't mind," said the dootor, "I should be very glad if you would, as there are some patients I ought to see early. {There's a good deal of Bickness about." The clergyman took his hat and put it on as the eipn that he was ready ; and he and the doctor passed out at the door, and had soon left the straggling village behind. '"I hope you will not think," began the olergyman with some diffidence, " that wnat I am going to say is undne interference with your affairs. If yon will have the patience to hear me yon will see that at any rate. I am &b; deeply implicated as any one flan ba in the affair of whioh I am going to speak, and my only motive ia to liberate you it possible from what must be, if my surmises are correct, a most bitter bond, A man who has caused me the bitterest trouble my life has known is I find BIbo connected with yonr house." The doctor's great ohest heaved and his piercing 6yea canght all the expression of the oleigyman's face as he spoke. "The name of yonr married sister is the same aB that of the man I have alluded to, - I have traced the man to yonr honse." The dootor'a faoe became very pale, " Will yon tell me in the same friendly spirit in whioh I ask, if that man ever professed to marry your siBter ?" "He did marry her," replied the doctor hoarsely, " Can you give, me the date "It was February, 18-." "You are sure of that ?" " I have reason enough to be Bute." "Then," said the olegryman, "I am, indeed, a messenger of good to yon," "How can yon be?" " He is not yonr sister's husband." " Explain yourself." " He married my Bister before that date,' The dootor stood still in the road, The clergyman also stopped. The two_ men looked at each other, a new meaning in each face. What a bond there is in a common Borrow! That interchanged look made these two men brothers. . "Strange, passing strange!" said Towe's. " How can I rejoioe in your presence? I feel aB if you had taken my place in a prison-cell. All the test iB small," he added, thinking of his sister, " compared with her bearing his name and1 being his wife. That he has betrayed, ruined her, seems nothing to it. At least she is still mine and need never trouble herself about him again." " How you must have suffered," responded the olergyman sadly, "to have learnt your lesBoo so well! I too have had to learn that the case is Ibbb wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by a bad man than when he has the right to call her his property and bid her go and come, and none are able to help or forbid. When I saw Felbois he told me he had been somewhere after money. Have yon indeed been paying him to leave yon what waa not his toolaim?" " That is the whole story," " Then it is over, and I have been a mea« senger of good after all," "You have indeed] you have removed the shadow that covered our house. Death removed one, yon have removed the other, If tb'cga like this happen to me I shall believe there is a God of mercy after all." Tbe olergyman did not begin as some very young curates would have done, to attempt to prove to this man of soienoe the existence of a God of mercy, Mr, Rook'ngham confined his preaching to the pulpit; moreover, ha was far sighted enough to see that Dr. Towers was tak'ng a lesson from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he bad given one little glanoa upward and bis eyes were swimming with tears. . , ,, Titty walked on a little farther and. tha doctor said, .'You have been BO very kind to me and made youiBelf BO close a f tiend by wh*t yon have done, that it aannot be wrong in me to BBk yon if yonr siBter is beyond the reaoh of that man V "She is beyond the reaoh of that man, beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not free her, so God did it j" and he added, as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all along and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common Bilent Buffering "My Bister had a daughtsr, She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate," The dootor looked enquiringly. .' You muBt guesB it already, Madeline is my niece J but I do not wish it to be known at present, I must break it carefully to my family. I would not have Madeline suffer injustice at their hands, She must not go to them or be known to them unless in her right ful position." . . . "Pride iB a bard dictator at times," re marked Dr. TowerB, with a Bigb. "That is true," replied the vicar, and my family 1 have found as hard as ever, even when I took my poor* darling's remainB to their resting-place in the family vault But I hav<§ a'plan in my head that shall tight Madeline, and: until then she shall remain at Mrs. Saltring's as before, whioh Bhe is very willing to do," More might have been said, but the dootor a time was of importance, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit fit at. Dr. Towers was BO light hearted when ie entered hie patient's room, so very ohatty. that tbe very eight of him produced a good effect; and when he had left that house and_ wab onca more in a country lane he found himself un wontedly singing. So doeB Budden frealom from a long-borne and terrible burden bung to the physically Btrong a renewed vigor of spieii whioh is' rejuvenescence, Towers saw before him in the lane two or three little bpys, truants from Bchool. throwing Btonea at a tin oaa on a gate post. He remembered BO well the days when " shying" at an objeot had been his idea of bliss, especially in school hours, that he sym pathised with the little aoapegraces and stood still to watoh their success and applaud; and finally! hej distributed halfpence among tha young meals, who doubtless deserved a whipping instead. He went on hia way with snob alight tread | and such a singing heart that he oould hardly recognise himself. Hia . long lane had had a turning and had led him into rich meadows, ease and plenty. A miraole had been performed. Happine3B would be re stored to his home and he oould make it a home now. There wouid be no drag upon hia purse. And as everything smiled around him and within him a sudden check, from whenoa ha conlo not have told, put a momentary stop, to his delirium of happiness, and a feeling of shame crept over him. Why had he believed himBtlf- God forsaken, when all the time, this God was caring for him and providing & means of eBoape? An overwhelming feeling of hu mility took possession of him, his whole n%t are j tbawtd, and hidden away aa. he was from mortal gaze, he wept aloud. This was Bucueectd by a happier frame than ever, though not quits so overflowingj anl hi hurried on to bu next patient and through all his morning's roBiiO. a« it work were no work. Then when at las', he was at liberty to return home .to his tusak early dinnar he ma4a some puiohssee oi *p«ciM usinties in the village, out ol their leaih hir'iierto, and sent them on before him to lipoid t'ae ai.pr-jach of better fortune, MkijTuwe'.stock i=» the basket herself wben iv ai {i'tcOk-hbtf culled bi.t hint's attention to it . . ' %* What cVn b.j *r,'> mi-.ainog r>f T fpjn's'ae W:1 tt'ie u-.uli; ?' Haia Ws^a^ie Pon<is. t»i w.j 1 iLi»:t ._ '-cr, " ta.o^-. U'W. ' fee- it It 5 t-s ciiiy u-. fUa ssaaa.'; "I tell yon what'it {?." said Amy, putting her thin bands together tightly, " we ate Boma< how in luck." "Very nmoh so, indeed," said Dr. To wars oomiog upon them, " We ishall be hereafter sb other people, peaceful and unmolested, Ien't that eomelhing ?" The two poor ladies looked almost gated. What could they think? He toolc eaoh by an arm and led them into the little sitting-room and olosed the door. "Girle," he said-it hsd been yeara aioaa he bad used that term-" I deolare for the firat time this room does seem to be houibly small and inconvenient." His sisters dared not speak. They wars alcuOEt o'raid of tbis mood ol his, The djotor tv.Ba only amused by the fear in their faces, trnu tantaliBinply went on, bold'ng bad news as it vera high above their heads. " Wjfcat do yon say to the gabled white bcuptf, A.my ?" " Tbe gaWed white bctise! Mr. Bichardsoa'a bOUEP 1" "Not Mr. Riohataactt'd now," Raid the' doctor, his face smiliDg all over, " Don't yot» tbi£>Ir it would suit us ?"' " Why do you talk oi Euoh th>ogs," answered Xiouiea (JeprecatiDgly, "when you know they are quite out of our reaoh 1" "Out of our reaoh they wero," replied tha doctor, *' so long as otber people Bpent our money for ns, but not so if one income wero our own. We have never been short of inoome, but othera have spent it for na-that has beau il-and that is all ended." "Heis dead 1" exclaimed Madame Palboia with a Rasp, " Then he is dead 1" To be continuedt\ 