SIFT/NGS. Who are the parties who every year sacrifice scores ot dogs on the altar of strychnine ? On Monday night and Tues day some thirty animals to our know ledge, many very valuable, others great family pets, succumbed to poisoned baits, The area covered was nearly co-extensive with the city, showing a systematic tour of damnable cowardice on the part of somebody. Why don't the police attempt to find him out ? Dogs are pro perty as much as 'atches or sheep or gold sovereigns; and we know very well that if there were thirty burglaries in one night the whole local force would be ordered out, and no effort would be spared to discover the thief or thieves. But dogs are poisoned in their owners' back yards, baits are picked up in main street and back street and in private lanes, and nothing appears to. be done to find out whio does it. So apathetic are the police that some people are inclined to say that they have a hand in it. We don't think so, That the force appointed to guard property should positively and with tull purpose destroy it is so opposed to reason that we cannot accept it. Is it the stockowners, aided by confederates in the city ? Many people say it is highly probable. Well, all we can say is that should facts ever come to light proving the crime-for crime it is-against any particular man he will find it was the worst night's work he ever indulged in in his life. Any one who has seen a poor brute suffering from a dose of strychnine, with every nerve and muscle wrung with convulsive agony, and with eyes fixed in an unutterable glassiness, will at once dub the brute the two- legged brute-who can distribute baits wholesale as a thing who deserves lynching or being made to take a similar dose himself. In any case the police are bound to try and find out who it is that is destroying property which the police, in the absence of public authority, are by their position expected to protect. For our part we don't see any difference at bottom between poisoning a man's dog, destroying his horse, or picking his pocket. They are all resolvable into the robbery of property. Oun many-tar contemporaries seom sometimes to be singularly unfortunate in missing news which should be of spoesial interest to their readers. A striking instance of this has been afforded during the last few days. Important information has come from Victoria, information of consuming interest to farmers; and the many-tao organs by a singular fatality have aill misseed it. The news is that the Victorian Faormero' Protection Association has natually given up the ghost, the last branch being wound up the other day. This i not all. It might be assumed that tho association had booeen allowed to die beeouee its work had been accomplishod, ridiculous as suoh an asounsption would appear in the face of the fact that the farmers are forming froctrada associations; but the peesches delivered at the mooting when "the last of the tohicans" was decently interred showh that the reason for the dissolution is tlht the farmers havo had their eyes opened and intend to kick as hard as they know how. " Protection," it wus cntontended, "had put a tax on all orticles requiresl by farmeor and given themo nothing'in return; they had given protection a tri.al, as it was the settled polioy of the country; it had been a long trial, but had now boon weighed in the balhnces and found wanting." " The farmer,' said the eoseonder of the resolulion, "o was abnolutely the beast of burden and the vlotim of the mass of multifarious duties." The come man remarked that in the early days of protooection they were told that it was only to start their young industriaes. That wasoo the cry over twenty years ago. He did not know of a single industry sines that time which had east away its crutches and could go alone. The resolution to wind up the branch was carried unanimously. In this colony many of the farmers do not find their lines east in pleasant places. Froetrado, although it may alleviate tlheir burdens, certainly does not create for them a paradise; and as protection has proved worse than a failure, it followsnthat something elso is required: That something else is a measure which will give to the farmer all he produces, and while he continues to be taxed to pay his share to the over-increasing land values of the colony he will most certainly not get what he' produces. The Argyle farmer helps to make the values in Auburn-street, Goulburn, and George- street, Sydney, and he cannot eseape the imposition either under protection or freetrade falsely so called. For the third time in two years, Victoria, the so-called paradise and the pattern of prosperity, has gone to London in the guise of a borrower. The Treasury is empty, and the Government have drawn heavily on the banks, so much so that another pot-boiler was necessary to avert a orlsis. So after dodging about for a month or two, trying to eatoh a favourable opportunity, Mr. Monro was at last compelled to make the attempt, and the loan is a failure. This fol lowing so closely upon the failure of South Australia is asuggestive. It is quite time the borrowing policy in all these colonies was modified. There is very little to choose between any of them. Ranting protetionislts, with their ears full of wax and their eyes shut as though they were stitched up, lost they should hbear or see anything to the detriment of their worn-out fetish and humbug, are always crying out that of all the colonies this is the only one which lives on borrowed money. As a matter of foot Victoria the last three years has booeen the biggest offender of all. The total indobtodnes of that colony bes increased some £11.000,000 per annum. If this is not living the life of a spendthrift on borrowed cash, perhaps the omniscient (although blind and deaf) oritics will toll us what it is. But experience proves that when a protectionist gets on the stump or is oentrusted with a pen he cares no more for facts then an elephant does for flees. Who gte tsthe benefit of the loans ? That is, tholhsting benefit, as contra-diatinguished from the flash-in-the pan advantlge of the moment. The propertied men-mine owners, land owners, cyndilates, and jobbing banks. The increased slene,, which remain after the firsct flush of lavish e-penditure, go to enrioh a class-in faet the maosses have not only to meet the interest on the loans, but have to forego more of their earnings, because of these increased values. E?ch Governmont and every Parliamont, not only in Viotoria but in all the oolonies, bolierec thoroughly in borrowing. The reason is not far to seck. They are inter ested, as bodice, in property, in speculation, it syndicate dodgery; and loase pl.y in the long run into their hands. When thej maoess discover that loans mean a two.fold robbecry for thelm, brought about by the un:?dcoervcd enrichment of a elacs and a pilingo of interest upon them, they will stop the borrowing policy or tloe care that the resoults are properly dis tributed. Tie one fact that tlls i. Viotoria's third borrowincg visit caos it1e cons?itutes a oroshing answer to those who say that proteotion is a self-contained policy. The plain 'nttih is that both lioalo policies are ali!e incapable of solving the problemu of labour; and a mon who in the faeo of the convincing facts fnrielhcd biy the wholo group of mortstaged c:sIouies esanot see it hasn't an eyo in Lis head n:orth a ejlas bead. 