THE SOUTH SEAS. BY R. L STEVENSON. FART I.— THE MARQUESAS. Chapter I.— An Island Landfall. For nearly 10 yoars my health had beon declining; nnd for somo whilo beforo I sot forth upon my voyngo, I believed I wns como to the aftorpioco of lifo, nnd had only tho nurse and undertaker to expect. It was suggostcd that I should try tbo South Sous; and I was not unwilling to visit liko a ghost, and bo carried liko a bale, nmong sccnos that had attracted mo in youth and hcnlth. I cliartorcd accordingly Dr. Morrit's solioonor yacht, tho Cnsco, 74 tons register; sailed from San Francisco towards tho ond of June, 18S8, visited tho Eastern islands, nnd wub loft early tlio noxt year at Honolulu. Honco, lacking courago to roturn to my old lifo of tho houso and siek room, I sot forth to leeward in a trading schoonor, tho Equator, of a littlo ovor 70 tons, spont four months nmong tho atolls of tho Gilbort Group, and reached Samoa towards tho close of 1889. By that timo gratitude and habit woro begin ning to attach mo to the islands ; I had gained a competency of strength, I had mado friends ; I had learned now interests ; tho timo of' my voyages had passed liko days in fairy land ; ond I decided to remain. I began to prcpnro theso pagos at sea, on a third aruise, in tho trading steamer Janet Nicoll. If moro days are granted me, thoy shall bo passed whoro I havo found life most plonsnnt nnd man most interesting ; tho axe3 of my blaokboys nro already olearing the foundations of my futuro house ; cud I must learn to address readers from tho uttermost parts of the sea. That I should thus havo reversed tho vordict of Lord Tennyson's hero is less occcntrio than appears. Few men who oome to tho islands leavo them ; tlioy grow groy whero they alighted ; tho palm shades and tho trado wind fans them till thoy dio, perhaps cherishing to tho last tho fancy of a visit home, which is rarely made, moro rarely enjoyed, aud yot more rarely repeated. No part of the world oxerts tho samo attractive power upon the visitor, nnd the task beforo mo is to communicato to fircsido travellers Boino sense of its soduetion, and to describe the life, at sea anil ashore, of many hundred thousand porsons, somo of our own blood and language, all our coutomporaries, and yet ns remote in thought and habit as Rob Roy or Barharossa, tho Apostles or tho Ciesnrs, The first experience can never bo repeated. Tho first lovo, the first sunrise, tho first South 'Sea Island are memories apart and touahed n virginity of sense. On tho 28th of July, 1888, the moon was an hour down by 4 in tho morning. In the east a radiating centra of brightness told of tho day, aud beneath, on the skyline, tho morning bank was already building, black as ink. AVo have all read of tlio swiftness of the day's coming and donarturo in low lati tudes ; it is a point on which the soientifio nnd the sentimental tourist aro at one, and has inspired some tasteful poetry. The period cer tainly varies with tho season ; but bore is ono case exactly noted. Although the dawn was thus preparing by 4, the sun was not up till 6 ; and it was halt-past 5 before we could distinguish our oxpooted islands from tlio clouds on tho horizon. Eight degrees south, and tlio day two hours a coming. Tho interval was pnssed on dcok in tlio silence of expectation, tho customary thrill of landfall, heightened by tho strangeness of tho shores that we woro then approaching. Slowly they took shapo in the attenuating darkness. Ua-huna, piling up to a truncated summit, appeared tho first upon tho starboard bow ; almost abeam aroso our destination, Nuka-hiva, whelmed in cloud ; and betwixt ond to tho southward, tho first rays of tho sun displayed the needles of Ua-pu. These pricked about tho line of the horizon ; liko tho pinnacles of somo ornate and monstrous ohuroh, they stood thore, in tho sparkling brightness of tho morning, tho fit signboard of a world of wonders. Not one soul aboard the Casco had set foot upon the islands or know, excopt by acoident, one word of any of the island tonguos ; and it was with something perhaps of the same anxious pleasure as thrilled tho bosom of discoverers .that wo drew near theso problematic shoros. Tho land heaved up in peaks and rising vales ; it fell in cliffs and buttresses ; its color ran through fifty modulations in a scale of pearl ond rose and olive; and it was orowncd above by tho opalescent clouds. The snffnsion of vague hues deceived tlio eyo ; tlio shadows of olouds were confounded with tho artioulations of tho mountain ; and the isle and its unsubstantial canopy roso and shimmered boforo us like a single mass. Thero was no heaoon, no smoko of towns to bo oxpooted, no plying pilot. Some- where, in that pale phantasmagoria of cliff and cloud, our haven lay concealed ; and somewhere to tho eaBt of it — tho only sea mark givon — a certain headland, known indifferently as Cape Adam and Eve, or Capo Jack and Jane, and distinguished by two colossal figures, tho groBS statuary of naturo. These we were to find — for theso we craved and stared, fooussed glasses nnd wrangled over charts ; nnd the Bun was overhead, and tho land close ahead beforo we found them. To a ship approaching, like tho Casco, from the north, they proved indeod tbo least conspicuous features of a striking coast — the surf flying high above its base ; strange, ausbere and feathered mountains rising bohind ; and Jaok and Jane, or Adam and Eve, impend ing like a pair of warts abovo tho breakers. Thence wo bore away along shore. On our port beam we might hear the explosions of tho surf ; a fow birds flow fishing under the prow ; there was no other sound or mark of life, whether of man or beast, in nil that quarter of tho island, "Winged by her own impetus nnd the dying breeze the Casco skimmed under cliffs, opened out a cove, showed us a beach and some green trees, and flitted by again, bowing to the swell. The trees, from our distance, might have boon hazel; tho beaoh might havo beon in Europe; the moun tain forms bohind modelled in littlo from tho Alps, and the forest whioh Mustered on their ramparts a growth no more considerable than oar Scottish heath. Again, tho cliff yawned, but now with a deeper entry, nnd the Casoo, hauling her wind, began to slide into tho bay of Anaho. The coooa palm, that giraffe of vegetables, so graceful, so ungainly, to tho European eye so foreign, was to bo seen crowding on tho beach, and climbing and fringing tho steep sides of mountains. Rudo and bare hills ombraced the inlet upon either hand ; it was eneloscd to the Iandwark by a bulk of shattered mountains. In every orewice of that barrier tho forest har bored, roosting and nestling thero like birds about a ruin; and far above, it greened and roughened the razor of the summit. Under the eastern shore our sohoonor, now bereft of any breeze, continued to oreep iu — the smart creature, when once under way, appearing motive in herself. From close aboard arose tho bleating of young lambs, a bird sang in the hill side, tho seent of the lnnd and of a hundred fruits or flowers flowed forth to meet us ; nnd, presontly, a house or two appeared, standing high on tlio ankles of the hills, and one of these surrounded with what seemed a garden. Theso conspicuous habitations, that patch of culture, had wo but known it, wore a mark of tho passage of whites ; and wo might have npproaohod a hun dred islands and not found thoir parallel. It was longer ere \vo spied tho native village, standing (in the universal fashion) close upon a curvo of beach, close under a grove of palms, tho sea in front growling and whitening on a concave arc of reef. For tho cocoa treo and the island man are both lovers and neighbors of the surf. "The coral waxes, the palm grows, but man departs," says the sad Tahitian proverb; but they are all three, so long as thoy endure, co-hunters of tho beach. The mark of anchorago was a blow-hole in the rooks, near the south-easterly corner of tho bay. Punctually to our uso the blow-hole spouted, the sohoonor turned upon her hoel, tho anchor plunged. It wns a small sound, a great event ; my soul went down with these moorings whence no windlasB may extract nor any divor fish it up, and I and somo part of my ship's com pany were from that hour tho bondslaves of the Isles of Vivien. Before yet the anchor plunged a canoe was already paddling from the hamlet. It contained two men— one white, one brown and tattooed across the face with bands of bluo, both in im- maoulato white European clothes — the resident trader, Mr. Regler ; and tho native chief, Taipi-Kikino. "Captain, is it permitted to come on Jioard ? " were the first words we heard among tho islands. Canoe followed eonoe till the ship swarmed with stal wart, Bix-foot men in ovory stago of undress ; some in a shirt, some in a loin oioth, one" in a handkerchief imperfectly adjusted; some, and .these the more considerable, tattooed from head to foot In awful patterns : 'some barbarous and i". bnived one, who sticks in my memory ns somothing bestial, squatting on his hams in a eanoo, snaking an orango and spitting it out again to alternate sides with ape liko vivaoity— all talking, nnd wo could not understand ono word ; all trying to trade with us who had no thought of trading, or offering us island curios at pricospalpably absurd. Thero was no word of woloomo ; no show of civility ; no hand extendod save that of tho chief and Mr. Regler. As wo still continued to refuso tho proffered artiolos, oomplaint ran high nnd rudo; and ono, tlio jester of tlio pnrty, rnilod upon our monnncss nmid jeer ing laughter. Among otlior angry pleasantries — " Here is a mighty fine ship," said ho, " to liavo no money on board I" I own I was inspired with sensibio ropugnanoe, ovon with alarm. Tho siiip was manifestly in their power ; wo had women on board ; I know nothing of my guests beyond tlio faot that they were cannibals. Tiie Directory (my only guido) wns full of timid cautionB ; and as for tlio trador, whoso prcsonoo might olso havo reassured mo, wero not whites in tho Pneifio tho usual instigators nnd accomplices of native outrago! "Whoa ho roads this confession, our kind friond, Mr. Regler, eau afford to smilo. Later in tho day, na I sat writing up my journal, the cabin was filled from ond to ond with MarquoBaus ; throo brown skinnod genera tions, squatted cross logged upon tlio floor, and regnrding mo in silcnco with embarrassing eyes. Tho eyes of all Polynesians nro large, luminous, nnd molting ; they aro like tho eyes of animals, nnd somo Italians. Tbo Romans know that look, and had n word for it, occuli putrcs, tlioy said — oyos rancid with oxprossion. A kind of despair came ovor me, to sit there helpless undor all those staring orbs, nnd bo thus blocked in a corner of my cabin by this speechless orowd, nnd a kind ot rngo to think thoy woro beyond tho reach of articuiato communication, liko furred animals, orfolkbora doaf, or the dwallors of somo alien planet. To cross tlio channel is, for a boy of 12, to cliongo heavens ; to cross the Atlantic, for a man of 24, is hardly to modify his diet. But I was now escaped out of the shadow of tho Roman empire, under whose toppling monu ments wo woro all oradlcd, whoso laws and letters ara on overy hand of us constraining and preventing. I wns now to boo what mon might bo whoso fathers hud never studied Virgil, had nevor been conquorcd by Caesar, and never beon ruled by tho wisdom of Gnius or l'apinian. By the samo step I hail journeyed forth out of that oomfortablo zono of kindred languages, whoro the eurscot Babel is so easy to bo remedied, and my now fellow creatures sat boforo me dumb like images. Metliought, in my travels, all human relation was to bo excluded, and whon I returned homo (for in those days I still projected my return) I should have but dipped into a picture book without a text. Nny, and I even questioned if my travels should be much prolonged, perhaps they wero destined to a speedy end, perhaps my subsequent friend, Knuanui, whom I remarked there sitting silent with tlio rest, for a man of some authority, might leap from his liams with an ear splitting signal, the ship bo earriod at a rush, and tho ship's company butchered for the table, Thero could bo nothing moro natural than theso apprehensions, nor anything more ground less. In my experience of the islands I had never again so menacing a reception. "Were I to meet with sueli to-day I should bo moro alarmed, and tenfold moro surprised. The majority of Polynesians are easy folk to get in touch with, frank, fond of notice, grcody of tho least affec tion, like amiablo fawning dogs ; and cvon with tho Marquesans, so reoently and so imperfectly redeemed, from a blood-boltcrcd barbarism, all wero to become our intimates, and ono at least was to mourn Bincercly our departure. Chapter II.— Making Friends. The impediment of tongues was ono that I particularly over-estimated. Tho languages of Polynesia ara easy to smattcr, though hard to spoak with elegance. And thoy aro extremely similar, so that a person who hns a tincture ot one or two may risk, not without hope, an attempt upon tho others. The most odd and obvious variation is in the consonants. T and K, R nnd L, aro interchanged in dif ferent dialocts; so is tho group F, H, V or AVH, and the process by whioh the difference nroBe is still to be observed in operation. The islands are subject ' to opi- demio tricks of speech, suoh as we aro accus tomed to in Europe. It is not long sinoe all fashionable France adopted tho burr, all fashionable England lisped, or all unfashion able London sounded V for AV. In Europe, theso opidemios oomo and go, so that already, in the earlier novels of Bulwer Lytton, their traces mako us stare. In the islands, where all the world is "in society," and tho whole population adopts at the same moment the same novelty, tho consequence is mora endur ing. In this way, within tho last half century, K has driven T out of Hawaii, and within the last fow years the same deformation has involved the beautiful language of Samoa. T is now rarely sounded thoro except in set orations ; and so muoh confusion roigns that I have heard a Samoan pastor say "lCupu" and " Atua " in the samo clause of a prayer, Tho IC is no new sound in the Samoan language; it was once common. Fashion expelled, and now fashion reinstates it, liko exiles aftor an amnesty. And, onoo mora liko the exiles, it returns to find its old seat occupied by others, and to fill new positions. Tho placo of the old K, once so carefully ontruded, is still marked by the apostrophe or so-called eateh; while tho new K, now so wantonly roimported, usurps the part of T, It should ho borne in mind that this latter fashion started after tbo languago was already written and printed nnd assiduously rend, and that it has been, and still is, steadily resisted by tlie mission, the central educating body. How much moro swiftly must similar whims and mimicries havo defaced and divided tho dialects of a bookless antiquity. And accordingly, when we look to Molanesia, we find the speech of tho same island is infinitely broken up. In tho small isle of Tana, Sir. F. A. Campbell counts no fewer than Bix languages ; and on New Cale donia I was assured thore wero not less than 50— tho latter figure struck mo with inorodulity. SI. Gallet (who gave it me for a round number) im mediately called into the office ono of his native assistants, asked the lad what languages ho could understand and whioh he could not, and as each was named, showed me its territory on the map. The boy spoko throe ; he mentioned (I think) four of which ho was quito ignoraut ; and they wero all close neighbors in a narrow belt aoross tbo island. Sir. Campboll, after chroniolingthe foot quoted abovo, goes onto philosophise. " It is a well known faot," ho says, " that if there be no fixed standard "—be refers to tho art of writing — " a language will quickly alter ; and that if, undor these circum stances, peoples originally sjieaking tho same languago bo soparated and kept apart, and opposed to eaoh othor in war and stratagom, their language will develop into different dia lects, and become so different as to entitle them to be called different languages." I quoto these words because they appear so conclusive, and because tlioy are seomingly quito true for Melanesia. How then to explain tho contrary experience of tho Polynesians? These are spread ovor a great fiold of ocean, from north to south nnd from west to east. Intercourse had long ceased between nearly all tho groups. On tho same island, iu the Marquesas, every glen was in porpetual cannibal warfare with its neigh bors. And yot, to-day, from'tho extreme north to tho extremo south, tho languago is probably not so different as Breton is from "Welsh ; and tho Polynesian, landing on any isle within these broad bounds, will be readily understood in al most all essentials. And again, not only is Polynesian easy to smattcr, but interpreters abound. Missionaries, traders and broken whito folk, living on the bounty of the natives, are to bo found in almost every isle and hamlet ; and oven whero these are unserviceable tlio natives tbomselves have often scraped up a little English, and in the Fronch zono (though far loss commonly) a little Frenoh-English, or an efficient pidgin, what is called- to the westward " Beaoh-la-Mar," comes easy to the Polynesian. It is now taught, besides, in tho schools of Hawaii, and from tho multiplicity of British ships and tho nearness of the States on the one hand and the colonies on the other, it may bo called, and will almost certainly bcoome, the tongue of tbo Pacific. I will instanco a few ex amples. I met in Majuro a Marshall Island boy who spoke excellent English ; this ho had learned in tho German firm in Jaluit, yet did not speak ono word of Gorman. I heard from a gendarme who hod taught school in Rapa-itl that while the children had the utmost diffi culty or reluctance to learn French, they picked up English on the way side as if by oeddenL On one of the most out of the way atolls in the - Carolines, my friond, Mr. Benjamin Hord, wns amazed to find tho lads playing cricket on tho benoh and talking English; nnd it was in English that tlio crow of tho Janet Nicoll, n set of blnok boys from different Molnncsian islands, communicated with otlior natives throughout tho cruise, transmitted orders, and somotimes jested togotlior on tho foro hatch. But what Btruok mo perhaps most of all wns a word I heard on tho vornmlnh of tlio Tribunal nt Noumea. A enso had just boen hoard — a trial for infnntiaido ngainst an apo-liko native woman — nnd tlio nuilicnco woro smoking cigarettes as they awaited tlio verdict. An anxious, amiable French lady, not far from tears, was aagor for acquittal, and dcalnred she would engage tlio prisonor to bo hor children's nurse. Tho bystanders exclaimed at tlio pro posal ; tbo woman was a savngo, paid thoy, and spoko no language. " Mais, vous saves," ob jected the fair scntimontalist ; "Us apprenncnt si vite I'Amjlais 1 " But to bo able to speak to pooplo is not all ; nnd in the first stago of my relations with natives I was liolpod by two things. To begin with, I was tlio showman of tho Casoo. Sho, hor fino lines, tall spars and snowy decks, tlio crimson fittings of the saloon, nnd tlio whito nnd gilt, and tho repeating mirrors of the tiny cabin, brought us a hundred visitors. Tho men fathomed out hor dimensions with their arms, os thoir fathors fathomed out the ships of Cook ; tho women doolared tho cabins more lovely than n church ; bouncing Junos woro nevor woary of Bitting in tlio obnirs ond contemplating in tho glass thoir own blond images ; and I havo seen ono lady atrip up hor dross, and, with orics of wonder nnd delight, rub lierpolf bare brocohed upon tho volvet cushions. Biscuit, jam and syrup was tlio ontortainmont ; and as in Europoan parlors, tlio photograph album went tho round. This sober gallery, their every day costumes and physiognomies, hnd become transformed, in three weeks' soiling, into things wonderful and rich and foreign ; alion faoos, barbaric drosses, they were now behold and fingered, in tlio swerving cabin, with innocent oxcitomont and surprise. Hor Majesty was often recognised, nnd I linve soon Fronch subjocts kiss her photo graph ; Captain Speedy— in an Abyssinian war dress, supposed to bo tbo uniform of tho British army — met witli muoh acceptance; and tho oftigios of Mr. Andrew Lang wero admired in Marquesas. There is the place for him to go whon lie shall bo woary of Middlosox and Homer. It was porhaps yot moro important that I bad enjoyed in my youth somo knowlcdgo of our Scots folk of tlio Highlands and tho Islands. Not muoh beyond a oontury has passed since these woro in the same convulsive and transi- tionary state as tho Marquesans of to-day. In both cases, an alien authority enforcod, tlio clans disarmed, the chiefs deposed, new customs introduced, and chiefly that fashion of regard ing money as the moans and object of existence. Tho eommcreial age, in each, succeeding at a bound to an nge of war abroad and pntriarehal communism nt borne. In ono tlio cherished practiso of tattooing, in the other a cherished costume, proscribed. In each a main luxury cut off ; beef, driven undor oloud of night from lowland pastures, denied to tlio moat loving highlander; long- pig, pirated from tlio next village, to the man-eating Kanaka. The grumb ling, the secret ferment, the fears nnd rosont- mcnts, the alarms and sudden counoils of Mar- quesan chiefs, reminded me continually of tho days of Lovat and Struan. Hospitality, tnct, a natural fine manner and n touchy punctilio, aro common to both raecs ; common to both tonguos, tho trick of dropping medial oonsonants. Here is a table of two widespread Polynesian wordB : House. Lovo. Taliitinn „ Faro „ Arolia New Zealand — AVliaro _ Samoan.. _ Falo _ Talofa Maiiihiki _ F.alo -. Aloha Hawaiian „ Halo _ Aloha Marquesan .. Ila'o „ Knoha The elision of medial consonants, so markod in tbeBe Marquesan instnnocs, is no less common both in Gnolio and tho lowland Scots. Stranger still, that prevalent Polynesian sound, tlio so- called eateh, written with an apostrophe, and often or always tho gravestone of a perished consonant, is to bo heard in Scotland to this day. "When a Scot pronounces wntor, or bottle — wafer, be'er, bo'le — tho sound is precisely that of the catch ; nnd I think wo may go beyond, and say, that if suoh a population could bo isolated and this mispronunciation should beoomo tho rule, it might provo tho first stago of transition from t to k which is tho disease of Polynesian languages. Tho tendenoy of the Marquesans, however, is to urge against consonants, or at least on the very common letter 1, a war of moro exter mination. A hiatus is agreeable to any Polynesian ear ; the ear even of tho strangor soon grows used to these barbario voids ; but only in tbo Marquesan will you find suoh names ns Haaii and Paaaeua, when eaoh individual vowel must bo separately uttered. Tliose points of similarity between a South Sea people and somo of my own folk at home ran muoh in my head in the islands, and not only inclined mo to view my fresh acquaintances with favor, but continually modified my judg ment. A polito Englishman comes to-day to the Marquesans and is amazed to find the men tattooed ; polite Italians camo not long ago to England and found our fathers stained with woad ; and whon I paid tho return visit as a littlo boy, I was highly diverted with the back wardness of Italy : so insecure, so muoh a matter of tho day and hour, is tlio pre-eminence of race. It was so that I hit upon a means of communication which I reaommend to travellers. "When I desired any detail of savage custom, or of superstitious heliof, I cast back in the story of my fathers, nnd fished for what I wanted with somo trait of equal barbarism : Michael Scott, Lord Derwontwator's head, tho second sight, tho Water Kolpie, each of those I havo found to bo a killing bait ; the blaok bull's head of Stirling procured me tho legend of Rahcro ; and what I know of the Cluny Maepbersons, or tho Appin Stewarts, enabled mo to learn, and helped me to understand, about tho Tevas of Tahiti. Tho native was no longer ashamod, bis sense of kinship grew warmer, and his lips were opened. It is this sense of kinship that the traveller must rouse and share, or ho had better content himself with travels from tho bluo bed to tho brown. And the presence of ono Cooknoy tittcror will cause a wholo party to walk in clouds of darkness. Tho hamlet of Amabo stands on a margin of flat land between the west of the beaoh nnd tho spring of tho impending mountains. A grove of palms, perpetually ruffiing its green fans, carpots it (as for a triumph) with fallen branches, and shades it liko an arbor. A road runs from end to end of tlio covert among beds of flowers, tho milliner's shop of the community ; and hero and there, in the grateful twilight, in an air filled with a diversity of scents, and still within hearing of tho surf upon tho reef, tho native houses stand in scattered neighborhood. Tho same word, as we have seen, represents in many tongues of Polynesia, with scarce a share of difference, tho abode of man. But although tho word bo the same, tho structure itself continually varies ; and the Marquesan, among tho most backward and barbarous of islanders, was yet the most commodiously lodged. The grass huts of Hawaii, the birdoago houses of Tahiti, or the open slied, with tho crazy Venetian blinds, of the polite Samoan — none of those eon bo com pared with tho Marquesan paepao-hao, or dwelling platform. The paepao is an oblong terrace built without cement of blaok volcanic stone, from 20 to 50 feet in length, raised from 4 to 8 feet from tho earth, and accessible by a broad stair. Along the book of this, and coming to about half its width, runs tho open front of tho house, liko a covered gallery ; tho interior sometimes neat and almost elegant in its baroness, the sleeping space divided off by an endlong coaming, Borne bright raiment porhaps hanging from a nail, and a lamp and ono of "Whito's Bewing machines tho only marks of oivilisation. On tho outside, at ono end of the terrace, burns the cooking fire under a shed ; at the other thoro is porhaps a pen for pigs ; tho remainder is the cvoning lounge and nl fresco banquet hall of the inhabitants. To somo houses water is brought down the mountain in bamboo pipos, perforated for tho sake of sweot- ness. "With tho Highland comparison in my mind, I was struck to remember tho sluttish mounds of turf and stone in which I liavo sat and been entertained in tho Hebrides and tha North Islands. Two things, I suppose, explain the contrast. In Scotland wood is rare, aud with materials so rude as turf and stone the very hope of neatness is excluded. And in Sootland it is cold. Shel ter and a hearth are needs so pressing that a man lookB not beyond ; he is out all day after a bare bellyful, and at night when he sayoth "Aha, it is warm!" ho has not appetite for more. Or if . for something also, then some- "Whore that word is used as a salutation I give that form. - . - tiling iiighor; a fino school of pootry ami song' aroso in those rough sholters, and nn air liko Loolinbor No Moro is an ovldenoo of refinement moro convincing, as well as moro imperishable, than a palace. To one suoh dwelling platform, n considerable troop of relatives and dependents resort. In tho hour of tho dusk, when tlio firo blazes, nnd tlio scent of the cooked breadfruit fills the air, nnd perhaps tho lamp glints nlrcndy botwoon tho pillars of tho house, you shall behold thorn silently nssembio to this meal, mon, women and children ; and tlio dogs nnd pigs frisk together ,up tho torraco stairway, switohing rival tails. Tho Btrangors from tlio ship were soon equally woloomo ; wclcomo to dip thoir fingers in tho woodon dish, to drink eoooanuts, to share tlio circulating pipo, and to hear and hold high debate about tlio misdeods of tho French, tlio Panama Canal, or tlio geographical position of San Francisco and Now Yo'ko. In a highland hamlot, quito out of roach of any tourist, I have met tlio aamo plain and dignified hospi- tality. I havo mentioned two facts — the distasteful behavior of our earliest visitors, and tho case ot tlio laily who rubbed horsolf upon tlio cushions — which would givo a very false opinion of Mar quesan manners. The groat majority of Poly nesians arc oxcollontly mannored ; but tho Mnrqucsan stands apart, annoying and attrac tive, wild, ally and refined. If you mako him a presont lie affects to forgot it, nnd it must ho offorod him again nt his going — a pretty formality I liavo found nowhoro else. A hint will get rid of any ono or any number, thoy nte so ficrcoly proud and modcHt ; while many of tho moro Iovablo but bluntor islanders orowd upon a stranger, nnd can bo no moro driven off than flies. A slight or an insult tlio Marquesan seems novor to forgot. I was ono day talking by tlie waysido with my friend 1-Ioka, when I perceived his eyes suddenly to flash and his stature to swell. A whito horsomnn was coming down tho mountain, and as ho pnssoil, and whilo he paused to oxehango salutations with myself, Hoka was still staring and ruffiing liko a game cock. It was a Corsioan who had years boforo callod him cochin sauvayc — cocon chauvagc, ns Hoka mispronounood it. With pooplo as nice and so touchy, it wns scaroo to be supposed that our company of greenhorns should not blunder into offonoos. Hoka, on one of his visits, fell sud denly in a brooding silcnco, nnd presently after left tho ship witli cold formality. When ho took mo back into favor, he ndroitly nnd pointedly explained tlio nature of my offenae. I had asked him to soli eoooanuts, and, in Hoka's viow, nrtioles of food wore things that a gentleman should givo, not sell, or ot least that he should not soil to nny friend. On another occasion I gave my boat's erow a lunohoon of chocolate and biscuits. I had sinned; I oould nevor learn how, ngainst somo point of observance, and though I was drily thanked, my offerings wero loft upon tho bench. But our worst mistako was a slight wo put on Tomn, Hokp.'s adoptive father, and in his own eyes tho rightful chiof of Annlio. In the first place, we did not call upon him, ns por haps wo should, in his fino new European houso, tho only oue in tho hamlot. In the second, whon wo camo ashore upon a visit to his rival, Taipi-kikino, It was Tomn whom wo saw stand ing nt .the head of tho benoh, a magnificent figure of a man, magnificently tattooed, and it was of Tomn that we asked our quostion— " Whoro is tho chiof ?" " What chief ?" cried Tomn, nnd turnod his back on tho blasphemers. Nor did ho lorgive us. Iloka camo and went with us daily ; but alono I beliove of all tho countryside, noithor Toma nor his wifo sot foot on board tho Casco. Tho temptation rosistcd it ib hard for a European to compute. The Flying City of Lnputa, moored for a fortnight in St. James's Park, affords but a pale figure of tho Casoo anchored before Anaho, for tlio Londoner has still his cbnngo of ploasuros, but tlio Mar quesan passos to his grave through an unbroken uniformity of days. On the afternoon beforo it %vas intended wo should sail a valedictory pnrty came on board, nine of our particular frionds equipped with gifts and dressed as for a festival. Hoka, tho chief dancer nnd singer, the greatest dandy of Anaho, and one of tho handsomest young fol lows in tho world — sullen, showy, dramatic, light as a feather and strong as an ox — it would have been hard, on that occasion, to rcoogniso, aB ho sat thero stooped and silent, his faeo heavy and groy. It was strange to soo tho lad So much affected ; strangor still to recognise in his last gift oae of tho curios wo had refused on the first day, and to know our friond, so gaily dressed, so plainly moved at our doparture, for ono of the halt nakod crow that had hesioged and insulted us on our arrival ; strangest of all, porhaps, to find in that carved handle of a fan, tlio last of tlioso curiosities of the first day which had not all beon givon to us by thoir pos sessors — thoir chief merchandise, for whioh they had sought to ransom us as long as wo were strnngors, whioh they pressed on us for nothing us soon as we wore friends. Tho last visit was not long protracted. Ono after another they shook hands and got down into their oanoo ; when Hoka turnod his back immediately upon the ship, so that wo saw his faeo no moro. Tnipi, on the other hand, remained standing and facing us with valedictory gestures ; and when Captain Otis dipped tho onsign tho wholo party saluted with thoir hats. This was tho farewell. The episode of our visit to Anaho was held concluded, and though tho Cscao remained nearly 40 hours at her mooringB, not ono returned on board, and I am inolined to think thoy avoided appearing on tho beaoh. This resorvo and dignity is tho finest trait of tho Marquesan. 