CHAPTER It. Now it so happened that towards the end of the month, in consequence of the absence of one of our officers, I was detained somewhat later than usual at the barracks. I did not mind this, as the moon was almost at the full, and a gallop by moonlight was not a very disagreeable undertaking. One night when I was later than usual my horse ] Sultan suddenly became almost unmanag able, snorting and plunging violently, so that it was with some difficulty that I kept my seat. I peered into the darkness to ascertain the cause of his strange behaviour, but I could see nothing. Our well-bred steeds usually required a tight rein when passing the pigB rooting about in ths roods, but now Sultan's ears stuok up like ramrods, and his eyes were almost bolting out of bis head. Putting my hand on his neck to caress him I found that the poor j animal was in a cold sweat. It was evident that he was greatly terrified at something, i After a few more paces, which brought me j opposite the gate of "Oakhurst." he sud deuly stopped, almost throwing me over hiB . head. JuBt at this moment the moon, which had been hidden behind a cloud, shone out brightly, . and there, in the centre of the road, not I twenty yards away, and walking rapidly towards me, was" the figure ot a man ■ dressed in the style of nearly a century before. He wore a long, square-cut, light j blue coat, and a waistcoat of the same material, both coat and waistcoat being bound with gold lace and ornamented with gold buttons, knee breeches and stockings of a darker blue, and shoes with large glitteiing buckles, his hair was arranged in a tie wig, and his hat was a three-cornered chapeau bras. As I gazed in wonder at this strange figure the man crossed tlie road and placed his hand on the gate. He then turned suddenly, with the intention it appeared, of seeing if he was observed or followed. In these few Beoonds I had time to see that lie was a gentleman with strikingly handsome features and darlc grey eyes. The unutterable misery and pain in hiB eyes mode me shudder, for I felt that nothing but the deepest grief would cause such an agonized ex pression. The hand whicn rested on the gate j was small for a man and delicately white, and on his little finger he wore a handsome diamond ring, which flashed and sparkled in the moon light. Following the gaze of the stranger I now looked towards the bouse. The drawing-room was brilliantly lighted—every candle in the large chandelier appeared to be burning—30 that the room and its occupants were plainly seen from the road. Near the table in the centre of the room sat a gentleman of about middle age, and bending over him, with her hand on his shoulder, was a youug lady of great beauty. Her hair, raised high above her forehead, glittered with ornaments, and around her shapely throat she wore several rows of ! large pearls. Her dress was made of some rich brocaded material, cut square in the bodice, and though very old fashioned in style was very becoming. My heart now beat almost to suffocation, for I recognised in this lady the original of the portrait which had impressed us so much. A smile lighted up her face as she engaged in conversation with her companion, and she accompanied her remarks with very animated gestures. Stand ing by the lady was a little girl of about four years of age, evidently her daughter. Her hair hung in bright golden curls down tier back, and being dressed in the same old-faaliioned style as the elder lady she looked very quaint and pretty. She was looking up into the face of the man with a surprised, questioning ex tiression, as if not quite sure who he was, while te appeared to be trying to make friends with her, hut she received his advances shyly and retreated to her mother, against whom she loaned. The man now rose as if to retire for the j night, for he lifted the little girl in his arms and kissed her, and turning to the lady kissed her warmly 011 the cheek and was kissed in return. Then occurred an awful tragedy, which I see as plainly now as when it happened, and which never fails to recur to iny memory every j year as the day comes round. While my attention had been engaged by the occupauts of the room the stranger had entered the gate and approached the window, standing a little in the shade. Now, in a moment before the friends had turned from each other, before I could do auythiug to pre- I vent the tragedy which I saw impending, he stepped rapidly to the window and fired two shots in quick succession. The lady so lately full of life and health fell with a shriek on the couch, blood welling from her side and stain ing her dress. The man threw up his arms j and fell where he had been standing with a deep groan. Then followed a muttered curse from the murderer, and all had disappeared and the house was in total darkness. Sultan shot forward with a terrified snort, and the next thing that I remember was having my hands chaffed by Mice, who told me that I had fallen from my horse in a swoon a few j yards from my own door. "It's Mister Fergus ye have seen, yer ! honor; Sultan, jwor beast, is well nigh oot of j liis wits with fright; lean on me shoulder, master dear." I leant on Mike a shoulder, for I was unable I to walk alone, and with bis assistance I leached my bedroom, to which I was confined for several days, for in my fall I had received a severe bruise on the hip, and truth compels I me to add, ray nerves were severely shaken. | The first day that I was able to walk I went | down to the stables, to see how my horse fared, and finding Mike about, as I had expected, I again asked him to tell me the story of j Oakhurst. 1 Forgetting the exclamation about Mister j Fergus that he had made in the excitement of the moment on the night of my adventure, he at first gave me an evasive answer. "Maybe its believing in ghosts yell be, master, and what would the mistress say!" he added slyly. " It was only they shadders yer honor that the moon makes ashinning through thim trees; horses is mortial frightened at tliim." But the evidences of my old senses seemed so conclusive that I had discarded all the usual theories about ghosts. I was quite aware Mike was trying to deoeive me in spite of his respectful manner, so I reminded him of his exclamation about Mister Fergus, and in sisted on his clearing up the mystery. When he found that I would take no denial he sub mitted to the inevitable, and as we walked to a seat in the garden I said— " Now Mike, I have written down what I, saw, and I will read it to you when we go I in." ' "The saints presarve us, master. No need of that, its meself as knows what ye saw." And with a visible effort he screwed up his courage and commenced his story. 