NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Pine. Clear. Shark story. Another strike. Siberian exiles. "Old Soldiers." Education report. News from Tonga. Railway syndicate. Lord Clonmel dead. Two miners buried. The Triple Alliance. Rioting at Bordeaux. Chicago moulders out. Slavin versus Sullivan. "By Mutual Consent." A startler for the 'Ouse. Indian drought broken up. Socialistic riot in Hungary. Gales in New South Wales. Crime in New South Wales. Victorian Parliament opened. Australian Natives last night. Railway collision at Chatham. The Chief Justice in England. Large shark caught yesterday. A city missionary claims £500. Jews forbidden to leave Warsaw. No-confidence motion in Queensland. A new tale commenced in to-day's issue. The vermin nuisance resurrected by Giles. Ghosts walked in the Assembly on Tuesday. Borrowing a bit more of the Opposition policy. Mr. R. Kelly likely to develop into a great talker. Colored man committed suicide in Mel- bourne. 1,800 people travelled on the Hills railway on Monday. Gold payments suspended in the Argentina Republic. Lord Kintore favors land-grant railways and Chinamen. Mr. Hague knows his Bible better than he does his Burns. The new member for Wallaroo speaks earnestly and well. Thirty-five Royal Engineers injured in the Chatham collision. "To talk against time is neither an act of mercy nor necessity." J. Marsden Sutcliffe is the author of the new tale commenced in this issue. Messrs. Osman and Horn the only absentees from the Assembly on Tuesday. His Excellency is giving his impressions of his visit to the Northern Territory. Mr. R. Kelly made a very indiscreet re- ference to trades societies on Tuesday. The steamer Wendouree, which left Hobart on Friday night for Sydney, is missing. Oratorical Parsons slew a number of educa- tional phantoms in the House yesterday. Chief Justice Way has been spending the recess at Wycombe with Lord Carrington. The Parnellite delegates have been received with the utmost enthusiasm in New York. 13,000 passengers were carried on the Port, Semaphore, and Largs Bay line on Monday. J. Marsden Sutcliffe, the author of the new tale procured for Express readers, is a brilliant writer. It is denied that England has taken part in the Triple Alliance between Germany, Austria, and Italy. Mr. Grainger is evidently determined to champion the cause of his inexperienced colleague. The performance of the Handel Festival was given before 20,000 people in the Crystal Palace yesterday. Won't the re-sale of the re-purchased land lead to the re-accumulation of large estates? Eh, Honest Tom? "Free education may be expected to have a good effect in improving the average attendance at public schools." Sir John Downer on Tuesday prefaced an argument as to the Speaker's ruling with "If your honor pleases." The Factories Bill, which recently passed through the House of Commons, has been read a first time in the Lords. Mr. Glassey, a labor representative in the Queensland Assembly, will move a want of con- fidence motion next week. A monsoon has burst over Bombay, and the drought concerning which there had been muck uneasiness has broken up. "The fees paid by parents last year amounted to £24,641 2s. 3d., of which £14,920 15s. 4d. was retained by teachers." Mr. R. Kelly followed Mr. Nicholls on Tues- day to prove how much better he can talk than the new member for Wallaroo. The Stock Exchange of Adelaide have taken the premises recently occupied by Messrs. D. and W. Murray, in McHenry-street. The King of Tonga, in his speech at the opening of Parliament, expressed a wish that the religious discussions would now cease. An attempt is being made by the various athletic clubs of England and America to arrange a match between Slavin and Sullivan. Sir John Downer opposes the Land Values Bill on the kindly ground that it will press hardly on the poorer classes, don't you know! Pensions of £200 a year have been granted to Mrs. Grimwood and Mrs. Quinton, whose husbands were recently murdered by the rebels at Manipur. Weather forecast for to-day:—"Fine, but cloudy; tending to becoming unsettled on south coastline. Variable and light winds (chiefly northerly) and calms." The jury disagreed in the case of Edward Mirams charged with embezzling the money of the Victorian Postal Department, and Mirams will be retried in July. A bachelor died in New York, leaving over a million sterling. Three men and two women are in custody charged with attempting to secure the money by palming off a young woman as his widow. The average percentage gained in the public schools as the result of the inspectors' exami- nations was 79.26 per cent., ana in provisional schools 74.05, being an increase of 2.63 and 2.02 per cent, respectively. "That part of Alexandra Land, the interests of which are far more closely identified with those of Adelaide than with those of Port Darwin, ought unquestionably, at any rate, to be included within our territorial limits." The King of Greece may ere long resign his throne in favor of his son and settle in Eng land. The King has made a large fortune by Stock Exchange speculations, and is said to be the head of a commercial house in London. Errors less likely to attract notice are, according to Inspector Clark, "the imperfect sounding of vowels, as 'gaime' for 'game' 'gow' for 'go,' and a somewhat nasal pro- nunciation of the 'ow' in such words as 'brown.' " Sir E. T. Smith's argument against free education was based on the different effects it would have on a poor Roman Catholic con- stituent with nine children, all of whom he would have to pay for, and a comfortably situated Protestant with two youngsters, who would be educated gratuitously. "While Lord Kintore continues at the head of the Executive in South Australia every Cabinet which is called upon to deal with troublesome questions affecting the well-being of the Northern Territory will feel it to be an advantage that the Governor has been at special pains to acquaint himself with the circum- stances and requirements of the country." 