PARS PITHILY PUT. Du Soir. Do Swear. Keighran. The spy np in The clock tower. Salvationists aboat. General Booth yesterday. Grand gathering at Prahran. l Ructions at tho jam factory. Prahran license question settled. Prahran bowlers allowed to sell liquor. ' The Prabran librarian asked to resign. 'Johnny 'Sundercombe under look and Sensational developments over the Prah ran library. The enthusiasm over General Booth not abated one bit. General Booth the guest of the mayor of Prahran yesterday. Several interesting items on pages four and five of this issue. City of Prahran Lodge of Freemasons meet to-morrow cveniog. This is the fifty-eighth birthday of tbe Hon. J. B. Paterson, M.P. ' The White Garland ' to be given nt the Malvern Sbire-ball on Friday night. The atmosphere of tho Prahran conncil was cloctrical on Monday afternoon. General Booth is tivt an orator. His influcncc lies in his ability as an organiser. Three thousand persons carried to Caul field on Saturday— 800 less than last year. Graham Borry^ old groccry shop in Toorak-road up for sale by auction yestcr day. Crs. Forbes and Fuller both absent from the Prahran council on Monday through illness. Prahran council endorses complaints of the Metropolitan Gas Company maldng its own meters. Our Literary 'Column is held over until Saturday, when au extra instalment will be given. Mr. J. E. Stewart, the 'ratepayers1 auditor,' and the Prabran councillors don't drink together yet. Another sccne at St. Matthew's Church, i When is Ibis deplorable 6tate of things | going to have an end 1 I The overdraft of the Prahran council a mounts to £2, r-85. There arc practically | no rates left collectable. I ' The Cricket ' is tbe title of an interest- ; ing story published on our fifth page , (supplementary sheet) to- day. | Prahran and Richmond have agreed to the erection of a suspension bridge over the Yarra at the cud ol Punt-road. Mr. A. Mendelsohn, has removed the offices of the St. Kilda Mont-Dc- Pictc to his new premises in High-street. Mr. J. J3. Stewort demands the pro duction of the Prabran valuation books. Council says he shan't have them. Meeting in the insolvent estate of Simeon S. Moses, of St. Kilda, held and closed on Monday, no creditors being present. Tenders arc called by the Public Works Department for the erection of new ont offices to the Malvcrn-road State-school. The Rev. 'W. G. Marsh will lecture on ' After Dark in London ' at St. Matthew's Sunday-school, Prahran, to-morrow evening. Did you try your hand at copying the letters on the face of that clock? Seethe result in Our Young Folks' column to-day. Shelter stand to be erected near the junction of the Chapel-street, Prabran, and Esplanade tramways for convenience of passengers. The Rev. T. J. Malyon, LiL.B.,ot byaney, preached bis farewell sermons at the South Yarra Baptist Church on Sunday last to large audiences. The Hon. W. Wilson, head of the firm of Wilson, Crosbic and Co., died at his resi dence, Dandenong-road, East St. Kilda, on Monday forenoon. Crowded and appreciative audience at the Prahran Town-ball last Friday night, when ' The White Garland ' and ' Little Boy Blue ' were given. Au amended order was made in the Prahran council on Monday, lo permit of j the construction of a sewer through the - Bosklcy Estate, Toorak. | Tlic arithmetical poser answered in Our ! Young Folks' columu to-day was supplied! by our old friend Parkyn, of South Yarra, i from whom we are always glad to hear. I Prahran bcnch tell a grocer that they I arc unanimously of opinion that a whole sale house hns ' got at him ' by selling him bad rum, and then fiuc him forsclling it, 1 Thomas Crossan, wbo had lost his savings 1 in the Premier Building Society and the ' ' South Melbouruc Building Society shot | 1 himself in the Albert Park on Saturday i morning. I Mrs. Isabella Bryer, of Ncwry-strcct, Windsor, while walking along Iligh'6Lrcct, Prahran, on Monday evening, had her haud lng snatched. Two men pursued the thief but failed to catch him. The A»jct in a virulent attack upon the Si/thtry JJnlfrtin on Saturday, says that its columns arc ' as full of infamy as a carrion crow is of maggots.' That's putting a good bullet in, if you like. A vote to be taken throughout the Malvern shire by the National Scripture Education League and the W.U.T.U. us to whether |uircnts approve uf scripture read ing lessons in state schools. The ghosts of the doomed p:ibseugcrs by tho ill-fated steamer ' Gambier ' will be delighted to know that the captains of the two colliding vessels having been fined in nominal penalties arc uow being petted and Jvtvtl. Anniveisary ol the Uuited Methodist Sunday-school, Windsor, ou Sunday last. The Rev. Mr. Williams preached morning and evening, and io the afternoon the Hcv. E. O. Knee conducted a flower service. Tea meeting la6t evening. John Thomson, decorator, of 278 Malvern road, Prahran, has filed his schedule, through illucss in family, losses on contracts, aud dulncss of trade. Debts, £180 3s. 7d.; assets, £7 lOs.j deficiency, £172 13s. 7d. i Mr. K. C. Anderson, assignee. 1 Marked chango. in the wind on Monday ; ailer the hot weather. There was also a marked change in the wind in the Prahran council on the same afternoon over the license question—only on that occasion, the heat came after the change, - St. Kilda Yacht Clab had a smoke night nt the George Hotel on Friday evening. The Hon. George Turner, cx-Cr. Barker, nnd W„ G. Mayer at the head of tbe table. ' And we're all jolly good fellows.' Joseph John Donovan, produce dealer of High- street, St. Kilda, i6 insolvent! Causes — Jepression in business, bad debts and inability to collect accounts. Debts, £171 lis. lid.; assets, £82 Is. lid.; defi ciency, £80 10s. | Louis Johnson, a bright youth who tried to get a pound note out of the licensee of Royal George Hotel by writing out an order for that amount in the name of a Melbourne hotel keeper, got off cheaply at the Prahran court on Monday. He was sentenced to three months, the sentence beiug suspended during good behaviour. Tbe Prabran council is plunged deeply in figures at the present moment, con bidcriug the estimates for the yoar. Cr. Watson wants them lo try and manage with a Is. !-d. rate this year, but councillors realise that they will have all their work cut oul to pull through with a ls.4d.oue. Great fan at the Red Cross Jam Factory, South Yarra, yesterday. Bailiffs' trying to effect an entrance—place barricaded and in a state of siege— laige crowd assembled— police under Senior-Constable Richardson, keeping order. Mr. Edward Weld, modeller, of Aigyle I street, St. Kilda, was melting some pitch on I Monday afternoon when the buoket burst ; the contents set fire to tbe workshop and the whole was burnt down, destroying a valuable stock of models and tools. The place wae insured for £500, WB VEST TO PA&T.; A girl ' A kiss A whirl Of bliss. In danoo. A wife, A glance A strife. So sly; . A row, ; A sigh, A bow. A walk, Divorce, A talk, Of coarse! The anniversary services in connection with the Toorak Wcslcyan Sunday-school were conducted on Sunday last by the Rev. E. H.Sngden,B.A., B.Sc. in the morning, and by the Bev. Arthur Powell in theafter noon and evening before large congregations, the anniversary being a perfect success. A tea and public meeting was held last - evening. ' ? ' ' John Rowc, an employe of a nightsoil contractor, was fined £5 with 6s. costs, or a month's imprisonment at the St. Kilda court yesterday for spilling nightsoil at the Balaclava railway station. Constable Dally and a porter were on the watch for bim, and saw him deliberately commit the offence. Mr. Muntz, C.E., haB severed his rather lengthened connection as engineer with the Boroondara council. Consequently, thcro is a vacancy there, and one of the candi* dates is Mr. R. W. Smellie, the assistant surveyor of Prahran. On Monday tho council of the latter city decided to give Mr. Smellie a testimonial, and councillors all round the chambcr bore testimony to the value of the services of that gentleman. There was a kind of friendly interchange of compliments, intermingled with iron bars and carving knives, in the household of Joshua Moxey, in Lyall-strcet, Balaclava, on the 24th ult. The upshot was that a | lodger named Patrick O'Mcally was taken to the hospital in an unconscious state, and the police arrested Moxcy. As be had had 6ome provocation he was let off at the St. Kilda court on the 10th inst. with a fine of 20s. Cr. Kelly, of St. Kilda, wants a lot from the Tramway Company for his money. He wants to get a transfer from Cbapcl-street, travel around the Esplanade tothc terminus, and then obtain another transfer up to Chapel- strcct. Then again he would like a transfer at the function to travel up High street. Cr. Jacoby, however, thinks the company has trcatca inc residents most handsomely already, and a motion sub* mitted by Cr. Kelly on the matter was withdrawn. A drunken driver from Richmond named T.Liddiard.on Thursday afternoon furiously drove down Chapel- street, Prabran, with tbe result tbat opposite the 'bus stables he camc into collision with another vehicle. The shock was so great that the shaft of his cart penetrated the other horse fully two feet and disembowelled it. Constable Wall shot the poor animal, and Liddiard was loeked up, and on Monday fined 10s, with 30s. C0St6. The Hon. George Turner is being urged strongly to bring in a bill to prevent such scandals as the gross miscarriage of justice as ocourred in the ' Gambier — Eosby ' collision case. Such a measure would bo welcomed, even if a hundred OncBillto catch-one-man's-votc were let go by the Board. Possibly at the same time Mr Turner might move the Cabinet to per manently ' suspend ' the members of tho two courts who conducted the investig ations. The great debate for the palm of triumph in the oratorical arena of the Southern Literary Societies Union, was successfully carried to an issue last Monday night, when tbe Armadale Wesleyan Literary Society debated (in the affirmative) the 41 Woman's Suffrage ' question, having the Prahran Congregational as their opponents. The debate resulted iu a victory for the Arma dale team. A fuller report will appear on Satnrday. Tbe committee . of tbe SL Kilda Ladies1 Benevolent Society report having relieved o5 cases weekly duriug the fortnight ending ]4(h November. The cases numbered 12fi adults and children. The adults com prised 2(t widows, 3 deserted wives, 4 mar ried couples, 111 aged and single individuals.. The expenditure for the fortnight was £2U 76\. 2d. Assistance in money will be gladly rcccivcd by the collector, Mrs. Collier, 9L Canterbury-road, Middle-park, or by the honorary treasurer, Mrs. Morrah, Princes* street, St. Kilda. Gifts of clothing may be sent to Mrs. Curric, ' Eildon,' Grcy-strect- St. Kilda. 