Bovellst. The Rajah's Vengeance. ? ? A STORY OF INDIA. By FREDERICK M. DEV. CHAPTER XIV. — Coxtixced ' When you are dead, Simiha !' 1 cried. 4 Ay, sahib, for I must die some time ; and now that my work is done, I feel that it 'will not be . very long before I leave you. Nurha iB happy, yon are happy, and in that happiness that has come to you bath 1 h&ve; found perfect content,absolate Mat. ' ftCOfc. At last tbe worst ot our journey was over. We reached the coast and embarked for home. I hesi tated at first about returning to my native land, because of tbe criminal charge that was hanging over me j bat Simrha's watchful care had foreseen that also, and I knew for the first time that, al though the real murderer had never been found, the «3.thorities kad been satisfied of .his goiltand my entire innocence, and that I could return with sntfejr. 'A. J. But the story, of the murder— the strange way J jwMclt-the riy attires of Aaron Prime and Jacob *^fcca1-leiacideiitfi through which 1 badpassed were not made clear to me. The explanation came at last, however, when I wjpened the envelope given me by Simrha and read ?what it contained. It told the story of a strange ttle, lull of stern resolve and loving devotion. I . will te-tell it. CHAPTER XV. THE STOEY OF SIMBHA. The words which my noble friend Simrha spc-ka to me jest before we left India for America werj ?frue ; his presentiment was realised, and from ?the time we embarked he began to lose that ? wonderful strength and e3ergy which were his -«bief characteristics. It was in vain that Nurha and I endeavoured *£o aroaee him from the increasing lethargy. He would seaiio sadlv, and say : 1 It is cot bsst to bid me stay when I am called to go.' He kept us near him constantly, never tiring of seeing us together, never weary of gazing on our perfect happiness, but he grew steadily weaker weaker. The ship's doctor, whom I insisted upon calling j to ilia side, shook bis head and told as that there I was nothing the matter ; that the weakness and j lethargy would pass away ere long and leave him ? without a sigu. Ay, and so they did, for one evening when we i ^ were in the middle of the ocean, as Nurha and I asuated him to his state-room, he bade as enter trit& him. 4 Nurha,' he &aid;, when we were inside and tbe door was closed behind us, ' we are parting for the last time. I shall sleep to night never to wake again in this world. The days of ray life, though not many, have been fulfilled^ and in bringing happiness to yon I have crowned : them with perfect success. Tears ago, when I was l but a boy, and you, Nurha, were a tender babe, I rfell nponmy knees and prayed with ail the fervonr :.and intensity of my nature. 1 prayed that 1 i might be given knowledge and strength and f orce j \- j- - j knowledge and the strength to carry ont my work, \- --and with its accomplishments my life ends. It ia ! -meet that it should; I would prefer it so,for even j an death I will watch me r yon continually. Do motmouni forme; think of me as absent, not : ... ?? . -d«sad, for we but pari for a time to he re united. Kiss me«nd then leave us, for X have a word to say to the sahib.* ? ' She sank gently uponlier knees at his side, and ' V for. a 'moment hurried -her face iu the pillow 'agamstwhichhe wasreclining. Then suddenly lifting her 'head as %be cried : -- ' Simrha;— Simrha— ttil me who youare ! Tell ane wny j-iore.you so strangely, ana yet with a new — a different love from all else.* _ . * No, child ; no, Nurha — not now. When 1 am gone ti-e 'Baliib will tell you. Believe ine, it is better so.\ She did not repeat her request, but she threw herarinsarsundhis neck and-kissedhim tenderly. Then, rising to her feet, ebe said : Jitis liardri&Tt0;*^ youhavetold me . .. ;np^nd_*i'*^p^;* ;»nd'' bending forward yet again, shie pressed Tier* lips to ; his forehead, and _ «fom turned without another word and left as. ' ?Sahib.'said Simrha.when we werealone, ? ' have you the - sealed envelope 1 gave you in India?' I bowed in reply. r * It is weil, for it contains sll that you wish to -3k WW. NoWj Coine where I can place 'my hands which to-morrow will be buried in the sea- | Adieu, sahib.' \- God bless you, Simrha !' 1 cried chok ingly. 'It is all one— your God and mine,' he -said, slowly; 'and be assured that Ho has indeed blessed me. That he may bless youand her whom you lave shall be my last prayer. Adieu, sahib, adieu.* I fell upon my knees before him,, and I, too, pressed my lip3 to his forehead, then rose and rushed blindly- away. On the morrow we found him there dead, and later in the day his body was consigned to the unfathomable depths cf the ocean. That night, with Nurha at my side, 1 broke the seal of the envelope, and read what he had written there. I will give it in his own words exactly as he had written it : ' ' I know, sahib, that my life's work is done ; I know that tho number of my day s are counted neatly to the end, and I deem it best to take this mode of-- communicating to. you. rather than by Celling it,and «o adding to theaorrowof the part - Ingtbat must wra.e. . i1 1 amthe first born to~U ndta's mother, and she was thenext andlast ; therefore we are brother and sister, although she has no knowledge of the existence of a bear relative. * Wnat little j&he; knows about her family 1 have [ told her. | ' 'We came of an accursed race, according to tbe rites of the Hindoo faith, owing to the mix« tore of blood in oar veins, and as our mother's mother was starved to death by the Rajah Nah manha's father, so my mother grew up to woman hood in constant fear and blighted by never end ing aversion. Her own kin h8ted her, but there came one who loved her, a young prince of a neighbouring state, and the Rajah was compelled io consent to their union. ' I was the first child bom to them, and a con stant guard was kept over me until I was twelve years old, for Nahmanha had sworn that the mixture of Wood should not be perpstuated, and many attempts were made to end my frail young life. However, at the age of twelve I was stolen from my mother's side and hurried away to tbe mountains, where I was to be put to death. But I was hardy and strong and canning, snd 1 sac ceeded in escaping from my captors and eluding them entirely. 4 Daring two years I was a veritable wild bay, living in the mountains, subsisting on such food as I could find ; and then, feeling that I would not be recognised, I made my way to the Rajah's palace — the home of my enemy. * I do not know what power attracted me there but I went, without fear, and became one of the retainers, and have continued there ever since. ' Two years later Nurha was born, her mother giving up her life for hers, and a month later my father was bitten by a cobra and died. ' The Rajah Nahmanha at once saw the oppor tunity he desired, and the babe, Nurha, was placed, defenceless as she was, in tbe diabolical garden of poisons. * It was many months before I knew of it, but when it did come to my knowledge I went away out into the mountains where I could find solitude and, falling nponmy knees, 1 swore that 1 would devote my life to Nurha — to the work of freeing iier from the terrible thraldom of the poisons— ?'» f m 1 '? * - 'J iff na ? - ' 1 her«ake— She was the only one left of my family, and 1 swore that 1 would one day see her in the enjoymentof happiness. That day lias come at last 1 ' I worked and studied with all my strength and mind. In my youthful ardour I undertook to master au ine sources oi Knowledge, deter mined at least to know all that the Rajah Nah manha knew. 'Erelong I attracted his attention, and he taught ma much that I could not have learned ?isewhere, and gave me the privilege of his library which was very extensive and complete. 1 studied flowers and horticulture generally, and surrepti iously obtained many of the Rajah's notes, made while he was creating the Princess's Garden. I used to glove my hands and cut slips from many of the poison plants, and carry them away with me to the mountains, where I had resolved to raise i a garden where some day I could take Nurha j when I should have stolen her. ! ' My knowledge of the Rajah's science became 1 very great — greater than his own, though he never j suspected it. Bat he found that I had a quick j mind, and he taught me many of the occult mys teries of which he was master, and, I, myself, | unaided by auv one, discovered a powder, lighter i than gas, which, when suddenly blown into the air when no breeze was stirring, formed itself into an impenetrable veil impossible to see through, and therefore rendering a person behind it in visiole. It will float for a long time, but gradu ally absorbs oxygen, aud settles down until the way is once more open. It has served me well many times, having saved me from discovery by the Rajah often. It enabled me to elude the searchers aboard the steamship ; it enabled me to 6eize the envelope from your hand in the Paris hotel when you were about to break the seal, and yet escape detection by the person who brought it to you. Had you opened that envelope you would have been blinded for ever by the powder which would have flown into your eyes from it ; it finally enabled us to escape the horde of the Rajah's followers, concealing us while they dashed onward through the mountain pass. ' Among the arts of which 1 became mastnr vraa that of mesmerism, so called— the jsower of mind jbver;.mind-— the projecting power of '/the ' will, and that also has - served me well, and you, sahib. * Tue Rajah possessed entire confidence in me, and I wasentrustedwith many secret and delicate missions for him,~bat never once did I allow my self to forget tho oath l had taken — never once did I relax that eternal vigilance which I well knew to be the price of Nurha's liberty. ' In a moment of unusual confidence he related to me the story of Reuban Cogswell and my grand mother, audi then knew for the first time why it was that he had sought to take my life. * The knowledge that Reuben Cogswell still lived, and near him others who were possessed of this secret — the taint of foreign blood in his family — was a continual thorn in the Rajah s side, which he finally resolved to plack out and destroy by putting to death all who shared the deadly knowledge. ' Since the time of his father, who was even more cruel than he, though not so learned, he had kept himself well informed concerning the Americans he hated, and at last formed the resolution I have referred to, and one Dhara and myadf were selected to carry out the awful work. . '* Dhara was a' canning, unscrupulous villain -- possessing enough general knowledge and educa tion to make him dangerous, and Irs was, more - over, a master-hand at disguises. It Was he who Jdiled Aaroa Prims and Jacob Hurley, and who during your entire journey from America to India bo persistently sought your life. 1 knew that I could better defend you by remaining in the background and keeping up my intercourse with ' him. * 'Who n X engaged myself to you as your servant it was lor the double purpose of studying your i character further than 1 had the opportunity of dou-g,fcnd of persuading youtoheed the warnings ^rOU would af 5*rw*rde cccelve from me, although X would till yon -while at fcld'ijim » L € l v - 'f ' ; that you- were -an adept iu the. black .arts; that yon could fotesee disaster, and so avoid it,' and he finally came to believe it when the letter was snatched from your hand by an unseen power in the Paris hotil, and he was turned into an imovable and powerless living statue by the force of my will as he was about to plunge his knife into your, heart. ' From that time on ha was afraid of you, and made no further attempt upon your life until he pat the snake in your, blanket in the camp near Bombay. It was your quick wit saved you then, for though T w«ls near 1 would have been tool&te.; But he was killed by his own weapon, for in turning the snake from ttie basket it stung him upon the wrist. The ball that you fired did him no harm ; nevertheless, in half an hour he wa» dead. * To return, when the Sejah told me that 1 was to set out to America on his dastardly errand I could do nothing but obey. To disobey would have meant death me, and, on the other hand, I knew that I could never hope to return to the palace of the lisjah while those whom lie had doomed to death still lived, and that I would been necessary for the sake of returning toSurha I do not deny. But it was not necessary, for Dhara did the deed even sooner than he had said he would. - . ' You will be surprised to know that I made my home in the old Cogswell mansion ; that nightly I put you, all unknown to yourself, into a deep mesmeric sleep, and then roamed at large over the hrjse. ' I read all the papers which Reuben Cogswell had left for you, and thus became as thoroughly acquainted with yo-ur purpose as you yourself, I also studied and knew your character as well as my own, ancUl found it to be lofty and noble and true. ' Then it was that I saw the solution of a pro blem which I never before had been able to solve — the reclamation of Kurha from the poisons which infested her. ' Yoa were going to India in search of her, as directed by the papers which Reuben Cogswell left. That you would love her 1 never doubted, and if you could teach her to love you in return with the passion of which I knew her to be capable, then I felt that icy battle would be won, for, as 1 have already explained, the existence of perfect sympathy bstweea her and another and stronger person only could effect the desired result. ' In the meantime you were basetting Prime and Hurley for- their signatures to tho document Cogsweil had left bahind, and they kept putting you ofi from time to time, until finally they gave a promise to meet you at nine o'clock on a certain evening. ' I was pleased at that, for I greiilv desired that you should settle your affairs and start for India without delay. But in the meantime Dhara, who was Hitting about from place to place like an evil spirit, had become very restless and impatient at the delay, and on the day you had secured the promise from the two men he told me that he intended to kill them that night, cr twenty-four hours before the time appointed for I your meeting. * For a moment even 1 'was at fault regarding the best course to be pursued under the circum stances, bat suddenly, when almost in despair^ j for I knew that Dhara would fulfil his threat if he -?3uia, an idea^iTac^^na yiuch out, and it perfectly explains t5e seemingly inex plicable mystery regarding their signatures to ibis document. ' I knew that your signature was as necessary to them as theirs were to you, and that night — the night before they were killed by Dhara— I put you into a deep mesmeric sleep, as usual, soon after it had grown dark, and thc-n, taking the necessary papers with me from your pocket, I left you and hurried away to the house of Aaron Prime. ' Fortune favoured me, for 1 found Jacob Hurley with him. ' Of course they did not know me, but 1 repre sented myself as a-friend of yours who had jast arrived with news which made it necessary for you to leave in the early morning, telling them that ycu had given me the papers, and had toid me to get their signptures to them, or, failing to do so, to destroy them before their eyes, letting the money lie in tbe bank and rot away, of no use to anyone. ? They hesitated, and I went and held one of . the papers over the lamp, but before it could take fire they both consented. If 1 used my powers somewhat to hasten them, it was in a good cause, and without their knowledge. At all events, the signatures were secured and the papers were exchanged, and I returned again to the old Cogs well mansion and replaced the document in your pocket. ' On the night following, at the appointed time, you went to the mill office to meet them, knowing nothing of what I had done, it so happening that Dbara had been unable to put his purpose into execution until that evening, so that when you put in an appearance you found Aaron Prime lying dead upon the fioor,and were accordingly in despair. ' When you returned to your home 1 was fear ful lest yon would destroy the document without looking at it, now that you believed it worthless, and accordingly from the closet behind the fire place where I was wont to conceal myself I exer ? ? nn-. .nn .nj 1,„{ ? ? ViNU Uij jjvnca uiw JVU) ouu uoiuio you, 1 forced you to see the face of your old friend, and so sent you out upon; your second journey. ? i followed behind you through the storm and Compelled youinimaginatibnto meetthepeoplel you sought, transact ths business in due form,aad come away, Although 1 paused long enough to take the papers bearing your signature from the two corpses, one of which you did not discover, I reached Cogswell's mansion first. When looking back through the window, after leaving the oflice and transacting the business as you supposed, ii was an effort of your own will, as mine was for the instant relaxed. ' The remainder is no mystery to you. You returned once more to the mill, satisfying yourself that Prime was a corpse, afterwards making some foolish admissions which brought about your arrest. ' But I was able to' release you, and went into Boston by the same train as yourself, feeling sure that you would take it. ' Now, sahib, I have done. My work is com pleted; and you, having borne out my judgment of you from the first7 have rescued Nurha from Nahmanha's power, and have taught her that happiuess and content which passeth all under standing. ' When you peruse this.£imrha will be no more, but throughout all . eternity the blessing of Simtha will hover like an angel of mercy and love over and around both you and Nurha ! Adieu !' ? ?» * * ? ? Thus were explained the strange circumstances whichliad surrounded me for many months, and although ^imrha'B written linos made plain ihe mystery ojf that terrible tiight of tempest when Prime and Hurley were slain, I could never break entirely^ loose bom the tincanny feelings which took possession of me^ whoa I th6nght,inaH seriousness, that I had entered into a bargain with ghosts. * ? » Fair weather took us 6 wif tlyon our way over the space that separated us from my native dimfe, so iu due time we were sitting together Nurha and log fire, in ih& great febit hHl ipcgSwdl aiktftion. -ffifiKb' \- r - ; . HerIgreat, tender, loving eyes reflected the rich colours from, the ..fireplace. My arm was around her perfect form, and her queenly head rested on my shoulder. 'Nurha, my wife,' 1 said, witV a loving hesi tancy in pronouncing the new title she bore, 4 is there anything wluch life lacks cow to fill your cup of happiness to the brim ?' ' Nothing,' she replied, ' nothing — you have brought me out from a world of sadness into a paradise of constant joy.' She rose from the low seat at my side, and swung herself round until her face hung just beneath mine, as it had long ago in tbe porch of the cottage in the Princess's Garden, with her soft arms clinging around my neck. Slowly, tenderly, lovingly, she drew my face down towards hf=r, raising her own to meet it, until our lips were melted together by the hot kiss of purest, passionate love. Oar eyes closed, and exquisite ecstasy flashed back and forth from her heart to mine, and from -znise back to hers, as our two beings were merged into eae, and it throbbed and breathed and sighed in a llood of perfect, delicious, overpowering jcy and bliss. _ And thus were two lives crowned with the dia dem of happiness. 'the ekd. 