Theatrical Topics. The Columbia liink ia orowded nightly by the lovers of the roll-r. On Monday the floor was covered from opening to the closing time, and the patrons tli -roughly enjoyed themselves. Great fun was caused through the beginners, of whom tbwro are numbers to be seen on the floor at all times. They must bo seen to be approbated, and they take their tumbles in very good part, and at the same time causing roars of laughter. A fait share of support was accorded by holiday seekers to the Queonsport Aquarium, There was a marked laok of unpleasant crowd ing about the grounds, which made it all the more enjoyablo for those who witnessed the programme of sport provided for the day's amusement. Concert room, dancing hall, and the multifarions shows at hand to while away the time, wore all well patronised, and proved more than sufficient to render the day's outing thoroughly enjoyable. The chief feature of attraction, however, had to be postponed. Owing to the damage done to the balloon used by Prof esBor Fernandez on the previous Saturday, it oonld not repaired^ in time for a moonlight ascent, end this portion of the entertainment has been postponed until Saturday afternoon. The Dan Barry Dramatio Company produced the well-known Irish comedy ♦♦Arrah-ua Pogue," at the Theatre Royal on Friday and Saturday to good houses, and the varione per formers were frequently applauded The pieoe was well put on the stage, and went with a swing which has characterised the provious representations by this company. The manage ment most have been highly gratified at the reception they met with on Monday on changing their location from the Theatre Royal-to the Opera Boose. Before 8 o'clook the lower parts of the house and the family circle were fairly paoked, while the dress circle took the overflow from those ports, and was also filled, scarcely a seat being vacant. The pieoe obosen for the occasion was the sensa tional drams, " After Dark," a play showing the light and Bhade of London life, and giving ample scope for those taking part in it to appear, to advantage. "After Dark" has since been repeated. Oat Sydney correspondent wired on Monday: The farcical comedy "Jane" met with an enthnsiaBtio reoeption at the Criterion Theatre on 8atnrday. Miss Janet Aohnroh and her oompany reproduced Grove and Merivale's fine comedy. "Forget Me Not." at th« aArriW comedy, "Forget Me Not," at the Garrich Theatre op Saturday. The "Bella of Haale mere " Is still running tolgood houses at the Royal. The ." Oorsioan Brothers" ia still being well attended at Her Majesty's. Madame Sara Bernhardt has arrived in Australia, and opens at the Prince?a Theatre, Melbourne, to-morrow (Saturday) evening, in "Camilla." The Sydney Daily Telegraph re ports that the booking for the season has been deoidedly good. About £1,000 worth ol eesBon tiokets were sold at £12 eaob, of which one lady Beoured six, and another buyer five. The sale of seats for the first night took place subsequently on the stage of the theatre. The unsold dress oircle seats were taken at price* varying from 60*. to 16a, tho average price being £1 each. The stalls fetohed from 26s. to 16s., whilst a few were sold as low as 12s. 6d The Melbourne papers predict from this a suc cessful season, and the more so because the tragedienne only plays 24 nights before leav ing for Sydney. The Glasgow Bailie records the prodaotioi of " The English Rose" in that city, with MRa Graoie Warner in the name cart. Froken Nathalie Henrichsen's new play " Without Regard," has been accepted by tb Royal Theatre la Copenhagen, where It will b shortly produced. Fru Magdalene Thoresen's play, 11 Withii Doors." had recently bean played at the Dag mar Theatre, Copenhagen, and has met with very flattering reception. For April 8, 11 Linda Gray," a five-ac drama by the late Sir Charles Young, was an noonoed for production at the Princess1 Theatre, with Mrs. Langtry in the title role. Mr Willard has achieved the distinction c having fulfilled the longest engagement in No York of any English ac*or, having played fc 22 consooutive weeks at Palmer's Theatre i thatoity. Mr. Charles Ooghlan has written a ne opmedy named 11 The Gray Mare," which h sister, Miss Rose Ooghlan, will put into r< hearsal for production daring her season at tl Madison square Theatre, New Tork. Mrs. John Drew, the aotress, is now, by hi own frank confession, 71 years of age. 8ho 6 till playing ia Mr. Jefferson's oompany; bi when he takes up "Rip Van Winkle" ont more, aa she thinks he may in a y6ar or twi she may abandon the Btage, on which she begs her career as a ohild of three. Mr. Wilson Barrett intends Bhortly to pr duoe " Bolphegor" at the New Olympi Pending its preparation, "Hamlet" will I revived, with Miss Emory as the Ophelia, at the manager, of course, as Hamlet. 11T3 Lights o' London" has not had a long core at its new home. \- Mr. Had don Chamber's "Pipe of Peace, which has been accepted by Mr. Alexander, a short two-aot play, and will probably b* pe formed at one of tho "afternoons" at the S James's. It is founded on a story of M Chambers's which was published in tl " Argosy." Mr. Augustas Harris, the well know theatrloal manager, is preparing a mw sonsi tlon for the Londoners. Ho una taken tl grounds at Olympia (wLioh oover somethiti like 20 acres), where ho is to prcdnco 41 Vor.i< in London." The wholo of the extoLtm grounds will be dug up and flooded with wate A Venetian street with bridges will be buil and gondolas will ply upon the oanals whioh wi (m oonitruoted. A sew opera by M. Massenet, the libretto being by M Jean'.'Richepm, entitled 14L9 Mage/' w&b; produced at the Paris Opera on March 16 The hero is Zoroaster, and Mr. Marion Crawford, tho novelist, declares, it is stated, that M Richepin has plagiarised him, and ho has served a summons oa the directors, forbidding them to perform the work. Lydia Thompson tolte this story : When last iq England she went to the Lyceum, and during tho performance overheard the following dia logue between two well dressed Yankee ladies. 11 Quito too vice, isn't bo ?" said one, referring to Mr Irving. 14 Yea," said tho other1 41 but I guess he's rather weak about tho knees." 44 Oh," was the reply, 14 that's only his Mr. "Edward Terry has once more sought the ossistanc* of Mr. Pinoro in a moment of diffi onlty Having no novelty* wherowith to replace | 14 In Chancery," whioh had been placed in the programme on the failure of Mr. Arthur Law's' farcical comedy, he has fallen back upon that amusing old three-act force, 44 The Rocket," ' written more than half a dozen years ago for Mr. Terry. The play is admirably acted on : this occasion, and not on 3 of its humorons, poiatsia missed by those concerned in its pre- ; sentation. 1 The Vienna correspondent of the Qwen of April 10 writes: The attractions of hleran, | that beautifully sheltered place at the foot of tho , Tyrolese Alp?, aro beoomiog morerainifold tbi^ I season. A great patriotic drama on tbo Hues of the PasBiou Play at Oberammergau, written by Charles Wolf, will be performed, and is snre to rouse the popular patriotism, as it represents the Andreas Hofer tragedy, enacted in 1809 by the victorious Napoleon under peculiarly impredrive circumstances. The scene is close to tho place where the hero lived, and whence he bravely defended bis country until, over whelmed by superior numbers, he was taken prisoner and sbot. About 41 Ghosts," the first experiment pre sented by tbe Independent Theatre, the less B&id;, perhaps, the better (says the European Mail). If Mr. Grain and his followers do not want to establish an English version of tbe Theatre Libre, in order to produce plays whioh from their objectionable character would not be tolerated at any of the ordinary theatres, one can only say that they made an unfortunate choice for their firal performance- 44 Ghosts," as a fitady ia psychology or *e a philosophic treatise on certain facta in human nature, may have its merits but as a dramaa.' v ork it has none, its crowning sin fc«>m the playgoer's point of view, bring that it ia unutterably dull and long-winded, as all Ibsen's plays are. It was well aoted, partly by amateurs, and the Ib3enites were, of course, delighted, but that any other goodr 66ult came of the performance we do not believe. 