RELIGIOUS NOTES. The death (which was announced in February) of the Rev. William Evans, of Tonyrefail, the " patriarch of the Welsh pulpit," has removed one of the oldest ministers in Great Britain, as he had reached the advanced age of 96. When he began to preach the Welsh Calvanistic Methodists were accustomed to attend the parish churches for sacramental services. He was ordained in 1825, but never held a pasto- rate. As an itinerant preacher, however, he laboured abundantly. The recently appointed secretary of the Salvation Army Emigration Scheme is Colonel Thurman, who, curiously enough, has pioneered the army in the three Southern continents— namely, South Australia, South Africa, and South America. This experience will be of great use to him in his present position. The library of the late Archbishop of York, consisting of some 6000 volumes, comes to the hammer in a few weeks' time. Canon Raine, the well-known antiquarian, says it is rich in theological and scientific works, the result of careful collection for many years. In a sympathetic notice of the late Dean Pumptre which appears in the Record, it is stated that it was by means of his verses that his labours and his brilliant career came under this notice of royalty, with the result that he unexpectedly received the offer of the Deanery of Wells. The emoluments were too small to afford the means of adequately fulfilling its duties, but the results of Dr. Plumptre's previous industry enabled him to do this. He is under- stood to have left some portion of his voluminous correspondence on literary subjects along with other papers for publication. The Roman Catholic Church is making rapid advances in the west of 'England. At Teign- mouth there are now a monastery, convent, and public chapel. At Sidmouth is a convent, built strange to say, by a lady who always attended the Congregational Church. The New York Christian Advocate says that it has known the gift of a piano to a college secure a degree for a man who could not translate the language in which the degree was couched. PRESBYTERIAN ORTHODOXY IN AMERICA. The Rev. Dr. Charles A. Briggs, of New York, has been appointed to a new chair in the Union Theological Seminary, where he has long taught.. The chair is one of Biblical Theology, and it has been endowed by means of a gift of $100,000. Dr. Briggs, according to the New York Observer, declared, " in a firm and clear voice, that he solemnly and sincerely received and adopted the Westminster Confession of Faith as containing the doctrine taught in the Holy Scriptures." During this declaration the directors all stood. Dr. Briggs then read an exhaustive discourse on the authority of the Scriptures, in the course of which he said that the greatest sin against the Bible had been the neglect of the ethics of Jesus, and that Tolstoi's complaint, that Christians thought that Jesus did not mean what He said, was severe but true. Dr. Briggs said also that there were errors in the Scriptures which nobody had been able to explain away, and that the theory that they were not in the original text is sheer assump- tion, upon which no mind can rest in certainty. " The Bible nowhere makes this claim, the creed of the Church nowhere sanctions it ; it is a ghost of modern evangelicalism to frighten the children." Dr. Briggs (remarks the British Weekly) never speaks without saying many wise and some foolish things, but the point to be noted is that while he is more daring in his heterodoxy and more offensive in his style of lan- guage than any of the Presbyterian " heretics" in this country, the American Presbyterian Church, which is constantly boasting of its orthodoxy, has never laid a finger upon him, and now acquiesces in his promotion to a more lucrative position. Does not this show that the theological situation in America is much what it is here ? A NEW ARGUMENT FOR THE ANTIQUITY OF GENESIS. A very extraordinary argument for the antiquity of the book of Genesis is given by the learned Professor Margoliouth in the February number of the Churchman in the course of a review of Canon Girdlestone's " Foundations of the Bible." " In the ' Knights' of Aristophanes," says the professor, " a play acted in the year 424 B.C. (line 635), a speaker invokes a number of strange deities, all of them patrons of folly, among whom are the Bereschethi. Bothe, an editor of no great merit, but of some genius, says on that word (the import and origin of which are wholly unknown), There was a time when I derived this word from the Hebrew Bereschith, and thought that the Jews were ridiculed as Bereschethi by the Babylonians and Persians, as people who were constantly repeating the Hebrew word with which their Pentateuch commences ; and that a faint rumour of this usage having reached the Greeks, the foolish and superstitious were generally called Bereschethi. This explanation, though in some details it may have to be modified, seems in the main quite satisfactory and convincing. Doubtless among the 400,000 slaves who worked in Athens at this time were some of those, or the descendants of some of those, whose exportation into ' Javan' rouses the indignation of the Pro- phets. That, then, which in after-days was ' foolishness to the Greeks,' is here for the first time ridiculed as a slavish superstition by the same poet who ridicules the deities of the Thracians and the Scythians. But if in the year 424 the first word of the Pentateuch was so familiar on Jewish lips that it could either serve as a nickname of the people or as the title of their religion, the document which contains that word cannot then have been very recent. The superior importance of positive evidence to negative of authoritative tradition to hypotheses best calculated to explain the facts, will probably in the advance of critism be more recognised than it is now." 