GENERAL BOOTH’S SCHEME. TO THE EDITOR. —Yours, &c.;, VALENTINE POWER. Allendale, 26th November. SIR,—Your correspondent “Pro Bono Publico" calls attention to an old Latin proverb, “Vox populi vox Dei.” Will this proverb stand the teat of truth in every in- stance. We think not. As the mass of the people are liable to turn in a day. Is the f oice of the people, the press, or the proola watlon that has issued from the Trades’ Hall the “Vox Dei?” No. What are the grounds upon which there is such a ghost of 00 objection raised ? Again the immoral objections that are brought forward exist only in the imaginations of the objectors. Competition, shouts one; the bringing down of wages, another. Is this vast island continent to be monopo lised by a mere handful of people, seeing here is such a vast area of land lying idle, land that God in the fulness of time has ebown us that we should utilise for the benefit of humanity. This land, which ongnt to be brought under cultivation— .* .reno cattle is—is hurtful to all, because 1 l! not utilised. Were we confined to a 4 ‘United area, such as Norfolk Island, the bbtcry against an influx of population would ““ just. This island in 1873 had a popula 'jn of 300 or 400; to-day it is close on 1000. “bare they against whom a portion of the press, the Trades’ Hall, and other people ob th ij co l*' n 6 here ? Foreigners ? No. Thou eold objection of an alien race that would, “bid, prove its strength in the far-off future, p° no * “e brought in here by our objectors, pulation makes a country prosperous, then 11 island continent needs at the present 4 y a l* r ge influx of people. “ To, starve 1” tit" 6omeone - “To bring down wages 1” i < s a “plher. Nay; but to develop various Ustrics on their own account. To grow , n m superabundance, that no one need go p The fault lies with man, not with fnffi • en ° P * •^ >e xxifvacle of the wand is , c,en b proof. Booth’s people would prove 4 | re& b “ibssing to us; not a bane. Years y . 6oine hundreds of farmers left Prnssia, w right, intending to settle in »nd it Wales, They had ample means, inn 6 P ress bhe colony was in high glee 4 04 Pbots of such an acquisition, but they , States instead, where they have But they had the means to in P raot ic»l knowledge. Gronted; on c ° a ” ®-B's. people; besides, they are of race aD( I creed. My letter is j a[l to ° lengthy, or I would give you the in i/ bperet °f his success with all who are “ to “ch with him. " 