MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) That trite remark of the knife grinder, “Story God bless yer, I have none to tell, Sir,” recurs specially at this period of the year when the man who does no look at life through .a bridlo is coolly sent. to Coventry as out, of touch with liis time. This is thd week when humor is subor dinated to the equine race, and when you are looked uppi\ as a poor if you have, apt '“something bn,” 1 confess I am. some times out of fashion and put bf touch with the prevalent human emotions. This year was an'instance, for in place of sweltering,at'the’ Cup I stole away to my friends thd rangers, who received me iti; differently, for they had their ghost caps on and didn’t want to bo scsTin them,, so my Cup I)ay ended in rain and hail. “ ’ I am heretic even to fail to see th<? reason for this lavish display, this largo expenditure of mo ley on a single day’s amusement. And it has often seemed to mein essaying to trace hack the social habits of humility through the ages of which wo have history that few peoples have ever cnjpyfid themselves on this earth as well as did the Greeks when the somewhat infrequent days of' ,peace suffused their isles with a smile/’ In politics, of course,’ there had' boon nothing moving, for the worships of the horse admits not. of .consideration boihg accorded to other duties, a till we meet daily the confident men who. say “there nuist bo a dissolution before Christmas/’ and that the country is rising to the occasion. Still I fancy wei shall continue diddering on in our biff time serving way. It is possible of course to,raise a /cry in November.- By December it has'shrunk to the volume of ah infant’s .wail, This condition/fights bn the side of the Ministry. : Sir Frederick' Sargood know perfectly well what he was about, when he proposed the the de debate on the “one man one vote” 1 ques tion for a fortnight, ‘That postponed, the j fate of the Muhro Ministry .until ninety ! two.' ■ ‘ , '' , The Constitutional, question will - give I some trouble, ho doubt, but it is scarcely ! one'that you can Wreck a Government bn ~—m members always say there’s, hb. cry in it, Tlioimost lucky, Government that j has been krfown in ; Yictoria has still* a bit in hand/ ’ \// : J .v. Who; shall succeed 3ir ; J Graham’ V’oS j Agent-General?. Who.more.fitting,than, our other R : .C.M.C, And yet if I were = Sir Fredpr.icli ;Sargopd £ not abandon that;>ph;jei;iEbl :hbmo' of his at Rippq'ii Lea for all’’ 'the possessions of tlVe dingy chambers in Victoria. Build 'ing and the prospeet p subur ban , residiejicb.,, ;'X, a few Agpnts-Geheral, and they /generally say . that rather, than/accept office again they wbuld 'ip 1 ; to gaol. ; Theise, of course, were gentlemen;.. Berry, didn’t., anil does not feel that way. Ho eimpjy smashed his. road through oil pbstruc'ions. Now -Bjw; mikp the bean ideal of.;au. Australian Agont-Geqeral, Ho is how to..enter- YbljV' 'There is nob a. man in this Community 1 who would grace the .position pf'/Agont/Goneral so >as Sir F. T. •; But. will/ho just to put the Mfoisby tquch todus political vphreer up- 3 Will he hope Mf Bippon lied -for. smoky London, /and its, social of the Ag«h^Gyne^hip;is like that of the the, British Par liamenlj. Ib extinguishes the politic dreir^rtakes it unless hb js a bom leaiier oilmen. Hero let ■let i; me r. - say: <. .that,; f. knowing > Sir socitil capacities, his .aim his expariince verifying which the . employ deethito be somewhat Ldo iiot thinif there is a man the post ho-, offered question iff fame is Agent-; ■ Qeneraic.id/ mpl^rebeivgd \n- dipldinatio" , . l. Lea I would fjie^jrdßhr..., Thocabledti'ews from England is not don’t ; appears in f!??. ove# that hosnob Wtp &yefy; jjabific aspect .Jately. But; ehe eh e - in comes to our Mercantile r$P]K93»- Conti nental Bourses. Than - those there is i , $ stblft to the sliglUisfcaltcnitionhi the a f. mosphere. AnymiUtury strategic move moot, for iustanco, that to the Jay nilntt may have no significance whatever, muy perchance hive a very diftVrent value i n the eyes of a Meyer or Baring, an Opp re . heimor or a Rbthichild. | And it is the news that the big con | tinontol firms have been lately cabling to ! their Mol bourne representatives that is j crOatihg an dispiriting f ee h ihg,~ “I tell yoo7‘sir” remarked tli« managing jparther of one of .pur largo Jewish'firms thc!\ptlier doy,i f UIuU from the tone of our latest advices war seems a certainty before many months are ever. The force of circumstances, fa propelling more tlian obo’powerful nation'to a resort Lo arm*, And.what a dreadful war it will bo,'top, and f who.-shall say . whom it will end. I can* think of nothing iuoro appalling than .the results of ,such a collision. It is simply impossible that Europe can much lopgor stand the strain of the intense ;n6(d of military prepara, tion;that has been sounding throughout sit foi‘ 80 long.. War, sir, I grieve to state, seems to bo approaching with rapid strides. | Yea, we hiiVe .seen.’the storm clouds gather loworingly and. then <lis disperse, timb sifter time. The details of tho | oii 1 tho' Jews : ia Russia seeini absolutely incrediblo. “For 'GbdV sikoj do something for us, oir rouse Somebody to help us, for we sudor ihytorturvs of hel,” says the writer in one part/ He goes’ op: “Xhesq meu are demons, not human beings, and to their fanaticism add greed; rapine, lust and niurdcr in their most horrible'forms! Surety even Christian men and women will not look On quietly* at such work Jews though the, victims . be. And yet every part of ,t|ie, world sterna closed to u*. Jehovah only knpws' whit will be come of us.” The whole of the letter is in the same despairing, pathetic strain. Those Russians wmt to, bo taught a severe lesson, / / The Melbourne Cup of 1891 has passed, and, like the J3oath Soa Bubble, has “Caused some smiles, >t But cpu'otltfsa tears.” Here and thofe; of course, you meet the •gladsome 5 mortal who' ‘‘knew- all along that MaiypHo , must,win,” and has netted a good round sum. 'But the vast majority of those who bet are walking abput witU very longfaces.*owner of the winner, is something like £25,000 the richer. Morris Jacobs, tho stable commissioner, has* won £20,000, “ and there, are others who have “thrown m’g for a big stake. Most Sporting folk are' glad that;’such a “decent fellow as Jim Redfenrh” should havC.won the Oup with aliorae oyrhed 1 atid/trained by himself and ridden by liis seventeen year old son. Now that the 1891 “ fever ‘is ' oyer, we shall, I suppose, betray symptoms of a like disease'for'lB92. 1 Men may come aud men may go, but sport goes on for ever. ; : ‘ V' ! ( > On no occasion when a big race meeting lias been "'brought off, have L heard of ko -niuch pocket picking and jewellery snatching 'taking place as at iFlomington on Tuesday. Man after man you mot had lost bis pocket-book, his money, his breastpin, or his watch; while dozens of ladies hacl. lost' brooches, race glasses, 1 fans, in -fact excrythiog of any value,. It was a'‘rich and rare har vest for the liglit-fingdred‘ gentry. ' It ia. no 1 use abusing the police or the detec tives, for thb reason/that it w£s utterly impossible that they could protect a crowd of 80,000, huddled, sweltering, and panting together, Allone ban dp in such places) is to keep his witf'k.nd/eyes' about’ him as much as possible, otherwise, and even then, he is very liable to- lie robbed. There is nothing to be said, of the Oup itself |-that iids not been said’ a dozen times before, that hot as ; the day was, there was a noteworthy ab sence of, quarrelsome ' and rowdy drunkenness., Mon’ drank ' dhc|. wore merry, and if their hiihd was now and then perhaps a little top loudly'expressed, why, then it must W; remem Wed they -were not celebrating a Sunday schoolauni versary., For the rest the sky was a bright blue, the .sun I 'shone out warmly and brilliantly enough.tb light up the gay. and tasteful apparel of the thousandi ;of women ’folk, who either sat in the stand or- proraenaded 'the iawb, while a capital iband played the latest’ music.' And the cro’sVd was a hungry bee as well es and thirsty oae.'. X 1 wont to lunch, just before the; .Oup was* run, ( aud from 'the-fragments in various rooms you might have takon up '12.000 baskets full:. J / ; “I never knew so many people be fore. / All the tables are like this one,” pointing to one that had a! Very clean swept appearance! In truth the 80,000 presooti included a thirsty, good- tempered crowd’ [' ~/■ Somo bpp haa sent mb from London, a publicationbhtifcled, “The Painter and the Parson.” 'This detaila iri prose. and,,pic ture the adboatbres pf two gentlemen in London, Paris, ,etp., Beyond saying that the 1 etterpress is good reading we need ! not go in that ' direction. car toons (and pictures serve to re-iatroduce to us-Phil May, the artist ' whose work on the, Sydney Bulletin attracted so much .attenUop^'^rticnii^rly'that/,'series •entitled; “jPeople wo meot when, wo haven’t got 5 our Guru” 5 1 , * And id “The Parson and the' Painter” Phil has .given : us capital' of meu beat knowa at-home and on' tbo ’continoh.t in ,art f literature/ journalism, anJ' otUQr', profes sions. Thejwbpk is' of his / and, I ■should like yodHb judge for , 