BliHIl 111 CHAPTER VIII.— BLANCHE'S VIC TORY; CHAPTER IX. -THE MYSTERY A MORDAUNT. CHAPTER X.-THE CHIEF OF LARA IS RETURNED AGAIN. CHAPTER XI. -BLANCHE'S HERO. CHAPTER XII.— THE SPELL OF THE CIRCE. CHAPTER XIII. -THE . TRUANT OF. THE HERMITAGE. CHAPTER XIV.— ON GUARD. : CHAPTER XV.— IN THE FRIAR'S AVENUE. CHAPTER VI— Continued. " Don't give it such terrible earnest ness, my friend," Colonel Curzon said, puffing calmly, at his cigar ; " nothing is ever worth ' 'a... scene. You will go out, of course— in any case you could hardly do bettor ; but let us hope for a more agreeable ending than . the enemy's bullet. . And one's father is one's father. If I were you I would run down to Mordaunt and say adieu. Even General . Clifford may havo been guilty of follies in his lifetime— if not, then, he has, .been most: confoundedly slandered, Let him think of the past, and not; tur'n 'so tremendously stiff- necked. ; We all have our little weak nesses where.: pretty women;, are con cerned— -the 'best of us," Edward laughed sardonically. "But you don't marry them, my boy. I might have been enamored of all- the- grisettes and ballet girls in London ; so that I did not stoop to the 'madness of wedlock, my rigidly moral father might . have disap proved, but lie assuredly would not have discarded. However, as you say, a father once, a father always ; and;the dear old governor has always acted like a trump to me. I'll go down, if you insist very strongly, Cuiv.on, I owe you more than that.'' He stretched forth his hand in the darkness, and his friend clasped it in a strong grip. "Be a man, and live down the present. We will laugh over it to gether out there in India, when you win your colonelcy. And she— havo you no curiosity about her, , Clifford ?" " You dealt with her," Edward re sponded, very quietly, " I ask to know no more. I don't think the day will ever come when I can hear her name quite unmoved." " It was as quiet as possible,'' the major said ) " w® had no scene. She went at once, and she consented, readily enough, to drop your name and trouble you no iwore. She will hardly follow you to the interior of India. 1 And now, my lad, I don't want ! to hurry your departure, you know, but I really think the sooner you quit Scarborough and show yourself at Mor daunt, the bettor. And the sooner you are off for India, the better still. The voyage — the new life — the chance to distinguish yourself — will do you a world of good. I'll follow you myself in two or three months. . I find this sort of thing tremendously slow." v "'111 leave Scarborough- to-morrow. Tho chances are 50 to 1 that my father will not .see mo — that I will find- the door closed in my face: but still— and then I should like to say igopd-liye to little Blanche." " W ho may ' little Blanche ' be 1" " Lady Grey's daughter. Ah, I for got— you don't know Lady Grey. She was a, Clifford — a distant, cousin, or something— and she ran away with Lord Grey at tho age of 17. She had nothing, and lie had less — a title and a ruinous castle, and the pride of the ;Miltonic Lucifer. He was -good enough to give up,/ the : ghost a year or two ago, leaving, ' hs ,the J newspapors say, 'a. disconsolate .widow and two child ren ' to iiiourri /their, .irreparable loss.'; Bincei :thcn Lady Grey, little.. Blanche,, and, Harry have spent.' their ' time pretty evenly among thoir . friends. They swere at Mordaunt on- the occasion of Jmy ' last visit, and; my father was good enough to inform me that Blanche was to be his? heiress. Every, rood lie pos sesses, overy sou he commands, are to go to her. Mordaunt, of course, is entailed, and out' of his power, but that is to be left to desolation and decay. The Cliffords show themselves to be good haters, at least," " Then," the colonel said, with ; a half laugh, " your only plan is to marry the heiress.; How bid may. she be ?" V Four or five;" : " That giiV.yquV.'thirteeh./years.ito' forget the falsest of the false. The Hlfin.cho is . pi'.ptty, of course — the 'women « of-youry race are, and al way have been, I believe. Come .home covered with ' scars and : : glory . is 13 years, and marry tli'c pretty Blanche out of hand. Girls of 18 aro all hero- worsliippers j she won't be able to say no. Courage, my friend I v You will' marry a high-born'brido and a splen did dowry yet, and the worthless little Ella may go au diablo " I will never inarry," Edward Clif ford : replied , quietly,; " I mean it) Curzon. I could never 'trust earthly woman again— I could never place my ;name and my honior in the keeping of things so' slight /and /frail; They are what you men make tlieni— toys of an hour. We'll /drop the subject, if you like, Curzon, and for good.. I'll run: down to-morrow— take a last look at tho dear , old place— at my , bright little Blanc h e, who will /make ;a? much, better? use of the Clifford ducats than ever I' should do — -say farewell, to tho general -and' depart. And now, as I am about, tired of smoking, and as you must be wearied nearly to death playing sick- nurse, I'll be merciful, and go to bed."/. \ y : " And don't, quite go to the dogs witn uespany uurzon suggestea, strolling out. "You know what the most disconsolate ; of all poets says : ' The heart may break, yet brokenly live on.' It's exceedingly true, dear boy. The ' heart may break,' . yet we smoke our cigars, and enjoy our valse a deux temps, the stories at mess, our bitter beer and cavendish as much as ever. 'The heart may break,' but we eat, drink and be merry, and laugh at the peep-shows, the danoing dervishes, the Alines, and- the merry-go-rounds' of Vanity Fair with as: keen a relish as before. There's nothinginlife worth all this tremendous earnestness, and one may hope so much for " young subalterns ' of . nineteen. Pardon the prosiness for the safce of the moral,, and; the consideration that it will be my last lecture. Be a good boy — go down to Mordaunt, and do the penitential to the governor. In the immortal ! words of the copy-book, 'Be virtuous, and you/ will be happy-' " ' And then this military moralist strolled languidly out, rather surprised . at his own eloquence, and went off' to a game of ecarto, that would last to the very smallest of the small hours. . Early next morning Cornet Clifford bade his friends adieu, and started for Mordaunt. Very bitterly came back to him the memory of that other journey, two short months before, when Ella had been his ideal of all that is true, and pure, and womanly. And now I "I would rather face the maddest bull that ever gored/ the life out of gladiator,'1 he thought, " than my father; But I have promised Curzon, and I will keep my word." The. January sky was all one livid glow with the glory of the sunset when the young man passed through the park gates, and up the stately avenue of oak and elm to the grand portico entrance of the house. The massive turrets of the hall loomed above tho tall tree-tops — its western windows glittering redly in the sunset light. But everywhere strange stillness reigned — no joyous barking of dogs, no curling wreaths of smoke, no passing of stable-boys or gardeners to betoken life. As solemnly still as the castle of the Sleeping Beauty Mordaunt Manor lay. "Already," Edward thought, his heart sinking, " already the desolation has begun. My father keeps his promise betimes." He paused in front of the massive facade, and lookod up. Deathly still ness everywhere — curtains drawn, blinds closed, no face at any of the windows, no twinkling lights behind thosemullioned casements. Dead silence — solitude as deep as though ho stood in tho heart of some primeval forest. As he lingered, spellbound, a loud clock over tho distant stables striking six aroused him. " There must bo some one left," ho thought; "Mrs. Safi'orbh, at least.'' He mado his way round to a smaller door, deep in a stone archway, and rang a bell. No one came. Ho rang again more loudly, and after a time — a wearily long .time — a key turned in the lock, and an old man's face looked out. ' ' What's yer wull 1" this old man asked, in broad: Gaelic, staring hard at the tall, dark figure looming up in tho twilight. "Don't you know me, M'DulRe ?" 'Edward said. ''Where is, the house keeper t Where is Mrs. Safforbh.i''. !; . " The Lord be gude till us the old man gasped ; « de'il's in ib if it's no' Maister Edward himsolV i The house keeper's gane, the auld gineral's. gane, me leddy's . gane, and the twa bairns wi» her. They're all ganb;/ Maister Edward, but auld Peg: and me, and troth, . we'll, gao oursel's. afore lang— - for oh ! ' it's a gruesome place and a lonesono 1 And "' ye' vo earn hack, Maister Edward,- and wo nivor thocht ;to clap een on ye ihaif." : The young , man , leaned heavily against the; granite archway, ' ' very pale. Ho was weak still, and he had 'not expected this. , " Do you know' whore my father, has gone V' he asked. ' ' 'I'.De'il'tiik/ me:if: I do l He was of a highfHomafcli'Hnd ii p'roud- temper al-' ways, liiid it's no likely he'd' talc' auld A/ngus into his confidence, and toll him. his platis like, in a twa- handed crack. I dinna ken, Maister Edward, where ony aiie o' them's gane ; but Mistress Safforth/slip's aw'a' to' Clifford/Park, and a' the sairvents wi' her, 'clapt ori board wftges, tecl 'scch'ni a time as the giiieral may . see .feet to come back. . And Peg. and me, we're left: here teel .further orders ; and de'il's' in it, but I '! thin k th e auld prior ;o' ghaistly /memory: stalks frae room to -room, tolling his beads, and——" ; / Tho garrulous old keeper of Mor daunt was cut short by finding himself .suddenly. alone. The young heir had swung abruptly; found and disap- pearedj . " He'chj sirs I" niuttered M'Duffie, staring after him into the twilight; "de'il; to .my /saul' if . lie's no gane ! He's no unlike a' speerit liimsel', stalk-, : ing up, - pale and dark, and vanishing in the clapping o' an ee, like a ghaist jin the gloaming. Weel,: I maun gang back to Peg and tho parritch." . He reloeked/ the; door, wagging his hoary head, ' and Edward . Clifford strode down in the wintry starlight — solitary and alone as lie had come. The moon had risen above the tree- tops— a round, white, silver shield,' with numberless stars cleaving clear and" keen / around her, and tho mystic .glades of fern and - underwood black with bitter frost. . ' The dark/expanse of beech, . and . elm and /oak : looked wondrously beautiful in the solemn night.' . : : The discarded son turned, to take/one parting look, his heart very bitter, - , . , ' ; " Will I ever see it again ?" he said; aloud,' between his set teeth. " A nouie Heritage lose tnrougn tne/ maci. .folly of , a mad ,' boy ,! , My pretty. Blanche may take this with the rest— I will never return to claim it. Seven feet of Indian soil, '.and an Indian bullet to do its merciful work, is all I ask of fate now." : "And. even that you ..will not get; dishonored son of many Cliffords 1" said a slirill voice at his/ elbow. : " A. soldier's honored/ grave is .too fair a fate for your father's son. Tho curse of the murdered prior, shot down like a dog in yonder green glade, will fall on tho last of the race. Arid you and Blanche Grey are the last." Hehad turned round; and found him self face to'face . with the weird witch who had surprised him on his last visit — old Hagar. , / " You ; again, Hecato 1" ho said, " You can trespass witli impunity now, I suppose. But hadn't you ; better keep civil, and hadn't j'ou best not play eavesdropper? Suppose you go home, my venerable beldamo, if you possess such . a thing. These night dews are uncommonly, pfbyo'cative of rheumatics. - - / ,/ ; ''" He walked; away, rapidly ; .but old Hagar stood where . he /had / left her, shaking her bony fist after/ him impo- tently. / , " Tho curse will come — ;the doom will fall i I see it in the future — your fate and Lady Blanche's. I have read the stars, and I know .whafc they say, and the time is coming fast. " The bat shall flit; 'tliB'owl Bhnll lioot, Grim ruin .stalks with haste ; . : . '/ Tho doom shall fall when Moraaimt Hall Is olmngod to Mordaunt Waste."/ . And.. with., the. ominous crooning of .this hoary old l'aven, Edward Clifford looked his last on Mordaunt Manor. . ' Two weeks later, among the crowd assembled on the pier, watching the steamer bearing the troops to the transport farther down the Thames, there stood, a little woman, closely veiled, whose eyes were steadfastly fixed on one figure, standing a trifle apart on the deck. A conspicuous figure, the lofty head towering erect even among those stalwart old veterans — a figure that stood with folded arms, tho military cap drawn over his moody brows, looking his last on England — Cornet Edward Clifford. As the steamer pulled its way out into the stream, farewell cheers given and returned, the 'band playing gaily " The girl I left behind me," the little woman on the pier with a sudden motion flung hack her veil, and made her way to the front. People made room for the pretty girlish face, lit with its brilliant azure eyes, and shaded by glittering amber l'inglets. As by mesmeric force, tho dark eyes of the solitary gazer on the deck turned that way, and encountered the brightly smiling eyes, tho dimpled roseate face. " Bon voyage, Edward !" cried tho clear, silvery voice of the siren. "Until we meet again adieu and au revoir !" He never moved. The steamer snorted and puffed her noisy way across the Thames, until the pier and tho crowd were but black specks against the! sunlit February sky. But the last sound Ed ward Clifford heard was the musical voice of the woman who had driven" him, an outcast and an exile, from his native land ; the Inst faco ho was doomed to see on English soi1— the fatal' face of Ella, his wife. ' . CHAPTER "VII. . /./ " la .rillSOESSB clifford." " And after 15 years of absence — 15 years of boarding-school, of sunny France and Italy — it is home again to dear old Clifford, to reign mistress of an inheritance to which I possess not the shadow of a right. Oh, Edward ! herb of my childhood, dream of my life,' , will you ever return to claim your own— those broad acres which I would so gladly resign — -your long-lost birth-right ? Where, weary wanderer that he is, where in all tho wide earth is : Edward' Clifford to day?" She loaned .against the casement, ; and. the violet; eyes that gazed over the -wide expanse of .pleasuiince of -swelling meadow,/ .of:; deep dark woodland, of velvet lawn, filled with slow /tears. A beautiful girl of 19, tall; stately and 'delicate as a young queen ; the grace ful figure, with' its indescribable high bred air, the small head / erect /with a hauteur that /was as unconscious as it was becoming ; almond eyes of deepest violet) that . could soften or lighten, melt or flash, as you willed it, in the same instant j and waves arid masses of rich dark-brown hair, some , warmer /.shade of black, worn in coils arid curls in a gracefully-negligent way that of itself might have bewitched you. A beautiful girl, a'' trifle proud of her .long lineage, the sang/azure in her patriciari veins, it may bo. A trifle imperious and : passionate in tho asser tion of her. rights, or the wrongs of others, but sweet and true, and tender to the core of her hearfc. Romantic, too, as it is in the nature of nineteen to be ; /given- to dreaming over Tennyson and Alfred, do Musset and': Owen Meredith, and gentle men of that ilk, ' a hero-worshipper, and a dreamer- of dreams, all beautiful and mostly impracticable. That was : Blanche Grey Clifford, . impetuous,' high-spirited, 'high-tempered, maybe, at times ; fearless and free, arid lovely as your dreams of the angels. She was General Clifford's legally- adopted 'daughter and heiress , now, bearing his. name, and destined to reign mistress, over all theso fertile acres of the Cliffords. In the Parisian boarding-school where she had ' been " finished," the gay little perisionnaires had dubbed the haughty Eriglisih girl "La Princesse," and the name became her well. But no fawn of the forest was ever gentler, ever' more yielding, than proud./ '!.La Princesse " . to- those whom /she loved ; and, like a true Clifford, she could love or hate with q ./terrible intensity of strength. She stood now in the recess; of a deep bay window, wreathed with, roses arid honeysuckles, and ' all things sweet— ari exquisite picture. in au ex quisite -franie. The rich June sunshine glowed in the deep red hearts bf those fragrant roses, and sent shafts of fire athwart the brownish blackness of the girl's splendid hair. The white muslin robe she wore, with its rosy ribbons, fluttered in the. /faint, soft wind. .'She/ was neither _a /pronounced brunette nor a blonde. She wore pink, and looked lovely ; she wore blue, and looked lovelier still. ' Wear what she, might, she must ever be beautiful and thoroughbred ; do what .she would, she must ever, be queenly. If - you found her sweeping a crossing for pennies,, arid she'ilashed upori you tlie light of those glorious eyes, you would hate bated, your breath and passed on, and left her ." La Princesse ' still. . : She /was quite alofie, save for a frisky little /Italian greyhound, and: a big, majestic Newfpundland stretched.' at full length near, and looking up at her with great, lazy, loving/ eyes. As ( she stood in a dreamy reverie of the hero of her life— — ' the " Count Lara " exiled from his father's Halls — Edward Clifford— she espied a slender young man, dusty and travel-stained, saun tering slowly up to tho house, smoking languidly as he walked. One glance, arid the young lady went hastily for ward to meet him. "It is Harry," she said, aloud. " Come, Edward," to the stately New foundland ; "come, Blanche," to the frisky little Italian greyhound ; "here is your old tormentor, brother Harry.1' : She tripped away down the linden walk, and encountered the languid traveller under the trees. He was her only brother, two years her junior, and just from Harrow. The resemblance between them was very marked as far as IooIcb went. Harry Grey was singularly handsome, and as vain of his almond- shaped eyes and slender feet and hands as any reigning belle j; bub there all resem blance ended. " Dolce far niente '' was the motto by which Mas ter Harry regulated the/ lazy tenor ' of his life | and "there's nothing now, and nothing true, and it don't signify," the great Voltairean principle of all his faith. - "How do, Blanche?" Harry said, languidly, throwing away his cigar and permitting himself to be im petuously kissed, with a gentle sigh of resignation. " Happy to see ypu again, and looking so very nicely too. Surrounded by puppies big and little, as usual, I see — four-legged ones. Really, my clear sister, doing the grand agrees with you. You are as rosy as a milkmaid. And how's the governor ?" Don't be irreverent, /Harry, " Blanche answered, pulling his ear. " Poor dear-.uriele is no. better— rather worse,/ L' fear; ./if any thing.' / But' then he expected it. I-Iis physicians all /agreed; that to return 'to England /was certain death ; still he would come ; his heart was set on it. ' What does/ it matter,' he answered them, impa- tiQiiUy/ ' whetber l dis this month or next ? Blanche, take mo homo !' Arid' so, we are hero." / -://-' .//.: ' : ' (TO BF. CONTINUED.) ' 