HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 27th, 1842. the good ship "Mary Compton," of Bristol, Encland, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. .Once there, and they were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shok and went to pieces. Four men, in. eluding the Captain, were saved.' On reach: ing the shore they foind a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had hound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships. steer by the lights. Hope is the most important light house in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm- tossed spirit? " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so? No; fur he might he wrong-and in any case had no basiness to put oat the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June. 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symtoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down- for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in hed and sleep. "I rsold scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak." I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctoe to tell me theworst. His answer was, "I have mixed' you some medicine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians. The last one said, "You are past human aid." " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. - I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as ghost ! My mother came tosee me and did not know me. Mly skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this timo I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill,e in East Street, Leeds (where live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. - So I sent to Mr Jeason's the Chemest, in Great Garden Street. and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to dayl felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the timeI had finished the second bottle I had got over all my had symtoms, and was fast getting my strengtl back. I am now (April, 190), in hbetter health than ever before in my life. "I should have taken Mother Seigels's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of workand we had only a trifle coming in from his nlub, but I' thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, had off as I was. All my friends and neiighbors know the faetl I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry.". (Singed) Mrs. Ans Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Read, Leeds. This was a ease of indimestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeki:oooe, and Mrs. Mills would have no tallth'tell. She did wrong to wait one. hour:for any reason, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had •done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. The life of Sheridan, senior, was not a moral one. He drank to excess, and he ran in debt to support his extravagant style of living. But he disliked sceptical notions, and held to orthodox ideas in philosophy and religion. Tom one day tried to engage his father in a discossion on the doctrine of necessity. "Father," said hbe, "did you ever do anything in a state of perfect indiffer. ence-without motive, I mean, of some kind or other?" Sheridan, who knew what was coming, and didn't relish such discussions, answered: "Yes, certainly." "What? Total indifference-entire, thorough indifference I" "Yes ; total, entire, thorough indifference." " Then tellme," persisted Tom; " what it is you can do with total indifference I" "Why, listen to ypo, Tom," replied the father. When Toam was a young man be one day announced his approaching marriage. HIS father, thinking it an improdentact, threat ened "to cut him off with a shilling." "Yon haven't got it about you, have you, sir?" asked Tom, knowing his father's impecuni. osity. A young lady tells of attending a little primitive church in the country near where she was passing the summer. She was pain. fully conscions of the florid and pretentiouli character of the music attempted by thq ambitions little choir, and of their absolutely, hopeless inability to perform it. The relation". between the pastor and the congregation was evidently of the simplest and most un affected nature. In the "Gloria" there oc curred a long and showy soprano solo, in cheap imitation of the cheap Italian style. The young woman who attempted it sang gaylyontill the clergymanevidently thought that she had enjoyed her fair share of atten. tion and glory... Accordingly he raised his hand as a sign to the organist, hn the msi?c~ ceased. "Let that young girl with the red feather have done singin', and let Mary Ann Mooney sing the rest." There was a little hesitation in the choir, and he resumed: " The services will not go on till Mary Ann has a show." Accordingly Mary Ann took her innings, and "the young girl with the red feather" was left "nowhere." The present Pope is an old gentleman with a keen sense of humor. Accredited to the papal courts is a functionary who repre sents the political interests of four Central American republics, and who is already bedi zened with the stars of almost every order created by the Pontificate. Not long ago a fresh negotiation was concluded satisnfactorily to mother church, and the custom of giving a new distinction required to be kept no, but how to do it perplexed the papal chamber. lain. On application in the emergency to Leo himself, the latter said :" This time give him a snuff.box with my portrait." The diplomatist accepted the golden gift, de tached the portrait therefrom, and appeared at the next audience .with it hanging from his neck. Another state negotiation unex. pectedly arose, and when itwas solved, again came' up the question of an honorarium. "This time," said Leo, "give him a marble statue, and see if he will wear that around his neck." A New eork girl visiting recently in Philadelphia was taken to the opera by a young man, and at the close of the perform. ance was asked to partake of some slight re. freshment in the way of a supper. She accepted the invitation, and at the conclusion of the repast was somewhat astonished to see her escortreach for her purse, which lay on the table at her side, and coolly pay the bill oat of her money. This, it seems, is custo. mary in Philadelphia when a young gentle man's means are somewhat limited. It re lieves his lady friends of the embarrassment Ihey might otherwise feel on partaking of any entertaiument at his cost. It struck th New York girl, however, as being very ridie ulons, and she began to laugh. "I fear you are laughing at my expense," said the young man;"letme explain." "Oh, no," she re. plied, "I was laughing at may expense." tOne dy,' young Dumas asked Victor iHugo whyhe did not allow his children to. 'ake walks and have talks with him. "It s," answered the poet," because Mme. Hugo is alarmed about your morals. She is afraid ou.will lead away the boys ; in short, you pass for having violent passions.".." en sicur," said the young Dumas, looking the poet in the eye, "if one has no passions at Stwenty, he is likely to have vices at forty." A day or two afterward, the elder Dumas, uceting with Hugo, said: "How do you like my son? Do you think he is witty?" eas," said Hugo, "but he makes very bad use of his wit." WilburF. Steele, an American legislator, takes no stock in woman suffrage-except heis he is obliged to. Once the Woman Suffrage bll was before the honse. A call tvas made for a vote, and the clerk proceeded to call the roll. When Steele's name was reached he rose with the dignity of a Demostheness, and commenced: "Mr. Speaker, I am sorry that I can not support this bill, but-" At this moment a well Iressed lady was seen to bend over the gallery rail. In a loud voice she exclaimed; "" W-i.b-a-r I" 'He glaneedupward. It was euough. He turanedand said: "Mr. Speaker, I vote aye;" The lady was Mrs. Steele. A characteristic story is told of the Rev. Phillips Brooks and his experience with a Raymond California excursion party last summer. Some of his !Mrishioners, who had not then been able to accept these excursions as quite the aristo cratic mode of travelling, asked his pastor (who had been obliged to join the rest of the party at Chicago, going thither in the regular train,) if he did not find the companyon his trip rather mixed ? "Only as faras Chicago," replied Mr. Brooks, with a twinkle in his During Victor Hngo's exile, Dumas went to Guernsey, where Hogo received him kindly, and took him to breakfast on a verandah overlooking the ocean. It did not take Dumas long to discover that Hugo was already posing as the proscribedpropbet, and when the poet said, with an Olympitn wave of his hand : "You see me, my dear Dumans, on my rock of exile like the ?rscribed one of antiquity." "Never mind,' said Damas, with his mouth full, " the butter is far better here than in Paris. There is no disputing that." In an English opera company, formed for the summer months, it was found that the tenors were toolight for the rest of the cho rus. The manager protested that there were voices enough, and the leading tenor was juestioned why 'he did not sing with more force. . His answer to the remonstrances of :he manogerwas: 0I ampaid summerwages, tmd I refuse to sing in anything but mysnum nervoie:e" Theengagement of the tenorand-, his summer voice came to a speedy termina tion. '"How much of this place is yours?" in. quired a wealthy gentleman who was inspect lng some very valuable property for the first time since his purchase of it many years lefore. He put the interrogatory to an old irish squatter who was smoking his pipe and .ujoying the comforts of an easy chair in front of his little shanty. " Well, sure," was the omplacent reply, " Iown as far as the ince ,0 whitewashed, and if the lime hadn't given :at, begorra I'd 'a' owned to the corner I" General Lee one day found Dr. Cutting, n army surgeon, who was a handsome and Iresymao,arranginghiscravat complacently .*afore a glass. "Cutting," said General ,ee, " you must be the happiest man in cre lion." "Why General "\"hy," replied Lee, "ctae you arein lovre with yourself, and ave not a rival on the earth." The parels posnt is proving a blessing oen to the wildHindoo. Recently a Sep y dieda long way from his home and country, a?d his camte fellouw duly cremated him. Raring done this pious duty, they went to the telegraph oeice rand wired as followsto his parentc : " Binda Pcrsad died last night. ltctes by poet." It is now proposed by a section of the: Radical party to deprive the Senate of its: right to have orlinury legislation brought:?. before it-as a matter of" crsem the obj?et being to reuder theSenate useless, ind then to declare that it ought to be abolished, he mase it is oseleas. 