ITEMS OF SPORT. ' ORIGINAL AND CRIBBED. (By titk "Bird o' Freedom" Staff.) Fergus is running into form, and should bo bandy in tlio Maiden Hurdles to- day. _ That genuino good sire Forest King is com ing more into prominence ovory day. . After winning tlio Auction Stakes at War wick Farm, Piety "was bought in for £GU. Lord Alington and Sir F. .Tobnstono are understood to havo refused an offer of .£20,000 for Common. It looked liko old times to see Ban Mayne and " Bill" Forrester having a chat at War wick Farm Races. Bernardo figures in the entries for the Oceanic Handicap to-day. It's a good while since lie has been seen' in public." . Dan Maynn was at Warwick Farm on Saturday. Tho good old- Bathurst sport looks as bale and hearty as over. Tuilarnoy's running in the Hurdle Rnce at Warwick Farm did not please backers. Was the ground too heavy for him ? Tho luncheon at Warwick Farm on Satur day was a decided improvement, and tho hungry sportsmen thoroughly enjoyed it. Mr. W. R. Wilson has stated his willing ness to join a syndicate in order to send half a dozen of tho Australian horses to England. Mr. E. E. A. Oatloy, tho popular sports man; had tho good- judgment to havo a biton Bosworth II. at Warwick Farm. Good luck to him. The Old 'Un was on the job on Saturday, with Lctta Liud second, Muscatel second, and Mantilla, Lord Prix and Eveline first, second and third in tho big raco. Tho five-year-old horse Toastmaster, by Grandmaster from Baroness, will in future do stud duties at Mount Moriao Station, Queensland, having changed hands recently. Wo (Batliurst Sentinel) avo glad to hoar that Mr. G. N. Hnllorau landed a " century," independent of tho stake, ovor Arrogant's win at Canterbury Park races on Saturday last. Reports from Victoria state that Dread nought is being trained at Mordialloc with his old stable companions, Sinecure aud Litigant. Tho fine son of Trafalgar is said to be looking aud moving well. Mr. J. Morrisey, the owner of Young Sar donyx, had the misfortune to lose his well- bred filly Blue and White last week. While working on the Rockhampton courso tho filly fell and. sustained such injuries that she had to bo destroyed. Mr. C. M'Phillamv has disposed of his colt, bred by Sullivan Bros., of Alloway Bank, Bathurst, being by Forest King from a-mara by Kingsborough out of Autonia (imp.), to Mr. E. Machattie for .£300. It is said tho colt is intended for stud purposes. They must be getting rather tired of the Duko of Wellington at tho Guard's Club in London,) at j least so far fas their Dorby sweepstake is concerned. For three years in succession ho has carried it off, and they say the ghost of " my friend Wellington," as Blucher called him, has a finger in it. Tlio lato Mr. Sampson, not long before his death, stated that it was tho success of the Spouting Times that led to tho Referee being started. In tho result tho two papers assisted eaoli other rather than opposed, and the rival proprietors were fast friends. Sampson, who began as a Radical, ended by being a Tory. The owners of Brigadier were approached as to the lowest price they were prepared to take for tho son of Musket and Pungaworo- were, when the answer returned was 900 guineas. A3 nothing further has been heard of tlio matter it may be inferred that the prico is considered too heavy. It is under stood that tlio inquiry was made on behalf of tlio Hon. Mr. Ormond, of Hawke's Bay. An English writer says : — Tho Antipodean jockey Sanders seems to have learned some of tho winning and losing ways of our pro fessionals wnen over here, as lie 1ms recently been suspended for throo years for foul riding. Ho proposes to como to England shortly, but whether to ride or not is not stated. It may bo presumed tliat ho will not attempt to got a licence under the circumstances. as evil-doers in the pigskin are just now quoted at 1000 to 3 (uo takers). | " Rattler,'' in tlio Queknslander, says :— " Nothing appears so far to lmvo been done in tho matter ol increasing the sizo of the racing track on tho Pony and Galloway Association's Ground at Breakfast Creek, but I hear that although it will in all probability bo somo time before the proposed alterations are taken in hand tho proprietary avo determined that eventually a first-class seveu-furlong course shall be secured. In the meantime, however, the secretary to tho Association, Mr. J. A. Grant, intends to make provision for occas ional first-class meetings by adding largely to tlio value of the prizes offered for com petition, aud in this manner offering greater inducement to owners of galloways and ponies. This will be a step in tho right direction, and one which will do more than anything else in the way of raising tho stan dard of tlio Saturday afternoon sport and popularising the grounds as a place of public amusement." Good nominations have boon' received for the Epsom Handicap and the Metropolitan . Stakes. Mr. Want is anxious to dispose of Ivuight Templar. He has not had much luck with tlio horse. Sir William looks very well now, and if ho goos on all right will bo handy for tho Caul- field Cup. Tho Flomington racecourse has beon under water.- Damage has boon dono by tho Btorm to the grand stand to the oxtent of about .£2000. Mr. Campbell purchased the racohorse Proctor for £200 beforo the Newcastle racos, . and as tlio horse won thero ho was a cheap purchase. Dan Mnyne's Hoir Apparent had 8st 51b in the Farm Stakes on Saturday. A stone too mnch at least, and so probably thongbt tho haudioapper, for lie bus placed tlio liorso on the 7st mark in tho Oceanic Handicap to-day. With this weight tlio game little fellow should run well. From Rockhampton comos nows that Mr. Mayo's old pet, Ravonsworth, is troubled with two or tlirco logs and lias lost mnch' of his pace. It need, not be surprising thon to read that tho big son of Grandmaster re- pcutedly baulked in a hurdle race which was run thero lately. Tho old fellow is as game as thoy make 'em when well. Somo tiiuo bank Iiarry Walsh, tho well- known Hondra (Brisbane) trainer, purchased a bay yearling filly by Molbourne from Fire works, wbom lie christened Sky Rocket. The filly is now in work, and promises to develop into a useful mare. When sold out of a mob sent down from Tent Hill she was very poor and weedy-looking, bnt condition Iuib made a w.onderfui improvement in her appearance. Mark Ryan's handsome horse, Trojan, who lias reasonably beon regarded as one of the most brilliant horses ever seen on a Queens land course, and who unfortunately met with an accident on tho training track just prior to the Q.T.C. autumn meeting in' May last, is again doing quiet work. It is very doubtful, however, if ho will ovor again stand a prepara tion, as lie appears to be still very sore in the fore legs. _ The Brisbane Boomerang says : — " Give a lio but a short start and it is impossible to contradict it," is a saying the truth of which is proved almost daily. Tho latest illustra tion of the vitality of the adage is tho repe tition by the Australasian of tho statement first made by a Brisbane contemporary that Redfern is a full brother in blood to Melos, by Goldsbrough — Melody, by Tho Barb — Mer maid, by Fisherman." Now, to bo brother in blood to Melos, Rcdforn's dam must bo full sister to Melos' dam, Melody. Bnt Melody never had a full sistor, except Seabreeze, who liad foals by Goldsbrough ; but Redfcrn's dam was Stella, not Seabreeze. The Studbnok accounts for all Mermaid's progeny (not one of which could possibly be Redfcrn's dam). Her first three foals were by New Warrior ! then she threw a colt and two fillies (Melody and Seabreeze) to Tho Barb ; then a br e (dead) by Kelpie ; twins (dead) by Kelpie ; a br e by Kelpie ; a b or br c by Kelpie ; a b or br filly, Mayday, by. Kelpie ; and in 18S2, abf (dead) by The' Drummer. The settling over the Derby and Oaks re- Yoaled tlio fact that notwithstanding state ments to the contrary, tlioro were some largo winners over Common. The colt had beon well backed before the Two Thousand for both races singly, and a few double-event bets were recorded. As far as the Oaks was concerned, liowevor, the betting bad been far more moderate, and this in a measure arose from the want of confidence expressed by Mr. Matthew Dawson as to Mimi beating Corstor- phino. A writer in tlio Pink 'Un says " It may be that, like his sire before him, Reverend belongs to the gonus " trickjr," and cannot lie depended upon to show himself off when playing an uphill game, but as yot there is 110 reason to suspect anything of the sort in respoctto his younger _ brother, with whom young T0111 Jennings is pretty sure to do further credit to the orange and blue combina tion. Mention of Reverend naturally calls to mind tho Prix du Jockey Club decided at Chantilly, aud taking into consideration tho performance of Gouvorneur — whom it is com monly opined he could have beaten at will in tlio Bois but a few days previous — it is more than ever astounding that he should have made such a poor show last Sunday when starting a soreamiug favorite and carrying thousands of his owner's money. That Ermak should have boaten him did not como in tho light of a startling surprise to those who hod, like the writer, estimated the son of Farfadot and Energetic as probably the best amongst the- French three-year- olds, but that lie should have failed so utterly, and missed even the poor honor of a piaco was, to say tlio' least, disappointing to all concerned, and tlio performance was in no way calculated to in crease 'stable confidence in Gouveriieur's elianco for our own Derby. For all that, the fact must still remain that- with Reverend, Gouvernonr, and Rueil all sired by Energy tlio premature dcatli ot that haudsomo and speedy son of Sterling imi3tno\v be more than ever regretted by M. Blanc, and it can only bo hopod that in Retreat lie has selected, a worthy successor to the honors of his select stud inFrauoe." When Porridge was dofoatod at Warwick Farm, Konnody took his grnel liko a man. Boiinio Lad must either be a rank our or suffer from " gold fovee" by the way lie runs. So v oral good -judges backed Bosworth II. on Saturday for the Pace Welter, and lie wou . oasily. Moat of our big bookmakers weut south for tho V.R.C. National Meeting. They've had a wet time of jt. Sam Talbot is riding agnir. A good wto would not do Sam any harm, so I hopo ho will have one beforo long. Backers who are punting 011 Bnngebah for tho Caujfinld Cup know more than those con nected with the horse, or think thoy do. When Mn 11 til la and Lord Prix raced home locked together in tlio July Handicap a good many people fancied the latter had won,. but tho judge decided otherwise. Mr. C. IV. Murray, owner of King Olaf, I has christened his Hopeful Stakes candidate, tho bay or brown yearling colt by Excelsior — Goldomlrops, Syrlin. Wonderful won the Hurdlo Race on Satur day somewhat oasily from Letta Lind. Ho is a bay gelding, by Marvellous. Duuhoy had the mount, and scored his first win over the sticks. Tongy, (.lie bay gelding by Derby— Milli- ccnt, who, apart from his well-reinembored big dividend win at Eagle Farm (Brisbane) somo twolvo months since, boa proved a great disappointment, was sold in Melbourne last week to Dr. Shaw for 50gns. In much tho samo proportion the three leading English riders— J. Watts, G. Barrett, and J. Woodhurn — havecontinued to advance during tho week, and thero is consequently no change to note in tlioir relative positions. Of the others fth Cannon, S. Cbandley, liickaby and Bradbury may be mentiouod as having made useful additions to their totals, and the last named rode Lily of Lnmley to victory in the Manchester Cup. Mr. Joseph Brown's somewhat mysterious horse Fernando is just now not so well as liis party would liko him to bo. A little time back ho was hurt by a cab wheel at New castle, aud siuce then has shown symptoms of lamonoss. It would ho a great pity, indeed, if anything happened to tho son of' Orlando, with whom his unlucky owner has pretty well bonght a raee in entrance fees before ho has won ono. " Milo," in the London Evening Post, says : — ""What, by-tho-byo, do tho purveyors of stable whispers say to last week's opinions. Mr. Porter said he thought Orion might beat Common, and Mr. Matthew Dawson ex pressed an opinion in favor of Cor3torphine as compared with Mimi. Added to this, it must be remembered that tho last-named wonderful judgo of a liorso thought ho could win both the City and Suburban and Derby witli DorcaB. These two men are tho acknowledged top ot their profession in England, and to them the groat classic races have become common battle-ground. When such clover ones err who shall step forward as tho seer ? It is ovidont wo can be in a position to know too much." One gallant young plunger is said to havo won .£2000 on the Tuesday before the Derby, and to have had it all down on Common for tho Derby, whilst ho had previously taken tho nice bet of -£4000 to .£1000 on tho double ovent, Common and Mimi. Hoproo 1 The jockeys 011 returning to weigh in after tho English Derby presented a truly lamen table spectacle. AYatts looked a cross'botweeu a Christy Minstrel and tlio Bogie Man, and you couldn't tell George Barrett's faco from bis boots. But John Osborne, owd Johnnie ! There was enough mud on his faeo to plant potatoes'in. "'Put' in tlio two pounds," said Mr. William Manning, as a jockey was being woiglied in. "Two pounds," muttered New man Noggs. Is that all they get for riding in such a storm 1" AA'heu Maitlandors read that Mr. Tom Crothors had won two races at Charters Towers with tho ex-Newcastlo liorso Barton Blink, they made. tho wish father to the ' thought and jumped to tho conclusion that it was tho two big raees lie had landed. This leap in the dark brought about three times threo in a modulated voice for the gonial young Maitlamlur, who is highly popular, but I am sorry to say the conclusion was wrong. Burton Bliiilc won the Flying Handi cap, of .£130, with Sst 41b in tho saddle, two . sons of Marvellous following him homo. Eight horses started in the .Shorts of £100, and here Mr. Crothcrs' representative carried Sst 81b successfully, running the seven furlongs in 1.32. Later 011 tlie brown gelding was pulled out for tlio Farewell Handicap, of £100, in -which his burden was 9st, bnt hero lie met move than his match in John Fipnie's two-year-old Siiverspray, who was in receipt of 241 bs. Jimmy Munro, a Maitland lad, who has had a. high old time in Bananalaud, won the big, race the first day with Gildus, a son of The Levito and a Hawtliornden mare, whom lie trained and rode, aud he also got home in a couple of .other raees. To show the mag nitude of the meeting I may say that nearly £0000, passed through the" "'tote " in two days, aud that over £1700 was paid away in prize money. Devotion is a remarkably good-looking filly, 1 1 and will win a good raceaome day. Mick Slioeliau says Hornpipe is a carious liorso to ride over hurdles, and ho didn't like tlio race at all. The rain on Saturday kopt a good many poople away from Warwick Farm, but for all that there wne an oxnellimt attendance. Kolso had a real good thing in Aloidos in tho Farm Stakes. William's pretty cute, and knows whon to put tho money down. Dr. Machattie, of Bathurst, we« at War wick J? arm, aud it was galling to him to seo Muscatel get dono by the shortest of heads. Why will thri charge a shilling for the bird cage at Warwick Farm. It's a nuisance getting tickets again. Mike is oL' one charge, Utiorgo. The Batburst contingent had a bad time at Warwick Farm. Thoy planked it down on MnnBatol, who just got dnr.o by Alcidea, and then Piety put Linnet down. Liko Jack Ficluor, M. E nnhoy scored a win the first tiino ho had a mount ovor hardies. Curiously enough ho rode Wonderful, which . beat Lotto Lind, and Ficldur had his first win j ovm hurdles on this mare. Tho July Handicap at tho Farm on Satur day produced about tlio host finish ovor soon on tho courso. Mantilla just beat Lord Prix by a short head, with Evelino close up. Tho Old 'On- lipped the first three. The hay horso Mikado; by Marvellous- Wild VVavo, who was sold for 200 guineas at the Nowmarkot yards, Brisbane, in May last, has been leased by Mr. J. Allman, of Warwick, and will do duty as a stud siro during the ap proaching season. It atatod that a 8oulb American breeder was prepared to take the English craok Donovan at £20,000 ; bnt tlie Duko of Port land is understood to havo replied that the wealth of South America could not induce him to part with tho son of Galopiti. Man ton would appear to be a hopeloas case so far as his racing career is concerned, and he has been placod in 1 he sale list. It is a great pity LliaL the son of Musket and Trei Donee turned out suoh a terrible cripple in Australia, for ho was unquestionably one of the best horses that ever left New 'Zealand's shores. Lithoiogisl, who in Brisbane was a long way below selling-plate lorm, appears to ho turning out quite a liltlo gold miue for his new owner. Among the far Northern cracks he is qdito a champion, having carried everything before him both, at Normanton aud Croydon. In- his own interests' tho ownor will act wisely if ho. keeps him in tho farNorthoru districts. Sir Frederick Joliustono'a first Derby winner, St. Blaise, will shortly bo submitted for aalo by auction at the land of his adoption, America, and a roeord breaking prico is likely to bo scored if ho oliungas hands. Tho .reserve is £25,000. St. Blaise is tho most successful stud horse in Aiuuriua, aud it is not a little strange that tho greatest sire in England during tho decade, Hermit, was about as-bad a Derby wiuuer as St. Blaise. A few days prior to Sheet A uclior's Mel bourne Cup ho was knocked out in tho hotting to 100 to 1, but his second to Trenton in tho Melbourne Stakes brought him again into notice, and his prico at tho post, was 14 to 1. Mr. Loughliii wou n good stake ovor tlio victory of his horse, the amouut being sot down at £25,000. How much money that head defeat of 'fronton's lost New Zealanders it would bo difficult to say, but it miist have been a very large sum, as in ono hand alona Mr. D. O'Brien is credited with having held over £20,000 about his horse. While it is plain to overyono that tlio taxation upon tho mutuel hotting in Franco is simply a Governmental robbory, tho system will havo its advantages. The odds are, of courso, regulated by tlie market itself, which prevents bettors being "rooked"' as they are by certain operators in our rings, for instance. . Another great recommendation for the-Bill is found in tho fact that it will lead to the sup pression of a number of the small meetings round Paris. To those acquainted with those fixtures tlie application of tlie " besom of de struction" will uo hailed an an unmixed blossing. Organised, as a rule, by disre- putablo owners and bookmakers, they have bcpn.the happy hunting ground of a pack of thieves, aud have added to tho generally shady character of her racing. "Vagrant," in tho Maitland Mercury, says:— "By tho way, I fancy if Northern handicappcvs were to make their minimum weight list. 711) or Gst lOlh it would benefit homeowners, tho sport, and the publio in more ways than ono. It is almost impossible to got a boy who oan rido at all on tho scale at fist in tho provinces, almost as difficult to get ono at Gst 71b, and if an ownor or trainer secures one of tiiese curiosities how ofton have they hands enough to steer a horse home in front, bo ho ever such a good thing? Time after time havo I seen men who iiad horses en gaged under Gst 101b compelled to put up many pounds overweight sooner than scratch thoir nags, aud thus oft times what would bo a. close raco under original conditions has degenerated into an easy win, to tlio disgust of the bandi- cuppor and the public. In the absenco of specially good horses the handicaps are gene rally begun 011 suoh a low sealc that we may many times see over a score of horses worked into a difference of 281b, and in such cases it would most assuredly not militate against the top- weight's chance of success to be raised 71b or 101b if the others were on a correspon- . ding ratio. Country handicaps under present conditions — beginning at 8it 10lb or 8st 121b and closing at 6st or Gst 71b — are nothing but farces, aud tho sooner a new order of things is brought to light tho better for all concerned. Perhaps Mr. Quintou in bis wisdom might, give my suggestion a trial, aud thus oara the gratitude of sportsmen." " ' 