i&oveltet.; In Love's Crucible. ? * ? By BERTH A M. CLAY. ? * ? CHAPTER XXV. 11 1 AM Slit BICHAItDs DAUGlTTKn.'' She looied about her with half-fearful scru tiny, and seeing nothing ghostly or human, went to the gato. As she put her hand upon it she heard something move, and looking up saw a figure advancing quickly toward her. It was no vision, ho woven bat Caiyl Wilton. Ho peered at her uncertainly for a moment, and then, -n-iih a gesture of relief, advanced to her side. ' is it you - sue ssid, lorcing a smile. ? Why are you h re — why do you stare so ? Do 1 look ibe a — ghost?' ?* Forgive me,' he said, in a low voice; ' I could not remain in the house while you were out here alone.' ? Sow long have you been hsre ?' she asked. ' Not more than a few minates.' ' No more than a few minutes I' she repeated. Did you seo anything ?* And sha glanced back at the church with an ir repressible shudder* ' Yes,' he replied. ' Yes !' and she started, and uuconaciously laid her' hand on his arm, Kokicg at uim with eager, alarmed t yos. ? Yes.' ha said : : I saw Mr. Miles Barton.1 Her hand would have fallen from his arm again, . as she turned a *ay with a sij-h of mir.gled relief \--andldisajvpojirtjaenti hat he inid his hand on hers and drew it closer to linn.'' ' '' — ? Ltr. Miles Barton,1 he repeated. ' lie was lounging aboct the path, with a. cigar in his mouth. Did you tee bi:r. ? Did hs frighten yoa? Because, if so. 1 will avail myself of tho oppor tunity to express my antipathy t» that gentleman by administering: to ls:.ii a sound kicking.' VNiV 'ho saii. ' Why should yoa ? What h«rm does the man do? You saw no one elso? ? No one else,' he answered, looking at her earnestly. ' Have you seen any one or been frightened ? Your hand trembles — ' ' You were right, after all.' she interrupted him, with a little laugh. ' I am nervous and fright ened at shadows. It was kind of you to wait for me. Are they still singing and card play ing?' ? Most of them are gone,' he replied- 'and 1 am supposed to havo gone. Sir Richard thinks you are in your rooms.' ? And Gny ?' she asked. ? Guy !' he said, with a frown. ? Guv J passed on the terrace. He looked — well, fo put it mildly, tired, and was splashed with mud, as if he had been riding hard. Poor Guy !' ' Why do you pity him?' she asked. ? Because I have a fellow feeling for him — we are in the same boat.' ' You do not look tired,' she said, with forced lightness. ' Do I not ! Look at me,' he retorted, and stop ped short. She raised her eyas and looked at him in the moonlight. Ha was no more like the indolent, nonchalant man who had sauntered into the theatre in Sin Francisco than a man working hard for hi3 lifa is like a lounger in Pall Mali. ' 1 am a changed man,' he repeated almost bitterly. * You know what has worked that change ; yat 1 will tell you if I may. Great Heaven ! why do you not trust me?1 She faced him, white end panting, her delicate nostrils inflated, her lips apart, like a beautiful animal at bay. ' Why should I?' « Bucause,* ho eaid, almost sternly in hiii earnestness, ' because 1 love you.' She attempted to draw her arm away from bis. but he prevented it. ' No, do_ not take yjur hand away, flo not affect surprise. My love is no new thing to yoa. You have known it now for months. For days it has been at least a cause of peace for yoa. Ton have known that my love would shield yoa. Con stance— Maida — which name shall ! call you? — , -I lore you by either name.' She, panted and looked at him with a faalf frightened. half defiantgaEe. - ' ? My darling he murmured, stretching out bis hand appealinglf, 'did yoa think such love as mine could be bUdd ? 1 knew you the moment I saw you in England. How could it be otherwise, seeing that 1 carried your face with me night and day, since the night yoa sent me from yoa with ecorn and contempt? I knew yon, but 1 hid my knowledge from all save you. And 1 would have «aved even yoa the trouble of knowing that your secret was known, but 1 was mad with love for you, and 1 could not do that. I could not risk losing yoa. Bat if I let you know, I have kept others from the forbidden knowledge. Havel , not stepped between you and the prying eyes of envy and malice ? And I ha ve not even sought to penetrate that past which yoa have kept so closely hidden ; why I do not know.*' 'Yoa do not know?'' she murmured, as if that was all of his passionate speech she had heard, thongh in truth she had been thrilled by the eager words. ?' Ap Heaven is my witness I d) not know — I do not care to guess. £ love you too dearly to seek to pry into your secret — if yoa have one; bat still I ask — why do you not trust me?' ? Trust yon ?' she murmured. ' Yes,' he went on earnestly, his face pale and working; 'why should yoa not? Do you fear that I would betray yon ?' ' No,' she murmured. ' What is it yoa sus pect?' . *1 saspect nothing,' he responded, almost passionately. ' 1 will not even conjecture, -why you, once Maida Carringford, are now Constance Hartleigb. I love yen, and at times I have a presentiment that you are in danger * that is enough for me. I am your slave, and would be yonr protector. Give me the right to protect von- I love you!l love yonj be jou Maida Carringford or Constance Hartleigh, it matters not to me. It is you .yourself, who stand here ihaillore. r*t there be no barrier of mysterious reserve between os^to night, at least. Itis bo 4-n«fanev. this lore of mine, bom in flit ? fickle ' fcm£ and then *» die. batterE* fashion. - Bee \- slhtftil has lured tbroagh j, Soar scam ghat r ^*-Hdiich50ttiTOrfcl-orget,J»Bt*(,ujBaniH-t— ^ ^.^Aeneeiionfru to Wart -any *n»table passion, t* f^l^^n^Y^aai Aitqgfit. 3GotlBttiee4tafa»» :inaaai^*to6d before hex it his passionate entreaty, he clasped her in his arms with tervouB energy* -'?':. ???-:; '?? ? '-.--.. She had stood and listened, tho color coming and goiug in her beautiful f ace,tho light rising and falling in her dark, eloquent eyes. And as his passionate appeal had proceeded, a strange look had crept over her j f see. It .was not scorn this time. It Jtras as if her bark were finding its way oat of the troubled waters into a peaceful haven. A response as passionate as his appeal -was on her lips, and she yearned to throw herself o*» «w bosom and rest there like a tired child. Then why did she draw back from him with a shuddej when tie circled her in his arms. Why did she draw the mask of coldness overher features ? -Alas ! the name of Maida had. recalled her to herself — recalled to her the fact that Maida -3arringford would carry a taint into any home, while only Constance Hartleigh could hide the shame which Sir Eichard bad of his own act en tailed on one of his daughters. 'You do not know what yon ask,*' she breathed. ' Do I not ?' he said, moving aside that the moonlight might fall on her exquisite loveliness. 'Do I not?' he repeated, gazing at her signifi cantly, with a world of loving admiration in his eyes. 'No,' she retorted, with sad bitterness. 'Which woman is it that you love? — is it Maida Carring ford, or is it Constance Hartleigh ?' * I love yon,' he cried, hotly, - called by either name. It is you that I love with all that is good within me. Yoa speak mysteriously — there is more mystery which I cannot solve, X will not ask a question ; if yoa do not care to trust me, 1 am indiflerent. You will learn to vrustmein time, to trust me with everything. She shuddered slightly, but not so slightly as to escape him. . . . -. . . ^4*QB^oa^A^tmeT^e]bo&nsd-f.;'crifd; _ . v , ^a-TO-iHtaiig&jfc-;^ almost f fiercely-. Yes, 1 will ask you one question,' he broke ont as if with a siiddnn resolution. ' 1 know that you .are Maida Carriisgford; I will you if you ore Sir Richard's daughter'' A sp&sni; seemed to pass over her face, her lips quivered, aud her -?yes contraciod; bnt these signs of an intense emotion pissed in a moment, an£, looking him steadily in the face, she sadly said ; ? / am Sir lliclicrd 's daughter ?'.''* ' Tiiank Lleava.1 ! he said. Then with swift self-reproach he seized hc» hand. ' Constance — I will not call you by that other name again — forgive reo J — 1 have bsen a fool. Let me confess how stupendous has i-ee!i my folly ! 1 — forgive me 1 — liuowii r you hiid coiicealed something -i your past life from Sir Richard — 1 was fool enough to liasgine that there was some oihor and greater motive for that concealment than the natural one — and it was only probable that yon should dislike to have y ur singe life chattered and slaudered about 1 y ibe friends of your nevr life. You were right, quite right. But why did you distrust me? Why did you ret use to show me your mother's picture? — why avoid all mention of the past with which I was acquainted? Could you not trust me? You knew I loved you — tell me that, Constance — you knew I loved you?' * Yes,' she faintly murmured. ' You know 1 love you. know most truJy, most dearly, with all my heart and soul ! Answer me. my love, my darling I* With a low sob, she drew her hand from his arm and covered her face. Gathering courage from her weakness, he put his arm around her and drew her nearer to him. 'Constance, my lore? — my only love!' he mur mured. For -a moment the tired head rested gladly, contentedly on his shoulder. Then the re membrance of her tainted name came to her. and, as if stung, she started back, and putting out her hand to keep him from ber, said, brokenly : * No, no ! Do not speak to me — do not look at me ! If — if you love me, leave me now, without another word — go! Oh, go, go.' Leaning toward her, white and troubled, he held out his hands. ' If I love you ? Do yon doubt it, Constance T and his voice grew suddenly stern in its intensity. ' Can you look at me and tell me vou do not love nse — can you?' She faltered for a moment, and then raised har eyes to his. ' Go 1 she said, in a hollow voice. ' I do — 1 do His arais fell to his side3: and he turned his head, with a smothered groan. ' Heaven forgivo you,' he muttered hoarsely. 'A moment ago I would have sworn that you did love me.' * No, no r she cried, piteously. ? 1 — 1 did not know what 1 was doing. I ought not to have listened. I — oh, pity me, and go !' ' No,* he said, in the sharp tone of a great arony snppreesed; 1 cannot leave you here. Come !' and ho. held out his arm. Slowly, f alteringly, she put her hand within it, and with averted head, allowed him to lead her to the terrace. Within the light that streamed from the open door, he stopped, and allowed her arm to fall to her side. Then he raised his hat, and was going without a word, but he could not resist a last look, and as bis eyes fell thirstily on her b?autiiul face, so pale and sad, his anguish came rushing to his lips. ' Constance 1' he hoarsely said, ' do not send me away ! For mercy's sake, do not ! Let me stay near yon ! See what a pitiful fellow my love makes of me. Let me keep near yoa, like some faithful dog, to be made happy by a cold smile or a meaningless word. Do not send -me away. Let me stay, and — who knows— this barrier that divides ns may be broken down.' She shook her head, and though there were no tears in her eyes, her voice was full of them ag she murmured. ' Never, never ! No power on earth can bridge the gulf that divides as. It is best that we should part. The time will come when you will thank me for letting you go — will be grateful to me for saving you from the pitfall toward which I have drawn you. Go, now !' and she held out her hand. He took it eagerly. It was hot and burning. He passionately clung to it. ' I will go,* he said, his dark eyes fixed on her face. ' Yes, I will go. 3 will prove my love by obeying this crudest command you ean give me. 1 will go, but my lovs cannot be slain or set aside so easily as I, myself, am set aside. If in the coming time you have need of me, do not believe that my love may have waned, or doubt that I will come as quickly as I now leave you. That time may never come, but if it should, remember that ?- word, a look, will bring me to your side. The laBt words were almost inaudible ly reason of his emotion. With a sigh, he raised her band 4o his lips and kissed it twice, slowlv, passion ately, and he was gone. CHAPTER XXVI, A STRAJfGE BETBOTHAIi. A couple of hours later. Gay was smoking a cigar in the gallery. On the morrow, the long looked for excursion to the Titian's Shield was to come off, and as an early hour or two in the fields had been planned, the male visitors, all ardent sportsmen, had gone to rest. Gay eat alone, his eyes half-closed, his thoughts wandering to the little cottage at .; angham, and the sweet, friendless little organist there. He had done his best, during his long ride, to make tip his mind and arrive at some decision. On one -side stood his promise ; on the other, the Eweet face that had haunted him since the first moment he had seen it. There was no longer aiy doabt that he loved her. He would gladly hare sacrificed any material considera tion to have secured her lor bis own ; but what was he to do with his promise to his uncle ? He knew that the old man had set his heart on the marriage between his daughter and his nephew, and, -pith all he owed him, could he ask him to relieve him of his promise? If she had loved him, it would have made the sacrifice less bitter; bnt he knew she did not love him, and he shuddered to think of a marriage nnder such circumstances. And yet his promise! If Constance did not ask to be released— if she was willing to yield for her father's sake— how could he do so? ?What shall! do ? What shall 1 do?' For hours he had.heen asking himself the same question, and all he could answer was that he had promised. He was still wrestling with the pro blem, with no nearer approach to a solution, when a messenger came to say that Sir Bichard ?wished Iiis presence in the library. Gny went at once, glad of a respite from the vexing question. There was a dim light from a reading lamp in the library, and Gay entered m his usual-direct fashion. ? Do yon want me, sir?' Bat hu voice dropped taSdenly as he crossed Vae room, and he harried ,np to the chair with *n expn&siob; of «racarn, for Sir Richard ires sitting, If ing rather, in his flsaalann thair, his face' whits and drawn, his %anilslnng4m Milmess.^apuie and limp.' ?Unele,yon.»rB:iUI-he cried, anxbaily. 'Yet., yes ; but never mind that now. Where is Constance?' : ' She has gone to her rooms. Do you want her sir ? I can fetch her.' The old' man looked wistfully at the door, and thon at Gey, but held up his hand as Gay rose. 1 No, not yet — 1 want to Bay a few words to you alone first. Guy, do yoa remember the night yoa started to seek her ?' 'Quite well, sir. But are you sare yoa ought to allow — ' ' You are alarmed at my state, ft is nothing unusual. Letit pass, Guy, and listen. Yon have not forgotten the bargain we made that night, Guy? * £ have not forgotten, sir.' ' It was a solemn engagement, was it not Gay? Neither of ns knew the*, what the future would bring forth. But now that 1 know, 1 am as much concerned to have tho engagement fulfilled as 1 was then when 1 thought it might mean the wholo future of my wronged child. 1 am so anxious that I cannot rest longer in this un certainty. Goy ' — and his voice quivered ap peahngiy— ' I am an old man, tottering, waiting -on the hank of that dark river which all must C1O3E. The grim ferryman will be here directly — how soon I cannot tell. Already 1 hear the splash of his oars, catch glimpses of his black boat. Goy, 1 cannot cross contented and resigned antil 1 see the dearest hope of my life fulfilled. lie bent forward in bis eagcrnesB, and laid his thin white hand on Gay's strong arm. Gay was about to i-peak when the old man stopped him. ' Don't speak : bear mo oat, Guy. Since the night of her return — a blessed night for me — 1 have watched you— her and you, Gny. Neither of you can be completely happy ; there seems to be some difference between yon. What is the ^ma?v-''.^-oa;l(-re.1ier::; -Juy; I-saw that long ago^icd indepdit would be wonderfnli^f you did tLD*;vriWhb cojildiive nenr^ierjaodiail^oiove, to; -*r«ir$hljt .her. ? - - Andr-^an-I, --JGfcnjvc . i':*hinkj I »ni ' almost sure, she returns your lore. Guy looked up with a sudden start of con sicruation, which the old man took for one of surprise. * This is no time, for modesty, my boy,' he said. 'A f*tl»fir'jj eyea are sh»rp, and can pwietrata tha veil which a young, pure-hcart^d girl strives to throw over her love. She loves you, Guy, Why — why wait 1 For my sake j--in hands, as you have joined hearts, and let nis go henen in peace and contentment. I have oily one thought — for your joint hacpiness. What is to prevent it?' Rapidly ss the old man talkrd, Guy ran overin his mind the weigiitof obligation he was under to him, noticed his weak state, realized ibat he was not long for this world, and remembered his own promise. 'Nothing on my part shall prevent it.1 he sai-l. And as he said the words he felt that he had sounded the knell of his own dearest hopes. Ho recalled the sweet face he had had so near bis own but a few hours ago, and inwardly suffered the anguish which only the man can comprehend who has deliberately sacrificed all his hopes of happiness in this world. Sit Bichard, unconscious of the self-abnegation of his nephew, extended his hand gratefully, and ?with a certain sort of congratulation, too, and Guy grasped it with what fervor he could assume. Poor Guy£ It was his first attempt at dissimula tion, and any other but the old man would have seen through it. * Heaven bless you, Guy !' eaid the old man, brokenly, ' I was not deceived in you ] But do not thiak 1 could have done this if I had not known almost surely, that it would come back to you. I know she loves you, Guy.' Guy sighed inwardly. But a few days ago he would have feared that his uncle was deceived. To-day he dreaded lest he was not. * You shall hear her admit it with her own lips,1 went on the old man. ' cme, let me do your wooing for you, Gay. She is a strange girl — poor darling ! ! et me — . Go, Guy, and see if she is still up. If she is. ask her to come to me. I am getting weak — weak. Let her come tome You shall hear it from her own ltps.' Gay slowly left the room. It w*s as if ha was goii-g to call his own executioner. Ho went up the stairs and knocked at her door, expecting her maid to open it. Instead of that, Maida herself did so. *She had thrown off her magnificent evening dress, and was clad in a clinging robe of some soft material. Her face was pale, but fiV.s.iied as her eyes foil upon him. ._ '-JMJicnflhi. i.t'jca.3 .my.injiid.' she said. Then with a look of apprehension : ' Is anything the nialter ? Has auyihiiig hapusned?' ' Nu,' answtred Gty. ~ Your father is not well, but is not seriously ill. It is not far that that he sent for you. Will you say to him th&t; I shall be in the dining-room ia case he should want me ?' She looked keenly at him, and noticing his down-cast eyes, ieapod quickly to a suspicion of what wsis about to be required of her ?I will tell him,' she said, and went down sfairF. She stood for a moment at the door of the library, looking in at her father. Then, as she noticed his attitude, and grasped the tale it told of weakness, she glided across the room and fell at his knees. ' Father !' ' It is nothing, nothing, my darling, he mur mured. ' Don't be frightened. Not a word about myself — not vet at least. Has — has Guv told you V She shook her head, her eyes fastened on his face. * It is as well,' he said. * I can speak for him batter than he can speak for himself. Constance, he loves you.' With a slight start she drew her head back and looked at him; and then, with her hands clasped on his kness, dropped her head and was silent. He lovingly passed his -white, trembling hand over the thick tresses of her beautiful hair. ' He loves you, my darling,' he repeated in a low voice. 'Are you clad or Borrv ? 1 cannot see your eyes. Are you wondering wby he has not told you himself? It is because I asked him to let me do so. Constance, if I know you — if I have not uselessly dwelt upon your every word and look since — since you came back to me — I do not think you will say you are sorry. So sure am I, that I have asked him to let me have the happiness— which should be his— of first hearing from your own lips that the great hope of my life w«H'T-o realized. Tell me that it is so, Constance! He loves — my good, honest, straightforward Guy — as only such a man can love. And how great such a love can be, you cannot even conjecture, but will loam in time. You do not speak, darling! You not surprised, not — not sorry?' At the sharp alarm and dread in his voice, she looked op and drew bis hand to her lips. ' Mv child, my Tonstance/'he murmured, ' it is as 1 have wished, as 1 longed that it might be. You love him, Constance? Ah, if you knew how anxiously, how impatiently I have waited for this moment, yoa would realize how sweet, how glad a one it is to me 1 Constance, I hate watched- y m for months, hung on your every word and look, watching for some sign that would tell me that everything was going well with my great Jesire, Then yoa do love him, and will be his wife?' * Wonld it make you happy ?' she asked, in a low voice. ' Happier than words can say. It is the dearest wish of my life.* ' Then — then,' sbe said, slowly and with a strange and (-h-nstly look, ' I will do it.' 'Thank Heaven The murmured, brokenly, Aa, if you knew how happy you have made me ! It was th6 one thing wanting. Could I die and leave my child without a protector: — leave her to buffet the world and all iti misfortunes alone? No, no. Now 1 am content. With Guy by year ride, yoa are save in a haven — safe I' * Safe ?' she murmured, with a sadden start. ?Yes. 1 shall be aafe.' He smoothed her hair caressingly. 'Yes, I can cross the river now, darling, feeling thdt some atonement has been made. Constance, I have never spoken of your -mother — ' With a start she shrank from him, but he held her in hit arms and drew her closer to him. * It is too late now. I did her a great wrong, Constance — no wife was more foulJy misjudged by her husband ; but — bat — lean make some atonement to her child. I hare only one' wish left, my darling, and that is to be spared to see you Guv's wife, and the future Lady Hartleigh. Call him, Constance. Let me see you join hands, and feel that my hope will be fulfilled. . Go, dear* he is waiting.' She rose, and with slow, faltering steps, opened the door. Guy was in the hall and came toward her. Sir .Richard rose, and steadying himself by the table, pointed to her. ? Take her, Gay — she is yours, he said,' and sank into his chair again. Gny turned to Constance 'With lowered eyes she held out herhand, which he took mechan ically. Almost on the same instant she withdrew it from him and threw herself on her knees beside Sir Bichard, with a err of alarm. ^The old man's head had fallen forward and his eyes were closed* He had tainted. Gay sprang forward to the bell, and Sir Btehard'a man «ntwed—^To m Ookttoubd) SGlft 