TIlHE DO'GTORSlRHROOKI TH-EI S? :LHEADS.,?, "'Iwnuldijgivon aiillionrilollirs for n stomiach," iwid is wiealthyAmneriean reciiily 1 Now, a iialiiion dolian " (200,oo000)l is daid ofnilio iy, but lieo was not able to buy.tlie urticie at thliat privet Mr Th'mas Golfii ,.of1No. 3;: Pap 'ar Row, Dinrloy Abli.'y, near D)r:y, is not so rich is nilny, being a gor diner, lut fis was rendy enogli to give all li had for one thilng lhe liadi't got: Here i lhis.story, niid le sihall tell it is his own way. Mr Lnakin goes on to, say: " Up to night years ago I had never lost out lours' work through sickness. In Decembler, 1982, whlilst living at Beeston, nealr Nottinghamn, lily tppitite fell away, I hid dreadful pain after rating, it hald thtoI in lly mouth, which would fill with water anoil sliie, the aIntter so thick and sticky that l often hadiI to remove it with illy tingers. 31y chest uned to fill up and lily throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yel. lowiolh green philegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I tIed at tlhe nose, and thle blood rushed out of iiy cars. I becamo ox Ituslted anid short of breath, and had to call the doctor, and was in bedl five or six weeks. '' I then went no out patient to the Nottinghami Hospital, sand after attendl ing thero for six itontlio was overy little behotter. I got so thin that 1 was likea ghost walking sabout, and my friends said it was all up wvitlh me. For eigh teen months I kept gettilng better, then worse, and the doctors recommennded nln to try a change of air. So I cane to Dailey Abbey and ily forimer toaster gave iens an indoor recoiieendation to the Derlyshlire Infirmary, Derlby. - I found, however that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctorn at Derby. The first one said : "You sre in a galloping coliiumiption, isiid must die; tlhe other doctolrs after sounding imy lungs andil chest, said niothing, hut shook their heads. " Getting.a trillo bettor my old mas tor allovwed mo to do what little I could in his ogardens and grounds; and somn days I workod a little, and thon would by away for a few days. Things went oni like this until Decoember, 1888 whiren I caught cold, got very short of bireath, and broke down completely. I was ailways coughing and spitting up phlegm, sonmetinsim as much as a ten. cupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke mi. At this tinme the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were rity andtl parched and I often broke out into a cold clamimy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of birown leather, and I could keep notlhing down. I lost over a stone in weight in three 'weeks. "I managedtl to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so wceakLI had to tako hold of the -furniatrn to movea few yards. I was always tired azid. weary, and sitting or lyilng, was never at ease adl got no real rest. Too weak to. reantld I often sat for hours looking at mty hands- nothling but skin anid Ihone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset mo. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'J cun do you no good ; I cin only patch you up, because your lungs anre disneased. I th'n garo over taking his medicine, and tried every thing 1 could helar of. One lthling was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a hottle. But nothing did any good, and my frienids who came to see ine said, " Well, you won't coughl muocs longer, you have merely to prepare for another world." " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighblour rianied Joseph Tathamn, who works in the paper millsat Darley Alieoy saitd to iie, "'l'om, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup " and told me low lie had Ieen cared after being in the hospital. lHe spoke so muclh in praise of this medicini I sent my wife to Derby and got i tottle at Mr Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first doe had anl evacuation black as ink, and vomited Then I fell asleep and felt rotted when I awoke. After taking the nmedicine for three days miy breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a fuw days nmore I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see eo master, whloasked what Ihal wrought the imiprovement, andt I told him, as I toll every one that Mother Seigel's Syrup hall saved my life. I conminicedl work at once, and lave nevro lost a tnday's work since. SOf course illy strenigthli did not re turn tall at once, but after taltinh Srigel'sSyrup for six months I was otrone as over, it, uoy lifoiund havoecon tinued so over sic-.-, Ili giving Ili consenrt to tihe pulblict tiin of this relmarkatle olaltimemit, lIr' Luskin tileltits ua to refer all doublsios, to himi or to Mr Kcotley, lietdl Gar dtner, Dnrley Alhley, who is acquain tel1 with tll the facts allecedl. Mr Gaskin leas lived at Ulrlty Abbey .' year ando bears an excellent reputtitioi. Not, what was Ihtt cittitlilnt fram wllili lit otihlirtdI I Not. guihoepinig tnl oittitmptiott, certanily (Ito 0nn if tutu lie, loreI thougit)i or hiti wotbt hlavn hvlenp g tle itlo liii grove in leta tirn tlire monlie, lnotttii ttf growing tiaras fitr servo yetra. ills conmplaint was vhtritonl etiirrli), ithick hiss lung syip Intito lihut coituvtiintltt, Ifr whluicll it is no itfhtis igiunrintLly iiminotkoon. isith wrrohzly tmreate. WhenI thelj rghlt; reuitctly, Motllor Seigel's Syrasp Sri, uasd tlh disiocae ,yietcldu so. iilt.',s av I of the thignttotiiu trust do yill I. Ill t tagiiiigiiictnt It sup i-tlin. WVo Itoortly onrittgu iulotu'i tius utsiti out Iti ri covory, snit ettittoittdul the fItcto, of I : ciiais to il thiohiluti, n itt 11tu. 