LONGEVITY. " Life would be perfect if it would only last," Lord Beaconsfield tells us in, " Lothair," and how to make it last as long as we can is, therefore, not unnatur ally a congenial task with most of Ub. Whatever our forefathers may have done in this direction, it cannot be denied that in the present day a much longer span of life is enjoyed by mankind than was the case a couple of centuries ago. Statisticians have recently discovered that at the time of the Reformation the average life of man was 21^ years. At the begiiming^fltihis^e^Hyitwasralher more than 40£/ ana fn.alt probability this figure is "exceeded now. . Thus the fact remains that as^many, if not more, people live to 70 now as lived to 40 three hundred yeara ago. ' TKiebeingso the question naturally arises,- Why stop here ? As medical and sanitary science are continnally advancing, what' is to prevent, in the not distant fhture, cen tenarians beeoiningasplentiftil as black berries, and bi- centenarians taking the place of the latter as the occasional lusus' natures ? It must;;be very encouraging for the active man of seventy to he able to reflect that;he hasfcnother twenty or, possibly, thirty years of enjoyable life before him, mid that the Psalmist's limit of threescore years and ten need no more be taken 4s applying to our timeB than may the supposed endless years of those who 'flourished before the Flood. One thing is indisputable. -Given certain conditions, human life is capable of much greater . extension than is generally believed, as oar daily obituary records are continually proving on the one hand and-as-well-agthenticated history reveals on the other. Of coarse we do not wish to maintain that all the stories that have come down to us of 'wonderful instances of old age are absolutely true. Some undoubtedly are exaggerations, the result of ignorance and loss of memory, and others, again, are "the outcome only- of hearsay evidence; but, when allowance is made for these, enough remains behind to show that, practically, there is no arbitrary line to which, all men must bow and give up the ghost whether they like it or not. The mental and bodily vigor displayed by such as the "'Grand Old Man," instead of exciting our admiration as something quite phenomenal, may, if we make the best use of our opportu nities, become an ordinary occurrence amongst us, to the delight alike, of our lively -veterans and their affectionate surroundings. 