THE INDIAN , RISING. MASSACRE OF THE SQUAWS. AN INDIAN AMBUSCADE. (our special messages.) London, Saturdny.— The report of the massacre of the squaws and children of the Sioux Indians at Pino Ridge, Nebraska, by the United States troops, lias been con- iirrneu. It is stated tnat tue smoKu Aiuu the rifles prevented the soldiers from dis tinguishing them from tho 11 braves " who attacked tho camp. Two thousand " braves," planted in am bush, .ontrapped n number of the cavalry, who were only saved from annihilation by tho timely arrival of'remforcemeiits. London, Sunday. — fhe Sioux Indians persistently refuse the overtures of peace made by the United States Government, and are still committing raids upon the white settlements. A largo force of troops ore gradually encircling them, and a de cisive battle is imminent. London papers of November 28- say that feara appear to be oh tho increase that tho Sioux in South Dakota will attack the troops of tho United States,' and considerable reinforcements aro being sent to the Pine Ridge agency. Colonel Cody, who is better known ns "Buffalo Bill," has been ordered to tfco seat of the troubles. He told an interviewer that the wide spread influence of tho "Messiah" movement was most ominous. Tho fanatical Sioux, who aro now dancing from sunset to sunrise, be lieve (ho said) they are serving tho "Great Spirit." They believe they are celebrating the coming of tho " Messiah." There will he trouble unless tho dancos aro stopped. Oa tho other hand, tho interference of the soldiers may precipitate a war. It is stated that supplies aro etiD being given to the Indiaua, except the ghost-dancers, and at Rosebud Agency, in Nebraska, it is not thought that thero will be any conflict unless the attempt is made to arrest some Indian cattle- Btealers. Noarly all tho reports, however, agree in stating that the troops on the spot are inadequate to repel nn attack. According to intelligence received in New York on Wednesday (November 28) from Pino Ridge, an engagement between Boldiers and Indians was expected to tako place almost Immediately. Six hundred Indians, who wero said to be oa the march from Rosebud to Pine Ridge, aro Btated to havo plundered houses deserted by the settlera and to havo killed all tho cattlo they came across. Fully 7000 armed with Winchesters are reported to havo assem bled at Cherry Creek. On the other hand, it is stated that tho Secretary for War at Washing ton has receirod news that tho Indians on the Cheyonno River havo abandoned their ghost dances and havo come in for rations, and that tho latest indications at Pine Ridge of the intentions of tho Indians also appear to bo moro reassuring. The Sioux nation numbers nearly 30,000 members, aud is the most powerful tribe of Indians in North America. Twenty-eight years ago the Sioux broke out and massacred the white settlers of Minnesota, where they were then located. Snbdned, they were removed to their present reservations in Dakota. But they wero again in conflict with tho United States troops iu 1876 and 3S76. Tho warlike agitatiou among the Sionx of Dakota proceeds from quite an exceptional cause, if the American telegrams tell the whole truth. Previous risings havo generally been dno to shortness of rations, and so many charges of malversiou havo been proved in former times against the agents appointed by tho American Government to look after tho welfare of tho Indians that (says The Times) a suspicion is apt to arise that the offend ing tribes have uot received fair treatment. But tho cause of the disquiet in tho present case appears to be that the Sioux are pos sessed with tho idea that a Messiah is about to appear who will exterminate the white man. He has failed to make hia appearance this month, ns the prophets had announced ; bat the warlike ardor of the Sioux, having once been aroused, is not disposed to be exacting over trifles, and is quite satisfied with tho explana tion that the event has been poatpoued for the present. The New York Tribune says s— No class of savages is more widely imaginative than the American Indian, aud none is capable of wilder work under the iufluonco of religious delusion. Theso facta are par ticularly truo of the Sioux, and although this new dream of conquest is not confined to tho Dakota tribes it seems to have originated among them, and is receiving its greatest power for harm from their belief iu it. They aro not only by far the most numerous body of wild Indians now living, but they are the bravest, the crnellcst, tho most fanatical and -Lho least tpfint'ildo. Ther have tho best loaders aud the largest resources. Thoy ure of all tho most devoted to their tribal customs. They arc proud of their history, loyal to their traditions and faithful to their chief men. A largo body of them is still wild, Implacable and Yiciou3. The Iudiaus composing it rarely appear ut tba agencies and cling tenaciously to their bar barous ways. They entertain a vast contempt for tho white man's civilisation and keep their minds ever dwelling on the time when tho Indian will again be supremo on fiho soil of which they cousider he has been despoiled only as a punishment of tho Almighty. The " Coming of the Ghosts " is not a strange idea to the Indian mind. In ouo form or another it is a commou superstition, and, although large sections of every tribe hare seemed from time to time to grow weaker in the faith thoy put in it, there is no donbt that concorted action on the part of ilieir chiefs and medicine-men might easily revive it. Fortuuataly tho red man has only a feeble taleut for organisation. Men like Joseph, the No Perec?, able to direct largo bodieg of savages and to compel obedience to his will, are exceedingly rare, mid when thoy have developed in tbepastour great Christian Government has generally succeeded iu bribing them before they did much harm. Rut it is almost impossible to eradicate superstition from the mind of an Indiau, and it is astouiBbing what silly tbiugs he will accept, and what pre posterous folly ha will commit uuder its evil influence. In many cases no amount of educa tion suffices to break its spell, and Indians who hqvo boon taught iu eastern schools aud have become familiar with the lite of great cities hare thereafter taken tho most conspicuous parts in fanatical disturbances. 