CHAPTER XXIV.-ROWE MKKTS MABY. , THE dog was Carlo, but the man she did not recognise until be spoke. ' .'" . . ? ' -1-''Wal, MÍS8 Mary, I reckon you've had a powerful good dinner to-day, and ef than any left I guesaTcould find room for it.' L Mary recognised him then, and looked at Bowe long and steadily, judging'him for the crime he had been charged with. ,:'jTou know me, Miss Mary,' he said, with a wistful look in his keen grey. eyes. . ' I know you,' she answered gravely, ' you are bb who struck down'your officer treacb> erously. Why do you come here?' ,, . The hard thin face of the toughened ranchman quailed under the accusing glance,'' then be straightened up. . .... lt.,,u 'You make me feel a mean man, Miss Rath; and I'm glad I stand here innocent of that blow.'. He gave a deep Bigb, as though expelling a weight from his heart, then he looked at her gravely. 11 am' not the'man, and Captain Blaine himself believes that.' ; Mary relented somewhat, but ßhe waB not satisfied. ; ;^rWhy, then,' she asked, ' did they accuse you1?.' -, . , , .. ,, "',". , ./.',",; \- . ' Wal; now, Captain Blaine puts that same question. !(Thnt venison smells well ; IguesB. tonal of it would sort o' oil < my speaking machinery.' ."¿Y. ' *.;.:....-.'-v;' . -Mary smiled faintly,,and directed him to the table. ' ." ' . ' When he had finished his starvation appe- tite, be fashioned a pipe from,' a, maize .cob, and then observed reflectively that it would look well with tobacco inside. ; ' /' Mary brought him a twist óf Boer tobacco, and wtion he tad shaved off. a pipeful, Pala was at hand with a live coal. : ?;' . He crossed his legs and puffed away con- tentedly, with eyelids half-closed, to the view to'.'enable bim the better to devote his mind to a problem which bad .arisen. ' * , ; Should he or should he not tell Miss Rath about the will.' If he did; it would destroy the, budding of the sympathy, which existed between her and'Captain Blaine, into love. If he did'not; tbè;'young /couple might, per- haps 'fall into love without hope of marriage. Both! would.then suffer. Whereas, if'they. married,-Blaine would forfeit his inheritance, and ¡be unable to support à wife. Thus Rowe ruminated while L Mary stood waiting, not indifferently, for hiB story, for the best of women are curious, but always with that joyous singing at her heart/' since she had heard, of Blaine's return; . : ' Wal, Miss Mary,' he said, having come to a. decision, ' it;is tina way.;--Captain-Blaine ciomes into a fortune if he marries a certain young lady. If he does not marry, her, be; cause of someone else you see, he loses his chance of a fortune, which goes to another person. -1 was sent out to prevent him from marrying tho'young woman, and .they Baid that I had made away with him to finish my work'thoroughly.'' .. 'Does Captain Blaine know this?''asked Mary, coldly. _,\,'.YeB, miss,' said Rowe, with a swift glance at h or, ' he docs, and so does. Captain Dal- ston, i It was he who accused me.'.. . ' And how could you lend yourself to such a base plot,' she demanded suddenly,, with a Ausbin her cheeks'. ,,T.' "u ' " ',"',1 ¡dunno about .lending myself, I .-was hired'; but there's;n'o,.barm come of it' 'cept to me, unless you reckon on that knock on Captain Blaine's head, 'which you .mayisay is balanbed;by the -news I'gave him;--1 You'see, -Miss ¡Mary,': I did him a powerful1 square ttjufi in telling him abouthia chances, for be mighti Tiavolfallen^plump^ih^ove' with'.the ^Ji*B»^;fW»J?í? %<$M&Lj;£t&$ they'd be an end of his fortune. Now of course he kin wait, and look for that young'woman I ?poke of when the war is done.' . When the waria done! Oh, this cruel, cruel war ; it has brought nothing but ruin, desolation and sorrow. "We were happy before the troops broke in upon our loneli- ness with their trumpet calls, now the lone- liness weighs upon us, and all is changed for the worse. I wish I had never seen them.' The blow had struck her, and she spoke in her bitterness ; then she raised her head with the old, calm look on her face. ' It strikes you that way now, Miss Mary, but you are young, and there is plenty of happiness awaiting you. It must be so,' he said, turning his eyes, with a look of rough sympathy, on the sweet face. ' And what do you intend doing ? - I will do nothing to prevent your escape,' she said, hiding her own sorrow, and looking only to the welfare of the fugitive. ' Wal, Miss Mary, I guess the first thing I'lldo'll be to 'tend to your melon patch. It wants weeding.' '. ' '" '''"'.', Mary looked. at him in3 astonishment. 'You bad better think of getting into the Transvaal, and leave.the melons to take care of themselves.' ? ? ?. ' After tending the melons,' he went on calmly, ' maybe I'll gather in the ripe corn, draw water, provide for the larder, amoose your father when he can sit outside, , and generally see that no harm befalls you. I guess that's about all. I'll put in some work at onot.' t i"':-;...- . - : i ?! Heibunted up a hoe, and started off for the garden,, white Mary watched him with a Blight, smile that rather heightened the wearied look in her eyes. The world that had been so bright a miuute iago . was mow dull and gloomy. ' Bowe carried out his self-set duties faith- fully, j He hoed the garden, carried water, and went, out every afternoon after game. In the evenings he talked to bid Bath, who had a vague idea' that Bowe was one of the hospital staff told oil to help "his daughter. In the nights he slept among the rocks at' Kopje Alleen, saying he pref erred the com- pany bf ghosts to the chances of being cap-, tured if he slept at the homestead.' 7 'Meanwhile Blaine was eating bis heart out at tho camp, in the enforced idleness consequent on the continued absencer of General Wood's column,- He had given up speculating about the identity of his enemy, and devoted his mind to ¡the-news which Bowe had given him. - ? The more he dwelt upon it ¡the more dis- tasteful did it'seem, until he regarded the will and the arrangement made for his matrimonial future with loathing. 'Kate Dalston was a nice little girl, as far as I remember her, but why,'in- the name of common sense, should I be forced to marry ber, or she tied to me, whether we like it or not. i What right has any man to stretch bis hand into the future and tie a knot that may prove a veritable curse ? It ia not natural and, with' all respect to uncle, I will not be bound by it.' Having arrived at a conclusion, he feit more comfortable, for a few hours. : Then he discovered that he had not really, got at the root of the disease which bothered him. j After all, Bowe might have been mis- informed, and at any rate the will had no binding weight' upon' him ; there was some- thing else, and it was very soon born in upon him that the "real cause of his misery was MaryiRath.!. ' " "' . >f h '-> . When DalBtonand his men returned from Kopje Alleen, the young lieutenant was full of enthusiasm about, the '.rare and,.radiant maiden,', ho had discoveredin, an out"of the way corner. ']"Y,,'.^',; ...: ' ' By-the-way, Blaine, she was interested in you, but, lorV bless ' yoa.i man, you need not flatter yourself-she is just as genuinely concerned-about every one of us, from the captain-' downwards. >? 'Gad; i-Blaine, ' you should have seen Dalston," he glowered upon us like'OjfiéÜó^iíB^Wíidi^youj'.me|'and the tent polo, ¡he has left his heart at Kopje Alleen, and a mighty gloomy pent house of shady j memories it is. ' ;; ' ^ '."'Not going,,are you. ;.;I say it would be an. infernal ' shame if that black-browed individual won Diana^-Tdash.me, if.I,would not enter',the lists against him if I were ji marrying man. I say, Blaine, take up the running, you're a good-looking ' enough fel-' lbw, don't-cher-know, if 'you'd' only drop that dashed' melancholy, greenery, yellery, look tbatVcome over you lately.!,' ,,V Blaine put himself out of the range of that clattering tongue, and looked more gloomy and.melancholy than before. .1 ' ?'. ¿' I'll get leave and visit her,'; he, muttered finally, and went straight off to the Colonel's tent. ! . ,; ; K-'X^. . ... : /, ' Yes, go, but be back in four days' time, as there'll be ' some fighting '' afoot. I am tired of this sitting down bebind mud walls. ;You had better take a couple of men with you, and"keep along"the line of forts.' .In 'anothër hour Captain'Blaine, feeling like his own gay self again, was galloping awa¿Svith Basuto Dick behind him. ; . , .' Hullo, Blaine's in harness again,' said Dalston.' 'What duty is> he ' on, "do you know;?' , . , .VDiity,' said'the'young lieutenant, ready to tease the unpopular captain ; ' why he's on: leave. Going to Kopje Alleen., Believe he means tb propose. Knew, her before, you know,'---? "'. ".M ..:.«'??? ' «i> .!i Dalston looked black at his tormentor, then strode away to some point where he could! watch Blaine oa^ °£ sight. He mounted i bis horse then with the, avowed,intention of inspecting"the. outlyingpickéts^büt'wtíéiíhe' I reached toe furthest point, he tracked Blaine, for an hour through his field glaBS. ' He 'has left' the"Toad*and~shaped-for' Kopje Alleen,' he muttered.'' ^'P-will be there to-morrow too¿ and; let him ¡beware bow he crosses me.' ; ,- ':':. , (To Ve continued in next? Saturday'» Unite.) 