•EL IS J. , 1 - ' K YSIi i g e . j i I • 'he replit -, j yt i:f eye-. My I : • ; :r.:y nuiet I i ' hnrae for i f. May I cu:ne J tie i ' ' i jl:t : ccme io- 5 ve-rers to-. j j with another ] :: aii you won'; ! I'll Eay good hie prètt3' his handeone blc Jomp. Josie,". he ••.;\S ])ïîi..'i to t'violets in her batket. sV'j::l<l you wi:.;i : i'-i:^: me just one ?'' 1 SRE n .; -T>• ?-^ — thc-y are ior & Jady," SU.-W. rs ; ' Ut v.-in'.e she ppâaks |she l:rc&k;« t IÏ a liti'c cluster nod extends them to hin;. ' ; ' ivi;s tliem first. plea?e," he tayd, with a enrt of gay -aucac-ity, and they'll keep fresh until to-morrow,'" * With s frs hnnny you : he-- hiapi ri. J , cut o.s the th :n put-! ] ! | j I I j :iE!i>, you .-illy bay, and run :i:r batket.-.'' .with hi^ own lip;. E.:-te berries down the ho: JC:>?nt oî SOJIR buratinj,' from [ nt; UPKt:. Joiip Rtsnds a i • f-ci him, il-.en she tiart9 off v."! . pfi till phe reaches the | j n sits on a littered bench, in I • i = -'I2; r y thop, a leather j • L:iC from breast rr foot, as he j •,n .-oat bite of criphi steel. j Jf itly, from nnrk-r hi° hu°hy ; t- -l.-.' Si v.s the door. L;.".ilri ! ' he eayfi, m a hoirse, ! j J '-i-e key. said she. sdvanc- S :v:r, inir, mp room. ? • s-l.-si ce, with a wicked smile j d iips. , :: 'i : donfi i ' he BIJP. t:-•.Li:-f :1 it fihould hi' done ; Î ] v. ::: an:-c r . .; aing ' ' returna .1 ofie, •S2. BO. but I've changed my mind," cuuti'les the locktnnth. "Bather riBky work making k&y;è] from wax patterns,jfor girls like JOLI. YW^uit do you want with the key?" 'j "I Ehan't tell yàn ;-that's my business, nut youre I" BtormsiJosie. with blazing black eyee. "You've màde the key; let me have it at once." What B. plucky little thing we arel" he repliee, eying her jwith admiration. "No common """"""" i.lood sh i H g ' in such eyes as them. Ye'll turn out to he , queen's daughter one o' thrsp iir.ys." "No matter what I turn out ; give me the The old man shakes hia head. •' i rhBr.'t make jiothing by the job," he er.yr. " arl;| ] ain't a'-going to run the riek." .lotic's heart throbs with aihorrihle fear of 'iisappointratct. To feil now would almoet ki,:h"-r. S r e here," the says, coming CIOBB to his ti'U, " you slisli tisvu ihcee ior the job." She dives her drnpîed, brown hand into (he pucker of her print frock, and brings np t.vo chinking pitceji of gold, I Her godmother gave her one the d&y; she wnfl christened, and the other was thrown to her ;from the carriage of a grand j 1-1 nglieh lacy, when the etreetE of MoulinajwErs gBy with eome 'great festival. ij " See," eha says, chinking them in her hand, "give me the key, and yon «hall have these." ;! [ | The locksmith looks at them with greedy eyes. ; "Gi' 'em here.ithen," he sayB, Btretohing out hie skinny haiid. "Give me thejkey firflt," retorts Joeie, ehrewdly. j He hobblea across to an old chest, and takes it from thenpe. ; "Here, then," he BBys, putting it jin her hand, hia eyes jâtill devouring the gold " take it." • Ij Joeie takes it, hut Bh6_does not relinguish her money. i! " Now give me the cake of wax," she commands. The lockffmith rautiere Bnprily. hut he produofB the bit of white wfix. She comparrs the impress wilh theikev, and Beems - satisfied. ; "Now," Bhecontinues, ripping both in her pocket, " promise tne to keep your tongue, and I'll promise to keep mine." "Ti s a bargain," asaer.is the Iooksmith ; and Ehe chinks her two golden pieces into hia greedy palm and harries out. Soaie hsa reached home 1 and faced her molding from the dame with silent enduranoe, 8-.d received a smart box on her cheek in the bargain from that buay dame for idling BWBy her time. But now, at 3ast, the weary Saturday work is well over, and she Rives her flowing face a hurried wash, brushek hack her black curls, jumps into a clean frock, and hu:rit= across the olivo vale in the direction of Mount Chateauroux. She Eees the mad folks 'swarming down , the Srea6 walk as she reaches the iron pate hut Jacques ig pitting under a tree, BmokitiR hia inevitable pipe, and he .admits her withi out delay. ; With her fragrent Violets in her hand, she Wulk-i slowly on, peerine | about her with sharp, quick glances. The mad foli- flock about her, some singing, some laughing, some bowing with imposing dignity ; but nowhere amid the motley throng does Ehe aee lî.^ea. i "'he puts her hand in her pocket and hold the little Bhiniujj key tight, with an awful fear Rt \ier " does not come out ! ^he etrclle on till eha jig quite near the quaint-, dismal front of ! the building, and t'npn alie.IjC'ks tip 8nd eees the French mt'i doctor comiu;; .bwn from the etone terrace, I with Bess oî: JiïP arm. j | She looks dreadfully wtyite and ill, and ali most reela sa ehe walks ; but she hpi.-g Josie ! i and m&ki;a a t*ii!!l,|awifî gestur.: with | i.er left hand. ; JciEie eitF down under a huge tree, & litt!,- | hPide from tb.e walk, and|waita in fierce irupMiinee. They conic down Item the terrsr.r and ! walk eiowly out into ihe grounds, and pre- ! Bcr.tly the dcct r 1-Î.ICÏB hi^ patient to a seat. Jl" i? a Email, wiry mah.-with a face ih.'.t rcuiinilB one of r. ferrer, and while pcor leans back in the rustic seat and puts her thin hand? t j her white , face, he k m up j I and dawn, with hi? hsnd^ K-hind hi;n, and | hi? Linail, ch '.rain;' eyee iotakin^ in all directions, as it =een:p, in the eàme moment. •l.iRie wfiitF till ehe can endure the delay no I longer 1 nen ehe rets up.-and with " her I viule!= ir. her h&nd;, goes Btrei^ht aciose to the gpui where the mad doctor standi;. He knowa l.c-r f >r the keeper's daughter, and r.odp at her in quite a friendly fashion, "Please. ]).-, l.enoir,"'i eays Josie. lookin» Htraw.hi into his face with her bright, fearless cyr-?, "rasy I go and give that poor sick ladv over yonder 'hese violets?'' lie looks at her nurd, |but her eyes do not /niter. Then l:c reachef forih, and taking the violets from lier hind, examines them closely. They contain i)o danuerous letters, no ~:iarp inr-truments, no false keys or bui .'lar'H tools : so he nods his assent, and .To;ie takes them, and lijurries away to the poor lady'p side. •• I've brought you eowe more violets,"sha sayt-, tittingdowr. beeideilier, and putting the flowers in her hr-nd. | Bess looks up. her poor, wistful eyes pitiful to nee, her iscea3 white aa death. •' Heaven blese yoc .' \ she falters. Th?n her voi.-e fails, and with'a choking sob p.he ar.-pa her face down upon the fragrant bloeeoms. _ Joeie caio'aee her arm, land cives it a sharp pinch. '- Try to be calm," she whimpers; ' the mad doctor is looking.) Try not to betray yo.UE.I.'' J " I am ill—1 thought I WBH dying last night—but I can't die; stad I ehall never get away from thia horrible [place !" moans poor Bess, in a childish way. Ju.-.ie looks at her. with fierce impatienoe in her black eyes. ' Why, what a weak icreature you are!" she e3ye, contemptu jusljy. You'll ruin al! ii yoH go on. in this way. I tell you the mad doctor is watching -us. Can't you hold up your head, and stop crying? Hure. talk LibOLit Fomethirip. See i thebo' leaves ; let's make » wreath of them.'' She gathers a handfol of leaveE from the nearest^branch, and begins to at^ort them, and poor jiess. commandite herself by a great • uort, - makes a feeble enow of interest. ( Meanwhi.e the mad doctor walks up and dewn, his slender, nervous hands behind his back, his keen eyes takirg note of everything around him. But he detecia 110 ei"ns of treachery, and at last he strolls aw&y;"to another part of the igrounds, and Boss and her young companion were left to ihe.mselves. " I've got the key," says Josie. in her ourt, decided way, " and you:are to unlock your ceil and try to get out into the grounds tfter midnight. I Bhall be here "— j But ehe stops short, for BP^B, utterly overcome by the neat prospect of liberty, utters a faint gasp, and reels back into her eeat. Josîe's anger fiBmea up. The girl, young î AS ehe i?, is BO wondronsly developed, fo s strong, so fearless, so enduring, that ehei has little pity or patience for mere feminine Ë weakneeB. | " Now faint if you like,'' she says, Boom-j fuily, " Bnd I'll go home and leave yon. If you're not strong enough to gai j yourliberty. you don't deserve to hBve it." I She tarns on her heel, and walke down the j avenue in the direction of the gates, Beaa eita stunned an instant. Then comprehending what has happened, ahe leaps up and dartsj-after herj "Oh, for. mercy'a j sake," she implores, catching hold of the girl's arm, " don't leave me!" | Jo3Ïe tnrr.8 hack on j the inst.int, and the tears rite in her eyes at the sight of the piteous, suflfjrLng fsce. j ' 1 Vou muit he calm and strong, then," she eays; "jyou'il betray youreeli if ^ou don't, Nowj Joolr at nie. Von von't' faint orecrestn.'wUl-J^?"'-'— ' :...'. No, indefed ; Tm r-trong now," orieB Bees, m^ipg a piteous efiorl to steady her shaking limbe. j I " Then here's the k^y," continaeg Josie, bunging it up from the depths of herpocket, and slipping it into Befa's hand. " Hold it fast, and be sure you don't let it be seen. Now walk along, and liBten to what I tell yon."; j Bess hideB the shining key in her bosom, ]QBt above her poor, ^hrobbing heart, and walks alongibv her young friend'e tide, with the meek obedience of ja child. " You are to make the attempt to-night," resumed Josie, walking, and pretending to gather leaves for herl garland, " after you hear the in|dnight tell etrike—say an hour after -because papa goes on duty at midnight, and he will heljj ne. I think. «• Bat yon must watch for a good time, when everyone ÎB Btili, Bhd unlock your cell door and eljp out. Tpe key always stays in the big docw at the «Sd o! the long corridor, and you must unlock j that, and ^et out as silently «8 you can. 3 11 be at the foot of the eastern turret, under jthe ivy, to meBt you. Now, do yop think you OBn be quiet, and go through with it?" Yes, I'd do anything to get out of this place." f . j f , " Well, there comeii papa, and it IB hie honr to go home. Good-bye." , She holds out her dimpled browp 4 hand, and Bess f clasps it and covera 'it witli kisfies- s ! . V Heaven will reward yon 1" ehe falters, But JOHB sees thBmBd doctor coming op again, and parries away. - ! I i - CHAPTBR XIY. i " —^rri : the (y-scAPK. . I BhonlJ like to.-kbow what's come nver that girl l i Look at her, Jacques 1 .Tineis TiiTsis the third >ime ehe'è bounced tip "fromiha" table 11. ri-i: to ihe binder and tiare out. And it ccniee of her gaddin' up to that, old madhouse io much. I tell ye, Jacques, that's what EIIS her,! and nothin' elee, and a ston must be put tjo it. ' Dame Ferris delivered this rather indig- 5 nant outbtiret aç she eat at eappc-r with her | hucband. Ion She Felf-eame afternoon upon l| which onr laEt chapter cloBee. | Hush,[ dame,'' responded stolid Jacques. helping himeelf to another bowl of p ridge ; "don't; let your tondue run away with your wits.: What harm can come of the laea walking under the trees at Mount Chateauroux ; crai-.y hain't a catchin' diEease, aB ever I've heard, If 'twas, my wits would ha' been gone IpEgiERcj, I'tn a thinkin'." Just then Joeie draws in her curly head, and turns'to her father, with flushed cheeks and eye fiotn Nivtrnoia Coim rnrnii"- d • V,..,, !,•:'..• m?, \ .•!.'; hi; here," rrplie?. J.-.ctj.iee. W vititorh fro::i Xivtriinis Court.'' " .Sit down and Pf.t thct howl of porridge," eomni£i;|iH r:ie (1 --.me. trvorjly. Josie is an obedient p;îr3, and flie loves tins <it:i/). ecntibl.. "mmr-,'' to she begins to eut lier pen with of wiil which if her ; a;. n .r.-:erist!0. But the clatter rJf hocfa aud .'lieeis in the yard very nGoi p'jtg an end to the frugal evening n;esl. ' lacquns starts up from the tfc.ble and runs to the door, lollosved by his wife, but .lode hangs bark, with r.u eager lock in her eyes. ar,d h vivi i blooiii on her iound cheek?. (t id the ef.rriags from -."ivernoib Ccurt.and ami' ilie silken cushions, sits Lord St. Aubyn hsmseli. HeleaiiEOut :md Io"ke inquiringly about, and hie eyes catch sight o[ Josie, who has approached the window. She nods .-«nd makes aiswjft and silent gesture. " Now, my good friend." speaks out the marquis; secured by her gesture that all is j right, and jaddressin,; Jacques, who etands | bareheaded; and aptoniehoci be/ore him, " eau ( you give me your attention for a few minuiee 1 If you can, 1 think I have something to Btiggcft that may prove a benefit to UB both.' j " 1 am at your service, n;y lord," replies [ Jacqucs: | "Can't you aek his lordship to get j down, and walk in ?" cries the dame, re- j proving!?. j " I suppose I might. My lord, will you | get done aind come in î '• No,';' rtplies his lordship, blandly. " Vou i just step up here and take n eeit beside me, j and we'll drive out towards Mount- Chateauroux, and you shall hear whti I have to Bay on the way." j Jacqnts leaps up, and is Boon seated upon | the silken cushions, in rather a dubious j manner,' and the gr&nd; carriage, with its blooded kflltM nloiviy-awftj,—ï-ire-dama Ehadea her eyes with her hand and looks curioufly after it. " Now, what does his lordship want, I'd like to kpow ?" £he mutterE. "And ten to one Jacques !wpn't let a word out when he comes home, he is so close-mouthed." Jopie watches the hondatime equipage, too, and when it disappear, run3 into the house, with a flushed face, and begins to gather up the supper dishes in :iU eager and excited manner, that confirms the dame in her idea i thut -'tra;]j " 7 : a c&tchir.g; malady. j Meantime the Nivernois ca e nearH th6 | great ironj gates of the madhouse, and Lord St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur- reta with trunge thrill, half horror, hall | blissful ex pectation, at his heart. Can it be | tructha he little girl that he loved, aB he i ehail i; r love another living woman, languished a prisoner in ihai horrible place ? it j be al! a delusion. Lady Cassandra j could nevi r have done puch a heartless deed. | But he must go on he must see the end oi I it. He turns to th-i wondering peasant at hia side. • Now, my m.-in, to coine to the point at once, would you like to change your oeoupHtion .'" "Yea, my lord, for better pay," replies Jacques, pnhesitatiiigly. His lo id ship cods approvingly. " Well.'I want a head groom at Nivernoia Court. You understand about horees? Very v,e1'' whatever your pay is, I'll double it. Wil1 thati d o ? " Jacque^ looks up, amazed, "My l^rd, you are very kind—" " No." interrupts St. Anbyu, " I want yon to do mcja favor, and this is one of my in- Sucements. Here is another." fie takeB from his pocket a green eili purse, fiikd to the clasp with glittering gold, and pu'.B it in the keeper's hands. '- Now,." he says, before the man has had time to I Fpeak, " IT1 name my favor, my good fellow. I've a friend up there"— pointing towards the dark turrets of the madbouee—a dear friend. She's a delicate, terJder girl"—his voice shaking—"and ehe was [pledged to be my wife. They told me she died, and Jo*±wo yeara I've mourned for her. f To-day I find ehe'a in there—not mad, mind yov, tut i priapner, bnried alive." .ite "*'"«tjopBrsnd ynpee the great ^^FB from KB ash en brow, while Jacques stares at Mm in wonder. 1 " Now, J ' continnea St. Anbyn, " I might demand, her—force theip to give her np to me ; bat that takes time, yon eee, and would cause trouble and delay. All this I most j avoid, ànd I muet have her out this night, j Will you help me?" I "WhttMn Whit can I do?" dn?" inquires Jaoques, helplessly. ! i Letjthe gate remain open to-night, only for a tliort time, and shut your eyes and earE to all yon see and hear. The rest will he managed by othere. Bo t&ke; the gold, and j keep it for a marriage-portion for your ' pretty,Jblaek-eyed daughter. You'll do it—a deed of'mercy?" Jacques muste a moment, his eyes on the plethoric puree, his brain buBy with JoBie'e future : then he looks np, and anBwerg stonily : Vela, my lord, I'il do it." Spbken like a man 1 And when do yon come to live at; Nivernois Court?" " The first of the month, my lord." "Very well. Drive ine b&ck;, now, Ed- WBrdeJ" ; The carriage rolls back the way it came, and Jaoqupfl gets out atlns own door. "Panmercy * sake, husband, what djd his j lordHh^p wont ï cries the dame the instant ] heenttrB the houBe. ,j " Nothing, reapondfl Jacques, quietly, | " only_ we're'^oieg Jlo^NtvernoiB Court the ! j first ot the month." v j i live?'; excitedly ahncka the eipazpdt J womaini t ~ Ï J j ' JachnGB only nods; tmt: Joeie èan ieaïl'i J hia lape like a book, and»heseeB tiat -aîltûj- } Jifht.' : . .. 4t j li j. . I l i - •-" -' -:». " . j j Aea.tr hafirge btli, in one pf ihe '-^îm^ JiarretBiolMolinttJh^leauwu^^ 1 Î «fight} »îghti j^ilenjeeas i^ilenBeas olihB offhB ^graTOWgn»^sntirfnj a ^ y w ^ g ^ ^ i n 1 j and " • ajround theqneeroid^j'laOe,-' - -- A ioli^u^li -- « sentinel pactsiiip f-r.ii ("own the- long corridor that faces the:«iiiloE6lina of .cells, but the doors are all: so strongly and eo .seenrely locked, and the inmates have be6n BO admirably trained under the rule of Dr. Jjenoir, that no outbreak or attempt to eecape is anlicipateo, and it is no unusual thing fcr the guard of the hour to slumber at his pott, leaning againBt one of the huge atone pillars, or seated in the old leather arm-ohair atthe end of the csrridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the chair, with hie ffet elevated high above his head, and a long-stemmed pipe in hia mouthdozes and pufls away again at intervals, taking all the comfort to himself that his Bituation «Garde. His trained ear can catch the faintest sound, and on an instant's warning he would be up and in pursuit of any poor BOUI who should be foolhardy enough to attempt an escape. In her cell down below, on her knees, in the dead, hot dtrknees, with the little shining key claFped in her thin white hands, DO or Bess waits and watches. She has heard'the bell toll for midnight, and, like a devout nun counting her beads, Bhe kneels there tryiDg to count the laggard momenta EB they pass. In an hour'S time, as nearly as she can tell, she most make the attempt. She knows too well, if she snonld fail, no other chance will ever come to her ; and she lifts her wan face in the darkness, and asks God to help her, a helpless little child might &âk an earthly father. . Ob, to fcreatheJhe^EfjPfiieBir opcemore - to be awayîrom «îlih'epe ^poorf.wIittM^Eaoas get out into the wcrldi and make her way back to the old a&ntonmeht;, andito Kedmond Carew I That is her dream, as the kneels there ; that has been her dream for over two long years. Strangely enough, all the yearning other imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful love of her girlhood. She scarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become hia wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have been lost to her with all that brief, feverish life ehe led at Mount Storm House,and she has no wiahto reclaim hi m, her old life and her earliest love till her son! so completely. She rises to her feet in the solemn, Eilent darkness, and groping with her hands, after some little trouble she inserts the key in the look. It file; she turns it with a slow, noiseless motion, and her prison door is open. For one short instant ehe stands gasping for breath, a dull, roaring Bouna in her ears, a tremor in her limbs. But ehe remembers Jos : e and Josie'e waroing, and her strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She tt kes the key from the lock, Elips out, and eloping the cell door, she locks it from the outside, removes the key, and hides it in her boEom. Then ehe starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wiûd. A dim | light glimmers at the far end, revealing the double lino of ceji?, and the guard dozing and smoking in the eld chair, She fl.ts along like a Ehadow, t cd has ali most reached the. far end, her heurt, ihroh- I bing violently e.K siienears the guard, when | E11 at once the flap over one of the cell win- | cows flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out, the face of a maniac woman. Her bloodshot eyes glare out into the semi gloom, and light on Besbas she flea alcveg, and then a wild shriek rin[:s cut upon the silence, " There ehe goes ! Catch her—catch her 1 There goes the pale-faced ghost !" The guard i? on his feet in an instant, and daehing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers, roused by the unusual outcry, start up in aillèrent directions and hurryvo the spot; and poor HESS, more dead than\live, totters on till ehe reaches the old chair, and then, with the instinct of a wild creature brought lo bay, the crouches down behind It. CHAPTER XV A srnitF.s 'VrvnKLi. The guards and keepers bustle about from cell to cell, and the maniac woman etill ehrieke at them to catch the pale-faoed ghost. But there JB no ghost to be EeeD, and they find th; cell dcorE all locked and quiet, and after a little more parading and a tew oaths at the maniac, they disperse and return to their former quarters. The keepers drop down and sin soon sound asleep again, but the guard walks up and down and smokes, paBEing and repaseing poor Bess crouching in her hiding place. She clasp? her hands and prays that she may die, rather than be consigned to her dreary cell again, and while she prays the guard vanishes. Ha bethinka himself that there is eome brandy on a table in the reception room above, and feeling unusually thirsty and Eluggish, he runs up to refresh himself. BCES hears his retreating Bteps, and darts from behind the old chair like an apparition. A few noiseless Bteps, a'nd Bhe stands before the great outer door, and, as Josie said, the huge bey is in the lock. She seizes the key with bath hands. It turns in the lock with a rasping sound, and the door ewings open. She darts out, leaving it wide open behind her, ilie s along the eubterraneBn court, up the steps, and her feet touch the cool, green grass. The eilent Bummer Bkies arc above her—the cool, damp winds fan her hot brow. As ehe stands dazed with the blissful fancy that she is free, a figure darts out fromthe ivy gloom, and a firm hand graapa her arm. "Here you are at laet," whispere Josie'e voice. "Come—quick!" She harries her out towards the main gate, which they find standing slightly 8jar. " Come," urges Joeie ; and she drags her half-fainting companion through, and ont into the narrow jpath that leads down the Bleep. V: Tiiev «re scarcely ont when c figure, risse silently from the roots of c liage tree, end in atwïnfeine the gate is looked, and Jacques "ï'pre yi : at la^l," wliîspers Jo quick !•' plods up and down the gravel, pnffing away at his pipe, as stolid andimpenetrable as the desert sphinx. Meanwhile Josie puts iiér. dimpled fist to her red mouth, and uttcrga faint whistle like the <ory -of a bird, still -holding her companionV arm. ' tlwift as thought another figure ehoota up from amid the olive growth—a tall, imposing fijjore this time. : He leaps op the crag, and -reaches sjosio'a side. *'B68H," he ÇASIIB—"BèBS,toiy darling, ÏH tfjronS" ] >!i®e£s lift8 ^ r -wan, whute*,.face; "and the eopta»bini38'throngh4i ^ultfnlhelojv-lytng , . ^t^^uton èBMiitj^lpàmiînïeiB it In 4 ^ir^th^^^catçliefiâ^^jn^îg-j^^ unth^ TOfe i l ^ Ê l ^ Ù f ^ ï ^ ^ e ^ r ^ è è ^ hil^yM. - " " -' — wwi-' 11 Oh. lfcj roe go, Loid Si. Anbyn.'' trlje murmurs, in a brcl^en, piteous voic^, " I hajd no though^ of seeing you. î—I hoped it was Rtditiond" | | St. Aubyn does not comprehend her faltering jwcrde, and Jiolda her fe s^l his old, mad, nbort-lived love biazing ty? afreah. ! ' j Sensiblei matter of-fact Josie, however, puts an end to hiB little love ecene with great coolness, j j " My loid," Bhe saye, touching his aim, and pointing with a nod of her curly heajd towaioB tb e madhouse, on the upper terrace of which unusual lights are gleaming, LoDk there ! In a few minntee the keepers will be in pursuit of us. Don't yon think we had better etcape while we can ?" | " Yes, yee ; what a fool I am 1 "cries St. Aubyn ; and taking Bees in his strong arn^?, as he caubht and held her once before in an hour of peril, he dashes down the eteep at a headlong pace. j It i? cbarfl^-teristic of the man that he Bhould fdrget Josie and lose sight of bier danger; he never eared for any eartbj'ly thiDg eavé his own. self-gratiiication. And at thia miment it pleaseB and charms hiir. to have Bess reetored to him in thia romantic ajnd marvellous fashion. So ^ie f dashes down, clasping her closely, utterly I unmindful whether the child behind him breaks he® neck or not. It might have been as well for my lord, the Marquis of at. Aubyn, if ehe had, taking after eventa ii to consideration; but there was little fear of, Bnbh â catastrophe. JoBie'éfoot .was as fl set; «fed 6ore ksïhe 1 M^La^momlitai^hàint if,; and she ftàî was at tne doar of the.oirriage, which«t( od in the valley below, quite as soon as my li ird, himself. He sprang in, etill clasping Bess in hia arms, arid then, turning to epeak to :he driver, hé saw the girl to whose wondr job courage [and skill he was indebted for dîb gr^at happiness. "Au, II had quite forgotten," he s^id. " Come, tey brave little girl, jump in." : Josie's fearless eyes had Bomething very near akjn to contempt in their shining depths, tjs she looked up at the handsome nobleman. I V No, py lord," ehe said, quietly, " Ifam going ho|me." j But Be;a etruggled up and put out jher white face. î Please—oh, please don't leave me !" jshe entreeteo. j '.'Husk:" interposed St. Aubyn, bdfore Josie cohld answer; "you may rest now, my d&rlang.; and go with me. She eihall come to Jyon to-morrow. Come to Nivernois to-mc^row, ray girl—do you hear?" Joaie nodded, and the carriage daahed i ff down thB river-road, while the girl pursued her way jncrosa the grove to the little ootJtaga on the Bubnrbs of Moulins. j The h^t, cloudy night ia ended, and ijver the hills the Sabbath morning dawns. | A bright, criep September mcrn, with a jetifi breeze ruffling the river, and drifting' the fleecy clouds across the dazzling river. J In the white boudoir at Nivernoia Court, on a white velvet couch, all starred land fringed vfdth silver, Bees lies. Her toiletlhas ]UE£ been made, in obedicnce to my lord'B order, and Felice, the French maid, has found thbt wondrous becoming wrapper of white and blue eilk somewhere amid I the many treasures of Nivernois, and eloped Bess's willowy figure in it. j There ehe lies, fair as a snow-drop, passive as a babe, a great wistful tenderness in; her brown eyes. Mrs. Heath, the housekeeper, appearH with a dainty breakfast on a tilver tray, and insists that the young lady must eat ; an^ Bess rises obediently, and tries to eat the {broiled bird, and the roll, though every morsel threatens to choke her. j Then ehe lie^ down again, ahe feels BO tiled i-uil weak, <md listens, in a languid way, the Sabbath- bells chiming in Moulins,j wondering what the poor creaturcB at Mount Chateauroux are doing—silent tears of gratitude trickling down her cheeks meanwhjle. She is free, but yet there! is a look of regret in her sweet, meek eyee. [ She htara the bells again, and somehow they carry her away back to her old Indian life ; she ^binka of her father, and her jteare flow taster. j "Ah."lshe murmure, despairingly, f'if I could have gone to llîdmond I Oh, poor Redmond !—shall I never see him again ?" j A quick, buoyant step rings upon the marble tiles without, and there is a Bharp, impatient rap at the door. j " Coma in," Eaya Bess, languidly, and St. Aubyn enters. He reBches the eoucli at a bound, and has the little, passive ûgj-e in his arme. 1 j "My poor little dove, my precious [little Bess !" hh half eebs, dropping hot kissea on her trembling mouth end white cheeks. " Oh, to ^bink hotv I have believed you dead and buripd. and how I have mcurnefl fcr you I Oh, Bess, Bess, if you had cotne to me from your coffin, it could not seem stranger. I am BO j happy. Child, what makes^ yon tremble?j Are you afraiu / Why, ewaet, no harm can: reach you here. Vou are mine— mine to love and cherieh forever. Bees, look at me ; let me eee your sweet eyes ; aad tell me if you are (/lad to ret back to mo t^ain ?'' BBBB ldoks up, and meets his meimerio gaze, and a faint flush rieea in her waxen cheeks, fclis eyes have loet none of their old dsngeroup power, : " Yes,"|Bhe falters, " I am glad." " And [you will do precisely as I wish you, dearest 2"continuee St. A.;';-yn. j j " Yes, my lord." j He breaks into a gay laugh, and hovers her fr.ee with csreaseB. j " Tiier^ you demure little nun," he cries, exultantly, " in an houi- from now VOIJ shall Bay, notjmy lord, but my husb-'.tid-. SEE here, Bess, thia ia yonI wedding ring,' till— till—well" he stammers and Walters, remembering that Lady Cassandra now wears the old Sit. Aubyn opal, in token of ner Engagement to -himself—".till I can-get ihe old opal yon bnce wore. It shall be J'ouife yet ; Jbnt this will 4o ppw, in it» btead. Ther« IB go an -the h omqa,Jgi^-^yB/gïll made îman^i&nds; wife, a-h'd ithenV-roy own' love^ no |arthly -power ahall part } Shall, it notbe feo?" A faint sob escape? her, and she lopke np at him with entreating eyes. f " Ob, my lard," he falters, " you aie good &nd; kind, but it must not be—it canînot be. Don't yoh know that-ehe loves yon ?—Lady CaBEEndra, I mean ? Don'i you knoW that she parted os, and put me in that dreadful place, bacause—because she-could not bear to Bee me your wife J" j " Yes, I know," St. Aubyn breaks out fiercely, murple veins starting out [on his white brpw. "There ia no need to remind me of all the wrong you have suffered at that wicked, heartless woman's hands. But the han^s of vengeance ie now atj hand. Lady CE aiandra'a pride «hall be humbled in i the dual .beneath your feet, my darling. I ehalldo t, though she were a hundred times mvcouEin." [ BERP I tarig op, her face white with pain and ter; or. ^ " Oh, my lord," she gasps, " don't pay snoh terrible ihinga 2 The past ia done wiith now, j and I an free. It 1 can forgive hetj aurely you can ," f "Ho, Begp, cannot forcive per. I shall.hand her over to be dealt with by the law." 1 ; " 3Ty lord, lor shame," cried BC»B, with fiarhinf eyes, " and ehe a woman! sprang from th a umanoe] fehe was forced.into doing v hat ehe did by yonr neglectîand infidiljty. She loVed lord, anfl looked upon you ma. pn^oûéd- hnsbann. You flhopld ^ley^^^^^^e^ijer joj nie," lora. But it is too late jevdn now-toindo ÙI ' this -wrong. : You fnnst | o "«tskik ;*o "-her,.-.tay lord, i and be trueito her,'and tall tier that I Jreel forgive •'Ani jop.^liess, tny darling ? qUExieB St. At byn. wUhftenrHmnEed «mile or hb lip.-i v ie uwKnued.} ïÊk ï m 