®afe5 and MtUhts. [now nssr zxibusked.] Alone on a Wide, Wide Sea! AS OCEAN MYSTERY; BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Death Ship,' ' My Danish Street heart,' &c;, &c; [AIX B1CH3S BQQVH).] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTEBS CniimX-Ibe raderii introduced to Mr. udain. P*mptyH. Oust two children, ud itist HnisiuMoa, reridente together at Btfh. They pay a vwt tor their holidajn to so out «C tie my aeasde nbce, called Pier town. Here they are accosted by » rough yf-r'g man, with irbom they enter into con wrmtuwi. CHAPTEE IL — A BOATIKG TRIP. It was not yet evening, bat the son was very low in die west on oar right hand; there would be a large moon rising a little while before eight ; the breeze continued to blow strong and the ocean rolled into the land in tall dark-green lines of waves, T'«**j'g as they charged in endless succession into wide spaces of foam, orange-colooxed by the sunset. ' Do yon hear that echo of thunder in the cliff I told you about ?'f iMd my husliand. I listened and said ' Yea.' ' It is like a distant firing of guns,' said Mary.' 'There are boom good boats down there dancing beside the pier,' said my husband to the boatman. ' Ay,' answered the boatman, 'you'll need tosul a lone way tound the coast to find better boats than them. 'That is a pretty boat, Mary,' said I, pointing to one with two waste— a tall mast in the forepart and a short mast in the stern ; she was painted green and red, and she was very dean and white inside, and she appeared in my eyes the prettiest of all the boats as she dived and tumbled and leaped buoyantly and not without grace, upon die sharp edge of the broken water. ' That's my boat, lady,' said the Bailor. ' What is her name ?*' inquired Mary. ** The Mary Hann I' he answered. ' I named her after my wife. My wife is gone dead. Fve got no wife now but she,' and he pointed with his thumb backwards at bis boat, ' and she's but a poor wife too. She urns lime euuuga lar nits, f wwict ntyi wic home together with taking in washing, but nobody comes to Piertown now. Folks want what'* called attractions. Bat the Local Boardil do nothen except buy land as belongs to die men who forms the Local Board, and the likes of me has to pay for that there land and when it's bought Inr. five times as much as it's worth it** left waste. Lord, the job bery I Are ye making any stay here, but?' 'Yes,' answered my husband, 'we are here for a month.31 'And when might ye have arrived?** in quired the boatman. 'To-day, replied my husband, ??There's some very good fishing to be had here, but,' said the boatman, 'if I may make so bold, whenever yon wants a trip out, -whether for fishing or rowing or Bailing, if so be as you'll ask for me, my name being William TntAUpnm, beat known as Bill Httchera, pro nounced in one word — Bfllibchena : for there's parties here b*T1 swear they didn't know who you were asking for if you don't call me Billitcnens— -if you ever want a boat, sir, and yon ladies, if you'll ask for BuUitcbens youll meet with satisfaction^ There's nothen to touch tne JUary nann in imin'g, «im» jot fishing she sits as steady as a rock, as yon may — cues*, sir, by observing her beam.' ^Wben I want a boat I will ask for BOIit chens,' said my husband, glancing at me ?with a smite in his eye. This lady— my wife —is fonder of the sea than I am. I dare say she will sometimes take a cruise with you. But the weather must be fine when she does ' You trust the weather to me, lady,' said the boatman. ' Man and boy fur over forty eight year I've been a crawling about this beach and a studying tbe weather. You leave him to me. Whenever yon want a cruise you ask for BflUtcltens and the Mary Hann, and if the weather ain't promising for the likes of such a lady as you, yon ahaU have the truth. ' What are your charges*' said my hns fcand. ?' Vun and sixpence an hour,' answered the t-oattuan ; ' but if youM like to engage my boat by the week ye shall have her at your own price, giving me so much every time ye * akes me alone-1' 'Is she art few? to row?' said L ?'tea love ye!' he cried, gazing at his boat with a sour smile of wonder at the ques tion. 'A h infant could send her spinning. ' Sides,' he added, 'HI take care to ship a pairo* light oars for you, lady, vot's called sculls, nigh as light as this here baecay-pipe.' ^Well, good afternoon, Mr. Hitchens,' said tny husband, and we strolled in the direction of our home, for the shadow of the evening was now upon the sea and the strong windfleemed to have grown very cold on a -sudden. , . , However, before we retired to rest the night fell silent, the sea stretched in a dark sheet, and from oar window*, so high Mated was the -house, the ocean looked toslope steep into the sky as though indeed it were the side oF # mighty hilL The moon rode over it an under the orb lay a column of glorious silver which stirred like the coils of a moving scr- j pent as the swell or the heave of the water ; ran through it. The dark body of a ship | Daased through that brilliant path of bgttt as ^weltood looking, and the sifiht was beaaUful. My little ones were Bleeping welL Johnny slept in our room and !»-»y with die nurse, for my husband could not bear to be disturbed -in his sleep. I looked at my boy and asked uny hnsband to tell me if he did not think there was already a little bloom on Johnny's cheek ; and I kissed my chad's eweet brow and golden hair. But it was long before my eyes closed in sleep. I lay hearkening to the dnll eubdoed thnnderof the surf beating npon the beach far below at the foot of the difla. It was a new strange noise to me, and I lay hearkening to it as though to a voice mutter Ine in eiant whisDers out of the hush of mid night; and when at last I fell asleep I dreamt that I was in the Mary Ann and that Bill Hitchens was steering the boat, and that she was Bailing directly op the line of glorious silver under the moon ; and I remember that I asked him in my dream how long it would take to reach the moon, that as we sailed waxed bigger and bigger ; but instead of answering he put his knuckles into his eyes and began to sob and cry, and I awoke to hear little Johnny calling to me to take him into my bed. And now followed dayB aB happy as light hearts and bright skies and good health could render them. The weather continued splendid. Sometimes it was as hot as ever it had been during the month of July in the city of the Abbey Chorch. The neighbourhood was pleasant— a country of woods and verdant dingles and swelling pastures — and we made many excursions i ana in particular oio. ire enjoy a visit to some old ruins which had once been an abbey ; but now its windows yawned, its roof was gone, large portions of its masonry bad fallen, its floor was a tangled growth of rank grass and weeds. ' We listened to the wind whistling through these ruins ! We listened with bated breath and with raised imaginations, for the noise of i.e wind was likejthc chsntirg of friira inter mixed with a thin walling of women's voices : and as I listened I could not help thinking to myself that it was as though the ghosts of long departed monks and chaste and holy nuns had viewieasly assembled round about us to sing some solemn dirge, and that if our sight were as fine a sense as oar hearing — if indeed we could etc the invisible ae we hear it — we might behold die vision of the building itself spread over our heads, and on either hand of us in roof, glorious coloured window — in sepul Herc it was Uiat my little Johnny, in run ning from me towards the grass which grew upon what bad been the pavement of this ancient abbey, tripped and fell and lay scream ing as though fearfully hurt. Mary took him up ; be was not bun. My husband looking Into the grass to observe what had tripped the child put bis hand upon something grey and picked up a little skuiL ' Good God !' he cried, casting it from him Him a. auuuucr, act. us gc*- owej «wm »??» place!' But Mary remained behind, alone, for some minutes with her eyes bent npou the little skull, musing npon it. Though we made several inland excursions our chief haunt* were the pier and the beach. Oli, those were happy days indeed. My sister and I would take camp stools down ou to the sands and long mornings did we thus pass, my husband moving indolently here and tbere, smoking, examining pools of water, stooping to pick op a shell, Johnny scooping with a stick at my side, baby sleeping in the arms of the nurse. There we would sit and watch the quiet Borf&ce; of the sea tha.tmelU.-d into the blue air where the aky came down to it, and gaze st green bead for a breathless instant like some huge enake about to strike, ere tumbling in thunder and enow and roaring seawards in a cataract of yeast. We seemed-indeed I believe we were-the only visitors in the place. Nobody intruded jipon us ; the miles of sand were our own ; Robinson Crusoe's dominion was not more absolute. The boatman named WflUain Hitcbens bad called at the house early in the morning to know if we wonld go for a nice little Gail or row during the day, but the answer I sent by Uie servant was, not yet. I was in no hurry to go for a nice little sail or row. When I was on the sands the ses was so close to me and the novelty of having the sea. feathering to ray feet in white and broken waters re mained too great au enjoyment for some days to induce a wish in me for wider experiences. And then again neither Mary nor my Una band had the least taste for boating, so that if I went I must go alone. I was not even able to have my children with me, for the nuree declared that the mere looking from the beich at a boat rocking npon the water made her feel ill, and I dared not, single-handed take the children, for how could I, holding the baby, have looked after little Johnny, who was always on tlie move, crawling he^e, and creeping there, and who was just the child to wriggle on to & seat of the boat and tumble However, after we Itad been at Piertown five days we walked down to the sauds as usual after breakfast, and as we passed the entrance of the pier Bill Hitchens approached us pulling at a grey lock of hair that hung over his forehead under an old felt bandit-shaped bat. ** A beautiful morning for a sail or a row, lady,' said he, addressing himself to me as though he bail long before made up his mind that there was no custom to be got out of my husband and my sister; 'why not venture fur an hour, mum ? There's as pretty a little offshore vind ablowiug as could be wished. And look how smooth the water Is. Only let me draw you dear of tliis here ground swell and ye won't know you're afloat. Or if yon \ don't like sailing I'll put a small oar iuto the j boat, and with me rowing agin ye, lady, ye; sliall see how tight a boat she is. J *'«o, Agnes,' said my liusl»and, observing that I looked wistfully at tlie water. 'Come, Mary/' said I. 'Xo, dear,' she answered. I am certain to suffer from headache afterwards.' ?' Why dost yo« come along, sir?' said the boatman to my hoaband. ' ' Because I am very well, tliauk you, BiU ifcehens, and I wish to remain well,' answered my husband. **1 will go,' said I, and instantly the boat man was in motion. He ran with uncouth gestures to a ladder that descended the pier side, disappeared down it, and presently emerged in a little skiff which he propelled with an oar over the stern. Having arrived at his boat, which was moored in the middle of the Email harbour— if I may so term the space of water within the embrace of the crooked arm of the pier — he freed and brought her to some steps. I entered, perhaps a tittle nervously, eat down, and Bfllitchens, throwing his oars over, pulled the boat out to sea. little J olinny screamed and wept, imagining that I was leaving him for ever. I kissed my hand and waved it to biro, and Mary talcing the little fellow in her arms comforted him. Now out of that simple English scene of coast life, out of the familiar commonplace experience of a boating trip, what, if it were not death, irJiot should be able to ubape itself so potent in all horror as to utterly and abso lutely shipwreck my happiness and make a tngntim traeeay oi my me ' i/eatn it migot veil have been ; again and again Email tailing boats are capsizing and -lipfi* inmates thrown inlo the water and drowned ; but worse than death was to befall me. When I close my eyes and behold with the vision of my mind the scene of that little town, the terraces of the dins, though X am able to connect the long chain of circumstances link by link, the memory of the disaster and all that followed the disaster affects me even at this instant of time with the violence of a. paralysing revela tion. I know the past to be true and still I gaze dumbly and with terror backwards in capable of crediting it. But the dreadful misfortune that was to overwhelm me did not happen at once. Xo ; my short excursion that morning I thoroughly enjoyed. AM was safe, veil, and delightful. I told the iKtttman to keep somewiiat close in to theshoie, and I held niy husband and sister and children in view all the while The boat man rowed leisurely, and my dear opes on the shore kept pace with the boat until they had arrived at their favourite spot on the sands, where they seated themselves and watched me. I rowed a tittle, and found the oar the man had placed in the boat for my use very tiglit and manageable ; bar I plied it uoskil f uliy ; indeed I was but a wretched oarswoman. Yet it amused me to dip the blade into the water, however clumsily, and to feel that the boat received something of lier impulse from mil Hitfliens talked mnch. aud haA I heeded bis conversation I might have found his queer words and odd thoughts and expressions amusing, bat I was too much occupied with my oar, and with looking at the group on the sands, and with admiring tiie coast to attend to his queer speech. And indeed we were just at such a distance from the coast as enabled me to witness in perfection its incom parable romantic beauties. Tlie clifis rose in dark and rugged ramparts, and their gloomy ui&ssy; colours were peculiarly defined by tbe line of white surf which, the fall of the breakers being eontinuona, seemed fixed as tltongh painted along the foot of the coast. Tbe wind owns of the house we occupied sparkled over the edge of tbe heights, but tbe structure was so high lodged, the altitude of it from the sea appeared so prodigious, that spite of the softening shadow of trees behind it. and stiite of its quaint and cosv shape, it had an odd, vHd, iriudy look to mv eyes, and I wondered as I gazed at it that 'it had not been levelled long ago by one of the many hurricanes of wind which Bill Hitchens told thundered across the eea. and against t\vz land in wintertime blind with snow and black irith flying scud, .And the town made me think of Tennyson's description of a coastal village, for there was a frosty sparkle upon the honses a% though they were formed of rock eait. The skv was a deep bine, and I noticed that it Konied' to tremble and thrill where the Wild of it disappeared past the edge of the cliffs as if the dye of the cliffs themselves were liftiDg end sifting into it and deepening die beauty of its hue just there. Tbe water %ras every where flaslifal with the light u tnd that was blowing from the land. Presently the boat '* Lady, let me gT you a bii of a sail ?' I consented, and he took my car from me and bid it in the boat, then loosed a. big sail that lay upon the seats nnd boisti-d it, and afterwards he set a linle sail at the stem, and then sat down at the tiller ami steered, making the boat skim along on a line uith tlie beach. My d&ironcs; flourished their hands to me This ivas enjoyment indeed 3 The l-oat seemed to me to sail n ouderfully fast ; I looked over the stem and preeeived that she left behiod her .1 long funw as beautiful v-itb its ornamentation of foam and bubbles ami eddies as a length of rich I&cv.; Hitoliens sailed the boat to and fro and all the time be was bidding me observe what a Ite&utiful; boat she w?e, how there vras nothing whatever to be afraid of, liow in such a I -oat as the Mary Hann, as he called her, a party of, people might sail round tbe United Kingdom in perfect cotnfort o.ud securiiy. 'Only make it vurtu my vile,' said be, ' and I'd go to Amerikey in' this here boai. Make it vurth my vile, lady, and Id douMe tbe Harn in her- Amerikey was discovered by folks as would have swopped their precious eves for such a boat as this here to make tbe voyage in. I don't speak of Australoy, for Cook lie bad a ship, but I've heernl lell of Col urn! rns ; tbere'cf one of ns chaps as has read all about that gent aud his always avantiug alwut him : and oner and ower I've heard him eav that tbat there Columbus would have swopped his precious eyes for tbe likesof such a boat as the Mary Hann fur to make his discovery with.' In this manner Bill Hitchens discoursed alimir bis Ik at ns he sat N-side tbe lilli-r with his head well between his shoulders and his lock rounded like a cat's at the sight of a dog. After tliLs I was continually making excur sions vriih Bill Hitchena. Having got to know him I never would liirc another in bis place* Indeed be took care that nobody should supplant him, and called for orders every morning with the punctuality of die butcher or the grocer. Often would I go out twice a day so keen was my enjoyment of the pastime Twice my hnsband accompanied me, but after the second time be told me he had had enough, and he went no more in the boat. Once I coaxed Mary into joining me and in less than five minutes tbe boatman was obliged to put her ashore, and when I returned two hours later I found her motionless on die sofa with a sick headache. 1 he behaviour of the boatman did not belie the character I seemed to find -written in hie face. He proved a very honest, civil, deserving fellow, possessed of a quality of sourness that imparted a particular relish to bis old manner of speaking. I did not fear to be alone with this man. I had every confidence in bis judgement and prudence. He was allowed by 'his comrades of the beach to be one of the smartest boatmen on the coast. My husband ascertained this, and he also agreed with me iu my opinion of the fellow's respectability, and day after day I would enter the boat and my husband wonld stand watchin? me with out the faintest misgiving of any sort in either of us. On several occasions Hitchene carried me out to bo great a distance that the features of the land were indistingntBhable, and these long trips I enjoyed most of all; they were like voyages, and when I stepped on tbe shore I would feel as though I bad just arrived from the other side of tbe world. We had now been a day orer three weeks at Fiertovra, The weather had continued fine and warm throughout — in truth a more beauti fnl October I never remember —and we bad all benefitted vastly by tbe change. But on the morning of this day my hnsband received a letter. He opened *it, read it attentively, and esclaimed to me across the breakfast table — 'I shall have to leave you for a couple of daj-c I' 'Wby?' I asked. He passed the letter to me ; it was a business letter addressed to him by his clerk. The enough that the call was important and peremptory. The business, my husband said, would certainly detain him in Bath until the boor of the departure of a late train on the following night, if indeed he elionld then be able to return. I packed liis hand-bag and Mary and I walked with him to the Ballway Station. I kiesed bim* and we parted. My sister and I returned home to take tbe children to tbe sands. We passed tbe morning nnder the cliffs, talking and reading and playing with the children. It was a bright day, but I afterwards remembered noticing that the sky iraa wanting in the beautiful clear vividness of line it bad worn on preceding days. Tbe -azure bad m. somewhat dim and soiled look, such as one might fancy it wonld exhibit in a very fine thin duststorm. I also afterwards remembered having observed that there was a certain brassjnesa in the glare of the sun, as if his light were the reflection of hisown pure polden - beams cast by a surface of burnished brass or copper. These things I afterwards recollected that I had noticed, yet I do not remember that I spoke of them to my sister. We dined at one o'clock. The road from oar bouse to the sands carried us past the entrance to the pier. As we leisurely strolled Bill Hitchens lifted his breast from the post with a respectful salutation of his hand to bis brow. *' Will you be going oot this arternoon, lady?' be'asted. 'My husband has been called away,' I replied ' and I do not feel as if I should care to go npon the water during his absence.' '* You will tind the afternoon tedious^ dear,' saiMMary. ' It's a beaotiful day, lady,' said tbe boat man. *'T1iere'sanicelittleajro- windstirring. Couldn't ask for a prettier dav for a sail, lady,' 4* It is somewliat cloudy,' said I, directing mv 'aze at the skv. ''Fine weather clouds, lady,' said the boat man, 'Keep your *igbt npon 'em fora bit and youil find they'n- scarcely moving.' 44 Tbat is trne,' sai.l L ' 1/ you go,' said Mary,' I will take Johnny and babv fora drive,' ' You'll soon be leaving Piertown, lady, worse luck !*^ said the boatman with an insinuating grin. * ' This here fine weather uint acoiop to last pitber. It woo*t be long afore well be lying our Imats up. It nay be blowing hard to-morrow, lady, and it may keep on blowing until your time's up fur reiar'flwted and said :— -'Well, Hircheus, yon can get your boat ready for me bv* half-past two or a quarter to three. I shall be back by foar,'' said I. addressing Mar*' as we proceeded home, *4aud by that time yon will have returned. Do not keep l»aby out later ih»n lour.' And we talked of my hngbaud and on home matters as we (.'limbed tbe road tbat led to the level of the clifll .At a -]iiaiter past two I was ready 10 wi Ik to tbe peir for a trip which I thought might likely enough prove my last, and which was not to exceed ah boar aud a quarter. I was dressed in tbe costume in which I usually made these excursions : in a blue serge dresst a warm jacket, and a sailor'^ hat of grey straw. An old -fashioned carriaire stood at tbe -^oor wailing for Marv and the nurse and child) eu. I took baby in my arms and kissed h«r, ami I lifted Johnny and kissed him and saw the little party into the carriage, which drove ofl'. I lingered a minute or two, A strange tense of loneliness suddenly ])osscssed me. I cannot imagine what 0011M hav** caused it, if it were not the fiileuce that followed upon the carriage driving off, together with the thought that niy hnsband was away. I entered the little jtarlonr to ascertain the time by the dwk on the mantel-piece, for my *-*tch Laving sMpped I had left in my bed room. Upon the table lay a pair of baby's shoes, and a horse and cart that my husband had bought for Johnny was upon the floor. As I looked at these things I was again visited by an unaccountable feeling of loneliness. But it could possess no passible signification to me, and -p**«ingr out of the bouse I closed the hall door and walked briskly down to the pier. The boat was ready. I entered her and Hitchens rowed out of the harbour. The sur face of the water was smooth, for the Email breeze of the morning had weake&ed; yet and «u now no .more than a draught of air ; bat the «ea undulated with what sailor* call 'a swell,' upon which the boat rose and sank with a sensation. of cradling that was singularly soothing to me. The horizon was somewhat misty, and I observed that the extremities of the coast on either band in the distance were blurred, showing indeed as though they were mirrored, in a looking-glass upon which you bad slightly breathed. ' It iooLs somewhat foggy out upon tliesea,1 said I. ' Kotiien bat heat, lady, notben but heat. I like to Bee fog myself with the wind out at no'the. When that happens wiUi fine weather it amides that tine weather's agoing to last.' The figures of a few boatmeu idly lounged mpon the esplanade. A man in a white apron socking a pipe stood at the door of one of the pmbiic houses watching ns as the boat receded. A eaastguardsman, stick in hand, leaned over the edge of the pier gazing down at the little cluster of boats which swayed upon the gently heaving water of the harbour. The sun shone aipon a bright gilt sign of a cock or bird of aome sort over the door of one of the public booses ; and next door to this sign was another the painted head and bust of a woman eagerly inclining forwards with the rigbtarm advanced and a wreath in her hand. It had probably Jbeen the fignre-bead of a ship. These little details of the picture I re nttmber remarking as I looked at the shore whilst tbe boat leisurely drew away. What a 4flQ motionless place did Piertown seem ! The nain street climbing tbe hill was visible past the curve of the pier, and only two figures were In be seen ascending it. ' X cannot understood bow you men get a living,' aid I to Bill Hitchena. ' We don't onderstand it ourselves, lady,' jaaidhe. ' You are boatmen, but nobody hires yonr foots,' said L *' How do you live?'' *'' It's a riddle, mum,' answered Hitchene, ' and there ain't no answer to it.' ' Yet those boatmen t' said I, ' who are standing upon the esplanade are comfortably dressed, they appear neut and clean, their ?clothes may be rough, bat they are fairly good And warm, they are all smoking, and I suppose ±h«?y pay for tho tabacco they smoke ; they and others like them are constantly in and out «£ the public botues, and tbe beer which they dnnk most cost them money. How do they miiijir I' * *l I've been, mas and boy, getting on fur * «ight and forty year upon that there beich,' aaidBaiHitcheus, ' and if you tsk me to tell you. hew me and the likes of me manages, vy any answer is, lady, I gives it up.' We were silent, and X continued to look at the mhore and to admire the scene of it. ' The time was,* ' said Bill Hitchens medita tively, ' veu I hoped to live to see the day as 'ad find me the landlord of a public boose. When alTs said and done, lady, I don't known that a plain wan like myself could ask for a more enjoyable life than a public Take a dirk, vet, cold sight, blowing hard and the -air full of snow and haiL Only think of the pleasure of opening the door just to look out, so as to be able to step back again into the light and warmth and all the different smells -of the Uquors,' he added snuffing. 'Only think how pleasingly the time flies in yarning *u*itn customers. Then if ever ve stand in need ?of a drain there it is, anything ye like and mothen to pay, :cos ven a landlord drinks it's always at the expense of his customers vether they knows it or not. Then thiuk again, lady, ?of a snug little parlour at the back, all shining vith clean glasses and mugs like silver, -xith a varm fire aud a kettle of boiling vater alvays ready. Ah !' ' He broke off with a deep sigh. *' I think I will take an oar,' said L **.Lor' bless mr,' he cried running bid eyes over ti;e boat. *' X've forgotten to ship a pair of skalk for you,' by which term he signified the light oars he was ui tbe habit of placing in the boat for my use. ** The ours you are rowing with will be too heavy for me, I fear,1* said L ** I dooTt think van of 'em vQl, muni,' be answered. ' Snppo«* ye try it. After you're tired of rowing we*U hoist the sail, for we ahall find more vind stirring ven we get out furder.' He adjusted the oar for me, and I seated nrself at it and begau to row. He sat iu the bowi of the boat near the tall mast 2nd £ upou a binder seat at that end of the boat which a I bad fceard him call the ' stern sheets.' I did not find die oar so heavy as I liad feared. The boatman liiid placed it so as to fairly balance it, and £ continued to swing it without Tuucb trouble. But after I bad been rowing a few minutes the pressure of the handle of the oar in my TTaap caused my rings to hart me. I endured the inconvenience until it beciiue a pain, then tilting tbe oar aud supporting it by ittjr elbow I pulled off my rings, that is to say my wedding riuu and two others — all that J. wore ? anA placed them Jjy my side ou the sail which lay in a sort of buudle along tbe seats. I uerer had Miy fcopei-sutious feeling about ! my wedding ring. Over aud ovcrajiain liail I removed it to wash my hand. With mauy women, when once the wedding ring its on it is on for ever. Well would it have been for me had I possessed the sentiment of tender and j^acef ul superstition that influences most wives in this way. .My rings being removed I applied myself again to the oar, aud for about a quarter of an honr Bill Hitcbcns and X continued to row the boat out into the open sea. By this time we' bad reached a distance of a mile from the land. The faint air had been slowly freshen ing into a little breeze, and the water -was rippling briskly against the side of the boat. I was now tired of rowing, and asking Bill Hitchens to take the '?r from me I rose from my seat and sat down near the tiller. ' May as well hoist the sail now, lidy, don't ye thiuk ?' said Bill Hitchens. ' Yes, you can hoist the sail,'1 said I, ' bat I do not wish to gp too far from the land. What o'clock is it 7' He extracted an old silver watch from some where under his jersey and gave ine tbe time. '1 wish to be home by about a quarter past four,' *tt*M I, He answered that he would set. to it, and seizing a rope which passed through the top of the mast he iioUted tbe salL He then came to where I was sitting and set the little sail upon the mast at tbe stern, and when this was done he grasped tbe tiller and tbe boat, feeling the pressure of the breeze in her broad canvass — for though she was a small boat she carried a sail that I would think was dispro portionately large for ber size— heeled over and cut through tbe water on her side very quickly. ' It's a nice soldier '« vind forthel&nd;, lady,' said the boatman. ' What is a soldiers wind ?' X asked. *' Why,' he answered, 'a vind that allows ye to go there and back wherever ye may be bound to.' ' ' The coast looks a long way off', Hitchens. ' 'It's vorking up a bit hazy, lady, but there's nothen to hurt.' ' I expect the sky will be overcast before sunset,' said L ' Do you see that bank of coast there ?' And I indicated a portion of the land which certainly did not lie in the direction whence the wind was blowing ; so that it was plain to me, ignorant as I was in all such matters, though my perception had been sharpened a little by being ina.cn upon tbe water, and by listening to Sill Hitchens discoursing upon the several aspects of his calling, X say it was plain to me that those clouds were working their way np over the land, and that if they did not promise a change of weather they most certainly betoken a change of wind. The boatman cast his eyes carelessly towards the coast and said : ' there was nothing to hurt in them clouds, be rather believed they was settling away instead of rising,' and then he changed tbe subject by asking me if my husband bad gone to London, and if it was as big a place as folks pretended it to be. (To he continued. ) 