Hit TOM BT DIGIT; Ob, A FEMALE REPORTER TRACKING A 500,000dol ROBBERY. — CHAPTER JLXJL VjJ.—BBsrosnro the Stoke? Goons aim a Missrsro Daughteb. 41 Come with me," she said quietly. 44 1 will take you to them." He followed her through the room in the rear of the parlour. She took a key from under the edge of a rug and unlocked the door leading to the rear of the flat. In the first room sat her grim old aunt, wait ing like a faithful dog to be relieved of her watch. x 44 Bring out the goods," Ruby said com- wandingly ; and the old woman went to work, rapidly opening closets and wardrobes, and cupboards and bureaus, and piling the articles out in confusion as she went along, until the zoom looked like a pirate's cave. 44 1 will call off the list, and I will bother you to place here in one spot each article as I name it;" Banger said quietly; and without a word Ruby stood ready to obey, as she had done so readily all the day. Carefully he weut over the long list ; and one by one she placed the articles before him, so that he might tee they were all there. Long and tedious was the task, and weary and faint the girl who performed it. But not one murmur, not one moan of weari ness passed her white lips. Her aunt was the most faithful of subjects. She did what little she could, pointing out an. article here or there, when Buby seemed unable to find it, but never speaking. She asked no questions, sue only watched her darling with tender, adoring eyes. The only sounds were Danger's voice as he monotonously read aloud the list, and the jingle of the silver and gold. . Piled on the floor, when they had finished, J'ere thousands of precious stones, flashing their _2ight lights like the stars in a Southern sky. Most of them had graced the persons of well- known society women ; but the intrinsic value of the stones was multiplied to Diamond and Co. because they had been entrusted to than for safe keeping, as had been the gold and silver plate which formed a high mound near by. 44 Yon can use these bags to carry the articles in," Buby said, speaking for the first time to point to a bundle of soft cloth bags. 44 Aunt, help do the goods up," Bhe added, sinking wearily into a chair. 44 If you will allow me to suggest," she continued humbly, 44 you might get a carriage and take the most valuable things with you to Diamond's, and then return for the others. You can"— tremulously and lowly — 4 4 retain the 300,000doL until after yon get everything to the etore, so you need have no hesitancy about leaving us to guard what you cannot carry the first trip. You need not — I will be obliged if you do not — pay over the money to me until the firm baa compared the returned goods with the list of missing arti cles." 44 As you wish," Danger said coldly. When the valuables were concealed in the dark bags, Bnby sent her aunt out for a car riage, and she herself helped Danger to carry them down to the vehicle, her aunt stationed below to see the cabman did not disappear with his priceless cargo. Off Danger went with it, and Ruby watched hy the remainder until he returned. 4 4 1 shall bring yon. the money as soon as I finish with the firjn," Danger said in parting, and Buby nodded her head quietly in reply. 44 Dearie, dearie I" the aunt said, as she saw Buby make preparations to go out, 44 you must have some wine and a wee bit of something to ctay your stomach before you go." 44 1 could not eat," she replied indifferently. Have something yourself ; you must feel the want of it, but I don't want anything," 44 Ah, my darling, you'll make your old auntie Happy by having a glassful of vine," she coaxed anxiously. 44 Ho ! no !" Buby said despairingly. 44 A half-glass — — " 44 Ho, no !" 44 A mouthful— a spoonful !" 44 Hot a . drop. . Can't you see you worry my life but of me ?" the girl cried vexedly. The old woman put her apronupto her face and begged Buby to forgive her in a voice thick with tears, 44 Why don't you leave me ? Why do yon stay with' me? I only bring unhappiness to everybody about me," the girl cried, throwing herself In a spirit of despair upon the conch. 44 My dearie, I love yon. I am only happy when I can serve you. Ah, my pet, my pretty one, forgive your old blundering auntie, who tires you to death by coaxing you to eat," the old woman pleaded tenderly. 44 There, now I what an ungrateful wretch I am," Buby said with a wild, jarring laugh. Go bring me a mouthful of wine. You were' fright. I need it very much." 44 My blessed child ! The dear angel !" the old woman went off muttering happily. Buby not only drank a glass of wine, but w ffihifthed a bowl of soup which the old woman jtooughtto her, Sheohoked it down somehow, laughing rather hysterically at her aunt's exfcreniesatisfaction. ' go. rhiy l not?" to toughed when rim had finished. 44 Tril— tell Mr. Danger, if he touldomae before Anton, that I ahrilbe back shaoan ta possible- _ Bhe ran down the stabs, «BriahaH-hourlatsr she was ina rsputahle-lookiag flat-houBB on the east ride. 44 1 have brought you good, naws," she «id to the prioghi sitting in ft rocker. _ "My dear friendI maygohome ?" the girl asked, with quivering lips and ' bears filling her eyes; 44 You may. How smile, my dear mrl, and get some colour into those pretty cheeks before you present them to your dear- father and -mother" Baby said, endeavouring to speak cheerfully. 44 1 want to tell yon the good news," Baby went on, briskly, seeing the gM was likely to be overcome by Ito feelings. 41 Everything hoe been arranged, the stolen goods have been returned, every single one of them, and there is absolutely -nofkiBg to fear. You are free, free to be a happy girl. How don't you say that is jolly ne ws r" in the world," the giri. said thankfully. 44 Nowwhat shall we do ? Send word to the dear father, or " , 44 Oh, no. Let me go. home and surprise them all," the girl said, eagerly. 44 It is five- thirty," Baby said, consulting her chatelaine watch. 44 It will take about ten minute) to drive home, and you will have ample rime to tell your mother everything before your father arrives." 44 Have they any idea who robbed the store ?" the girl asked suddenly. 44 Diamond's, you mean ?" Buby replied. 4 Hot the least. The compromise has been accepted, and ©very thing ends there." The girl sighed. 44 You know how to explain everything at home ?" Buby asked, and the giri replied with a nod of the head. " Always hear in mind that only one person suspected you. That was the detective. I do not think he entertains the least suspicion against you now," Bnby said, sighing 44 It is just the same as if it had not been at all," she continued. 44 You are free. Ho one but the detective has the least inkling as to the reason of your disappearance, and his fangs have been removed since the goods have been returned. 44 1 have settled with your landlady, and she is getting your slight baggage together," Buby went on. 44 The carriage is at the door, and as soon as you get your hat and veil on we will go home.' _ Hew life seemed to surge into Maine Dillon, for it was the missing stenographer Buby had hurried to restore to her familv, as she made a few nervous preparations for departure. Her cheeks were blooming, her eyes spark ling, and happy Bmiles played upon her lips as they drove along. 44 If I have been the means of bringing you any unhappiness, or any to your good parents, will you not forgive me, ana will you not tell them how I tried to do it to save you from trouble ?" Buby said entreatingly. 44 Oh, Miss Sharpe, you have been so good to me— so very good!" Maine Dillon answered gratefully. 44 And they will love you when they know all you have done for me." 44 1 only beg you to remember my intentions were good," Buby repeated, sadly. 44 You have been the beet friend in the world to me," M&me; Dillon said, leaning forward to Mas Ruby. Startled by the caress, Buby drew the girl to her, kissing her silently several times. 44 How, you will follow slowly after me, to give me time to break it to your mother," Buby said, as she started up the stairs leading to the Dillon household. Mrs. Dillon herself opened the door, and Buby said, hurriedly, never waiting to exchange greeting : 44 1 have just seen Mamie. She intends to come home soon — very soon " 44 Oh, I am so thankful !" Mis. Dilltm broke . in, a glad light spreading over her face. 44 In fact," Buby continued, smiling, 44 1 think, Mrs. Dillon, that Mamie is " 44 Here now ?" screamed the mother, joy ously. 44 Yes ! Oh, mother, mother !" cried Mamie, springing from behind Buby into her mother's arms. Buby stepped out softly, closing the door behind her, leaving mother and daughter wrapped happily in each other's arms. CHAPTER XXXYITT. — The begnrsrrso op the End. 44 Ho one has been here since you left," Ruby's aunt said, when Buby came in. Oyer the girl's face passed a look that might. have been relief mingled with anxiety. 44 Hever .mind, you dear old creature," she , answered, with forced- gaiety, but Bhe sighed as she fiung her hat down. 44 How I am going to make you happy," Buby said, rousing herself, and catching the old woman by both shoulders. 44 Guess. How am I going to do it ?" 44 You are going to take a rest — a good, long rest," the old woman said, cautiously. Buby shook her Jiead44 Ho," and laughed. "Ho? Then you are going to buy a new dress ? Yon need one badly," she hazarded. 44 Ho, no dress. Guess, again?" Buby lauded. 44 Well, dearie, I can't guess. Are you— you going to eat a good hearty meal ?" she asked, eagerly. 44 Bight you are. Bravo I "Why didn't you guess that first?" Ruby asked, teaaingly. 44 Have you anything good ?" she asked, in feigned anxiety. - 44 I'm as hungry as a hear." 44 Oh, the darling !" the old woman exclaimed with delight. She was never so happy as when riie saw her loved one in good appetite. Then, to argued, all must he well with her. 44 1 knew vou would be fjuni&lipd; and T mo#fo a good dinner for you," the woman said, as she helped to put Buby into a scarlet robe of some soft, clinging material, and then followed her out the dining-room. Ruby ate with a pretence of hunger, while her aunt hovered her in an ecstasy of delight. 44 How have a little more. A wee bit of this ; a mouthful of that ; a taste of the other,' she insisted, and Buby, anxious to please her, ate as she was requested, laughing rightly all the while. "Haveanother glaBS of wine dearie," the old dame insisted repeatedly. 44 It will build up your blood,, and goodness knows you don't look as if you heda dropin your veins." 44 You are right, you good soul," Buby said, soberly. 44 1 need riie trine. It will help me." 44 That's right, dearie, that's right," the old woman said gleefully, while Buby muttered hopelessly to herself : 44 Help me to rive through the night." 44 1 am going away," Ruby said, suddenly,' as she arose from the table. 44 Do you want to stay here or go along ?" 44 You trill not leave me behind?" was the pleading reply. 44 Hot if you want to go—" she beggn, when her aunt exclaimed reproachfully ; a pjy pretty one, my darling, not uwtti to go I intend to stay away forever, I shall never return," she said, sorrowfully, her head droomm? deBDondentlT w whim do you start?" her aunt asked,, steadily, as if mat settled the matter «« To-morrow night," Buby answered, wal»- ingeadly out of-the room. Some rime after Danger oame. The meeting between him and Buby was very cold and constrained. , . ., 44 1 have brought the money,' _ he said, stiffly, putting down his hat by lua -Buby looked down at the carpet, but made no answer. . . ... 44 Here it is," he added, drawing Torth a package from his inside pocket. 44 You will please <wnnt it now to see that there axe SOO.OOOdoL as agreed." Ruhr took the package, and taking off the rubber and outside wrapping, found three bundles containing 100, flOOdcu. each. 44 It is perfectly corfect," to «»» wi» sfcff lips and a strange, unnatural voice. 44 tHat, we will consider the affair settled. Diamonds have their goodv to— tMeves have their liberal compromise ; Duffy, the watch man, been released, and. I uo not see 'that any one has lost anything hy the transaction, except myBelf," he said, bitterly. Buby fait her lips, ana her fingers interlaced nervously, but she could not make any reply. 44 What I have lost no human being can re store. Men have killed themselves under less provocation. I ahull not die, hut how am I to live without hope, without happiness, with every good and true instinct shattered, with only tine memory of having found in my goblet of love file vilest, most poisonous fiend " She raised her hand entreatingly before he could finish his hitter, bitter speech. 44 1 do not g«k you to spare me," she said lowly. 44 1 never beg for mercy But harsh words and vile names can avail yon nothing. They cannot increase my sufferings ; they can not lessen yours." 14 xou are right," he said coiaiy, wneu ner low, plaintive voice ceased.. 44 Ho words, no acts can change what is But, oh, the agony that is mine!" He clasped his hands across his eyes as he wailed forth the misery that possessed his soul. 44 If I only If I knew what could temper your grief, what would heal your wounds, I would die to accomplish it I" she cried woefully. 44 Tear out love and plant hatred in its place, blight memory, benumb feeling, still the quivering of my nerves, step the throbbing of my heart, blot from my eyes the image of your self, andyou. will heal me 1" he cried in deepest agony. She laughed a long, mirthless laugh. 44 Will you remain with me this evening and let me heal you? I promise to send you 'away with hatred replacing love. ,. Promise to let.me talk with you — tell you a long, long story of crime, crime, crime, and Pll promise you you'll listen until at last you will find yourself waking from a dream, and you'll rob your eyes and go home thinking what a terrible nightmare you had." 44 You always promised much," he said un believingly. 44 Will you let me try ?" she asked plead ingly, heeding not his words. 44 Yes. You cannot do any worse injury than you have done already," he said re signedly. 44 Then rest yourself on the couch, for it is a long tale I have to tell, and I will draw up this large chair beside you, and and" — with a forced laugh — 44 let you see a girl stick a dagger in her heart and turn it — turn it Ah, well, you shall hear." Danger flung himself despondently upon the couch, following her bidding merely because in his desperate condition he had not will-power enougn to care to oppose any one s autnority. Buby carefully drew the inner door shut, and locked it. Then drawing up the large, softly-cushioned chair," she threw herself into it, resting her tiny, red-slippered feet en an ottoman before her. In bis fond dream of love, Danger had often pictured such a scene. How he would lie upon a couch, and, she, Ruby Sharpe, the girl he loved, would sit close beside, and be would gaze iuto her deep, thrilling eyes and hold her soft, cool hand, and listen to her tender, plaintive voice. Oh, riie agony of recalling those dream6 ! Unable to endure it, he groaned aloud, bury ing his face in a pillow as if to shut out the sight. Ruby drew her breath inward sharply, her tender eyes filled with remorseful contrition. 41 1 am ready," she said, tremulously, as she might have said had her fair neck been resting on a block ready for the axe. 44 Shall I begin?" she asked softly, as he did not reply. 44 Of' what use is it?" he cried hopelessly. 44 "Why torture me ? Let me go and fight it out alone." 44 1 am going to cure you," she said coldly. 44 It is easier to have au aching tooth out at once than to endure it for months, hoping it will cure itself. You have said if I can replace love with hatred you will he healed, and I have said" — softly — 44 for your sake— X shall do it." He made no reply, and after waiting awhile, she began in a low, mnsiCal voice to tell the story with which she thought to cure hini of his love for her. » CHAPTER XXXIX.— A SAD STORY. 44 1 shall hide nothing," she said in begin ning." 44 What you overheard last night has rendered any secrecy on my part useless, I know the nobility of your nature well enough" to fear nothing in so unreservedly confiding the whole dreadful unhappy troth to yon. 44 Many years ago, in a rich New England town, there rived a banker, prosperous, honoured and respected. He had a wife and one child, a daughter. Their life was & dream of home happiness until — until the banker introduced his dearest friend and virva.-nroci. dent of tbe bank into his family circle. From that dated to ruin and downfall .of the once happy three. 44 The vice-president was unmarried. He fell in love with the banker's young wife, and when he revealed his unhallowed passion for her, she was shocked with the disgrace of it. She threatened to tell her husband of the vile treachery of his friend, and bad she done -so there would 'not have been your misery my wretched story for you to-day. 44 He answered her threats by vowing if she brought discord between them to kill her hus band, bathe also swore if she let things go on as they they were and would forget and forgive his unhappy love, he would never again annoy herwithit. 44 Woman-like, die thought the course the better, and she promised to say nothing ..to herhushand. Everything went on then as it had done before. The rice- president was con stantly with the banker and president. They almbst , seemed inseparable, and the wife, tough uneasy ahd eonstramed. was no further troubled withProtestations of .love. Had she not often Caught an indescribable gleam in the friend's eye, die would have thought thaArie had really recovered from his mad passion. 41 At East the banker began to have curious spdlB of illness. His heart seemed affeoted, and he would lose consciousness and tell down oh to streetB, in to bafik. eveiywhere. unttl at last hA directors insisted that he should take a reBt to recuperate. " He went South, taking with him a nurse his friend had reoommended . This fact was not known to his wife until after she-fouim the nurseputting poison into the banker's food, 44 Then unhappy woman told her invalid husband all about big friend's treachery," Buby continued, with a far-away look in her eyes. 44 The disclosure almost killed the hus band, and the nurse made good his escape. Before the banker recovered sufficiently by to travel, for his health returned slowly, the dreadful news came to him that the bank was insolvent, and the fault was laid to his door. 44 111 and suffering, the hanker hurried back home, only to find that everything was gone ; nothing could be saved, and the bank was do- clared bankrupt. He knew it was all the evil work of the man who pretended to be his friynd, but ho could not establish the proof of his knowledge, so the banker who had bean beloved and respected, was driven forth penni less crushed under the curses of farmers, and widows, and orphans, who laid their losses to lis door Hi» one-time friend was ncher after fta tanlr failad than he had been bsfbis, but no one cast a reflection on him. 44 Crushed and disheartened and ill of health, riie hanker swore to hi« wife and daughter that he would go to work, and labour until he re paid thg losses which were counted against him, He swore to right himself in the face of the world, and I know that deep in his heart he also registered a vow to be revenged on the man who had played him so false. \- 44 Leaving his dear ones in a cheap little cot tage, roy far from their one-time home, he gave them all the money he had in the world, except enough to carry bite to Hew York, where he hoped to regain bis lost fortune. 44 Thinga went badly for the two left behind. They did not hear often from the absent one, because even a 2-cenL stamp was regarded as a i nm ' j ii. nrr Ht/iw Vio/1 luxury, x aey urea me iLtue iuuixcj as sparingly as possible, hut at last the day arrived when none was left. 44 You cannot picture their misery, their humiliation, when the hour came that they had toask the town grocer for trust, and the land lord to wait for the rent. The daughter, unable to bear their poverty, went out and begged for family washing, which, with the delicate little mother's aid, roe tried to do. 44 But tbi5 Hlra all things, slipped from them. The mother became ill, and the daughter, from the lack of food, found herself unable to do the heavy work she had obtained. Then their greatest misery came. They ceased to hear from the absent one. 44 At this agonising period," she went on, with a heavy Bigh, 44 they were back many months on the rent. Oh, can you, a man, pic ture their horror when they learned thaf the vice-president of the broken bank bad become the possessor of the cottage they occupied. 44 He came to see them at once. He walked in and coolly locked the door behind him. He told them the cottage was his, and their poor little bit of furniture he owned because of their arrears in rent. Unfeelingly he told them the body of the banker had been palled out of the river the week before, and like a fiend he offered to see them comfortable and free from debt, if the wife would consent to become his — his without the marriage ring. 44 You can believe in God — you can talk of the goodness of man, but I — I can only re member the agony of that time. You can cry to God to blot from your memory the image of a sinful woman who — loved you. I cry aloud to blot from my memory the remembrance of a good woman's torture, of a good man's agony, of an innocent girl's misery," she said, despar- iugly. 44 1 cannot tell you all of it," she went on, Ik! icr BH6 griiHou cuiiirui ui iivr A can only say the wretched woman at last con sented, because she was promised enough money to send her daughter away to school. He was to come that evening after dark. He did so. He caught the poof suffering woman in his arms, telling her this was a part of his revenge, that he had tried to kill her huBband and bac ruined him financially, all because he had loved the wife and she had repulsed his advances. 44 Then — then," said Buby, husMly, looking straight before her as if she saw the ghosts of the past arise, 44 the poor weary heart unable to endure more, broke, and riie woman fell from his arms—dead ! 44 Yes, she was dead." declared the girl de tective, with a dry sob. 44 Thank God, her sorrows were ended. Like one robbed ef her senses the daughter strove to restore her mother, but finding at last that all efforts was useless, that she was really past all help, she sprung to her feet and snatching up a carving- knife darted at the fiend who had caused all their misery, and stabbed him all over the face and body as often as she could. When he fell to the floor — dead, as she thought, she kissed the cold lips of her mother iu a long farewell and went ont into the night." , Danger did not cover his face now. His eyes were fixed on Buby with a look of intense in terest, mixed with an expression of horror. 44 It would make a long story to tell you riie wanderings of that girl. She travelled day and night, it seemed, getting food when she could, most often doing without because she feared to ask for it. I think her courage gave Way at last, but overcome by hunger and weariness, she sunk unconscious on the roadway. 44 When she recovered, a young man was forcing whisky down her throat. He spoke to her gently, and tenderly, his voioe awoke the tears that, until then, had refused to flow. The only thing ehe told him in answer to his ques tions was that she was alone in riie world, with out home; parents, er friends. 44 He guessed her pitiable condition, and he told her he would take her to Hew York and help her tQ get work, if that was her wish. 44 Why she lived on I do not know. But efae decided to accept his help, and she went with him. 44 He got boarding for her in a cheap place on to East Side, and no father or brother could have been more devoted and kind. 44 He tried, to banish the despair that en wrapped her like a cloak. ; he cheered her on to think even if life had been cruel to her, there was some away to get happiness out of it. 44 One day, by some thoughtles, careless word she discovered the occupation of the man who was her benefactor. It seemed to Mast .the last remnant of feeling in her, for the man who had wrecked ,her family and home had been a respected mem- ber of society, while the man who had saved her life and befriended her, and shielded her with to love and tenderness of a mother was a criminal, an outlaw, a thief 1" 44 Who was he ?" Danger inquired huskily. The thief ! Admiral Great !" to anawered gently. CHAPTER XL.— -Dangeb Leaens the Tbuth at Last. u Admiral Great? Thank God he'll live"' Danger exclaimed fervently. 44 This knowledge changed the current of the girl 8 thoughts, and she felt tot she must find work and support herself," Ruby continued quietly. There was nothing she knew How to do, and after trying unsuccessfully to get ffT I to store she went to the office of a daily um. 1 paper, and by pretending she had done I pcrtorial work before to obtained a position f 44 But nothing came easy and pleasant aatL I story-books have it. H1 | 44 The work was hard, the pay was poor, fi- ? editors were rode and cross, ana the men wnt ' insolent and intrusive. Nowhere did she flud supposedly honest man who possessed the JJ,? j Unet8 of her outlaw benefactor. ' " When things were in this state to Wa. j horrified one day to see in to startling w? linesof to newspapers the name of her I 44 Blinded and faint, to groped en thrown 1 the story to learn that her father had . I dead on Broadway riie day before laite i 44 He had died of starvation. 1 44 The account went an," to contumed, | a little catch in her voice, 44 to give what ii«? ! tained to be a history of his life. 44He was held up as dishorned and evetr. ' riling that was mean, and in the end it told of the vice-president, who toy claimed, had always befriended the family, and that one night, when he went to see the wife and daughter, who were in abject poverty r to give them aid, the daughter saw his rail ef money and tried to pick his pockets, cud faffing- iu hi 01 eqpo"ra' __ "The motor dropped dead at the fearful sight, bat the vice president recovered, thmIgfr he presents a shocking appearance from manystabs that he received. " The daughter had djaarasisd, and £&« mo it vigflaut search had failed to rifetrfe 3 whereabouts. 44 Admiral Great wont to the morgan gad pH) (he body of the poor old man whom hia own child could barely recognise, so ehandwaaha by privation. " Admiral Great also defrayed the expenses which were incurred by sending the banker to rest by the side of his wife. And than the daughter decided to have revenge. 44 She could not wreck the fortune sf the GOtUCUb UL UCX jAHM pUMUUJGU <110\. &Q;& want to creep up in the dark and murder him. This was too speedy punishment, so aha plnH-o and planned to wreck the lmilr, 44 It took a year to work into the safes, hut it was a year of suppressed rage, a year of anticipating and picturing a glorioua revenge 44 Everything that could possibly hi was carried off. 44 Then as a newspaper reporter, the gfd turned the suspicion of the upon the vice-president with such force that he wtis earn- pelled to leave the country, and theu for the first time the truthful story was told about her father, ber mother's death, mid the girl's reason for trying to commit a murder. 44 It was too late to help any one fhenTr she sighed. 44 And the girl whose heart had t amed to stone followed the vice-president to Europe relentlessly, watching him, stealing his money, sending him threatening letters, until he lost his reason. 44 1 might as well tell it all" she said, brokenly. 44 Before this was completed she bad planned and executed several very large robberies. What they were it matters not, since no one was ever caught or made to suffer for them. " The spirit of daring so possessed ber thai she could pot rest unless she was planning some bold crime. She was in a constant fere? of wild schemes. 44 When at last all Europe was agog over the bold robberies that had taken place before the very eyes of the police, the girl suddenly tired and returned to America. Her old enemy was locked in one of the worst madhouses in Europe, and she had nothing to keep her abroad. 44 She hunted up Admiral Great on her re turn, and secured a position on another news- paper as society reporter. This gave her the eniree to the homes of the wealthy, and the made good use of her position by gaining a thorough knowledge of the houses and the valuables. 44 In this way die executed the most won derful robberies, mixing in every once in a while a bank robbery, or the robbei y of some jewellery house somewhere in the United States. 44 At last she planned to rob a jewellery store that had been considered burglar-proof. She plotted and planned the whole affiiir out; laying awake nights picturing to herself the delights of showing the firm, and the public; and the police, that nothing was proof against a clever robber. 44 With this object in view she went to fhq store and asked a member of the firm, with ; whom she was acquainted, for permission to write a description of the way in which their valuables were protected and a general account of the working of the great house. 44 Permission was most heartily granted, for they thought it would be bo much advertising for nothing. 44 So the story was written, and sold to a syndicate which sent it all over the country. Then the girl met two men she knew, one was Admiral Great, as you know, and the other was a man she had met, in 'reduced circum stances, and who afterward joined forces with her." 44 The Writing Master ?" Danger inter jected. 44 Yes, the Writing hfAster," she replied, carelessly; 4 4 They listened to the girl's plans, they heard what she had already done to pave the way, and, as in everything else, they never tried to oppose her, but entered into the scheme to rob— Diamond' s. ' ' 44 Do you mind telling how it was dtmef he asked, curiously. 44 1 am coming to that," she replied, with a sad smile. 44 It was planned in advance that a mock fight should take place on the earner- They knew the h&bit; the watchmen had of sitting outside the partly -closed doors on warm evenings, and they expected to at least attract one man away from his duty and overpower the uuier &uu; get inio roe store. "It was easier than they thought. Only one watchman was cm the outside, and when the cry of4 fight was raised he rushed carelessly off to the corner, leaving the door unguarded. There was nothing for tha girl and two men to do but slip in, which they aid without parley. 44 When the watchman returned a shawl was thrown over his head, and his hands were bound, and he was gagged and blindfolded. His feet were also bound nntil the men crept upstairs and caught the other watchman, and then the first watchman was led unresists gly upstairs, hound again and laid beside his com rade. 44 This enabled the — the workers to keep eye on both the men at once, so that there would be no time for one to work loose his bonds. ".They were fed at the right hours, and the burglar alarm was.touched at regular intervals# " This was mostly done by the girl, but she# too, superintended the breaking of the safes, the j selection of valuables, and being a girl hii® less likely to arouse suspicion by any actions on the streets, she carried afar valuables away, returning re . y another load. "NW you will wonder vtore tcey were carried P First, everything was taken to : Sfother Owl's; the two men carrying Hie plate. J lad the next day the plate was put. an the safes of Madame Theresa s pawn and jewellery The diamonds ould not be treated in her thievish hands, eo they were put in a box, vhich was left with the Safe Deposit Gom- you see, the detectives could have searched for ever, and they never would have found nie goods, and if they captured the thieves, they could only have held them on suspicion, for nothing could have bean proved, and they have grown callous to the tortures of the < freezer. « There was only one detective any of these people feared. He was called The Danger. When they found that he was to have charge the case, they decided upon a bold game. «<I was to go to Diamond's and persuade feem to let me try my hand in nnraveuing the j robbery. I was successful. I went to head- ' quarters. «' I met you; you were the man 1 -had been frexned of and tru ted to watch. You were the man whose doings I was to report to those m0st interested in your discoveries. "But. I— I loved you,' she plaintively de- , ciared. Danger raised his hand as if to ward off a blow. »< Forgive me, our 1 iovea you, ana i wanted to be loyal to you as well as te thorn relying upon me ' ' X tried very hard, she said sadly. 44 When I saw you were about to blunder, I tried to save you from it. I also wished to save the poor girl from the disgrace of being accused of the robbery, for I knew the rightful thieves would never be made public, and I was deter mined no stain should blot her good name, as would have been the result. You see the horrible position I was in ? I must save her; I wanted to save you, and I could not tell you the real facts, so I had to try to outwit you. She wrote the letter as I dictated even as you were ringing my bell. I chloroformed her, and then rushed in to you. " You accused me of unfair dealings, and when vou rushed ont to search my flat, I thought everything was lost, but you did not think of the elevator. She was was in it, said £t was ruu up to the roof. " When you did think of the elevator you could not get it to move — because, unknown to you, it was fastened. " You made your mistake, I saw afterwards, although then I wasin despair, in refusing to open the door. ' This permitted my aunt to ruth up and drag the senseless girl out of the elevator on to the roof. " I felt easier then until you thought of the roof and rushed off to it. I fully expected you to come back and denounce me as a traitor, but when you returned, and I knew you had. found nothing. I wag in agony. I thought the girl had recovered, mad in a fright had fallen off the roof. " With my aunt I made a search, and f learned nothing concerning the disappearance. It was while searching on the streets that I met Ed Diamond and Maud Dick. ' Not wishing to return to my zooms, I accepted their invitation to supper. " While they were eating they told me they had seen Marae Dillon, the missing girl, earlier in the evening. She was with a man in a beer saloon. " This information made me easier, but still I was greatly mystified. "Weweut off for a drive, and you know know we fell in with you in the park.' "I started to follow you," Danger inter rupted, " when I saw Marae Dillon in a carriage passing, and it was my haste to catch her that caused the collision." "Yes, I kn«w that afterward,' Baby re- : plied. " I was so much worried by the thought of what 1 had brought upon the Dillon family by trying to save them from trouble that I de termined never to rest until I found the girl ; aud re-tored her to her people. " With that purpose in view I visited all the poor people I knew end all the low dives, where I met you the night you rescued 'Silent Sal.' Nowhere did I hear anything of Miss Dillon 44 You were also following up your clues, and you tracked Admiral Great to Owl's aud found him in company with Mira Dillon. ' This I only learned after Miss Dillon took brain fever. Admiral Great came to me to get me to help her, and it was dazing his visit that 4 Silent Sal' learned his secret. I went to MiBS Dillon. I found her dangerously ill. ''While I was with h«r Great burst into the room savins you were coming, and then escaped through a closet into the next room. " I was greatly frightened at the knowledge of your nearness. I thought yon would insist upou placing Miss Dillon under arrest, and I knew it would kill her, so like a flash an in spiration came to me, and I — I dropped on my knees beside the bed and pretended to be en gaged in prayer when you burst in upon us. " It was ail I could do to save her," Buby continued shamefacedly, " I trembled all over, fearing you would address me; but you Went out softly, and we were saved. I could not leave Miss Dillon there after that, so I seat for a physician and had her moved to another piace, where she remained until tiiia afternoon, when 1 took her home. Admiral Great was trying to see me when he saw my aunt pull Miss Dillon out on the roof. He knew some thing was up, so he carried her off and ..kept her — thinking to help me — until her illness made him oail on me again." "I suppose you planned Ed Diamond's escape r" Danger asked bitterly. "Yes. £ wanted to save you and them. Maud FhVlr OTan A frian cv# ntte when thoy were children. They were both raised iu the Foundling" Asylum. "He was good to her when they were put out to face the world as best they could. She, iu turn, fancied she loved him. They were parted for several years until they met that night you saw them together in that Bowery dive. I was as astonished as you when I saw the meeting. Maud was very anxious to meet Admiral again, so she forced him to take a diamond bracelet of hers, so he would remember to keep an appointment with : her. You know what followed. She met him. You were there, and doubtless overheard her boasting that she was going to marry Ed Diamond." " Yes, I overheard the conversation, but I thought it all related to the robbery," Danger answered meekly. ' t: When Ed's father tried to ship him off to Durope, I decided to help them elope. Maud was good enough "for Ed, even if she was poor. Nothing would have occurred excepting his escaping his father so as to marry Maud, which I insisted upon, before their departure, had I not met you and learned that yon suspected Admiral Great and Maine Dillon, and hoped to arrest them at once. To save them, 1 told you of the intended departure of the others, and turned your suspicion that way, intending aU the while to save them from yon. The letters I received, and the one the father received, were dictated by me. They were married sure enough, and I hope are happy together in Europe long before this. b all/ Buby cried, suddenly Jumping i to her feet to turn out the gas, and raising fee ensue, which let in a "flood of eaicytight, for the nigM had fledwhite she was relating tbestrsnge _ Danger rose unsteadily to his feat, passing Ms hand confusedly across his brow, as if he wsan waking from dreams, em as she had PMCuGtefl 44 Who was the banker's daughter, the rid who planned robberies, the girl who burglarised banks?" he asked stupidly, as if bewas the Spell of drugs. five's face tteaehed a death-like pallor, her tips parted in silent anguish, and her deep, wondrous eyes looked up with an Unspoken P»yer. 44 Do you not know?" she whispered frightened!? 14 1 want you to tell rae;»» he answered, greasing his hand against Ms heaxi as if it. tout lam ihnt girl /" she uttered despairingly. Catching her in his artca Danger kissed her madly; than, with a- wild laugh, he roughly flung heron the couch aud rushed blindly from the house. C5APTEB XLL — FABKWKK. JLSGBBS HAPPY. 44 You are feeling quite strong," Baby said gently to Admiral Great, as she bent over the white not on which be lay in a private ward. " I should be satisfied and content if I thought all was well with you," he replied, ins bine eyes fixed anxiously Upon the pale, pretty face above Mai. My dear boy," she said in her caressing manner, while a shadow of a smile swept her white lips, ' should I not be happy? There is one hundzed thousand dollars deposited to your credit in the — — Bank, and a like amount for the dear old master. I have sent a liberal present to Miss Dillon, who thinks the pair of us are the kindest people she ever met, and whose father imagines he owes us ail untold debt for saving his daughter from arrest." _ "What are you going to dof Princess ?" he asked, still anxious. "I? My dear boy, I can hardly Bay," she replied, forcing a laugh. 44 Yon are going away?" he insisted sadly, 44 Did I say so ?" she replied lightly. 44 I fesl it, he answered slowly. 44 Must you, Princess?" 44 i must," she said huskily. ct I- I made a clean confession to— to Mr. Lionel Dangerfield. Now I want to go away for a time." 44 Oh, Princess - — " he began jpassionately. But she stopped htm gently, saying : "Make it as easy as possible for me, dear. You — I grieve to leave— you have been better to me than any one on earth. I need tell you how I shall ever think of you— and wish you well. You know, dear, you always wanted to live a different life. Now you can do it. And the dear old master — he has enough to keep him the rest of Ms days. I know you wont forget your Princess — until .we meet again." " Will you tell me where you are going ?" he asked, iooking at her with adoring eyes. " I do net know yet. Anywhere, any where ont of the world, " she Baidjwith an effort to be cheerful. " But here, let me place these-roses beside you on the pillow. Are they not fragrant ? she continued. And bending quickly down she kissed "Mm softly and was gone. In the convalescent ward she went next, where her cool, dimpled hand clasped the ner vous hand of '4 the Writing Master,' " I suppose the fact that aU is serene and 100,GD0do!. is on deposit for you, makes your illne s vanish like soap bubbles,'' she said teasingly. " Bight you are, my dear. I do iongto go out to get a straight meal again," the old f el- low said gleefully. " When is it to be ?" she asked. "I'mtobedischargedat three this afternoon," was the glad answer. "You intend to keep straight heareafter, X suppose ?" Ruby asked quietly. 44 Why, child, I never did anything in my life, the old fellow said in a tone of innocence with a roguish gleam in his eye. ' Of course not. Did you ever meet any one who did f' his fair companion said sar castically. " What is the Princess going to do V he asked. " Going away for a rest," she answered. 44 To Europe ? he inquired. " Does not every one go to Europe now-a- dajB," she answered evasively. Shortly after they parted sorrowfully and Buby Sharps returned to her home, having completed all that she had to do prior te ller departure. A pale, haggard slip of a eid lay back in a steamer-chair on deck that -night as the ship ; moved silently further and further away from land. She looked toward the city as Msg as she could disoera & light and when that was no longer possible she dosed her eyes; and gave ( herself up to dreams. At the same hour Lionel Dangerfield sat in a deep chair gazing- with dreamy eyes into the heart of a drowsy wood fire. Hie legs were stretched outlistlesBly and Ms arms rested nerveless by his side. . On the floornt Ms feet lay a notehe had but finished reading If he had so desired he could have re-read the bold writing as it lay them. " I have gone forever," it read. 44 When yen read this l shall be ot sea. I shati have passed opt of your life. It wasonly a freak of Fate that oast our barges, side by-ride. os the rough oraraof life aBd, after a haadHdasp. a glance of the eye; the rough waves washed us far apart, sending yon into a havm of rest, and me —drifting, drifting on a troubled pea. If ever the day comes when yon can loos on the past as an onfy event, by to feel less harsh toward me, I regret if I hurt you. I tried to cure you at last. I kno w witfrwhat horror you regard me and my actions. It is part of my punishment to remember that, bat I sincerely pray that you may be blessed through life with a love as deep and trueas that which X gave yon. « Farewell and be happy. 'RUBY SHAUPE," 'I'HH 