r CHAPTER 1. -There are few icenes' ir New Zealand mnre grandly I:tuged thanl the OhaIl Valiey, Taranaki; the u. nu where the volunteers had formed the bivouac, on the.24tlof Decemuber, in antieipl.tion of meeting thlu rebel Maorie. .It was ChristinasEve, the titme night; I with inouo alid ataris atuddine the dark blue canolipy of heaven, as on the night of the advent of the Mnaster, ntsrly nieteen hundred years ago. The lauji iius comiposeu d of six hurti dred, rank and file, of the AucklandI Mtilles, togfether with one troop of Carer- I sham'i Horse. H The latter had pitched ! their tents on a siiall hill adjacent to where thl Coominiesariat stores had beer. piled and covered over by a large tar Ipaulin. Of the sixty men of the troup ten had been told off as a guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley. The supply of grog and provisions were only limitcd, and needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of ruin standingin a row flanking tie stores,-a terrible temptation and dangerous in the extremo to any poor tippler who chanced to have cilarge in the still dead night with no eye looking on. This idea appeared to have taken pos session of thei sergeant, for he called ti?e guard together about the watch-fire, and said: " Corades, I need !narall remind you of the general orek, isutte this morning. Weo are under mirtial latw Ihere in the ,fiel. Cotlkwl I: rto,pp, a you all know, is a very striet ellic r, atndl : ill prutish tilhe alighteat utIetic:t or c.:c.:etsness with rcverity, mind that; andi above all r'memt ter that tany ta! foulld tipsy U hile I)on duty will mnist arlredly go to the tri :ngles. TYu miulerstaud." Thliey aepeared to tunder:tanid very well that druuk,:hness; s oud, b." punished only o ith t!:e lash, attl thity glanced towards the run:-puuchioCe-ile :alt d thought the serael ut a wtrthy fellow to encern himt ael[ about tiecit nelthe. Thler were othlers aboi t the lire rihl, did not btlong to the guard. One a short, broad shouldered, jlly-loiking fellow, who had eridrintly seen mior of tocean than alrra fir,e:, if one mignt judge by his gait and his conversetioul liis tna:e was 1Bb Ctable. antd, while the -ergeant warned his itmenl, was deeply intentl attelmpting to balanllce a canlp-pet n tile rough nose of a magtaiticient water ap.tniel at Itsa aide. ' This experilent t with tile dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, via., a btre-l.egged MaI:uri lad about four teen, who stood by with tlouthiagape. The boy, who answered lt the noes tie plete of ' Santly," was ontle of that gender kinttIl las a ca1mp-fag altdl general knock about amongst the troopers. lie could sneak Eiuglish vletty well-so far as lying woent--ani was withal one of the most tmieihievous young vaga:bonds in MIaori !and. -As tihe niht waxed apace there arose a keen cast vwind, which made tile air biting cold, and set the white tents shivering like sot many sheeted ghosts under the moonlilght. Tile Ilaori lad, protwlvnt about for soett place of shelter for the night, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without Imore ado. The party round the tire gradually thifiined, until only two persons remained seo.ted by it,-Charles Stanton and Bob Cable. It was easy to perceive that a warm and sincere friendship existed be tweent e hese twain, y-t lio two melni were more opposite ill person and adisposition. Tihe one handsome, gentletnatly tnd re fined in bearing, but weak and yieldilng tu pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yet obstinate alnd detertamined as a bulldog. Hloe came these opposites to be friends? Simply through oll little act of kindness. At the strmuint. of the Ilaori stronglhold-" To l]aga "-Blob Cable lay bleeding to death! outside the entely's trench from a severe tasht in his side received during the attack. Tito volunteers were reptised, buh lt at the risk of his liie Charlie Stanton walked coolly ouat to the trenchlt ad brought in the wounded man upon his back, muidst a perfect hatilslor of Malori bullet. It I was a gallant, kindly at, and Blob hbad often spo1:enL his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. And hero they sic by tih fire, with the dog b?etween theniI, aitlI a etalla Cltask of ruoe., "which has been emtptied t t the dregs ina ighlting their Waikato campatignt over Presently there is a call for No. 4 of tie guard. Charlie Stanttnti rises hur riedly, wsahes Cable "good-niglht," aiud answears "here." it is lis turn for sentry, and he is archeld over to relieve tie th man posted on the stores. Silence teow reignit througlout tie camp, save for thte wild screech of the pelew out yonder by the lake. Santly, crouched utnder the friendly covering of tite tarpj.uli?. is suddentily ateakenied fiom his rosy dreams by the sound of voices it the vicinity. Tile Mtaori noiselessly lifts one cud of the cover ing and peeps fortri. Sergeant EUley is stamting with a lannikint in his ihand, ta:lsug to the sentry it a lo0w, earnest tulle. •" Indeed, Charlie, I see no creart harm in t.aking a glass of grogt on such a cold nitght. We tare no, in town where it could be easily obt.ained, therefore one must get it by stealth. Of course you are on sentry, dald can preventt my taking anly, but I must say at small half-pint out of one of these casks would never be missed." Pl'erhiaps not," hnswered Charlie Stanton, carelessly. " Pray do as you please, you have command of the guard; but I saty, lExley, what about that lecture you gave us respecting genteral orders and Coloinel Ilartoppl stetlr discipline .?" T:e sergeant laughed in a iluiet way, and replied, " Wait until you're promoted again, Chlarlie, then adopt my plan. One sidle for ilh men, tile other, for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with may caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sttnetimes at all the fuss and humboug lunt forth in orders general or othterwise. IRed tape anltd bullkultl, buankum and red tape to the end of the chapter. 11l bet Coliniel liartoep has not retired to his tent without a skiinfuil f grood liquar. Wihy then should we, coin rade. whio have to watch through the long ttightl it this sharp wind, not whet our whistle lwhei it is here ready at our bhanids ?' " "Bravo, Exley! Very well argued. ?My orders are to allow no one to meddle! eitlh tihe comttissariat, exceplt tie qluarter tiaster. but, I repeat. you arelny supterior otiieer, and--there are thile casks." "Good. Tiiis fellow beer seems a little npoplectic, wie will bleed hium." "Withs all my heart; but how will you d, it, throtgh his tunghilt.o?'- cried Clharlie, laughing. "lNo; only a buzigler. would go to work that way. See here, I liave. A gimblect. Nowt, keep watch while I opile thllisfellow's routlispiece." Clemeif tExley cast a tritumphant look'at hisla comlltliOtn ere Ihe. wentlt dowtn Iti lis knees to bore the rum Ipuncheont. Had the guud-nt:tured,ineonstanit diupe seen that lock, el would hase tIhouaglt twice before hob.tnobbing withi the tuLtle and crafty reounIdrel before .him. ..Bult Charlie SalCntont, nieasurnig the imai by his onm ttandard, saw npthiaing it.it save a good fellaw itt wanlt of a hnobbler, and waho had! plutik noughl to lhamtrd his: sergeant's stripes for i. - .. - Crawling from his I tir ite silently as a serptilt, Saualy behied Egtley hiolding the pantnikin over a thin etrama itasuitg from one of the ca-las. HIowe ste liquor hissed nid gurtled as' it espouted 'ilto the tiot i! lWhen the put wao full, Charlie hIell hlis thumb to the lille until tile sergleant plu~ged it uIt agail. " Now, comrade, take a nip," " After y" said Charlie, modest ly. C " The gire loft behind us," and the sergealit puie liquor to his lips, but he did not drinknly. "I'll gire e,at pledge with all my heart," respied Charlie, in procf of which lhe albi emptied the pannikin at a draught: It took away his breath frtho ioaned,ut that was nothing, for the night waIYld. " WIhat douys say; shall we refill the goblet, Stanti;?" "By all il4s, Exley," and the pot was rcpienissib " I did init pect we were going to have such a joy tine in general," said the sentry. slang himsself on one of the puneheons, wit;th!e can of rums between his knees. ' COiCe, Clem, take a sip and pass the decant:." In a short tin the e:alsure was again emnpt'y, and one more tilled. The fiery slit. was at least twenty de grees ever prid and soon began to tell on the troepert{ i" We musti eautious, e',ons.dec d not arouse thl dl epaug guard," said the sersiant, as CGdlie became rather noisy. "It is li o, paittnidniglht, and I don't ex pect thi visitg slticer before four o'clock." "01, botlrhe visitilig ollicer; pass the nappy, cgpl." " I suppjiOse u don't mind ily relievr ing you lten lour two hours are up, Ciharlie ?" "Not at all I ant content to remaiin hers till daylii4 , providing you leave ime the gimlet. lfe's your heaihh. Cleu1 , and may you Ie to ibe a general." Tile scrgeaniievatched hint with glisten "aC e hyes. '" Staldy. comailJe, you will le tipsy," hli sali " I nonsense. Mere, hold my carbine, tite lput is empty." I One a.m. by thesergeant's watch, and his companion is gowing thick of speech, and rather prosy. i li another half hour tile poor dupe is st,'ecring about, r.mral ising to the empty, air, like one of Con greve's lheres. Il will have another sip of the liquor, andhe has his way, for lie is beyond reasin:oewr, The rumi has mastered him cinplelitely ; aull, he is nothing but a grovlli:ng bundle of human ity, his laugh craecd, sense gone, and talking-ye Gods .-rubbish and ribaldry, that the sergeant grows disgusted, and leaves himi alone ithis glory. Tile otficer of the night begins his runids earlier that was expected. At three a.m. the coimissariat guard turned out at his sumnonl, and was dismissed as col rect. " lowi nmany satries have you, Ser geant Exley ?'" "Oilly one, capain !" " I will visit hit." It was usual fortwo muen of the guard, and the non connissioned otliaer in charge, to accomipsuy the olflier when visiting the sentricd Exley. called two of his comiradvs, wsi conlducted the cap-l fain over to the str.cs, but of course there was no one to elhalt age their approach. "llalt " cried tite oliier. iow's this I Where is your ealt, sergeant ?" lie asked in a tone of surpris:. Bef ore tite qiuest;lin could be answered, the iMaori lad eml'rged from his hiding, anld pinted out the dark inert forit of the tipsy sentincl stretched upon the ground fast aslee. A ilight was brought from the tent, aid they tied to rouse him, but in vaitr There appeared no need to ctiquiire low the imani got drunk on his post. T I leakinr. cask, the gim let. and ie pa11cin half full of liquor on thi ground besde himi, told its own tall'. " This is a ve'y unfortunate matter," er.ed the sergealt, with well feigned re grt in lhis teni?i " What is to be done, sir'" I S)"Done! whs, your duty, Sergeant Ex ley, of caurse," responded the captain. and pu1t another man in his place. 1'l report to Colonel Bartupp oil my return. Good iight." ,lMorning came with its rosy llush, tinging the hill tops, and kissing; the socepilg encanmp:aeire into renewed life. It fiolund 8 rgea:t Exley pacintg moodily be'fore the 'uard tein, where his unfor lunate victimi lay, slumbering off the I u:lies of illtoxicati?. '" Is this but the trelude to le'r dreaul" lie muttered. "llt, it woiuld seem to. Iere are the circle ii hills aro.und. bare and treeless, overhl1king the valley bo lotw. YTder, thie tIaan lake gleaming in the early sun likes burnished shield. What lmore! Shall the curtain rise to day ui pol, the first act of.the dream?: - the fornmed square, and the imal tied to the triangles' i 'e shall see. Charles Sranton. it wsouli have been well had thou or I never liun Kiora Selby. Poor wretch, sleep on When thou wakest, thou wilt see thelli ready. And now to rsnatch an hoousr eep. 11e turned into rie tent, and att tIit louillet te voice of Santly was heai r c :tiling for Snap, tile re triever, who ran; lisking to:iards the lad in great glee, ai1 the pair raced down the hill towards tie tent occupied by Bob Cable. 