WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILL. ' No, I do not believe in ghosts,' said an ! old lady of great experience, ' but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.' This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the land- lord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards ; then we wonder how we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age re- sults are what people are looking after. They believe in what they see ; the ' evi- dence of things not seen' is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; he cares little what medical method is employed if it cureB. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and to inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some in- fluence induces investigation before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmondson, of Mel- bourne, writes, October 21, 1890 :-« Dur- ing the past sixteen years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became more acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often prolonged head- aches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Finally I tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change,, and four bottles effected a com- plete cure.' Note what Mr. Henry War- wick, of Lónsdale-stréet, Melbourne, says : * October 30,1890.-For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the con- gestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action.' MH. J. J. NEATE, junior, of Blackheath, formerly in the employment of Messrs. Hudson and Walker, of that town, has now started in business for himself, and is in a fair way of doing very well. "Prom the outset he has made the requirements of his dientele a study, and has thus, undoubt- edly, struck the keynote of success. 