THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By W.utke Bf.s.iXT.] London. August 1, 1.891. In die year 1^37 a resolution passed the House oi Commons authorising the grant oE £1,200 every year to be expended in pensions to persons distinguished in literature, science, and art. As nothing can be done in this country without leaving the door open to a job, there was also a cljuisa including persons ?whom the sovereign might think deserving of honor. Every year since tho passing of this resolution the Governments in succession have ta-ktiu advantage of this clause in order to do a Httto jobbery. Neither Liberal nor Conservative has ever treated the resolu tion faiily and honestly for what it was meant, namely, the reward of deserving persons in literature, science, and art. Year after year the same dismal tale is told of authors aud artists robbed of the little pension.-! allotted to them 50 years ago. Every year there are foisted into the list ladies whose only claim is that their husbands, or fathers, or brothers, or first cousins were civil servants or officers. The Society of Authors had a little fight two years ago v.ith Mr. W. H. Smith. They sent up a petition for a very distinguished novelist. Mr. Smith's private secretary — of course Mr. Smith knew nothing about the matter — replied that by the regulations novelists, except historical novelists, were not admitted. The society pointed out that about 25 per cent, of the pensioners were novelists, and that only two were historical novelists. The society further asked Mr. Gladstone if he knew of these regulations. He replied that ho did not. Then the society pointed out to Mr. W. H. Smith that ho must Tiave made these regulations himself, and asked to sec them. He, or his private secretary, re fused to allow them to be seen. Whereupon the society caused two or three questions to' be asted in the House, to which Mr. W. H. Smith was fain to reply that there were no. feueh regulations. What private punishment he administered to his private secretary is not on record. Nor could tho rocicty by any means at its disposal find out. 2Cbw the list for the year is out. I fear that no one will be patriotic enough to challenge it in the House. But it is a scandalou? and a shameful list. The grant, remembor, wai in tended, jobbery apart, for persons distin guished in literature, science, and art. Fifteen grants have been made during the year. One lady gets £100 a year because her father was in the Royal Artillery. What right has that lady on a Civil list V Another gets £50 a year because her brother was in tho army. Another gets W5 a year be cause her husband was in the Civil ser vice. Another because her husband was a colonial governor ! Kino ladies get pen sions because their husbands were distinguished in literature science, and art. Three men for literature and art. In other words, three out of fifteen fulfil the requirements of tho resolu tion. As for the widows of scholars and literary men, one would not mind their being put on to the list. They are helpless, and their husbands have never, probably, been in a position to save money. Hut the four cases I have mentioned above are just flagrant viola tions of the resolution. In private life we call such things a breach of trust. I wonder if the terrible accident on the Manchester Ship Canal is the first loss of life on that great piece of engineering. Every navvy knows very well that no big work can be completed till somebody has been killed over the 30b. ? This is a very old and a very obscure superstition ; it is perhaps — but I am only a humble member of the Folk Lore Society connected with the old idea of sacrificing a man, woman, or child to propitiate the wrath of capricious or malignant deities. Skeletons have been discovered built up in church walls, and it has been suggested that they were killed with this object, and built around so that the dead body should always remain in the church. It is a very widespread, as well as a very ancient superstition. I was once witness of a very remarkable manifestation of it. There was a railway bridge being built over a broad and deep ravine ; great tubes of iron were erected, which were filled with concrete so as to form pillar?, on which the girders wen; laid. The men who worked on tho bridge were Hindoo coolit-3. They lived with their wives and families in twy camps, one at either end of the bridge. I' p to ihe time when the bridge was nearly completed no accident at all had happened.' Then, on .1 certain night, a panic seize! the Indian women; in the morning there was neither woman nor child found in either camps ; they thought the time had come_ for some one to bs' killed, so that the bridge might be finished, awl they fled, taking their children v.ith thran. Now that day, very curiously, the first accident happened. A man on the top of one of the tubes slipped and f«.41 : it was a height of about a hundred feet; he fell upon the f-tones at the bottom and dashed out his brains. Thon the women and chiMitn all came ba-:k. The sacrifice had fct«i offered ; the bridge was now ready to be completed. A very good ghost story— one of a ehurch j-;'T-1 a-.id a phantom funeral — has been printed in the Liverpool Post, and copied in the Pali Matt Uazctte, where I saw it. In the Times another supernatural bit occurs among the mattpr-of-fact telegrams in the oddest way. It t«lls how one of tho revolutionary fugitives in Chili was frozen to death in the mountains ; how in his dying moments he spoke of seeing his brother also dying, and how it was dis covered that his brother did actually die at that very moment, and in the manner Been and described by the other. This makes one inclined to draw up the chairs closer to the fire, and to tell stories about things we have heard and things wo have seen. Like the rest of mankind I am extremely fond of reading ghost stories, except at twilight, n'ovning or evening, when ghosts abound and 1 aro easily seen. My personal experience of ! s?-..oks is not niTK-h, but it is, perhaps, i!iun; | 1 han falls to tho lot of most. To be sure I h iv. ! iu:ver insulted ghosts, or hurft their feeling- ijy j pretending to disl relieve them. --,-uito id.! j inverse. I have always fr.i:n cliiM'i.j-vl (w!u-.n Hogey lurked in every dark _plao-) b.-.-n [ very much afraid of ghosts. There aro times ? when one is conscious, somehow, of the pro i sence of unseen beings. 1 beg to say thab 1. i am quite serious. These times, with ;ne, 1 are always at tv.ilijjhfc, as I 1ili\o sikl ' above. The fii'-l 'u{r'ii'«'' I ever s-w j was about ?! o'e!ii.-k 011 an evening in ?? Hupi'-mVr. 1 ]i.-.(l !*??? n v.iitin^ up to tin-. -:i-t ; niuiiK'ut ot «I:iy!iK'!it: i:. ?' ???:? -'-'? _tou dark for j 1110 !.o sen any ''?!:;'??.? .-'ii'! ? km'^'d «ni'; :!?». I | ti:m-'i1 iiimith'- -v!ii- '??-.??) n.-.- m.v- nw.i-et'nu, ;- j i.-nia!«3ii!riir-:w:is intlr- i-miii; it ni.i'ly no si^n, I but it moved abi.iii !i'-:----l-- :sly. As J. looked ic -]i.-:i[:p''.u-.'J. J u-.-is iii--:i !in:'.!- a-s .1 lj.i-'.-hfi'or j in -.ti:'-.?:ilj-'is :i-i-i ::iv .mcr door wa-s clos-jd, ] m 1'i.a ii- I1..- -.!??? ...j:;1 ':.??' i;» tlie rj.nii --\\- j \--.l)L ]i!\s-lf. AnotiuM- c\\]-'..'ricMi-:e, ami :i far I is;-'re s:ii«ul;ir onu v..Uiiiii-J. 1 v.'as tr.tvclliii^ in : -,.--,: Yamix-iiaiul, \\.in.r-; ..'.cryloily Hoe ghost--, j : :ui vhinks it !i--iriiii-f out of the common; i i-. i-- h ?.-.-jiHitry :iii'-.ni'!in!i.iii ghosts and ghost; ' M-ii-i.'S. 'l.'h.i'il.-iv I !i:i«i .-.iniiii; in driving over :\ wii'i aii'i lonwy ni''- m ??-?? village situated in ; t!i-- li-.iclst or ic a villrujo built round the I n = -:i'lrj:si^lo of ivh-ii 1::m1 bf«n a monastery, j 'ilii:!-.: was tii-' 'i.i ;j:il.t' 3'^ft ; part of liie ! v,..]'i; the qiin.'t vilh'-^o enclosud by thy o!d w:sil : tlu-. c.HiVi-iii i-ii.ijj^, »o»v t!ie parish [ i-ii-i/. ii : Un-i-4! xi'io 'inly two ?.?-.? tiiido hundred . jM.'iiM.- li\ing liiri;: .mts:«!f r.'in and b.i\jijk-A ] thv'tr-nit str.am v.ith its hiffh bank ooviivd ? with ljiihl:ca and biv.iablcs a:i'.l wild ila-.vevs. ; All i.mnd riUuL- in...! th.: iiiour. At 'Jio liui. I vii.nxi !. took some i--« or nonietiiing, tlioy j tall;*-'! !?- i'-^ a?.»)iit th-' past; the plu-e wm i iill.-.i wivh echoes of thopasc; whi.-spcrs:i!i-l ! \ui-:xs wt-rc Jieai-d i'.I ni^ht ; things ha-.i but-n ! .-von in the bedrooms. A wo.'idi.-rful pluw ; | is.jwiici'u ife iii KiiKiaisd is there a more won- ! derfnl pliieo. ! druve luck and spent the oven- i ing alune in my inn, leading i.M3rtain boolis of ] the -/ucen An lie time, and at II o'clock went , tiff to bed. !My room was si vtji-y old room, and | tlie inn itself was at kast :W9 J'olik old. All ! ihis is introduction in order toahoiv yon whv 1 the thing that i saw look the shape that it did. | For in the middle of tlie night J. woke sud denly and sat up, sfcirlfed. 3 found the room i perfettly light ; the door which I had locked j flew open, and there walked in three ladies, j dressed in the tjuecn Anne costume, with the | pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I un derstood how beautiful was tho Queen Auue dress. The ladies sitting down on chairs round the fire -which v.-as now burning mer rily), began to talk, but I know not what they said. Suddenly — it shames mo to con fess the thing— 1 was . seized with a horrid terror. I leaped, from the. bed, pulled back the curtains, and- pulled up the blind. It was about 3 in the morning, aiid twilight. Then I turned to my visitors ; they sloiriii faded away. The light slowly went out of the room ; the fire slowly burned low ; tho figures dowly became faint: they slowly vanished. Who were they ? Well. You see that I have seen things. But I have heard nothing. ?vo communication lias ever been made to me from the other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rub bish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound for it. That, you see, brings U3 to the only weak point in' the spiritualistic business. The evi dence of things seen is extremely clear — I could match my own experience by many other tales of spectral sights — but the evi dence of things heard is very very weak. For either the things heard turn out not to have been heard at all, or they are such miserable weak twaddle. Every genera tion trots out its little prophet, who hears things, and gets revelations, and performs his littlo miracla?, and get3 credulous softies to believe him. Every medium can relate conver sations with the spirit of Byron or Milton, or gome other great man. But none of them have ever gofc anything to say at all. Now, if there were ever permitted— I. am persuaded thia never will be permitted — free exchange of speech between the world of flesh and the v.-oiid of spirit, all curiosity -would Ijeset at rest, all doubts dispelled, and all anxieties allayed for ever. And although I cannot escape from the conviction that things not of the fleshly world are sometimes seen, I cannot believe that any supernatural visitants have ever been enabled to converse with men or women. Also, it is abundantly clear to rue that only men and women of the nervous temperament have ever seen anything. There, are times when one becomes irritated with the poets and the great men of the past, because they have said already what one feols that one could say over a-grain so very well with adaptation to present circumstances. Take, for instance, Edgar Poe and his ' Bells ;' why, at this moment, when there is beginning an outcry from a patient, much-enduring, long suffering people about the clanging of the church bells, one feels that if it were not for his verses one eould really produce something scathing, satiric, epoch making ; something that wotdd for ever destroy, aholish, and put an end tothenuisance. Everybcxlywho lives ina town knows the intolerable nuisance of the church bell. It is generally, to begin with, a horrible bell, cxacked, discordant, hideous, out of tune, ear- splitting. The clerfjyman starts a little fad about 8 o'clock ssrrice. Nobody goes except two or three girls. The early service has positively nothing whatever to do with the life of the people — absolutely nothing. It is not like the early mass in Spain, to which everybody goes. It does not belong to our daily life. It is outside us. Yet the beil must be rung for it — the discordant, car-splitting bell. Why? It only serves to disturb the slumbers of a thousand people. They hear it, but they do not get up to go to church because that bell calls them. They imperil their precious souls with bad language over the bell; it docs great harm to the day/e work of all whom it has disturbed, because it spoils their sleepand upsets their temper and injures . their nerves, and it calls to church no one, because the two orthreo girls who attend would go whether the bell rang or not. Oh 2 the tintinnabulation of the bells. What a world of cursing aud swearing and chocking bad language its melody fore tells ! With a clinging and a clanging and a hammering and banging, aud a driving far away of sleep and dreams. All for church and early prayers ; what a mockery it seems ! And we see the maidens three, who the eon &regation; be, inarching book in liand, demure, nicek the ding-clang to endure ; book in hand and down-dropjied eyes, and the bell infernal cries, and rasps and bangs and bawls, while the sexton tugs and hauls. Oh ' tlie tintinnabu lation of the bells, what a world of shocking temper its melody foretells ! ' Now if it had not l-een for Edgar Pee, all these fine rhymes would be my own. 