SAM MORRISSON'S EX- PERIENCES. By FRANCIS MYERS. CHAPTER I. "Steady there now ! Steady ! Keep line, will you ! Keep back, Rosey ! What the devil do you want crossing there for. Strick- land ? Whish ! Crack ! Bang ! Hillo ! Hello ! There he goes !" And from beneath the feet of the line of horse and footmen a big hare leaps and runs for his life. Out from the tussocky swamp to the open plain. Out, within a chain of the slipper, who bides his time, and then lets his dogs away together in splendid style. Away they go. Away goes the scarlet-coated judge. They splash through every little pool (for it is late autumn and wet) ; they double and drive, out in the sheeny distance a mile away. The red coat seems to flit hither and thither like a flag in the hands of a signal-man. Then suddenly one dog makes a desperate wrench, and there is a kill. The line of beaters is free to move again. The dying voice of the hare is heard "crying like a child " in the teeth of the two gaunt hounds. 'The brown dog's won — Dingo, Jim Mor- rison's dog." " Hurrah !" shout Jim and Sam, and half a dozen others, and even Rosey Dean slips the reins up her arm and claps her hands heartily before proceeding to mark the card. Strickland, young Jack Strickland, lights his white face with a cold smile as he also marks his cards, and finds himself still two horsemen away from Rosey. They continue the hunting of the hare till sundown, till the blue round of Mount Elephant, sparsely clothed with stunted trees, looms as a huge carbuncle on the bald plain ; till the broad waters of Lake Corangamite to the east glow a dull pink, and far away to the south the Otway Ranges are seen momentarily distinct though pale. " You had better get away home, R osey, says old Thomas Dean then. " It's ten to one the cook will be drunk." Rosey instantly starts into a smart trot, and draws out from the troop. San Morri- son looks at his brother Jim for a moment, then breaks away at an easy gallop, and ten seconds is beside her. The two make a bee-line across the plain. Rosey's pony trots twelve miles an hour ; Sam's big horse keeps up with an easy stride. And so they move away through the twilight. Tbey are little more than shadows when they pass down the scarcely-perceptible decline, ghost-like ; and who could think that one of the two was moving. "Ghost-like, to his doom" ? Not many evidences of doom when, two hours later on, the same pair sat together, his fingers turning a pile of music, hers wander- ing over the keyboard of the piano. She sang to him again and again. Jack Strickland sat apart with a with a lady from the city, the cold smile on the white face still, and the well-managed voice making nice replies. The other men were smoking. They came in later, and then Jim Morrison got up to the piano, and everyone wanted him to sing an old bush song. Jim roared out "Wallaby Joe," just as he would have done in the hut away north. There was a no music about it — no written music at least — yet Rosey seemed seemed to get on with him very well. , And when the the song was over he placed both his brown hands on the girl's a shoulder and bent down to whisper in her ear. "Brotherly love," said Strickland to him- self, smiling still. Strickland drove his father home to the parsonage about eleven. "Young Jack Strickland," or in formal terms Dr. John Strickland, was old Parson Strickland's son. Sam performed the same office for his Governor, John Morrison, of Bingadel ; but they had been home a good half hour when Jim Morrison came along the road and across a couple of fences to the stable-yard at a pace which would not be called slow. "I warmed up old Bruce, Sam," said he, mixing a whisky by the fire. " It doesn't matter," answered Sam ; "he'll have time enough to cool again." "How did you settle with the governor ? going north ?'' "No, Jim, I couldn't stand it — I want to go home. There are three of you out there, and my notions lie another way." "But the old man won't have a loafing life. Why not go in for a profession ? We could always back you up with all the money you would want." "He is going to talk to Parson Strickland to-morrow." "Don't — you — trust — young — Jack. "Why not ? He's clever, and must have worked hard." "Don't know why, Sam, but I say don't." Sam made no answer for a while, sitting over the fire listless, and sad-eyed, and dreamful. And Jim, smoking steadily, and taking an occasional pull at the whisky, fell to yarning in bush style, then became sleepy, and nodded, and at length let his pipe fill from his lips. Sam stirred him. "Better turn in, old man." "Yes," said Jim, gathering himself to- gether, " Good night, Sam," but before he left the room, turned and spoke again, as one who had suddenly remembered some time important. " If anything comes out of that pitch with the parson, you mind what I said to you about young Jack." One might almost have imagined that he had looked right across to the parsonage as he spoke those words, and had seen the interior of a room, where sat "Young Jack," wakeful, but not studious ; six and twenty years old, fully equipped and qualified as a doctor, a fair field before him, but a foul scowl on his face, for his day had been disap- pointing and bitter. From the time he first resolved to be some- body in the world, John Strickland had said to himself, "I will marry Rosey Dean," and from the events of the afternoon and evening he deemed it to be clear that Sam Morrison had crossed his path. Rosey was pretty, Rosey was dainty, Rosey was her father's only daughter and would be rich. John was the son of a country parson, whose stipend barely sufficed for decent broadcloth and colonial wine. John was and always had been poor as greedy, needy as ambitious. And he did not look as one possessed of much of the grace of God, wherewith the churches teach us black temptations and devilish assail- ments are resisted and overcome. On the following evening old John Morri- son said "Sam." "'Yes, sir." ''I've been talking to old Parson Strick- land. "Yes." "Young Jack wants to go home for a couple of years." "To complete his studies, of course." "I've arranged for you to go with him, Sam, and for him to look after you. You will have a chance to look about and see what the world's made of, and find out what you are made to do in it." Joy and gratitude rose together in the boy's mind, and he strove hard to shape a suitable reply. "I will try to learn all I can, sir, and I hope your generosity will not be lost." Old John Morrison seemed to catch the formal ring of this reply, and even to guess that if concealed some unexpressed thought. He answered, therefore, a little gravely. "There is no such thing as generosity from father to son, or from son to father, lad ; it's only duty on either side. I'll try to do mine, do you the same. And, Sam, remember you come of decent stock, of folks who have always found sometime to do in the world, and rough or smooth, have tried to do it. But old Parson Strickland does enough in that way. It's 'Smoke oh !' Sam, eh ? and grog time ; and young Jack Strickland will be up from town again on Saturday, and he had better come across with the parson to dinner on Sunday and we can settle matters." It was, indeed, settled already. Dr. John Strickland sat in a city restaurant on Thurs- day, a letter from his father unopened in his pocket. He was waiting for a chop. As well read the letter. There was not much change in his face as he read ; a little brightening of the eyes perhaps, and just a tremor of the hand. He read it again, and the waiter appeared with the modest chop. "Stay, waiter ; I will countermand that. Bring me turtle-soup, with chicken and asparagus to follow, and a little bottle of Gouret." Strickland and Sam were in Melbourne a little later, enroute for Europe. They had a couple of fspare days, and took a drive down the coast. They spelled a while at "The Rosebud," a fisherman's village, and strolled out on a jetty — a long, low, rickety affair — to look at the fish. Two or three flathead on the sandy bottom, a bream nibbling at the weeds — "And that, what is that ?" asked Sam, as he sud- denly observed a queer creature, almost blubber-like, with bright black eyes, and trailing tendrils like long legs about him, "What is that ? And where is it gone ?" "It is a squid. Keep perfectly still, and you will see it again. They watched intently, and the squid did begin to reappear, to gather, as it seemed to Sam, the elements of its bodily shape from all the surrounding waters. It was not rising from the bottom, or moving apparently up- wards, or towards them. It seemed to take shape to re-create or re-incorporate itself. Sam's face grew pale as he looked, and, leaning over, he touched John Strickland's arm. "What ? How ? It's a squid. Did you not do any fishing ?" Th emotion and the words disturbed the creature again. There was a flicker beneath rather than a ripple on the water, and in five seconds was still once more. Transparency perfect and absolute. The flatheads visible down on the sand, the bream nibbling at the weeds. " He is gone again. it's his way. But if you look closely you will see his eyes." Sam could see the eye of a snipe in the grass well enough, but he was not much used to water. He could not see the eye. His whole mind was bent on the marvellous evanishment, and not less mysterious re-in- corporation. It is nothing new or strange. Any fisher- man on the coast is familiar with the phenomenon, though I have never heard it thoroughly explained. It may be that the squid turns its body angle-wise to the dis- turber of its peace, or that it has some means of rendering itself transparent and thus in- visible. Or that, by some sleight of body, it gets down beneath the weeds so rapidly as to deceive the eye, and rises again so slowly and quietly as to cause no disturbance of the water. This at least is certain, it has, or ap- pears to have, a power of becoming suddenly invisible. Sam Morrison seemed to be scared rather than amused, and as they drove back to the township in the evening, he asked "Have you any idea how that is done, Strickland ?" "How what is done ?" "The squid ?" "Done ! What do you mean, cooked ? I never knew a squid cooked. They are bait, nothing else." "But I mean the disappearance." " Oh, the disappearance. Well, no, I can't say that I do ; but it is funny, and I'll inquire into it some day." "But don't you think it might be the be- ginning of something ?" "What do you mean ?'' Sam's bashfulness again baulked him, and he could not answer straight. " Why, you know, if one thing can become invisible why not another ?" " Oh, come now, you must ask me some- thing more practical than that. What a pretty mess things would be in if you or I could become invisible at will, and what fun we would have, eh ?" But there was no laugh to be got out of Sam. He sat down to read the book of Zanoni, when they reached the hotel, and dinner was served before he was aware of the hour. Rising in a hurry and leaving the book open, he went to his bedroom. John Strickland came in as he went out and picked up the book. This was the first passage which caught his eye : — " ' Be wise, and let history warn thee. Thou standest on the verge of two worlds, the past and the future ; and voices from either shriek omen in thy ear. I have done. I bid thee farewell !' " ' Not so ; thou shalt not quit these walls. I will make experiment of thy boasted power. What, ho there — oh !' "The prince shouted ; the room was filled with his minions. " ' Seize that man !' he cried, pointing to the spot which had been filled by the form of Mejnour. To his inconceivable amaze and horror, the spot was vacant. The mysterious stranger had vanished like a dream. But a thin and fragrant mist undulated, in pale volumes, round the walls of the chamber.' " Reading which Dr. John Strickland opened his eyes widely, and let the book fall to the floor. "The squid can disappear, and the sage can disappear, and why not ——;" He did not even to himself shape his further thought into words, but it darkened his brow and blanched his lips, and, maybe, set on him the first impress of a seal which became unmistakably plain at a later time. Shortly after this interesting passage they went away to England, and thence to Germany, and set to work, each following his own bent. Chapter II. A year passed, and Sam was sharply shocked out of his dreaming by a letter from his father, received when he was within a month or two of his twenty- first birthday. The old squatter was getting a hit tired of it. Sam was doing no harm, but then he never had done any harm ; the harmless youth seemed developing into a helpless man, which, to the Australian pioneer, was abhorrent as an almost similar sequence of circumstances to Sir John Falstaff. He talked the matter over with the Rev. John Strickland, but the Rev. John was full of consolation. Young Jack was living at no cost to him, and sending out kindly letters and useful parcels of literature by almost every mail. "Sam must be gaining knowledge of the world, and by-an-by he will get tired of idleness." "That's a thing I never knew, parson. I have had lots to do with idle folks, and I never knew them get tired in that way, though I generally get tired of them. His brothers are working like horses, and it is time he tightened in the traces on some track or other." "Give him till one and twenty, and then if he makes no choice call him home and we will send him out as a bush missionary if he is fit for nothing else." "Better a bush lawyer than a city fool," grumbled the unconsoled father, and went home to write the letter. The letter was reasonable enough. "It is sixteen months since you left us, Sam, and we have had very good seasons both here and out back. Jim's country has improved wonderfully, and he has had an offer of £50,000 to clear out. Both Jack and Ted are doing well, too, and I am getting old. I think if you can't see your way into any- thing it would be better for you to come out and share the management here with me. It would be folly to say I am not disappointed, lad, because I did hope that you would find a profession of some sort. However, stop fooling your life away and come out and get to work. Bring a ton of books with you if you like ; you can work and read too. I used to know some men here in the old days who would read half the night and work by day as well as any of us ; but don't hurry yourself, and if you really have made a start don't break it off. Give my best regards and kind thanks to John Strickland, and let me know something definite by next mail." " Well, what about it ?" Thus John Strickland, who had also read the letter. Sam made no answer. "What is it you really want to do ?" " If I told you would only laugh at me." "I would laugh if the notion was fit to be laughed at. It would be the wisest thing to do." "Do you remember that day at 'The Rosebud,' when we saw the squid ?" "Yes." "And what I said to you then ?" "Perfectly." "And did you never imagine that I was in earnest then, that I was hinting at the secret of all my life." "No." "Truly ?" "Truly." "What did you suppose I wanted to travel, to read, to study medicine for ?" "Well now, you see, you have turned the tables on me. If you really want to know what I have thought, and still think, I will tell you. I thought that you had ambition but that you had never been driven by the spur of poverty into any practical groove. That was the first idea. Next it seemed to me that your natural tendency was towards my own profession, probably towards its higher and more generally neglected side — psychopathology we might term it. Later I fancied there was a touch of peculiar senti- ment about you. I expected to find you writing verses, or beating backward to Buddhist, or Hellenic, or Hebraic mysteries. I think I have a little more knowledge a little more insight, now." "And can you advise me now ?" "For your welfare, yes ; but probablv not according to your desire. You must under- stand that I speak as a doctor, as a man that is, whose mind has been formed by the training which makes a doctor. If I chanced to be a lawyer or a clergyman I might look at things in another way. You acknowledge to a predilection for a something that is allied to medicine, and I think there are doors which the study and practice of medicine might open for you. And they might lead into paths which I have never travelled. I spoke of psychopathology a while ago. Did you understand the meaning of the term ? Perhaps not; at least not in the sense in which it is used amongst us. I meant the study or the treatment of diseases of the mind — the medical treatment of the insane, to put it plainly. Now, a great unknown land is there, into which only a few specialists of our profession have entered. Ninety-nine per cent. of us know nothing about it. Not one man in a hundred perhaps has the capacity or the peculiar susceptibility and sensitiveness necessary to acquire any knowledge, or make any progress there. And yet there lies a marvellous sphere of possible usefulness, and, as it seems to me, the only way of entering into the broad field of human mystery. There is partial, at times total, disembodiment. There are mind and body in utterly abnormal relationship. There you are face to face perpetually with a root of living death, or a death in life. Do you follow me ?" " Yes, yes, but—— " "I anticipated that 'but'; you would say you could not practise ; you have no qualifi- cations. 1 could show you how that difficulty might be got over. 1 could obtain permis- sion for you to visit and study in the hos- pitals for the insane. I do not know that I myself, if in your position and really in earnest, would not seek a position as wards- man in a hospital attached to such an asylum, or even go further, and get myself committed to custody as a lunatic.'' "I would do so instantly. I would not have the slightest objection." "But steady. Do not suppose that I am advising you to do anything of the sort ; and, remember, you owe a duty to your father. Also, there are your own prospects." " Never mind my prospects ; and, as for duty, there is no duty I can undertake until I have done something definite for myself." " Then you think seriously of the matter ?" "I never thought so seriously of anything in my life." Six weeks later John Strickland got a letter from London. "My dear John, — I have done exactly as you advised me. I found two medical gentlemen, not quite the sort of men whom I would trust in business, who introduced me to the pro- prietor of a private lunatic asylum, into whose establishment I am to be admitted for six months as a paying patient. I believe some certificates were given, and I signed papers, but, of course, it was only a matter of form." Here John let the letter fall. There was a terrible look on his face. The skin went wrinkling up on either side of his nose, and his eyes shone as a snake's, what time he lifts his head and pro- trudes his forked-tongue. He did not wrestle with the mood, but allowed it to pos- sess him at will, to impregnate his whole being, and to pass, but not utterly. Devils so freely entertained never do pass utterly away. Now let us see how queerly the world wags. We have so far been chiefly concerned with five persons. What are they doing just now ? There is Rosey Dean at Deepdell. She is riding her pony, followed by her black fellow and a dozen dogs. The pony is blown a bit, the dogs stream out in a long tail, Rosey whistles, and Jimmy comes up. "Plenty hot up there, Jimmy ; longa Mr. Morrison." "My word plenty." "Cattle very wild, Jimmy ? Snakes bad ?'' "Bale, big fellow Massa Morrison. Drive um wild bullock, kill um snake." "Any wild blackfellow, Jimmy ? Come along buckeening, eh?" Jimmy's eyes sparkle. " Massa Morrison soon kill um wild blackfellow. Hi ! bail up! Stand ! Hillo ! Bang !" And he gammons to ride a chase, and fire a pistol. "Mr. Morrison never shot a black, Jimmy ?" Jimmy opens his eyes and rolls them, but catching a queer look in the little lady's face says '' Bale ! Never. Only gammon." And then one of the greyhounds out on the wing puts up a hare and away they go again. Jim Morrison is about half-way back from a two-hundred-mile ride in North Queensland. He has been across to look at some store cattle, and is returning by a new track, for the floods are out. He can make no head- way without a pilot, and, having rested for an hour by a drover's camp, is anxious to push on again. But there is a shanty near by, and the blackfellow has been across with the drover's cook. "Come on, Dick," says he ; "saddle up. We must make longa road." "What for hurry ?" answers Dick. "Good fellow rain there. One more drink." "I'll break your head if you look near the shanty." "Bale you my boss. Make longa station self." "Get up on that horse, will you !" "Bale." "If you don't, I'll break your head." And he coils the thong of the whip about his hand. Dick springs across to the fire to pick up a weapon, and down comes the heavy handle of the stockwhip right across his skull. He goes down, and stays there for about half a minute, then gets up and sneaks away to the horses. Evening at Deepdell, and Rosey is coming home, late, as she knows. Jimmy has got four dogs in his arms, she has two, and old Thomas Dean stands under the verandah with a smile on his face, though he is not altogether pleased. "I'm so sorry, dad. Did you wait !" "Oh, no." "Then everything is cold, I suppose ?" "Yes, saving the water, that is just warm enough to spoil the grog." Rosey went in and made her evening meal, and toyed about for an hour with her pets. Then she drifted to the piano, and half an hour later was heard singing the refrain of a song which is not in any of the books. " And I'll wallop the ribs of Wallaby Joe, Of poor old Wallaby Joe." The stars are coming out bright in the Queensland sky, and Jim Morrison is camped on a sand-ridge, for either the whisky-bottle or the crack over the head has made the blackfellow stupid, and he has muded the track. They have a good fire burning, and beds of fern boughs, with saddles for pillows. The horses are hobbled out, and the bell is heard not far away. They have nothing to eat, but that doesn't matter much to a bush- man. "What for you ——— fool, Dick ?" asks Jim, but not angrily. "All right ; longa hut and plenty tucker to-night, only you." "Cobra very sore," replies Dick, peni- tently. " Yes ; whiskey very bad, too. Let's see your head." There is an ugly cut, but nothing serious. " Soon better that fellow." " Oh yes ; piccaninny grog make him plenty better." Jim gives him a tot from his own flask, and they are friends again. And an hour later, when all the stars are out, and the pines and myalls are exhaling their odours, while the horse-bell tinkles, and, save the snoring of Dick, there is no other sound in the night, Jim knocks the ashes out of his pipe, and sits down on a log, and in a little while he is humming too — " So he did his last gallop did Wallaby Joe; Yes, poor old Wallaby Joe." Old John Morrison is alone at Bingadel. The cook is late with his lunch, and he has cursed the cook. Mick is too early with the horse, and he curses Mick. The flies have made the old horse restive, and he sidles away in cranky style the moment a foot is set in the stirrup. When the other leg goes across his back, he chucks up his head with a snort, and smites his rider on the nose, then is conscious of whip and spur smartly applied, and tears down the avenue, pulling hard. John Morrison sits upright and steady, but there are some queer purple streaks across the red of his face. He had received a letter from Sam, and was going down to see Parson Strickland. In a comfortable room of a large house sur- rounded by shrubberies and gardens, sit a young and an old man talking. "And doctor," says the young man, "I have no doubt you will think that I am almost fit to become a genuine inmate of your establish- ment, and I know that if I told half the people in the world as much as I have told you, they would pronounce me insane. But I assure you I am very much in earnest in the matter, and I may say that it will be in my power some day to reward you very liberally for any services you may render me." " Do I understand you that you are the actual and sole heir to your father's estates ?" " Oh dear, no ; I shall only share like the rest ; I have three brothers, you know." " Yes, yes ; and you are the youngest — the favourite, the Benjamin." "Well, that's not so sure either ; but it doesn't matter. Bingadel alone will stand dividing." "Well, command me ; but you must un- derstand that I am a busy man." Young John Strickland sits alone in his room at Wurtenburg, and entertains the devil again. How, strangely, how very strangely, the world wags ! That night old John Mor- rison returned at a moderate pace, but with a bad sort of light in his eye. " I see it all," he said to himself; "the d—d parson and his son have fooled me all through. What did they care for the boy so long as they handled my money ? And they have done nothing — nothing, and have had fifteen hun- dred hard sovereigns, and my boy's gone away to London to study occult philosophy. Occult philosophy ! Ten thousand pounds I had charged the estate with for that old humbug's cub. And for occult philosophy ! I'll rob those lads in Queensland for occult philosophy ! Yes !" He had reached the home gate, and Mick was still fumbling with an awkward latch at the other end of the lane. "Mick !" "Mick !" again, and with a terrific roar. Down came Mick in wild haste, and when just about a chain from the gate down came the filly too, and broke a leg. The old man watched her get up, and saw in a second what had occurred. "It's occult philosophy, Mick," said he, "that's all ; but go round and tell George Brown to bring his gun. Let the filly alone, d—n you ; are you blind ?" And he went inside to the whisky. Evening shutting down on Australia, earliest morning not yet dawning over Eng- land, and in a bedroom, with the door locked outside and window-shutters fastened securely, leaving about six inches of open space, a lamp is burning, and a young man lies in bed awake. A voice comes to him through the wall faintly, brokenly, though if the partition had not interfered it would have been loud and harsh. "My mission, my mission, my mission, to preach, to preach, to preach, I, Isaac, having learned in the body and out of the body. Times come and go. The Rabbi Ben Ezra knows and I know, and anon we go to find Archimagus and thou ! Why tarry, tarry ?" Then broken gibberish and a few yells. The dinner at Bingadel is ill-cooked, as the lunch had been. The cook has been at the grog. Hungry, and angry, and stimulated by the powerful dram, John Morrison sits down alone and eats ravenously. An old man alone, his wife in the grave, three sons fighting for themselves out in the wilderness ; one a voluntary inmate of a lunatic asylum. He is terribly alone. The old dog, who usually camps beside him, has been kicked and cursed, and is gone down to the hut to fraternise with the men. The old man has nothing to divert him. He eats and eats, satisfying the cravings of a false or stimulated appetite. At length he is satisfied, and reclining on the sofa, sleeps. He is awakened by his overseer's voice. "Aye ! Aye ! What's up ?" "Sorry to disturb you, but I am afraid there will be trouble with the shearers." " D—— the shearers." "We must not hold on long this year, the grass seeds will be troublesome." " D—— the grass seeds !" " Yes, yes, just that." " What do they want ?" "Something about the agreement. They won't sign ours, and they want to see you, and maybe it would save trouble if I brought them up here." " Bring them up, yea ; I'll make a very short settlement with them." The overseer smiled, "But we must be thinking of the grass seeds," and went his way. In a few minutes the shearers come up to the balcony, a dozen of them, representatives of the general mob. The old man comes out, and, without greeting, asks, "Well, what's the matter now?" "Nothing the matter, Mr. Morrison, but we are union men now and want an agree- ment, you know." "Hav'n't you always had an agreement ?" "Yes, but we want our own agreement now." "And I want my own agreement" "Pity we can't come to an understanding, sir." "There is understanding before you if you like to come to it." Then up speaks some heavy-jowled, narrow-eyed, ill-looking son of the old Aus- tralian stock. "You talk very loud, Mr. Johnny Morrison; but my old man knowed you when you didn't want many shearers." "You shan't shear at all, you dingo's whelp !" bursts out the old man, all fire and fury. "You shan't one of you handle a sheep on Bingadel. I'll get blackfellows or Chinamen first, and I'll see you and every traveller on the roads starved before I'll give another man a bite on the station." And he turns abruptly and goes inside, shutting the door with a bang. The men skulk off the verandah, meet their mates outside, tell their tale, and set up a cheer. They cheer so loudly that not one of them hears a heavy fall and a crash of glass-ware within the room. Full daylight on a November morning in England. Mr. Sam Morrison dressed and cold, and a little impatient, the sunlight streaming down on him from the open patch of window above the locked shutter. From the other side of the partition the voice of the demented one still raging. "Archimagus. Yes, Archimagus, I always told the council. Archimagus and Aben Ezra agree. If now we could only open communication with the other, but — Death ! Death ! Death !" The very last of the dying day in the Aus- tralian sky, but a bright glow of lamplight in the diningroom at Bingadel, and on the floor, strewn with fragments of broken glass and china, one hand still clenched on the tablecloth he had grasped in his fall, old John Morrison dead. 