Rthletie i)oiflgs.' ' ' By "Jaw.'! ' THE LIGHT-WEIGHT CHAM PIONSHIP. ... George Dawson v. Harry Maps. Macs Looks a Certain Winner, at the Start B jt o Beaten in Seventeen Rounds kh'. ) ri Fierce, Exciting, "and Cosperate Battle. rfv ; '.l. — Fbom oub Sydket Coeees- pondent.j E\\. ;; . s move fast in the athletic world. 1- \v. :iv-e years ago there was little or no t ( u-i-t . Peter Jaraeon, F. P. Stavin, Joe G.Vdnrc.rt yoong Griffo in the boxing world, h s admirers thought a lot of the y gczOeman, he had not tnen oeaven io: Let. What a world of change since that iae-£> rvMc right! Like neat rowing, we have Utu m stifittuly bringing out good men, and ihv? v.ttcr ones. George Daweon is one uf t - latest of the boxing champions v.t bt re. He ia quite the beet so tar .r . r'is. and is about to do battle with .ui-a that haa a possible ohanee. 1 :T i .-iaer five yean, how many of the j.-c , g ators will be able to hold their \-- . rona. If he beats Mace, Daweon i tc v. miit'h. l>aw?c-2 cr 'IT \ : 1 > j ' ' /,r': V-mO 5 ' ; ' i.Mrnr, , ' >!( irtioularlv about the throat, that c 'rlends implored him to give in. \- u»d not do, ond it was declared a uraw airer o9 rounds. Jack Thompson being the referee. Toung Dawson showed wonder ful pluck, but was so had that it was thought be would never fight again. But he did, and again met Barge at Foley's. This time it was again 50 rounds and a draw, Barge's iron irs®e defying orory attempt at a knock out. iwiu were done np, their hands being gone. Be tween these t wo fight Burge met and beat the inncb- vanntcd English champion, aJso at Foley's. Then there was another lull. Burge, Dawson, Mace, and Maber claimed the vhampionsbip, and the Sydney Amateur (irmiiastic Clnb took the matter np. After J tabor defeated Foller he was matched against Dawson, it being understood that Durgo and Mace would fight tho winner in torn. Dawson put Maber through in -0 rounds, and was doclared champion for the time being. Next Jim Barge was matched against Daweon, and the omI fellow, though not knocked out, was beaten in 24 rounds. Dawson smothered hiro with the left, and Burg© did not know where he was when the referee Ftappod it. Mace, meanwhile, had come out in the Northern district, and after showing good form at Newcastle and Sydney, went on to Mel bourne, where he beat ail beforo him, and ao rleosod the Victorians aa to be called the " Australian Tom Sayers." In doe coarse the rivals were matched for a puree of £150, a belt, and the championship. Dawaon baa won the bolt twice, and the third time it will beoom hie property. He trained at Camden undc Jack Batoman. Mace trained at Brighton (Victoria), in the careful hands of Jack Barnett, who was eo rocccssfully associated with Slavin and Goddard. 1 nat is, he was there until a week of the fight, when he crossed the border and went to Mortlake, on the Fairamatta. On all form on this side followers of the game reckoned tho fight a good thing for Dawson. " Did he not have science, stamina, and pluck r" they said. Mace, of coarse, it was admitted, had aone great work, and was a heavy hitter and vicious fighter, but Dawson'a coolness ana cleverness outweighed that. Weighing the Men. From the champion boat race to the cham pion boxing match is not a far ay. And after the boil-over on the water the sports turned up in targe numbers to probably see— we say only probably— another boil-over on the boards. The match excited a lot of interest , & tvas shown in the largo lot of athletes and others who gathered at noon to see the two ui&n; weighed. Dawson stripped first, and presented a perfect picture of health ana con dition. He smiled very confidentially, too. Mu'c, who generally is rather demonstrative, was very quiet. He showed plenty of con dition, however, and Jock Barnett said he would not lose on that score. Mace weighed fkt aiid Dawson 9st 101b j and thus, with ti couple of inches the best of the height, the champion had 21b in his favor. But this was centralised by the stout build and exceptional strength of Mace, who, too, lost nothing in having two such artists behind mm as Larry Foley and Champion Amateur Spale. not for- getting clever Jack Barnett At the same timo, Jaok Fuller, Jack Batoman, and Davis, in Dawson's corner, can quite hold their own at the game. The Betting. TYbat betting there was previously was uljout even nioney. At the boat race even ironey was laid the double with M Lean. At night nearly everyone present wanted to nave a bit ou D&wson.; Special Arrangements. Approaching 8 o'clock, tho hall was well filled, but there was not the crowd that might have been expected. Owing to Mace e un fortunate infliction of deafness and dumbness, arrangements were made to have a specially told-off person to tip him when time was up iu case he was taking allowance, and to have flags at tho corners, to be exhibited, n la football, at the end of each round. Bar nett, too. was particularly instructed to worn llacc against committing himself by fooling. The Preliminaries. Sharp on 8 o'clock Billy Smith ond Holden went into the ring for the prcliminaty bout. All the prominent epoito were present, lnclud- in" some from the Mariposa, just arnved; Jim Stansbury, the new champion, and the Mating people were also present. Smith ana Holden iought three desperate rounds as if a thousand jiound depended on it, and showed some very clever work, honors being about equally Ithould be mentioned that Mick Dooley staved over to see the contest, and will go to Melbourne to-morrow to prepare for his match with Joe Choynski at the Melbourne Club next month. , . ,, Mick Dunne and Gallagher— who recently beat Jock Molloy when he shonld not have— sparred three miid rounds. Then Secretary Corbett jwsted four stalwart men at the corners of the ring with red flags, to signal to Mace during the course of the contest. _ w The Men Enter the Ring. At 8.45 Geo. Dawson, accompanied by Jack Puller. Jack Bateman, and DaTis, entered the ring. Ho awe reoeived with cheer upon ch(»r. Pirathe shook hands with BtMubnry. and then sat chatting and smiling confidentially.- Nearly a quarter of an honr afterwards Mace was helped in by Larry Foley and followed by Geo. Soale and Jack Barnett. He was mild® received. While preliminaries were being arranged, Mace, having won the tosB both for chairs and cloves, sat confidently, having approved of all the arrangements. | The Contest. At 8.55 they 6howed hands. They walked up at once to Dnsiness. After some feints and feelers, Dawson showing quick foot work and Maco breaking away well, both along the rigbt together, and got on the Bide of the head. Mace was inclined to foroo the boxing, and there were warm exchanges, Mace drawing a little blood from Dawson's cheek. Then Dawson got in nicely at close quarters again. He got Mace at a disadvantage, and pent right and left, a clinch following. Mace, however, only smiled, and appeared very con fident. Round 2— Mace chopped short vnth the right, and then toiod rahing, Dawson stepping away cleverly. A clinch followed. Msoc lea and missed, and Dawson sent in the right on tho nose. A left counter, and Mace 4Vis> mVht hnt missed. Daweon oDDer cut lightly twice, and Mace swung the right on tho side of Dawson's jaw, going dangerously near a knock-out. After careful play Dawson took a slight lead, and sent in left and right a couple of tunes, followed by a left. , - Hound 3— It was about an equaiier so far, except that Dawson was the quickest. Mace rushed, and swung on to the ribs. Dawson cot cleverly away. Mace's nose was showing the gore. He landed two lefts on the shoulder, and, after clinching, tried a back hander. Each missed with the right, Dawson being very careful of the Dummy's right. Then Mace swung ono in, and down flopped Goorge, who took his ten seconds. Up again smiling, Mace tried to finish him, bnt could not got home again before oorners were Round 4— Mace rushed round fiercely, a la Goddard, bnt Dawson either got away or clinched every time. Mace threatened, he got away. Then he swung the right, and Etaco seat ono home, at.thejaune tune send jggg Boom 5 — Dawson came 19 pretty trail, tad Maoekept la front, crowding him rooni and ae&t; in right and left time after time at close $narters, ultimately tailing down. Up again, Dawaon madeadesperateralty, the eoena of wild excitement gradnafiyfoogbt Mace to a standstill, hut was too tirod to knock him out, Mace crowding in close and saving himself. M _ Bound 6— Both went np W«U, bring first inclined to foroe. Clinches were the order, both being dead beat, but Mace'e right was still vc dangerous at dose quarters. Dawson had the best of it, but Mace kept dinohing and hogging. Mace e face was very gory. Dawson took another lead, sanding in rignt and left, Mane depend ing on one with the right Bound 7— Dawson owned with a good UK, followed with some light ones. Then four or fit® in snooeasion. ©mS after time 1 Dawson peppered Mace, and smothered his face with blood. Bnt Mace was not done for. A right hander sent Daweon down again. Up ana at it, the old tactics were repeated, Maoe hogging and working round trickily for a kaook-ouL Again Dawson rallied beautifully, and had Mace in sore trouble when dime arrived, being too eager to hear the ealL . ".7. Bound 8— After dinohing Dawsen-eeot in short, chipping rights, Maoe missing with a virions one. Then they both stacked, the pace bring careful. Daweon was smiling good- Pfttnredlv. «»»d making much ' .! r. /, . - .am® compared K . c-i t -K yrefcty strongly, . -uf ,: . t> .-roe the mime, i Wr.i .uotau-i : h"- ollowed, Daw- !. 7 - ,.aj . great encceea. : f-nv- . j »""ing in at close tu.itrArr, ; . . ;.w vadedaknodc- -jr. ? 4.:;. -ijbody's fight Boiii y-' -T't, - - a, but carefuL la- - . 1 -i «. «' U, followed by \- - u-' iv ' . .ed cleverly or vl , Dqweon only ! » 1 -to win. Feel- :». ns of bothap- X np, Dawson . . - v-w (.auw, iaxx clinches were the order. Mace sent the right in twice, and got one bock as change. Dawson got a couple of lefts, and was wiring away with both hands when corners were called. Round 12— Dawson was shaping in hie nice, free style, bnt was afraid to take liberties. Maoe kept- poking out the left and watching to swing the right Give and take cnencd, and they clinched. Mace back- heeled and threw Daweon. An appeal was made, bnt disallowed. Clinches followed. Round 13— A left counter. Then a left from Maoe on the chest sent Daweon on his knees. But he wa? up at once. Mace's left eye was in eore trouble. Dawson again forced, and got in left and ritrht at close quarters. Bat Maco bad not received his roup. Round 14— Each tried a rush, and each got sway cleverly. Mace- still hugging an( clinching, and both missing with the right Maco was much the stronger on his fog. Give and take work ended Iho round. Dawson wae looking tired, as well he might, after the fierce battle. Round 15— Tne mrno old tactics were pursued, each waiting a knock-out. Daweon took a slight lead, but his blows wero not heavy enough. Dawson got in a couple of chopping rights at close quarters. Mace cfoaoing by clinching. Round 16— Dawson got a left in the wind, a clinch following. And then carefol plat- followed, Maoe leading one in the ribs, and Dawson several in the face. Dawson was foroiog at close quarters, Maco hugging and clinching. Dawson plugged left and right at a terrible rate, and throe times sent Mace to the boards, he being helpless to do anything but to clinch. The third time corners saved Mace, the excitement being intense. Itot'kd 17 — Mace went np a beaten man, and Dawson gave him right and left. He was powerless to reply, and Foley threw np the sponge. The result was reoeived with deafen ing cheers. Remarks. The veriest glutton could not have wished for a more spirited and exeiting battle. It was as fierce even as Joe Goddard and Choynski, and longer drawn out. Dawson cannot be too highly praised for his win, After being practically a beaten man, for early in the fight he really did not appear to have the ghost of a chance. The fact was he held Mace too cheap, end knew not the power of that sledge hammer right. At times there was terrific excitement, and eome people who ought to have known better behaved badly, and can only be excused on the ground of being carried away. Mace's form was an eye-opener. Certainly he infringed tho rules by clinching and holding, but certain allowance must be made for hi? infirmities, and all's well that ends well. But the lesson taught is that a man, afflicted as he is, should not be allowed to compete. Foley did well in throwing np the spungy, as Mace was badly beaten, and had no show. Jack Barncit expressed himself satisfied at the finish. is a native of Rt-w South "Wales, ngod 22. and stands 5ft 7ra< lie learnt boxing in Bris bane, and finished his education in Sydney, where he is instructor to the Gymnastic Hall. He is the quietest and most popular of the boys. He has not kept records of bis engage ments, bnt it is quite enough to say that he was the only one at the weights to beat Jim Burge, who had been fighting for about twenty years, and had won innumerable battles. Two ties and a win with Barge, 39, 50, and 24 rounds respectively ; and the' defeat of Maber (who beat Jack Fuller), in 24 rounds, about sums up his record. Beat Mace in 17 rounds Sydney Amateur Gymnasium 28th April, 1891. Like the Connauglit men in the eong, Maoe is "all handy with the pen "and has a kept record of his battles. This is his list of Melbourne, Victoria, is a native of King's County, Ireland. He is 27 years of age. He j®® £»e wh« young. His height u 5ft Gin ; fighting weight, 9st 81b. Ho made his first «8»y as a fighter in New England disttict, New South Wales, in 1884, where he ai a TilC11 h,) wont to New- iv iV 1 1 1886. His first encounter with the gloves was with Boko Thompson, of London, in ten rounds at Newcastle, N.S.W., for £30 and gate. Mace fought through the contest with only the right hand, his left being bandaged. Beat Dick Jones the same year and place in fifty-two rounds for £50 and all gate money. Jones was unable to come to tho scratch within 48 hours. Alec j defeated Cunningham in two rounds at New- ! castle, N.S.W., for gate. Beat all comers fr; a gold medal N.S.W., in a light-weight tourna ment, 1887, at Lyceum Hall, Newcastle. Br 1 i H. Matthews, a middlo-weight, at Clip >: < N.S.W., in ton ronnds for £50 and all gr j This was pronounced the best glove enoou c " ; «T«. fought there,. Rtattiwwu raehftd fees:; ! PSBtahaaent,wd»s taaaltyknockadont with irMt rigtit tti'. &e; tow- On ha 14th of1 Mfcaoute Hall; a£ Aaiphril of Twnworth, NJS.W,, In four "xunnfii. though Campbell boasted he oeald win entity. In 1887, knocked <mtSUBSaxfat,-<4 Sydney, nt Yo!«y.,n tiro and a half ronnds, for 75 jpsr eenty sate 5 J>. James, of Maittand, in. two gonads, & gists, jfa the featherweight diMipwnjB two rounds, in a pa vote trial, in Sydney. Billy tarned it np. after hurting his right hand. Fought Frank Payne, at New- castle, bnt failetj to get the verdict after saxteen rounds. Challenged Phyne re pwtedty etaee. bnt oonld get no fight. The stake was £100 sad sate. Fought a draw withGtaorgeMulholtanikt Foley's, ia Sydney, ftaf Guity-rix ronnds, tar £50 and gate. Beat T. wHltemt/ Of Melbourne, a clean knoek-ont In two and a half rounds, f or a gate, at the AjpOUo, in 1888. Beat EUju Jaokson, id the name place, in six rounds, in May, 1689. Fought aa eight round draw with Morris, the tatter scaling list 61b. Fought a draw with Alex. Rogers, on the 9th April, 1689 at the Apollo Hu, for a stake of £40 and gate. BeatDiok Corbett, a clean knockout, in two mud a half rounds, at the same hall, on 25th May, 1889, for 75 per oent. gate. Beat young Saran, of New Zealand, previous to his fight with Corbett, for gate, at the Apollo Hall, in three rounds— a clean knock-out 18th May, 1889\. Stayed six ronnds with Jem Fogarty. at the Apollo Hall, Melboarne. Fogarty tailed in his undertaking, for 75 per oent gate, Fogarty sealed 12st,nnd Mace 8t 101b. Beat Chris. Moloney, at Canon's Commotion Hall, in three rounds, April, 1690. At the same place, knocked ont Jem Rogers, a middle-weight, in four ronnds for a purse, May, 1890. Same ptaoe beat W. King, the colored boxer, is two rounds, clean knocked out for a purse, on the 16th May, 1690. At the Crystal Palaoe, Richmond, beat Jem Ryan in eight rounds, for a £10 poise, April 1890. Brat W. King, the colored boxer, at the Apollo Hall, eight ronnds, for 75 per cont rote. Knocked ont Harry Dowting, of San Francisco, in seven ronuas, at tho Apollo Hall, Melbourne, for 75 percent, gate, March 1890. Made a draw of tcr eight ronnds, witb Jem Ryan, at the Apollo Hall, Melbourne, for £50 and rote, 1890. .Received £25 forfeit from Jem Ryan for a £100 match. 1890. At the Crystal Palace, Richmond, fought a draw for the middle weight tournament, witb large glovee. Re ceived half the prize, 17th March, 1890, Knocked out O'Connors, same place, in iliree hits. He met Billy Smith and fought himself to a stand still in four rounde after hard fighting. Mace, who was ont of condition, gave in in the fifth round. llliB fight was with small gloves for gate. Fought Jem Ryan twenty rounde for£l<K>a»ide atCurran'eRoy&l; Club rooms, Melbourne, the referee ultimately giving Mare tho verdict after 48 hours adjournment. GEORtifc. DAWSON. HARRY MACE. 