THE SOUTH SEAS. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. PART I.— THE MARQUESAS. CHAPTER X.— A Portrait and a Story. I have had occasion several times to name the late bishop, Father Dordillon, "Monseigneur," as he is still almost universally called, Vicar Apostolic of the Marquesas and Bishop of Cambysopolis in partibus. Everywhere in the islands, among all classes and races, this fine old, kindly, cheerful fellow is remembered with affection and respect. His influence with the natives was paramount. They reckoned him the highest of men—higher than an admiral; brought him their money to keep; took his advice upon their purchases; nor would they plant trees upon their own land till they had the approval of the father of the islands. During the time of the French exodus he singly represented Europe, living in the Residency, and ruling by the hand of Temoana. The first roads were made under his auspices and by his persuasion. The old road between Hatiheu and Anaho was got under way from either side on the ground that it would be pleasant for an evening promenade, and brought to completion by working on the rivalry of the two villages. The priest would boast in Hatiheu of the pro- gress made in Anaho, and he would tell the folk of Anaho, "If you don't take care, your neighbors will be over the hill before you are at the top." It could not be so done to-day; it could then. Death, opium, and depopulation had not gone so far; and the people of Hatiheu, I was told, still vied with each other, in fine attire, and used to go out by families, in the cool of the evening, boat- sailing and racing in the bay. There seems some truth at least in the common view that this joint reign of Temoana and the bishop was the last and brief golden age of the Marquesas. But the civil power returned, the mission was packed out of the Residency at 24 hours’ notice, new methods supervened and the golden age (whatever it quite was) determined. It is the strongest proof of Father Dordillon’s prestige that it survived, seemingly without loss, this hasty deposition. His method with the natives was extremely mild. Among these barbarous children he still played the part of the smiling father; and he was careful to observe in all indiffercnt matters the Marquesan etiquette. Thus, in the singular system of artificial kinship, the bishop had been adopted by Vaekehu as a grandson; Miss Fisher, of Hatiheu, as a daughter. From that day Monseigneur never addressed the young lady except as his mother, and closed his letters with the formalities of a dutiful son. With Europeans he could be strict, even to the extent of harshness. He made no distinction against heretics, with whom he was on friendly terms; but the rules of his own Church he would see observed; and once at least he had a white man clapped in gaol for the desecration of a saint's day. But even this rigor, so intoler- able to laymen, so irritating to Protestants, could not shake his popularity. We shall best conceive him by examples nearer home; we may all have known some divine of the old school in Scotland, a literal Sabbatarian, a stickler for the letter of the law, who was yet in private modest, innocent, genial and mirthful. Much such a man, it seems, was Father Dor- dillon. And his popularity bore a test yet stronger. He had the name, and probably deserved it, of a shrewd man in business and one that made the mission pay. Nothing so much stirs up resentment as the inmixture in commerce of religious bodies ; but even rival traders spoke well of Mouseigneur. His.character is best portrayed in the story of the days of his decline. A time came when from the failure of sight he must desist from his literary labors—his Marquesan hymns, grammars and dictionaries, his scientific papers, lives of saints and devotional poetry. He cast about for a new interest, pitched on gardening, and was to be seen all day, with spade and waterpot, in his childlike eagerness, actually running between the borders. An other step of decay, and he must leave his garden also. Instantly a new occupa- tion was devised, and he sat in the mission cutting paper flowers and wreaths. His diocese was not great enough for his activity; the churches of the Marquesas were papered with his handiwork, and still he must be making more. "Ah," said he, smiling "when I am dead what a fine time you will have clearing out my trash!" He had been dead about six months; but I was pleased to see some of his trophies still exposed, and looked upon them with a smile—the tribute (if I have read his cheerful character aright) which he would have preferred to any useless tears. Disease continued progressively to dis- able him; he who had clambered so stalwartly over the rude rocks of the Marquesas, bringing peace to warfaring clans, was for some time carried in a chair between the mission and the church, and at least confined to bed, impotent with dropsy and tormented with bed sores and sciatica. Here he lay two months without complaint, and on January 11, 1887, in the 79th year of his life and the 34th of his labors in the Marquesas, pained away. Those who have a taste for hearing missions, Protestant or Catholic, decried must seek their pleasure elsewhere than in my pages. Whether Catholic or Protestant, with all their gross blots, with all their deficiency of candor, of humor and of common sense, the mission- aries are the best and the most useful whites in the Pacific. This is a subject which will follow us throughout; but there is one part of it that may conveniently be treated here. The married and the celibate missionary each has his particular advantage and defect. The married missionary, taking him at the best, may offer to the native what he is much in want of—a higher picture of domestic life; but the woman at his elbow tends to keep him in touch with Europe and out of touch with Polynesia, and to perpetuate, and even to ingrain, parochial decencies far best for- gotten. The mind of the female mis- sionary tends, for instance, to be continually busied about dress. She can be taught with extreme difficulty to think any costume decent but that to which she grew accustomed on Clapham Common; and to gratify this pre- judice the native is put to useless expense, his mind is tainted with the morbidities of Europe, and his health is set in danger. The celibate missionary, on the other band, and whether at best or worst, falls readily into native ways of life, to which he adds too commonly what is either a mark of celibate man at large or an in- heritance from mediæval saints—I mean slovenly habits and an unclean person. There are, of course, degrees in this; and the sister (of course, and all honor to her) is as fresh as a lady at a ball. For the diet there is nothing to be said—it must amaze and shock the Polynesian—but for the adoption of native habits there is much. "Chaque pays a ses coutumes," said Stanislao; these it is the missionary's delicate task to modify, and the more he can do so from within, and from a native standpoint, the better he will do his work; and here I think th Catholics have sometimes the advantage. In the Vicarate of Dordillon I am sure they had it. I have heard the bishop blamed for his indulgence to the natives, and above all because he did not rage with sufficient energy against canni- balism. It was a part of his policy to live among the natives like an elder brother; to follow where he could; to lead where it was necessary; never to drive; and to encourage the growth of new babitso, instead cf violently rooting up the old. And it might be better, in the long run, if this policy were always followed. It might be supposed that native missionaries would prove more indulgent, but the reverse is found to be the case. The new broom sweeps clean, and the white missionary of to-day is often embarrassed by the bigotry of his native coadjutor. What else should we expect? On some islands, sorcery, polygamy, human sacrifice ami tobacco-smoking have been prohibited, the dress of the native has been modified, and him- self warned in strong terms against rival sects of Christianity, all by the same man, at the same period of time, and with the like authority. By what criterion is the convert to distinguish the essential from the unessential? He swallows the nostrum whole; there has been no play of mind, no instruction, and, except for some brute utility in the prohibitions, no advance. To call things by their proper names, this is teaching superstition. It is unfortunate to use the word; so few people have read history, and so many have dipped into little atheistic manuals, that the majority will rush to a conclusion, and suppose the labour lost. And far from that: These semi- spontaneous superstitions, varying with the sect of the original evangelist and the customs of the island, are found in practice to be highly fructifying; and in particular those who have learned and who go forth again to teach them offer an example to the world. The best speci- men of the Christian hero that I ever met was one of these native missionaries. He had saved two lives at the risk of his own; like Nathan, he had bearded a tyrant in his hour of blood; when a whole white population fled, he alone stood to his duty; and his behaviour under domestic sorrow with which the public has no concern filled the beholder with sympathy and admiration. A poor little smiling laborious man he looked, and you would have thought he had nothing in him, but that of which indeed he had too much—facile good nature. It chances that the only rivals of Mon- seigneur and his mission in tbe Marquesas were certain of these brown- skinned evangelists, natives from Hawaii. I know not what they thought of Father Dordillon they are the only class I did not question; but I suspect the prelate to have regarded them askance, for he was eminently human. During my stay at Tai-o-hae the time of the yearly holiday came round at the girls' school, and a whole fleet of whaleboats came from Uapu to take the daughters of that island home. On board of these was Kauwealoha, one of the pastors, a fine, rugged old gentleman, of that leonine type so common in Hawaii. He paid me a visit in tbe Casco, and there enter tained me with a tale of one of his colleagues, Kekela, a missionary in the great cannibal isle of Hiva-oa. It appears that shortly after a kidnapping visit from a Peruvian slaver, the boats of an American whaler put into the bay upon that island, were attacked, and made their escape with difficulty, leaving their mate, a Mr. Whalon, in the hands of the natives. The captain, with his arms bound behind his back was cast into a house, and the chief announced the capture to Kekela. And here I begin to follow the version of Kauwealoha; it is a good specimen of Kanaka English; and the reader is to con- ceive it delivered with violent emphasis and speaking pantomime. "I got Melican mate," the chief he say— "What you do Melican mate?" Kekela he say. "I go make fire, I go kill, I go eat him," he say; "you come to-mollow eat piece."— "I no want eat Melicau mate!" Kekela he say; "why you want?"—"This bad shippee, this slave shippee," the chief he say. "One time a shippee he come from Pelu, he take away plenty Kanaka, he take away my son. Melican mate he bad man. I go eat him; you eat piece."—"I no want eat Melican mate!" Kekela he say; and he cly—all night he cly! To-mollow Kekela he get up, he put on blackee coat, he go see chief; he see Missa Whela', him hand tie’ like this. (Pantomime). Kekela he cly. He say chief:—“Chief, you like things of mine? you like whale-boat?” “Yes,” he say. “You like file-a’m?” (fire-arms). “Yes,” he say. “You like blackee coat?” “Yes,” he say. Kekela he take Missa Whela by he shoul’a’ (shoulder), he take him light out house; he give chief he whale-boat, he file-a’m, he blackee coat. He take Missa Whela' he house, make him sit down with he wife and chil’en. Missa Whela' all-the-same pelison (prison); he wife, he chil’en in Amelica; he cly—O, he cly. Kekela he solly. One day Kekela he see ship. (Pantomime.) He say Missa Whela, “Ma’ Whala?” Missa Whela' he say, “Yes.” Kanaka they begin go down beach. Kekela he get 11 Kanaka, get oa’ (oars), get evely thing. He say Missa Whela,' “Now you go quick.” They jump in whale- boat. “Now you low!” Kekela he say: “you low quick, quick!” (Violent pantomime and a change indicating that the narrator has left the boat and returned to the beach.) All the Kanaka they say, “How! ’Melican mate he go away?”—jump in boat; low afta. (Violent pantomime and change again to boat.) Kekela he say: "Low, quick!" Here I think Kauwealoha's pantomine had confused me; I have no more of his ipissima verba; and can but add, in my own less spirited manner, that the ship was reached, Mr. Whalon taken aboard, and Kekela returned to his charge among the cannibals. But how unjust it is to repeat the stumblings of a foreigner in a language only partly acquired! A thought- less reader might conceive Kauwealoha and his colleague to be a species of amicable baboon, but I have here the antidote. In return for his act of gallant charity, Kekela was presented by the American Government with a sum of money, and by President Lincoln personally with a gold watch. From his letter of thanks, written in his own tongue, I give the following extract. I do not envy the man who can read it without emotion:— When I saw one of your countrymen, a citizen of your great nation, ill-treated, aud about te be baked and eaten as a pig is eaten, I run to save him, full of pity and grief at the evil deed of these benighted people. I gave my boat for the stranger's life. This boat came from James Hunewell, a gift of friendship. It became the ransom of this countryman of yours, that he might not be eaten by the savages who knew not Jehovah. This was Mr. Whalon, and the date January 14, 1864. As to the friendly deed of mine in saving Mr. Whalon, its seed came from your great land and was brought by certain of your countrymen, who had received the love of God. It was planted in Hawaii and I brought it to plant in this land and in these dark regions, that they might receive the root of all that is good and true, which is love. 1\. Love to Jehovah. 2\. Love to self. 3\. Love to our neighbor. If a man have a sufficiency of these three, he is good and holy, like his God, Jehovah, in his triune character (Father, Son and Holy Ghost), one-three, three-one. If he have two and wants one, it is not well; and if he have one and wants two, this, indeed, is not well; but if he cherishes all three, thou he is holy, indeed, after the manner of the Bible. This is a great thing for your great nation to boast of before all the nations of the earth. From your great land a most precious seed was brought to the land of darkness. It was planted here, not by means of guns and men-of- war and threatening. It was planted by means of the ignorant, the neglected, the despised. Such was the introduction of the word of the Almighty God into this group of Nuuhiwa. Great is my debt to Americans, who have taught me all things pertaining to this life and to that which is to come. ‘How shall I repay your great kindness to me? Thus David asked of Jehovah, and thus I ask of you, the President of the United States. This is my only payment—that which I have received of the Lord, love—(aloha).’ 