Echoes of % Week. CI OMGB MJGUSTtIS SUA ' am, -aueensuim riianrs bssbbved. ,Np, XVI; j- "Without any lapse- from veneration for the ' Bard of all Timo ono. is constrained to question . tho >. validity of th6.< Shakespearian dictum: ."/What's in a uamo.l , That, whioh wo call a roso ly any other name would smell ns sweet." ' But- Juliet was in lovo,' and lovcsiok -boys and girls habitually Bay- tho moBt inconsequent things. Do you mean to tell me that there is nothing peculiarly appropriate in the patrony- mic of the now Premier of New South Wales? His name— his highly suggestive name- is Dibbs. Bate me a B., and you will have a colloquial term for money. " Down with the dibs." "Make nunkey surrender his dibs,"' we read in the "Rejected Addresses." Now, it is a fixed idea with the Hon. Mr. Dibbs that England shall never cease to plank down the "dibs" in Now South Wales investments. ' "I had the advimtago of 'mooting Mri Dibhs. at Government House," Sydney, during tlio'.' pro'-consulahip Of LoiH Augustus LoftiW; and after dinner no talked to mo for a good half- ' liour about colonial ' finance, a subject of WhioU I knew considerably less than I do about Murray's Grammar, Colenso's Arithmetic, or Hamilton Moore's Navigation. Mr. Dibbs, wps out of office thern, but iio Bpoko oom- pl'noently of thohiiilions' sterling whioh he liad boon instrumental in borrowing from tho old country, and the many millione moro wMcli he hoped to borrow when -ho returned to power. I murmured with bated breath something aboul over-borrowing, " shortness, liquidation, smash!" "Smash!" echoed ill'. Dibbs, " and what then ? Look at our Government railways ! Thoro' s. a magnificent nssot for you!" . » I ' ' dried up ' ' and tried to oliango tlio conver sation by praising tho 'beauty of Sydnoy har bour and tho zizzog railway over tho Blue Mountains. But" when I returned homo I wrote in my diury : " Met Dibbs. Wonderful man. Millions on tlio hniiu. John Law, Ne'-ker, Tiirgot Billy Pitt not in it." So it lias toon a sweet boon to mo this wook to loaru from tho Antipodean cablegrams that Mr. Dibbs, in his address to his constituents, speaks of "the enormous resources of tiic colony, and of the absolute security whioh it can offer for muoli larger loans -than havo been hitherto raised." Tho remainder of tlio session, tlio delightful Dibbs. proceeds to say, will bo almost entirely dovotcd to finance. " Would that I could be present lit these ' Nootes Dlbbsian iu . ' " It is nice to hear about money, oven if you huvo not got any. The penniless dobtor in tlio Floct, in Hogarth's terrible piature, has by him a out and dried plan, for paying off tho National Dobt. Talking of tho Right Hon. Wiilium Pitt, somotimo Lord Wnrdon of tho Cinque Ports, who is to succeed the Into Mr. W. H. Smith in tho anciqnt and honourable office founded, tbo historian Rupin tolls us, by William tho Con queror in 1078 Y Tho last timo thut I camo out of my shell and into a . club, Mr. Goselieu wus spoken of by tho quidnunos us tlio now Lord Wurden in pme. I should liko to hear thut it was tho Marquis of Dufforin aud Ara who lind been selected, for a worthier successor to Pitt, Wellington, Dalhousie/Pslmorston, aud Gran ville it would ho surely hard to find. Aflor tho toil and trouble of two vico-royiilticsnnd half a dozon embassies and missions to foreign courts, tho most accomplished' diplomatist and ablest administrator of oiir epoch might find in tho verdant slopes of Wnlmer Castle tho balmiest of havens whoro ho could adopt tho motto whioli Brougham chose as a dovieo for his villa ut Cannes. ' ' Inveni portum ' ' .... you know tho rest, and H.M. present Ambassador at tho court of tjie Quirinnl has assuredly plnyod (and worked) . hard enough to desorvo the stately and historic repose of tho LordWar- donship of Cinquo Ports. . Iu ono of tho interesting letters from Charles Dickens to Wilkio Coljiiis, .now til tho course of . Sublication, thoro is a.lino whioh, without soino ttle explanation, may ho slightly puzzling to tho poetiiati.. Writing from the ofifceB of "AJ1 tho Your Round " in Ootobor, 1862, Dickens bogins "I write very hjistily bofore going np to seo the horrid Foolo. (who has boon ill) and thon going homo to Gad's." Why should tho large-hearted "Boz " have stigmatised tho in- offonsivo nutlior of " Piiul Pry " as "tho horrid Poole f" Is it a misprintF Or is it (whioh 1 funoy to bo tho caso) thut Diokons was tlie trus tee of a fund raised for tho benefit of Mr. Paolo in his declining years ; thst Diokens used to pay periodical visits to the superannuated humorist, who, living nB most annuitants do. to u vory old ago, grew aomewhat prosy and in oxpootation of his trustee's visits, was wont to jot down tho " bonds " of tho conversation whioh lie proposed to hold with hiin. It is imaginable that when lie got to, say " Thirty - seventhly, my dear Diokons " his inter- looutor -would oome to regard him (quito iu a friendly mannor) aa an.intolorohlo bore. Hence tho opithot "horrid." » « "Look down into tho Pomegranate, Ralph," orios Francis, the draiyor in "Henry IV." In Shakespeare's timo was "Ralph " pronounced "Rarf," so as to rhyms -witlj "laugh," "ohaff," and "half " P Professor Skeat says that it was pronouilcod "Raaf," and rhymed with "safo," whioh tho Elizabethans pro- nounood "saaf," liko tho "baa" of tho cele brated blaok slieep. Lord Tbnnyson, it has just boon announced — I know not with what truth— strenuously adheres to tlio "Rarf" pronunciation. In this oonneotion the Poot Laureato, has certainly Butlor in "Hudibras" to hook h im — A squire he hod whose name was Ralph That in th'adventuro wont him halt. And then wo havo the less classical authority of Shoridan, M.P., in his epitaph on the lap dog of the baronot'a lady : — Poor Jim, . Sorry for lihn ; Better by half It had beon Sir Ralph. I quote from memory-. -But did tho RiglitHon. R. B. Shoridan,- M.P., in his place' in' tho Commons, eulogise tho. military ssrviocs of Sir "Rarf,'.' or Sir "Raaf,!' Sir .-'.'Rofe," or Sir Ralph Aherorombio f /Up in Bdgravia tho Braumlnloal classes at presont say "Rafe"; but down at Old Bailoy Mr. Justice Charles has deolarod tho namo to bo " Ralph." ... » I hold, doforentially, with tho learned judgo; and-I vonturo to think that Butler has misled ub and Lord Tonnyson to hoot. Tlio great Samuel was tho most reckless of rhymors. Ho made "unturo" rhyme with "water," 'justieo" with "trustoes," "disparage" with "plumporridgo," "torturod" with " martyred," and "course" with "hours." » . ' Mr. Charles Dudloy 'Warrior, tho Amoriean essayist, has discovered that toll -girls sire' be coming all tho fashion in. polite soototy aorosS the Atlantic; and is at a'ioks to aocount for tho phenomenon. - It was certainly' a startling-' ono; Do ytiu remember how Nathaniel Hawthbrno, in his noidulatod hook on -English lifo and' mannore, girded at the! -British matron' arid hor daughters, oiidproclutitiodhisproforenoefor tlio slim and trim damsels of his own beloved pork-aiid-boans ami buokwheat-oakos-eating, iced water-drinking, popioorn- munohlng, gum- chewing, bird-o'-froedom-sUurin, ataiTod-andJ striped country P Well ; -ckmrn a eon gout ; oidy our Transatlantic kinsmen appear to have changed their tosto in tho'mnttor of femiriino inches with unoxpootod rapidity. Mom : Tho tallest girla'thqt I ovor mot with, in the course of many yeara going up and down on tho earth, were in Australia ; and tho very tallest wore in Now South' Wales. Thoy anil tho lnnky young colonials there " com- striiks. but what designation should wo apply to tlio prctornaturally elongated maidono that I liavo mpt with under tho Southern Cross ? There uro poppies that wave ubovo tho coni. Over and ovor again xvo have' hcon waited upon at hotels in bush townships. -by gigantio young female "poppies," rivalling tho Princess Hunoamunca or Hippolyta, Queen of tho , Amazons, iu stature. I remember once, -in a, i atoge-ooach journoy 'far beyond the reach of railways, halting for dinner bt-an' inn, . some-" where in the hush in Victoria, kopt by fivo young stetera — oil giantesses. , Tho momb. of .this remarkablo family un harnessed tho horses; " Mtohed ri p" a' fresh team, cook " some stcskaon tbo oonls — they did not bnko ariy'"dompor" ; damper is obsolete- boiled somo pumpkins, browed us some tea, arid oharged us half-u-crown ahead; all boforo you could say Jqok Robinson, so to speak; Only whon I wanted somo milk in my too I was told that there was nono, but that I could- -liavo Somo blano mango; prononnoed "blo»- monoh," if I liked. Tno "blommonoh" onmo til powdor out of-a tin labelled with tlio namo of amuoh-advortising firm in London ; yotl wub informed that tho fivo sisters kopt 40 head of 'oattio on thoir farm ; nn anomaly, this, not uncommon in tho-land of Topsyturvydom. « . Boforo tlicso lines are in print tlio senate of tho University of Cambridge may have decided iipon a_ preliminary 'pronouncement as to tho advisability or othorwiso of making tho study of Greek in'thnt famous scat of learning com pulsory. Not boing myself by any moans an academioal or professorial - person, it may Beem an not of (ippalling-tinpcrtincncb on my part to say anything whatover about tho language of Homer — what was it that Ensign Northerton said about tho reputed author of tho Iliad : "D Homo !" was it notP but ns'it happens that I scarcely remember a timo when, in singlo "oussodnoss," I did not assiduously study Greek, I may, perhaps, bo allowed to say a few plain and practical words on the subject. \- » » .' Tho ordinary school hoy is not allowed a sufficient time for lcarmng Greek, so as to be alilo to admire and to love it ; and when, as a tyro, ho is made to read it.'hin ear can scarcely .avoid tho impression that it ia a harsh,. crabbed, desperately long-syllabled and uncouth lan guage.. This, added to tlio diffloultics of tho declensions and conjugations, led the polished i but easy-going monks of tho early Renaissance todeuounco Greokos a direct in vontion of tlio Devil. But this noblest and most majestic of tongues would sound neither harshly nor un- couthly— it wonld cncliant us with all its native harmony, sonorousness, and grace, if wo could only bring ourselves to nbundon. tlio horriblo pronunciation foisted on our universities by tho Dutchman Erasmus, whoso Latin "Colloquies" wo all rojoica in, hut at whoso publio execution for his Greok horosies I would, woro ho olivo, willingly assist. » ' To_ listen to an English classical scholar spouting Grcok suggests to the cosmopolitan mind what tho cloontion of Demosthenes 'must liavo boon liko during tho pobblo stage. I recollect having been present once at a dinner of tho Grcdk Committeo at which tho chair was taken by the good Earl of Shaftesbury. Tho venorablo philanthropist had not forgotten nil his Groat, and favoured ids audience, in tho course of tho speech of tho ovening, with a lengthy quotation from tno Odyssey ; whereupon a cultured Hellenic gentleman who was my neighbour asked what language tlio noblo lord was speak ing. "I can make out 'ton' and 'tee,' and 'gar,' und ' para,' and 'do,' and 'metao' bore and thoro, " ho remarked ; " hut tho rest is in comprehensible." When I told him that Lord Shaftesbury was talking Greok ho smiled, and askod mo to pass him n pouch. » » .» Throw the Erasmiun pronunciation ovor- board, und pronounce Greek ns tho modern Greeks do, and the ordinary schoolboy may find tlio language ub attractive an the gallant studonts of the Staff College find Russian- to bo. I do not say that Greek is cusy. Nothing is easy that is to bo learned thoroughly. Take tlio multiplication tublo and long division, and " Mogg's 10,000 Cab Faros" for example. But stick to vour work, and you pill master Mogg, . aud .Bradshaw too— if you livo long enough. ' " Cookery for the army, according to an ox- haustivo articlo in tho Timet, is making sur prisingly rapid headway at Alderahot'; and. I seo that tho motto oliosou by the niurtinl .Vuttels is "Skim, Simmer, rind Scour." By the skimming, and simmering is meanf," pb- .viously, that meat should not bo liardoned by too rapid.' boiling, and tlint, while simmering,- tho. mass should be carefully reliovcd pf the fat, which oan bo vory valuably utilised lis dripping. Still, '! simmering and. skimming " induce somohow tho impression that tho stnplo of tho soldier's diet is to ho that pot an feu of which tho Fronoli troupicr is so immoderately fond. Tho British soldier should havo solid hoof, roustod and baked, and plenty of it. Fur off be tho day when ho feeds mainly on slops ! « The Father of Roform in tlio military ouisino was Alexis Soyor, erst chof at tho Reform Club, and proprietor of the Symposium at Kensing ton Gore. When, at tho instanoo of the late Duoliess of Sutherland, and by desiro of the British- Government, ho went out to tho Crimea ha found Tommy Atkins drinking dccootions of greon coffee, nnd toasting at his bivouac fire chunks of salt pork, stuck on tlio end of his bayonet. In' camp and liarraok and hospital cookery ut Buloolava and at Soutari, tho valiant Alexis worked wonders. < Ho ruined his health in tho Crimea, and came homo to dio and to ho forgotten ; but whon tho real history of tho campaign in tho Taurio Cher- soneso comes to bo written, the dovoted Fronoh culinary artists may oloim a modest tablet of recognition hard by tho pedestals on whioli will stand tho stututes of Florence Nightingale nnd William Howard' Russell. Th'oso courageous three, in thoir several degrees, did that whioh posterity will not forgot, to alleviate tho un merited misories of tho army that won tho Alma and Inkerittuu. " Bully for you !" that is an Americanism. Grateful thanks uro duo to tho csttinablo Mr. G. W. Ourtis, of Now York, for reminding; us in "Haipor's Monthly" that " tlio eccentricities of genius, tlio rcoklossncss of Grubb street, tho lawlessness pf Bohemia— all those aro unknown in tlio' story of thoso who uro tho pride of American letters." This is very true ; and pity 'tis that it should bo true, only Mr. Curtis forgets that letters as a profession in tho United States can scarcely count moro than a century of existanoo ; whereas the English Grubb street is at least 300 years old. Tho soleot band of eminent men of letters of whom America is so justly proud have all been— Edgar Foe, per haps, excepted — intensely respcotablo gentle men ; but thon it must be remembered that tho United States Government, by systematically enoouraging, rewarding and honouring, litenuy men, has dono its bost to make thom respect able. - Bonjainin Franklin was on ambassador. Washington Irving wont as Minister Plenipo tentiary to Spain ; Bayard Taylor was Minister at St. PetereWg; Rush, Motloy, and Lowell were accredited to the Court of St. Jamos's; Wliitolaw Reid is Minister at Paris ; Robert Dalo Owen was Minister at Naples; Eugene Sobuyber woh Minister at Athens ; Nathaniol Haw thorn o was Consul atLivorpool ; and Elihu Burritt at Birmingham. LongtaUow, Emerson, Presoott, Bryant, might' have had anything they oared to ask for. ' An Amorioan opiiid add a sooro of. distinguished names 'to tho list whioh I havo skotehed." But when William Makepeace Thackeray thonght that he would like to be British Minister at Washington he was snubbod,.' jeered at, pooh-poohed for his presumption.-,', The author of " Vanity Fair" ii diplomatist, forsooth I What. -could he know about the ways of mankind f Swift 1 .mako out the orodontials of Sir Horkaway Rotgnt Wildfiro, or Lord Clauds' , Cashless, or tho Hon. Nincompoop Yahoo, O.B." . '. » Spiritualists will bo delighted to loarn that tho ghost of Honoro do Buizao wns latoly present at . a table-rapping eoanoo in Paris. The illustrious eliado explained that whou ho received tho summons to tlio ghostly oonolavo ho was jritnossing ut tho Thoatro Libre tho representation of a dramatised version of his own " Pore Goriot," nnd that ho wus sittingon tho kneo of tho eminent draniutio oritio, M. Franoisquo.Sarcey. Now, Balzuo was vory fat ; ana if spirits havo any gravity ho must havo weighoa somewhat uncomfortably on M. Saroey's lap. No monjion, curiously enough, is made of tho famous gold-headed cono ' whioh was Bolzao's oonstant companion, and about whioh Madamp Emilo' do Girardid wrote so ohnrming a story. Balzac's ghbit, it is grati fying to learn, spoko most enthusiastically in praiso of M. Emilo Zola, and it is only to he regretted that ere tho spirit subsided into the vasty deep again, ho did not " prcoipitato" an outrotombp ro'manco on his hearers. But; per haps aftor all Hoporo do' Balxao was not a Mahatma. Nothing in a name ! Read the appellations of tho two fiendish young miscreants who are . under remand at Croydon, for trying to wreck a South Eastern train by pIaoing.iron.'"ohairs" on the -line. Stephen Muddle, , aged . 12, und Thomas Shove, aged 11. Muddle and Sliovo ! Sliovo and Muddle ! The 'young varlota "lived up" to their names with a vengeance. . Tho. longest melody oxtanl, so I liavo heard musicians say, is a Russian air called "Pestol," and "Ruth" and '! Garibaldi's hymn are notable specimens of protracted tunes. Still, I oanuot help asking myself what -English writer lias penned tho longest- winded sentence. Milton's famous anathema on tho bishopB in his "Reformation in England" runs to 114 words, without a break ; hut hero comes Mr. Walter Wren, who, in a letter to -the timet on tho interminable subject of "Drinking and Drunkenness," shhttcrs the Mil tonic record with a sentonoo containing 14-1 words. "Moroy, 0 Wren, King of Birds. Cruol and unnsuui Sunishmontg aro prohibited by tho Bill of lights. 1 ' Mr. Walter Wren, I believe, "takes pupils," and fits theni in a surprisingly short apace of timo to become fiold marshals, admirals of tho float, lioutenant-guvernors of Bengal, Bishopsof Sodor and Man, and Elder Brethren of tho Trinity Houso. What would his young mon think if he set them, as an oxorciso, to trans lating his hundred and forty-four words sen tence into Pindaric Greek or Horntian Latin, or tho Basque tongue — to say nothing of Romany, Sanskrit, und Volapuk. Perhaps thoy would bo of the somo -mind with tlio onlprit iv' o was given his choice between life long pciisi servitude and muding Guiecinr- dim's " History," but who had not got further thun tho War of Pisa before ho abandoned the unendurable task and went quite blithely to tho galleys. # » « « Tlio oedars of Lebanon are, it seems, in a bad way. A wall was somo timo sinoo built round thesa historic trees by Rustcm Pasha (!) when ho was Governor of the Lebanon ; hut the pro tection has been rendered useless by tho re moval — quito a la Tvrqut — of tbo gates, wliioh havo boon lifted from their hinges and aro now rotting on tho ground. Then tho Arabs have playfully "ring-barked" tho treos, and curved inscriptions, possibly from tho Koran, on the trunks, nnd altogether writes the reotor of St. John's, Edinburgh, to the papers, tho cedars are in pitinblo jeopardy. But let tlys worthy oloria ho cousolcd. Iu tho grounds of Pope's Villa, Twickenham, Mr. Homy Labou- cliore, M.P., has some splondid cedars of Lebanon, tho curliest, I boliovo, planted in England, and somo slips of whioh — without any-1 "consideration " — I am glad to believe that he would willingly furnish to tho Ottoman authorities. You huvo little idea of what a truly obliging gontlcmun Mr. Labouchere is. 