arape Shot. Inquest. Coke, more coke. Presbytery meetings. Polincen r. Drumaiis. W.C.T.U. flourishes at Kadina. Death busy in onr midst again. Split in tha Salvationists' camp. More Missionaries for New Guinea. Conflicting evidence at the inquest. Have you heard the Kdeu Love Valse! Width of Tiros Act to be strictly enforced. Free education promised in Great Britain. Quorn Town Hall to be opened on May 26. Total population of Port Piri« and suburbs 4,208. Wanted a bridge over the Capowie Creek, Quorn. Oppositionists at work maturing their little schemes. Judge Boncaut his a nice little legacy left him. Have you seen the flower garden in the cemetery ? 'Ome sweet 'Ome—so say the Pastoral Commission. Influx of Russian Jews promised—only half a million. Twenty-three feet three inohes. Are you listening, t irie 1 The aggregate rental of London is 424 millions sterling. Tennis players going to revolutionise the old humdrum life. We are waiting for an ample apology from the Pirie Standard. Intercolonial Labor Congress vigorously working at Ballant. Mr S. Milbourn to the fore again with pleasurable harmonies, Mr Oswald Brown to report on the Port Augusta water scheme. What about that Branch of the School of Mines at Port Augusta, Ebenezer Ward will speak to Port Augustans on Monday next. The ladies had a very eloquent champion at the ratepayers meeting. M,d. Willshire committed for trial on a charge of murdering natives. A bottle collector in Melbourne gets a Chancery windfall of £17,000. Tho Elder Exploring expedition have started on th.ir arduous journey. Most of the Colonial Governments bankrupt as far as present funds are concerned. The Single Tax is not such a Utopian proposal as some people would try to make us believe. Jamos Aitchison, a farmer of Worchatd has decided to contest the Legislative elections. Mr A. Poynton. local anentfor tho Shearers Union, delivering addresses on Trades Unionism. Leases, No. 1,795 and 1,796, south-west of Port Augusta, to be cut up into small holdings and sold. Our Governor hopes to reach Adelaide by May 20—he ought to be chock full of exploring information. Messrs Knappman, proprietors of two Port Pirie hotels, hive been fined ia the aggregate £45 for Sunday trading. Allan Anderson, formerly licensee of the Flinders Hotel, committed for trial at Broken Hill, for assault on a woman. Port Pirie is to be lighted with gas. The Adelaide Gas Company are the contractors for the supply at 12s. per thousand feet. A baboon suffering from a laryngeal complaint at the Zoological Gardens has been subjected to the Koch lymph treatment.. Hie Argus declares that Royal Commissions have long lives, and generally require a lot of Parliamentary clubbing before giving np the ghost Londoners eat 112,000,000 foreign eggs annually in addition to a large amonnt of home laids; they also consume 30,000,000 gallons of milk in the year. The Hon. West-Erskine, we are informed has sent in his resignation to the Legislative Council, and Mr Krichauff seriously contemplates following his example. Do not expect sweet, fresh-tasting butter from old sour cream, but rather anticipate what you will have from such over-ripe material — a cheesy- flavored, perishable product. The Economist advises the Australian colonies to refrain from visiting their British " Uncle" for a conple of years at least. The pledges offered of late have not been np to pawnbroking mark. The locomotive contract recently let to James Martin & Co., will cost the people of Australia £120,000 more than if the contract had been let to an English firm—this is establishing an industry with a vengeance. One of the alterations proposed at tbe New Chicago Exhibition,. is a duplicate Eiffel Tower, from the top of which visitors will be dropped to the ground, a distance of 1,000 feet. By the use of a specially made car and a well of water, the swift descent will be rendered harmless to life and limb. A correspondent to the Melbourne WeeUv Timet declares that a first-class weather indicator is to be fonnd in " yellow counters Queensland sugar crystals." When rain ia about to fall, tbe grains immediately becoms as loose as gunpowder, but whilst dry weather continues the sugar combines as solid as a stone. The text of the newly-discovered manuscript of Aristotle's Treatise on tbe Constitution of Athens has, according to a late file of the London limes, been published. The learned world can therefore judge for itself of the value of the treatise and its claims to authenticity. 'I he original papyrus on which the manuscript is written has been on view at the British Museum, and those who have seen it are now in a position to judge for themselves, not, indeed, of the character and age of the hand-writing, for that is a matter for experts, bnt of the prima facie probability of its being a modern forgery. The Register in a very able article oa the prospects of tbe Leigh's Creek mine concfades thuB:—We look upon it as a matter of national importance for the Government to carry on the work of boring nntil the problem is sohred, showinn what exists below this huge bed of shale, undoubtedly the thickest known in tbe world—whether oil springs or a vast seam of coal. From all we can learn the indications of something of value are sufficiently strong to warrant further operations. Speaking merely from a geological standpoint the subject is one of great interest to scientists and should be thoroughly investigated, and proved to tha bottom. Since writing the above we am glad to learn that the Government are making arrangements to continue the bore down to a depth of 2,000 ft, U BO important change takes place befor* that depth ia reached. CERTIFICATES, AS LONG AS THE LIST or DON JUAN'S tarss, are. the common accompaniment of innumerable specifics, and nothing is easier than to attach to testimonials high-sounding names with professional appendages, coined out of the fecund brains of tbe manufacturers. Bnt where authentic signatures are affixed to recommendations, tbe character of the article Btands eloquently vindicated. Perhaps no other preparation can boast of a store complete record of eminent aad reputabla names than WoLK'ft SCHNAPPS. " What do yon want T" «' Your daachtori. hand." <( Can t do it Take her as a wh^ld o t h e r ubstances! E^g*" a^^tothtdirtarbea^irtiol. 