ESTABLISHED 1851. SATURDAY, JUNE 6th, 1891. THE Port Melbourne Council, at their meeting on Tuesday, received an application from Mr H. Jennings, solicitor for the Austral-Anglo Tram way Company, relative to applying to Parliament for leave to bring in a bill to empower the company to con struct a tramway from Williamstown through Port Melbourne to Princes bridge. Mr Jennings was present at the meeting, and stated that this was only a formal application. In answer to a question, he pointed out that his company would not interfere with the Melbourne Tramway Company, but they might make arrangements for transferring from one to the other. The company he represented was. not a public body, and he would not ask for any borrowing powers. On the motion of Councillor Edwards it' was resolved that the formal consent.of the council be, given to the company to make the application as desired. The mayor thanked Mr Jennings for his attendance, and believed it would be a good thing for the district. In contrast to this reception it was notice able how another body, styled the Wil liamstown Council, treated a somewhat similar letter . from Mr Jennings. When the town clerk read it aloud at the table that gentleman, somewhat unnecessarily it appeared to us, added " But I would strongly advise the council not to sign, because if the com pany get an Act of Parliament it will over-ride everthing else." Now we have too high an opinion of our worthy town clerk's ability to advise upon ticklish points of municipal law to for one moment impute that he would intrude advice upon councillors without mature deliberation, but in. a case ,where "leave to construct" had.to be formally obtained it certainly. seemed peculiar that a hitch should occur in. proceed ings. The Syndicate are extremely anxious to start the work of constriict ion; the inhabitants of Williamstown are clamouring for their trams; the council' have confirmied their.. agree ment over again.durinng" the -past month, and we trust that, the present application will' receive the prompt elucidation at the hands of the Mayor, Crs Styles aid Hick as the last formal tramh-business 'did.; Further inquiry, however, has revealed the whyases and wherefores of the present 'block to lie in. a. peculiar interpretation of the Syndicate's 'request. 'It is public property that the Syndicate intends to float the' Williamstown scheme in the money market, and that colonial agents have the necessary amount awaiting taking up. They desire to secure the right to constructas a neces sary asset for floating, and, so opine cer tain-councillors,-have applied. to secure it .against other possible competitors. 'This seems a reasonable business pre caution on the part of honest business men, and should not create a scare in the minds of councillors seeing that no application for a similar privilege has ever being received. The next bugbear that frightens cer tain councillors is the thought that the Syndicate might desire to sell their conceded rights to the Melbourne Tramway Company and thereby reap a handsomeprofit that otherwise might fall into the council coffers by means of a direct transaction. To this we say that a blockage of transactions on the bare chance of such a contingency -would be the height of meanness, and a lasting blot on the town's fair name. Since the above was written we have been reliably informed that Mr Jenkins has made an explanation of the Syndicate's intentions that will perfectly satisfy the Council. AsrocosT the multitude of bills which will be introduced by the Government during the next session, is one for the abolition of plural voting that is bound to attract public attention and exer cise the keenest intellects of politi cians. A forecast of the contents of the bill has already emanated from an inspired source, and it. is generally understand that an elector owning property in more than one district will have the option of recording his opinion in either of the electorates that suits his particular fancy. If this be truly so, what a glorious field for bribery in its fullest sense will be opened up to the unscrupulous but fortunate possessor of time payment villas; the honest toiler who is seek ing by means of a building society to better his financial position, must not take offence at such a barefaced opin- t ion. Rather will he be at once in clined to agree that a premium will be w offered to the.: sqpporters of wealthy of candidates to hobble his vote for their C particular nominee.- But. such a line P of thought may only suggest .visions of b full pockets to certain fishy electors, T such. as are to be found in"ej'very electorate, and for the benefit of these gentlemen the precautions to ensure of a just administration of the new Act T must be enumerated. Any detected offender will render himself liable to a fine of. £506 or three months in p gaol, and it will rest with the return- t ing officers to ask every elector if Ihe has voted before in any other district. An answer, if incorrect, will be suffi cient to convict the votei, but it will require.a careful review and purging I of the present rolls. before any court a< of the colony can be relied upon to record a conviction. If the bill in its present form becomes- law, it will s, be found in practice to have about as o much effect as the Licensing Act though every Clause of'which any lawyer of average intellect can drive a coach and pair. THE result of the .Marine Board in quiry into the loss of the American ship J. H. Scammell has been eagerly 'anticipated, particularly as Akeflections had been cast upon -our pilot service, a hitherto admitted to be one of the s most perfect in the whole world. It ,is extraordinary that whenever a disaster occurs on the coast critics straightway attack the pilots, and } are even not content when an official inquiry completely exonerates them from all -blame. When one pilot schooner only occupied the outside station and a healthy rivalry existed, there arose a clamour for an additional sclooner. Against the advice of the pilots, the Government stepped in and ahother boat was sent outside, with the result that the two pilot com panies were compelled to amalgamate. At the same the pilots advocated a lamp being placed in a lighthouse already erected upon Split Point to serve as an additional leading beacon to the Heads' entrance, but officialdom from behind its desk at the Custom House pooh-poohed the suggestion and allowed it. to be pigeon-holed. The present inquiry has revealed that two pilot schooners cruising about outside at the same time, and showing night lights, so confuse mariners that good luck has only prevented a few more Sussex disasters;.this exactly bears out the pilots' contentions. As will be seen from the testimony of Captain Dennis with reference.to the 'lighthouse, the pilots are at last to be listened to with that attention their experienced views demand. Captain Dennis said: "I think that had the lighthouse been pro perly lighted most of the disastrous wrecks that have taken place in this neighborhood would never have occurred;" and, later, "that light would enable a mariner to gauge his position so accurately that in my opinion it would be almost impossible for a mariner, even a foreign one, to mistake the light on the high land at Qucenscliff for the pilot's masthead lights." In the face of ani opinion from such an authority as Captain Dennis, it was only reasonable to expect that the court would immediately recommend the completion and lighting of the light house. This is exactly what they have done, and while holding the captain of the J. H. Scammell solely to blame for the disaster to his vessel havejustly cleared the pilots from the imputation that they neglected to be at hand when required on the proper. westward cruising ground. FOR a considerable time past the ship wrights engaged at the Williamstown Grav ing Dock have had to complain that after midnight they are only paid time and half for overtime, while private firms pay double time. On Wednesday they sent a deputa tion to Mr lurner, who promised to make inquiries into the statements made, and if he found the custom of private firms was to pay double time he would give orders for it to bedone at the Graving Dock.- Hesympa thised with the men, and added that when employed by the Government they were en titled to receive the same payment as was given outside. "I'? a questionto ask, Mr Mayor, that is a question and yet is not said," Cr. Styles at Tuesday's meeting.. His Worship was agreeable, so Cr. Styles desired to know when a couple of gas stoves would be placed in the chamber to warm it? Cr. MlcRoberts jumped up and shut an open door;. Cr. Challis gazed out through a hole in the ceiling; a repoter stuck his pen through a crack in the.wall, and then all shivered in unison. The question proved too much for His Worship, who evidently felt too cold to answer it. 1 There was not even a row in the chamber that afternoon to warm it. MoNDAY evening closed the period for taking out electors' rights, and the town clerks all over the colony had a busy time supplying the demands of those who always leave what could be done three months before to the last moment. Ir regard to the defects which have been discovered in the warships which have recently been constructed for the colonies the Minister of Defencc explains that there is room for congratulation in the fact that the Imperial war authorities have initiated a new system of trial which has brought the defi ciencies to light, and enabled them to be at once remedied. Under the old system the only test applied to the vessels was a mile journey so that there was a risk of many minor defects remaining undiscovered; but but now they have to go on a ten days' cruise, duringwhich time every care is taken that they are thoroughly tested. Sir Frederick Sargood points out that all defects should be found out and set right. before the vessels leave England than when they should be sent to the Australian station with deficiencies which may be trifling in the first instance but which may afterwards develop so as to become very serious drawbacks. THE cable reports that the insurgent man of-war, Itats, is on her road to Melbourne, have been considered by the Premier. Should the ship really arrive, she will be unable to obtain either supplies or provisions in accord ance with existing treaties. Cables say she has been given up. THE members of the Myrtle cricket club held an enjoyable social at Woods' Coffee Palace on Wednesday, the tables being well and plentifully laid. Mr W. G. Ogden of- ficiated as chairman, and kept the lads in the highest spirits. After Cr Woods had suitably responded to the toast of the patrons, the chairman presented the trophies won during the past season. A handsome bat, the gift of Mr W. H. Williams, was won by Mr T. Donnan for the highest score; Mr Ogden's prize for bowling by Mr J. Woodlands, and Mr Kirkby's by Mr N. Holmes who secured second in batting and third in bowling honors. A lengthy toast list was disposed of at an early hour, and the company will long remember their jovial wind up. TITHE early closing movementand the week b ly half-holiday have apparently clashed, and for the employees' sake the employers I should arrive at an amicable understanding. At present in two trades the half-holiday is tobe observed, and we would strongly urge the other classes of business to follow the lead. A TERRILE accident, resulting fatally, oc curred at the Newport railway yards on Thursday to Jchn Bobson, the he?d shunter. sThe deceasedwas engaged in shunting opera tions, and after giving the engine driver the siq.al to back caught his foot in a check ral and in a second two trucks had passed over his leg and side. His limbs were actually crushed between the points to such extent that fully fifteen minutes were taken up in extricating them. Bobson bore the terrible pain and injuries with heroic forti tnde, and actually assisted those who were extricating him. He was taken to the Mel \- bourne Hospital, but expired shortly after >arrival Owiso, no doubt, to other attractions the a attendance at the performance by the WVl liamatown Novelty Minstrels on Wednesday evening last, in the Mechanics' Institute; was not so large as was expected. The "bill of fare" submitted by the troupe was an ex-: cellent one, and was well carried out, the performers acquitting themselves to the en tire satisfaction of all present, as was evinced by the applause. given to the various items. The first part consisted of the usual min strelsy entertainment, while the second was composed of. songs and dances, sketches, comic ballads, a sailor's hornpipe and couple of songs,' the whole proceeding terminatiun with the farce "A ghost in a pawn sho;p. The troupe will appear agaii next Tuesdaiy evening, when an entirely new programme will be submitted, and as they have been put to considerable expense in preparin for these entertainments, it is to be hoped there will be a much larger house to greet them. AT a meeting of the Newport recreation reserve committee on Wednesday eveuing, eight tenders were received for fencing in twenty chains of the reserve. That of Ir D. Roste was the lowest, and was therefore accepted. I TIx half-yearly meeting of the.Williams. town Catholic Young Mens' Society- was held on Monday night last, in St. DMary's 'schoolroom, and was very well attended, over 60 members being present. After the ordinary business had been transacted the election of officers for the ensuing half-year took place, and resulted as follows ;-Presi dent : Mr D. Hughes ; vice presidents : Messrs Gobbins and J. Liston; secretary: MIr M. J. Madden; treasurer: Mr J. Pick; warden : Mr T. Tf. Kennedy: librarians: Messrs J. D'Arcy and A. Pick; editor of lMagazine: M;r M. J. S. Dalton; committee: Messrs McClinchy, A. Grnbb, O'Callaghan, Frost, and W. Dooney; auditors: Messrs H. Robinson and W. Hayes. Ai vote of thanks to the retiring officers on the motion of Mr McClinchy, seconded by Ir Gubbins, and supported by the Rev. Father ANorris, concluded the proceedings., SWe. are pleased to see Mr Alexander Wilson, Secretary and Engineer of Ports and Harbours, back amongst us again,:after his trip to Europe. ~Ir Wilson looks much improved in health, and says he enjoyed himself, but that July is too late in the year to make a start. For the particular information of the pub lic, J. S. Pryor, Hairdresser, publishes his address as opposite the Post Office, Cole street. Ladies' combings made up in all shapes. Hairdressing for balls, parties, and theatricals, by appointment, or at the saloon. Special rooms and conveniences for ladies and children.-ADVT. French's Pure Teas, an finest in the mar ket. - John S. Pryor, Cole street, opposite Post office, has been appointed local agent for these favorite teas; 1 lb to 40 lb packages. Orders received will be promptly, attended to. Canvassers will call on householders in the course of a few days.--AnvT. Shopkeepers are notified that James and Co., corner of Buckley and Bute streets, Footscray, are selling off Brands of Tobacco and Cigars at factory Prices for Cash, and 2' per cent. in small quantities to suit small shops. Depot for Havelock and Cable Twist. Note the address, James and Co., corner of Buckley and Bute streets; Footscray..-AvT. Rodger Bros. and Rodger, the largest and cheapest Grocers in Williamstown have been appointed sole agents for Radanms Microbe Killer.-An?!r. There is a Piano in this issue advertised for sale, by " Bernart." Do they mean the divine Sarah! John Morgan and Co. AnvT. 