A JOUEttEY ACROSS SlBERlX By Jakes CampeelIo FB03I VLADIVOSTOK TO BASDOUTOI. ? It was a glorious Jane morning when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtahike, or driven, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog a}ni\w in.-3the dpziest fashion* We had scarcely g&ejiiaa; a' mile before our fiery eteeds, . ambftioms ^pparenfly of out flying the eagles, settlea down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one aees to perfection when paying the cab man by tbe hour. The tarantiiSd is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is tbe smallest fault to find with it — that might ra^S^of antfagdra^padKj^jtoffaghoAFa: i|eionaaaESffilrii~is taF5t.73a- without SfeS^iMlftertfore l&SsSufcof; our ^^y|KP^.bruiscdlffirti^«idaati, Ifg^auawPravel atniglH^igBPr roadt it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no con venience for carrying it outside, aud luggage is not the pleaeantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence ^nrii^g the '^fffoti: '* the yemtshiks tfijafi driveitas^ being asjeious to get to their losusev's *'* ^i yTi*^^f'*iHfi*^C ^)b-beEs. ' Ons wSyfriagft dozed offi&t; la£t, when a sudden ifflWwJ' witba root -osjitone will send 'you flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your tarantass lurches into a rut, and your bead is banged against tbe side, which either dazes you into '«*»««? or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent ability of the human lrame to' every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditipnaiufi^anLutaBS. Adjnst -1^Bffli(tJtto*^fTmmtfiVTlgw Mf^uiif* of tbe greatlaws lx|£Mu||re, ^Traml the local politician \o''the The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bouching npon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 verste — the verst is two-thirds of a mile— We came to a post station, and I bad before me the first fiftmfle JK the MSafifelds that lay in front network of post routes over the face of tbe empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communistition. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team ot Jj^ee,-. jEori it : .is a peculiarity iof - 1 usianT ^ff tln|c ~? ^' fb£y univeMally baVsi SLEOB^liOBlesflEisf&i;&*of iiairs. aa~elsB ??. „ ^ tET tL . j^j^__' EiL- . £i- ? ?? V -?*-? ^ to tl i ireflii§|e qw jbeaiuMbf ropes, and vulop or oi J^SjjTBS -w^P b^r8es are trattjfed to: -gall- I ^fffiMnfflprftlftHjiTi vBnt round, toA ono B0Jtl3Et as you fllvvebind they look liko* two* immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15, and tbe cost is fixed by the Government at from l£ to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better nnderstanded of the people I am writing for, you get three horses to carry .you. 2ft „ miles foi a little under halta crown/ jpSth the services of the driver thrown in. ' Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. 6d- per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the difference between prices in various countries may be immense, the dif ference in values may be Srery little. The horses are jasLas wajl fediufcthose-in Aufe. tralia, ♦!'* ^dri£rexs niecBanie^ jhoagb. tbj&: food may no| be quotas fine. UndonbtedB' the Australian* drivn. boain)ici£ mon of jk good tlongs ? than'Jith^SrrSmn yemfeHixV' yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really line of mere counteM, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying mich.more; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles wilii high figures attached to them, whilst the real Ta^g^ayainfmtwieEed. Ifisjellt* working man a 'hat at 2W.V and he chirjfta n»ea4a^w«rkiatj20a(i , — g Bjan^jusMte feameas « we had ?agreed-'for 10«.- ox le., and in tbis simple statement £willj$eI'f6niid- the eolntion of many of thex facts of tie world where low- priced labour .wakes »b, either weep witb^^at tie J^fate-MJW country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those Burners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as .firing anystandajd of -Hie yeS-berny of the people. The real factors are tbe pressure' of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, tbe productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian oolonel who spoke German fairly well, and came from Australia. He .inaAe iome viry intelligent inquiries about this bind, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found out that the idea thtt all row«fin-m officers can speak another laniraajre than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak a°&S;? Itat Russian, or, at best, a few words of French or German. The best lin guists of the -world, as far as thaofficW. and* and upper classes are conoemed.are «n doubtedly tbe Dutch ; then the Germans, and' after them the Russians. : When Isay the Germans, I am not sure but equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes ; -allot these surpassing farti»-L«ttn' races of every sort, and fhn yT1glJBh-Ta»l''g peoples everywhere. I think I. ha*e .Bajd before, and if not I say it now,' that the AmpnVana and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of tiwr isolation. Even with the reservations I have made about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of, 'any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it was overcast, -to wards evening it began to drizzle, andabout 8 o'clock it ~ was raining torrents. Tbe whole of the Ainocr Province coast is noted ' for wet, no less than 230 days out of the year bran? rainy, it became dark as pitch, and at last we «pf bogged.' We bad -fo get out and trudge' along tbe muddy road, slipping and stumb ling as we went. I began to refiact upon the ! fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead , beforaj reaching tbe Ural ^fountains, and to. ask myself what sort of a journey this~wiiB fikely to be if the first 50 turned out iaSUsiarinon.' Trudging wearily on, and becomine.'iw^ter, and more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I wai quite, sanelwhen I first re solved to undertake this journey. Tkloew some of my friends ? had no mannet; of- doubt whatever — they thought I was' as mad as a Jlarch -bare, a&dr; tbe doubt began - to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average manis a eomfort loving- rabbit, easily scared by disoomfQrts' and dearly loving his own burrow^ hatiiig strange fooi and strange -beds, -prepared to gush with rapture over the glories of rthe: Himalny&s;, if you take Him up tiie netgbta in. a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if ne can do it in a first-class carriaire. The «tay-at^ home bhopkeeper spirits are the special belts noirct of travellers, and to feel that they are right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to- the enterprising souls -who break frali -ground or depart -from beaten and * * therefore comiortatile ' tracks. Xhas musing, with ? certain bitterness, oi unreasonable TGBexLt^nent' affainst sonie ffoo& folks- at borne, as if tiiey were in. tome fashion responsible for my trouble* now, I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would not go baok at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics ! At last the dim lights of the fitae town of Eaedolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station— one of the worst on the -whole Siberian road. There were two poky little moms, and there were no less than ten men of us to oocupy them. As we bad all -eome off' the., muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the lout dirt} spot I could find, and, ?pteadiog' my. rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep, of the. righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had,, been more comfortable, one stertorous genJIe^nW would have murdered sleep evea mortVssffee-^ tually than Banqno's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of snorting* and heavy cannons pt: . long drawn anorings, exceeded anything I had ever beard in my life. The other' Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped1. 'off,, though they commented upon it jn thB morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances ? I could not talk', to him, and even if I could, I don't suppose it would have done1 -the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching about for: uagnincent inventions wnerewits to Dong : tbe ends oi heaven and earth together ; will eome practical lover of his species: invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivions of all disagreeable sounds, ? fee»!poringtoaprJie*tk-iis for loans! That -woulffbe genius jSltra to benerolenoe, and there would be a:fertune in it. : We made a scraggy breakfast the following ^orning, andetarted^mid pouring rain. It Mw a wretched joaeney ; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its ; beauty. Boiling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of tree?, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of^great beauty, and told us of the poeuibfliues -of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Soifun part of the way, and some of its tarns , and bends -wexe exceedingly lovely; iatid.4rpm , a practical standpoint I ghonld snrjpose it will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its month for moderate-sized craft. Wepassedoveragooddealof mmrtry; jrreatly resembling- the soil and sVoAka'of, Kyneton, now beginning to be oectrpiea. Ii was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and-lTTOHnd myself asking the question on this second day out from 'Vladivostok, whiob I asked myself a hundred times .before I leftLjSily'n, what will this countoy be ? 43be%jsBty of the soil was a revelation, tbe blugnrS the scenery a surprise, and the onUwt ha» stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished taese papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 