POINTS. Tub license fee for a hawker 1b £10, so that <v fine of £1, oven with oosts, oannot bs much of an inducement to oompel tho taking out of a license. People who pay the foe should bo proteoted. against unlicensed hawkers. . It is also a faot that half tbe time of Brisbane, honae wives is taken up in attending to hawhers of various nationalities and oolour, but of uni- foim importunity. Tnu Dootor heard of an amusing oaso the other day, where one of thoso sons of lad, who apparently oarry a huge bundlo of wash ing, called at a hours. The miBtresa of the house was engaged ia rotubbfng the vernuda, nnd peremptorily in formed the vendor that sho required none of biz wares. His reply waB, "Me want to see the lady of tho house." Tub irate dame oaught up her washing bucket, hut the hawker did nut wait tu eon. inuon conversation that threatened to ooat-in, toe much nation. Tiie bueincBB meeting of the Ifbaui Shire . Council, held yesterday, cannot be said to have ; been a success. Tbe president, prompt to time, took his seat, ot tbe bead of tbo table, rung his bell, and the councillors filed in and took their seats toe. Fob a time tbe bueinees was kept wall iu band by tbe president, notwithstanding a little (peaking aoross tbo tablo now and then by connoillora. PnnsKKiTY, bowover, somothiug wis said' which ti ii'iucd him too, and ho joined in the irrcgulur discussion in a vory hearty way. Aftbu that tbo business was uouduotod in n rather mixed way to tbe end of tbe mooting. Facii councillor seemed to have a little " ghoat in the closet" in the form of oertuin works approved of in the dim past. And erch trotting out bis own lltllo ghost, moved that tenders be called for that particular' work. Tbe lato Von Mollko, the famotiH Gorman, strategist, regarded the Amorioau "Grand. Army of tbe Ropublio" with contempt. Dtjdxnq tho civil war a friend asked hig. opinion on tbe strugglo then taking placu. Von Moltfs replied, " I don't oensidttr tho movements ot uttned mobs worth studying." The hour- bell for tho 8ydney Post Office olocliistobo cnlled the "Grout Farltos," uud. bus tbo iuituls H. P. stamped ou it. Trumt is linblit to be a misunderstanding ag to tho reurnn of this. Tdk great statesman's admirers will ol tim that it bus been dono vt a compliment to tlio clear Doto struck by bim on important ques tions. His ditrsotors, hotvovor, will coho Bun- ibonie's exclamation iu "Patienoo"— "Hjllowv hollow."; It is ono thing to start a newspaper, but a different ouo to keep it alive. Evkey men thinks lie oan run a nowspapor, and it is not until he bos a try that lie twines to <bo conclusion that bis literary effort would bo better direotcd towards the chronicling of small beer. A curtain Brisbane weekly which o .mo out with a dash and u promise to mako things icattcr a bit bus turned up its heels. It was only a fow weeks old and gavo pro mise of big things it it oauld only hold on for the next 60 years. M'Mzsiim was in tho thick of it again nt; l ho recent Traffic Board meeting, wucn ho (ought and eventually overset Francis',' moiiou regarding tbo heavy traffic iu Staulsy street. Fsancis was ino'inod to reseat M'Mtister'a interference with bis muuioipuli'.y aud spake very indignantly. M 'Master need to retort with " Oh, f never suw such a buldheudcd motion before in all my- life." A l teh n round of fire Francis wont down, and! failing to cctno up to titno, M'Master got the viotoiy. Someone ouco said, " Oh, that miue enemy would write a book." Ton Dootor thinks that, ho could got just as much fun out of his enemy, if saul cnotny could mttko an Aot. The framer of tho Civil Sorvico Aot naino in for some flattery lust night at tbe otvil ser vants' meeting. Tills y object to tbe wholu business from beginning to end, superannuation uud clastifi. nation, und ere firmly of tbe opinion that the Government which brought in suoh a bill had ancestors who were fond of tnistles. England has got a firm grip of India, and she docs not mean to let go. Recently a sad oyed, but not particularly dean pilgrim, stood in the market pinoo of Allahabad, and asked in a loud voiou if tho time bad not come when the Euglieh should go. In less tban five minutes bo was in gaol. Ia half un hour ha bad been brought before the judgo, nnd buforo tbe hour was up tho judge had sentenced him to fivo yosrs. F-voland does not intend to let any nil&rim; get tbo start of her, Mn. Fbars, worthy olerk of petty sessions, who is also electoral registrar, is fast growing gray and old looking. Daily be is overwhelmed by electors, who. indignantly flaunt pieces of bluo piper iu his face and Demand to know why their oluims have boon rejected. "When bo tremblingly explains to them tha reason, they heap abuse upon him, becuitso in their own carelessness they havo not ojrttplici with tbo direction. Ha nssurea thom ho had nothing to do with tbo framing of tbo Eleotious Act, niul is iu no way responsible for their own mistakes. One man wassoiudismant ut come ono tboothur day, because bo himself hud not complied with tho regulations, that he oalled a oab nnd hastened away to lay his oaes buforo the Coloniul Sec retary. It is remarkable, too, that tho majority of claims roiuied through informality occur utnong the better educated olaBses. The others ovldonliy have theirs filled up by amsu " who knows how." Tdb unconscious humour oooasioualiy dis played by a neighbour of ours is indeed, remaikob'e. In Thursday's edition hu dis owned tbo sutjcot of botany, and ns a good. meauB of drying specimen leave ho..reoQtn- meeds the ubo ot Qiumalaudcr pages 