THE YOUNG FOLKS. HOOF AND PEDAL. In the year 1877.1 was the official steno grapher of a Kansas judicial circuit, young, active and an enthusiastic believer in open-air exercise and manly sport. How well my devo tion to the athletic virtues were Eastained is proven in part by the adventure which I now relate. In the early fall of the year mentioned, while sojourning at Manitou, Colorado, after a toil some year in the courts, «njoying my well earned rest and rambling through the. ?nicturesaue surroundin&s; in the shadow of the famous lJike's Peak, my prospects for further recreation were broken by the reception of the following telegram : — ' Socoebo.Tn.M.— Come at once to Bent's Mines fid the Santa Fe road to Santa Bosetra. I have a mass of testimony to take in the Irving mine case, and wish, it done in shorthand. Do not disappoint me. Witnesses summoned for the 8th. It. H. CriiAHAsr.' I knew Graham and I knew the case, and re luctant as I felt to forego the pleasure of a further stav ia my cool retreat, I did not care to uecline 'an employment which I knew wouid .be so lucrative. I decided to go to Bent's Mines, wherever they might be, and take the testimony as my friend requested. I was not long in making my arrangements for tha trip. It was inei»l.y the matter of a change of linen and a few note books ; a single satchel contained them all, and time, in the lightest of in.'trciun^ order, I embarked upon the iirst train ior my destina tion, arriving at S-inta Bossita ^uito eariy the nest morning. S*nt* Bosetta w-as a station scarcely as im posing as its name. A. lew houses, a wati-r tank, and numerous sidings made up ihe. .piace. But I was struck by the suggestive number of empty freight cars.Vor the place was an extensive shipping point for ores sent from the mines located in the mountains miles away, but plaiulv visible from the station in the rare atmosphere of that most cbarming region. Here, to my pleasure aud surprise, I dis covered in the station agent an old college friend, Frank Dehner by name, who several years before had gone to that vast country called the West, and whose whereabouts had since been lost to me. ' You cannot go the mines, old fellow,' he said, after our greeiing and the exchange of the numerous questions and answers which finally resulted in the unfolding of my busi ness. ' The Apaches are up and the trip would be dangerous in the extreme, ilost of the men are gone to bury some rauchers killed in Little Gulch and to warn the settlers to the south. There is not a hor.-e to be had in the town, and if there were the owner would hardlyjet it for so imprudent a joaraey.' 'But what ami to do?' I inquired. 'I shall have had my trip for nothing unless 1 reach Bent's Mines to-uiorrow, and I don't care to either miss my business or disappoint my friend.' 'Sorry,' he said, with a shake of the head, ' but I am afraid it is impossible. You must content yourself witn my company until the trip ia safe. We havs telegraphed for tho soldiers, and a troop will probably come in shortly. They might convey you over. Their route will lie in that direction.' . ' I can't wait,' I replied, annoyed at the idea of such a delay, ** When Graham sent for me he felt certain I would come. He shall find that I will do so. I'm not to be deterred by a foolish alarm about Indians. Doubtless there are none off the reservation.' Dehner smiled. *' I remember your rashness,'' he said, ' and deem you f ullv capable of attempting the trip. Fortuuately, there is no conveyance, and you will have to await the arrival of the soldier or the return of the men.' 'And when will the men return?5' ' In the morning probably, but they will be wearied. Your beBt chance will be the soldiers.' ' Then I will walk,' I replied with de termination. ' Fifty-three miles is not a dis tance to frighten a muscular fellow like nje, and if you will lend me that excellent Winchester that 1 eee beside your 3esk,l6hall be quite capable of protecting myself.' '* You are not in earnest ?' he asked. ' Indeed. I am,' was my reply. ' I shall start at once, but will stop over on my return, long enough totalK over old times and prove how groundless are your feare.' ' Stay,' he said as I swung my light satchel from the floor. *' Since you. axe determined I wiU aid you all Jean, bat I fear this is not wise. You don't need a guide. The road is as straight as an arrow to the hills ; it then veers to the south over the mountains, descending to Bent's, some twenty milesinthe valley.' ' Good,' I said. ' I shall be weary doubt leES, but I have been a famous pedestrian in my time. My journey may run into the night, but I shall be ready for duty in the morning.' ' I rememberyour tnumpnsonthefootpath,' said Delmer, ' and — ah ! I remember your skill in the saddle. Stay, old fellow! I'll furnish you with a steed.' He ran into the freight room, and, returning shortly, rolled upon ike platform a glistening wheel. ' My new bicycle,' he said. ' The roads are fine here and I had it shipped down. It came down yesterdav. Knowing your pVill it is strange that I did not think of it at once/' I took the handsome wheel by the bars and surveyed it with growing satisfaction. It was graceful in every outline and of the latest jattern. ? ' You will lend it to me ?' I asked. ' Certainly, but I would rather you would defer your trip.' 'Thank you for your solicitude,'' I laughed, ' but I am not afraid of your Indians.' I made fast my satchel to the handle bars, and, taking the precaution to borrow the Winchester rifle also, slung it over my shoulders by the strap. 44 Yon would astonish the natives, were they here,' said Frank as I lifted the bicycle from, platform. (- A wheel is a novelty in this country. ' I give myself leas than sis: hours over this road,' I said, surveying the level line over the smooth prairie. ' You will find it steeper in the hills,' he replied. With a farewell I mounted the bicycle and Etarted on my trip. He waved his hand and stood watching me as I glided off. The road was as smooth as glass, and the wheel slipped awav as though it were enchanted over the wide plain through which my path lay like an arrow, towards the misty peaks melting into the glorious blue of the sky far away in front. My heart bounded in my breast under the wild exhilaration of the morning, and the glistening spokes wreathed themselves into a film, so easy was tbe work i'-d ho inviting the eserciBe. With spirits buoyant and heart elate I sped on my way. No thought of danger was in my mind, and I could have laughed all fears of Indians to the winds. I was intoxicated with the prairie breeze, and upon a spring seat and rubber tyre was enjoying to the fullest the very ecstacy of motion. Thus, until nearly midway, and the station of Santa Bosetta, from a mere speck, had faded iato nothing. Steady pedaling bad brought me within the shadow of the towering foot-hills, and from a slight incline that led to a valley between the mountains, I rode into a pleasant grove of trees and then up the white path along fhe mountain side, where, for two miles or more, it stretched away on a level above a a Srownins gulch. ' What a glorious country for wheeling !' I cried, dismounting to take breath after the exer tiom of the bill. -'This road would almost repay a -visit to this country for the especial pleasure of a spin over it.' Besting for nearly an hour under a spreading pinion, and quenching my thirst at a spring by the way6ide, I rolled my wheel into the travelled path to continue iny journey. When preparing to mount my feet upon the step, I paused, my heart beating quickly. The murmur of voices fell upon my ear. Not the familiar language of tha hearty English tongue, nor tbe sonorous dialect of the Spaniard, which was spoken tiirongh all New Mexico. It was the guttural jargon which I had heard upon tbe Kansas reservations, and I knew that Ttk*'W were near me. What ehould I do¥ I would meet a portion of no friendly tribe. There were none in that vicinity. They were Indians off the reservation, and therefore bostiles ; they were cut-throats — Apaches! Listening intently I discovered that they were Bearing me, and then the sound of hoof strokes fell upon my ear. They were to my rear. approaching from the North-west, and doubtless seekmer the anrin? at which I rested from some way that led thrdngb. the passes of the moun tains. I had little time to conjecture how I had missed them on my war, or whether I had been observed as I entered the valley. My thoughts were of my safety and how I might deliver my self from the penl of as encounter witn them. With my strength in a[ measure spent by my long ride, I eould not maintain a successful race with their tough and wiry steeds, and to stand them «fl in the open with my rifle was as hopeless an alternative. I could tell that the party was large— a 'ingle rush would make an ' end of all defence, and mj scalp would'soon be dangling at : a .savage tee»ch-ok«t. The thought was horrible, and with a angle leap T\ w& in. *he toftide: The impetus sent the light wh&fcpuimii;«*drwarf,?mdm 1 wn» fcBdaKng-away.lh ia^ahion that romed bepe*B*h«4reaB.«nd hashes flitted by me. I did not look behind ; nsy glance was for ward over the smooth road that lay so fright fully straight, a white and chalk- like line, but my ears were strained for the slightest sound, andl shortly heard the astonished yell that told me A was discovered. - My glance to the rear was now involuntary. A group of some twenty Apaches had ridden into view from out the curvature of the road among the tree-3, and had halted in amazement at the sight of my fleeing figure rolling rapidly away from them on a shining hoop. They sat upon their sturdy horses, decked m the wild fantasy of paint and feathers, looking to my startled eyes like warriors from a race of barbaric giafits. The faint hope that stole into my heart that I was to be permitted to depart in peace went out like a candle in a gust of wind, for after a single moment given to their astonishment they ewarmed forward, their horses at their topmost speed. Fortunately the road was along q, slight de scent, andl moved with great speed with little effort. With this advantage I was enabled to maintain the distance between my pureuers and myself, giving me time to reason upon my terrible position. I could scarcely hope to dfc iance my pursuers naless the grade continaed. But upon the further decline of the road I might 'forge ahead and find safety in some friendly thicket. Here and upon the steep mountain sides I might protect myself with my ririe, or by my euperior agility and fleetness of loot elu;Je the rascals among the hills. This comforti;ig reflection was lost, however, as my strained fancy reasoned further — these were not prairie- Indians ; they were Apaches, used to ctc.-j. aud pri*'ip?ce — wbr-si: Loaie was in the fa»--t:iesees of the Sierra range. lireatlrliig n prayer to Heaven for aid T rode «u. 'With eager eyss I scanned the valley, where below mo enormous boulders lay piled amid tha tanglird vines; and now bejond, vrheie the roa-3 still stretched a monotonous lh:e and to my horror, rising with an abrupt ness that must terribly tux my strength. .Already I had passed the potat where the road tended dovvnwarJ, and with tired limbs was toiling up the ascent. But as I rode over the brow of the risiug ground a different view lay before me. The road divided, and the path TO the. left was a narrow way scarcely wide enough, for a single footman, along the top of a ridge, or natural causeway passing over a narrow gorge to the mountain beyond. Here it joined the wider road which, following the slope of the mountain to the right, made a circuit of several miles over the ravine before it reached the point of junction. Upon the dizzy path to the left I rode instantly. The greatest care was necessary to keep the wheel within tho way, and a loose stone would have plunged me into the abyss on either side. Before nie lay the razor-like way, at times scarcely six inches in width, but free of obstruction and pointing to escape beyond. No horseman would dare to follow along so perilous a path, and even should a footman venture lie must have nerves of eteel or be Moved by seme frightful extremity like mine. The Apaches had halted at the forks of the road. This I could see, for the ridga veered in its course across the gulch, throwing my pur suers sharply on my right. Bang! My wheel plunged to the very edge of the aby.-s. Bang ' Bang ! I heard the quick zip of the missiles and felt their cold passage near my cheek. Bang! A epoke snapped like a broken harp string ! I fet the tremour of the shock through every nerve, and then I pitched headlong into the broader road, the wheel flying completely over me. I was up in an instant. Leaving it where it fell, I unsiung the rifle and sought shelter behind a boulder near at hand. Panting and bruised I lay for a time, thankful for the temporary respite and hopeful now of escape. The triumphant yell which had greeted my fall died away, and peering over the rock I saw that several of the Apaches were venturing out upon the backbone of the ridge. The re mainder had drawn back to the elope of the bluff, attending the horses and watching the attempt upon the part of their fellows to cross the ravine. The sunlight that fell slanting: through the peaks gleamed upon the bars of white painted upon their dusky bodies, making them doubly hideous now that I had come to observe them attentively. Already they were upon the narrow point. It was the courage of demons, who would shrink from no peril to slay an enemy. It was now my turn. Bringing the Win chester into play I sent bullet after bullet whistling in their midst, firing as rapidly as I could pull the lever, and sending them scurrying to shelter. Falling back, I lay quiet in my place of securitv, covering my spent breath and watch ing the' Indians through a crevice in the rock before me. I might have pursued my journey with the advantage of my long start, but the road beyond, with the eccentricity of mountain pathways, receded with the form of ike hill un til my route would lie within easy rifle shot of mv waiting enemy. The bluff still rose_ at my baet. shutting out escape in that direction, and ? unless I would venture to run the gaunlet of their fire, I must remain until nightfall and seek to elude them in the darkness. The pros pect was not pleasant, but after the greater peril which I had but just avoided I faced it with comparative courage. A half hour passed, the silence and inaction growing painfuL Then I half arose from my reclining position to scan the opposite bluff for a sight of the hidden foe. A horse, etruek by my fire, had fallen over the cliff and lay haft wav down the precipice among the wild creepers. Beyond, carefully keeping in shelter, several dusky forms climbed nimbly into the gorge. The pursuit was to be continued on foot. I Etarted to my feet to better note their move ments. A bullet flattened itself against the bluff near my face, itnd I shrank down hastily. Some keen- eyed marksman watched me from beyond the ravine. Nothing further was needed to inform me of my new peril. I was penned like a rat in a trap to await their coming. The Apaches were crossing the gorge. Hidden by the rocks and scattered over a distance of many yards, they were slowly but surely approaching. I might slay one or many, but my ultimate fate was at hand. Slipping my rifle to a rest. I peered over&the; rock, striving to cateh a sufficient sight »f the doRdging forms for a successful shot. ^ Bnt the waxy villains were more than a match for one so untrained in this species of warfare. Another and nearer shot warned me of my peril, aud I sank lack with a feeling of despair. The end was at hand. A few short moments would send them leaping up upon me. As I strained my ears for their approach, gripping mv weapon with a nervous determina tion, a sharp cry broke the silence. It -was a yell as though a mountain wolf had been startled at its prey, and the call was instantly answered fj-omacroBs the-vaHey. To my sur prise, the fonns that had kept m close conceal ment now broke from cover and ecrambled down the face of the cliff. Unmindful of the cause that eent them ia each a sudden retreat, I arose from the rock, and bv a quick shot dropped a painted ruffian headlong into the gorge. The echoes of the report had scarcely died away *7hen a shrill cheer resounded through the mountains, wfcen up the read from the south a detachment of cavalry came at a gallop, their pistols ringing as they fired Into the fleeing Apachas below. 1 1 They were a company of troops called from tha fort down the railroad by the outbreak of the Indians, and had disembarked at the station below Santa Rosette, the night before. On their way to Bent's they had appeared at the ?very instant of my peril. It is not difficult to imagine with what joy I grasped the hand of the lieutenant in com mand, and how heartfelt were the words with which I thanKed him for his timely arrival. Sly yrorney to Best's was -without farther incident. The mines were bat a few miles down the mountain road, and here Z found Graham, filled with em-prise to see me, for he had not believed tost I would attempt the trip frora the railroad in the state of alarm in which the TTiftin^ uprising had thrown the country. A week later I was enabled to return to Delmer his -wheel and mno, and I bore with beeoaring meekness his denunciation of all rash and headstrong- men, so heedless as to decline good advice. — Pittsburgh Chmtiele. A Bnssian legend relates that when St.. Joseph returned from bis flight into Egypt he found his shoes in great want of repair, and bcinc aware of the excellence of leather work inKuesia, sent them to Xieff to be mended, where they remained. It is now reported from Kiefi that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to ra-Bole the shoes and then 'expose them to the veneratiom of the f aithfuL' Beatar'e agent at Berlin reports: 'The ghost scare which lately arose in a number, of s^hoolB in this city, and has since spread to the suburbs, han assumed the ohaeacter of a nervous Aieemtt,: Incite Bchool-a panic has Veen created by 'a i jouuj&girVwhb; was frightened by a window I «3irtH£h flapping in ithe wind, 4JH1 thfiPB/have [been: snutar occurjreoisoB in s&reral; schools I tt^u^by*hildrenoltti«npi(er«sw. 