TORQUEMADA AND THE IN QUISITION. fnEl.fiHA.viM The judgments of the Inquisition were always givon in n largo place, capable of containing a great number of people, a,000 or 1,000, in tho amphithoatro of which were arranged seats of different heights or degrees, somo for tho aconsed, others for the tribunal of the Inquisition and counsellors of the kingdom, and towering ahovo all tho others that of tho Grand Inquisitor. In tho space between was placed a chair for tho preaoher, with an altar by its sido and a stool for the criminal who was to hear his sentence. The ceremony generally took place on a Sunday—ou a good day good work, thought those terrible men—commenc ing at C o’clock in tho morning, and going on until 6 in the evening. They took the prison era from their dungeons, giving each one a little vojt, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of black linen striped with white. Outside this dress they pnt a sanbenito, which is a sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung down in the front and at the back, after the fashion of a herald’s coat, and thorn who wore them knew what their sentence would be before hand from the different colours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Those who were condemned to death had sanbe nitos of yellow linen, with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who having been condemned to death, had escaped the execution* by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a acapnia ry called eamarra, on which were embroidered flame* burning downwards, such as the Por tuguese called Taya RnoUo, and those con demned to he burnt alive a grey eamarra, on which was represented a man surrounded by fiamae, and devil* stirring up the fire. At the end of the ebapularr the victim's name and crime ware written. They also wore pasteboard caps inthsshapeefa sugar loaf or conical mitre, garnished liberally with flamea and imps, called earochat. They wen then gagged in a most painful way, bo that the mouth could neither be cloeed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed before them and they weie ironically invited to eat. This farce being over,, each ono was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into tho publio square by a familiar of the Holy Office, who, under the name of godfather, was obliged to ■nawerand be reiponaible for hie unnappy oompanion throughout the whole grim per formance. Then the procession would start. First marched tho Dominican*, carrying the banners of St. Dominie, having the honour of going first because be was tba first Inquisitor of hla faith ; then came the other Inquisitors, the high dignitaries of tho Church, the nobility, and magistrates; there ware followed by the aconsed, who walked one by one, with naked feet and hare heads, exoapt the most unfortunate, who wore the ; pasteboard 'cap*, eaoVom* hnMTng the wax taper in his head. In the middle of the pro cession a large crucifix was carried, tho face of tba figure on it turned towards those who bad escaped death, and the hack towards the others ** a mask that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at tha place where judgment was : to. be- given, a preaoher mounted the pulpit and gavo a sermon tending to the ooovmion of the Jews and heretics, who. were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon waa finished, aniaquiritor took the preacher’* place and called tha criminals ooa after the other. , Tha criminal called left hia place, and, conducted by an. AJcmit, placed -nimadf on hia knaca -beteettho ioquiaitor, who read hia frock and his sentence. When all the ‘ eentenoee were read, an inquisitor earns, aeoompaniad by some priests, to those who had escaped death, and ah solved them from the excomtnnni aatkm whichThey’kad incurred, giving each •one a littla stroke with* rod. This sentence -ufawsqmmunicatioB1 was thought ao terrible, -that’the officer* of the Inquisition dared not speUk to the aacuaed nor show them the slightest mark of-friendship—not even the godfathers who walked beside them. But the moment they were absolved- from their ex oommunioation they might-speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to be a priest, he waa stripped of hU cxnouisals, which he waa allowed to near to the last, that hia humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then to remove the oil of his consecration he waa subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. Hi* lip*,hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a hit of glass until they were raw andblscding, after which he waa put with the-common herd to await hia final punishment. Those who** execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, wen new. separated from thoee condemned to death, and while the former ware conducted onoe. shore to " the dreary . solitude of the'' gloomy. . Underground ' dun geons of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miserable existence for long long years in those loathsome places, per haps in the cod,after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary crime; the others who had been condemned to suffer all the rigours ot the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, where piles of log* had been placed. Here each victim was bo and to s stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Chris tians they were nercifuUy strangled before being burnt; if not—and the Jews and klohommedans often adhered to their re ligion with dogged courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant—they were burnt alive ! Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one bat the jailor, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of the chargee | made against them, and in a truly desolate | condition, with the fear of unknown horrors before them ; for Torquemada knew not the quality 6! mercy, and in the deep and impreg nable vaults of the Inquisitionhadhis unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wishod them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many cases, than human mature oonld endure, no end of people con fessed to crimes of wnioh they had nevsr oven dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, these fiends, in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. “ Whether min, matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench.- Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screw* — all the apparatus by which the sinews could be strained without cracking, the bone* bruised without breaking, and the body, racked exquisitely without giving up its ghost—waa now pat into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black rob* from haad to foot, with hi* eyes glaring at hia victim through holes eut in the hood which muffled his face, practised suc cessively all the forms of torture which tho devilish ingenuity of monks had invented." The heavy noisome air ot the dungeons re sounded with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, .who in .thote medi eval d»ys thought they wonld lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they ' recanted the faith in which they had bean born and firmly believed, and were tom by oruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. Bat what eared Tor quemada and hlabloodhounda'for that? They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must suffer, in thattheydid not bdong to the Holy Church of Boom. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints were like to crack, and burst asunder; they were tiod with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire—a foretaste of that oruel death at the stake*to which so many were to come at last; they were suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which were ossed in iron gloves to tightly screwed that the victim's fingers were crushed and braised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their fletopinched away with red-hot irons; thsir to* and fisker mails were torn off; their teeth dragged'out; they were forced into wianhinaa uatpnssed the knees up to the chin, bent tha head down on the breast, and cramped them in n moet painful fashion ; thaywemsnspeodsd by shsrp hooka driven' In under .: the - shoalder-hladee; they, ‘were nsnriy - tows asunder by Hmba ; tod >ffdtopmfc el toitam which Ton^noBidA ofUri 0N6n^| vii to biro •-doth, tiod om tho.nooo mod month of the victim, tod a meek, who eat beside, kept dropping watar on tbs cloth, which most havt produced a most painful sens* of suffo cation. Tsrqnnmads, in 1498, the author of ro mnch woe and misery, tha objtos of such bitter hatred, iUd peaceably m Us bed ! •• Fortbe advmmaiemt of th* laitk aU means am lnwfaL’’ Tf thia wsm not, it iho*U hare breeUamatfo. ooevictioma of | Torqucmntla,” says M. Rosseuw-Saint Hilniro, “ wcro Bincore, one cannot doubt, when ono examines his life; but with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life given np .entirely to doing ill, with tlio samo ardour aud perseverance that others do good Ilia name remains for nil timo detested and abhorred amongst men. But bis evil work, unhapi>ily, is not dead wit li him. During more than threo ^cen turies the Inquisition ground down Spain, and tlio couni ry yet bears its impress.’* 