J Novelist. In Love's Crucible. By BERTHA M. CLAY. ? . ? ? CHAPTEB I. THE GHOST OF THE PAST. For fifteen long years Hartleigh Hall had held its doors shut to friends and strangers alike ; lor fifteen long years a shadow had hovered over it, and the gloom of a dead 'past had filled it. Tho silence of a buried life had brooded there, and the people had learned to shun it. And now, of a sudden, the doors had been thrown open, and life and gaiety, beauty and fashion thronged its erstwhile cloomy chambers. lrveiy window gleamed joyously wiili the warm blaze, and soft, melting strains of music mingled with the hum of sweet voices and the rustle of silks aud satins ; and white shoulders gleamed, and bright eyes flashed with Cupid's artillery, and hearts were lost and won. And the lawns and drives were gay with many coloured lamps, and alive with liveried servants ; and tho pebbled driveway crunched under springing hoofs and grinding^wheel8. And the gloom and silence of .and who had lived a miserly recluse for fifeeen yesirs only to end by opening his 'magnificent mansion to feasting and mirth. And when they entered' this drawing room, what did they see ? They saw a tall, thin man, of per haps fifty-five years of age, with a clean-cat patri cian {ace, distinguished by the Hartleigh grey blue eyes and well-formed mouth — a thorough specimen of old English nobility, who greeted his guests and welcomed them with a courtliness which smacked of the manners of the old world that had known him as Mad Dick H&rtleigta.; He was not a whit embarrassed ; he did not explain why the hall had been closed to them for so many years, but bore himself with the well-bred ease of the man who is aware of nothing extraordinary in what he is doing ; and with polished ease leaned one white, thin hand upon the arm of his nephew, Gay Hartleigh, as he went about introducing the young man and doing the honors of the even ing. Heir as he was to the title and estates, Guy was even less known than Sir Richard, though his boy hood, too, had been spent near the Hall ; bat since his boyhood he had visited the Hall only at stated intervals, and for a brief period at those times. His relations to the old man had been of the coldest and most formal kind, never reaching the length of affection, and always constrained. To him the Hall had ever beeu an awesome place, and no one of the gay throng was more surprised than he to see tbe old place radiant with light and joyous with mirth and music. liuy was a Hartleigh. Everybody saw that at a giauco. He had in full measure all the qualities for which his race had been famous. Tall, stal wart, erect, and bold of bearing as one of the aiicii.Jit Yjkiugs, he was yet a patrician from the tawny hair of his head to the well-shaped feet which he used so gracefully in the mazy wind ings -if the wal 7.. Aud for all the strangeness of the gathering, lie did not fail to enter into the enjoyment of it with all the zest and ardour of youth. The ball was a success, so everybody agreed. It was threatened to be stiff ; but, as the little Lady Gladys Vyner said, who could resist the infectious gaiety of Guy Hartleigh ? Nobody, apparently, for after the first feeling of wonderment at finding themselves in a house which most of them had come to look upon as a tomb they one and all abandoned themselves to the enjoyment of the occasion, and made the. walls ring again with their joyous mirth. ^ It was three o, clock before the last gneBt left the Hall ; aiid then the tired servants hastened to extinguish the lights on. the lawn and in the house, so that before Guy had returned, after put ting pretty Lady Gladys into her carriage, he found himself, with something of the old boyish shudder, in the same gloomy Hall of the past. His uncle, too, had disappeared , and Guy, with a shrug of his broad shoulders, told himself that, after the one gladdening glimpse ot joyous life, the old cheerless life was to be taken np again. And if that were so, what was to become of him? Ho would not consent to bury himself there, as his nncle had done. He would return to the con tinent rather than that; and with this thought in his mind, ha turned from the drawing-room and made his way to tho library, where he could have a last sruoke before retiring. A lamp was still burniugin the library, and he was about to light his cigar when a noise in the adjoining room attracted his aiteution, and he turned his head to listen. ' Is that you, Guy ?' demanded a voice. ' Ye?, sir.' It was his uncle who had spoken. The room was dark, and Guy wondered what the old man was doing there at such a time. It was a sort of dis connected picture-gallery, and was used for the protraits of the late generations of the Hart leighs. ' Come in here, Guy ; I would like to say a few words to you, if you are not too tired to talk with me.* ? Not at all. I was going to sit up and smoke a cigar before going to bed.' ' Bring your cig*r in here ; and if there is a candle, there, bring that, too.' Guy lighted his cigar, aud lifting the lamp car ried it into the gallery. His uncle sat in a great arm-chair, with a weary wistful expression in his usually stern impassive face. He motioned Guy to a chair, and after a pause, which Guy occupied in idly puffing the cigar smoke in circles irom him, Sir Eichard asked, abruptly, but not unkindly : ? Do you know why I gave this ball to-night, Guy ?' ? I understood it was to introduce me.* ' But you are three years past your majority. Why should I wish to introduce you now, more than three years ago, at the age when such things are commonly done — can you guess?' ' So, sir, though I hare tried to do so.' ' You are heir to the title and the estate, but except at my will you could never have en joyed a penny of your inheritance until my death.' ' I know that, sir, and I am very grate ful ? ' ' It is not for that that I speak now. Listen. Tbe estate is a good one, and, by my will or not, you will at my death be in possession of a fair in come; but there is an immense fortune, part of '?'in^/owh jwrishz,-? ''4 me any good.' ^ o ;» Guy murmured - something in the r nature of thanks ior.thia promised munificence ; his uncle, however, took no notice of his words, hut, as if he had not heard them, went 011 : ; 4 1 have watched you carefully, and I have so much confidence in you that 1 do not now hesi tate to ask of you what with another I would make a condition of the bestowal of this wealth.' 4 l am glad it is a request rather than a condi tion,* said Guy, with quick pride. \- * You would liave resented the condition, per haps even refused it ?' queried Sir Bichard, with an anxiety ho made no effort to con ceal. 'I am a Hartleigh ?' was the proud an swer. 1 But the request?' ? Is acceded to without hesitation. ! make no reservation, for I know it is as little likely tbat you would ask, as that I Would grant, anything that could not be done with honor.' ? It is true ; but you must know the request be fore you grant it.' J Sir Richard let his head fall npon biB hand as he said this, and for several minutes did not open his lips. There was iso little of the old familiar sternness, and there was so . much of repressed sorrow in liis uncle's tone and manner, that Guy felt a new sent iment coming to life inhis generous young heart. It seemed to him that in place of the hard, repellant old man he had accU&tomed; ; himself to see in his uncle, there was one who needed his affection and support. Ho pnthis handout with a frank, ^nezoua gesture, charac teristic of him , and would 'hare Spoken ; hut the : older mau seemed to epmprth«hd, for he looked : up with a etniile as sad asltVw^ rai^h his face, and taking the h*nd ih bdith iOf his for a inoinent, gave it a gentle pressure, which seemed to say, ? -.lkncfw*ha| Ton/^iddjES^/ahd yon. ' Guy. you have known me a silent, unlovely man. A miser, some have called mc ; a misan thrope, others. 1 have been neither, but a suffer ing, self- condemned wretch. The cause you sla'lhnow.' He drew a tiny key from his pocket, and ap proaching what looked like a large cabinet resting against the wall, inserted the key and unlocked it, The doors swung open, and there was revealed to Guy's astonished eyes the portrait of a sur passingly b?autiful woman. Many times had Guy stopped wonderingly b-tore this seeming cabinet, but never had ho suspected what it really was. He turned to Sir Sichard with a look of inquiry. ' My wife,' were tbe only words he spoke, and then turned away with such a look of agony on his face that Guy's kind heart went out to him. He would have gone to his side and given him that silent sympathy which men like, but he fait that it would be wiser nut ; eo he stood looking np at the lovely face, which seemed to be smiling down at him. in a trustful, tender way that be spoke his confidence, in spite oi the story he vaguely remembered to have heard of her. By and by his uncle returned to his side, and asked him, softly : L C 4 ' Could you believe her to he false?' ' No,' answered Guy, in his fearless way. * Sit down. Twenty years ago to-day 1 married Constance Faulker. She was young, and as you see, rarely beautiful. 1 loved her, and 1 believed she loved me. And when 1 say 'love,' 1 mean all the word can mean. Adoration, worship, devo tion. 1 had been, as you no doubt have heard, _ not again in this house.' The. old man lowered his' ' voice.'' 'He went with me to France, and there 1 left him dead. When 1 returned to my home, my wife was gone — my wife and my child,' The prematurely gray head dropped on the thin white hand, and the silence oi anguish and despair fell upon him. Guy said not a word, but his broad chest rose and fell, and his eyes filled with a sympathetic moisture that did him honor. All the reserve and the coolness of the past melted away, and the young heart aud the old throbbed to gether. Presently the old man looked up with a pathetic smile, and continied: ' 1 did not seek to bring her back. 1 doubted even that the child was mine. 1 asked no ques tions ; 1 would not even look upon the things that were hers. 1 shut up the Hall and went abroad. Five years later 1 came 'back here, my heart hardened and full of scorn for myself. 1 went throngh the room s, scoffing at myself, to see them just as she left them. 1 went even to her chamber and tossed over the dust-covered articles on her toilet-table, try ing to make myself believe 1 did not care. And my lie»rt was crying out all the time I Guy,' his voice sank to a low whisper, ' as I turned over the laces and jewels that lay there I came upon a yellow, time-stained envelope addressed to me. It was in her writing. I tore it open ; I know not what I thought to find in it ; but, oh, Great Heaven ! it showed ber to me as white and spot less as the angels themselves. She, who had gone away in her innocence, knowing my furious anger and unreasoning passion, had left that letter, hoping that I would read it and follow her for her forgiveness. I sought her then, but, alas ! it was too late. - 1 hired detectives to search for her, and for years they searched in vain ; but at last they came upon her and her child in America. But just as they were about to communicate with her she unaccountably disappeared. Then again they searched, and again found ber, only to bs baffled in the same way. Time and again the same thing happened, until it seemed to me that she must be trying to elude me. I did not dare go seek her myself, fearing, I know not why, that if I did some dire misfortune would befal her and the child. Now she iB dead.' L V. i He arose and paced the floor, not, however, with the assured step Guy had been so accus tomed to see, bat feebly and totteringly. But it calmed him, and in a few minutes he resumed hia seat and took up the story again : 4 The child is found, a young woman now ; and it only remains to bring her home. Home, Guy 1. I dare not go, and every day I fear to receive a telegram saving that she, too, has disappeared again. . ? - : Guy's handsome face lighted up, and he spoke eagerly. 'You will let m9 go for her? If she disap pears again, I will trace lwr. 1 will find her and bring her to you. That is what you would ask, is it not? It is what I would do. ' Tell me what you know of her whereabouts. Where is she now ?' * In San Francisco. But it is much to ask of you.' ' It is nothing. I can be quite ready by to morrow. We will not delay a moment more than is necessary. I am not only willing, I am eager to go.' 'But, Guy, there is more to be said, ' More ? What is it ?' asked Guy. uneasily, for there was a strange expression in Sir Richard's face. 4 Can you picture what my child must be, having led tho life she has ?' 4 But what does it matter ? She is your daugh ter and my cousin. You doubt how I will receive one who is, perchance, ignorant and uncouth ? Doubt no longer. She is the victim of an injustice, aud I as well as you will do what is in me to rec tify it.' 4 Ah, Guy ; as noble as a Hartleigh ! it applies to you as it never did to me. But have you con sidered — have you thought — do you ? ' 4 You hesitate. Tell me, without reserve, what is in your mind.' 1 Guy, there is but one way to place my daugh ter right before the world.' ' And that is ?' 4 By her marriage with one who is her social equal.' Guy looked down aB if studying the full mean ing of the words, and then looked up with a frank smile, and putting both hands out to his uncle, said : ' I understand yon. This is the request, that 1 marry your daughter ?' 4 1 noticed your attentions to Lady Gladys to night.' 4 She is pretty, and I was attracted ; but it might never have gone any further. At least it shall not. I will find your daughter, and, if she will have me, will make her my wife. Aud, uncle, I do it with a cheerful heart and without one mis giving.' * Heaven bless you; Guy ! I do not deserve this from you.' CHAPTER II. feMnfll^^Sh^earch of his ^cbusih, a party of ?youig^^nV toa ripe etage of gaiety, sat in one of tho priTMe ;roonis of . a celebrated San F**11 'ciseb . x«staaiii^-'-'jffi6easring. some fine old Bur gundy, after' having done full justice to the cuifine. J' c, 4 1 say, 'Wilton^ said one, * only two days more in which to save your bet.' 4 More than I need. One day would be enough, was the nonchalant answer. 4 What bet is that ?' asked another. 4 What bet !' they all cried, with one voice. 4 Haven't you heard ?' 4 Well, if you alL shont at me like that, there will be no excuse for not hearing. What is the bet, Wilton?' ..it . 4 A thousand dollars, even, that I wen t drive Maida Carringford to the Cliff House before the end of the Week.' * She had refused to see anybody, or to accept any gifts,' explained the one who had first spoken, 4 but Wilton declared that it was only because she had net been approached in the right way. He said he did not believe in any kind of virtue in ah actress, least of all.ia such an im pregnable sort as she assumed j so he bet a thou sand be would drive her to the Cliff House. I took him np.' . , . .. * I'll double the bet,* said Wilton, quietly. « Pshaw! you are joking,* exclaimed one ot the men. - ? . - . ?Put me to the test, if you think so. Take up javbet/ But the speaker did not do it. Although it was plain to them all that Caryl WilUn would certainly lose, yet there was something in his lanuuid indifference that inspired eautio®, as If the confidence that he had in himself must arise from the knowledge ot soaffivhing unknown -i And yet the -manner was habitual to him. Al ways self-pOBsessed, always calm and indilferent, whether he was losing thousands or winning them. No One could fed Wumphabt in winhing froniJ^*hdfcbMe : ing to him any chagrin ia lofing. He was admired and somewhat feared by the men, eveii in that cit »- so full of the recklessly brave, and he was courtcd by the softer sex not only lie cause he was hand - . eomer than most men, nt,r becauso ho was soem ingly rich beyond the need of care, but that lie had in his face and manner that consciousness of power wliich so few men ever have. Who he was nobody knew, further than that he had plenty of money, for which ho occasionniiT drew on London ; that in some way he had gained the entree into the most exclusive of San Fran cisco society; that he was altvays faultlessly dressed, with the manner cf a man who could not be anything else from tho very force of habit, and that he was an Englishman. Whether lord «:r commoner, no one had the hardihood to ask him, for he had a singular air of conveying, before a question was asked, the idea that it was imper tinent. He was, to sum np, a masterful man, but withal one who was uniformly -courteous and good-tempered. After the last remark, he looked enquiringly around the table, and, as if satisfied nobody would accept h:s offer, pushed his chair back and leisure! v arose. ' Why, you are not going yet? was the gene ral cry. 4 The play will not begin for half an hour ret.' ' Yes, 1 must go. 1 have an engagement.' 4 But you wili be at the theatre ?: 'Perhaps.' f, n 7 4 You know it is ' Romeo and Juliet ' to-night. It is me of her best parts.' 4 Is she so very good, then ?' enquired the one . . who had been ignorant of the bet. 4 1 have been away for a month, you know.' is reaL virtue, -oris 'ehe only doing a little skilful- -''-*'' ' angling for a husband ? 1 shall know before this night is over.' He walked leisurely to the California Theatre, where Maida Carringford tvaa playing, and weiic round to the stage door, where ho knocked, Tha door was instantly opened, and he would liave walked in without a word, had uot the Cerbsi us surlily demanded : 4 Who d'ye want to see ?' ' Mr. Baker.' ' Come in here and wait. Jimmy, toll Mr. Baker that there is a gent, here wants to see him. What name?' 'No name. And, Jimmy, tell Mr. Baker a man wants to see him. A man cr a gentle-man ; not a gent. Anything but a gent, Jimmy. Hurry up, now.' Jimmy grinned, and ran off, while the door keeper scowled and muttered under his breath, half inclined to give the visitor a piece of his mind, and yet yielding to the influence of the easy manner, and refraining, a wonder to himself that he did. In a very minutes Mr. Baker came into tlie little room, and gazed at Caryl Wilton wiih the manner of & man who has had to deal with such characters before, and knows just how to do it. In fact, the pressure for admittance behind the scenes had never been so great as now, when Maida Carringford was acting at tho theatre. 4 You wished to see me?' he said inquiringly. 4 On the part of Mr. Dusanle, yes., ' Oh !' ejaculated Mr. Baker. Mr. Dusante was the Romeo, and as Mr. Baker took a more careful look at his visitor he seemed to feel that he was not one of the gay young fal lows about town who would be likely to be there for the purpose of troubling his famous star. Mr. Wilton Bmilcd quietly, as if comprehending the thoughts of the manager, and said : ' Shall we talk here ? 4 No, no ; come to my office. He led the way back to the stage and off to a small room in the left wing. 4 Now, sir, if you please ; what can 1 do for you ? he said. 4 Mr. Dusante wished me to say to you that he could not bs here this evening. 4 Not be here? exclaimed the astounded mana ger. 4 Why he must be here ! 4 Nevertheless, he will not, said Carvl, with an amused smile. The manager threw himself bask in Lis chair and stared at his visitor. Then he bounced up and ?cried out : . ? — 4 What does IhiB mean? . lg he ill? T - , ' Ho i3 ill; there is no doubt nhoat that for 1 ; saw him in bed, andJiene is the doctor's «rtifi~. cate to bear out my opinion!. ?. i, -! ''.V'-^r../... He handed the distracted manager a document which left no mannerof doubt in his mind. 'What am 1 to do? cried the poor man, run ning his hands through his hair, as if dragging for an idea. 4 He has an undrr-study, has he not? ' Yes, but 1 never for a moment suspected such a thing as this, and 1 gave him leave to go to San Jose. ' Which he asked for at my suggestion, was Wilton 5 mental comment. Aloud he said, with p.n appearance of solicitude, 1 1 am very sorry. Mr. Dusante was afraid that you might be placed in an awkward position. 1 tliink l;c faid you had no one but his undor study who could take his place. ' Yes, groaned the manager. ' and 1 cannot even change ths play rsow. Why didn t he let me know before ? If 1 had known three hours ago 1 could hare made some ckar.ge. 4 Which was exactly what 1 wished to pre vent, was the second nuntal comment. While he said aloud : * Mr. Dusante hoped until the last moment that he could come, ne did think of you, however, as this letter from him will prove. He handed the manager a letter, which the latter took with au appearance of grasping at the straw which he hoped would save him from metaphorical drowning. He tore it open and read it, and then turned to Caryl. 4 He says you will take his place.' 'As a great favour to him, and out of com passion to the dear public.' 4 He says you are a better Romeo than he can ever hope to be.' 4 He flatters me, no doubt.' 4 You have played the part, than ?' ? Certainly.' 'Mav 1 ask where?' ' In London ; bet 1 will save you the trouble of asking any more questions by saying that 1 will tell you nothing about myself. If you do not choose to take the word and judgment of Mr. Du sante you will hava to dispense with my services. Mr. Dusante thought he was doing you a great favour when he persuaded me to lake his place. What is your decision ? I am uot so enamoured of the part that I care to return to the stage unless it is in the cause of friendship.' The indifferent manner did its work, aud, with anxiety nrd humility mingled, the poor manager begged Wilton to take no offence, but to assume the part, with the assurance of his gratitude for doing so. *? ' 'Very well; but I mustinsfet npon* condition. - - ^ Yohwill/makejoyaggi^^ tell ' Dusante which' he wis^ure would fit me in hia room, u is one he had from London^ and was too targe for ? ! him.' _ L C 9 : It was, in fact, ene which Dusante bad placed in his room for this vrry purpose, after he had received no lees a sum than £200 from Wilton in consideration of falling ill this night. It had been well planned, and was tho last card m his hand and his highest trump. He could plav the part well enough. He had played it often in London, and so well that he had been offered al most what he would by managers to go on the professional stage. It was not that which troubled him ; it was the fear that he would play in vain. He did not care for the loss of tbe money, hut he had an aversion to being beaten in an affair of this sort. He had always been successful with women, and he bad never been at so much trouble before. Young, handsome as an ^ Apollo, graceful of iuauner, and with a rich baritone voice, he made an ideal Romeo. The peculiar dress of the time suited him rarely* and when he came out of his . room dressed and made np for the part, he was . greeted byeven the eallouteed habitues of the stage with a murmur of admiration. The manager, . who had awaited his appearance with a sort of anguish, exclaimed at first Sight of him : 'If he acts as iielooksthe audience will have a treat to- night.* ' ? ?' ? Caryl eaw him, and gave him a careless nod, saying indifferently : ^ . ?1 suppose you told Miss Carringford I waa to personate Someo for this one time ?' * Yes, sir.' * And did she take it kindly ?' * She only said she hoped you were equal to * Had you not better introduce me to her before 4 we go on?' 1 1 was waiting here for that porposa. « Thai let ns go,fok-it must hethEefor the cat- . - 