THE INDIAN WAR, The Ghost" Dance "Dpscbibed. The ghost dance has seldom been witnessed by a whiteman but an. American paper describes one of them! as seen from distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the seat. The camp in question was situated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills i Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled to the middle of the valley. some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled themselves to modern ways, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark and though the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, ablaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of' about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed.' Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt' down in the centre of the valley. They began! chanting what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. The warriors advanced, and, joining hands in a large circle behind the old squaws, they began the ghost dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came the in- vocation to the dead braves to rise and exterminate the white man, The old women, mean while, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Returning with these they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors and passed through the circle like a procession of Bphinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till I daylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. That the war paint of the braves means a deadly intention to the whites is unfortunately but too clear, ^ " An Inman Ultimatum-The Steps Refuse to Stop Dances?. " '~ From Pine Ridge, South Dakota, where, as we have been informed by cable, serious '-case disturbances have recently taken place, a telegram was received, dated 22nd November, as follows ! the Sioux and Cheyenne Indians mean war, Dr. Rogers, the agent, received to-day by, courier from the ' great camp of the Ghost Dancers an ultimatum from the hostile chief Little Wound, who apparently intends to lead the Ogallelas against the soldiers, He says in " Dr. Bogers,-I understand the soldiers have come on to our reservation. What have they come for? We have done nothing. Our dance is a religious dance, and we are going to dance until swing. If we find Christ does not appeal we shall stop dancing. But troops or no troops we shall start to dance on this creek in the morning. We also understand that I am not, to be recognised as chief any longer. Neither you or any one of the white people made me chief, and you cannot throw me away as you please. But I tell you, Dr. Rogers, the Indians made me their chief, and by them I shall be so recognised as long as I live. We have been told you intended to stop our rations and annuities. Well, we do not care for that The little rations we got do not amount to anything But if such is the case you might as well send me word, so that my people may be saved the trouble of going to the agency. We) do not intend to stop dancing. " (Signed) Little Wound." Little Wound is now, with thirty lodges of followers, encamped at Medicine Root Creek, en route to join the main body of the hostile Indians on the White River. The dancerslia^e been formally notified to stop their ogie&r; and the above letter is the answer to the notification. Dr. Rogers will not reply to it. He sakVt?>Th8 Sioux moan war, They have been ordered to stop dancing, and have refused to do so. It now only remains for the troops to enforce they order." The Royal Oak Lodge held their fortnightly meeting in the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday evening. The election and installation of officers and auditors' report and balance-sheet formed the principal part of the business District President Bro. Ede was present and duly installed the following officers into their respective seats: A.D., Bro. B. Rogers; V.A.D., Bro. S. Butterfield ; secretary, Bro. W. J. Hallett; treasurer, Bro. L. F. Legge: A.D. Bards, Bros. J. Hutchison and J. Finnis wood; V.A.D. Bards, Bros. J. M. Robinson and J, Henry; LG., Bro. R. Stothard; O.G,, Bro. Wm. Lansbury. Two candidates were initiated into the rites of Druidism, including one honorary member. D.P. Bro. Ede and Bros. Phillips and Shimenson, of the Stoney henge, assisted in the ceremony. a -. t It is pleasant to hear that Mrs. Keeley, with whose name so many happy stage reminiscences are associated, has just entered on her 86th year, and is still hale and hearty. 