DRAMATLIC AND MITSICAL I 1NOTES. (BY TorusHToNE.) OLD LAUNCESTON PLAYBILLS. i o 96. THEATRE ROYAL. SATURDAY, OcTonmt 8, 1864. Extra night of COMEDY, FARCE, SINGING, AND DANCING, By the whole strength of the cneupany. ON MONDAY NEXT, Positivelyv the LAsT NI U I'T, As the company start for Hobart Town on Tuesday. MR CHARLES DILLON Will appear in his celebrated character of SIR GILES OVERREACH IN A NEW WAY, TO PAY OLD DEBTS. OBSERVE I POSITIVELY THE LAST NIGHT. The Marian Willie Dramatic Company are concluding a three weeks season at the Hobart Theatre Royal. Stacey's ' Hans the Boatman' Company open in Hobart next week. Advices from Western Australia are to the effect that the Taylor-Cartlhgton Dramatic Compatij" hanl ju.t coneiluded thb lildat successful tour of that country yet recorded in its theatrical annals. Dur ing the concluding performance at Perth, Mr Taylor, Miss Carrington, and the leading members of the company, were called before the curtain and accorded quite a demonstration. Mr. Taylor an nounced he had cleared &1000 during his stay in the country." This popular com pany will probably visit Launceston about July or August. The following bills are at present run ning at the various Melbourne and Sydney theatres:-Melbourne-Royal, 'The' New Rush'; Princess's, 'The Old Guard'; Bijo, ' The Butler'; Opera House, 'Evan geline'; Alexandra, 'The Scout.' Sydney -Royal: - 'London Day by Day'; Her Majesty's, ' Corsican Brothers' ; Cri terion, ' Imprudence' ; Garrick, 'Fun on the Bristol.' At the Alexandra Theatre, Melbourne, the celebrated rifle shot, Dr. Carver will appear in conjunction with, Mr Alfred Dampier's Dramatic Company in a drama entitled 'The Scout.' Dr. Carver will ap pear in conjunction with his organisation of cowboys, Mexicans, wild Indians, etc. On Monday evening last at the Opera House, Melbourne, was produced foi' the first time outside America an opera bouffe in three acts healing the title of 'Evan geline.' This work, which has during the past sixteen years enjoyed n. almost un exampled popularity in the States, is the joint production of Mr E. E. Rice and Mr Jheever Goodwin, the former of whou, is now on a visit to the colonies to supcrin tend its introduction to the public of Aus tralia. As its title would indicate., the opera deals with the incidents of Long fellow's Eveageline, which to suit the circumstances of the case, are of course burlesqued almost out of recognition ; but the idea in the minds of Messre Rice and Goodwin was to amuse the public., and this, in America at least, they have for the past sixteen years succeeded in doing.: A character who intrudes his person ality into each individual scene of the opera without ever giving utterance to a single syllable may seem an odd notion, but the Lone Fisherman has so thoroughly established his popularity in the States that it is only reasonable to sup pose he will succeed in pleasing.the public in the colonies equally well. No matter how skilfuily the.lovera may lay their plans for an interrupted,interview,the Lone Fisherman is always in evidence; if they go away to a desert island his everlasting fishing-rod is seen dangling from' the rocks." Barry Sullivan the celebrated tragedian, so well remembered by old colonial play goers, is dead. That best of fareial comedies, 'The Private Secretary,' is having. a big run at the Islington Grand, .London. Mesnsr Frank Thornton and.J. G. Grahame, with. the other members of AIrC. H, Hawtiree's company, are presenting it very effectively. The Queen has presented Mr John Hare, the clever character actor, with a hand some scarf pin in commemoration of his appearance before her at Windsor Castle. on the 17th inst. The design of the pinuis the Imperial monogram ' V.R.I.' in dia monds, surmounted by the Imperial Crown in gold, set with diamonds. The Camp of the Dahomey Amazons. is the latest boom in Paris, On Sunday, March 8, there were 45,000 visitors at the Jardin d' Acelimatation, where these female warriors are on view. Mr Walter Bentley, who visited Australia several years ago, is announced to reappear in London in some Shakesperian part, after a long absence in America and in the Engish provinces. Mr Bentley is a son of the late Dr. Baog,the eminent Presbyterian minister of Edinburgh. Bentley is, of course, a theatrical name. The Italian tragedian Rossi lately appeared for the first time in Vienna as 'Ivan the Terrible,' in a drama of that name by the late Count Tolstoi. The announcemen0 that Henry Irving means shortly to revive 'The Corsican Brothers' has given rise to some interest ing speculations as to whether the super natural business in that piece will be done in an improved style. It is remembered that, as formerly produced by Mr Irving, is left much to be desired in that respect. The ghost did his spiriting in too mechanical a fashion. Hopes are, however, expressed that in this instance the manager of the Lyceum will be able to provide a spectre fit to satisfy the most exacting member of the Physical Society. A new theatre is about to be built in Lima. The architect is an Englishman, Edward Clark. The chief materials Ihe will use, he says, are 'steel wire and elastic concrete.' He hopes thereby to provide against the contingencies of earth quake. Early this month Mr Augustus Harris was to revive, at Druary Lane, London, the late Mr Charles Readc's play, 'It's Never Too Late to Mend,' in which Mr Charles Warner will reappear as Tom Robinson. 