A "DREAM" BY OLIVE SCHREI YEE. ' God's Light ox the Mouxtaixs." " And God said, Let there ho lip'lit. And there wis light." One by one the clouds lifted, and the dense drooping veils of mist were slowly withdrawn. Tlie great mountains became visible, clearly defined against the hea vens' ethereally faint blue. Eternal snow lay frozen while upon thorn, and their cold high peaks seemed very far away. But 0110 llrigllt bill" of luminous gold brightened tlieir slopes towards the oust: and ill that warm mid tender liaze the hard snow melted, and ihe purple violets opened into bloom. Two dark lip tires of men advanced into the light. They had climbed for many hours. They bad seen tlio radiance from afav.und now tlioyenteredittogetlicr They were brothers in their common lot and creed, ljutas they stepped into tlie golden glory their brows grew heavy with distrust and wrath. " 'What doest tliou here r said the one, " The Eight is mine!" "Xay.fool," said the other, "tliou liest —the Eight is mine!" And the evil frown deepened on their faces, and tliey forgot tlieir brotherhood and fought; fought till thoviolets 011 the turf sickened and died in the torrent of blood that was shed. But suddenly between them a Shadow fell. And the Shadow's name was Death. Then those contesting twain shrank from each other's grasp in fear, and covering tlieir eyes tliey fled swiftly; and the Shadow went with them. And tlieir blood sank into the cool brown earth, and the violets bloomed again. And God's Light lay upon the mountains. Two women came into the Light. They were great Queens, brow-hound with ;ohl and burdened with a weight of gems. With them they dnigged a faint ing feeble creature like a child with wings, an almost dying thing that we]it and wailed aloud and shuddered as it came, lleaching the Light, the women paused and faced each other. " Loose thou thy hold of Love," said the one—" for lo, we have reached the real, and, by the wonder of my beauty in the Light, both Light and Love are mine.'' "0 traitress!" cried the other. "What hast thou to do with beauty where I am't I am the mistress of the world : Love is my servant, Light my heritage. Dispute no more, for Love and Light are mine ! " And again the Shadow fell. Then those two rival Queens grew pale and thin and melted like frail ghosts into the darkness. Hut the winged child remained alone, weeping. And God's Light lay softly 011 the mountains. A solitary wayfarer advanced into the the Light. Hare-headed and with up lifted eyes, he paused and looked and smiled. Ilis limbs were very weary, his hands were hard with unrewarded toil; but, though his face was pale and careworn, it was beautiful. Ilis lipis parted in a sigh of rapture. " This is the Light! " lie said, " lly God, I thank Thee! " And the winged Love who wept alone, drew near to him and kissed his feet. " 0, who art thou!' " it questioned him sobbingly, "Who art thou that lias toiled so far to find the Light, and hast 110 word of envy on thy lips, hut only peace and praise r " And the Stranger.smiling, answered:— "lam known as the despised and lonely ; in all the world T possesslnolli ing, not even a blessing. Alone I have been from the first beginning—alone I must ho to the list End. But I have sought the tight and found it, wherefore I praise '*ie Giver of the Light who hath not 'altered me to bo dismayed. Eor I K-ar the name most hated among men— the name of Truth." And again the Shadow fell. Only it was 110 more a Shadow hut a Brightness, brightening into the Light itself. And tired Truth drauk in the golden glory, and grew strong. Love dried its childish tears, and afar off there was a. sweet sound as of the singing of angels. And God's Light widened on the mountains. 