^r(,'ccceouitcov' imli tio'i'c'r') '? ? cirt' wa' h?ld 'i- thi' Mil;ehMc itaco ilnstitute yesterdcay'cntvelngc c in nidof thl'funds of, th~.,Young° Moti's l-selibly Olub, lout it ynea not? pat roi 'l? ay?g ne.il (j lio d .ndlarciur to pet vide einocil-gatheriiigs duriiig the win teruiocichs) recilly. doerive:; owiow ve there was. a fair atti?,dacuie ittld' lii futicdewilhl boe trongthlcidl hy a f'air iutii.un; Olhd ie noricidg nmen 'oxpreosicg tiiens,,lcue' 1otli ,atiidtled-ari. d gatilwid o0 tug. relnk.. of tlio iiidciivn.ici. r iWeb , bicde; a crry Heficcoiit.and ai"t"c?ele gotiiuctor, ?nd i '.hii v introl dueoryiril'ciacom 'ncentiiidid lie olcjlrct foewich tlil cco|eirt hoid blieon deter=' icpl d e upron ;,id. ;hoped all', proesent :ccui1.ce. enpjy tliemiselves uthioroighly Anis;jstrunl;niil. .piec.i :excillonly picuyed by, Misse awlinls, opencd the progrincice, Mr TlidCi Bdmnford follow ilt ? wtli ' the Sham lrck?'of Ireland," very well cccng, and . deselredly ap pliededo. Mica Julini W1atherloy be init very successfee l in her rendering of , The hlinstrel liny," -" T'he Land of the West," by Mr W. T. Clarke evok inl.;'hearty applutao. - Our old friend "MI;s James-I Hlrkes was warmly re vuived acid P?Ing-" A las those Chimes' in a very charming manner, but de. olined an encore. Mr James Herkes following with " The MidMhipmite," rniidered well, spiritedly and in. excel. leiti vici. A recitation hy Errol Peters, " The hero of. Ballinacrazy" ecs fcairly well given, 'altlhough the t'itrapppared to sttier from{, a, nee. vouc 'atlection; phssiclly from 'having seeln.a ghost some little time previsiisly ;!ithlc .mreceived good oncouragcement froicm his audience ; a cmcis song " Es~u" by AIr Rawlings; receiving an encore which was rot complied. with: After the usual interval,. Mrs.J.. Her i'a delighted' a?I by, the,, finished style in which lshe played- unninstrumcntal piece. ..Miss Harper rcceciving a per feot ovation iy heir beautiful rendering of " The threI. FiherIIe," and in colm. pliance withc the unanimous and vociferous demainds for an encore, this young lady very kindly favoured her rather unfortunate admirers with- '" Love's old sweet sonig," and' .it is quite sullicienlt to nay that Miss Har per was in excellent voice and good temper, which really means that she oirriced her audience cjipletely with her. Miss J. Weatherley sung "Nancy," very nicely Ieing favoured with decided cmanifestaitiona of plea sure," E. Peters following with a recitation " How to cure a Cough," roceived with favour, applause and laughter, the latter being I helieve partly on account of the humor of the piece, and partly on account of the youthful reciter. MissitIltOole ren dtered the next? numhbor.lry nicely, cad Ihins Purteous gaI'e-" Kate O'Shea" very sweetly and carefully with an extremely pleasing voice and good manner. Although rather ncr vous, Miss Porteous acquitted herself excellently well, and possessing a very sweet nmllow voice of good comlpans with ai appreciation of ellulivl, elocuc tihtn, this young Idy will yet shine in tihe folednciat raltlk of our alnatnoulr vocalists. A comic song, " I Keuuwe. by Mr Rawlings was so greatly appro. ciated that an unicore Uwas thio is vitu )ile conscequnce. A veirsn of the Natiohml Antheml concludedi the 'pro griulline, when thle dloor won elleared, and dancing eijoyed until n uearly hour in the morning. .During the evenling accomlllpanliments were played by 1istev J. Wecltherley, Je*ail [ ICol,, ind Rawlings, and Ifrs Jamis Hierkes, the music ifc the dalcashe Iing provided . Iy Miscses Ilactinian acd Hawlings, and iMr Oilcl s. WVenther still warm crcd dry; hardly a liidlc of greeni grase to.l I on, a bad 'outlotk for wilter 'leanlliro, h.-ow ever we Imust hopie for the br~i,' snidi three or four days astiudy rainl; 