TflE WORLD, THE FLESH, II THE DEVIL. By MISS BRA.DD0N, Author of ' Lady Andley's Secret,' ' Phantom Fortune,' 'Dead Men's Shoas,' 'Cot by the County,' 'Taken at the Flood,' 'Weavers and Weft,' ' Oaa Thing Naed ful,' 'Mohawks,' &o.; [Pabliehed by special arrangements with the author. All rights reserved.] Ghafteb II.— 'Through a Glass Dabklt.' The opera house wbb not brilliantly filled. There were a great many important functions going on tbat evening, events thickening a3the eeaeon sloped towards its close, and it may be that the new Zerlina had not baen sufficiently puffed, or that the real music lovers who can never have too much Mozart are only the minority among opera Boers, There were a good many blank spaces in the BtaU3 and a good many untenanted boxes, not was the display of diamonds and beauty as splendid &i; it might have been. In an andienoe at half power Mrs. Cham pion's Oriental loveiineBB and MtB, Champion's tiaia of diamond stara shone oonepicuoaa, Sne was dressed with that careless air whioh wag her speciality, in some filmy fabrio of daffodil color, nhioh was arranged in loose folds aoross her bust and shoulders, tne folda canght here and there aa if ai random with a diamond etar. A great cluster of yellow orchids was fastened on one shoulder, and there were yellow orchids pinned on her black laoe fan, while long blask glares gave a touch of eccentricity to her taiiette. Her one object in dressing herself waB to be different from other woman. She never wore the fashionable color or the fashion able fabric, but gloried in opposition, and took iDfinite pains to find samethipg in Paris or Vienna whioh nobody was wearing in London. The awe- inspiring muBio whioa closes the Eeoond aot, and seema to presage the horror ol the Ecenee that are coming, was harrying to its brilliant finish, when Gerard, looking idly down upon the stalls, started at Bight of the man who bad myBtifiei him more than any ctber human being had ever done. There, loungiog in hie place between two unoccupied Beats, he«aw Mr. Jermyn, apparently enjoying the xnuBia with tbat keen enthusiasm whish enly the real music lover can feel. Hia head was thrown back, his tbip, pile lips were eiigh.Uy parted, and hia large blue eyes beamed with raptore. Yee, a man who passionately loved music, or else a most consummate aotor. The very presence of tbe man recalled Gerard Hilleradon to the business which was to be done afiertbe green curtain tud fallen and his fair eomp&Biooa; bad been handed into their carriage. Ten miautea ia a hansom, and be would be in his lodgings, aud tueea would be no eTcuee for delay. His time would bave come before tbe clock of St. James's Cbnrcb struck midnight. He had looked at bis pifctul cⅇ involuntarily while be waa drtEBiDg for the evening, He knew where it etood ready to his hand, and close beside the pistol- case was a business-like letter from hia landlord requesting the settlement of a long account for rent and maintenance— only saoh breakfaatB and casual meals as a young man of fashion takes at his lodgings — whioh had mounted to formidable figures. And an onnoe of lead was to be the Bole settlement. For the fiiEt time in his life Mr, Hillderson felt aorry f oi those eminently respectable people, his landlord and landlady. He began to qaastion whether he ought not at least to shoot himself out 6! doors rather than to infiiot upsn aa old est&fcliBbed; lodging-houBe the Btigma of a Euicide, but the inoonvenienoe of sel(- destruc- tion su&jevc; was too apparent to him, and he felt. tbat he must ba selfish in this final act of a purely selfish life. Yea, there eat Justin Jermyn, oomplacent, tall of enjoyment; the man who had toll hm what he was going to do. How the modern sorcerer would pride himself upon that foreknowledge to-j&orrow; when the evening papers told of the deed that had been done there would doubtless be a paragraph in tha papers — three lines at most — and porhap3 a line on tbe contents bill— Disteessino SuiCiDE of a Gentlkm&n.; Suicides are always de scribed as distressing when the salt -slaughterer is of gentle blood. He felt angry with Jermyn for having con trived to hannt these last hours of hia life. He eat watching the Boroerer all through the list aot of tbe opera, noting his elfin enjoyment of all that waa diabolioal in the mnaio and the libretto. How he grinned at the discomfiture of Don Giovanni, how he rosk9d himBelf with laughter at the abjeot terror of Leperello, No one approached him as an acquaintance. He eat in complete isolation, bnt in supreme en ? joytnent, apparently tbe happiest man in that Rreat theatre, the youngest and the freshest in the capacity to enjoy. ' And that laughing foal read my purpose aB if my brain had been an open book,' mused Hilleradon savagely. His anger was not lessened when he glanced round while he was conducting M-b, Champion to her carriage and saw the Fate reader's Blitn, supple figure behind him, and the Fate reader's gnome-lite oountenanoe Bmiling at him under an op6ra hat. 'I am bo sorry you are leaving London bo bood,' said Mrs. Champion, a9 he lingered at tbe carriage door for the one half minute allowed by the Jack in office at hia elbow. She gave him her hand and evsn pressed the band which held hers with more sentiment than the was wo&tto; show. 'Drive on, coachman,' shouted the com. miBBionaire. No time for sentimental partings there ! Hilleradon walked out of the covered co lonnade, meaning to pick up the first hansom that offered itself. He had not gone three steps along the Bow street pavement when Jermyn was oIobc beside him. ' Are you going hums, Mr. Hilleredon ?' he asked, in a friendly tone. 'Delightful opera, * Don Giovanni,' ain^t it The best out and away. * Faust' is my next favorite ; but even Gounod can't touch Mozart.' ' I daresay not ; but I am no connoisseur. Good night, Mr, Jermyn. I am going home immediately.' ' Don't. Gome asd have some supper with me. I o&Iy; half told your fortune this after noon, jou were so deueedly impatient, I hive a good deal more to tell you. Gome aud have seme supper in my chambers.' 'Some other night, perhaps, Mr. Jeraiyn. I am goitg straight homa.' 'Acd you mean there phill be no other nights in your life?' eaid Jermyn, in a lot?, silky voice that made Hilleiadon savage, for it jarred npon his irritated nerves more than tbe harshest aocents could have done. 'Good night,' he said curtly, turning on hie heel, Jermyn was not to be repulsed. 'Come home with me,' he said s 'I won't leave you while you have the suicide's line on your forehead. Gome to auppar with me, Hillersdon. I have a brand of champagne that will smooth out that ugly wrinkle, if you'll only give the stuff a fair trial.' 'I don't know where you live, and I don't care a jot for your wines or any body else's, I am leaving town to morrow morning, and I want my last hours in London for my own purposes.' Jermyn put his arm through Hilleradon's, wheeled him round in the direction of Long acre, acd quietly led him away. That waa hia snBwer to Hillersdon's testy speech, and the young man eubmitted, feeling a vis incrtice a languid indifference which made him consen tient to a stranger's will, having lost all will power of hia own, Ee was angry with Jermyn, yet even more angry with mmaelf, and in that stormy sense ol indignation, tempered curiously with supine nees, he took but little note of which way they went. He remembered going by Lincoln's Inn Fields and tbe Turnstile. He remembered crossing Holbonrn, bat knew not afterwards whether tbe shabby, equalid - looking inn beneath whose gloomy gatehouse Jermyn led him did or did not open directly ont of tbe gteat thoroughfare. He remembered always that it was a miBt dismal looking concatenation of tall, shabby houseB, forming a quadrangle, in whoae stony centre there was a dilapidated basin, whioh might ence have been a fountain, The summer moon, lidiDg high and faBt amid wind- tossed clouds, ehoce fell into the stony yard and lit np tbe shabby fronts of the houses, but not one lamp-lit window cheered with the suggestion of life and occupation. 'Do you mean to say you live ia this ghastly hole?' he exclaimed, speaking for tbe firet time since they left Bow- street ; '' it looks sb if it were tenanted by a company of ghoata.' 'A good many of the houses are empty, and I daresay the ghosts of dead usurers and dis honest lawyers and broken-hsaited clients do have a high time in the old rooms now and sgain,' answered Jermyn, with his irrepressible Iangh; 'but I have never seen any company but raw, mice, aud such -small deer, aa Bason sajs, Of course, he was B*ooa. VWte all agreed upon that.' HiHeredon ignored thin frivolity and stood dumbly, while Jermyn put his key into a door, opened it, and led tbe way into a passage that was pitch dark. Not a pleasant Bituation to be alone in a dark passage at midnight in a pcarcely inhabited block of buildings quite out off from the rest of the world with a man whose repute waa decidedly diabolical. Jermyn Btruok a matoh and lighted a small hacdlamp, whioh improved the situation just a little. ' This is try den,' he said, 'and I've made the place pretty oomfortable inside, though it looks rather uncanny ontside,' He led the way np an old oak staircase, narrow, shabby, and unadorned, but oak pannelied, and therefore precious in the eyes of those who cling f ondly to the past and to tbat old London which is bo Bwif tly vanishing off the face of the earth. The little lamp gave but just light enough to xn&Ve; the darkness of the Btairoaae visible, till they came to a landing whexe the moon looked in through the murky panes of a tall windo w, and anon to a higher landing where a vivid streak of lamplight under a door gave tbe first token of habitation. Jermyn opaned this door, and hiB guest stood half blinded by the brilliant light, and not a little astonished by the elegant luxury of those two rooms, opening into eaoh other with a wide archway, whioh Mr. Jermyn had called his 'den.' Hillersdon had been in many bachelor rooms within the preoinots of The Albany, in Piaaa dilly, St. Jamea'Bg and Ma j fair, bnt he had eeen nothing more studiously luxurious than the Fate reader's den, Heavy velvet curtai&B;, of darkieb green, draped the Bhuttered windows. The ingle-nook waa quaint, artistic, comfortable, the glistening tiles were decorated with storks and sea birds, which might have been painted by Stacey Marks himself. The furniture was all that is most rare and genuine in the relics of the Chippendale era. The carpet waa a marvel of Oriental undertones and Oriental richness of fabrio. Taa few piecea of pottery whioh made spots of vivid color here and there amidst the prevailing sombienesB of hue were ohoioeat specimens of Indian and Italian ware. Tbe pictures wera few. A Judas, by Titian; n wood nymph, naked acd uneBhamed, against a dark back ground of foliage, by Guido ; and three carious bits of the early German school, made up the show of art, save for a bust of the Fate reader in black marble, a oprionsly faithful likeness, in which the fawn like character of the head and the elfin smile were but slightly aooen tuated. This bust Btood upon a pedestal of dark red marble and seemed to command the room. The inner room waa furnished as a library. There the lamps were Bbaded and the light subdued. Here under the centre lamp tbat hung low over the small, round dining table appeared all the arrangements for a dainty little supper. Two covered diahea on a chatiog dish ; a ttoffled pullet and a miniature York ham, a lobBter salad, strawberries, peasues, champagne in a brazen ice pail ornamented «itb Bacchanalian figures in repousse1 work, ' My servant has go&e; to bed,' said Jermyn, 'but be has left everything ready, and wa can wait upon each other. Cutlets, salmi aax olives,' be said, lifting the covers ; ' which may I give you V 'Neither, thanks. I told you I had no appetite.' t ' Discouraging to a man who ia as hungry aa a hunter.' retorted Jermjn, helping himself. 'Try that maderia, it may give you an appetite.' Hjlietedon seated himBelf opposite his host and took a glass of wine. His oacioaity wa.3 stimulated by the Fate reader's surroundings ; and, after all, the thing which be had to do aight btand over for a few hours, Ha oould not help being interested in this young man, who either by instinct or by a happy gueaa had fathomed his purpose. The luxury of these rooms piqued him, so etrikiog a contrast with the ehabbinesB of bis own Vtrest Ead lodging, albeit that lodging was far from cheap. He was supposed to pay for 'situation,' Of luxury be bad nothing, of comfort very little. How did Jermyn contrive to be bo well off, he wondered ? Did be live by fate leading, or had he meanB of bis own? Jermyn was eating bis supper all this while, and with a fine appetite and an epiaurean gueto. After a couple of glasses of madeira bis guest helped himBelf to lobster Balad, and when Jeimyn opened the ohampagne the tiro men were hob- nobbing comfortably, and that wine being choice of ita kind and admirably iced Hillersdon drank the best part of a bottle, and fonnd himself enjoying his supper more than he had enjoyed anything in the way of meat anddrink for a long time. The conversation during sapper was of the lightest, Jermyn letting off hia criticisms, mostly unfavorable, upon people known to them both, and laughing tremendously at hiB own wit. He was caret ul not to mention Mra. Champion, however, and Hilleradon had no objection to spatter mud npon the ruck of hia acquaintance. Sapper over, and a box of cigars open between them, with a silver spirit lamp shaped like a serpent offering ita flaming jawa for their n£?, the men grew more eeriousj It was past 1 o'clock. They had been a long time over their 8upp?r and they seemed no longer BtrangerB— intimtb&B; rather, not united by any particular eBteem for eaoh other, bat one in their contempt for other people, 'The champagne has wiped out that ngly wrinkle already, 'said Jermyn with his friendly air ; ' and now tell me what oould induoa yon to contemplate such a thing.' 'What thing?' asked Hilleradon, waxing moody. Jermyn'a reply was pantomimic. He passed hiB hand across bis throat, significant of a razor ; he turned hia hand towards his opsn mouth, suggestive of a pistol ; he tossed off an imapinaiy poison cnp. 'You insist upon suggesting——' began HillerBdon angrily. ' I tell you I saw it in your faoe. The man who contemplates suicide has a look whioh no man who reads the human countenance can mistake. There is a fixed horror in the eyeB as ot one who statea into the unknown, andkaows that he ia neati&g; the mystery of life and death, There are perplexed lines about the brow, 'shall I or shall I not?' and tbete is a nervous hurry as of one who wants to get a disagreeable business over as soon a* may be. I have narer been mistaken yet ic that look. Why,- my dear fellojf, «by ? Surely liie at eight and twenty ia too precious a thicg to bs frittered away for a trifle.' ''You take my 'ite when you do take the crane by which I live,' ' quoted Hillersdoa, ' Bacon again. That fellow has something to say about everything. Yon imply tbat you a:e impecunioua and would rather be dead than penniless.' ' Take it bo, if yon please.' ' Good. Now how can you tell that fortune ia not waiting for yon at some turn in the road ; you know not tbat road of the future which no man knows till he treada it. So long as a man is alive he has always a ohanoe of becom ing a millionaire. So long as a woman ia un married there is always the possibility of her being made a duoheBS.' 'The chance of fortune in my case is bo remote that it is not worth considering. I am the younger son ot a younger son, I nave no relative living likely to leave me the smallest legacy, Unless I could make a fortune by literature I have no chance of making one by any exertion of my own, aud my second book web bo dire a failure that I have it not in me to write a third.' ' Fortunes drop from the clouda sometimes. Have you never done any rioh man a service which might prompt him— when distributing EnpaflaouB thousands — to leave a few to you?' *' Never within my recollection.' ' Come cow. looking back at yoar life, is there no act in it of which you might fairly bs proud, no touch of the heroic, no deed worthy a paragraph in the papere.' ' None. I once saved an old man'a life, bnt I doubt if the life were wortb saving, since the old wretch did not trouble himself to thank me for having risked my own life in his service.' ♦? You saved an old man'a life at hazard of of ycur own ! Come, tbat sounds heroic.' crted Jermyn, flinging his fair head back sgainet the blackish-green of the velvet chair cover and lauehing with all hia might. Tha black buet showed a little to the left, above the level of his head* and it seemed to Hiliersdon that the black face was laughing as broadly aa the white one, i: Tell me the whole story— pray now— it sounds absolutely heroic.' nrged Jermyn. 'There is very little to tell,' replied HUlersdon coolly, 'nothing either to Iangh at or to be thrilled by. I did . only what any other active young man would have done in nay position, seeing a feeble old man in peril of immediate death. It was at Nioe. Yon know what a wilderness of iron the railway-station there is and how one has to hunt about for one's train. It was at carnival time, dusk, and a great many people were going baok to Cannes, I myself among them. The old man bad arrived from another train going eastwards and waa making for the platform, when a gieat high engine bore steadily down npon him, by no meanB at express speed, bat fast enough to paralyse him, bo that instead of getting out of the way he stood staring, hesitating, helples?. An instant more and that vast mass of iron would have cut him down and dashed the life out of him. I had but time to drag him ont of the track before the engine passed me* brushing my shoulder as it went by. I took him to the platform. Hardly anyone had seen -oar ad venture. I had a friend with me at the station, with whom I had lunched at the Cos mopolitan and who had insisted on seeing me off. I told him briefly what had happened, left the old man in hia care, and rushed baok to look for my own train, which I caught by the Efcin of my teeth.' 'And the old churl never thanked yon?' *' Not by a word ? Hia only remark was an enquiry about hie umbrella, whioh had fallen ont of hia hand when I pluoked him from the jaws of death. I believe he felt himBelf ag grieved became I bad not rescued his umbrella as well ss titCEelf.' ' Was he English, do you think ?' ' Distinctly British, A Frenchman or Italian would at least have been loquacious, if not grateful. ' 'The ehock may have made him speech less.' 'He found speeoh to enquire aiter his umbrella.' 'True, that looked black!' said Jermyn, laughing; 'I'm afraid he must have baen a tbunkleEB old dog. And you never troubled to find out who he was, I suppose — what manner of man yon had snatched from sudden death V 'I bad not the slightest interest ia hia identity.' ' So ! Well, now, let as talk still farther of yourself and yonr prospects. Ton know that people call me the Fate reader. Now I have a fancy that yourfortunea are on the threshold of a great change— and that, apart from the folly of anticipating deatb, the inevitable, in yoar caae it may be very much worth your while to live.' ' Yon are vague and general, What form of good fortune do yon predict for me ?' ' I pretend to no gift of prophecy, I only profeBB the power of insight. I can read what men are— not what ia goiog to happen to them; but as in many cases charaoter is fate I bave been able to hazard some shrewd gneaaea about the fotnre.' 'And in my case what are your gassBea ?' ' I would rather not tell you.' ' The outlook ia not satisfactory, then ?' 't Not altogether. The charaoter of a man who at eight-and twenty can contemplate auicide aa the shortest way oat of his em b&rrasBmentB; ia not a charaoter that promises well. I am frank, yon see.' ' VaEtly frank.' 11 Don't be angry,' langhed Jeimyn ; ' I pretend to be no hero myself, and if I were very hard np or very much bored I daresay I too might thick of a bullet or a dose of praaaio acid. Only that kind of idea argues a oharaoter at once weak and selfish, Toe man who takes his own life runs away from tbe universal battle, and Bhows a selfish indifference to those he leaves behind, in whose mindB the memory of his death will be a lasting pain.' 'My poor mother,' sighed Hilleradon, recoenising the truth of this assertion. ' Yon would have killed yourself because you were ennuied and unhappy ; beoause you have w&Bted; opportunities and given the best yeara of youc life to a hopeless passion. Your reason* were not strong enough ; and even if I were not here to demonstrate your folly I think year hand must bave faltered at the last moment and yon wonld have asked yourself— Ib the outlook bo very black after all ? Does cot one gleam of light pierce the darknesB?' 'The outlook ia as black as pitch,' answered HillerEdon, expanding under tbe influence of the wine he had drank bo freely, ready now to talk to this acquaintance of a day as if he were hia boeom friend and oompanion of years; 'there is not a gleam of light, not one. I have watted my chanoea ; I have frittered a way what ever talent or ' capacity I may have possessed when I left the university. I am a dependent npon a father who oan ill afford me the ahabbiest maintenance, and to whom I ought to be a help rather than a burden. I have been — and mast be bs long &b; I live — the slave of a woman who exaotE servitude and gives nothing — whoae heart and mind after yeara of olosest associa tion are Btill myateriea to me/who will not own that ah? loves me, yet will not let me go.' 'Mrs. Champion ia a remarkably clever woman,' caid Jermyn coolly, 'but there are deptbB which you havetoever fathomed under that calm and virtuous surface. Leave her for another divinity and you will Bee of what she is capable. If tbat bopelesB attachment ia your only trouble I snap my fingers at the necessity of suicide. A day, an hour may bring yon faoe to face with a woman whose influenoe will make you forget Edith Champion.' ' You have no tight to make free with Mra, Champion's name, - How do you know that she has any itflaenoe over my life?'' ' I know what all the world knowa — yoar world of Ms* fair and Belgravia, Hyde Park and South Kensington — and I know what I r«ad in tbe lady's faoe. A dangerous woman tor you. Mr. HiUeradon; witness these wasted years of whioh yon complain. Bat there are women as fair, to love whom would be a less abject servitude. Do yon remember the vision that Mepbistophelea showed Faust in the witch's kitchen?' 'Gretchen at her spinning-wheel.' 11 Gretohen at her wheel belongs to the opera, I fancy. The vision Faust saw in the witch's looking- glass was tbe vision of abstract beauty. You may remember that when he sees Gretchen in the street there is no recognition of that supernal faoe he had just seen in the glass. He was only canght by a pretty girl tripping modestly by, going home from oharoh.^ The vision may have been Aphrodite or Helen for aught we know. A clever trick, no doubt, that vision in the glass. Look yonder, Hillers don, look at that faoe there, known to yon in the past— the face of a girl steeped in poverty, beautiful as a dream, yet no better off in this world for her loveliness. Look at that fragile form bending over a aewing-maohine, our modern Bubatitute for the spinning-wheel. Look at me, Hillersdon,' repeated Jermyn; fixing him with those oold, calm, blue eyes, from which .there radiated ft Budden thrilling infla i i inn n ii ? 1 1 in i m '?^?iiii^r-ii-M-i'aiiirirfT^ii^uf i-Mi— '?Tmr-T ecee that steeped Gerard Haieraton'rf «wnsei id a dreamy light, aa of worlds and atmoiphere* unknown j 'and now look yonder,' He waved bis band candesaly toward the inner room, where in the anbdaed light Hillersdon saw the figure of a girl, shulow. dun, and vague at firat, and then developing gradually from pale grey shadow into luminous distinctness. The face waa turned to him, bnt the eyeB saw him not; they gazed sadly oat into space, fall of hopeless melancholy, while the hands moved monotonously backwards an* forwards aoross the table of a sewing maohine. A girl in a grey cotton frock sitting at work at a sewing machine. That waa the vision Gerard Hilleredon saw agiinet the dark background ot Mr. Jeraiyc'e library, bat the girl's pinched and palid faoe wab as beautifal in form aa the faoe of Eaffaelle'a loveliest Madonna, and in its profound melancholy there was a sweetness that melted his heart. Something, too, in that fair Gretchen like countenance straok him as etrangely familiar. He had aeen the face before, aot m a picture or in a status, bat in common place everj day life. When or where he knew not. Jermyn threw his half smoked cigar np into the air and bniBt into hia elfia laugh, Taa vision faded on the instant, as if bs had laughed it away. ' There is your modern Gretohen/' he said, ' a poor little sempstress, slaving from dawn to dark for something less than daily bread, as beautiful aB a Greek goddess, and virtuous epough to prefer cold and hanger to degrada tion. There is yoar true type o£ a nineteenth century Gretohen. How would yon like to ba Faust f - (t I should like to possess a share of Faust's power. Not to betray Gretchen, but to aeoura my own happiness.' 'And what is yonr idea of happiness?' asked Jermyn, lighting a fresh cigar, 'Wealth,9' answered Hillersdon quickly. ' For a man who baa lived under the goad of poverty, who has felt day by day and hoar by hoar the torment of being poorer than his fellowmen. there oan be bnt one idea-f bliaa— money and plenty of it. From my schooldays npwarda I have lived among men better off than myself. At the university X got into trouble because I exceeded my allowanoe. My father could just afford to give me two hundred a year, I spent from three to f our hundred i but tbe excess, though it caused no end ot trouble at home, left me Siill a pauper among men who spent a thousand. I had been sent to an expensive college and told to economise ; to enjoy all the privileges of contact with men ol rank and position, to be among them but not of them, I happened to be popular, and so could not altogether seclude myself from my fellowmen, I was pinohed and harassed at every turn, and yet planged in debt and a ? malefactor to my family. I oame to London, studied for the bar, eat my dinners, wasted my father's substanoe on fees, and never got a brief. I wrote a book whioh won instan taneous success, and for the moment I was rich, I thought I ht,i opened & gold mine, bought my mother a pair of diamond earrings whioh she did not want, and sent my father a fine Bet of Jeremy Taylor, whioh he had been longing for ever since I oould remember. I fell in love witha beautiful .girl, who reciprocated my affeotion, but was not allowed to marry a man whoBe only resources were in his inkstand. Sha was not inooneolable, and our engagement was no eooner broken than she married a man old* enough to be her father and rioh enough to make her a personage in the smart world, My next book, written while I was writhing under the sting of thia disappointment, waa a dead failure. I had no heart to begin another book. I have lived since, as a good many young men contrive to live in tbk great city, from hand to month, and the emptiness and hopeleaaneaa ot my life have been known to me for along' time. Do you wonder that I began to think actual nothingness better than thia middle state between life and death— this perpetual weari ness of an inane and purposeless exiatenoa?' 'And you think that wealth would open up a new future and that life would be no longer aimless?' ' 'Wealth means power,' answered Hillera don. ' With wealth and youth no man ehonkT be unhappy unless racked by physical pain, A rioh man is maBter of the universe.'. ' Yes, but while he enjoys the power wealth; . gives his life is ebbing. Every day of enjoy- ' ment, every ardent hope satisfied, every extra vagant wish realised is a nail in his coffin, Tha men who live longest &re; men of moderate means— not worried by poverty nor elated by wealth — men in whose obsoure and retired live* society takes very little interest— scholars^ thinkerB.inventors.Bomeof them perhaps, whom the world hears of only after they aredead—msa who think, and dream, and reason,' but expa- ' rience nothing of life's feverish movement or man's fiercer pnesions; Do you remember Bal* zao's story of tbe Peaa de Chagrin? ' ' Not very clearly. It was one of the firat French novels I read ; a kind of fairy tale, I think.'' : ' It is more an allegory than a fairy tale, A young man tired oi lifelike you is on the brink of snioide — has made up bis mind to die, sb you made up yonr mind to-day — when to waste the time betwixt afternoon and night ha goes into a bric-a-brao shop and tarus over tha wonders of worlds, old and new. Here amidst treaenre of art and relies of extinct oi riliaatioira he finds the queerest ourio of all in the parson of tbe brie- a brae dealer, a man who boasts of hiB century and more of life, the qaiet p»BBion Jees life of the thinker. This man shows him the Feau de Chagrin, the ekin of a wild ass hanging against the wall. With that talisman he offers to make tbe intending auioide richer, more powerful, and more renowned than tha King of the Frenoh. ' Head,' he cries, and the young man reads a Sanscrit inscription whow letters are ao interwoven in tbe metallic lustra of the skin that no knife can eradicate the faintest lice. The Sansorit translated runs thuB-.— If you pobbbbb me you poesssa all, But your life will be mine. Wish And your wishes will be fulfilled. But rule yoar wishes by Your life. At every wish I shall nfiripV like Your days. Woulde't Have me. Take. 'This inscription is the allegory of life. Tha old man told the youth how he bad offered the talisman to many, but how, though one anil all langhed at its possible influence over their future destinies, all bad refused to traffic with . that unknown power. And for the owner o£ tbeitalieman, why had he never tested its value ? The old man answered tbat question by ex ponndiDghis theory of life.' f ' And what was his theory ?' ' 'Tbe mystery of human life lies in a not ehell,' said the centenarian. ' The life of action arid the life of passion drain the aouroas of; existence. To will, to do, to desire ardently is- to die. With every quickening of tne pulas above normal health, with every tamult of the hearti with every fever of the brain, fired by ardent hopes and conflicting wiehea, a shred is torn off the fabrio of a man'a life. The men who live to age like mine are the -men whoB9 passions and desires, ambitions and greed ot power bave been rigidly suppressed, the men of calm and contemplative temperament, in*' whom mind rises superior to heart and senses, who are content to reason, to know, to see, and understand the world in whioh they live.' And that old man waa right. There ia a hidden meaning in that sentence of Holy Writ — 'The race ib not to the swift,' If you would, live lortg take life largo, not presto.' ' Who cares for length of yean !' exolaimei Gerard HillerBdon. ' What a man wants ia to live, not to crawl for a century on tha face of thiB&lanet.; afraid to lift hia bead from the earth lett a thunderbolt should strike him. I wish £ could stroll into a brio-a-brao shop and find the peau de chagrin, I would be content to see ~ tbe talisman dwindle daily if every diminution marked an hour of happiness, a wish realised.' ' Well, I suppose that ia the only philosophy of life congenial to a young mind,' said Jermyn lightly, 'The centenarian who never really lived boasts of length of daya and aheata him self with tbe idea that he has had the beat ol the bargain j but to live for ten glad, reckless years must be better than to vegetate for a century.' ' Infinitely better,' said Hillersdoc, getting up in a fever of excitement and beginning to walk about the room looking at thia and that, the bronze idols, the enamelled vaBea, and old ivory csrvingB in the niohea and recesBea of a Bombay blaoktrood cabinet. 'You bave the peau de chagrin hidden somewhere in your rooms, perhaps,' ba euggeBted laughingly, ' or at any rate some talisman wbiob enables you to make light of life — to see a Jest where other men Bee a pro* blemn only to be Eolvedby death.' 'No. I bave so t&lieman.; I have nothing but will — will strong enough to conqoec passion — and insight by whioh I oan read tha mystery of mankind. You who have a etroDger individuality— a passionate, exacting personality, an intolerable ego frnioh must ba satisfied somehow— are created to suffer. I am created to enjoy, For me lite, as you Bay. u a jeBt.' 'So it was for Goethe's Devil,' answered Huleredon. ' I believe there is a touoa of tha diabolical in your composition, and that you bave about as much heart and oonsoienoa aa Mt-phiatopheles. However, I am beholden to you for your persistence in bringing me here to night, for you have amused me, mystified me, provoked my corifiity, and routed thoughts which X oonfesa were of the darkest.' 'Didn't I tell you a supper and a bottle ot wine wonld be your beat counsellor,' ex claimed Jermyn, laughing. ' But the dark thoughts will be baofe again . ic a day or two, no doubt, since you have no . talisman to offer me whioh will pour gold into empty pockets, and you do not even propose to buy my shadow. I would run the risk of. being as unaomfortably conspicuous as Petes Bohlemihl for the same power to oreata illimitable masses of sterling ooin.' 'Ah, those are old stones— allegoriet, aXU be .assured. It- 1 wen to «ay I ui the : promise of fortune on that perplexed brow ot - yours you wonld laugh at me. AH I aakv is that if Fortune does pour hex gitta into ; , -?..-. yonr lap you will remember tbat X bade yon. _.-_ l tarty fit the gate of death.' If 