THE NOVEMBER REVIEWS. In the Nineteenth. Century Sir Charles Robinson Oi-en3 by a paper on '3purious Works of Art,' which are manufactured largely over the Continent — some- coarse enougn, out many executed wicu a jincssc iwia delicacy of touch that would do honour to more honest work. It ia comparatively easy to imitate modern paintiugs like thosu of Turner and Constable aud Corot, which are in demand now, whereas the old smoked cracked canvases which were to be sold as old masters needed much manipulation, but somo of the cleverest frauds were detected by tho softness of now paint. He tells a curious story of a photograph of a genuine Sandro Botticelli being used to sell a copy, and detected because the photo graph Lad more soul and innocent purity than theclever soulless replica, Mr. H. B. Wheatley notices and quotvs from the ' Unpublished Pages of 1'epys' passage.*, which were con sidered tedious or somewhat improper when this sincere diary was given to the reading world. I'epys was no fool. Evelyn brackets him with Christopher Wren aa ingenious and able, and he was a valuable public servant in a time when tho nation was poorly served— for though he made soino money on navy contracts he saved the King — we', would say nowadays tho nation— a great deal more. Mr. James Mow's investigations aa to the ' Christian Hell' of theologians and poetc h not pleasant reading. We havo so much' grown out of the terrorism which was believed necessary to defend the orthodox faith that when wo read an article like this on a work of fiction like 'John Ward, Preacher,' we feel as if we had passed ink*, a different world.. Tho more terrible hull was painted tltu fuwer were the number of those who escaped it— and Gven the purgatory which gave hope to toe Catholic was denied ? to the Protestant be liever. Mr. JaineB Sully asks, 'Is man. the only reasoner?' and does not answer it very clearly. The want of .language prevents dogs frcm advancing beyond the first . steps of generalization — but those first steps they have taken. Mr. Whibley briefly praises 'The Miines of Herodas,' a recently discovered book two thousand years old, which ho calls as new and .fresh as if written yesterday. Seven f-hort dialogues illustrating Greek life a hundred years before our Christian era, are in ttresting enough, but we do not agree with him that it is worth a hundred Aristotles. Mrs. Jtnofc Ross, descendant of the threo generations of eminent Englishwomen whose lives she has sketched (her. mother was Lady Duff Gordon, her grandmother Sirs. Austin), writes on 'By rou at Pisa,' where ho was re garded by the then Austrian Government as not only the wickedest ? mail . in Europe, but the most dangerous, on account of_ his ultra * liberal and. revolutionary opinions, which he not only scattered broad cast in poetry and prose, but was vailing to further with money. It was in the train of Count Gainba and his son and his daughter, Countess Guiccioli, that the English post came to Pisa, and he had one serious encounter with the authoritiesin which Shellev and Captain Hay were mixed up. The Italian people thought him mad. The wildest stories were current about tha eccentric Euglis-h liiilord. 'Xo wonder the quiet, sleepy inhabitants of the old city thought that madman and Englishmen were synouy uioup, when they saw Shelley out walking in a short jacket reading .-. quarto encyclopedia with another volume under his, arm; okl Mr. Dolby going about singing at tho top of his voice, hia pockets bulging with books, and a .pair of spectacles lianging by a gold chain, round his neckV while his' coab was tattered and shabby: Walter Savage Lander, who' would know none of his 'own compatriots ;? Lord Byron, with his.menaarerie.of cats, dogs. ptafowl, monkeys, &c;*.,: riding wildly about; the country with vaiious companions. Mr.' f.hd Mrs. Mason were theio also, hue the' Pisaus heard that Mr. Mason waa really Mr. T'ghe, nun Mrs. Mason was Lady Mountcashel, a tall woman lit for a grenadier, and also imbued with tliose ^isrciaious Rs publican notions.'' Mr. A. Taylor Iiine*, a Scottish lawyer, rc-at-ws his challenge a? to tiocnnsentarv proof of the reality of ' The Psychical (Society's Ghosts.'' If snch wonderful appearances and revelations a= arc recorded in iho two large volumes really were seen aud beard -surely there should be some contemporary evidence in dattil letteis with -postmarks. Miss Bird's story about the appearance of Mountain Jim to her on the day of hits death, according to his promise, which was the best attested of them all, was not written about at the time, but she said oho thought she or hw friend to whom she {old the story had put it in her diary. But Miss Bird did not keep a diary at this ueriod of he- life, and whon we come back to the letter written a few day3 after the apiiearanee it says not what Mus liird said twelVo years after, '?He very slowly but very distinctly eaid, 'I have come aa I have promised,'' but more truly, ' There was an impression in mv mind as though he had said it.' It is uncer tain whether tho appearanco cauio on the day of September on which Jiai died, but lfe iV certain that it wat not the hour. Lord Stanley of Alderley, on 'TlieHoa3« of Commons and the Church,' says, than two im portant measures lor the reform of the Church have been lost by tbe extreme Radicals desir ing to retain abuses in the National Chu.vii as grounds on which to invsigb against the cltrgy and work towards disestablishment. Mr. Edward Dicey, in answering 'My Critic*,' who think it- biutal to des-ire the postponement of a new election because years will increase the chances of d'jath or retirement for Mr. Gladstone, says thai it in from no per sonal ill- feeling, but because in all directions he will give in to any party who will aid him in winning a majority anil ousting* the present coalition Government of Conservatives and Liberal Unionists, and the votes in Scotland and in Wales will bn given for disestablish ment in these countries, aa thoseof Ireland for Home Rule, and those oi tha Radical* for evacnating Egypt. The ltarl oi Airlie a.=ks — ' Is our yeomanry worth preserving,' and thinks it is veil worth it- it it were pro]jer!y frganizeit. He gives grf-atcr -weight to the* value of this volunteer cavalry as a military force in the shock of battle than tho modem develojiineuts of war fare wamnt. No cavalry now can stand againsS repeating rifles and smokeless powder. BuB aa mounted infantry suoli as Australia organizes, with proper praotiw iu shootiug which the yeomanry at present do not h*ve, the yeomanry might be a valuabla and a cheap win of defence. Lord Ajriie gays that forty clmgrs yearly is not sufficient forperfeetingtbe ahn, English yeomanry havo not tho chances of shooting in the open or in the wood bird &r.d; biasl, the best of ail practice, as our Aus tralians have, but the target might be much mere utilized than it if. Air. H. Dziawicki, who, in spite of his foieign name, writes as an Knghshinnu. tells of ' Life in a .Tesuit College' at Toulon in 1S72. where he entered a» a po&tulant.; Ono would wanta very strong vocation to go through anch a long round of prayer.*, aelf-c-xamination, and discipline. The (icstulant-, however, found the Lour of recrea tion the hardest to get through, for he was not allowed to choose his companion. Indeed, tue ltiosts contrary and mo-4 v.ncongenial characters aro put together oa purpose that their tempers may be tried. Charity, nsodesty, gaiety, self-collection {rrvcilkmeni), piety are required for a recreation to be pro perly passed. Dr. Louis Ilobinson's :- Dar winism in the Kurseryr- h»3 some curious facts not generally known as to pre- natal and po&t-; natat early life as differentiated according to the rank and the needs of the creature. Mr. E. Delille gathers together, chieHy from M. Jules Hurd's EaquHe sur I'EcOlution Littcraire, the opinions of 'French Authors on Each Other,' especially .rith regard to the new psychological school of writers and the equally new symbolic or decadent school. Ho mentions many names new to U3 nov»-, of. arhich a proportion promise to be famous. We think that thebo opinions show that French writers as a rule are more frankly admirers of their own works than English literary men, and the article is light and anec dotal But the main contention is that' thera is a strong and general reaction in France itself against tho realistic school of Zola and his imitators. Naturalism in its heyday intro duced into contemporary French fiction the useful and valuable element of precision, but in the opinion of Anatoli France (one of the new school, whose ' Crime of Sylvester Bon nard' may be had in English in Petherick's edition) it is as dead as a door nail, and the psychological, the idealist, is coming rapidly to the front. A graver article in the Cuntempoixiru by Madame Blazede Burry. on the 'Spiritual- ism of Thought in France,' makea the starting point of this revival tbo Paris Exhibition of iStiO, and the serioua, earnest manner in which the lesson of internationatiara and expansion— the gcepel of altruism — wa3 taken up by two great men, Lavine and Vogue, the first: not mentioned Rt all by Mr. Delille and the second only in a quotation from Anatoli France. In the Eeview dc* Deux Mwdn AI. Vogue gave his impressions of the Exhibition as different as possible from tbe sort of cat? lo.gueusually pre sented to tho reader. The predominance of the idea over the fact is his main contention. Lavino is the power in the University, and not only instructs French but hundreds of Ameri can, Scandinavian, and even Scotch young men in the new way. Ho hopes for a revival of the cosmopolitan supremacy of Paris, and ho.s?ok3 for it iu the development of character in the moral formation of tho youiiir. There are other tcacht-rs— Einilc Fa2U«-t, Charles 'Richet. a irreat plvysician, who write? under the pdeu donym of Charles Ephe-yne, and Ml de Bc-aurepairo, the present Prtvureur- General, whose nom dc jJ.innc is .Tults de Glouvet, all leading in the direction of v»urc literature, sympathetic humanity, and much-needed judi ciid reform. Tn thcl^st niancn o':r list we have one who understands what is wanted, severer consciences, and a more humane procedure- No studies of rural life with its limitations, ita temptations, and ita possibilities, have been more keen nud more tender than Glcuves's '?Forester'^andhis 'Shepherd.' Weaboulduka Mr. Peiherick to add then) to his collection of approved foreign auihom. Aa to Deajardine, who was entrusted with tho delivering of tho inaugural addr°«3 at theNewSotbonneonJuIy 31, and who not cal-' coinjvwd ib in praise of poetry, but was allowed io praisa poetry iu verse, he appears to be an exquisite writer of prcso as well; and ho seeks tc« produce hw effects, to convince and to move, without tha old Gallic weapon of irony, n-hich ha oalls a veneer concealing the real fabric of tho character, aud destroying aU healthful activity. Mr. Justiu McCarthy opens tha Contest. pi-vary with a very interesting articla on Charles Stewart Parnell, hia successful tactics, and his long and arduous struggle to break down the Pigott plot. The later causes of division in tbe ranks are not touched ou. Dr. E._ A._ Freeman on 'Greek in the Univer sities,' answers Dr. Welldon, of Harrow, aad Mr. Wright HwidersoD, who, he thinks, answer hinMelf in these words— 'Did ho not know how strong professional tradition is ho should bo surprised that Latin and Greek are taught now nearly as they wero taught 100 years ago.' This 13 the root of the matter. 'Pass Greek' will continue to be .as contemptible, as useless, and as laboriously acquired as schoolmasters and examinew affirm if it continues to be taught thus in Epite of the light thrown on the study of both. Latin and Greetduring the wat- fifty years. Teach the boy in the first place Grimm's law, and he will see for himself ' how tha roots 'of his own language av« em bedded in the languages i/we call dead. Wp nny be told 'that this suits ouly children irho aro unusually clever. It is nothing of tho kind, it will do for all who are* not 'unusually stupid. It is not- too hard for the child, though icsoems tco hard for the cliild's teacher. It is esiay for the child to learn history nnd languages in the tjCSeiitific'way, .for' ha has only to learn; th^j teacher commonly has much to unlearn, lie. Lloyd Tuekey on the 'Applications of Hyp notism' is interesting and valuable*. Husaya that alcoholism and morphinism es^-ocially,*if not of long staii'ding, are curable by hyphotiu suggestion?. ' He dt-nie- tbst it subverts (reo will when .under th« treatment of morit msw ; it often restores the original power of will to the ?patient. It ia well, he 'says, ' to exercise a healthy scepticism about stories of hypnotism at a distance. Jf possible it- is vcrj' very rare. Too freqi-tnt iiTpnotlzing is hurtfuf. ' Ths dangers arising from its popularization! havo been over-rated, though precautions should be taken against theiu. ar.d publi-: performances are opposed by all' schuok t-f cicdival and scientifit: liypnotism. Mr. D. Christie Murray leavesAntipodftin fields of oliserration this nioiitb, and treats on tho 'RcKaisEancu of tie Stage.' Hethinkst ths cove! comparatively plaved out, and that the draina now dcraands aid will secure tho . highest literary talent. It is the power to re-. produce simultaaeou-jly all over tho English Eptaking Vorld any good play that altoald make the gains of the- writer higher than thai of tho novelist iu iiis vatsi palmy days, arid the genius of this ago will turn in that direc tion. Mr. Murray's own experience has beers, that novels pay better than plays, but his theory may be quite true nevt)rthele33. Mr. ,T. A. Organ tells us of the 'Grievances of Elementary School Teachers,' which lie in a very different direction in England froin their tiopbles iu Au&tntlia.; Here if the teacher satisfies the/Inspectors, aud docs not quarrel over much with the parents of tho children, Iiis position is secure, but as three- fifths of th? si-hqols are. voluntary ,or denominational, schools,' and many of the Rontds are too small and somewhat of cliques, the schoolmaster and schoolmistress aro pressed in'o the service of; the 'Cbiirc-li mostly, though occasionally Ghajielis also exacting. To refuse to play the orpan, tminthe'ehdir, teach in Sunday-school, and generally to bo serviceable to iho 'Church, whether in ringing tha bell or oA lifting re ceipts at coucei U ft-r ila behoof, would lead to dismissal, awl in. advertising for a tuachw tu receive salaries froiK 4?m tipwards these de mauds are openly made. It is not .only tha duties to be done, but tb.« jxni tk»n of suUsevvk-acy hi which the teacher is j'lacc-d. ihal . i» eu sailing tti ludfi^ndont - niiucleu1 iuoh and woitien. Wo i:oto than in the ' Ckureh JicfvrMrr, tiiti organ of thi;Hii;h Cburt-h Sccialiit party, th« Ktv. Stewart Headlam reeotnmtr.ds the Church to let the schools alono, and allow; the ijtats to do its duty of educating the ptople. TJisy cannot expect the State to «ive public money to schools which are privately aianagwj. If they want to koej- up the right of management (and we may add parcnthptically ail thd.si- other illegitimate rights over the teachers} they must be prepared to bear the whole cost of the schools. Iu other ways the religion* training of tho young may be* given, and -it would Lo well for the Church to free itself from the heavy task of elementary 'secular education. The Church Reformer seoras tho idtsv that because schooling is a sacred thin?, therefore' tho State must have nothing to do with it. The clergyman or priest should cultivate the friendliest relations with the Board school teachers, which will be much more easily don« if be has not a Church school of his own in hand.. _ Professor T. G. Bonney does not chinkevidenca is sufficient thaa ''Geographical Changes Caused the t llacial Epoch. *' Sir Stephen do Verc, Bart. . objects in tote to tbe proposal to give ' Local Government to Ireland; 'and considers aU the safeguards pat forward will be ineffectual. - That a MinLstry calling itself Conservative should propose such, a Bill is in hi* vyes a c-riice and also a blunder, and he urg«*3 tho Liberal 'Unionists to refuse their support. The' Rev. W. W. Peyton, on. the *'Foui»k Gospel,' like itif advocate las* month, will nob contend for its aL#olutfc authenticity, either as to author cr as to date. His faith is in its f ivinsT power over the souls of countless gene ration!! of Christians, and in ita giving a trut» presentment of the faith of early Christendom as to tho nature and tho godhead of Christ. Mr. Kdward Wake£u!d conclndej} the 'Contem porary by a paper on the *: Brand of Cain in the Great Republic,' tha recklessness \rith regard to t«ki«g hninan lifo and the c-aliousnetc of pubSic opinion regarding murder. Lynch law, which ongiually \vpn necessary in frontier States, is now tarried out very differentlylroaidiiorderly admhiistralioa then sbd tnero. Jr i* not because America is a new. country ; Australia is a ueww, aiu3 had tho disadvantage of being early -a convict ee;tlt ment, and yet law aud oulep sise ?« mi»cli re spected then- as in En^laud, and mobs do not take revenge i ato tl-.eir own own iiaud?. for th-i present deplorable iiato of affain* whivlt every rtr.dt-r of American journals can see fur hitn sstrif our writer givea their erases. First', slavery, wbit-hllowcred tlie u-.oryl tone of the- inttica: secondly, tho terrible Civil War, wliiah is 3till gloritd-in. aud which drank deej- of kindred blccdh and thirdly, the lamuuiabls stato. of tbe Jaw and theTFcakaoesof the federal Courts todeal with munlercascs. If French lav ncwls refonn America needs it even mow, but the central authority liaa not liower, ami the States GovMnmentij are too iveak aw' :mx» mi cb concerned with local and persona! pnl.tim to undertake s»i iinj-oiinlar a task. for. strange, to say, instead of uvinsr ashamed of tbe la» U-ffiness the ptople arc proud of ift a.s ijhowiiig ' real grit.' In the I'orliti'ylttljf Mr. Laitiu takf* up hh rcntiuuona paiabl-i .t^aiuat tht* Russian autu cracy by dealir:fc with ihe fauiint?. Provincial famines are- of vei.rly -jc».;irreccai national famines buoIj a*- this last liavo aiflicted tli« peopla seven times before, though this sur passes the previous one iu intensity, aud extends from about 3.00U miles from Uc!e«sa tc Tobolsk, ami in a width varying: from 000 to 100 miles. While the people are -i-'R{f of hunger the Czar orders 500,000 new rillta fion« France, and espenria millions of roubles oa new irondnda. Sir, Charles Dilke has been piiccnt.at the rtfccnt uiann-oyrea of the French aiiiA-.^nd declares that it will be quite equal if Jiofe superior to that of Germany. The French excel in artilltry and in tha highest eaRiueerinj» science. He was akof truck with the military mod«ty of the officers, and c-apeciall.v of the gc- ncrals, a new development in I'uiick commanders, probably iwing to the reverses in the last generation. Hf, however, sees in the preparedness of the Great Powers a strosices Siarantee for j.caee than a threat of war.' Mrs. enry Fnwrett, tvliile stgreeiug with aoino cf Mr. Frederic llatriton's ideas on 'The Emancipation of Women' in . the ln.»fc Fortnightly, protases vigorously ftg.tinst 'ear* restriction of all ?women to the domestic arena. Thtre is no fear of women unaexing thcuisulvt-s by taking aa intcliigent interest in public niattc-rs, aad influencing dirccsly and o]-euly the laws as well xis the manners of tho peopk-. Sir. 1'rancis Adams, liko Curi=ti« llurray, leaves Australian matters this month to tak* the field of liteinry eritici«in. and niakci Rud yard Kipliug his theme. Ho classes him with French rather than with Fjiglish writers-, perhajjs because of ihe crisnness of his 3ty.'e«, bul probably chienyon account of thecyniciim »tnd iiony winch yunn through everythicg which he writes, which. a» m have seen, there is such ft strong leactinn against. ProR-sscr Povden Boticts the samo enquiry of M. Huret's as to French literature, iiuder the title of *'The Intervisnrcr Abroad,'' v.-hioli we have already glanced afc througli the eye» of M. pelillo. 31i-s Btthnn Edward?, evm mes-.tin': ou a not qnito: new bat- a ^delifjht^ ful book, llavcrtoa's' ' French and Kngliah,** from the «mu- jictnt t-f view ss his. that oi as long residence iu fcho cmntry ajid an acquain tance w«th its ntial dUtricis, emphasizes tlie wonderful thrift of the people and the superiority in artistic taste, which she attri butes greatly to the opening of inuseuTn3 and pietnie galleries on Sunday?. A native of JVIadsgast-ar writes _ ot the existence at:d tialilc in, flavts. in Madafrascar, as s^oaEolher form-.of ^yervflfr Labour srhic-h life calls Famann:c:iDa.' which he calls an intolerable tvrriiiny. Tne Hovas, the coveiniug race, are bi:t little affected by the French protectorate in the direction of reform, so Yazaha appeal* to tfce public opinion of Europe. Mr. Frrderie Harrison ??evw-wa a collection of Roumanian Falksonga, lately tranabittd by Garman §ylva. Mr. T. W. Russell, it P., fcriea U- calia the fears of tho3& who, like Sir Stephen J)e Vere, dread the granting of ''local Kovernment to Ireland' by pointing ous that ifc is what is granted to England and to Scotland, but that will havo no effect on those who thiuk ! tbe chaiacter of the people and tha conditions , of tbe country widely differaut in tho sisttwr , island. Mr. William Archer, in tbe 'Fr**» Stage and the New Drama,' records tha | expei-imt-nt tried in Paria by M. Autohia ; and imitated in London by Mr. J. T. Groiu, tc* establish s. free stage where pieces shall be pro duced entirely on their merits to satisfy tha desires of the more cultured cktS3 of theatre goers. What is newest, subtlest, and mo.--b truly active will never appeal to the crowd, aud therefore canr.ot havo money in it. The story of ' A Human Document,'' whico Wr. Mallock says he merely edits, 3uggeat«d by the journalist Mario Ijashkirtseff, :a coa- * eluded in this issue. Mr. G. B. Malleson in a letter draws a com parison between Antony and Cleopatra aud Boulauger and' Madame Bonnemiuu. filfwli readers will eay tbia ia to compare small tbinga ?with great ? 