Exmoor Stag Hunting. A. most important official of the hunt ia the harboier, whose business it is to ascertain the whereabouts of a deer suitable (i.e., in respect of age and sex) to be hunted, in the locality of the advertised meet. Ho has to be about at daylight; to discover, study, and follow up the slot or track of the deer, and finally harbor him in whatever combe or covert he may have selected for hia morning siesta, from which he is destined to be so rudely disturbed. Such work as this obviously involves a thorough knowledge of the country, but a considerable proficiency in a branch of venery now nearly extinct, the science of wood craft. It is, in fact, the work of a lifetime to acquire it, and calls for a ready intelligence on the patt of the individual to compete with the natural cunning of the deer, who is by no means (the red species at least) the poor dappled fool" commiserated by the melancholy Jaquea, but as Red Rube, tho harborer in Katerfelto, describes him-" a creature three parts contrariness and only a quarter venison." Protected as they are for the purposes of sport, there is now a very large head of deer on Exmoor, as many perhaps within the same area (for the bounds of the moor have been considerably narrowed by encroaching tillage) as there ever were, and they do a vast amount of damage to the neighboring farms. " The wild stag"-to quote a picturesque descrip tion, again from Katerfelto-" in the West of England baa a lordly habit of feasting during night, and seeking repose in the small hours towards the dawn of day. Gliding like a ghost through cornfield and orchard, he travels many a league after sundown, feeding on the best that moorland Boil and scanty harvests can afford, nibbling the half-ripened ears on one hill farm at midnight, flinging tho turnips overhead in waste ful profusion on another, lO miles off, within an hou-; Beeking before dawn tho shelter of some wooded combe, in which he means to harbor, at an equal distance from both. Such liberal notions of ref i eshment on the part of deer require a large compensation fund to cover his depredations, which, to. ether with the actual hunting estab lishment, make3 the chase of the wild deer an expensive recreation. Some part of the expenses is defrayed by subscription; but it requires a man of ample means, as well as of considerable per sonal qualifications, to give satisfaction to a muster. The yield of oats at Tumberumba this season averaged 40 bushels to the acre, and of wheat about 25 bushels to the aero. The Executive Council of Victoria on Tuesday considered tho caso of Cornelius Bourke, who if under sentence of death for the Hamilton Gao] murder. The execution has been fixed for nex( Monday. Acting on the rec mmendation of th( doctor, however, his execution has been post? poned till April 20, 