THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A STORY OF THE 44 BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. BY JEANIE G WYNNE BETTANY, Author of « Atjkt S&tOEN;'B Two Lxaacrae,'1 kto. CHAPTER XII. (Continued). 'Rout after hour the crowd watched, refusing to stir. Rimmon and Hackbit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from toe mouth of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdoch with his com- , visions continued in consultation. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. 4Do you think an effort can be made now?" ' he asked in a voice quite sober. 44 1 shall go 4own with the first cage." A cry of 44 brave man" was heard in a woman s voice, dear and silvery. It sounded -like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack- hit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then ; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Simmon was looking for toe owner of the voice, too, but had not-caught eight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. Hack- hit's quick eye had followed her, however, and he dashed after her at once 44 Ob, cousin," he exclaimed, in a reproachful tone, 44 why have you made us all so miser able:'" The girl hung her bead. 44 1 only went to hide my own misery," -ehe said gently 44 1 didn't think anybody cared." 44 1 care very much," responded Hackbit. Believe me, oousin, I feel more for you than words caa express. I will do anything, suffer anything, to bring back happiness to yon and -toe hypocrite received a grateful look from the lovely eyes, that had grown so pathetic since he last beheld them, andloofced larger and darker for toe dark circle that now surrounded them. How pinched her ltttle face had crown ! Even Hackeit'e heart wae starred as be looked at her 44 Whose baby have you got?" he asked. 44 It belongs to that poorwomaadown there," replied Kfcsy, indicating with her finger. 44 She faulted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death." 4Is there nobody toe child can be given up to?H asked Hackbit. 44 1 don't know" "Perhaps the mother will comp to," sug gested Hackbit Mr. Rimmon wee seeking bis nephew in the crowd, and at last perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it- was, be recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. She was safe then ; and what a scandal it all was, h« disappearance, And her turning up like this, more like a ghost than a living gin ! Still, : there was a spark of tenderness in liis voice as he said, "Kizzy, my child !" And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw toe change that had come over her -in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, the lips were pale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. 44 Come borne with thy father, child," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though never thinking of undeceiving his slaughter. 44 Let us look for the child's mother," said "Hackbit, and toe three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the oentre of it, where there existed a kind of nucleus closely mt round one object of interest. It was the figure of a young girl, who could scarcely be twenty from ber looks. One of the nume rous doctors upon the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and ho very soon re marked that her trouble was over, at auy rate ; ehe was dead. 44 Has thiB poor girl no relatives — no one who would take ebargo of the baby ?" asked Mr. Rimmon of the bystanders. 44 fahe has neither kith nor kin, neither has ber poor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine." 44 Come home with me. Kizzy," said Mr. Rimmon again. 44 1 will try and bo kind to you and he made no objection to her carrying the baby with her. As they passed through Jumley town, the numerous low public-houses blazed out upon the darkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their -grief j vile traps, catching the miserable, and neaping anguish upon them under the guise of comfort. The lurid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed after wards, doubly dark Hackbit, at all times disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night, and thought grimly of the uncovered pits. This did not prevent his offering to carry -the b&by;, but Kizzy would not give it up It was asleep and warm under ber cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone, 4> Above all, oross her in nothing." Unnecessary Advice, how- «ver, for Mr Rimmon was not disposed to ones her. At the end of the Old Park Hackbit left his uncle and cousin, and retraced his steps. He wae soon again in the place of hie antipathy, -and carefully noted each step he took, lie hod got about half-way across, when a rumbling : ouud, fallowed by a crash, startled him. Xt> was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through the town, he was much tempted to enter one of the -public-houses, hot he resisted the temptation. 44 Hang it oil," he thought : 44 let me go into the jaw6 of death eber." When he reached the pit'6 mouth a cage was waiting to be lowered. 44 Wait far me," ho cried. Murdoch was in the cage. 44 Don't you 8®. fbr-ttod's sake," Hackbit said. 4 4 You are needed to right the wrongs," There jsnothing extraordinary in this bravery <>n thapirt of Hackbit. No Black Country man u a coward. AJ1 are alike ready in these Cnergeocies. There is never a cry for volun teers. There was a lull in the crowd as the cage was lowered aad those few brave men descended to fescue some few, if possible, of the hundreds tout up iu that fiery prison. A white-ehokered young gentleman of eome fhree Mid twenty years, with a very wide- orimmed clerical hat, ventured to make a femark to some women in his neighbourhood. fcout submitting themselves to toe will -of Providence. "Shut toy mouth," cried one of the Women, 44 or we'll chuck thee down th' pit." They looked so much like carrying out the threat that the curate moved away as fast as he AOuld with auv dignity. Some jeers were thrown after him, and one of the women said. It's always the same gato. ffe man be (Arient, wheu wages is bo low as we havener ADowtoaat. If oor children die of to' fever, ty our lads i' to explosion, it's the visitation of God. Oh, it's the pligue o parsons is the worst plague the Lord ever seut us— curse .Uiem. These words fell on the ear of an elderly clergyman, who was standing by. hoping to be of use to somebody; and he said to the woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness— 44 We clergy ore great hluiiderem, I fear ; but believe me, we would do better if wo knew how Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night." "Ah! if all th' parsons was like jou, we wouldner curse them," replied the woman. There seemed to bo something happening at the pit's mouth now, Thecro wd moved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion aud the rope flew over the pulley. 44 Stand back," cried the police. The mouth of the pit was filled by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches revealed Hackbit and , another, eacli with a black burden in his arms. The charred masses they carried were human beings. Blaukets were hold by the four corners, in readiness, and the poor wretches were placed in them aud carried to the waggocs. The crowd bad almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully towards the bodies, iu order, if possible, to recognise them ; but they were unrecognisable. 44 The fire's elill burning in the north cut ting," said Hackbit. 44 We daren't go near there." The signal was giveu to lower, and down went thine brave men again. After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that new volunteers came forward In the course of the night, eome thirty bodies, six of which were justalive, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIII, — At Home Again. I In the meantime, Kizzy aud her father and the little orphan baby had reached the dinnm! house. The door was opened by Mrs. Rimmou herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her daughter. She woke the babv, and it began to wail piteou&ly.; Mrs. Rimmon was not at all surprised to see the baby. She was accustomed to her daughter's taking to &U; kinds of waifs and strays. It was Kizzy she woe surprised to see. When Kixzy had been placed in her father's chair, she 6mCed faintly, and asked that the babymight be fed. Mr a. Rimmon busied her self in taking off her daughter's shoes and stockings ; they were soaking wet. She then proceeded to put toe little white feet into a hot bath, and Sarah, having fed the biby and placed it man improvised bassinette, brought some tea for her young mistress in an incredibly short time. Kizzy tried to raiee her head from the chair, but she could not ; eo Sarah raised her and gave her the tea. A kind of fog gathered on the girl's miud, aud she seemed to be in a different place, with different people ; yet sbe 1 frequently recurred to the baby, and asked piteouely that it might be looked after. 44 It's fast asleep like a little angel," 6&id; Sarah, 44 in & clothes basket by the Iritehen fire." Kizzy closed ber eyes on hearing this, aud remained white and motionless. 44 Don't you ttuok-wehad better send for the doctor ?" suggested Mrs. Rimmon in a frightened whisper. 44 We could get no doctor if we sent," replied her husband t( You know they are all busy at the pit. Hadn't I better cany ber up to bed?" While they were deb&tingthis; question there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door Sarah harried to it, in no good hnmour ; 6he was afraid the baby might wake. Standing before her at toe door, whom should ebe see but Mr. Saltriug, with a red muffler at his neck, rivalling his red wliiskere, and behind him crept Jubol. 44 Good heart alive, girl," said Mr. Saltruxgto Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask Lirn in, " yon are Sarah, aren't you ? You addressed your letter all wrong, and it has only come to us to-night." Oh, come in, -sir," said Sarah, who had nowrecoveredhersftlf; 44 she's come back to night, sir, and ehe looks awful." Mr. Saltring presented himself without ceremony before Mr, Rimmon, whose breath was nearly taken away by the sudden appear ance. These gentlemen had never met before, though tbey knew each other by reputation. ' 44 We've posted all the way," said Mr. Saltring; 44 we only heard to-night of your misfortune." "Itwasverygoodof you," responded Mr. Rimmon, coldly. 44 You see," -said Mr. Saltring, a little quenched by this frigidity, 44 toe poor boy couldn't rest, so I brought him," Jub&l; bad kept c&rerully; in the shadow cf Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these words-he ventured to make himself visible. He instantly caught sight of toe deathly face of his sister, and cried, 44 Gh, Mr. Saltring, do look at Kizzy." Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door, which had hitherto hidden Keziah from him. 44 Good heart alive, man," he exclaimed, addressing Mr. Rimmon. "Lord have mercy; on us all fer a pack of fools !' Whilo Mr. Rimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Mr. Saltring had unbuttonea his ponderous over coat and taken out a flask of brandy, and was applying it to Kezl&h;'s lips. 44 On my soul, I never saw such a lovely creature in my life," he exclaimed. 44 My daughter's a teetotaller," gasped Mr. Rimmon. 44 Rubbish!'' said Mr. Saltring, continuing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Saltring said, in a coaxing tone, 44 There, there: that's better, pretty dear." Her velvet eyes fastened on him lor a moment, and aifaint smile flickered 011 her face and went out. Mr. Saltring was thinking. 44 How is it possible such a girl can ever have been born in Jumley Jubal was standing near quite boldly now. He did not feel so mueh afraid when Mr. Salt- ring was in the house. Kizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his kneeling position, pushed the table out of the w&y;, and -hoisted the great sofa toward the fire. Mr. Rimmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. 44 Now, if we had cotdq pillows and blan kets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmon : and while ebe went to fetch them he emptied toe coal-box en the fire. Kizzy was speedily made comfortable on the sofa. It must have been nearly 2 o'clock in the morning; but this was not -the only household up iu Jumley. No one went -to bed in explosion tiroes, even of those not concerned ; and, as a proof of this, the door next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Rimmon, who, having heard that Kizzy had been found, bad come up to verify the fact. 41 Oh !" she observed, in a spiteful tone, 44 1 didn't know tbero was company;" and she was about to bounce bock again, when h£r. Saltring said — 14 My name is Samuel Saltring: you may have heard of me. You must he a Rimmon, from the family likeness." 44 Yes, I am "Miss Rimmon,'' that lady ac knowledged : and she looked over the back of the sofa.' 44 So she's come back is ehe, the un grateful little wretch." Mr. Rimmon touched his sister gently with his toot, to warn hor to be silent. 44 No, Joshua. I won't be quiet," said Mies Dorcas, defiantly. 44 You've no need to kick me. I shall t&y; what I like." 44 Then I would say it in a quieter tone, if I were yon, considering all, things," pat in Mr. Saltnng. 44 It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Mlfb Dorcas, narrowing her eyes as she looked at biro. 44 I'll give yon a bit of advice," retorted the bluff wine-merchant : 44 If you'd keep better tempered you'd be better booking." "FJeae remember you are not in your -own house," Mr. Rimmon remarked to Mr. (Salt- ring. 44 Now, look here," said the honest fellow, kindliness shining in bis face, 44 you don't want to be -told I mean well. Let us be agreeable Think of the dear child lying there." Miss Dorcas tossed her head. 44 You will let me stay and help you nnree her to-night," said Mr, Saltriug to Mrs. Rimmon. 44 1 know a lot about nursing sick folk." The next to appear on the scene was Thomas Hackbit, who had by this time refreshed him self at one of the low inns still opsn He tried hard to look sober but his head nodded in a ghostly manner, and he biccuped between every word he tried to speak. He at ouce recognised Saltring as a friend, though he had never set eyre on him before. 44 Glad to see you, old chap," he said 14 Get away out of toe house, you disgusting brute," exclaimed Miss Dorcas, as Hackbit, eroding inanely, advanced toward Mr. Bait- ring. 44 Take no notish of her," remarked Hackbit confidentially in Saltring's ear. 4 She'eh cat. Deueedly ugly, isn't she? Oh, Lord, she's mUliaersh drerehmakcreh. Mr, Rimmon tried to explain that Mr. Hack- bit waa a little unsteady, owing tc bis having been down a coal-mine rescuing burning men. " Hri bean somewhere elm Bine P» I should think,'.' observed Mr. Saltring. smiling iB spite of himself. Af the eound of Mr. Rimmon's voice Hackbit began again. 41 He'flh au old fool, tm. Ho drove Keziah ftwav, forged lcttera, mudo her b'Jieve " 41 For God's take, hush!" burst forth Mr. Rimmon. \4Nw he'sh Bbweariug," said Hackbit, smiling benignly. " He'sh good man. ho ish; prayer-meetiugub. Ribk-classhcs. Ho g-.tsli dnrok and shplits things, he doesh." Dorcas here gave hira a friendly poke. 4 What are you doing:4' he began, turning ou ber. 41 You've left your 'preutish out waiting for you. 1 tucLsh her. I ki6hod her." This was too much for Miss Dorcas, who ex plained that she had brought Miss Timmins up with her for company, aud had not thought it worth while to ask her iu, as she was only come fop a minute. 41 Leave her there bitto longer," said Ilack- bit, cocking his hat on the back of bis head, " You go home youiahelf. Nobody wantshkish you." 1"-. Hackbit next announced bis intention of spending the rcaiflinrler of the night at his uncle s, and had of necessity to be aconimo- Jited. But none of those episodes disturlied Kizzy, who was in a sound sleep. The slow winter morning broke, and stole feebly over the objects in the room where Kizy lay, the deep silky fringes of her eyes resting on the pallid cheeks. The weary motner bad fallen asleep, too ; and Mr. Saltring sat near the couch, with his head drooping ou his chest fill his bald head, rather than his face, looked towards Kizr.v; but he was not asleep. When at last Sarah made her appearance, Kizzy opened her eyes with a frightened look, and sighed deeply. Mr. Saltring was beside her in a moment. " Come, we are better," he said cheerfully. 4 1 Foal- hours sleep at a stretch. Now, Sarah, my lass, an egg beaten up in milk, please." He gave it to toe girl with all the gentleness of a woman, and all the tact, aud was rewarded by a pathetic smile. This over, he asked Sarah if he might have a wash. She looked some what uneasy. 44 Well sir," she said, " Mr, Hackbit have got the spare room, aud Master Jubal, he wouldn't sleep with his father, and Mies Dorcas wouldn't go home, neither, after what Mr. Hackbit said, and elic and Miss rimmins are in Mies RJzzy's room " "Ob, all right," eaid Mr. Saltring, 44 I'll go into Jubal's room." But when he tried the door he found it locked, and after knocking -several times and receiving no answer, he con cluded that be would go to the room Hackbit occupied, and uot disturb the poor lad, "I needn't wake Mr, Hackbit," he said. The door proved not to be locked ; and, softly entering, he beheld Hackbit in a profound sleep, with his aim thrown over the back of his head. He had evidently felt cold, for he had taken down the bed-curtains and put them across the bed ; also, the hearth- rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcely help laughing. Hackbit's own gar- meote— that is, eome of them— lay on the floor, close to toe door. His boots, however, cauld be seen nowhere at first. On looking more closely, they were discovered poking out at the foot of toe bed, ou the owner's feet, Mr. Saltring poured out some water very quietly, but he disturbed the sleeper neverthe less, and a faint voice from the bed said, 44 What's that?" Mr. Saltring mode an apology for his in trusion. 44 Don't mention it," said -Hackbit, holding his head tightly between his 'hands; 44 but 1 haven't the pleasure of knowing you, have I r' 44 No," replied Mr. Saltring ; and he then ex plained himselL 41 I'm afraid I most have been drunk last night," said Hackbit. 44 She didn't see me, did she?— Kizzy, I mean." 41 She wastooilL" 44 Thank Heaven for that, at any rate. Vm & fool to drink. Nobody knows it better h»Ti I do. 1 should leave it off if I'd a wife and a comfortable home." 44 My dear Bir," rejoined Mr. Saltring im pressively, "a man should conquer his faults Wore his marriage, and not subject a good woman to the chanoe of his experiment failing afterwards." 44 Yes, you are right, Bat it's very hard to give np one'6 only comfort, and nothing to re place it." 44 Don't be in bondage. Make up your mind never to taste another drop." And now, hav ing completed his toilet, Mr. Saltring hastened down to hie patient. Mr, Rimmon had come down by this time. Kizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring had gladdened at his approach 44 She's looking better, isn't she?" he observed to Mr. Rimmon. 44 A change of air would be toe very thing for her. Let me take her to Langfon with me to day, and we will return her to you in perfect health, God permitting." Mr. Rimmon found it desirable to accept this offer for many reasons. He was very glad when be discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go back with him, too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was too .great for her to ex press a choice at aiL They might do what they liked with her, she said, eo long as the baby was looked after : 44 The baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. 44 There are nurses enough at our house, I guess ; and if anybody lays claim to it, they can easily have it." When they had aU started in the phaeton, Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. Beredith of what had occurred. Sbe could uot 6ay where Kizzy had been, however, during her absence, as sfie had preserved a strict sflence on that point, and Mr. Saltring would not have her questioned, CHAPTER XIY.— Maud Hadwtv. Maud Rarwyn, though a young lady of con siderable personal attractions, and therefore es pecially exposed to criticism, inhabited a house on ber owu reponsibility at Bowdon, near Man chester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two feniaie servants, except when her brother Gerald was at home from Birmingham Many of her friends thought this highly im proper ; but it was one of Maud'6 characteristics not to bow to Mrs. Grundy. Her schoolmaster brother did not disapprove of her, however; and ber father must have trusted her, for he E laced her under no guardian, though he left er a large fortune. The reader has already seen that Lawyer Layton and his wife were strong adherents of Miss Harwyn. They had, never- 1 theless, urged upon her ribs desirability of engaging au elderly companion to live with her ; but she was not open to reason. About a week after the events recorded in the last chapter she was seated sipping her tea, in a perfect bower of a sittingrooni, quite alone, with an air of complacency and thorough inde pendence that men would scarcely give solitary women credit for. She was looking caressingly upon her pretty feet, placed upon the fender. They were cased in suppers of the gayest and daintiest. She made no secret of the fact that it was of grave importance to her to be well dressed. She wished to be beantiful, and she thought it was for herself alone that she wished it. Her house, planned by herself, was like no other. Oue could not see it without thoughts of harmony, aud sunshine, and worm summer days. The girl was an artist, though a certain indolence born of we&th; bad kept her talent in the dark. Her house, as much as the pictures in her studio, spoke of this. Her etudio opened into the duiingrooro on one side ted the draw- ingroom on the other. The studio was also a music-room, aud, in addition to a piano, con tained a harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two or three easels stood unfinished canrases. The room itself wa3 panelled, and every panel con tained a painting, Maud's own work. Near a low couch was a circular bookcase on wheels, of her own designing. By the euriest motion it would turn round when ebe wished to change a volume. This wufe essentially a gay room, bat, as a contrast, ber diningroom was grim and sombre. She bad travelled all over Europe in 6earch of weird pictures for this room: and every even- in" when she dined alone there she had the apartment lit by wax candles enough to have ilfutniuated a ballroom. While she wab drinking her tea on the after noon referred to, Msud's housemaid brought to hor a message from the next villa, The Chest nuts. Mies Harwya was begged to come in there, as au old lady was seriously ill, and the gentleman did not like to leave ber without somebody besides his servants, while he rode to Manchester to fetch adocter. Maud went without a moment's hesitation, and a neat servant showed her to the old lady's room. The house was. smaller than Maud's, aud differed from it in every way, and it bad An old-fashioned air, and a certain stiffness and dulness about it. The bedioom she was shown into was hot ani rather stifling. Maud at once glanced towArd the four-post bedstead with its white hangings. Rolling restlessly upon the pillow lay an aged head. Maud caid to the servant, 44 Haven't you another spare room with a bod without hang ings in it?" . . No; there were hangings just like this m all the rooms. , Maud plaoed a screen beside the bea, ana opened a window, and the fresh air revived the old lady a little, and she eaid feebly : 41 1 don't think this is toe house." 44 Oh, yes, it V Maud gently; i4you are all right." 44 1 knew Z EbcuJdttee to it," rastteftld lad/ reply. 44 Why, of course," said Maud, not is the4 least understanding. The old lady glanced towapds toe foot of the ! bed, and observing a large fire, sold in alarm, 44 Take some of the coal off, iny dear ; your father wiil Ic so augry." Maud now became certain that the old lady was wandering, and determined to pacify her to the utmost, so actually removed a little of the coal, end the old lady rambled on : 44 Jubal'e a big boy. He'll disagree with his fathor soon." 44 How odd !" thought Maud. 44 1 really believed there was but one Jubal iu the world, and now here 'a another;" and her mind went back to Langton, and to her brother's pupil who was visiting at tli'i -Springs'. She began to bathe the old lady's head with eau de Cologne, which she had thoughtfully put into her pocket. The old lady went to sleep under the influence of this, and Mkud sat down to wait for the unknown master of the house to relieve her vigil. She knew him by sight, but was uuacquatnted with his name. It was late before he returned. On entering the bodroom ho gravely held out his hand to his neighbour, ana began to thank her for her great kindness. 44 Oh, don'tthank me, I have done nothing, '' she said, with a frank smile. Then ehe added, 44 But I don't know your name." 44 My name is David Rimmon." 4 4 Then, Mr. Rimmon, can I be of any further use to you ?" 44 I Hate troubled VOU too mnnh aJmnjfe-" said David. 44 The room is soented like a bower ; I am sure that is your doing. But, if I might ask yon one thing more, would you wait till the doctor has seen mother ? you would understand his directions better than I could, and explain tbem to my housekeeper." 44 But would she like my interfering r" said Maud with some hesitation, 44 Well," replied David nervously, 44 she's rather deaf, and has a way of pretending to hear when she doesn't, to hide it. And I think you would make her understand." Maud consented at once, and David went down stairs to bring up tbe doctor. That gentleman meanwhile had been growing very impatient. Hie hod examined minutely every print in the room, and bad fallen o&t; with the roses on the wall-paper, had sat down on each choir in succession to fry their relative comfort, and had finally stationed himself with his bock to the fire, his eye fixed on toe staircase, visible through the open door, his ear tamed slightly upwards, to catch any sound from above. Mr. Rimmon had kept h»m longer than he hod in tended, having been very slow in the delivery of his remarks to Maud ; and after leaving her, he had stood several moments -on too dark landing, meditating. The doctor did not meet him cordially. Ge bod not even been appeased by a glass of wine This had been entirely an oversight on Mr. Rimmon's part, bat the doctor felt it neverthe less. He could oulysbow it in oneway. It was by increased gravity end severity of de meanour. He also waited for Mr, Rimmon to begin, which was always difficult for David The two looked at each other in silence for some seconds, when the doctor, in his im patience, by the sudden raising of his boot, knocked the flre-irone down, causing a great noise. He turned very red at the accident, and solemnly replaced the fire-irons; tben, thoroughly out of temper, faced Ms. Rimmon, and observed frigidly — 44 1 can't conceive why people pat fire-irons on those eminences. Everybody is to knock them down." Mr. Rimmon meekly readied that tbey were awkward, and asked the doctor in a most con ciliatory tone if he would mind stepping up stairs. 41 Mind?" rejoined the doctor irritably. 44 It's my business, I suppose." Mr. Rimmon led the way, wondering what conld be the cause of the doctor's suappish&esa.; We axe not going to represent Mrs. Rimmon as an interesting patient, -nor that sbe ex cited strong sympathy in Maud Harwyn, This world's sufferers are frequently uninteresting to a stranger; their aspect is often forbidding ; and though their condition is compassionated, they can find sympathy for themselves, too often, only with God, Miss Harwyn' e visit to David Simmon was by no means nee lost ; for as tbe days wore on, it became a constant thing for the neighbours to see her entering hia house; -and Mood was not better thought of in consequence. It was another strange proceeding cf this vety strange young lady ; and to be strange is quite reason enough for a girl's being plaoed oatride toe charmed circle of good and 'discreet society. Some writer hae said that " one can only be strange by being wise and good; "and Harwyn's neighbours, to whom she was ministering, certainly did not think ber Btzaage, unless in this sense. Mrs. Rimmon had recovered remarkably under her ministration, and -had learned to listen impatiently for her visitor's i ootetep. Sbe was eoon able to sit up and her was placed near the window, in view of the large garden, where, winter though it was, an air of cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good year for holly berries, fend toe old lady's eyes were gladdened by the sight of them, and by tbe congregations of robins and spaxTOWs feasting unmolested. Sometimes Mrs. Rimmon would sit silent for a long time together, looking out of this window ; but if Maud offered to go, she would become querulous at once. One afternoon they were sitting together thus, when Mrt. Ri nmon suddenly began comparing her present outiock with toe Old Park at Jumley; and though her account was such tost Maud understood very little of it, she nevertheless listened patiently. Thus encouraged, this desolate creature opened her heart more and more ; but Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had begun to talk freely with her. He had gone so far as to tell her something of his niece and her <sad story, omitting mention of his brother, however, for on this point be was very sensitive. As a boy, his elder brother had been upright in b11 his dealings, severe always, yet not more so with others than with himself: and David hid grows up with a reverence for this ibrother, whom he felt to be beyond tbe comprehension of his feebler brain. And now that deep down and hidden away in his heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his con sciousness as he could pat it It is to be questioned whether he h&a; even thought in words. Some lingering, vague comfort he stored up, as do thousands of other hearts in like trouble— the vague and lingering hope that there might be some mistake, some extenuating circumstance not brought to light. And why deny these hearts their feeble and sad solace ? David had uot seen Maud for more than a few minutes at a time, except on Saturday after noons, when he returned early from business ; yet these fleeting moments had in a short week grown inexpressibly dear to him. Maud, perceiving that he cared to talk to her, humoured his fancy, and gave him opportuni ties of seeiog her, and brightened her own life by thie kindness to another. If ebe conld have foreseen the future, bow she wodd have withheld this sweet cup from his lips ! Kizzy's story had been related to her in frag ments, and at several different timee; and Mies Harwyn, enthusiastic and compassionate, had told David that when his mother should be well enough to spare her, she would go to her friends at Langton for a day or two and endea vour to make Kizzy's acquaintance. Her further inteotion was to bring the young lady to Bowden to stay with her, if they got on well together. In about a month from the time of Kizzy's going to toe Settlings' Maud set out for Langton, and her heart waa singing, tor she thought here was a justifiable opportunity of once more meeting Tom Towers. Sbe was also in high spirits at the prospect of finding a girl friend, a luxury all her money had not boaght her. When the evening of the day of Maud'a de parture had come, and her bright face had never once penetrated the old-fashioned parlour of ber neighbour's house, the heart of David Rimmon fell within him. The light of his life seemed to have died, and his spirit, slow always, was for once startled into a vivid life, and into the acknowledgment that this fair creature was more to him than anything else in the world. Although this truth had penetrated his consciousnSBS, it still suggestei no conse quence. It was a single absorbing thought of adoration, unmtngled with desire. CHAPTER XT.— A Steange Proposal. Kizzy speedily became quite at home in her new surroundings, and though a trifle pole, she looked much like her old self. There was one striking difference, however ; she never laughed now. The Saltriugs, not having known her until ber trouble had come upon her, did sot notico this. Her sorrow had seemed to heighten her beauty and etherealise it. There waa only one person to this establishment who did not vield & willing devotion to this queen of beauty and of sweet manners. That was Laura. This young hdy gave Kizzy many an unhappy moment when no one else was by, and Kizzy accepted all this with a certain gentleness and forbearance which had been foreign to her before this trial. The Towers had been unremitting in their attentions, and had had grave fear for the poor girl at first, and bad seen her steady im provement with soma surprise. Sbe never spoke of her trouble, and do one referred to it, unless it might be Lure. Kizzy had mede resolre that, though sbe had been bitterly separated from her lover, it should not wreck her me. Although her sweet dream had been thus harshly dispell ad, there still remained to her the happy past, and the jiowcr of praying for him, and above all there roseup for berconso- latiou the thought that to another world they might meet again, his crime washed away. The poor girl literally lived to this thought. Her father had been to Langton to see her, and sho had treated him with much gentle affection. If her heart made excuses for one man who had sinned, ought it not &Uo; do the same for her father ? One other trouble had come upon Keziah. Mm. Beredith was angry with her. She re proached her for not making her bouse her home in her affliction. But this was not so much the c&ute; of her anger. It was that Keziah evidently believed in Rupevt's guilt. This lady, who could have staked her life on Kizzy's fidelity, now touod her resigned to a separation, ana resolved to return no more to Leamington. Alas, poor Kizzy! No one knew what a proof toe had to her possession of her lover's guilt. Whether he got off or not, the fact remained the same. Kizzy was toinkiug over all this one morning with a great deal of misgiving, when Miss Harwyn was announced. Mrs. Saltring strongly urged Kizzy to see her, as Mies Harwyn had expressed such an earnest desire to make her acquaintance. Kizzy was upstairs, iu a sitting-room devoted some work for Mi. Saltring. As Mrs. Saltring held the door open for Hira Harwyn to pass in. Kizzy mentally contrasted the two — Mre Saltnng, round, plump, and 6mall, with house and baity stamped upon her face, though in a pleasing way; Miss Harityn, tall and majestic, 1 with sua air of freedom to her whole attitude which seemed to belong to some wild bird sojourning a moment among men, with the ! consciousness that presently toe grand wings can carry him far away to his native haunts. Kizzy did not think this in eo many words, but the words describe toe impression mode on her The two girls shook hands frankly, and Maud seated hersdf near Keziah ; and Mrs. Saltring, on the plea of some household duty, went away. She had more than once found Miss Harwyn too much for her. When the door bad closed behind her, Maud, as if attracted by a magnet, passed her arm round Kizzy's Blender waist, and gently kissed her, saying with a rich smile—- 44 Whom do you think I saw a few days ago?" 44 1 can have no idea," responded Keziah wearily. " It was ytrar uncle David and your graad- 44 Where did you see them ?" 41 la their own boose. They are my neigh bours," 41 Oh, do tell me about them," said Kizzy, a rich glow pasting over her features. 44 What a complexion!" thought Maud. 44 Who evercould paint it?" Then Maud in the prettiest conceivable way explained how they bad become acquainted, and spoke nothing of her own kindness, but very much to praise of David's kindheartedness. 44 And do yon know," said Maud, 44 when your uncle talked about you, I thought to myself 4 here is another girl as lonely as I am. Why ehould'nt we be to gether r "But you don't know anything about me," Kizty replied, shaking her Mad doubtfully. 44 Well," said Maud, 44 people o≪ me im pulsive. I never give ideas time to develop, I act on them straight away ; and if ever 1 regret, liustbear the thing alone, aad don't trouble other people with my regrets. I have a great longing to have you with me, pertly because I tfiinlr you are very little like me; and, forgive me for saying it— you may believe me, because I am a woman sprekingtoa woman — you are so beautiful, you would be a continual feast to my eyes." The rich colour mounted to Kizzy's pale cheek again at this frank compliment, and then the tears gathered in ber eyes, and toe said despairingly : "That seems to be of no consequence to me now." Maud was infinitely touched, end sbe kissed away the tears in a 'sweet, frank way all her own. 44 1 won't lake no. You must come and live with me," she eaid. 44 1 fell in love with you by heanby first, bat thetightof yon— well, I wonder you've net been carried off like the girls to romances." 44Dear Miss Harwyn, "Kizzy began, "it'svery good of you ; but Z ought to tell you how I am placed. I did not get on very well with father at home, and I got myself a situation; but perhaps uncle told you this. 1 cannot go back home, and I cannot go back to that situation. I have been ill, and I have been here I dou't know how many weeks. It iB quite time I went away now. If it were not for this I wonld have stayed with you a little time, you rtak so kindly; and I never saw -any one I tiked so mnciu" 41 Of course, I have not made myself under stood,' Hand broke out. 44 1 rarely do when I want to most. I understood perfectly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants me to have some cross old fogey for a companion ; but I've always obstinately refused. I want some one young, to enter into my schemes, and enjoy life with me ; but mommas arc so strict now-a-days, they would'nt think of letting their daughters come to me ; for, do yon know, I live all by myself in a house." Keziah looked startled. 44 That is, with two servants— one old enough to be my mother. But you seem to be able to please yourself, eo if you came to me nobody would interfere with you, and you would have relatives next door. Tile only thing I stipulate for, if youaocept my offer, and yon shall — yon most certainly shall— is that there shall be no question of money between us." Kizzy was about to interrupt. 44 Don't interrupt me," Mid Maud. 44 1 want to explain my plan. On toe first day of every month I get a certain sum from my bankers ; I am so stupidly rich, you know. X keep two parses— one for housekeeping, the other for my nondescript expenditure. Z shall keep another purse now for you and put in it as much as I put in the last for myself; aad I am eo extrava gant, I am sure you will find it enough." She was much surprised that Kizzv did not close with this at once. She answered the look of the girl rather than any words. 14 That is very unkind of you," Maud ex claimed. 44 Why should you not come to me as well as to anyone else r" 44 You dou't understand me," replied Kizzy. "Your plan is like my being dependent upon yon. I cannot be that Zf J come to you, I muet come for&small; salary such as lam worth. I cannot receive benefit from you which would close my mouth aud take away my freedom." And here a proud look came into the fine face, yet calm and gentle, which somewhat abashed ner companion. The tears welled up into Maud'a eyes. 44 1 can't expect you to know me in one meet- tog," she said. 44 That is true," replied Kizzy, with gentle dignity. 44 It is true for both of us. Had you known me, you could not have made me such a proposal." 44 And had you known me," rejoined Maud, 44 1 think you would have accepted it." Kizzy gently toook her heao. 44 We cannot begin," she said, 44 where we have only a faint chance of ending. Your plan should be the result of years of testing, and of coming together, so to speak. To try to begin so would be to kill every possibility. You are all kind ness, I see it in your face. Yet you want to clip my wings, you who can go everywhere and do everything. "You like to spend your pounds, feeling tbey are your own. Leave me to spend my pence feeling they areznv own." 44 You despise my plan," replied Maud; 44 but yours is ridiculous. If we're to go on for years, laying traps for each other, and keeping np the very widest and strongest distinction of mt-um and ttiuin, where would it all end ? We should never trust each other at all." 44 You forget," resnonded Kizzy, gravely, 44 that your proposal demands exorhituit trust on my part, and leaves you still free." 44 At any rate," went on Maud, growing desperate, 44 who knows where we snail be befcro years enough pass to try your way? You will be marrying and gotog away from me." There was something like scorn in Kizzy's lace as she said, still with cslmness, 44 1 don't think I am likely to marry, Miss Harwyn. I was on the point of it once, and it all enus there." 44 Your uncle told me about your trouble," said Maud, compassionately. 44 Uncle didn't know much," replied Kizzy, dreamily. 4 'Nobody knows much but my self." 14 But nothing is proved against your lover yet, Kizzy," said Maud, eulinc lier by her Christian name for the first time. Kizzy put her hands out before her as if to ward off a blow, and said in a voioe much like a cry, 44 Do not speak of if, you cannot under stand it, I have never told anybody the rights of it all. I went away. I can't remember where I went. I hoped I should die. I remember nights passed in a deserted house, where there were rumblings underneath. I wanted it to fall in on me and buryme for ever. ! Houses often fall about there ; aud there was an explosion. I know that is true, and that I did not dream it, because the baby's here now ; and somehow a thought eame to me, that I might perhaps work out the salvation of both < of us, and he and I might meet again to another < ; world." Maud did sot opdentand aD tola. How should she, unless sbe had known of tho forged letter? 44 1 know about tbe baby," Maud Said. 44 We will have the baby with us. You abaU come to roe on what terms you like, if you will only come. You shall be my model, my guide; you shall save me from my selfish self. It's a revelation to see one so higb- aouled and so beautiful at once. Now, say, when can you be readv to come to me?" 44 1 must go homo for a few day#,"' said Keziah. " I have not Been mother tinea I was ill. Auil please, Miss Harwyn, don't talk to , me as you have done just now. Indeed, you J don't know my heart. What you talk of is only what I want to be, not what I am." 4 Well, well, you can't change my opinions," replied Maud. "But won't you snow me the baby you rescued ?" 44 Gladly," said Keriah, and the twu girls went together to the nursery. On her way home to the Laytous', Maud was so preoccupied about Keziah that she twice failed to recognise people she knew perfectly well. One of these sharply retoed up bis horse, and dismounting, gravely held out his hand and said : ' 4 This is not kind of you. Miss liarwyn, to torture me with the 6ight of you, when we can never be anything to each other, never." 44 Am I never to come near my frieuds, Mr. Towers, because you take a foolish fancy into your head ?" said Maud, her indignation rising against liim. 44 1 thought you would understand, Miss ilerwyn, that 1 am bound band aud foot, that I can marry nobody, much less you." _ 44 Do you think you could marry me if you liked rejoined Maud, hot and angry. 44 iou talk as if I were only watting for you to ask me to accept you. Ah, Mr. Towers, had you been a man of money aud position, you would not have found me so lenient as 1 have sihown myself." 44 That is only your way of upbraiding me for not being a man of money and position," retorted Towers with equal bitterness. 44 If I wanted to upbraid you," replied Maud. 44 1 wonld not go round about. I do upbraid you for not working better, aud getting your qualification." " How con outsiders judge of one's situation ? Vou are very anjust to me." 44 1 dare say I think better of you than you. deserve." Towers coloured. 44 To hear you talk, one would think yoa hated me," he said. 44 1 have a very real contempt for a man who, at thirty years of age, settles down without a qualification he has beeu trying after all his ufe." 44 Your words are very cruel, more cruel than vou think," said the doctor, mounting his noise and riding rapidly away. TO BE OOKTZXUXD. 