COURSING NOTES. ByTbjp. In last week's issue 1 stated that I had made arrangements with a gentleman to supply me with full particulars of the run ning. in connection with the meeting run under the auspices of the Kapunda Coursing Club last Tuesday and Wednesday, but I am vsry sorry that I have to disappoint my readers in this particular, ae the gentleman whom I entrusted with the commission fell foul of that notorious epidemic which has slain its thousands during the last 12 months, the consequence being that he was unable to attend the meeting. Influenza is a terrible monster, having no respect for people, and even the graceful greyhound is at times subject to his undesirable visita tions. A rank outsider was returned the winner in Mr. T. McBean's yellow elut Ruby, by Eos, out of Vic, and from in quiries made of the worthy judge I learn that she is very weedy-looking, but pos sesses pace and cleverness, and any amount of stamina. This is her fint appearance in public, and the performance must be con sidered a very creditable one, as she put down such good greyhounds as Irish Queen, Sam Weller, and O.K. Out of the 32 grey hounds that participated in the stake no less than eight of them were Cranbrooks, and it was only reasonable to expect that one of them would run well up in the stake. When I saw O.K. competing in the Clare Puppy Stake I formed the opinion that he was a long way above the common, as thoBe who have followed me from the beginning well know, and although he went down easily before The Storm King, hie subsequent running proves my opinion to have been a very correct ~ one. In his first course at Kapunda he had to put down one of the best puppies I have seen out this season in The Czar, by Sam — Treasure Trove, and from The Czar's running at Manoora I considered him to be a better dog than O.K. over any course, although it was difficult to judge their respective merits on account of them not running together. However, as I said in my last notes, if one of them made a mistake the other would win, and should the two meet again during the present season I expect The Czar to beat him. Bonner, by ReBterton — Betsy, was my fancy for the stake, but I hear that his running laBt week was a very different thing from . his running at Manoora a little while ago. O.K. pat him down, and O.K. was the runner-up, but if they meet again during; the present season I will stand by Bonner, for if a good aged dog and a good puppy are equal in the matter of condition it stands to reason that the aged dog will come oat on top. Sam Weller ran in his usual consistent manner, and I 8m very sorry to hear that he has made his last ap pearance in public for the present season, as he had the misfortune when run ning with Ruby to rush into a eheoak that was lying on the ground, and dislocate two toes. Herd Laddie also met with an accident, and had to be with drawn. I was told that Python, by Heir loom — Red Hind HI., showed rare pace and cleverness in his trials, but had to cry go to Chemist in the greatest grueller of the meet ing. The following are the results :— THE ANL&BY; STAKES. Limited to 32 all-ages at £1 1b each. Winner, £22 ; runner-up, £10 ; two dogs at £4 each ; and four dbgs at £1 each. Fairboy beat Waterside. Bucephalus beat Deerfoot. Tyro beat Ring. Sam Weller beat Dick Swiveller. ' Lady Sovereign beat Prosperity. Herd Laddie beat Druggist. Moss Qneen beat The Ghost. Ruby beat Irish Queen. O.V.G. beat Morning Star. Bonner beat Hermit. Flying Cloud beat Spring. O.K. beat The Czar. Python beat Currier. Chemist beat Yatara. Laverock beat Starlight. Confidence beat King Bounce. First Ties. Fairboy beat Bucephalus. Sam Weller beat Tyro. Lady Sovereign a bye, Herd Laddie drawn. Ruby beat Moss Queen. Bonner beat O.V.G. O.K. beat Flying Cloud. Chemist beat Python. liaverock beat Confidence. Second Ties. Sam Weller beat Fairboy. Ruby beat Lady Sovereign. O.K. beat Bonner. Chemist beat Laverock. Third Ties. Ruby beat Sam Weller. O.K. beat Chemist. Daciding Couree. Mr. L. McBean's y s Ruby, by Eos— Vic, beat Mr. C. H. Shakeshaf t's f d O.K., by Cranbrook — Fly, and won the stake. Those who wish to nominate greyhounds for the Auburn meeting are remindad that the entries close this evening at 8.30 p.m. with the hon. secretary, Mr. J. Millard. The programme is constituted of a stake for 32 all- ageB at £1 Is each, the member's fees being 5 shillings. Mr. R. E. H. Hope is officiating aB judge, and there is no rea son why the meeting should not be a suc cess. In Tuesday's issue I will endeavor to anticipate the decisions of Mr. Hope, when I hope I will be more successful than at the Kapunda meeting. 