WHY A CATHOLIC. Bs v, Waltbb Elliot, the distinguished PauliSt father; contributes to the N. Y. JPregg' series of religions articles the following interesting paper, entitled " Why 1 am a Catholic " ;— I am a Catholic because the Church it the ^divinely-appointed means to attain the union of any soul with God, a onion imperatively demanded by my reason as •well as by the express will of my Creator. — , . .. Men join the Catholic Church from the most diverse and sometimes seemingly contradictory reasons. One class is drawn to her by 'her beauty, attracted by the sweetness bf her musio and the eloquence of her ritual; some, like Overbeck,'paint themselves into Catholicity, or buufl themselves into her spiritual temple, like Pugin. St. Peter'a at Bome has made many converts. Multitudes are made Catholics by studying history, some by scientific Btudy of nature; multitudes,. again, by the plain words of Scripture. fe few were attracted by; Catholic charity. " Why do you want to be baptised ?" inquired a chaplain in a Catholic hospital of a dying tramp who had asked for baptism. "Because^ I want to die in the same religion as that woman with the (rig white bonnet that's been nursing me." I once met a sailor who, though he could not read and write, had argued himself into the Church and had been a fervent convert for several years. " v What rtade you a Catholic P" I asked him. " Oh, sailing all about the world," was hiB answer—a sailor's way of acquiring the,idea of the universal. I once received a hard- headed old Yankee into the Church , who affirmed that he had been converted by reading the Boston Pilot. Some come in to do penance, driven bv the-sense of guilt into refuges, like LaTrappe. I know men who have joined the Church from consciousness of innocence, revolting from the Protestant doctrine of total depravity; the innocence of childhood is happy in the Catholic Church. t Meantime not a few philosophers beoomeiCatholicB like Brownson and Ward. Fr. Hecker once told me that the study of the social problems started him from religions scepticism toward Catholie faith. Frederick Xiucas affirmed that he became a Cathode because he was a logical Quaker. Donoso Cortez came back from infidelity because the Church vras the bulwaric of conservative political institutions. Frederick Ozanam, on the other hand, took a firmer grip on Catholicity because he was a republican. Pope Leo begins one of his encyclicals with the words " Liberty is God's greatest Eif t to man." ! His letter to the Brazilian bishops on the abolition of slavery reads like a very radical document. In fact; all roads lead to Bome, if one travels through'the world in search of light,' or joy, or brotherhood, and all roads ,lead.a,wiay from Bome if travelled for isolation or for contention. The centripetal force of intellectual and moral humanity is Catholic, and the centrifugal force is Protestant, as the names imply. - ' \- Bat how are all'these minds aud moods made one in the 'Catholic Church ? How can each of these>iay" I am a Catholic," and all mean the feame thin'g P Because all subscribe to the sentence with which I began.' The vital essence of Catholicity is the ejevationof the rational creature to union with God, through the mediation of the Son pf God. This .takes place by the (power of the Holy Spirit, who superadds i to the relation man received ftom his Maker in. theaat of creating another relatioh'—one that makes Mm aparticipator in the divine nature, and which transforms! him from, a creature into a child of God. This isi the essence: of. tfcristiariity in its relatiop to man; this is Catholicity at tfye last anaiyeis. lt is the, loriging for the divinein a decree; more than nature canieatisfy which ttrges forward all the different spirits Isjfokfe of at the outset. 'It is this essential religious • element wMch makes thehr all one when in thechtctphV itll^e reaching out for 'ffiit'^^Mlg'^fe^ life^ich iiature architecture, in painting *, mhipbiiorniu for lafces Jihe.ohilOsopher'a argument/sand \- organiswthe philanthropistViiyiripat' Tho#e'#ho iong ^or restraint find divide tnCattolicffisWplili*. "ThW* *fco etfeve'fbr more libber, ori; entering the church jnay jea^^i^is^t^^boiom^fiiUiett jigothewoiaJilJiise the .miwe^a&lj; •nd more fully for the divine lov£,an< itf 'iisfegnwa o Church for your mother," was a saying in the early Church. t . Is there any other way of explaining Catholicity except that it is a divine answer to the various forms of yearning for divine fruition ? How otherwise explain a unity so imperative and yet so elastic, a universality so wide and at the same time so centralised, a conservatism so staple and yet so pliant, a liberty so radical and yet so safe P It would be an error to characterise this great religion otherwise than by its essential principle —the gift of the divine fatherhood to humanity; the elevation of the human to the divine through the mediatorship o.f God the Son and the indwelling of God the Holy Ghost. Catholicity may be adequately defined as the progress of man under a stimulant altogether divine, assisted by an external polity equally divine, towards a happiness far beyond nature's wildest dream, breaking through the outer wall of nature into the supernatural life of God and participating in the divine attributes. Catholicity gives the life of man a power of growth into union with God. The essential power in' Catholicity is the attraction or God upon man, drawing his soul into a state of being so far above the natural that even his intensest longings but vaguely indicate its dignity. This is the divine harmony of the musical convert, the divine beauty of the architect, the artist, and the ritualist; the divine idea of authority and of order in the soul of the conservative convert; the divine first and final cause of the philosopher and scientist; the divine freedom of the radical. In each case the natural traits of the convert are the Creator's prologomena of the Mediator's work. Nor is it different if one is a Catholie from infancy. He finds in one or other of these religious modes of being in the Church the aspect of supernatural life which best satisfies his natural temperament with a security and perfection elsewhere impossible. There is a void in every human soul which all creatures united would be unable to fill. God alone can fill it, for He is our beginning and our end. The possession of God fills up this void and makes us happy; the privation of God leaves in us this void, and is the cause of wretchedness. The interior and exterior means . of attaining to this possession of God, established by Jesus Ohrist, is the Catholic Church; it the only moans God has established for union with Himself, and it embraces all means which could ossibly be successful. " Thou hast ade us for Thyself," exclaims SU Augustine, " and our hearts are unrestf ul till they find repose in Thee." The method of attaining that repose in God s called the Catholic Church, because it is the sum of every appliance of nature and grace calculated to affect the purpose. There is no form of beauty, no accent of truth, no majesty of power imparted to man from on high which Catholicity has not the organic possession of by divine right, in order to effectuate the mediatorship of the Son of God upon, the individual. 80 much for Catholicity as an influence. As a society Catholicity ia the organism employed by God to exert this influence ana' to furnish and apply the practical aide to the divine union. For this end the Church is the custodian of revealed ttfUth, whether existent in the inspired writings or iu the additional form of sound words handed down from the beginning. She is both the custodian and thje interpreter of the communications of God to man, which have be6n given the form' of human speech. •She is the official propagator of the Gospel. As a teaching body the Church is the organic perpetuation of the apostolic band of missionaries, having a divine powefr of teaching the truth as nce revealed, uttd *6f dispensing supernatural aids to holy living. ! Ab ja society the distinctive characteristic of Catholicity is the universal doctorate of the faith of Christ, and the . supreme magistracy of His moral discipline^ The divine virtues of faith in Christ e revelation.'bopB in-His mercy; and lore for; His'irieattMAe divinity,' are the birthfcight of the m&nbers; ©f the Catholic Church. Of these virtues ihe unitive on* to; excellence' £b loVe,and,in amoral cm dition '•of iMng&, it will shine above other quaUtWB Hit the conspicuoustfraitoE Catholicity. In one age the necessities of the times ' drive men into secluWra, and in another bnng.iWit obediefaoe ta a protest against arebeUUwi, h w M - s s a s jPb&Dv;' VafnPl^-in-v/ .uw- c—• detachment from riches and honours, in prayerful seclusion more Of love of God ana man than dread of the defilements of the world. Catholic authority, if its efforts are unitive, must be inspired by love, if corrective it must bruise and heal alternately. Catholic liberty is freedom to do good for the love of God and man. The life of every organism is love, and this is true supremely and absolutely of organic Christianity—Catholicity. The elevating influence so often mentioned is neither mere force nor an idea; it is a Person. It is Christ. It is the introduction of a new life, His life, into humanity; not super-imposed upon man, or imputed to man, but infused into him by the power of the Holy Ghost. " I live, now not I, but Christ livethin me." Christ has introduced a new species into humanity, known as the people of God- Christians ; and His means of doing this is the Catholic Church. This new life is, in its consciousness, a new interior experience carrying the soul far above the highest flight of reason and transcending its powers. Yet reason and nature are fully assimilated to it, and it becomes and is in the highest degree personal. But tbis touch of the Deity is as organic as it is personal, for it is the love of kinship and is the undivided inheritance of all the children of God. "We know that we have passed from death to life because we love the brethren," says St. John. Thus it is not Christians who make the Church, but Christians are made by Christ through the instrumentality of the Church. Many of my readers would not thank me if I took them over the ong list of Scripture texts going to prove this as a fact in the original formation of Christendom. "Lo! I am with you always, even unto the consummation of he world" is a promise expounded and explained by our Saviour's numerous acts and teachings, all tending to the establishmentof His religion as an organic force. Without organism there is no vital force. When God became man He assumed a position of advantage which would be forfeited if His divine gift did not continue to exhibit forever a human as well as a divine aspect. " I am the light of the world," He said, the light, that is to say, not simply of men's souls or thoughts, but of the actual and living world of men. "I am the way, the truth, and the life." Indeed, any powerful religion must be life in a high degree of external activity. Christ's iife, human and divine as it was by the incarnation, must continue so in the very fullest sense of the term. Life, to operate on men effectually, must be organic, incorporated life. Hence Christ founded His Church as a distinct body of organised men, chose the first officers, invested them with prerogatives, established external forms of intercommunion, and laid down rules of discipline, instituted an external order worship, and a series of sacred forms or sacraments which are His chosen external means for conveying the divine life to our souls. The Church of Christ is the perpetuation of the incarnation of the Son of God and the universal distribution of its benefits. As men are constituted with bodily organisms acting as the instruments of a spiritual soul, the perpetuation and distribution of Christ's gifts are made efficacious by an external organism of men and things informed as a body with the spirit of Christ. The Church embraces all nature, interprets its very voice and uniteB all with divine harmony, offering to God an integral worship not unworthy of the meditator! of a regenerate race and universe. The German mystic, Henry Suso, was once asked what his thoughts were when he sang " Sursum Corda," " Lift Up Your Hearts," in the preface of the Mass. "My heart," he answered," is stirred and set on fire with the contemplation of my entire being, my whole sojil, my body, my forces and my power; and round about me are gathered all the creatures with which the all, _ powerful God as peopled the''-'^heavens, the arth and the elements; the angels f'heaven, the beasts of'the forest, the ishes in the waters, the plants of i the arth, the *ands of the sea, the. atoms; floating in the sunshine, the flakes of ' snow, the drops of raurand the pearls of dew. I think how all creatures, even'to he most remote extremities of the world, i obey God' and contribute what theyean to: that mysteriousi harmony which, with-! out ceasing; goes nip to praise and blew the Creator, I then faiicy myself In ; tfcej midst of this concert as a choir master ? /I devote all sriyfafculties to beat.time; with the most ©nergetie movements <ofi mjr heart l inlviteihem; I exoite them, to sing moBt joyously with tob ^ Surmtii Lift<up youriiearts,. We Slave ttw^them up to the Lord {i lefc us give ^bwivs a fthouMmdtimeB to the Lordxra* God.' • v.; J, ,. ,. ic^Bhsi woioa iof mature ia- the vomiot omw praise, ia nwTwmwttfce ~ ,115. ^rolsyJXiZrZi it is inarticulate, but in nature, as interpreted by the"$7t3 Church in her sacramental system, iti, lainer than ajiy'leason of life ord'eatii, f n baptism 1 God moves over the face of the •waters, whose melody greets gm and thanks Him for restored innocence. In confession the voice of m^ accuses himself with the divine sorrow of Christ, and the voice of man absolve! with the divine authority of the same Christ, and in each case it is the mony of the voices of the dying Saviour and the penitent thief on Calvaiy. communion the devout soul sings the wedding canticle of the supper of the Lamb. The denial -of the sacramental system is not simply the contradiction of re. vealed truth, not simply the abandon^ ment of unbroken Christian tradition and the denial of incontrovertible historic evidence; it is the abandonment and denial of the uses of nature for the communication of divine life. It is more even than this; it is the affirmation that nature is so depraved that even under the spell of divine love it is dumb and futile. The action of grace upon nature is not that of the amputation of a gangrened limb, but the inoculation' of a healing lymph. The whole order of nature ana all creatures in the world have been made to receive the action 6t divine grace and to assist in expelling from onr hearts whatever is (contrary to God. The sacramental system, with its accompany, ing ceremonial rites, is the consecration of nature to its legitimate end—the union of man with God in supernatural life, " I have come that they may have life, and have it more abundantly." To sum up. The human, soul is by nature admirably adapted to the divine union, after which for soul and body it ceaselessly longs. " Every creature . . . groaneth, waiting for the adoption of the sons of God, the redemption of our body." This master passion of the human heaTt was gratilled by Jesus Christ, organic union with wh6nii| in what the apostle calls His bodyj tb£ Catholic Church. This raises reason to secure supremacy over appetite, enlightens it with clear knowledge of its eternal destiny and beBtows a power of lbring both God and man altogether superhuman. That our humanity since Christ's time has been far more than eqaal to itself in a moral point of view is undeniable, an elevation which the experience of individuals and the history of nations associates inseparably with Catholicity. The typical Catholic is therefore a man with a deep longing for God. Whoever does not crave more ihtim'ate union with God has Uttle use for' Catholicity, or being already in it, Catholicity has little use for him. He is foreign to its spirits. The typical Catholie is one who has accepted the Universal Church as the custodian of Christ's revelation to men; he has assimilated that revolution till it is annually his own, and has biconie as personal to him as if made fdr. himself alone 5 he advocates it by word and exemplifies it by deed—firstly, According to the guidance of the Holy Spirit which dwells within him;'arid secondly, according to the suggestion of Providence, made known by hiB environment of age and country. The Catholic of oar day will be distinguished by fidelity to conscience, and he will know his conscience to be enlightened by the readiness with which its admonitions are adjusted to the behests of lawful authority in the external order and to the inspirations Ot grace within. I have given the reason why I aid a Catholic, not as a man formed by study of the past, or by a particular method of spiritual training, nor as an adherent of a particular devotional school in the Chufch, nor as a member of a religious community. I have .spoken simply as a Catholic, belonging to a religion in the highest sense rational, arid which unites me to God iu soul and body; and as a man of to-day looking always to the dictates of conscience for guidance and adhering to Christ, who is of yesterday, to-day,and the sameforfever. 'Mis 18, 1892, will bp'the centenary of the birihtt PiualX. AoomntftfeehftB heentormed to Italy to celebrate the oooasion, (1) by 00mpletfeg And solemnly inaugucating tlie monoiment to the great Pontiff at tfae Basilida 0' Sanjioreiteo.iout&ide; tiienall^; (2) byerepting a monument to Plus IX.; at, jiis,. na#ve plaoe, Sinigaglia; ;(3) by presenting., ian, address of foral/ devfttioq. to! /tbe reighiog'Tontifl I<f° fioiitinually feiOirided how the S&fatibn;' 'Asiy^oies'fc oertaM amotmt of One Soagev late secretary ^ '•General"' Bo$th, > 'has: published, a thaznplet stating <that £or every shilling rq»nt a crown goeu, to the 1 Booth stonilyiHe ^tooj sKwuees ,the,,general deljbfMte Msebood,. ; - '„-,, 