NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cold. Estimate. Lord North. Mayors ball. Deputations. A sad disaster. W. D. Scott ill. Drowned at sea. Advanced School. Great preparations. The social problem. "Forget-Me-Not." Wants of Newcastle. The mad bridegroom. Sunshine and shower. The Felixstow-bridge. The Estimates to-day. Fulton's men still out. A statue of the Queen. Colston is to be hanged. "Robbery under arms." The Steinvora dismasted. An undesirable neighbor. Busy day in both Houses. Saturdays weights are out. Courteous post-office clerks. A new school for our girls. Nice showers in the country. Sale of racehorses in Melbourne. Handicaps out for next Saturday. New ward for the Lunatic Asylum. Captain Fergusson's funeral to-day. Tommy Hudson struck oil at Gawler. A view of the goldfields in the fifties. The Welsh murder mystery explained. Mrs. Taylor's death sentence commuted. Difficulty in the iron trade still unsettled. The bush telegraph and how it is worked. A procession of Gawler Druids last night. Another Baker's Creek divvy^imounced. Master of the Supreme Court seriously ill. The Achurch Company in the Albert Hall. Important business in the Assembly to-day. Sir Chas. Dilke advocates the eight hours' system. Constable Willshire to do duty at Inna- minka. Mr. O'Loughlin wants a local court for Port Germein. Fifteen persons injured in a railway collision in Wales. Another parachute fatality has occurred in New York. Mr. W. D. Scott, the master of the Supreme Court, is ill. The Governor and Lord North visited the gaol yesterday. "Chemistry of paints and dyes" at the Uni- versity to-night. A rough day in the gulf yesterday for the boarding-officers. Entries close to-night for the Port Adelaide Poultry Society's Exhibition. Outlook of agriculturists on the Gawler Plains not very encouraging. New Advanced School for Girls opened yesterday—no demonstration. Vocal items have been added to the musical ghost illusion in Hindley-street. The subscriptions to the Benson fund reached the total of £106 16s. 3d. Several schools of Adelaide and its suburbs visited the Cyclorama last week. The new Advanced School for Girls' building was informally opened yesterday; Two delegates from the Moonta miners will interview the directors to-morrow. M.C. South will do the patrolling duty formerly performed by M. C. Willshire. The annual show of the Sheepbreeders' Assoc- ciation was opened in Melbourne yesterday. Rabbi Boas returned by the Britannia from his visit to West Australia on mission work. Ling How was arrested at Terowie yester- day. He is probably How Ling by this time. Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company pay a dividend of 4s. per share on September 2. Cardinal Moran delivered a lecture on the "Rights and duties of labor" in Sydney last night. A meeting at Gumeracha last night ex- pressed its confidence in the members for the district. The Colonial Secretary of West Australia and his wife arrived yesterday en- route for the other colonies. The advance agent for Lord Sheffield's team was a passenger by the incoming mail boat yesterday. A dramatised version of Rolf Boldrewood's powerful novel "Robbery Under Arms" at the Royal last night. The Australian Natives discussed ''The single tax, its principles, and their applica- tion" last night. An interview between the manager of the Kilkenny Ironworks and the moulders on strike was held yesterday. A man fell down a well 120 feet deep on the Arkaba station yesterday and was rescued. A broken leg was the result of the fall. Rumors are afloat that a certain bookmaker who was in the betting paddock at the Caul- field races on Saturday has disappeared. Mr. Thomas Sardy speaks in glowing terms of the suitability of the land in West Aus- tralia for fruit-growing and wine-making. The Minister of Education and Mr. Hartley, accompanied by members of Parliament made a tour of the Port and Semaphore on Monday. Among the passengers from England by the R. M. S. Britannia was Mr. J. Illingsworth, the advance agent for Lord Sheffield's cricketing team. Sir Henry T. Wrenfordsley, of West Aus- tralia, has been appointed Chief Justice of the Leeward Islands, at a salary of £1,500 per annum. Slavin, the Australian pugilist, is going to appear as a bookmaker, and then intends pro- ceeding to America, where he will meet J. L. Sullivan. Martin Simonsen, of the Opera Company now playing at the Alexandra Theatre, Mel- bourne, was fined £2 yesterday for over- crowding. The sentence of death passed on Mrs. Taylor for performing an illegal operation in Mel- bourne was yesterday commuted to 15 years imprisonment. The voyage of the ship Senator Versmann, from Hamburg, was marked by a melancholy incident—the loss of one of the ordinary sea- men, Albert Guerette. "Hedda Gabler," a play by the celebrated Scandinavian dramatist Henrik Ibsen, will be performed at the Albert Hall on Tuesday next for the first time in Australia. Mr. John Burns, the labor advocate, in a speech at Clapham on Saturday, stated that the London Board of Trade returns fore- shadowed the advent of a depression in trade. A deputation waited on the Treasurer yes- terday asking that the Felixstow-bridge might be erected at the expense of the country. "Honest Tom" had to consult his colleagues. "I have found the gaol in the same admirable order as I did on my previous visit. It reflects great credit on the Sheriff, the keeper, and all concerned. I received no complaints.—Kin- tore. The Marine Board consider that the master of the Steinvora was justified in the action he took, but thought greater attention should have been paid to the storage of cargo at Port Broughton. Weather forecast for to-day:—"Fine generally inland; in southern part showery and squally, but weather moderating and be- coming finer to-morrow, with rising barometers. Westerly winds." It is rumored that Dr. Barry, formerly Bishop of Sydney and now Canon of Windsor, has been offered the vicarage of St. Jude's Church, Kensington, of which the Rev. S. Bott is perpetual curate. "As, however, the Government propose to the power would have voted the whole cost— now he has his doubts. "It makes a dif- deference, don't it?" "The fault of the Cockburn proposals was that the area of the land to be taxed was not considered, the tax having reference entirely to value. Consequently additional burdens would have been cast upon land, not held in large estates, and upon land moreover that is fully utilised." "There is a tendency to overlook the fact that large estates, inasmuch as they are inimi- cal to the growth of population, may fairly be held liable to special taxation. Land monoply impoverishes the State, and the monopolists should therefore be made to contribute more largely to the revenue than other classes." 