Andrew Lang on Ghosts. Mr. Andrew Lang, writing on ghosts, says :-I have been at amateur seances, and expected a great deal, but never Baw or heard anything more abnor- mal than a suppressed giggle, for which my own innocence was unfeelingly blamed. I have passed nights in a haunted castle, with the whole haunted wing to myself; and that when I was young, ill and overworked. I have occupied the ghostly chnmber where the original of Dicken's Miss Havisham (in " Great Expectations") lived and died in her mouldy bridal raiment. But in spite of expecting, with fear and trembling, all sorts of horrors, I never saw or heard anything to establish the existence of a bogey. In another haunted castle, and in the haunted room, I have known a timid and invalid spinster to sleep comfortably, though a military officer of approved valour had previously been so frightened in it that he had cut short his visit and fled the place. Here was a ghost of gentlemanly character, who appeared only to persons unlikely, as he might guess, to be dangerously alarmed. As a rule, the fairly well attested ghosts of my acquain- tance have been seen, not by the timorous and fanciful, but by unimaginative people in perfect health. A scholar of world-wide reputation (among scholars) was, when a boy, driving in a dog- cart, while a stout farmer held the reins. Both were Scotch. They passed a churchyard, beyond which the road ran through a long avenue of trees. Out of the kirkyard slipped a shadowy figure, passed over the wall, glided bes'de the dog-cart all down the long shadowy avenue, and then vanished. Neither the man nor the boy said a word while this lasted. When the appearance had vanished, the farmer whispered, " Did you see yon ?" " Ay !" said the lad. "Thank the Lord !" cried the farmer ; " I was afeared it was the horrors." Hp had been afraid that the appearance was subjective, and born of whisky toddy. Finding that it was objective, he was reasRured, though neither he nor his com- panion ever knew what the thing was that they had looked on. They both, perhaps, were " seers," and " had the smell for a ghost." 