SATURDAY, NOVEMBER SS. 1891. Recent1 advices from the other side of the world, received both by cable and mail, have directed a large amount of attention to tho question of rain- making. Perhaps the greatest drawback to the development of the resources of the inland districts of our island continent is the uncertainty of the rainfall. Over vast areas of country lying within the territorial limits of Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia, and West ern Australia, the rainfall is so small as to render profitable occupation almost impossible; at least a score of observing stations could be named at which less than four inohes of rain are registered annually, while in what are known as « dry seasons" in these dry districts the olouds have on more than one occasion yielded less than two inches in the twelve months. The successful pursuit of agriculture under such conditions is impossible, and the grazing of stook is almost equally out of the question. On the eastern and northern seaboard, the natural rainfall is sufficient as a rule; but on the western watershed, the rain fall decreases as the distance from the ooast range increases. Even here on the Downs, right in the shadow of the ranges, we are by no meanB unfamiliar with droughts and their attendant dis asters, ana the records of the Chief In spector of Stock ehow how terrible have been the losses in the interior districts from this cause during the past decade. If we bad been able to command a supply of moisture, half the ills from which Queensland has suffered in the past might have been averted; our flocks would now number 30,000,090 instead of 19,000,000; our henb would be suf ficiently numerous to supply beef to the whole population of Australia; and our farmers would be strong competitors in many of the markets of the Old "World. But, if only half what we hear iB true, the day of droughts « at an end. A supply of moisture sufficient to make the earth bring forth her increase is no longer dependent upon conditions be yond human control. The inventive genius "of man-American man, be it understood-has discovered means not only of tapping clouds that gather of their own accord, but of compelling clouds to appear and minister to his wants. "I can call spirits from the vasty deep" sajw one of the characters in King Henry the Fourth. " Why, so can I," answers another, "or so can any man: but will they come when you do call for them f" - Hitherto they have re fused to respond to the oall, just as the rain-clouds refused some years ago to appear in response to the call which Professor Pepper addressed to the blue vault of heaven. But a greater man than the oreatorof "Pepper's ghost" has arisen in the person of General Dyren forth, a citizen of the great Republic, hitherto unknown to fame beyond the borders of the land of presidents and pop-corn. The General began his work of rain-making a few weeks ago in the State of Texas, selecting a ranch (or cattle run) in " an extremely dry section, where the pasturage was very poor." Balloons freighted with high explosives were sent aloft and their cargoes fired at altitudes ranging from one and a half to five miles; "rackarook" powder and dynamite were exploded on the ground; and explosives attached to the tails of kites were fired in mid-air. "The re sults," says the ohronicler, " were most satisfactory. In every instance a series of explosions was followed within ten hours by rain." The last Texas experiment of which we have detail news was made on the evening of September 19. The sky was dotted with stars, and cloudless, and the barometer was set "fair." Somehours after the explosions black clouds began to gather " in the direotion in which the smoke had blown j" at 4 o'clock on the morning of the 20th heavy rain com menced, and, accompauied by thunder and lightning, continued until 8 o'clock. "Many heavy charges were then fired, and showers fell after eaoh." Another " rain-maker" has since appeared, this time in the State of Kansas, and he has entered into a oontract with a local or ganisation to water the north-western part ot the territory during tho months of June, July, and August, 1892, at the rate of one dollar per acre of the area watered. The Spaniards have likewise been experimenting, and they also re port successful results. It is not sur prising that all this should have at tracted attention and excited interest in a country like our own, which, in the matter of droughts, oan, we venture to assert, beat Amerioa hollow. The wis dom of making experiments in the back blocks of New South Wales was briefly referred to in the Legislative Assembly of that colony on Tuesday last. The Premier was of opinion that " there was something in the uews from America, and thought money would be well spent in trying experiments in some of the dry districts, where a fall of rain would be a pleasant surprise and a change." Nothing definite was decided upon ; but it is not likely the matter will be al lowed to rest after tho favorable opinion expressed by Mr. Dibbs. In South Australia, arrangements are in a raoro forward state, and an experiment is to be made early next month. Should the result prove satisfactory, rain-makers will soon be as common ia the colonies as book-agents were a few years ago, or as medicine-men are to-day among the wild tribes of darkest Africa. 