Miscellaneous, From . the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Queen presented a handsome silver tea set to the head gardener at Windsor Castle, on his retire ment, after having charge of the Frogmore Gardens for over 20 years. ? The Prince of Wales attended a grouse drive in the Highlands, and, as usual, shot in kid gloves. The Queen, having been approached, has offered to set apart suitable laud at Hampton Wick, as allot ments for the use of working-men. . The Queen of Eoumania has been staying at Lake Haggiore, where she was visited by the Queen of Italy. She suffers from pains in the head, and spends most of her time in a hammock, with closed eyes. She feels the departure of her Maid of Honour, Mdlle. Vacari6co, whom the Crown Prince, for State reasons, was prevented from -marrying. It is feared that the Queen's mind is going. She sent for her physician one day, and read to him a fairy story which she had dictated to her lady companion. The Queen \- lost her only child, a girl, some years since, and the king adopted as his heir Prince. Ferdinand; \- A dinner was given at the Siamese Legation in London in honour of the -birthday of the King of Siam. It was attended by a brother of the king and four young princes, sons of the king, who are being educated in England. The Siamese students in this country were also present. During the absence from town of the Lord Mayor, Sir Andrew Lusk presided at the Mansion House. He is SI -years of age, and runs up to London from Brighton each morning. Royal personages, it appears, have their hobbies. The Prince of Wales collects pipes. The Czar has a fondness for stamps and birds' eggs. The German Emperor and the Kings of Eoumania and Sweden have a fancy for autographs. The Queen of Italy collects shoes and gloves that have been worn by monarchs. More than one royal personage collects coins. Mr. Irving unveiled a memorial statue of Christo pher Marlowe, poet, actor, and dramatist, outside the gates of Canterbury Cathedral. Monday, September 21, was the fiftieth anniversary of the opening of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Eailway. A school is to be started in London by the Fan makers' Company to improve the art of English fan painting. The course of instruction will include painting on gauze, silk, and satin. The Board of Trade returns show that out of 5289 candidates for the mercantile service 63 were found to be colour blind. - - : Australasia was included in the postal union after October 1. Letters to all of these colonies, including New Guinea and Fiji, go for 2£d per |oz, postcards Id each, and newspapers Id for 4oz. Two young gentlemen, brothers, purpose living a Robinson Crusoe life on an uninhabited island off the Cornish coast, the lease of which they have purchased. The island, which is three miles from Padstow, is 250 yards long and 60 broad, and has hitherto been the haunt of sea-birds. Mr, Mellor, of Hough Hole, near Macclesfield, who recently died at the age of 94, was interred in his own garden, where also are buried several members of his family. ' This garden is a favourite resort, '_ it being laid out to illustrate Bunyau's ' Pilgrim's Progress,' and in which Mr. Mellor regularly conducted a religious service. He cut and carved his own tomb stone years ago, and had been a vegetarian for 30 years. . Plums were so plentiful in Kent that they hardly paid for picking. The . price they fetched in the London market did not pay the carriage and commis sion. An English snake, nearly 9ft. long, was killed close to Corfe Castle, Swanage. An English firm of manufacturers took out a patent for some new fabric. Linen of the very same texture has recently been discovered wrapped round the mummies of people who lived in the time of Moses. A pneumatic inner sole for boots has been brought out. It is made of hollow indiarubbes inflated with aii', and intended for people who have tender feet. Seventeen dressmakers at work in Manchester threw up the windows and screamed 'murder,' declaring that they had been terrified by a ghost. Crowds have been assembling nightly in Jarrow to watch for the ghost of a young lady which was sup posed to roam about a house-top. A gentleman was about to sell his estate at Brain tree, owing to failure to find water after several borings. As a last resort he decided to try the divining- rod, by which means water was quickly dis covered. A wedding party arrived at a church in Holborn, but after waiting a long time the bride failed to put in an appearance. When it was all too late she arrived, and burst into tears on learning that the marriage must be postponed. . A proposal to swim the Channel between Grisnez and Dover had to be abandoned, owing to the rough weather. A man remained in the sea for six hours near Brighton, thus winning a wager of. £1700. At Newcastle a man succeeded in rowing a quarter of a mile, riding a bicycle a quarter of a mile, running 440 yards and swimmmg a like distance, and riding a horse the same number of yards, all within the space of 13 minutes. A Government clerk in London consented to dam ages, amounting to £1000, for breach of promise. Over 1C00 letters have passed between the couple. Bills valued at £100,000 were stolen from a case in a city bank. As the loss was quickly 'discovered, notice was given to the banks interested, rendering the bills valueless. Mr. Fielden, M.P., while deerstalking in Scotland, fell down the precipitous face of a mountain, but was caught in the descent by a gamekeeper, who, making a spring, seized him as he fell upon a ledge of rock 20ft. below the summit of the crag, and overhanging a precipice 1000ft. deep. It was six hours before the injured M.P. and the gillie could be rescued from their perilous position. A young man was fined at Lambeth Police Court for obtaining sweetmeats from an automatic machine by depositing a piece of metal the size of a penny. Spurious coins, it was said, find their way very freely into these machines. At Marylebone a man who had previously been fined was sent to gaol for 14 days for selling half a hundredweight of coals deficient by 81b. A middle-aged woman was sentenced at the Old Bailey to three days' imprisonment for bigamy, her second husband being 18 years old. Another Jackson case came before the North Lon don Police Court. A Mrs Jackson did not wish to live with her husband, because, as she alleged, he did not support her. She took a small business to keep her self, but the husband came to the house in spite of her, and, as she declared, helped himself to her money. For this she charged him with stealing. The magis trate discharged the accused,' declaring that a wife, unless she had a legal separation, had no right to shut her house against her husband. Avanman in Glasgow was charged with selling pauper bodies for dissecting purposes at 5s each instead of delivering them for burial. A sham detective, who married several young women in order to possess himself of their savings, was sentenced at the Old Bailey to five years' penal servitude. A man received a similar sentence for forging a re gister of death of a young woman, unknown to her, and who is still alive, in order to obtain her insurance money. A cashier charged with defrauding his master, Sir Henry Peek, of £15,000, was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. A man who made the acquaintance of a family living in the Strand, and who abducted the daughter, a young girl under 16, was sent to gaol for six months. A man residing at Harlesden abducted a young girl whom he professed to engage as a typewriter, and was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment. The clothes belonging to a servant-girl having been discovered on the pier at Blyth, together with a fare well letter to her sweetheart, it was thought certain that she had committed suicide. Some days after she was accidentally met in Newcastle. A Brooklyn merchant went to bathe at Coney Island. His clothes were found on the beach, and as he did not return he was mourned as dead. A telegram to his family from a distant port, purporting to come from him, and asking for money, was regarded as an attempted fraud. It eventually transpired that while swimming he was carried: some miles out to sea, and was picked up by an outward-bound vessel. Sir George Grey proposes a Legislative Chamber for New Zealand composed entirely of women, which would replace the present Upper House. Some independent witnesses declare that they beheld the sea-serpent off the coast of New Zealand. It is said to have been 100ft. long. A fatal case of cholera was reported from Kilburn. The obituary of the week ending September 24 includes : Mr. Robert Austin, general secretary of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, who is likely to be succeeded by Mr. Tom Mann ; Mrs. Kilham, of Mexborough, aged 103 ; Mr. Samuel Brown, a well known Leeds banker, who suddenly expired at his shooting-box in Scotland. 