THE THEOSOPHIOAL SOCIETY. "Thehb are more thingB in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy " Hamlet tells us, and it is quite certain that accounts of things new and etrange are constantly reach ing our ears. Nothing is more inte. resting for the human mind to dwell upon than the Unseen World, with all its mystery, possibilities, and glory, And information with regard to the future life and the existence of the soul is eagerly welcomed by every one. Christianity tells us a great deal about these, but sceptical minds require more than mere narration, however divine its origin, to convince them that | there is actually for humanity another life beyond the grave. Hard facts, actual communications from departed friends, the clasp of an unseen shadowy hand-these are what is stated to be required to convince such folk that the dear ones whom they mourn as dead still live on in spirit. Mere mate rialists deny that it is possible to obtain information of this invaluable character} the present they say is known, but the future is altogether " unknowable," an impenetrable veil biding this world from the next, if next perchance there happen to be. The spiritualist, however, takes higher ground 5 he not only boldly affirms the re-existence of men and women in spirit forms, but claims to have actual proof that suoh is the case He sub raits that he can enter into conversa tion by meanB of slumbering " mediums" with those who have I passed away, while the art of clairvoy I ance enables him actually to see the spiritual plane, and to describe what takes place in it, Alas ! for the cred ulity of mankind, when we ask for the proof, it always turns out to rest upon such a slender basis, and frequently moreover to be so honeyoombed with fraud, that a reasoning man feels that he can place but the very slightest reliance upon it. Yet the spirit sect hold on to what they are pleased to | call " their fads," and what is more, their numbers appear to be increasing. The phenomena of these spiritualists first attracted general attention early I in the seventies, when information was received in New York that ghostly ^ visitations wore taking place nightly in the house of a farmer in one of the rural districts of the name of | Eddy, Great excitement was created when it was made known that the boys of the family were in the habit of hold ing conversations every evening with spirits, and received habitual proof of i the presence of ghosts, The senaa tional news flew about like wildfire, and a New York journal commissioned Oolonel Olcott, a well-known con tributor to the press, and a shrewd level-headed American lawyer, to pro ceed to the Eddy's house, and to take I notes of what passed during the night. The articles which subsequently ap peared in the Journal show that Oolonel Olcott quite believed that the Eddy; brothers' manifestations wore genuine, and this same gentleman I afterwards astounded the world by publishing a book containing a de tailed account of his interviews with " People from the Other World." From this time for a considerable period afterwards Oolonel Olcott was regarded as one of the leaders of the spiritualistic movement, but true to his character of a pushing pro. gresBive Yankee, he subsequently went " one higher," and became a con vert to a new sect called the Theo sophists, whose religion and ideas, if somewhat vague, are yet of a wide and comprehensive character, and profess to explain all the mysteries of tho seen and the unseen world, aud to embrace all knowledge and all faith. The founder or discoverer of Tbeosopby is a Eussiau lady of the name of Madame Blavatsky, whose decease has been re corded within the last two or three weeks, and who gained her informa tion at first hand, from the eastern sages who dwell and fast and teach on the heights of the Himalayan mountains, Madame Blavatsky lived for^ Beveral years with these Indian fakirs, and after she' had been thoroughly impregnated with their ideas, ana convinced of the truth of the message they had for mankind, she sailed for New York to act as a mis eionary for the new religion, Almost needless to say she thore met Oolonel Olcott, who was only too eager to im part to tbis^ distinguished lady the little of mysticism he had himself seen [ and heard, Madame Blavatsky had a ready explanation of the Eddy phe nomena, Tliey were caused by " ele mentaries," that is bv undeveloDed sprites, who did a, good deal of that sort of business up in the Himalayan Mountains, where the Mahatina fakirs knew all about them. Theosophisra, Madame said, could teach more than this ; it could not only give the key to communication with the spirits of de parted humanity, but showed that man had also an astral body which could wander through Bpace, and it explained the beauties of the Nirvana, or the heaven of the moat highly cultivated spirits. Colonel Olcott gave in hie adhesion to the new religion, and with Madame Blavatsky founded the Ameri can Theoaophical Association. Subse quent!) "-in 1878--this lady and gentleman migrated to Hiudostan, and rnnde Madras the headquarters of their movements. Siuce then the Theoaophical Association has been es tablishing barrackB in various parts of the world, till, we are told, it numbers 180 branches in India, 70 in America, 40 in Europe, 26 in Ceylon, and, muat we write it, 0 in Australia, The re cent death of Madame Blavataky leaves Colonel Olcott as the head nnd central figure of this curious religion, and all good TheoBophista look for light and encouragement to him. Colonel Olcott ia at thia moment en gaged lecturing in this part of the world, so things should be lookiog up with the Bix Theoaophical Sociotieo of Australia, who have, now or never, an opportunity of giving a reason for the faith whieh is thm THE QUHICN'B BIUTHDAY {alia this year on Sunday (to-morrow), and the celebration will Oe kept up on Monday. On Sunday a church parade of the volunteers will be held in the Institute Hall, at which an address will be delivered by Tne Rev, R, A, Caldwell, and the Reva, J1, W. Matohoaa and J. Robertaon will asaiat in the devotional part of the service. Mr, R. U. D'A. Irvine will conduct the musical part. Monday will be full of holiday events. The members of the Court Marian Court of Foresters will hold their annual picnic and sporta at Moorak, They will leave tne German Club Hall in procession, headed by the Drum and Fife Band, and will march to the ground, On Monday also the Mount Gambier Company of Volunteers (foot) will hold th«ir annual con teat for the Government prize monoy, to which will be added a considerable amount obtained by private subscription, The Mount Gambier Oouraing Club will have a day's ooursing in the Benara home paddocka, Fifteen dogs have been entered for the events, Racea will be held at Tantanoola aud Allandale as usual on that day. The Mount Gambier corpa of the Salvation Army will hold a special demon* atratlon In the form of a tea and evening meeting, The Mount Gambier Caledonian Society have also arranged for a social In the Institute Hall in the evening. A CONTRIBUTOR to the Register, dealing with the capabilities of the South-East remarks i "I do not even except the beat situations in the Adelaide Ranges in asserting that the soil and olimate of portions of the South-East have no superior in t,he colony in its adaptability for the growth of apples, which promise to take a leading place in fruit shipments. The orange tribe is one of the safest and moat profitable, and its extensive culture can be recommended iu the wanner localities, where it should yield bountiful crops, From the Tatiara to the sandy ranges running to Narracoorte, thence to the Gap, the East and West Avenue Ranges, and similar country, much of which is infested with rabbits, and at present almost unprofitable, is well suited for growing grapes for wine-making, and the high dry richer lands should yield the Muscat in abundance for dry ing. The naturally drained alluvial flats ought to produce the Garbenet Sauvignon to a degree unattainable in other portions of the colony. In fact, the topsoil and subsoil of this country varies so much that suitable localities can be found for all descriptions of grapes for wine making that mature to the greatest perfection in humid climates," After dealing trench ently with the poor uses to which the country hasjbeen put he adds:-"If sufficient energy, experience, and capital be given to the essen tial methods for obtaining from the soil to the utmost the fruits it is oapable of yielding, there should be no longer room for wonderment that the South-Eastern country is so sparsely populated. The waters of Kingston port should be floating superior ships to the old Barossa and other vessels, that in the past carried to England with regularity little else than wool and wheat. If the many oppor tunities afforded are taken advantage of, Buoh produota as frozen meat, wine, dried and oanned fruit, dairy produce, honey, wattle bark, &o;,, should ba taken from our shores in suoh quantity that the reveuue realised will in time bring to the South-East the two most powerful faotors in making a oouutry great, viz , wealth and population." SALVATION AHIIY,--A public tea and supper in couneotion with the Mount Gambier corps of the Salvation Army are to be held on Monday in the barracks. The evening meeting will be held in the South-Eastern Bazaar, EOMPSB OF THR MOON.-A total eclipse of the moon will occur on to.iriorrow (Sunday) morning It will be visible in Australia, The first contaot will take place at about a quarter past one in the morniug, IN the Supreme Court, Melbourne, on Tuea. day afternoon a painful scene took place between Judge Hodges, who occupied the Bench, and Mr, Purves, Q.Q, It arose through the Judge assuming that Mr, Purves aoouspd him of making an untruthful statement, Mr, Purves declined to withdraw the words he used, but he asserted that he did not mean what the Judge suid he meant, Mr, Purves was ordered to withdraw from the Oourt, and the Sheriff was sent for. An effort made by the other lawyers engaged to restore the peace failed, and the Oourt was adjourned, Next day judge and counsel were in a penitent frame of mind, and the quarrel was smoothed over, Mr, Purves apologiued, and the Judge said he was pleased to be friends again, MR, T, P. SCOTT, many years ago owner of Monbulla Station, near Penola, died in Adel aide a few days ago, THK Portland people have been interviewing Mr, Wrixon, their member, urging the olaims of that town to be chosen as the "Federal City," MOUNT GAMBIER MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SooiETy.-This aooiety held its seoond aocial on Tuesday evening in tho Presbyterian School Hall, in the presence of over 200 people, The programme took the form of aongs, readings, and recitations, and the visitors also amused themselves with various kinds of parlor games, The room had been tastefully decorated with greenery and flowers, while a tew pot plants on the platform helped to make an attractive appearance, Refreshments were provided by tno lady associates, to whose efforts may ba attributed the success of the gathering, The following took part in the musioal and elocutionary portion of the programme ;-Mca. Kieselbaoh ; Miaies Paltridge, Alien, Kelly, Driscoll, Hammer, and Hay ; Messrs, Walter, Greenlees, Collins, Newling, and Parkes. Through the kindness of the lady associates in providing everything without cost to the society the whole of the proceeds will be devoted to the piano fund. A resolution favoring the establishment of a branch of the South Australian Literary Societies' Union at Mount Gambier was also carried. THE Mayor of Now Orleans, where some weeks ago eleven Italians were lynched for alleged complicity in the murder of the Police Inspector of that city, is uot disposed to bo very tolerant with the compatriots of the murdered men, They still clamour for the punishment of the lynohers, but the Mayor has just warned them that if they do not keep quiet they will all be " wiped out." No doubt the hint will have a salutary effect on the Italians of New Orleans, though it seems rather a rough and ready way of dealing with a troublesome question, THE POLITICAL PROSPECT, - The Rcyintcv says" Although most of the country mem bers of the Assembly have not been in town together for some time there appear already signs of the stir in political quarters usual im mediately prior to the opening of a new session. On Tuesday night a meeting of the Independent party was held, and some matters of special importance affecting the organization of tho party as well aa larger issues, were discussed, Irrespectively of this particular section tho customary talk is heard of attempts beiug made to oust the Ministry on the one hand, and of the arrangement of a coalition on the other hand ; but all this, of course, ia very indefinite. There seems to be a general feeling among members-even amongst some who are not very favourable to the Miuistry-that the public are tired of party eguabblings, and that, ns so little work was done in the first session of the prosont Parliament, the duty of trying to do something in the second ia incumbent upon the House." It is reported that Sandringham, the resi lience of the Prince of VVnlen, is mortgaged to the extent of £300,000, The mortgagees are Messrs, Murrieta & Co, and Messrs, Baring and Co,, and as they want their money the loan was called in. This put the Prince in a fix, but the Queen arranged the matter for him, and so the difficulty is shelved for a time, Many of the Queen's subjects will be interested to know how the Prince came to be so deeply in debt, A MESSAGE TO TUB GOVERNOR,--Our Port MaoDonnell correspondent, writing yeaterdoy, says"H.M.8, Orlando paaaed here at 1 o'clock to-day, on her way to Adelaide, The Admiral signalled a ineaasge to bo aent to the Governor, stating that he would arrive at the anchorage at 2 p.m. to-morrow." WE3LEYAN LlTWUUY SOOIETY.-The ficat meeting of the above Society for the season was held in the Wealeyan schoolroom on VVedneaday evening, Mr, M, 0, Wilson pre sided, The attendance was fair, The princi pal itom ou the programme waa a lecture on Geology Ijy Mr, James Cock, ^Thia was elucidated Tjy a number of Interesting speoi mena which Mr. Cock had collected. On the proposition of Mr, Billing, seconded by Mr, A, A, Haddy, a vote of thanks was paaaed to the lecturer, The various Committees for the Bnauiug season were elected, and Mr, H, Billing was appointed Assistant-Secretary. Songs were contributed by Mrs, W, R, Jones ind Miss Shepherdaon. THE Queensland shearing difficulty seems to be still some way of! the hoped- for olose-in fact, the end seems aa far off as ever, Neither aide give any indication of giving away, and the shearers are, if any thing,^jiiore embittered than ever, The Government is exerting itself to the utmost in the oauae of law and order, but its resources are heavily taxed by the formidable character of the struggle and the large area over which it ia spread. The result of the Rockhampton trials has produced great sensa tion in the shearers' campa, POTATO LAND.--Meaaru. J, N. Goymour and Oo. will offer to-day, at the South- Eaatera Bazaar, the lease of 1,000 acres of potato land on the Moornk estate, in blocks j and also leases of Mr, brew's Oanavan'a section, Penola*road, in ten-acre blocks, Alahm otf - A few minutes before 8 o'clock on Thursday night the kitchen chimney at the Commercial Hotel took fire and blazed furiously. The fire-bell t was rung, and the Volunteer and Corporation fire-reels were im< mediately run to the spot, at whioh a large crowd speedily gathered. The fire waB, how» ever, extinguished without the aid of the reels, and no damage was done by it. THE London correspondent of the Aclvei'tiaci1 reports i-" Mr, F. JG. Harris, of Mount Gam. bier, is once agaiu in London, after an exteuded business tour in the miniDg districts of Aus tralia, He and Mrs. Harris travelled from Adelaide to Marseilles iu the MeBaageriea Pqlyneaien, Thk Hon, K. 0, Baker and the Ron» A, A, KirUpatriok were declared duly oleoted for the Southern Province at Strafchalbyn on Thurei IN a lawn tennis match played at Narra* coorte on Wednesday between teams represen ting Apsley and Narracoorta the former won, The aoorea were-Apaley, 51 games; Narra ooortp, 43 gameg, STOCK SAi^a.-Sorae large salea of stock are to be held within the next week, To-day Mr. MacCJourt will offer for sale a large number of atook at Millioent. On Wednesday next Messrs. Bagot, Shakea, and Lewis will offer 716 head of the Glencoe nerd of cattle in prime, i fat, and store condition. The aale will take place at the station. On the following day (Thursday) Messrs, Elder, Smith, & Co. will hold a sale of 652 cattle at Mount Gambier, Messrs, Bagot, Shakes, and Lewis will hold a enle of cattle at Mount Gambier on the same day, and another at Millioent on Friday, the 29th inst, OPERETTA -Stratton'a pretty operetta, "The Children's Queen" or "The Fairy Trans formation," was repeated on Thursday evening, in the Institute Hall, by a number of young people oonneoted with Ohriat Ohuroh, The operetta was very successfully acted and sung, and the audience again and again evinced their pleasure with applause, The singers were the same as those who took part afc the first pre sentation, excepting that Miss Nioholls was absent, Miss D. French waa Queen of the Fairies and J^Lifla E. Hammer the Children's Queen,(^#P57 Craig (organ) and Miss B, Harris (pianoiorte)playedtheaccompanimenta. During the evening the Misses Lpggoe contributed ft pianoforte duet and the Miaaes Tucker (2) and Lord a trio on the organ and pianoforte very nicely. The attendance was moderate, A BOLT,-On Thursday morning Dr, Mac Mahon'sj pair of horaea and buggjy were standing in Oompton-atreet opposite hia residence, in oharge of his groom, One of the horses rubbed a winker off its companion with its head, and frightened the latter, which became restive. The groom jumped down to readjust the winkers, but as soon as he left the vehicle the horses etarted off, leaving him behind, They traversed at full speed Commercia\\-8treet to the west end of Roaaville, going round obstacles such aa wagons, in their way j then along the Millicent ruad, to the road running south beyond MacFarlane's, which they followed till reaching OraikeEarm corner, where they turned eastward towards Roaaville again. They were caught near the Sportsman's Arms by Mr. J. Height, In their run they had travelled over j three miles, and turned five oorners without doiii^ themselves, their harness, or the vehicle any injury. WARRNAMBOOL POTATO CHOPS.-The late potato crops at Warrnambool have not yielded so heavily aa the earlier (the Standard saysj, though satisfactory results are obtained, Digging has not yet been completed, but the greater part of the crop has been dug, and not a small quantity pitted, As was antici pated some weeks ago the market has improved considerably, and prices are now fairly remunerative, Sales, however, are not brisk, as owing to a stagnaut market in Sydney there is scarcely any other outlet than Melbourne," The Oasterton News of yeaterday publishes the followiug itema" The Oasterton Football Club have decided not to compete thia season for the Hunilton trophy, presented by the Hon, A, Wynne, but propose instead to visit Mount Gambier and compete for the trophy there, In reply to a letter sent from Hamilton, asking the Oasterton Club to arrange a matoh as soon as possible, a letter has been sent by Mr. Tytherleigh, tne secretary of the O.iBterton Olub, proposing to play on any Saturday that would suit, It has been suggested that a ball should be held for the purpose of defraying the expenses of the team to Mount Gambier. , . . , . The Prestyyteriau Church was being decorated laat evening for a pleasing ceremony that is to take place to-day, the occasion being the marriage of Mr. Russell, of Mount Gambier, to Miss Livingston, of Ardno. A good deal of interest has been manifested in the event, as both parties are held in high esteem by all who know them. The lady ia particularly a favorite in her own neighborhood on both sides of the border. The Rev, Mr, Lee, of Cavendish, will otfloit\ta." LAVVN TENNIS, - Members of the Mount Gambier Lawn Tennis Olub journey to Narra coorte on Monday, the 25th inst,, to play a matoh with the local club. The following players will vepreaeufc Mount GambierDr, MacMahon, and Messrs. Ellershaw, Hobart, and Benson, The last matoh played between these clubs was won bv Narracoorte. RIFLE MATCHES.-On Monday a series of six rifle matches will bo carried out by the Mount Gambier Volunteer Company (foot), on the local range, The total value of the prizes offered is £31), including the Government prize money and a good suin collected in the town, and a capital day's exoraiae will be provided, In one of the matches civiliuna and members of the Mounted Infantry will be allowed to ahoafc, and a pool target will be available all day. Particulars of the matches are announced by advertisement in the Watch to-day, THE best value for money in Ladies' Mantles, Jackets, and Ulatera ia to be had at JAS, WHAN AND Co.'s, who are now showing some special bargains, whioh are well worth the attention of intending purchasers,-Truth, 