THE BEAL CAUSE OE BOMAN-i ISM IN THE OHUBOH OE ENGLAND. Certainly the cause of Evangelical truth was never so assailed and en dangered. In many churches, the con- fessional, the altar services, the priestly vestments, the use of incense, crosses, paintings, and other Bomish ordinances are openly adopted. The Bomanising clergy constitute a powerful body, united 'together with -the avowed intention of extirpating; Protestant principles and - ministerB from the Church. No less than eleven hundred clergymen, a few years ago, petitioned for union between the -Ohnrca of England and that of Borne 1 And what is affecting the es tablished Ohnrich in England is visibly affecting the same body in these Colonies. The Bomanizing ministers constantly affirm that they are bound by their ordin- nation vows to obserye the ordinances' of the Prayer Book, and that these ordin- aaces prescribe the sacerdotal services of the Boman Church. The origin of the Tractarian movement was the desire to revive the ordinances and forms of the Prayer Book, and under the sanction and authority of these forms, the movement has increased, in opposition to episcopal censures, and to the earnest addresses and exhortations of the Evangelical clergy. It, is, therefore, in the highest degree necessary for the maintenance of Gospel truth to ascertain by calm and unprejud iced inquiry how far the progress of Bo manism may be' caused or sanctioned by the form.8 and ordinances of the Church of England. ; The Bomanising, , clergy allege that in . the Prayer Book they are generally denominated Priests, and that in assum ing the vestments of the Bomish Priest hood they act in conformity with the following prescription : — Such ornaments of tho Church and of the ministers thereof, shall he retained and be in use as were in this Church of England in the second year of King Edward VI. They affirm that at that period. {Cruci fixes, pictures, candlesticks, and other ornaments of the altar were, in use,; and that ministers wore the. copes, chasubles', and other dresses of the Bomish .Priest- , hood. , ' ' , ,V They, allege that their, priesthood,, is the same in office and authority as'that of the Church of Borne, and that it was conferred upon them by the Bishop in the form used by the Papal Church : Beceivo the Holy Ghost for tho olllco and work of a Priest in the Ohuroh of God, now committed unto thee by the imposition of our hands. Whoso sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou dost retain they are retained.— T/te Ordering of Priests, The form in which they are directed to exercise this priestly power of absolution is affirmed to be similar to that used by the Church of Bome : — The Priest shall absolve him (the siok person),' if ho humbly desire it, ofter this sort. Our .Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to his Churoh to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in him, of his, great mercy forgive thee thine offences, and by his authority committed to me 1 absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name, &o.; — Visitation of the Sick, j This real presence of Christ's body and blood in the Lord's Supper, '"and'the doc- trine that all "''children spiritually regenerated in>nd by their ' bapitisihp are said to be taught' in such- passages as the 'following:-— ."The body and blood of Christ, ' whibll' are verily and indeed taken f 'and Vedeived ' by - the faithful in -the; Lord's iSuppeK — Catechism', n Seeing. now, dearly beloved- brethren,; that, this child, is regenerate,. , ; ,. ; . ; ;f;liee, hearty thanks, most moM Father, that it'hath pleased thee to regenerate this, 'infant with thy Holy Spirit. — Baptism of Infants, The acknowledgment of the Bomish Church as Catholic, and of the" validity ot .its priesthood, aa weU as the repudiation, , of; all Protestant Churches as schismaticai and excommunicated, are said to be j usti- fled by the law of the Esta-blished Church, which prescribes that Boman Catholic Priests are to be admitted to its ministry and, benefices without being re-ordained but|that the ministers of all Presbyterian," Congregational, or other Protestantr Churches must receive episcopal ordina tion before they can be admitted to the , ministry of the Established Church. .. . ; The Canons also declare that— , „ ' | , WhoBOovor ehall affirm that ho; may .not, .approve, use, and subscribe unto, the ritos.iind ! ceremonies of tho Ohuroh of England, let hiiu bo excommunicated, &o.; — Canon 6. " Whosoever shall separate themselves froth ;the' ' Communion of Saints in tho Ohuroh of England - and combine themselves into, , a new brotherhood, lot them be excommunicated till' they revokethoir , wicked' errors. — Cation 9. ' . ' , W.hosever shall affirra that suoh mihisters as ' refuse to subscribe to the Priayer -Book- ihoy, take '. : .unto them the mime of another Oharcb,.lqt them; beoxoommudioated until they revoke their, wicked, errors. — C7a«6» 10. , ' , . \ ; :;-Ifc is' of importance te remember. that these, and. similar forms and ordinances, .were protested against by the English Beformers, and have always been con sidered, unscriptural and Bomish by; Pro-; testants. , The most objectionable of them ' were introduced by the authority of Queen. Elizabeth, to prevent Boman Catholics leaving the services of the Church, and were enforced with cruel persecutions by the Stuarts , in order to . favour the introduction of Bomanism, to. drive out Evangelical Christians, and to divide and weaken the Protestant Churches. . W e may. indeed, conscientiously believe that these forms are capable of sucb an.) explanation as may reconcile them; with truth and Scripture. It may also be said that, having been for several ages com paratively unproductive of evil, and generally fallen into disuse, they were disregarded and considefed obsolete by those who accepted the Prayer Book aa embodying, mth the exception of these forms, devotional services eminently scriptural, and in their general teaching completely opposed to Bomish errors. But however correct may be the inter pretation put upon these forms by Evan gelical ministers, the fact is still certain that, in the judgment. of verymany un- prejudiced members of the Church, they do in their plain and literal meaning in culcate Bomanism, and powerfully influ ence clergymen and others to adopt Bomish doctrines and practices. The position, therefore, and responsibility of Evangelical ministers in the present con dition of : the Church are completely changed by the evidence from fact and reason— first, that the increase of Boman ism is greatly promoted by the accep- tance of the Bomish forms by Evangelical ministers; and second, that as long us these forms are received and observed without remonstrance, the progress of Bomanism is unavoidable, and incapable of being repressed. It is in vain to affirm that none of the forms of the Prayer Book can justly. 'be charged with inculcating Bomanism, in the face of present experience, past his tory, and the general conviction, of Protestants. Indeed, the attempts to deny and explain away the Bomish ten dency of these ordinances, and to repre sent them as agreeing with Evangelical doctrine, tend to weaken the credit of .Evangelical ministers,, and to injure the confidence of the people in, their judg ment or sincerity. It is mournful ;.;to think how many godly members of the Church of England are led to fear that ' unwillingness to confess the Eom'ish tendency of these forms, and to seek for their alteration or removal, proceeds from personal or professional influences and motives. The almost universal feeling of pious members of the Nonconformist Churches is one of deep sorrow for the present position of Evangelical clergymen, mixed with wonder how they can in silence assent to and profess to observe pfescrip- tions and forms, in their judgments un- deniably Bomish, and certain, if uph.eld and continued, to undermine and destroj the Established Church. The continuance of the present inaction can only lead to the further increase of Bomanism, spreading through the Church until it become predominant among, the Biabops, in the Universities, and in Con- VQcation. Not satisfied with the . per- mission.to adopt Bomish forms, andieaph Bomish doctrines, in their own churches, the Bomanising clergy will labour to im pose them upon all ministers, as prescribed by the forms of the Prayer Book. ; This is now avowed as their ultimate design. The pious Evangelical laity, free from ministerial engagements, audi seeking their own I spiritual welfare and the in struction of their, children in the;doctrines ofthe. Gospe!, will, naturally bo estranged, aUd jdepart from; a. communiou. , in wftch , Bomanism is iiacknowiedged and , .es.tab- jHshedii and Bomish worship , carried; out in .tho ! churches. The inevitable, result, in .England and that which is already . contem- .pla,: and ; even desired by the .extreme ' Bomanists, must be the dissolutio n off the j EstabliBhed; , Church. When the\ public ! mind, . becomes, .fully, convinced, that | Bomanismr iB:i not only, inculcated .jand | practised by clergymen, but that.iit isl legally, tolerated as ; in agreement , with S; Church principles, the universal, Protest- 1? .ant . feeling of the people will demand , its | ; dissolution as a national establishment. | ; 'I To compel by law the members -of'thei Church of England to acknowledge , and | admit the Priesthood of the Church of| Bome, and to repudiate and excomm.uni- 1 cate. all Protestant Ministers and ,Cljuc- 1 ches, is nothing less than by legal enact | ments to sanction Bomanism, andto.com | pel the Established Church to contiauo | separate from the other Evangelical, Opm | .miiuions, iu direct violation of thij ispjrit | ofthe. Gospel and the prayer of our Lord | . that ail His people may be one. ,, , j | , : How can the Divine blessing .bq,, ex | pected where such grievous evils rare | assented to and upheld ? May notjthe | increase of Bomanism be the ponsequence | and penalty ot so long retaining Boinisli rules and forms ? 1 The Church Of BagflandSy- 1 nod— The extraordinary sossiou oi idyu"" hai ueen passing, an ordinanoe whi.)h;,ia ioj p tended to take the place of the " Ol nr.o'.i Act, || ; which the Parliament is to be asked .o repc | It was obvious that the " Ohuroh Act " | in many respects obsolete and' inapplioabl beinig a provieion for old times of State aid, ti eu that it does not even provide at all for uay B' ipendto be paid to the minis ler. We a'® S sorry to see that in one point at least, theinc 0 draft provisions are anything bat an icnprov® TriptPfld of the" thrt at the" earl TeatTV hoMerfl of eittinge, P8y'»K® mnrlia vesr to the eupport of a chnrcbi Bball ' .slfict chnrchwsrdenfl and decide the Balanea nthM eineDsefl ; the draft ordinsncegiveB , SiVX r.!! »bo oariBbionerB. No one can tell -what ib a ' nflrishioner, nor how many attendances make one an attendant— attendants at never contribute; and here ie a fine field for factions elements at the veetr»eB,_ ooteiderB ' Bwainping the legitimate congregationB ; and SZ ®to gS. notbing o«P. their votes or voicea, the expenditure of the Crassej- Telegram eeys that our returned frcm Graese, where she had been Miourning for some time. See now how KatoTy repeats itself. How many centuriee have psBBcd away since at returned from graes. Of course the fipal e is nothing in aneh ancient documents in dead languaies. NevertbelcBS our modern sover. eijfrftained even at QraBS her humane an" noble nature, and contracted nothing of Nebucbadnezzar's "head of beast. God Cl0St»H has been estimated that the recent Australian strikes cost the colomes over one million and a quarter iterling. The loss of labour in yiotoria, New South JleB, and South Aoetralia is reckoned at ,909,000, to trade at £305,000, and to the State w maintenance of military md police, and in loBB of wharfage and Cnatoms dues, at £30.000. g xt- -i xominal Power, —An authority on Bucb matlerBsaye " Within her own power, nithout conBuIting Parliament, the Queen can disband the army ; dismiss all the officers, from the General Commanding- in-Chief downwards; dismiss all the sailors ; sell off ships of war and naval stores ; make a peace by the eacrifice of Cornwall, and begin a war for the conquest of Brittany ; make every citizen in the United Kingdom, male or female, a peer; make every parish in the United Kingdom a "university," dismisa mcst of the civil servants; pardon - all offenders, snd she can do a greet many other ; things of similar character," And yet there '? are people in "Free Australia" who would move heaven and earth in order to have a ' federation of the colonies " under trie Crown." CredenceTaWe.— The " Credei za," or " credence," was a side-table on which a c portioh of the viands, generally cold, were placed, to as to lie ready when their turn came to be prnsuropd. The some t, rm ia etill applied' to the tables nsed — when Mass is celebrated in Bomish (and Rilnalistic) ® churches — to hold the sacramental: elements, t' altbongb one of their uses, indicated by the old name of Tasting (or Testing), Table is > now in abeyance. We yet, however, some times, hear of poison— over which Transnb- ' Btantiation baa no power— being found In the ' SBcramentBl wine administered in Bomish !' ohnrohes. Tbe Pope tbrown down.— At the terrific explosion of tbe powder stored in Brime close to the Vatican BaBil'oa, the con- cnssion of tbe air was so powerful as to pros- trate Pope Leo XIII, who was in iLe act of f :' Baying Mass at the altar. ' " Oh ! What a fall was there my Countrymen." ' In tbe olden times snperstition would have interwoven therewith dread prophesies of " calamities to the nations. If we were super- ' BtitioDs we shoold perhaps conjnre np an ' angnry of the final doom of that abominable ' tyranny of which Leo is Pontifix Maximus. " Babyl'in is fallen, is fallen : " said no doubt of that Empire pagan from whose high Priests Leo derived his title and office. One a has fallen, the other remains to be destroyed. We are glad to record that Leo himself was j not much hurt and socn recovered tbe abock. ' It is the system, not the man, to which we wish evil. Some most valuable painted glare J/ windows in the Vatican were destroyed. But I what were the Soapulers ; and the B. V. M. doing. This kind of accident is the very thing which oannot hurt their votaries. Free Education.— Mr. Gosohsn i has need his surplns wisely, altbongb £400,000 will go but a small way towards tbe attain ment of Free Edncation in an English popula tion. Even here in Austrnlia we have not been able to reach this goal, althongh it was ; one of the points advocated by the League iu their agitation for Instrnotion — Secular, Com pulsory and Free. The other points have Men attained here, and the fees became so low, . Mat virtually they were accepted as free. In England the immense multitude of children of the School age, makes free edncation a formidable financial difiionlty. Mr. Goschen makes a beginning. We are glad to see that what we so often advocated in the jProtesiant Standard is now taking poeseBsion of the minds of English people— the necessity of State control over private and denominational schools. All who teach the people ought to be responsible to the State for their own competence, for the wbolesomenesa and loyalty of their teaching, and for the resnlt. The 'opposition and a portion of the MinisterialistB are now taking up this, , Parnell and tbe Priests.— In the mellifluent language of the the pat- riotB, it Was the excnee' for past failnreB, that tbe flnccesB of the rebel cause depended, on . its . _ " baptised ill the holy well." The ' as thatitwonld insure failure if the Church of Bome, bishops and priests, had , cohtroliingii influence over all. In this Parnellite attempt, all along, wo aee the. constant and anccessful effort of these to head the organisation, rnnning the risk of disobeying their spiiitnal head. Now how- 7»o' ' they - have taken the Justin fllOarlhy aide in they fray, Mr. Parneli do-. I nonnces them alt as the enemies of Ireland ; and alleges that he wonld prefer the rnle of Balfour " for seven yeare, to the tyranny of the priests for seven. days I Now why did he not say the same a year ago, or more ? We ara qnfte of that opinion Balfour's rnle has bren jnet, and right. No one who kept the ; peace ever anffered by him. The priests have been crnel and devilish in the seoret working of the Inagne, and went ever beyond the leagne. Many beads have yet to be broken before the next general election is over in Ireland, and even in England. Bat Home Bnle ia dead. Torpedoes and Ironclad8.T- The destrnctioD of tbe great steal plated Chilian warship, will moat likely make the Governments of tbe world more chary of incnrring tbe expense of bnilding snch big line of battle ships. In this case it was torpedo boats versus iron- clad ; and the torpedo boats sunk their opponents by two Whitehead sbells thrown from on English bnlit boat. Messrs; Reid and Barton.— Have had fine field days, and have said strong things. Meanwhile the only person who seems really euthuslastic abont federation is Sir Henry Parhes. The whole would be certainly as dead as Cmsar, as Sir John Bohertson says it is, if any donbt ia allowed to rest on tbe immediate following of Inter colonial free trade. There conid not be cnstom houses stocking the traffic In the same territory. ThurleS Cats; — Thnrles is the locus of the recent royal fight between the so-called Nationalists of tbe Parnoll and tbe Juslin-Macarthy factions. Tburies IB a chief town, perhaps the chief town of the County of Tipperary, for the town of Tipperary is much inferior to it. We passed a day and a night there somo forty yesrs ago ; and at that time it wae a peacefol flonrlBhiner place, famona for plenty. Now it rivals Kilkenny for the internecine combats of its Nationalist "Cats." Never did Paddy whack the beade of Orangemen, or Policemen, with snob vengeance as he did bis brother Mick that day at Thnrles. Tbe broken beads were terribly nnmerous, and fierce ; and while homo rnler brained homo rnlor, whom should they call in to prevent the completion of the murders, but actually ihe polire itMelfl! When Mr. Gladstone mxt alludes to tbe police in bis party words "remember Mitub- ellsiown" let him bear the rejoinder "re member Tburies." Only for them police few of tbe boys wculd have survived the en- connter. 