%ht gtog-liller. THE AVENGING HAND. A SERIES OF THRILLING DETECTIVE STORIES, THE MAN WITHOUT A HEAD. CHAPTER I. WHAT WAS lOCND IN T1IE EUIN. By SRA GILBEBT E. CAMPBELL, Bart. Author of "The Mystery of Mandeville Square," " A Wave of Brain Power," &c;,, It was some hours since the night had fallen over a wild, dreaiy-looking portion of the marsh land uixm the Essex bank of the Thames. All was wet, muddy, and dreary. The coarse grass which grew in rare patches assumed a ludeous hue beneath the rays _ of the moon, which shone forth occasionally from between the rain-laden clouds. The whole surface of the marsh, intersected by narrow canals filled with muddy ooze, whilst here and there the rotting timbers of bridges and sluicegates stuck out from the mire like the bones of some dead and gone giant, brought, suddenly to light by a convulsion of nature. Not a tree w;is to be seen, and there was nothing to brvak the monotony of tin- wide extent of marsh save a half-ruined building, which rose gaunt and ghost-like s-ome half a mile further on. It was situated on the edge of a narrow creek, whjch ran from the great river, the course of which was marked by a long, sinuous bank of mist, which rose from its rapidly flowing waters. On the side next the land the dismantled building was surrounded by a tall board fence, but in several places many portions of the paling ;had [fallen, leaving great gaps which shone on the weather-beaten walls and the apertures in them, from which sash and gtass had l»t-eu torn away. A chilly rain was falling, and the whole night was not such a one as to induce any one to brave its inclemency who had a comfortable home and a warm fireside before which he could take hLs case. Such inducements, however, appeared to have, but little weight with a- lithe and active figure which was making its way through the marshy ground with as much S]M*HI as the jiature of the -soil would allow. The figure was that of a mail some two and forty years of age, clad in a long ulster, whilst a cap of the sane material as the coat, with long earHaiw, was fastened underneath his ehiu. He walked with a quick, springy step, and cleared the numerous cuttings which barred his progress with a run and a jump, which showed that he was possessed of ]Kidcstriau powers of no mean order. His features, as far as the cap he wore would permit of their being seen, were full of intelligence; his cleauly .shaved upper lip showed a good expressive moutli, with lines indicative of a strong will about it, whilst his dark, grey eyes j leered round as if to take in every one of his .surroundings with the rapidity of an instantaneous photograph. He bore a stout black thom walking- stick in his right hand, and seemed otherwise unarmed, though a close search might have shown the existence of a bulldog revolver lurking in his breast pocket, and ready to hand should occasion require him to make use of it. Any 1 one who was at all acquainted with the stirring dramas of Scotland Yard, or tlm terrible ! tragedies -of the Central Criminal Court, would have recognised in the solitary wanderer on the Essex marsh, Insjwsctor WhitehilJ, one of the most astute detectives of the day, whose name, had figured iti more than one cauar eUdtirc. The reason for his presence upon this j lonely spot was that information had been i received that an organized system of tobacco smuggling had been for some time carried on \ along the river banks, and that the ruined : factory which Whitehill was approaching bad been mentioned as one of the probable depots j of the contraband trade. Although he knew • that he would have desperate uaen to deal with, the detective had prefered to start upon Irs mission alone, trusting to his own sagacity to extricate him from any perilous position into winch he might fall. The mist from the river uow began to roll up with increased volume, wrapping everything in its clammy embrace, and forcing Whitehill to move with more caution, test he should fall into one of the numerous cuttings, tram which he might find it exceedingly difficult to extraeate himself. All at once a faint lugubrious howl was lieard—a wild, weird sound, which caused the detective to come to a sudden halt, aud glance around him uneasily. " If," naivt-ererl he, " I was with my old regiment in tiie Saucor district, I should know well enough what that cry meant; but here, in England, the idea is too absurd." 1 l.e was about to proceed on his way when the t-ame stiange cry was heaid, seeming to proceed from the cloud of mist which veiled the river. "That is tlie howl of a tiger or panther," said_ the detective, decisively. " Where on earth can the brute lie? Tut!—tut ! -what a fool you are, John Whitehill. Of course the i f""™ 1 may be oil board? some houieward- ! ,1u,md v<£sel which is making its way up cream. _ Fancy boggling for a moment ov such a simple problem !" and with an impatient gesture the detective once more made his way towavds the ruined factory. He had not, however, gone more than a couple of hundred j 3 "ids when he stopped suddenly, for hLs keen i ear hswl caught the plash of oars not very far ] ahead of him. Heedless of tlie uncertain I . nature of the ground, the detective started { at rul ' i , darted through one of the { : apertures of the fence, and reached the little : creek by the side of the ruined factory. He I was, however, too late, for he only arrived ; there in time to see a boat with several men in ! it, whose figures were strangely distorted by • the light, pull rapidly out into the nver, where ! they were lost to sight as suddenly as if the boat and its freight had sunk to the bottom of the muddy waters. "The rogues have been after 110 good," muttered Whitehill. "Perhaps after all it was better that I did not come across them ; the odds were decidedly against me, and even my little friend lien-, tapping his breast pocket as he spoke, "might not have brought 11m oft" scatiiie-s.'' The dctective now turned his attention to j tlie ruined factory, and drawing a small ! lantern from his pueket lighted it, and pro- ! ix-eded to take a leisurely survey of the : premises. These had evidently been disused j foi- a long period, tlie doors had all been removed, and such portion of the flooring which still !•• - :-:ned was covered with a thick c-oatiug of c . One glance was sufficient to show Whiu-iiilt that no one had recently entered the building, otherwise their footprints would have been easily noticeable. Hi therefore turned his attention to the exterior, I and^ began to make a circuit of the house, Very soon in an angle, of the fence he perceived a light- coloured object, upon which he directed the rays of his lantern. As he came up to the sjiot he saw that it was a sack, and not an empty one either. He passed his hand over it. and as he did so started back with a stifled exclamation, then placing his lantern 011 the ground, drew a penknife from his jweket, and cutting away the string with j which the mouth of the sack was siicured ; turned down the edge;. A tremor con- ' vulsf d tho iron nerve of tbe detective as ho. j perceived that the sack contained a human I body, which had evidently been thrust into ! the r.veptacle with some degree of violence, and whnt added to the horror of the discovery was that the head was missing, it having 1 been inartistically severed from the body by some heavy implement, sucu as a meat chopper or a billhook. The corpse was white and bi.nu hed. as though the blood had been drained from it, and the chest and back were seamed with deep scratches evidently inflicted with some curved weapon with a very sharp point. The mutilated body, with the moonlight injuring down ujjon it, presented an _ inexpressibly ghastly spectacle, and Whitehill could not refrain from glancing uneasily over his shoulder as though he e.\\]»eeted to see tlie missing head lurched upon tiie top of the fence and glancing down upon him. No such terrible sight, however, met his eyes, aud after a few moments' reflection, he drew the sack over the naked body, and maldng his way down to the water's edge whistled three times in a jjeculiar key, swinging his lantern backwards and forwards and then placing it upon the bank. In about ten minutes the sound of oars was heard, and a liolice galley pulled up to the spot. A few words from Whitehill explained how matters stood, and two of the crew landed and aided him to place his ghastly discovery on board, and then at a signal from the officer in charge, tbe men bent to their oars and rowed swiftly up frtream through the dark mist and falling rain. | •j ! ' ! . J CHAPTER II. COXIlKSIJTKD. Home distance beyond that gigantic network of docks whii-h stretchesformanymilesdown the river there is a collection of squalid dwellings, entirely tenanted by those who make their living along tlie hanks of tlie Thames. A lough and ready population, not remarkable either for sobriety or honesty, and who if they do make a haul, in the .shape of a boat which lias gone ad lift, or a floating corpse with money in its jwckcts, keep up a constant carnival as long as the coin lasts. O11 the «.utskir(«of tho iittle.'suburb inhabited by this n-eUrs, population ^food a bouse whieh sti!! bit sign" of having Liven the ri'.e.r- eiae retrea t of some dead and "gone magnate. It was surrounded by si high stone wall,' with ' heavy entrance gates, the dwelling itself being ; almost invisible from ther road. A kind of i postern-gate opened on to a half-mined jetty, ; eftill, however, in s--.ifiiciently good crd'er to j permit of goods being disembarked from ! fighters. For many years ihe house had ' remained unoccupied, but it ha»-i ree-estly been j taken by a foreigner,- a Polish" Jew. who gave j the name of Moise Slavo-:ki, ! Mid whose ; ostensible occupation was that of a dealer in j foreign birds and beasts. j Siavoski was a little rural, but evidently i endowed with muscles of iron. His small blue j eyes had a metallic glitter in them, baqwaking i a power over the animal kingdom which he doubtless found of inestimable service in his profession ; the fingers of the huge hands, the backs of which were covered with coarse red hair, liad a knack of twisting and twining together when he became excited, though his voice never rose above the soft tones which seemed inseparable from it. The house he had taken had for some years been used as a private lunatic asylum, but a terrible tragedy which had occurred within the walls had caused it to be shut up, and it had remained untenanted for many years before the dealer in wild beasts had rented it. Many of the doors were double, tiie window's were all of them heavily _ grated, and a small courtyard into which tlie great dining-room opened was covered with a network of iron bars, stretching from wall to wall, and supported in the centre by three massive masonry pillars. The gloomy look which these precautions imparted to the house, and which might have been objected to by any other tenant, were evidently objects. of congratulation to Slavoski, as being useful to him in his peculiar line of business. The dealer in savage animals had not a very large stock on view. Several melancholylooking baboons sat listlessly in cages placed along the wall of the dining-room, two or three pythons in a long shallow box slumbered so peacefully amidst their bankets that they might have been taken for stuffed specimens ot their kind, whilst a doleful-looking pelican and a couple of ]>ensive storks strode about with the air o£ friends of the family who were permitted to have the run of the place. The only specimen which appeared to be of any value was a magnificent black panther, which lived in a rough but strong cage in the courtyard, and upon whom Slavoski lavished manytokens of affection. The animal seemed to appreciate these, and at a word from her ir aster would sidle up to the bars of the cage and purr like a gigautic cat; to all other visitors, however, she manifested the unconquerable ferocity of her race. Many strange-looking men of foreign extraction, doubtless dealers in wild beasts, or perhaps only their agents, were in the Iiabit of visiting Slavoski, and sometimes remained with him for a oay or two. They wore, however, all of them sombre, taciturn men, and what happened inside the house was a sealed book to those dwelling in the neighbourhood. The day before Whitehall had made his .terrible discovery in the ruined factory Slavoski and .several of hLs associates were seated at a table in the centre of the diningltjoiu. There were, however, no signs of ;<.'onvivia.lity, for no bottles or glasses were ; visiblc upon the table, and though some of the company smoked cigarettes it was •evidently more from custom than from any pleasure they found in the fragrant weed. Every now and then a gust of wind, as it swept up the river, would tear savagely at the window shutters, then the panther in the ! .courtyard would utter a lugubrious howl, the j baboons would chatter, and the 6tork and | pehein flap their wmgs uneasily. Sdencehad i J or fiome tmle reigned amongst the little J ,al and then ^ Moise Slavoski, rising to his j addressed bis companions, emphasizing xrords w,ttl m a - n y strange twists of his j muscular hands. • i "Brethren," said ho, "you have been summoned <>;i a business of the utmost import- ! ance. As you arc. aware we are all actuated : by the same motive, that of restoring and ^giving freedom to the great Muscovite Empire, jswecping awa v the tyrant, and making all men I five and equal. To do that we hesitate at -nothing, and the midnight knife and the explosive bomb are looked on by us as legiti- '. mate means of warfare. Despots within their strongholds, and surrounded by their guards, tremble before us, for the terror of the • junknown is upon them. Many are the perils i we have to guard against, and I say it with j shame, the greatest of these is treachery amousr ourselves. " What 1" interrupted a slightly-made native of Poland, •with a fair and almost seraphic face, "have we a traitor amongst us, President? If so let me deal with him," and as he did so his hand glided^ into, his breast as though in •search of some hidden weapon. "Softly, Vladaiaier,"answeredtbePresident, "s-fily, and you shall hear all. You know that it was 1 who organized the idea of the wild beast business, and found out this sequestered dwelling, where we could meet in security. Look around, my brethren, now, and tell rnc who is absent.." i " <Juisep)>6 Malatesta," was the answer, in l\lf a dozen different voices. ' Yes, Ciuiseppe- Malatesta, the Nihilist delegate from Naples, is the traitor; he has denounced our Society and its meetings to the authorities of Scotland Yard." An angry murmur broke from the assembled company, and there was a general uprising jfoni the table, whilst uneasy glances were fcast around. Moise Slavoski waved his hand reassuringly. " There is no occasion for alarm at present. Providence watches over us. The official to whom Guiseppe Malatesta made his revelation is that member of our Society whose real name is known to me alone, but whoji 3-ou designate as ' ' " "We arc safe for the present, then," remarked a stalwart member of the Society, whose home was at Nishni Novogord, but who had recently escaped from the terrible lead mines of Siberia, "but there must be no vacillation—the traitor must be cut oflf from amongst us." "The man I have accused will be here in five minutes," answered the President. "Do you, Paulovitcli, and you, Kouzma, station yourselves on each side of the door, and pinion bim as he enters; then let him' be beard, and if he is found guilty, then" " He shall never quit the room alive," broke in tiie young man, fiercely. "Hush!" returned the President; "leave all to me. 3f we find that rcy accusation is just let us cast him out of our brotherhood, and bid him depart from amongst us. Let him pass through yonder door, and never attempt for the future to associate with patriots and men of honour." As Slavoski uttered these concluding words he crossed the room, and laying hold of a chain which passed through a. hole in the wall drew it forcibly towards him. " I understand," said the man from the Siberian _ mines, looking around him with a grim smile. " It is better so ; I do not mind stabbing a tyrant, but such carrion as a traitor would sully my dagger." " He comes," shouted the President; " Kouzma, Paulovitcli, make sure of him." The two men nodded, and as the door opened leaped upon the visitor, wiio, taken by surprise, was unable to offer any resistance. " What is the meaning of this," cried lie, glaring :iround him. " An; we here to play practical jokes." "We have met to punish a traitor. Malatesta," answered the President, looking keenly at him. " Well," returned the last comer, -'what has that to do with me V" "Much," returned Slavoski, coldlv, " for you, Guiseppe Malatesta, are the vile'thing I have just named. Do you dare to deny it? Here," and as he spoke he dashed a bundle of papers on the table, "are the names of the members of our Society, the minutes of their meetings, and various other particulars all in y°ur handwriting, and sent by you to Scotland Yard." A livul hue spread over the Italian's swarthy cheeks. "How—how," stammered he, "did you obtain them "Easily enough," answered the President. "Poor fool; did you think so meanly of us as to imagine wc should take no precautions, and that, we have not agents in every class of society. Tiie man to whom you thought you were betraying our secrets was an affiliated member of the Central Committee, and is known as For a moment the Italian trembled, then casting aside his fear by u sudden effort, lie exclaimed— "I confess all, I have played a bold game, my life against revenge; I have lost and must pay up. Do not, however, think I am the cowardly cur who sells his comrades for gold. I had a more powerful incentive to act as I have done; but then what use in talking. Let vonr butchers do their work." "We are ready to hear all you have to say," replied the President, mildly, "and will not condemn you even on your own confession." " Listen then," said the Italian," it was not many years ago since I was the happiest Of men , possessing as I fondly thought the love of a fair young wife. A wealthy stranger saw her and tempted her away from me. I tracked them to Mo»cow, but there I lost all trace of the fugitive. I had spent all my money and had to seek for work. I saw the poverty and misery of the Russian people, I had many acquaintances amongst the socialists of my native : land. I managed to get introduced to the Nihilists, showed what I could do for them, became an affiliated member of their society, and was sent to England to aid in the great work of regeneration." He paused for a few moments and gasiied for breath, as though his emotions were choking him. " said tlie lVsid •.-lit, in the same bland accents. " When I v.as intro-iuced t-o the head of the s<«-;efy here." resumed ihe T*al:ai»_ "what was i::y In in r to lint: myself in the pr^-'enee the seducer of my wife. You, Mcise Slavoski, were the villain, though you hav< ! another anil a nobler name, which you bore when j'ou tempted that poor girl to destruction. I did not stab you to the heart, for that would have been but a poor revtnee, but from that Hiomtint I had cast to the winds all the Vows of fidelity I had sworn, and swore to overwhelm you and your associates in 011c universal destruction. Now you know all and will soon sih-nce the lips which have striven to denounce you.?' " Brethren," said the President, the mu«cles of whose face had never moved -beneath this terrible revelation, " you have heard the accused. What is your verdict?" "Guilty !" was the unanimous reply. " Pass sentence." "Guiseppe Malatesta," said the President, "you hear the judgment- of your brethren. Truly do I confess that I have injured you, aud for that I humbly solicit forgiveness. ' But the great duties you had undertaken ' should have raised you far above the recollections. of such every day occurrences as 'you have pleaded as an excuse for your crime. : Still, however, we ate all human, and I will tike the risk of letting you escape the penalty you have so justly incurred. Brethren, this, conclave of the sons of freedom is dissolved: let us exchange the grip of friendship and depart, never to know each other again unless our duties call upon us to do so, never to recall each others' names, and never to look upon each others' faces with the gaze of recognition. Let- us jiass each other by as utter strangers until the blow is to be given, and' then let us unite together again with the " sharpened daggec eLasped hi the ready hand. Brethren, the conclave is dissolved, let each 'member seek security in the way best known to himself; but, as for you, Guiseppe Malaiesta, perjured associate of a noble work, I as the mouthpiece of the society ytou have disgraced, cast you out from it, ana declare that you are unfit to associate with any men to whom a sacred oath is a binding obligation. Go forth from amongst us, and remember that ; though you take 3'our life with 3*ou, you leave 'behind you that honour which iB dearer to every right-minded man than mere existence. Yonder is the door," continued the President, pointing to an entrance in the other side of the room; "pass through it,-and never let us see your foresworn face again." Tho convicted prisoner staggered as thousrh 'he had not expected this sudden withdrawal from the jxirtals of death. "What—you let me go free2"stammered he. " Yes, free," answered the President. " Brethren, release his hands. I myself will undo the door by which the creature who has been adjudged to be an unfit associate for honest men _ may make his exit. Go forth, none of us will lay a finger upon you, and if you reach home in safety to-night, you may congratulate yourself, and say. that heaven frowns on our endeavours to free our country." He moved towards the door as he spoke, and laid his hand upon the heavy bolt which kept it closed. As if by common consent tne members of the conclave hastily crowded to'the other side of the table, as though to place it as •a barrier between themselves aud some unseen danger. Guiseppe Malatesta moved with uncertain steps across the room. "Free!" muttered hfe "free, and revenge still left open to me. Merciful Providence, I thank thee." "Go forth," repeated the President once more, "go forth, and if you reach home tonight in safety you are blessed and we are accursed." With some degree of violence he thrust him throutrh the doorway and closed the strong barrier between them. Moise Slayoski never moved from the door, and with awestruck faces the rest of the society gathered round him. All at once a shrill shriek broke in upon the silence, and a cry of " Cowards, is this your promised free- •dom ?" Then there was a tramping to and fro of persons engaged in deadly conflict, the panting of a man mingled with the hoarse growling of a savage beast, then a silence, only broken by faint groans anda purring sound such as might have emanated from some gigantic cat. "It is over," said Moise, wiping away the cold beads of perspiration that had gatliered on his brow, "and we are safe.' 1 ' " And what is to become of the body ; surely that will betray us demanded the man from Nishni Novogorid. "As soon as night falls we will ferry it across the river," returned the President. " I know a place where it may not be found for months." "Yes, and then it will be recognised," objected the young Pole, who had been first to advocate the murder. "I will arrange for that," answered Moise, and going to a cupboard he took from it a •whip with a heavy loaded handle, and a chopj>er. _ He threw open the door, closed it behind him, and stepped out into the yard. There was a whistling sound as of a whip sweeping through the air, the savage snarl of a wild beast, and the voice of a man was heard in tones of abjuration. Then came the dull and heavy noise of blows struck upon some soft substance, and in a few minutes Moise appeared in the doorway, his hands spottei -with blood, and his face and garments flecked with the same crimson hue. "It is all safe," «aid he, "come into the yard." With pale faces and trembling limbs the members of the conclave followed. t " My God," exclaimed the man from Nishni Novogord, stooping over a dark mass which lay in one corner of the yard, " you have taken it off. What do you intend to do with it?" "This," answered the President, and lifting up a globular object from the ground he thrust it beneath the bars of the cage in which the panther was moving restlessly to and fro. With a dull roar the wild beast darted upon the object thus thrown to it, and grasping it between his forepaws began to attack it with tooth and claw. A hideous sound of crackling bone followed, which brought a sinister smile to the face of Moise Slavoski. " The panther," eaid he, "is the safe repository of all our secrets.". CHAPTER III. ; _ THE PATCH IN THE BACK. Tbe hideous discovery of the mutilated body was the special feature of all the morning papers, and many were the sagacious surmises put forth by the editors. No one came forward to identify the deceased man, and all that the medical evidence could assert was that the unhappy man had met his death from a heavy blow which had fractured the spinal column, and which appeared to have been inflicted by the pounce of one of the larger beasts of prey, such as a lion or tiger, and this was norne out by several severe scratches being visible upon tne hip and shoulders, There were, however, no marks or bites, and the head had been entirely severed from the body by means of a rather blunt instrument welded by an unpractised hand. Whitehill had thrown himself into the search with all the energy of his nature. When he gazed upon the mangled remains, a kind of feeling came over him that the form was not unfamiliar to him. but beyond this his memory would not go. Many whose friends or relatives had disapjieared came to view the body, but no one : had succeeded in identifying it. One clue, ! however, remained in the detective's hands, ; and this he thought would lead him to ; the discovery of the perpetrator of the crime, j The sack into which the body had been thrust j was evidently one which at some period had '•tcu used for flour, and the initials of a firm , together with the name of a town in Essex was j marked upon it. These, however, would not : have been of much service had it not been for i somethmcr which marked out the sack from I other receptacles, and that was that on one side { of it there was a long tear, which had been ' carefully ]>atched by a piece ot sacking of some | utterly differeut material. Without any unnecessary delay, Whitehill journeyed down to Essex, and soon found the coram ill, the initials of the owner of which were legibly imprinted on the sack. Mr. Flamerton, the manager, had of coursa, read_ of the terrible discovery, and was willing to give his utmost aid, but when the det-ectivc mentioned hLs errand he shook his head doubtfully. " Wc send out thousands of sacks every year," said he, "and though 1 can give you a list of all our customers, I fear that will not aid you much." " But there is a mark where the sack has been mended," urged WhitehilL "Will not that help ?" " We never send out patched sacks," replied Mr. Flamerton, with an air of some dignity, " but I tell you what 1 can do for you. I will send for Job Potter, who has been for years in the service of the firm as a carman, if anybody can help you he is the man." In a few moments a shrewd-looking old man appeared in the office and made a rough bow to his master and the visitor. "Job," said Mr. Flamerton, "this gentleman has come from Scotland Yard regarding the headless body which was found on the marshes. It appears that it was in one of our sacks, do you think that it will afford any clue?" Job scratched his head reflectively. "A many of our sacks never comes back to us, sir," remarked he, "and one sack is as much like another as two peas,. they aint numbered you know; but, blarm their impidence for a putting corpses into our bags." "This eack had a tear in it nearly eicrht inches long," said Whitehill. " which had been mended with some material of a darker aud finer texture, does that help you?" " We don't send out mended sacks, sir," answered Job, unconsciously almost using the same words as his master, " but —eh, why blarm me, if it don't all come back to me. I don't know nothing of mte.hed sacks, but I <;o know of one wot was torn, and that not a month ago."' "Indeed," returned Whitehill "suppose you tell me all about it, " " Lor bless you, mister, their aint much to toll," answered tbe carman. " I took a lot of flour t-o Binks the .baker, in Witham-street, | * Lumhouse. He's a rough and ready sort of • chsp, aud he and' his men managed to tear one 1 of the sacks when they was a. taking it down, j 'There, mister,'sez I, 'don't you be a trymg j to give us that sack back agin, for we won't ! have it,' wji I. 'You're precious particular i about your blooming sacks,' sez he, 'look at j the wasle all over tlie pavement.' So, mister, | perhaps Binks might tell you Ebmething, s th J mind yer, I don't say as'how it were the i same sack." j The detective thanked Mr. Flamerton, ] tossed the carman a shilling, and after taking j down Binks's address started off afresh oh his • mission. He easily found Witham-street, but ! the proprietor of the shop was not disposed to _ j be very communicative, until he lieard that * : the enquiry was made with reference to the mysterious murder. In common with most ! uneducated people, the deed of blood had a j strange fascination for him, and he at once told j all he knew. j "I recollect it well enough," eaid.be, "and : a blooming lot of flour I lost. The sack wasn't ! 110 good to me, and I gave it to our boy Tom. j I sdit him about his business a week ago, the 1 lazy young varmint. But you'll easy find him, j hir- father and mother keep a coal and potato j shed in Sand-street, not two hundred yards 1 away. I dare say it is the old man wot has j b( en cut up. He and the missus was always a jawing, and as for Tom he was always np to every devilment. Why I sent him off : for" Not waiting to hear the recital of Tom's i delinquencies, the detective hurried away to ! Sand-street, and found the proprietor of the I coal and potato business calmly smoking his ; pipe, in front of the establishment. He was ; very" communicative, whicli may have been attributable to his having just taken his third moderate refresher. "It's all right, guv'nor," said he. "Tom brought home the sack from that old skinflint Binks, and the missus mended it up the best she could. We didn't put -no bodies into it howsomever, but filled it with good mealy potatoes, which we sold to a real gent, tho' he is a furineer. He asked to be allowed to keep the sack, which he did. and giv me a shillin for it." "And what might be the gentleman's name," asked Whitehill, wondering: through : how many more hands the sack would pass." J "Hanged if I-can can pronounce such a jaw- • breaker," answered the eoal merchant, "but j I've a got it down on a bit of paper." And I going to a rough desk he produced an envelope : upon which was written in a fairly legible j hand, " Moise Slavoski, importer of foreign : birds and beasts. Cutters'Reach." ! As the detective read these words a ghastly I pallor spread over his face, and had he uoi; ! caught hold of one of the bins he would have fallen to the ground. The address bad made j all clear to him. j "My God," muttered he between his | clenched teeth. "It is Guiseppe." Hardly thanking the coal vendor, who j stared after him with looks of surprise and j wonder, be made the best of his way to his | lodgings, a sickening feeling of horror gnawing ; at his heart. When he was alone he thought ; over the future long aud earnestly. He was in i a perilous position. Long ago, before he i liad enlisted, he had been induced to join a ; Nihilist Society, and though for many years he ! had heard nothing of his brotherhood, yet ! recently he had been brought into contact with . them, and under the head of No. 345) was cog- ; nizant of the meetings in the house at Cutters' j Reach, though he never personally attended ; any of them. Guiseppe Malatesta, thinking : that he was addressing a mere official of Scot- ) land Yard, had confided to him the secrets of | the brotherhood, as well as his reasons for J turning traitor, and Whitehill often wondered I whether he -should steer 6afely through the . difficulties which foamed and raged around , liim. As he now eat musing his eye fell upon ' a letter placed upon the mantlepiece, which : must have arrived during one of his numerous : absences and escaj»ed his notice. He opened , it, and read the intimation of the closing of the , secret conclave. " There is but one chance," . muttered he, as he placed a revolver in his coat ]>oeket, and putting on a pea jacket and a soft felt hat started off for Cutters' Reach. CHAPTER IV. DESTEOYIKG THE CLUE. After some delay the door of the wild-beast dealer's house was opened by the owner, who gazed with much surprise at Ids visitor. " I did not expect to see you here, 349," remarked he. " You got my letter, I presume." "I have come on business," answered Whitehill, shortly. "Of course, but as I am m a huny be as brief as you can," returned Slavoski; "lam getting rid of my menagerie. See," he added, showing his powerful hands tinged with blood, " I have been cutting the birds throats, I have already shot tho baboonB, and I was just making a nice little medicated meal for the panther. I shall set fire to the place when dark comes on, and leave England for good." : "I shall change your plans I fear, "remarked Whitehill, "fori have come to arrest you for ! the murder ofGukeppe Malatesta." j They bad by this time entered the dining- ; room, ana as the detective uttered these : words Moise by a sudden movement closed tbe j ; door and drew a heavy bar acioss it. "Are you mad," growled he. "to talk thus? | You are as deep in it as I am. "Not so," returned Whitehill, "tlie poor j fellow told me all his sad stoiy, though I was i compelled to inform him of his denunciation, j j et pitied him and warned him not to go to his ! home again, intending to take measures for his j future safety. All is clear to me now. You, i the man who lias so deeply injured him, j decoyed him by some means within reach of the wild beast_ you are about to poison ; the creature slew him, and after drinking his life's blood was beaten off by you. The head was then severed and concealed, I know not where, and the body removed to the rained factory on the marshes" " If you want to know what has become of the head ask the black panther," broke tu Moise, with a brutal laugh." "Providence, however, willed that your guilty secret should be unveiled,", continued the detective, "and I have traced the sack iu which the body was placed to you, Moise Slavoski. You are my prisoner." " Fool," returned the dealer in wild beasts. " Are you not as deeply in the mess as I am ? Do you think my tongue will hesitate to denounce you ?" "I have weighed all chances and will take the risk," returned Whitehill. "Come, are you ready to go with me V" "Take me if you ean," retorted Moise savagely, "but I warn you that you are in deadly peril of leaving your bones here." And as he spoke he threw open the door leading to the yard, and pulled down the chain which opened the cage of the black panther. j " Whitehill never flinched. " Your ally will \ not help you V" said he with a slight sneer. " I suspected you might try and play a trick like this. Before coming I prepared a little sweet meat for the brute, and ere I knocked at your door dropped it into the cage from the top of the wall. The panther will never act as your instrument of murder again." " You play close," said Moise, grinding his | teeth. I "I play to win," answered the detective, ! calmly. | " Come," remarked Slavoski, after a short I pause. " I am a bon enfant after all. They j .'ay you have been a soldier. I will give you a • chance for your life. I shall kill you, but at any rate you will have the honour of crossing swords with a gentleman." He opened a drawer as he spoke, and drew from it a pair of cutlasses ground to the sharpness of a razor. "Take this." he continued, tossiugone as he spoke towards the detective, who without taking his eye from his adversary, stooped and picked it up. "Now, guard," said Moise, taking a step forward, and the two blades crossed with a dull grating sound. Whitehill's experience in a calvary regiment had made him a fair swordsman, bub after a few minutes' sword play he felt that he was in the presence of a master of the science. " I am lost," thought he, "if I permit hiui to keep me at arm's length," and acting u]xm this he stepj>ed forward and made a sweeping cut at his opponent's face. With the agility of an acrobat Slavoski dropped on one knee, the blow whistled harmlessly over his head, whilst his own point pricked Whitehill's chest sharply, causing him to recoil a pace. In an instant.SIavoski was on his feet ready to renew the conflict. "1 could have run you through the body then," remarked he calmly, "but I have nothing to do until dusk, aud may as well lenjrtben out my amusement." Feeling that he was lost, Whitehill again attacked, and this time succe«led in inflicting ! a slight wound on his adversary's shoulder. In S his lia.ste to regain his guard, however, his foot i slipped, and he fell to the ground, his weapon ' escaping from his grasp as he did so. i "Ah ! my friend," said Slavoski, "you are ! quicker than I thought; and so all the more ! dangerous. I fear I must put an end to vou." As ne spoke he drew back his arm, glancing . downwards for a vital spot into which to • plunge his weapon. Whitehill felt that death was very near, and • glanced around to see if no chance of escapa : was open to him. The sharp point quivered, ' as if about to descend, when he thought of the pistol in his breast. In an instant he had drawn it forth, and fired it point-blank at his intending murderer. The threatening steel fell from the murderer's hand, and without a cry Moise Slavoski staggered back a pace or two, and then fell heavily upon his face. Hardly believing in his safety, the detective rose to hi= feet and cautiously examined the prostrate man : the bullet, however, had sped tiue to the mark, and the blood-stained soul of M.ii-si Slavoski had gone to its account "Whitehill felt no remorse for the deed he ha l jus:, dor.c. " (rui.seppe Malatesta is avenged," muttered he, as he proceeded to examine the house. Not a st rap of paper of any kind was to lie found, ant: all the preparations for firing the house were completed. The storks and the pelicans with their heads severed from their bodies Jay a mere gorv heap of feathers in tho kitchen, the poor lmboons, looking pitiably human in death, were s;-"rohed upon their straw, cold and stiff, whilt: the black'Wnther, its spine contracted by the .'•••tion of strychnine, looked like a black mass in the deepening shadows of the evening. Whitehill hadlong ago i:i i 'le uj>hismind what to do. He set fire to the pii.^ of combustibles stowed in a dozen parts of '.lie house, then talcing possession of the boat' ii; i >red "alongside of the old jetty he pulled up suv "11 with the skill of a practised oarsman. Whe.i about a quarter of a mile off lie rested ou his oars and gazed at the fierce red glow, which had risenhigli in the air above the house of death. "I think I have done well," said he. as he again bent to biB oars. " I cannot blame myself for what I have done, aud thank heaven the clue is lost for ever!" THE END. Next Week, A complete story, entitled, BEEF TEA. 