MODERN SIGNS AND WONDERS. The Theosophical Society, which was founded in November, 1875, by Colonel Olcott and Madame Blavatsky, has grown to very con- siderable dimensions, and that in spite of fierce opposition from orthodox and heterodox alike. In 1875 it consisted of a little hand of compara- tively obscure folk in New York, to-day it has more than 300 branches in various parts of the world. Its platform has been modified more than once, it has sustained several heavy blows at the hands of those who were once amongst its members, yet its vitality is undeniable and its literature is assuming formidable proportions. Planted in New York it was transferred to India almost immediately, for there were to be found the Mahatmas, a secret brotherhood, who understood nature's forces and man's latent powers as no western savant ever did. These adepts received chelas, or pupils, who after a long and arduous probation might acquire the mysterious lore possessed by the Mahatmas themselves. Madame Blavatsky said she had spent seven years with the Mahatmas in Thibet. When she wrote they inspired her, for her they assumed Astral forms, and for her on occasion they reduced the particles of matter to fluid form, which travelled unseen and resumed its former shape when and where she would. In India the members of the Theosophical Society united with the Theosophical Society of the Arya Somaz of Azavart. The union was short lived, for suddenly "the pundit of the Somaz informed the public that neither Colonel Olcott nor Madame Blavatsky knew anything of yog vidya—occult science—as practised by the Yogis of old. They might know a little of mesmerism as well as of the natural and physical sciences taught in the Bombay institute, especially the science of electricity, and they might know the art of clever conjuring." This was a cruel attack ; the more cruel, inasmuch as Madame Blavatsky had laid herself out to secure the confidence of the Hindoos, and had all but ignored the English population, by whom she had been denounced as a Russian spy. However, the society persevered, and announced that its three aims were :—1. To form the nucleus of a universal brotherhood of humanity, without distinction of race, creed or color. 2. To encourage the study of Eastern philosophy, from which the society believes that important truths can be learned. 3. To investigate the psychic powers latent in man. The official organ of the society declared that "of those three objects the first is to be looked on as the crown and end ; the others are merely acces- sories and means." It will be noted that the manifesto contained no item to which any but a pronounced bigot could object. In course of time, however, public attention centred on certain phenomena, which Madame Blavatsky attributed to the Mahatmas. Flowers fell mysteriously on the heads of the faithful, astral figures appeared, the laws of matter as generally understood were violated. In vulgar parlance, Madame Blavatsky "worked miracles." She objected to the word, for she said the Mahatmas wrought in perfectly natural fashion, they were wiser than we, and compelled nature to do their bidding as we have not learned to make her do ours. What the phenomena are called matters little as regards our present pur- pose. If invisible Mahatmas can shower flowers on us, if they can set diamonds in the rings we wear on our fingers and so on, they are beings from whom we have much to learn, and their pupil is highly favored among Western folk. If Madame Blavatsky was a clever woman, whom political reasons or personal ambition led to prove her doctrine orthodox by dint of a little conjuring, the matter stands on a quite other footing. On the former hypothesis all that Colonel Olcott says of the mystic mean- ing of the sacred books of the East is worthy of full credence. On the latter, it stands on a level with fantastic interpretations of Old Testa- ment prophecy, or Mr. Donelly's wondrous Shakspearian cryptograph. The case for the signs and wonders rests on the fact that Colonel Olcott and other eminently respectable members of the Theosophical Society accept them, and on the wisdom embodied in Madame Blavatsky's books—which, we understand, impress some as quite beyond the reach of Western genius. Mr. A. P. Sinnett, an enthusiastic believer in Madame Blavatsky, gives a very curious account of such of her signs and wonders as came under his notice. The narrative is startlingly frank. The writer believes in the evidential value of the phenomena he records, and yet makes no attempt to slur details, which must almost necessarily induce the sceptic to attribute them to legerdemain of the most commonplace description. He mentions that Madame Blavatsky spent some six weeks in his house, after their first introduction, and that during that period she gave only the slightest possible indications of her special powers. The explana- tion he offers is simple :— "The Brothers, as already described, have an unconquerable aver- sion to showing off. " To those who have studied the old controversy concerning Scrip- ture miracles that statement seems natural enough. Apologist after apologist differentiated the mighty works attributed to Christ from those attributed to His predecessors or His imitators by asserting that His were acts of mercy, not mere displays of supernatural power. Unluckily, however, the Mahatma Brothers seem to have overcome their aversion to show- ing off, if by the phrase we are to understand the display of extraordinary power on the most trivial occasions. Three examples may suffice. At Benares, whilst Madame Blnvatsky, Mr. and Mrs. Sinnett and a friend or two were seated in the dining hall of a house lent them by a friendly Rajah, three or four cut roses fell from the ceiling. Lamps and candies were burning ; Madame Blavatsky was reading. The episode was perhaps a trifle startling, but Mr. Sinnett is candid enough to say that the descent of the flowers was quite unexpected, and was literally apropos of nothing in any preceding conversation, from which it follows that no member of the company was likely to have examined the ceil- ing critically. All that Mr. Sinnett says concerning the room may be conceded, the ceil- ing may have been miserably ill adapted for the conjurer's business, but on the other hand no conjurer would take the slightest credit for the produotion of roses from wall, floor or ceiling of any sort, unless he had previously invited his patrons to watch him intently. Mr. Sinnett feels this and writes, " persons to whom it is merely related cannot be expected to rely upon it to any great extent." On another occa- sion Mrs. Sinnett was walking with Madame Blavatsky, who asked her what she most desired. Mrs. Sinnett said a note from the Mahatma Brothers. Thereupon Madame took a letter from her pocket, tore off part of a blank page, consulted the Brothers and the paper vanished. The next point was how Mrs. Sinnett would like to receive the reply. She asked that it should flutter down into her lap. Madame Blavatsky raised some objection to this, and after some further conver- sation Mrs. Sinnett decided to find the note in a tree. Madame Blavatsky indicated a tree, but on reaching it Mrs. Sinnett searched in vain. Madame pointed out another tree where a note, which to the uninitiated seems utterly common- place, was discovered. Mr. Sinnett admits that Madame made a mistake when she objected to let the paper flutter down as Mrs. Sinnett pro- posed. "The mistake," the word may pass, puts the exhibition altogether out of court, it would have covered a professional conjurer with confusion. The third story is a long one, which may, however, be summarised. A picnic was arranged, in which six persons, including Madame Blavatsky and the Sinnetts were to take part. At the last moment a seventh person joined the party, and curiously enough conversation turned on the fact that the pleasure seekers would have a cup and saucer too few. Madame Blavatsky hinted that she might make good the omission. Intense interest was excited, which was gratified when a seventh cup and saucer were discovered buried at the foot of a tree and apparently lying under unbroken rootlets. The copy of Mr. Sinnett's book on the shelves of the National Library in Swanston-street contains on the page devoted to this episode, the marginal note "D—— rubbish— why, the cup was put there beforehand." The criticism is extremely rude, but it is not wholly unnatural. No one could fairly deduce from the in- stances cited that Madame Blavatsky was an impostor, but those who bear in mind that Mr. Sinnett, who knew Madame long and intimately, found it necessary to give such inconclusive mattor in his book, are likely to bo strongly prejudiced. As to the direct attack made on Madame Blavatsky by the Madras mis- sionaries, one or two side issues may be summarily disposed of. The missionaries were, no doubt, animated by sectarian feeling and were eager to find Madame Blavatsky in fault. They pub- lished private letters which Madame Blavatsky had written to a friend, and which that friend put into their hands when anxious to blast her former teacher's reputation. For adopting this course they were severely criticised. Leaving their motives and their methods out of the question, they submitted a very damaging case. A Mr. and Ms. Coulomb were members of the Theosophic Society. When in fairly prosperous circumstances they entertained Madame Blavat- sky in Ceylon ; misfortune overtook them and, arriving in Madras some 12 months after the priestess of the Theosophic Society, they were placed in charge of the head quarters of the fra- ternity. M. Coulomb acted as librarian, his wife as housekeeper. Their position gave them abundant opportunities of noting many things of which the visitor to the famous Mahatma shrine could have no suspicion. The shrine was a wooden cupboard, between 3 and 4 feet in width and about 15 inches deep. It hung against the wall of a chamber adjoining Madame Blavatsky's bedroom. In the shrine the faithful deposited inquiries addressed to the Mahatmas, and from the shrine they drew replies to those questions. Phenomena of a startling sort were constantly vouchsafed, and beyond all question Colonol Olcott and many others were profoundly convinced of their value. It happened, however, that when in 1884 Madame Blavatsky and the Colonel left India for Europe the Coulombs quarrelled with the members of the society, and surrendered the keys of the office. It was then they placed in the hands of the missionaries letters purporting to have been written by Madame Blavatsky to Madame Coulomb. If the letters were genuine Madame was a very impudent and somewhat imprudent impostor. But the passages which referred to various more or loss ingenious devices for the delusion of the credulous were pronounced interpolations. On that point all it is necessary to say is that Mr. Hodgson, a graduate of Melbourne University, one of the gentlemen appointed by the Society of Pscychical Research to inquire into the phenomena witnessed by certain members of the Theosophical Society, declared the letters genuine. The opinion was based on expert examination of the hand writing. But the Coulombs did more than this. They declared that a hole in the wall between the shrine and Madame Blavatsky's bedroom, together with a panel constructed by M. Coulomb, had rendered it easy to withdraw the letters inserted by the faithful or the curious, and to substitute replies which were alleged to have been written by the Mahatmas. The Coulombs also declared that they had disguised themselves, and had posed as astral bodies. It must be frankly admitted that the unsup- ported testimony of the Coulombs would carry little weight. They received payment for their confession, and the confession branded them as rogues, but the official organ of the society, then the Theosophist, which has been superseded by Lucifer, treated the matter in a very curious fashion. It was not less unsatisfactory in its mode of dealing with the attack of the Pscy- chical Society. An extract or two will illustrate both points. We read that, "The lodge regards the statement made in Madame Coulomb's pam- phlet concerning Madame Blavatsky as not call- ing for any special action on its part at present, inasmuch as those allegations do not bear upon the corporate character of the society." The secretary of the society was accused of erecting a conjuror's cabinet in the society's head quar- ters, of palming off tricks played by virtue of that cabinet as phenomena due to the occult powers possessed by mysterious adepts, and the official organ of the society says the accusation does not bear on its corporate character. Again, the Theosophist declared that M. Coulomb had quite failed to show the mysterious apertures and sliding panels of which he had spoken. " He showed them only one hole in the wall behind the shrine, which had no connection with it, and which, instead of being so very ingenious, as it is described in the magazine article, appeared to be a queer looking hole, which any bandicoot might have made." When the Theosophist admits the existence of a hole, albeit "a queer looking one," between madame's bedroom and the chamber in which she displayed her occult powers, the average man will be fully satisfied as to the value of the phenomena. But there is more to follow. Mr. Hodgson saw the arrangements described by M. Coulomb, and was perfectly satisfied that they might have served every pur- pose attributed to them. Finally Madame Blavatsky wrote to the Coulombs, and her letters are curious. She said, "How can I believe that Madame Coulomb will so dishonor her husband and herself. You, M. Coulomb, are too honest a man—too proud to do such a thing. You, Madame Coulomb, are truly sick. All the evil proved will be that you have never wished to believe that there were true Mahatmas behind the curtain, that you do not believe the phenomena real, and that is why you see tricks in everything." Madame Coulomb had de- clared that she and her husband had assisted Madame Blavatsky to dupe the credulous, that they had personated what the uninitiated term ghosts, that they possessed letters from madame giving them their instructions, and the reply is " You do not believe the phenomena real, and that is why you see tricks in everything." This is ludicrously lame and impotent ; either the Coulombs had invented a host of malicious falsehoods, or they had played the very tricks which madame talked of their seeing. To press the matter further seems idle, but one fact mentioned by Mr. Hodgson may be noted. Madame Blavatsky's servant was a fellow who had spent some years in the service of a con- juror. How tho pundit of Somoy's scathing de nunciation, tlio rovolations of the Coulombs and tiie donunoiation by tlio Fscychicnl Society affect tho body over which Colonel Olaott pre sides is moro matter of opinion. Colonel Olcott, whoso sincerity has nover beon qucslioiod, oan, wo aro told, " tell many oilier wondorful stories of the doings of tlio occult brethren ; bit it is unfair to press him too closely. Ho dees not believe iu manifestations as argumonts. Tlio unbeliever, as lie points out, only scoffs, and thinks somo new and olever kind of juggloiy is being praatisod. Tlio believer, on tho oficr hand, does not require to bo showii .aiy sucii proofs. And, further, tho Thoosophhxl Sooioty doos not ask or expoct aay of its adherents to beliovo in tho secret doctrine at all. ' On tho utlicr hand, in the December number of Lucifer, Mrs. Bcsnnt, writing of Tlio Theoso phical Sooioty aud H. P. B. — tiiat is, Madame Blavatsky, Mra Bosaut's lato co-editress— says i — "If II. P. B. is a true messenger,- opposition to her is opposition to the Mnsters, she being their one channel to the western world. If there are no Masters, the Theosophical Society is au absurdity, and there is no uso in keeping it up. But, if there nro Masters, and H. 1. B- is jdieir messenger and tho Theosophioal Socioty fjlieir foundation, tho Thoosophicnl Socioty nnd H. P. B. cannot be separated boforo the world." To us Mrs. Besant's seems the common sorise view of the matter. If certain adepts can con- vort tho particles of matter into a gaseous fluid, oan diroot tlmt fluid where they will and bid tlio particlosro'formand cohere nsbofore, if they have oxartcd that power at tho solicitation of Madame Blavatsky, the sooioty lias ono basis. If Madaine Blnvatsky 1ms juggled with her fol lowers, and tho adopts aro the creatures of her fancy, it has another. To study Orients! religions, to investigate pscychic farces, and to promoto harmony botween men of diiforcnt nationalities nnd varying creeds is nn excellent tiling in cither oasc. But it is diffiouit to set how tlio enthusiast who reverences tlio memory of Madamo Blavatsky can pursue his studies in company with ono who regards iter as a woman who trickod hor disciples with the assistance of a conjurer's discarded servant. Madame Blavatsky and her wonders stand or fall together. Sho vouched for them; they aro not to bo dismissod as mere myths which liavo gathered about tho story of one of tho world's great ones in tho courso of tho centuries. Moreover, in a less degreo they affcat tho credit of those who honestly beliovo in thom. If they have beon ogregiously duped tlioy may bo generous enthusiasts, but they are not such inon us the prudent would ciioose to form a committco ot investigation when tlio nuthentioity of mysteri ous phenomena was under consideration. 