REVIEWS. THE GOLDEN LAKE. (1) Every author of note has had, and will im ages to come have, his or her imitation. Instances readily occur, not to travel beyond modern days, of imitative Dickens, with Dickens's exaggeration, minus Dickens's sympathetic wit or humor; of Macaulay's imitative schoolboy exhibiting hyrocephalic bumptiousness; of Miss Braddon, or her countless copyists; of a thousand wretched plagiarists, destitute of aught save imitative plagiarism; of, in fact, literary horrors without end. The intro spective, analytic, and psychological romance enjoys a temporary repose. Science gone mad finds no interpreter for youth since Jules Verne established himself as champion, while Zola must remain unapproached until the literary pig publishes his autobiographical reminiscences of the gutter. This work of "The Golden Lake" is Rider Haggard, out-haggarded. It is a bold feat of stand and deliver, every faculty but credulity, and it deserves corresponding approbation to find in these latter days of scepticism, a writer and a publisher with coinage sufficient to count upon a remunerative quantity of readers. The imagination of the bushmen is sufficiently fertile to produce stiff yarns, but for a sequence of glaring improbabilities commend us to the idealist who has distorted every canon of bush law to create a bush legend. The plot of the Golden Lake, if plot it has, other than a plot against common-sense, reposes upon the dying legacy of a mysterious individual who bequeaths a rough chart of a journey which resulted in the discovery of a golden lake, a veritable Tom Tidler's ground, enjdymont of which was forbidden to its prospector. Armed with this document, a love of adventure, and a natural desire for acquisition of wealth, Hurdwick, Mor- ton, and an aboriginal, with a very meagre outfit of horses and stores, set out for the golden lake thus described by its dying discoverer. " There is a golden lake, Mr. Dick. I have seen it. I have stood within the secret chamber of the great cave amid tons upon tons of the precious metal. Gold enough was there to ransom the whole world. It lies in the mountains over the great desert." This somewhat vague indication is supplemented by a still more vague itinerary, but as the book had to be written and the lake reached, away go the trio, and succeed 'in finding it. How and when they got there must fairly be learnt from perusal, but it will require the digestion of. an intellectual ostrich .to .assimilate the details of --the adventure. There is, besides the lure of gold, t second motive, a,s7ie, an Ada .left in the hands of the aboriginal residents of the Golden Lake by the dead prospector fifteen years before the second explorers started. in search of the locality. This Ada, on the arrival of the expedition, possesses all the charms of a fashionable demoiselle, with a dress truthfully described as beggaring all description. Need- less to say she responds to the affection of one of the trio of her ultimate resouers from savage dom, and with a few odd rubies and life com- pletes the measure of all they succeed in carrying away. An earthquake acts as a .'Deas ex machina" to preolude any un- pleasant examination of a' story which, in a sweepstakes of improbability, would leave tho 'Arabian Nights" lagging behind and beat "Baron Munchausen" into surprised silence. FAINT YET PURSUING. (2) This is a small volume of sermons, about half of which/ as the writer explains in his preface, were preached to soldiers. They aro all short and to the point, and are, besides, enlivened with striking illustrations and apt quotations, in just such fashion as might have been expected from an author who wrote "How to be Happy though Married." Some of the discourses, indeed, can scatcely claim to hare reached the dignity of a sermon, being nothing more than a few minutes' plain talk ; but none of them are dull, and all contain nutter for consideration and thoughts that may well be put into action. Always avoiding the depths of theological controversy, they are puch sermons as may be read with benefitby the most simple-minded. They seek perse veringly to bring religion into the field of every-day life, and the preacher has evi- dently regarded the great quostions whioh agitate men's. minds as , not unworthy of Ins notice. Though evidently written by a clergyman of the Anglican Church, they will bo read with interest and profit by people of all denominations. The following paragraph from the sermon on " Seeing Not Necessarily Believing" may be given as a specimen of the style of the preaoher :-"Why should it seem in our verifying days a thing unreasonable that while God cannot be examined under a micro- scope, or detected by the surgeon's scalpel, He should nevertheless be verified overy day and every hour by thousands of pure-hearted people who have cultivated, their religious affections, and who are willing to do, as soon as they hiaw ? The mere logician seeks in vain for syllogisms amidst the delicate tinting and suggestive outlines of some masterpiece whioh is full _ of meaning, to the artist who considers both induction and deduction as so much verbiage. The man who has"arithmetio rather lhan music in his BOUI may feel bored whilo listening to the purest melody, because he can pot count the notes as they are being played. We must have a ' turn' for each art and study before we can appieciate them. What wonder, then, if such ideas as God, the Soul, and Immortality, should appear foolishness to those who attempt to see them by means of weir intellect or human eyes, instead of by that faculty which is ' likest God within the 'foul?'" IMMORTALITY 03? THE SOUL. (3) It has often been said "that easy writing makes hard reading. Whether tho writing of una book has been easy we do not know ; it looks like it, for more unformed, shiftless, jumbled sentences could not well be conceived. But we do_ know that the reading is worse than nam ; it is painful, tantalising, unfruitful in »J highest degree. Not that the author is ranout occasional gleams of sense; here and ineie the hope is raised of reaching solid groupa ; and if only some one would disentangle «is ideas, and marshal his arguments, there might be some helpful result; but as it is every Z Sill ^'»'PPears in a universal bog. At «MI « the, book is like a «¡"«»p's head, mu of confused eating," only the confusion «L». ^proportionate to the eating that a SS . M ls maligned in the comparison, in S?iPnnted." and worse Punctuated, slovenly «nSÍ!: erratl0.ln conception, and muddled in Expression, "without form and void, and with Inh !w 5eface of the deeP." T> Tnd« worlS J5îtx,îhe ?uthor burdened the reading Ihllti1 vtbe volume- And we wonder more m li?Jil d«»Tra>atitîs his second venture Z*,TAe' *"?d Va*the ^t was of precisely ron^ deSBr'Pt'on, as we learn'from nume Wil« a Ong4?0tations hom "our previous nritw«7ai?,aybe oxPeoted in such a book, anv dL ftl«6northe ohaPter headings give Ena«! 6 COntents- Thero aro Jott«ßs Uräthaf^T',.fPeoiallyin some short chap A¿* l'ke afterthoughts, which might the m,lMy be Ca,lled an " l*torîoal review» of and^rffl n Uüder disc»ssion; but generally, ítíhrA eVery form'of tiüe' we have the contnnB"£0,-aS;?0l?-please-'' 0£ a" which one wKTS l3-thaî oaehas the greatest diffl. tW«**8T*1?* hls theory of immortality, with!T » obTn«ly much more concerned Suv^°nS?u,guttat tfaan presenting histori SbtoT- tl!,0nghta of others- A»er a bint heavL TDds !" ° Edward White, he goes in upon it *°r,n?,twal .immortality,' then turns índflníii^r1*88 wittt Edward White again, »na taally believes both in the natural survival ffithnnf80/ aPd of Christian immortality, but contZM30 *? asloan be gathered from his Ä'7 language) certainly believing in otw £StmJ?ness either* of the one or the nant' "«?n ^ last P°int' however, as on ^l others, the author becomes hopelessly PetteriAaSfl fe A' By W. Carlton Dawe. E.A. TnseU«^?i!o-,rMc^ouri,e' &&>?/, ma Adelaide, so" Md co? " Lonaon- Bristoe: J. H. Tliomp be2)H'a^t»w?irïïins" B*thettUthor°f"Howto' Unwi¿PPIri5°USh &amod;" London: T. Fisher im .í^r- B : Wltso°. Ferguson, ana Co. ta uv erfiZ-^¥»viewoi theQucsUonof thelmmor AätoSto^VaíSi **,$. =**»* «"» Dunelm. Mowom^aia Brisbane:- Alex. Muir and unintelligible. What is to be expected of a man who can write this nonsense? "Is a spirit man beyond our conception ? I think not. We have only to think, if we can, of an organism composed" in such and.such a way. If the Rev. Mr. Esegar inflicts himself on the world again, and has the money to spare, hf should employ a literary haok to lick his composition-not to say his ideas- into shape, and save the rejtder the torture of punctuating and referring to "Ercata" as he goes along. AN INTRODUCTION TO THE CREEDS. (4) It is a curious and inevitable issue of tlie modern crusade against oreeds that more attention is being paid to them than they have leceived possibly since their 'origin itself. Everybody wants to know something of the contents of documents which form the subject of so exciting a contest. Thus, not the least interesting and popular of the series of .^Elementary Theological Class Bookst" whioh comprise, or will comprise, Introductions to Old and New Testament History, to Early Church History, to the Church Catechism, and to the Prayer Book, will be the Introduction to the Articles, which is to follow, and to the Creeds, which is now before To students and olergymen we should say that concise treatises on these sub- jects were invaluable. If they are framed on the pattern of that now before us they consti- tute an unfailing vade mecum of guidance on the topics dealt with. And to suoh of the laity, of whom we hope there are many, who are in earnest to know what they are expected to believe, and why they are expeoted to believe it, and who would fain judge of the present teaching of the clergy by their authorised standards, these instructive guide books must be specially acceptable. The " creeds" dealt with in this introduction are those styled re- spectively the Apostles' Creed, the Nioene Creed, and the Athanasian Creed. Of these, in Part I, Dr. Maclear, traces ihe origin and development, a study absolutely necessary to their appreciation, since as the author remarks, every clause and almost every word in these creeds stands as the resultant of strenuous controversy in the early Ohuroh.- Part II. occupies itself with the teaching of the creeds. This teaching, as Anglicans and Roman Catholics should know, is elementary, guarding ohiefly the doctrines of the Trinity, and of the deity of Christ and of the Holy Ghost. The first and second (whioh is in fact the earlier of the two, the ' ' Apostles " creed being of later and obscurer origin) divide themselves conveniently into twelve heads, which make twelve ohapters of doctrinal expo- sition. This exposition is painstaking, detailed, and dry to a degree which makes sore trial of the ordinary reader's1 patience, though admirably fitted for the student. The third, of which it is only known that it is not the production of Athanasius, does not lend itself to this common treatment, and the manner in which it is dealt with is the least satisfactory part of the book. The author possibly did not feel himself called upon to notice the utter unsuitableness of its metaphysical subtleties as an expression of modern convictions, but, on the other hand, ho should not have gone out of his way to defend its comminatory clauses. _ In telling us that these clauses do not insist on a full acceptance of the logical statement set forth he forgets that our only criterion of its meaning is its ancient interpretation, and that the bitter experience of Arius and other non- acceptors is an unanswerable demonstration of that. The Quicunquo Vultis one of tho most intolerant instruments in Christendom. Nor does it add to our reverence even for the comparatively unobjectionable creed of Nicma that both its adoption and enforcement were largely due to imperial power. But no one needs to be told that the trail of the Cosaiean seipent is over the whole of early Church history. Our author, too, brings the Pope upon the scene a few centuries earlier than rigid history allows. The signatories to the Nicene Cieed describe him simply as Bishop of Rome. CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL. The volume of "Chambeis's Journal" which has recently come to hand will be a very wel- come addition to the library shelves. It con- tains a very large amount of that class of literature which though termed "popular" ÍB elevated in tone and instructive in manner. For their story-nghts the Messrs. Chambers secured the services of several well-known authors, including David Ohristio Murray, W. Clark Russell, and T. W. Speight, and the interest which was manifested in the novels they supplied, as they appeared in the weekly numbers of the journal, showed that the pub- lishers were well advised in their choice of writers. The annual; edition presents these stories complete. It contains besides a very excellent seleotion of artioles on miscellaneous subjects, and on science and art, providing, as " Ohambers's Journal " has always proposed to do, interesting matter for all olasses of readers. THE QTJIYER. Religious literature ¿isaâ at one time to be associated with everything dull and uninterest- ing to the geneial reader, and its study was too often regarded as a species of penance whioh must be performed for the beneht of the soul. The many periodicals established for the dis- semination of Christian truth have long since shown that dull prosincss is not a necessary quality of such teaching, and amongst those pre-eminently bright and attractive whilst fully living 'up to its original -.purpose is the "Quiver," a well-known weekly publication of Cassell and Co. The annual volume of this magazine for 1890 hast already been welcomed in many Australian homes ; but it may not be too late to say a few words in com- mendation of this excellent work. There are many places, particularly in thooolonies, where families are cut off from the ordinary means of Christian teaching, and wheie it is yet felt that life should consist of something beyond work or recreation and sleep, and.' even beyond mere intellectual exercises-in shofct, that there is a spiritual side of daily existence whióh cannot be ignored without irreparable loss. To such, oven more than to dwellers in cities, come the better class of religious magazines as a great fund of interest, something to draw the mind away from the daily round of duties, and as furnishing a welcome link with the reli- gious though undenominational world.' All these requirements Saem to be borne in mind in the management cot the " Quiver," though its conductors have a very much wider and more varied circle of readers than is suggested by this line of thought. The volume for 1890 is in every respect equal to its predecessors, and so far as printing, both of letterpress and en- gravings is conoerned, leaves nothing to be desired. But little need be said of the serial stories ; they aie in- teresting and attractive of their kind, but such stories are seldom altogether satis- factory, partly, perhjaps, for the reason that the writer feels bound to keep the "moral of his tale in a more ptrcminent position than a due regard for artistic merit will dictate. In the "Quiver" the best features are those which deal with the ptactical Christianity of the present day. The reader is made closely acquainted with some of the best work being done in a variety of fields of activity, and by a series of well written interviews becomes familiar with the greatest preachers and Christian thinkers of the day. In the " Great Preachers" series we have in this volume the names of the Revs. C. H. Spurgeon, Dr. W. M. Taylor, Dr. John Hall, W. H. Dollinger, Newman Hall, Dr. Phillips Brooks, Canon Barker, and Dr. J. A. Macfa Arrows," dealing principally with mission work of various kinds, we hi.ve brief notes of work among arsenal men, st, the prison gate, the public-house mission at Bath, in Brittany, in Wales, among Scotch lodging-houses, in China and Japan, Christian progress in the East, work among Norwich factory-girls, and a variety of others of which these will serve as examples.N Other features afe notes on the "International Series of Scripture Lessons for School and Home," «nd the "Quiver 'Bible Class,' " containing a series of questions on the passages dealt with, And the "Bible Reading Society," giving passages for private reading each morning and evening. Besides these are a (41 "An Introduction to the Creeds." BytheEev, G. F. Maclear. D.D., oí îît. Augustine's College, Se London: Hicmlllan anil Co. Brisbane: Watson. Ferguson, and Co. ', number of articles by well-known writers, ] amongst whom may be mentioned Dr. Wm. Alexander, Bishop of Deiry and Raphoe, Pro- fessor Church, the Hon. Isabel Plunket, and others. 