KEMPSEY POLICE COURT. (Before the Police Magistrate) Saturday, October 10. William Allen was charged with threatening to shoot Mrs. Christina Becke and Mr. E. H. Becke, on Thursday the 8th instant, at Coran- gu la. Messrs. Perry, Jones and Dighton were engaged in the case. Martin Prentice, constable, residing at Kempsey, on oath deposed : 1 have Leard the information read. Yester day I proceeded to Corangula, where I saw accused in his house. ; I said, 44 Allen, I have a wari$,nt for your flwnof " nnil fVinn vnarl fliA warrant. ttUU wuu produced to him ; the accused said, 44 1 don't think I will be lagged for it." I cautioned him in the usual way ; he then said he would tell me the truth as he had nothing to fear. He was walking along, wlien Mrs. Becke sang out, 44 Come in, children, he will shoot yon, O, you old witch !" Mr. Becke said, 44 1 have got you now," and sang out, 44 Perry, get the horse out." JSaw Perry and asked him to examine the gun and see there was no charge in it ; Perry said, 44 there is a cap on it, and 1 don't like interfering with a gun. Perry took the gun aud took the cap off ; that was the first I saw of the cap. Then said 44 Perry, is that gun loaded ?" and he said 44 No ; " Said again 44 Perry, I want you to tell the. truth " and lie said 44 By ghost I tell you the truth, I don't care for anyone. After this statement I asked the accused whether he carried the gun when near this place; the ac cused said, 44 Instead of sitting down and watching the house all day, I thought of going into the bush to shoot some birds:'' I asked him why he watched Becke's house and he said 44 1 am authorised hy Mr. Wright the small debts bailiff." I asked accused where the gun was an that occasion and he said it was at Mr. Sales'. I went with accused to Mr. Sales' house arid the gun produced was pn the verandah. Prisoner then said 44 that's the gun— see for yourself if it. has been loaded lately." I examined the gun and found rust about the nipple and also inside the muzzle ; Wsked accused if he carried any am munition with him on that day and he said 44 Yes ; what would be the use of going shooting without ammuni tion." Shortly afterwards we started for Kempsey and when nearing Becke's place I told accused to go along the road as 1 wished, to call on Mr. Becke ; proceeded there and asked him for a ietter ; Mi. Becke told Perry (who was present) to go and get me ;a- letter; Perry went to the road, picked up a letter and gave it to me. The accused was standing near, he said 44 That's the spot I was standing on yesterday, and I was standing just so." I looked about and saw on the edge of the road about six or seven feet from where Allen was standing a piece of paper ; asked Perry to give me the paper, it was partly rolled up ; I examined it and found holes in it (paper produced). The accused said 44 It's badly done ; they liave'nt been clever at all." I then brought accused to Ivempsey. The paper appeared as if the holes had been made recently. Accused said he didn't like to shoot anythiug about the place as there might be something made of it. ; By Mr. Dighton : I looked closely at the paper and smelt it, it had no rust on it nor had it any smell of powder ; from the appearance of the gun it didn't seem to have been fired lately. By Mr. Jones : I saw rust inside the barrell. Have examined the ram rod and cannot get the top off — that is the part covering the screw. Allen didn't attempt to conceal anything from me ; it was on the 9th instant I went to arrest him. Saw Mrs. Becke yesterday, she appeared to be attending to her household duties and was mov ing about the place. By Mr. Dighton : I brought the letter down from Mr. Becke to Dr. Casement. By Mr. Perry : I saw marks up and down the gun barrel ; could not say how they were caused. Michael Perry, sworn : I am work ing for Mr. Becke ; I remember the 8th instant ; remember seeing Allen between 8 and 10 o'clock coming down to the creek, he had a gun on his shoulder. I saw him again sitting on the road ; Mr. Becke's children were nlo vincr ahnnf. t.lio hmiea T wao itrnvk. ing in the house ; Mrs. Becke came and called me, she appeared to be in a very excited state as if she was very frightened. Mr. Becke asked if I would go for a horse for him. Allen came to him, and he called to me, saying 44 Perry, I want you to see if is gun is loaded? " I told him I wanted to have nothing to do with the gun ; he said 44 You would oblige me by looking at it." I took it and said 44 There is a cap on it," he said 44 That's nothing ;" I tcok the cap off and put the ramrod down the barrel and also blew down it, there was nothing in the gun ; it appeared to have been unloded for a good while. I saw Allen down at Becke's on Monday, Tuesday., and Wednesday ; I didn't see any gun with him from the time Mr. Becke called me to the time I met Allen ; it might have been a quarter of an hour. =. I noticed the ramrod at the time, it appears to be in the same condition now as it was then. By Mr. Dighton : When I met Allen with the constable afterwards, he asked me if he had time to unload the gun, I said I didn't think he had. Edwin Herbert Becke, Mining Manager and Magistrate, , sworn, stated : I remember the morning of the 8th, Allen was within a hundred yards of the house. My children were about there and I heard them sing out 44 Mother Allen has got a gun, and is going to shoot us." I saw accused passing towards the creek with the gun in his haud. I then ran down to him and said 44 you have gone too far, I have never molested you in any way, hand me that gun "? He then said 44 here it is " and crossed the creek, and pointing it at me said, 44 You can take it, and you can take what's in it if you come for it." At this time Mrs. Becke came forward in an excited state, and I requested her to go inside, aud I then informed the accused that I should proceed to Kempsey to. ' obtain a warrant for his arrest. I saw Allen present the guu at Mrs. Becke twice, after I had told him I would get a warrant. Allen said to Mrs. Becke, 44 Come a little closer and you can have the gun and its contents, Allen then sat down for some minutes. He was doing something to the gun, but I couldn't see what he was doing; I couldn't tell whether he was drawing the charge or not. He then got up and ran away very fast. The case was adjourned for eight days, for the production of further evidence, bail being allowed, self in £10 and two sureties of £20 each. 