Tlic Doctors Shook tlicir Heads. " I would give a million dollars for ;i stomach," said a wealthy American recently.' Now a million' dollai'B (£200,000) is a deal of ' money, but he was. not able to buy the article oven at that price. ' ? Mr. 'J'homas Gnsliiu, of .'No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but ho was ready enough to give' 'all ho liad for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and lie shall tell it in his own way; Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: " I7p to eight years ago I have never-lost an hours' work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I have often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill-up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough anil strain till I, bled at the noso, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. / For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended mo to try a change of air. Sol came to Darley Abbey and my former master gavomc an indoor recommendation tj the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found however, that all the beds in tho hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby, The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die : tho other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their heads.' '.'.Getting a trifle bettor my old master allowed me to do what little! could in his gardens and grounds; and some days.I worked a little, and then would be away! for a few days.- , Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got' very short of breath, and broke down completely.! ;I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go toslecp for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this : time the Whites of my eyes turned yellow, and ray eyes were bloodshot. . My lips and^raouth- wore dry and parched and I often broke'out into a cold clammy sweat. . My tongue was like: a piece of brown leather, and I,could keep nothing down. I. lost over n stone'weight in three weeks,' "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I,lmd to take hold of tho furniture to move: a'few yards. I wis always tired and; weary,'and sitting or lying, was nover *at ease ahd! got no. real rost. Too weak to read I! often sat for; hours looking at my hands -nothing but skin and; bone, and -was so nervous I couldn't bear the least! noise, and the children at play quite upset me. j " Tho doctor kopt on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you no good', lean only patch you up,' became [your lungs are diseased. 1 then gavo over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. f Oud tliing:was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottler But nothing did any good and ray:friends who came to sco mo said, 'well you won't cough mush longer; you have merely to prepare for another world.' "About ,tho, muldlo of March 188!), a neighbour named Josoph Tatham, who works in tho paper mill at Parley Abboy, said to me. ' Tom, did yon ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' ondtold.me how ho had been cured after being in tho hospital. I sent my wife to; Derby,, and got a bottle ot Mr. Smith's Stores iniVibtoria-streeti After tho first dose I had an evacuation-.black as ink, and vomited, Then I fell asleep aiid felt rested when I.awoke. After taking ,the medicine for throo days my broathing 1 got easier,'my food kopt down, and .in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk.. By , the end of a fortnight! wont to seo my master, who askod what ;had wrought the improvement, and I told him'; ns I toll overyono,' that Mother Seigel's Syrup^had ;savcd- my life. 1. commenced work at once, and havo never lost a day's worksince. "Of bourso:my strength did: not return all at j once, but after taking: Seigel's, Syrup/or six months , I was strong ns ever in'my -life and have continued , so ever since." .t----;;- --- . . t " In givingxhis'consont.to,the publication of this remarkable statement, Miv - Gnski ti :requeits us to refer all doubters to liim,or; to Mr. Kectley,.IIcad Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all ? tho facts alleged. Miv.Gaskiu has lived ,at?Darley . Abbey, 22 years and bears an oxcellout reputation. Nowj'what. wasr tho -complaint from which, lie suffered'? 'Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctor# thought), or he would have galloped into his'grave-ill less than' three months, instead o£ growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronio; infiamatory dyspepsia. (or" ;chroDio . gastric catarrh), which lias lung symptoms like consumption, for which it. is ? so, often ignorantly' mistaken and. wrongly treated. .When, the right; remedy; Mother, - Seigel's.: Syrup,,, was, used .tliol disenso, yioldcd, as all diseases of , the, digestive tract do' yield, to that magnificent . preparation,, ? Wo heartily .congratulate Mr.. , Gaskin ..on . his. recovery, and-eommond tho facts of his case to all: thinking people. ? ' TUB BEST MEDICINE .KNOWN IS Sander and' 'Sons' Eucalyntl Extract. Test its eminent power-; ful effects in "coughs; 'colds, infiuenm,'&c.-thoLre-;' . ltef is instantaneous. Thousands give tho most . gratifying testimony. His .Mojosty , tho 'Ping .of. Italy, and medical syndicates . all. over* tlio, . globe, aro its' patrons. "ltead' the. official reports; that ' accompany., each bottle. : .Wo .- havo ^no. . occasion tto' offer- ;.rewardsi :in...proof.,: of ..{.the ? igbnuinencss of our references.. The oflloial roports of. medical clinics and universities; .tho:official; com munication iofvConsulrGoneral ^foriltolyr-at Mel-, ;bourno ; the.diploma,awardedtIntornational(.Exln-1 biti6n,: Anistoraamrr-all: these .aro fautlientio docu-; monts, and asrsucli, ;not^opon to_ doubt; AVo.-add; here an epitome of one'of tho,various tcases,treated; by SlegoriD, ,vProfessor,etc;Burning; of the: right hand through the explosion of a small oil stove, The epidermis oil tho volar and {-palmer side1 of tho. hand of.tho'thlrtyiybai'-old'pationt was-completely. Separated aiid^lifted up'aa far as the' joint'of' tlio; hand;; Tho'likewise lifted nails'woro hanging loose,. andMiaif of^thb phalaux'o^'tho 'iiail of jthc middle fingor was coaled. The-.wounds, thus; contracted healed in three weeks under daily applications of ISucalypti Extracts seeing. Tho patient has re tained tho fullness of hbr hand,-[Advt,-] 