THE MYSTERY OF M FELIX. Bi B. L. FARJEON, Author of •'Grea.t Porter-square," "Miser Farebrother " &c.; tco. CHAPTER LII. THE GHOST OF M. FELIX. She put her hand on my arm as if for protection as she uttered these words, and I took it in mine to reassure her ; it was oold as ice. It was clear t&at; she bad received a shock, and I was disposed to ascribe it to the strain she had undergone during the past fortnight. But this view was shaken when I thought of her courage and daring. *' what did I tell you," said Bob, sticking to his guns. " Nightmare." *• That's aomethink yer must be in bed to 'Ave, ain't it V' said Sophy. " Yea," said Bob, "and asleep." "I wasn't neither," said Sophy, "I was as wide awake as you are." "O, you didn't go to bed when I put you in yonr room?" " No, I didn't. I waited a minute or two, and then I went out." " What made you do that, Sophy ?*' I asked. " I don't know, 'xoep' that 1 wanted to go to the madhouse—outside, yer know—to see if they'd found out about the desk." " It was a dangerous thing to do," I said. " Well, I didn't do it I 'adn't got 'alf way there when a sperrit crep' past me. I told aunty I didn't believe in sperrits, but I do no w. X didn't think it was a sperrit at fust. I thought it was a man; and I sed to myself, ' If you can creep, eo can I,' and I crep' after it." "But why, Sophy? "I don't know why. I did it 'cause someihink made me. Ail at onoe it stopped and turned, and the moon lit up its face. It was the ghost of'Mr. Felix." : -She was speaking mare quietly now, and there was a note of conviction in her voice that startled me. "Is that what yon call a nightmare?" she •deed of Bob, whose eyes were fixed intently upon her. . "No," he replied, " but you were mistaken. It was only a fancied resemblance." " It wasn't nothink of the sort, and I wasn't mistook. I'm ready to take my dying oath on it. There ain't two Mr. Felixes, there's only one, and it was 'is ghost I sor." " What did you do, Sophy?" I enquired. " I stood like a stone, and couldn't move. But when it looked at me, and when I 'eered its voice, and when I eor it looking up to me, I give a scream, and ran away. But I fell down over the stomp of a tree, and it caught 'old of me and lifted me up. Then it wrenched my face to the light, and poked its 'eed for'ard, and I saw dearer than ever that it was Mr. Felix's ghost, I don't know 'ow I managed it, but I twisted myself away, and run as I'd never run in my life before till I got 'ere." " Is that alL Sophy!" " That's all I can tell yer. Ain't it enough ?" "If there is any truth in it, my girl, it is more than enough ?" You cannot say whether it followed you ?" " No. I never looked behind. It was more than I dared do." " You heard it speak, you say. What words did it utter?" " It said, ' What the devil!'" "Nothing more?" • "Nothink as I 'eerd." She had told all she knew, and it'was useless to question her farther upon the subject, so I put it aaide for a moment, with the intention of talking it over with Bob when we were alone. But I had not yet done with Sophy. Before I parted with her for the night I was desirous of obtaining fuller information of Dr. Petersen's establishment than Bhe had given Bob. She was perfectly willing to tell everythinglhe knew, and seemed to b? relieved to have her attention turned to other matters. " You had the run of Dr. Petersen's house, Sopbv?" "Yes, I'*d." ."How many servants are there in it ?" V Only one-^the keeper." " What is his name f" "Crawley." " Did no woman come to do the cleaning or ookine?" \- "Nobody come. Crawley did every think, "j " You were not ill-treated'!" "O. no." " Did you have your meals alone ?" "No; the three of UB 'ad "em together." "Tho three of you. Dr. Peterssen, Crawley, and you ?" "No, Dr. Peterssen never 'ad nothink with .ns. I mean the other patient." '* But there was more than one ?" - "There wasn't while I was there. There was only one." I turned to Bob. " You said there were children. Bob?" "So I was informed, but I may have been milled." " I 'eerd Crawley say the young 'uns were took away the day before I come," said Sophy. "That explains it. So there was only one patient left." "Only one." 4 1 A man ?" "A gentleman." "Bow did you find out he was a gentleman ?" "Yer can't be mistook between a man and a pent. Your a geut; Mr. Tucker's another." " Much obliged, Sophy," said Bob. ' What is the name of tte gentleman patient, _'e didn't 'ave none that I know of. I 'eerd the greengrocer's boy say to Crawley olice, 'Ows Nmcber One, Mr. Crawley?' That's how I got to know 'ow he was called, and what the Keeper's name was. I couldn't arks nothink, of course, 'cause I was deaf and dumb. 'Same as ever,'said Crawley to the hoy, ' mem'ry _ " Poor fellow! _ There is no doubt, I suppose, about his being mad ?" " I don't know about that. He never did nothink, and 'ardly ever spoke a word. But he was veiy kind to me, and I wa? very sorry for 1m. He'd put 's and on my 'ead, and smooth my 'air, and look at me pitiful like, with tears in 'is .eyes which made 'em come into mine." " A case of melancholia, Bob," I said. Bob nodded. "Was no effort made, Sophy, to bring bis memory back to him ?" "Nobody did nothink ; he was let alone, the same as I was. I did want 'ard to talk to 'im, but I didn't dare open my lip, or I should 'ave been found out. I do wish somethink could be done for 'im, that I do. Look 'ere, you're rich, ain't you ?" "Not exactly rich, Sophy, but I am not poor." " Well, then. Crawley's to be bought." " How do you know that ?" " I 'eerd Crawley say to 'isself, * If I ad a nnderd pound I'd cut the cussed concern, and go to Amerikey.'" "Ah! Well think over it. A hundred pounds is a large sum. It's late, Sophy. I've nothing more to ask you to-night. Get to bed, like a good girL" But t Sophy began h to tremble again; her thoughts reverted to M. Felix. ''Idaren'tgototheroom Mr. Tucker took me to; Mr. Felix's ghost'd come agin. Let me sleep 'ere, please." "There's no bed, my girL I tell yon what you shall do. .There are two beds in the next room—see, this door opens into it—which Mr. Tucker and I were to occupy. Well bring a mattxees and some bedclothes in here, and well manage for the night; M lie on the sofa. Yon shall sleep in there, where no ghost can get to you. It would have to come through this room-first." Sophy busied herself at once in bringing the mattress and bedclothes from the adjoining room, and after extemporising a couple of beds for Bob and me wished us a grateful good- night. Bob and I were alone. " Now, Bob," said I, "what do you think of her story?" "There's more in it than meets the eye," said Bob. " Agnold, if any other person had related it I should set it down to an overwrought mind. But Sophy is an exceptional being'; she is sharp, she is clever, she is brave, she is clear-witted. Naturally it is a puzzling Affair, and I think it is worth arguing out." "Let us do so, $ob," I said. "It is always a mistake," said Bob, "in matters of conjecture, to pin oneself to a fixed point. This mistake, in my opinion, has been committed in all enquiries relating to the Mystery of M. Felix. Having accepted a certain conclusion every person privately or professionally interested in the mystery started from that fixed point and branched out in all directions, north, east, south, and west, utterly ignoring the possibility—in this case I should say the probability—of the conclusion they accepted being a false one, as misleading as a will o' the wisp." t To be continued.) 