(OUR ~IEI,(n)cUN v LETI'EIun 0 (Fnot ow?t o*ta dOniES 'ONIB N .) There is a weak horse in.lth4l t"nm and when one of the leaders is phJ,]e.llu] weak thle coach is apt to go slow. Mr Munro is visibly ailing ; hi thinks he i;. Anyhow he is pale ald languid, and short of workingpower. Tins Premier ship of Victoria is a task whichI de mands more than braids. It needs also a stop- Up.alllnight and noeverwant-to. go-to-sleep working power. 'Fhlnt' why its generally suited to Scotchmen. But Mr Munro, though brawnoy and proportioned like a Highlander, has something wrong internally. Those terrible headaches and frequent fits of faintness are .sudpicious indications. And if hoe end't stand the work now when in recess, hos'w skill ho bear it othen Parliament is in session ? His colleagdes rdny relieve him of the leader ship when the Opposition is not erignged dancing the ghost dance. But it is the work in thle departments, in the pre. pnration and revising of bills, in the lobbies and sitting up o'nights, that tells. It takri a physically strong man to lead Victoria. Of course, there hIvn boon plenty of speculations as to what will become of thie Ministry and the country if MIr Munro's health breaks down, and it has oven been whispered that the Ministry might be re constructed, with MIr M'Loan at its head, but these rumors are a little "too previous." The general rule is that with the Premier goes the team. Anyway, Mr Munro will make an effort to Ihold on to office until after the Federation Convention sits in March. To be Premier of Vic toria when an event of such national im portance takes place is to secure a front page in history. It is sometimes a good thing for a Minister on a holiday trip to keep his eyes open. It costs nothing and helps to sharpen up subordinates. Recently Mr Wheeler, thse Minister for Public Works, was in your district, and one of many excursions round and about the lakes was a trip up the Tambo River, where he spotted tihe principle upon which dredging for the Government is done: Accordingto Tambo practice, the proper course is to take the silt out of the river and place it carefully r.n the bank in'such a position that every time a vessel passes up or down the wash she occasions will undermine the heaps of loose alluvial taken out, and cause it to run back again into the river. Then you dredge it out again, and repeat as often as required. This practice has the double advantage of causing Go vernment money to circulate in the dis trict, and of keeping yourself in a job, but the Minister says lihe does not view it in that light, and in the most on sympathetic fashion intends to order that the silt shall in every case be piled on the bank above high water mark. So you see that sometimes it is a disadvantage to have a Minister of the Crown visiting thie district, especially one with eyes. But though "getting at" the Go. vernment is an admittedly social duty of all good citizens, it is not every day that it is so boldly avowed as it was some time back by tihe president of a well known shire in the Wimmera. That gentleman, who, by the way is a J.P., defends the practice, and avers that there is nothing wrong in "getting at" the Government. In fact lie seems to regard it not so much as a municipal privilege as an official obli gation. Certainly he may claim to have been justified by success. The municipality, impressed by a proper sense of tihe impropriety of having an overdraft, decided to make the Govern. ment endowment as large as possible, and with at end in view the councillors signed a joint and several promissory notes, discounted it, and paid it into the the municipal fund "as and for rates received," claiming the government en dowment on the full sum. As the ratepayers subsequently called and paid up, they were handed the receipts for their rates, but the money, instead of going into the municipal fund, was diverted to liquidate tihe joint and several. The odd thing is that some members of the council, the president notably, do not appear to consider there was anything improper in this peculiar proceeding, though they evidently felt.a twinge of conscience about it, for while defending the transaction on the some what remarkable ground that it wasn't criminal, and that everyone was justified in " getting at "tihe government, they suggested that it should be kept as quiet as possible, so that the knowledge of it should not reach the Public Works department. Of course it did, and an officer is to be sent up to investigate the circumstances attending this peculiar exhibition of municipal morals. Still this last mentioned little game is somewhat old and commonplace and cot nearly equal to the private streets dodge, which was the one adopted by a wealthier corporation to make both ends meet. Just before tihe close of the financial year an applicant asked for permission to have a private street con. structed, and forwarded a cheque for £1300, his contribution towards the cost of it. This was duly paid into the municipal fund on the 0Oth September, thus squaring the overdraft, and on the following day the council met and duly passed a resolution that in the interests of the municipality it was not desirable to construct that particular street, and therefore they returned to the applicant the amount lie had deposited. Thus was everyone made happy. There was no reflection cast on the financial position of the municipality, and tihe friendly contributor wasn't a moment out of his money. There is always an artistic way of doing thlings, which is preferable to tine bull at a gate style. 