I Sentence Suspended, ' I would have him nine years a-killing."—Othello. The light which pierced through the email panes ol the window and fell upon her booh ! was beginning to grow dim. Filmy shadows 1 gradually outlined themselves upon the walls of the room, marking the battle be- j tween the rays from the hearth- fire and those : from the setting sun. Together with the ; twilight came the chill air, settling down into the valley from the show-fields on the I mountains. S'jg shivered and drew the ] shawl a little closer about her shoulders. As she did so her eyes lilted to the clock on the heavy stone mantel. "It is growing late," said she; "he will] return very soon." She stepped to the door which led to the rear of the dwelling, and spoke a few words to the housemaid, iu a soft, clear voice, i Then, crossing to the other side of the room, she stood for a moment by the threshold which made the line between the veranda and ] the interior. It was the side entrance tc the ] house, and looking across a maze of unkempt flower-beds one could see some distance 1 down the road. She peered among the long shadows, but he was not in sight. She started to close the door, but remembering that he wonld then not be able to see the ] light of the room, turned away leaving it open. The fire had burned low; she re- j newed it with several large pieces of wood. ! It began to crackle and blaze and the light i danced merrily upon the wall, as if it were confident of victory over the sun. Now she arranged a large wicker-ohair— j his chair—in front of the hearth and shook out its heavy silken cushions. O ver the back she threw a velvet jacket of dark hue, and between the chair and the fire, she placed a pair of small but masculine slippers. After ! standing for a moment with her arms lean ing upon the back of the chair, she suddenly bent her head down and kissed the jacket. I Her fingers buried themselves in its soft texture with an almost frantic dutch. Then she gave a quiet little laugh, suoh as a woman of thirty who had caught herself in dulging in young-wife folly, and resumed her seat by the window. She was directly opposite the open door, | and by leaning a little toward the 'fire she could see out into the road. Yet she listened rather than looked, for she knew that the first impression which would come to her of his -nearness would be the sound of his j horse's hoofs, as they pounded upon the long wooden culvert some distance away. So she 1 sat, her vision drifting listlessly across the narrow porch to the gently waving branches of the trees. And she thought of him—of this man whom she loved with a passion that had made her forget the world. Suddenly she beheld an apparition just1 beyond the threshold of the door. There was I an instant during which she gazed with a ] questioning half-fear. Then she under stood. j It was only a dog—a gaunt, shaggy deer- i hound, with large, long limbs and a wolfish ] head. He had come upon the porch so noiselessly and so quickly that he seemed to materialise before her vision. Now he crouched and watched her without moving. ■ And she sickened with the iey chill of dread.: With a long, hard effort she drew in her breath and tried to speak, but ber throat waB frozen. She eat rigidly upright; — staring into the small gray eyes of the ' dog—dumb as the apparition itself. But terror, like all the greater sensations of the sonl, holds tenure by a short lease. In a moment there was a reaction, and her j mind was firm although ber body still j quivered. . , - j She tried again to speak, and this time her voice obeyed. " Viking," she called, " come here !" But the dog did not move. She repeated , his name several times, speaking it loud6r and more firmly. Not a hair stirred. There was a deep, hoarse laugh, and a man's voice from the yard said : *' You need not try it. Viking is true to me." She did not start, for now that she ha a seen ths dog the presence of his owner wbh j no surprise; but the blood, which a moment | before had dropped out of her face, flushed j back, and every feature waB luminous with " excitement. ** Viking," called the voice; V here 1" The dog sprang np and suddenly left the porch. Then there was the sound of a crash ing among the bashes and flowers, as though some large' bundle were thrown down, and the voice said; " Viking 1 guard 1 stay here 1" Now was the moment to escape. She could go out from the other side of the bouse, run among the trees, and regaining the road some distance further down, could warn him of the danger which threatened his life and hers. She jumped np and started across the room, but in that instant came the heavy step on the verandah. It i was nseleeE. As she returned to the chair, the dark, figure of a man appeared in the] doorway. The space was harrow, the man immensely tall and large, so that as he stood for a moment on the threshold he I seemed to cut her off entirely from the light of the outside world. "Philip 1" The man in the doorway .bowed and then entered the room. He was clad in garments stained and tattered hy long use in rough out-of-door life. A shaggy black beard covered the lower part ol his face, and the slouched hat of a mountaineer was drawn down over his forehead. But his clear, strong eyes were visible, gleaming in the dim light. He crossed the room towerd the fire, still j gazing at her face. When ha came to the chair which she had arranged before the hearth, his eyes suddenly shifted and fell upon the jacket lying over the back. He lifted it up end held it at arm's length for an instant, glancing back and forth from her face to it with a peculiar smile. Then hie jaws came together with a snap, and gripping it tight in his great hands, he tore it to pieces. And the sound of that rending was strangely horrible to her. He brushed the chair to one side and came nearer to the fire. He did not notice the slippers, and the heels of his great heavy bo'.-ts came down upon their soft leather, crushing It like paper. Then he stood still, and looked at her and waited. At last Bhe found yoice to speak, and the words, to her own surprise, seemed to be ut tered wih perfect calmness. " You have come to kilt me." The man started back. " Ha 1 So that is what you were thinking. . . . Helen, how little you know me I" He drew his hand down the edges of the rough beard, watching her with a quiet, al most gentle gszs. And a great part of her terror suddenly disappeared. If her life were spared, she could certainly warn her j lover in time to save him. 1 " Only cowarcskill women," he said, " Then what is it—why are you here ?" For answer, he looked down at the torn fragments of the garment at his feet, and then through the open door up the road. " I-understand," she said, almost fiercely; " you intend to kill— him" "It would not te strange if I wished to take his life," he said; " the recompense would be small enough. Think of how much more than life he robbed me, when he lured yon away." •'-He did not lure me," she answered, Cilickly; " I loved him." "Yes. I believe that you did." " I love bim now," she buret out, pas sionately—" a thousand times better, if that I were possible, than I did when we—ws came J here. Life for me tolde nothing but this ' love—all the rest is gone. Yet I am happy j —you can not understand—I cannot tell i you " Bhe stopped, for his face wore a grim and terrible smile, visible even under the heavv | beard. *■1 have no dcubt that you were happy," said he, " though it is quite probable, as you say, that I fail to comprehend it." After a ] moment's silence, he continued; "HeleD, this is a scene which I have often pictured to myself during the past two years—when I should stand face to face with you and listen to what yon have to say in defence of your self and of him. I am curious to hear it all. Wil you not go on ?" He waited, but she did not speak, " Come, Yon say that you loved him and that you -were happy. Well, that is eomo tbine. What else have yon to offer ?" Nothing." " Perhaps I was unkind to yon. I did not intend ■" •'Nol nol" " Or it may be that yon felt I was not i trusting you as I should have dene ?" "Ob, Philip, spare me!" j | He pushed up his hat and passed his large,. bronzed hand over his forehead, smoothing j out the savage wrinkles' with which it was J i corrugated. His face was calm and Etern— ' without anger, but also without pity; and she, looking up through the fingers with which she had half-covered her eyes in ah instinctive gesture of shame, felt her heart - sink anew. ' It is Etrange, very strange," said he, slowly. She Baw in his eyes what he vras about to gay, and, lowering her handB from her face, looked steadily at him. " It is strange, Helen, that I should have loved you so well during these years we have been separated—and that I should still love you so well." "Yes; you must love me, indeed," Bbe said, bitterly. " I do,indeed,"hereplied; "you have just said that I could not understand how happy you have been—and are. Perhaps ycu can not understand in what way 1 love you." " I can understand how you would show it. Daring these years you have hunted every where to find me, that you might de stroy my happiness. At list you are success ful " " At last—yes—as you say." " And you will kill him—I know that you can kill him; and you are strong and he is not " "Yes," he interrupted, his face blazing again with the fury of hate, " I ceuld kill him. L might meet him down the road—it is growing dark. I could seize the bridle of bi3 horse, before he discovered me, and drag him down from the saddle. Then, with this knife I " the words ended in a long hiss. His rage did not frighten her as his calm ness did. The picture which he drew was horrible enough; hut it had somehow been familiar to her thoughts from the first moment when she had discovered the .dog. Her anger rose with his, and, springing out of the ehair, she confronted him with a de fiant, unfeminine sneer. " Yet you say that you love me, and yon know that this man controls aU my happi ness in life." He stared at her blankly for an inBtant, as if suddenly recalled to the situation. When he spoke his voice was quiet and sad. " Yes," he said, "you are right. It is so. He controls your happiness." Something inthe tone with which he spoke caused her to add, quickly: " And I do not fear to trust him with it.' " Ah," he said ; " that seems to come from your heart." '* It does." • " Then I am afraid that I have more to tell you than 1 supposed." ! She laughed scornfully. 1 " I can imagine whatyou would say—that, he will tire of me and——'" " Sit down and listen." It was a command, not a request, and it crushed the words back into her throat. She obeyed. "First let me correct a-little mistake," said heit may not seem important, yet it wiil serve to make yon understand my ac tions better. You eay that I haVe spent all of these years searching for you, and have just found you.'.' ."Yes." " Tell me what became of the dog whioh he formerly owned." She started and looked at him with won dering eyes. N "It was killed one night soon after we csmehere by some strange animal." " By Viking 1'' She crew in-her breath, with » short, quick gash, and repeated, in a whisper: "Viking!" " Yes. Now te!l me this. The cat's-eye, which I gave to you and ycu had set in a ring for him—where is it ?" " He was robbed—siyear ago-— • " she began, faintly, and he interrupted. " He was set upon late at night on the road near the tcwD, was he not, by a masked highwayman f Did he not deecribe the man to you—a great, strong fellow, silent as a ghost ? As for the ring He stretched out his clenched hand under her face, and from one cf the hairy fingers the cat's-eye lee: .d up at her. "While you have b-en living out your brief spaa of happiness here," said he, draw ing back his baud, " Viking and I have been quietly watching you frrm the mountains above-. His dog hampered my movements, so I had Viking kill him. Often at night, when you and he spent the evening to gether by this fire, I gazed on you through that window. You need not start and look around. I am here now, not there. For some reason, I could not endure it that he should wear that ring—so I stopped him on the road and took it away. " W by did I spare bis life? Why have I, through all this time, looked upon his happiness as a damned soul watches one in Paradise ? His death was from the first decreed iu my heart, but I have been content to allow the sentence to remain suspended. A hundred times he has come within reach of my arm—and I have drawn baok and eaid 'Not yet."' He stopped suddenly, and she, hanging upon his words, could not but stammer the question: " For what reason ?" "Because your happiness depended cn him—and I loved you. As long as he was true to you, be should suffer no harm from me." " Then what brings you now 2" He gazed long and fixedly at her without replying. Presently he said : " Can it be that you have no suspicion 2" "Suspicion of him? None," the said, proudly; " Strange! But now I remember that two years ago I myself had no ihcught—" ".' trust him, for I know that he loves me.!' " Yes, and I once trusted him for the samo poor reaBon. Now, listen : you rarely go to the town below, and you do not know how his time is spent." " That is true." " But I have those there who watch his every movement. I myself, in disguise, have often been near him for hours at a time. I know—and you do not. Now tell me, Helen, in the years that we were together—hus band and wife—did I ever seek to deceive you?" " No, Philip," she said, breathlessly. " Then you may know that you hear the truth from me now. This man no longer loves you; he has not been true to you. For some time he has been planning to go with a woman of the village back to " " It is false 1" " It is true! This very night " " It is false ! I will not believe it—I will not listen to it." She leaped from her chair and started across the room toward the door. He grasped her hand and held her firmly. "You shall listen. It is part of your punishment. This man, for whom you so readily sacrificed everything, has tired of you, and would throw you aside, as you would a flower that has lost its perfume. He would deEert you—abandon you—as you did me. His plans were formed some weeks ago. and this is the night that he est for his departure." He paused for a moment. " Well," she said, calmly. " Yon do not believe me?" "No." " Yet you Bay I never told you anything that was false." " Never, umil dow." He laughed savagely. " Well," he said, " the proof of all this is not far away. You are expecting him soon ?" " Every minute." " He will not come. Helen, he will never come to you again." "Ha," sr-e cried out, with a sudden scream ; " listen—listen ! Do you not hear it—the hoof beats cf hie horse ? He is com ing—coming now 1" She struggled to wrench her arm free from bis grasp. He loosed his hold and stepped to the door. It bad grown quite dark without, though the moon was slowly rifling above the topB of the trees. " Viking," he oalled alond to the dog; " charge—down 1" The animal crouched lower among the flowers over the dark object that he gnarded. She oontinued to repeat: " He is coming—he is coming," as though her power of thought could not pass beyond j the one idea. The man turned back toward j the centre of the room. Suddenly, with a suppressed cry, she fell on her knees at his feet, her hands clutching the folds of his long coat. . "My Godl" she screamed; "I bad for gotten. He comes to his death. Ton are i waiting to kill him. Oh, Philip " " Hush, woman 1" he cried ; " it is not he I" The sonnd of the hoofs of the galloping horse oame nearer. " I know that it is. It most be. Promise me that you will spare him. You are wrong, I tell you. He loves me, and is true ; to me. And Ire is coming back. Only spare his life—I will he your slave " He lore her hands loose from bis coat,and, lifting her to her feet, pushed her back into the chair near the fire. I "Listen—listen," he said; "I will pro mise yon this. Whoever comes shall depart unharmed by me. Do you understand ?" She bowed her head, trembling. The rider had come into the yard and was dis mounting near the door The bright light of the hearth-stone shone out over a small space on the verandah, toward which ehe turned her eager eyes. " Bat this is not your lover," he said, in a low whisper. . He oame to the door just as the rider's foot grated upon the step. She, listening, presently heard the sonnd of a strange voice. Some one bring ing a note for her ? From him 7 She started up, her hands pressed together, and her heart beating wildly with an an guishing dread. What did it mean 7 Now the rider mounted again, and there was again the thud of the hoof beats. They passed down the road, growing fainter— fainter—in the still air. Through the open door ehe could see beyond the fire-lighted floor of the porch, out under the treeB. There was a greBt round spot of white where the strong moonbeams centred through an opening in the branohes. How ronnd it was, and how white! It was odd that it should form that circle just where the dog lay. And the katydid'B note was so shrill, but all else silent. ... At last 1 His dark face appeared again in the doorway. In bis hand ha held a small white envelope extended toward her. She longed to reach out and grasp it, but her will seemed uneqoai to the task of lifting her arm. "Here," he said; "this is for you to read. Shall I make a light 7" " The fire—I can see," she muttered, feebly. She followed him nearer to ttie flames. He pushed the note into her hand, and with trembling fingers she sought to remove the envelops. ' "Let me take it," he said, and in a mo ment the shreds of the envelope were flutter ing to the floor. " Now read." She took the letter from his hand and held the opened sheet so that the fire- light shone fnll upon it. As her eyes fell upon the first words, ehe shivered and then cringed as if nnder the blows of a whip. "Go on,"he cried; "read all that he has to say." But she did not hear him. Her eyes were dizzily following the lineB down the page. " Now yon will understand why his sentence is no longer suspended, and why I am here to-night." The paper dropped from her hands, and she looked up at him. " Come," hesaid, hoarsely; " there is one thing more. Get up 2 Ha, you shall come if I must dreg you. You need not struggle. There, do you see in the moonlight—out of the way, Viking 1—do yen see it ?—come closer to the edge cf 1 be porch—his white face turned upward amocg the flowers? I killed him only ah boor ago, aDd brought j him here—to you. "Corns, Viking I Let us go back to our mountains." 