SPIRITUAL STARVATION. -2 When the great Achilles lay without meat and drink, refusing to be comforted, after the death of his friend Patrocina, Zeus sent Athene down from heaven " to distil nectar and delectable ambrosia into his heart," that his strength might not fail. in the plenitude of material resources afforded by this boun- tiful land, is there no dearth of spiritual supplies ? Is there no hunger of the soul, no yearning after the invisible ? Is there no danger of starving the imagina- tion for lack of something to feed upon ? We live too much in the present, in the spirit of the heathen Carpe diem philosophy, looking neither backward upon the glorious past, nor forward upon the unknown future. We seem to need some heavenly visitant sometimes to nourish the spiritual within us, lest it should perish altogether through inanition. In this now land, partly through the force of circumstances, partly through neglect caused by excessive devotion to material interests, we lack many of those subtle and mysterious influences that imperceptibly penetrate the spirit, suffusing it with warmth and light and nourishment. Think, for instance of the influence of bells, those solemn voices from the clouds, Speaking to care that hear of the eternal verities of life, death, and judgment. Think of the mighty imaginations -to have been profoundly impressed by boils ; of the literature that has clustered round them. Read Thackeray's " Notes of a Week's Holiday," in those inimitable Round- about Papers," where he describes the effect of the carillon of Antwerp Cathedral show pleasant to lie awoke and listen to the cheery peel ! Whilst the old city is asleep at midnight, or waking up rosy at sunrise, or basking in noon, or swept by the scudding rain which drives in gusts over the broad places, and the great dining river, or sparkling in snow which dresses up a hundred thousand master, peaks, and towers, or wrapped round with thunder- cloud canopies before which the white gables shine winter ; day and night the kind little carillon plays its fantastic melodies overhead. The bombs go on ringing. Quat waves ocean, tortuous languid, ful- guns ranging ; BO on to the past and future tenses, and for how many nights, days, and years " Then, with his magnificent genius, he makes to pass before our eyes in splendid panorama the succession of famous scenes, some' gorgeous, some pathetic, seems dreadful, that the bells have rung their changeless chimes throughout. Or read Schiller's famous Lied von der Ghosts, where the poet describes the important port the bell plays in the successive stages of human life ; how it announces the christen- ing of the infants' the marriage of the young man, and the " lost road " of the head of the household. He prefixes the Latin motto, alluded to by Thackeray, which is cast upon the great bell of the cathedral at Schaffhausen, to describe the different functions of the church bell ; trees two, marines plane, fulgura, frange. Both those great poets (for Thackeray, to use Dryden's phrase, instead of running his thoughts into verse, " gave them the other harmony of prose,.') both those great poets felt the solemn suggestiveness of bells. " I call the living, I bewail the dead." They call the living, because they bewail the dead. They call the living from the engrossing present to thoughts of the post and the future. Who that has spent his childhood beneath the shadow of some great cathedral in the motherland, and bowed his spirit under the overmastering surge of clash and clang from the belfry in the clouds, but knows the strange emotions, the tender memories, the hallowed thoughts, awakened by a peal of bells f Or, think of that lovely quaint refrain, that, once stealing into the fancy, over after affords infinite solace to the weary through the heat and burden of the day so the day weary, be the day long At length it bringeth to evensong" Ringoth to evensong ! What fair visions of peace and rest rise before the imagination ! Sorono tranquillity, soothing to the spirit, worn with life's fitful fever, like the shadow of a great rock in a dry and thirsty and the dim religious light, the white-robed choir gliding through the long-drawn aisles ; the setting sun, gleaming through the purple robes of saints and martyrs in the storied window and over all, the sweeping tide of melody as the mighty organ BWCHB through the sacred stillness. Ah ! who can tell what gracious influence might distil upon the parched spirit of this eager, restless city, like dew upon the mown grass, if we had a mellow and sonorous peal of bells? Or what shall we say of the influence of a national Valhalla, where the mighty dead lie buried together, Uko Westminster Abbey, which inspired Tickell, the friend of Addison, with those noble lines on the burial of his home ? now silent did his old companions tread, By midnight lamps, the mansions of the dead j Through breathing stature, then unheeded things, Through rows of warriors, and through walks of kings. Addison himself reflects thus, as he reviews the tombs in Westminster Abbey :-" When I look upon the tombs of the great, every emotion of envy dies in me ; when I read the epitaphs of the beautiful, every inordinate desire goes out ; when I meet with the grief of parents upon a tombstone, my heart melts with compassion ; when I see the tomb of the parents themselves, I consider the vanity of grieving for those whom we must quickly follow; when I see kings lying by those who deposed them, when I conBtaor rival was placed side by side, or the holy men that divided the world with their contests and disputes, I reflect with sorrow and astonishment on the little competitions, factions and debates of mankind. When I read the several dates of the tombs, of some that died yesterday, and some six hundred years ago, I consider that great day when we shall all of us be contemporaries, and make our appearance together." We need some solemn and majestic pile like this to link us with the great and good of other days. That was a grand conception of " the old man, eloquent," though, alas i buried beneath the flood of contempt most undeservedly poured, -upon it, that of the State House, where our poets, our patriots, our statesmen, though dead, might have spoken to our descendants. Where we to lay the honoured dust of our mighty men? Is it to be scattered, no man knowing where, without honour, without distinction, without worthy companionship? "For there is no remembrance of the wise more than of the fool for over ; seeing that which now is, in the days to come shall all be forgotten." Or think of the gracious memories that gather round the home of our childhood. In a novel that was in considerable vogue some two or three years ago, called " The Silence of Dean Maitland," it is related how that fascinating but perfidious ecclesiastic moved his rustic audience to tears by his pathetic rendering of Hood's simple poem, " I remember, I remember, the house where I was born." He touched a. chord that vibrates responsive in every heart. How the dullest scene is transfigured into a von this land of Beulah in that golden glamour that over rests upon the days of youth ! How much we miss of pensive suggestion, of softening association, in this restless land where we are never at one stay, but forever hurrying to and fro in the eager pursuit of wealth. Like rolling stones we gather no moss of peaceful habitude. We never learn to love a place by long companion ship to it becomes as familiar as the face of a friend, and we can read much sympathy and consolation legibly written therein. We never fool, with Keats, that .? Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness ; but still will keep A bower quiet for us. Houses are to us more bricks and mortar, as the primrose on the river's brim was a yellow primrose and nothing more to Peter Bell. In Pepys' Diary we road of a house belonging to Bishop Bridge- man, in the great hall window of which '. he caused four great places to be left for coates of arms. In one he hath put the Levers, with this motto, 'Olim.' In another the Ashtons, with this, 'Henri.' In the next his own, with this Monday.' In the fourth nothing but this motto, . Cras never enjoy.' " How literally true this is of most Australian houses ! And yet is there not something inexpressibly Bocrcd about an old house, where every chamber is fragrant with memories of bygone days, and haunted with vanished 'faces of those love We justly value the infinite possibilities this favoured land affords to every man to raise himself to power and wealth like that " divirloly-giftod man,'' "Whose life in low state began, And on a simple village green ; Who breaks his births invidious bar, And grasps the skirts of happy chance, And breasts the blows of circumstance, And grapples with his evil star. But in what we contemptuously regard as the hopeless stagnation of other countries may there not be some compensation is content nothing? To live in some quiet country town where our fathers lived before us, in that golden mean which is neither poverty nor riches, satisfied with what we have neither horses nor craving for wealth-does notions come very near happiness ? Happy the man whose hope and care A few paternal acres bound, Content to breathe his native air In his own ground 1 OrJ again, think of the spiritual significance of twi- light. In these latitudes we pass almost unconsciously from the intoxicating radiance of the sunshine to the seductive glamour of lamplight, with no solemn inter made for reflection, as Isaac meditated in the fields at eventide." We spend the sunshine in getting gain, and the lamplight in seeking pleasure and thus we drift on and on, and to-morrow and to-morrow, and to-morrow " bocomesto-day, and to-day becomes yesterday, and " all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death." And yet how little we think of death. We live in perpetual summer and Charles Lamb said he found it almost impossible to believe in death in the summer. in a genial August noon, beneath a sweltering sky, death _ almost problematic." We miss the unspeakable solemnity of the long summer evening, when the daylight changes from glory into glory as it slowly fades away, and the shadows lengthen over the land. " Light thickens, and the crew makes wing to the rooky wood." We miss the benign sanctity of that Sabbath hour when the busy hands are folded peacefully, the weary eyes are closed, and the throbbing brain is still, when the spirit is free to wing its way to pastures of its own, " into the Silent Land. We miss the meaning of the slowly waning sunshine to symbolise the imperceptible ebbing away of the individual life. With us the sunset falls too much as a sudden catastrophe too swift, too momentary, to leave any serious impression on our minds. We have no time for pensive imaginings. Our lives are set too much in the key of " L'Allegro " : they need more of the melancholy music of "II Ponscroso." We would not always be walking in darkness and the shadow of death ; we would not be "over climbing up the climbing wave, and utterly consumed with sharp distress ; " but -perpetual sun shine, shadowed by a cloud ; ceaseless gaiety, un- broken by a sigh, a tear, a groan are those things untempered blessings for poor human nature ? Or, again, think of the music of singing birds, Virgil's The witty concerns in agris, " that symphony of warblers in the woods," that makes us feel with Browning, in the springtime, when the lark on the wing, that God's in His heaven All's right with the world ! What an indefinable charm the song of English birds leads to the country ! And why should we not have the same pervading melody to entrance our spirits with its sursum corda 1 Why should not the cathedral solemnity of our magnificent National Park be relieved by the anthems of a tuneful choir? Those peaceful groves, consecrated to Nature, where the deep silence is never broken by sacrilegious firearms, would be at perfect paradise for birds. There the nightingales would find the very haunts they love among the lodge near the water, and never need to flee to warmer climes. We might hear such delicious musical Shelley describes : There the voluptuous nightingales Aro awake through all the broad noon-day I When one with bliss or sadness fails, And through the windlass ivy hough, Sick with Sweet love, droops dying away On its mate's music-panting bosom ; Another from the swinging blossom, watching to catch the languid CIORO Of the lost strain, then lifts on high The wings of the weak melody. -di some new strain of feeling bear The song, and all the woods are mute. "When there is heard through the dim air \ The rush of wings, and rising there like many a lako-sun-ounilol Pluto, Hounds overflow tile listener's brain, So sweet that joy is anno- pain. How jubilantly that leafy sanctuary might ring with the liquid notes of "the wise thrush," who sings each song twice over, Lest you should think he never could recapture The fast Unto careless rapture 1 How Follow the fluting of that Chrysostom among birds, the blackbird, with his " golden bill and silver tongue," would resound amid the echoing glades ! How the chorus of thanksgiving might be swelled by the humbler but yet melodious minstrels, the bullied, the goldfinch, and the linnet, whom Wordsworth thought not unworthy to immortalise One have T marked, the happiest guest In all this covert of the blest : | Hail to thee, far above the rest in joy of voice and pinion t Thou, -innot 1 in thy green array, Residing spirit here to-day, Dost lead the revels of the Slay, And this is thy dominion There is really nothing to prevent the acclimatise tion of British songsters in this sunny land. The most musical and contented member of the writer's household at this moment is an English bullfinch, which has lived an open and a sojourner for more than seven years from its native land, blithely endur- ing all the vicissitudes of heat and cold with unimpaired vigour and cheerfulness. It would not cost much to import a few hundred of the choicest warblers from England, and loose them in the National Park, where they would be protected from the murderous shot-gun of the cockney sportsman, and allowed to multiply in peace. Surely the trustees might spare a few pounds from their funds to add a charm to this beautiful retreat that is still lacking, and that nothing else can give But why all this random talk about birds and bells, old houses, State Houses, and long summer overlings? Truly a strange medley and yet there is a sort of connecting thought running through all this jumble of incongruous fancies. To revert to the illustration with we began our flogging spirits often good some heavenly sustenance, OF Achilles would have fainted had not the goddess of wisdom nourished him with celestial food. There is something within the soul of all of us that craves satisfaction call it imagination fancy, poetry, what you will-and this spiritual hunger must be satisfied with spiritual food. If we give it a stone when it cries for bread it pines away and dies, and we got rid of the unpleasant sensation, but we lose our higher nature and become more animals, like the crew of Ulysses, who wore changed into Bwino by the enchantress Circe. It is true those influences will not satisfy the soul, but they will keep it from perishing with hunger, and haply lead it to higher things. 