THE DOCTORS SHOOK THELE HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American re cently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to bay the ar:icle even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all be had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his stery, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work thrcugh sickness. In D.cember, 182, whilst lring at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eatine, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fiil wi h water and slime, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell co I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I rvomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish. green phlegm. I hada racking cough,and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blooeed rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath, and had to call the doctor, and was in bed fiveor six weeks. "Ithen went as out.patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin I wes like a ghost *alking about, and my friecds said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recom mendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, * You are in a galloping consumpltion, and must die;' the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but slhook their heads. "Getting a trifle better, my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his wardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and:then would be away for a few days. Things went on hke this until December, 18SS, when I caught cold, got vwry short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spit ting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and eras afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched, and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managei to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sittinmg or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but skin and bone, and was so n.rvous 1 couldn't bear the least noise, and the chil. dren at play quite upset me. "The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, 'I con do you no good; I can only patch you up ,ecase your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine, and tried eve:ything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. Bat nothing did me any gcod, and my friends who came to see me said, Wtell, you won't cough much longer, you hare merely to prepare for another world.'l" 'About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tomn, didyou eoer cry Mother Seigel's Syrup ?' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He epoke so much in praise of this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle a MIr. Smith's stores in Victoria street. After the first dose I had an eva coation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fellasleep, and felt res'ed when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more 1 was able to'go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life, and hare continued so ever since. In giving his con.ent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskn requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey °2 years, and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? Rot galloping consrumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thoughtj), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is Eo often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielled, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily con gratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking peoDle. 