NOTES oir POPULAR SCIENCE. ' (By tfi* Science Correspondent of the Australasian.) 1 The reigu of the Prince of Peaae has not yet commenced, or ehe the peace makers are those who make a oountry desolate, then call it ' peace.' There is a grim truth in the logio that the best way to preserve peace is to be prepared for war. Nevertheless it is melancholy to.think of the seientifio genius which ie deflected into warlike pursuits and preparations. Here, for instance, is another new explosive in Vented. It has been termed eorasite, and its French etymology signifies its terrible power to efface, men and' women off tbe faoe of the earth. Its explosive power is stated to be Bsven times that of dynamite, and it is ser viceable alike for Gannon and cart ridges. , It will ' cause a bomb-shell practically to. demolish a line bf 500 men: It ought, therefore to 'be . very popular in military oircles, as it would give a chance of promotion. All, potato-growers are! acquainted with the faot'that oooasionally' one of . their tuberB ie found perforated by the ftFAAmncr nnlflrffrnnnn fttam nf mida plant. In the last number of the | Gardeners': Chronicle there is figured a potato' perforated thus by conch grass. 'That is common enough, but not so the ,true interpretation, which, by the ring of it, I suspect to be that of the wise editor, Dr. Masters: — ' The roots of the plants are formed within the substance of the plant, and make their way out from the centre to the ciroumference, hot only by pressure exerted daring' growth, bnt by secreting a ' digestive ferment wbioh softens and dissolves tbe tissues, and . allows of the emergenoe of the root. Tbie roots of the couch-grass ooming into oontaot with- the potato exercise a similar property, and are thas en abled to pfenetrate the tuber.' Tbe italioissd parts in. the above sentence are my own.' Professor Herdman, of the new Liverpool University College, is one pf onr moBt active zoologists. ' His . researches among the .oomponud ascidians have made him well known . in the seientifio' world. Regarding these interesting and world-wide marine creatures, whoBe place in the arrangement of -the zoologioal genea logical tree has ' been so often dis cuBsed, Professor Herdman thinks the. compound ascidians are hot'the sur-' viving descendants of a single' group of ancestors, but have descended from . several stems, which have arisen in- ' dependency : froni different lands of Simple r ascidianB. In his study of these ' complex Organisms, rendered more complicated than ever by the un expected faotors which Dr. Herdman. has been obliged to import into the question, the old question of what a 'speoies' really ia orops up again. It' would eeem bb if the metaphysics of medieval schoolmen were inherited by modern scientists, just' as .the lower animals inherit disused organs. Speaking on this subject, Professor Herdman sayB : — ' Nowthat we know just as muoh and how little the term 'ispeeieB' indicates,' it haB beoome of great importance that speoieB and varieties should'be re-Btudied from the evolutionary standpoint^ that the re lations of allied forms 'should be care fully investigated, tbe limits of tbeir variation determined, and the effect of their environment ascertained.' Dr. Haee, an Italian entomologist, has devoted some time to the speoial study of the odoriferous organs pos sessed by Indian and Australian but terflies and moths. Sometimes the , odours exhaled by the males will at-' tract the females some distance, and frequently the opposite is the case and the female odours signal to the males. Generally, however, it is the male odours whioh are most attractive.. Dr. . Hase has been closely investigating the special parts of the insect whence these important odours are exhaled. In some of the butterflies he has found tbem in tbe shape of odoriferous scales , on the wings, op the upper surfaoes in . tbe heteromorpha. 'Sometimes tbey are placed on the front, and at others on the hind pair of wings. In one group of lepidoptera (Cbseroeampa) tbe odour glands are placed on the neok, in the sphinx moths on the belly, . and in the danaidte and others near the genital' brganB. In many, butter flies the parts of the wings whiob rub against eaoh other in flight bear oom tplex Combination of odoriferous soales ' and hairs. It is n early half-a-oentnry since Pro. fessor Liebigdenounoedtbeprpfligate waste of valuable ^fertilisers. He 8boired that substances of even greater inbney value than the fasoiaatinggold, then heing worked in. California and ^istipia, traveling ' Seawards, in ese^' river and ^tream. , The fertility of Enropeiin fields was, every (lay wasted with ? riptouB extras vagance. Thenoe iorward, as the people increased and. multiplied, and; fcvjery , city and town congratulated itself how largely it had added to its population since the_ last census, the. sewerage difficulty , crept up, and. endeavoured, like a pauper, to 'gain a settlement.' Town councils behaved civilly to it at first, for it was a new-oomer, and tbey invited it to take a front seat. Tbey ware glad to hays something to talk about, and the sewerage qaeBtion beiDg then a very small one, they talked about it well,' for town nounoil lors oan generally tdk best and longest on let minutwima. ' s h;:-. JuBt as the peoplp increased: eo did the sewerage difficulty. „ From heing a favour ed gusst-attown counojlmeet- ; ings,' it ' floon.; pa8sed t on ..to bs slighted one, ifaxt it became a. ' bore,' then a ghost-^-wWoh# nowf ever, .only haimted apuncillors every election vtime. - JSventnally It beeame a tyrant, 4o be bribed, pff hy the under taking oj expensive engineering works, the1 ratepayers fueling .they were keep ing' the Goths from the gates pf -Bome. Xd ibis-way ope city paid , more than: £100,000 to keep the enemy from the gate, and it is now preparing to.pay a seoond and perhaps a larger tribute. The whole civilised world admits tbat our, Bo-called sewerage: system is a failure sad worse. It is even more so than when iiiebig.denounosd it . forty or fifty years ago like ;a socially chemical ' Ibsen.' Half the people in a populcus town baye no other TilUiU MM9U Joiliting thw to pwwn the other hslf-~just as Dr. Wendell Holmes says he can understand why . so many millions of human beings exist only on the theory that they furnish oarbonid aoid gas for the vege table kingdom to feed upon. With prophet-like eyes many an economical chemist has studied and experimented with a view to settling our sewerage difficulty. OurfirBt view of that is to remove the ' nuisance.' . In that bminons word is wrapped up not only the first: sense of offence to the nostrils, : bnt the host' of epidemics whioh may at any time issue forth, like the evil'genii' of Some Arabian Nights story, to spread disease, distemper, and death among out loved 'and honoured oneB. Then what is the good of our wealth ? Rachel weepB for her children, in the palace as well as tbe cot, and cannot be comforted. The inoreaBing poison traps favour the development of ' miorobesj' ' microzymes' ' bao- ' teria,' ' bacilli,' and a. host of others we' knew nothing , about until our fatbers bred themby sewage systems, just as the biological students cultivate their 'germs ' artificially on 'gela- tine ' in the laboratory. In faot, an ignorant sewage system is a germ breeder and distributor on an . enor-. mouB saale; and yet people wonder , why suoh new and apparently in fectious diseases as influenza spring np -amongst us. Consequently I am glad to draw attention tp a lengthy paper in the last number of the Contract Journal on Sewage Dis posal. ' It seems .to be the first break of real sunlight out of a very cloudy sky. It iB the record of lengthy experiments on tbe value of alumine ferrio as a sewage precipitant and neutralise^ . a stopper of vile smells, and the possible .arrester and utiliser of sewage fertilisers. Ensilage. — The writer is of opinion - that the reason why the silo, provoked so mnoh opposition and made so many . enemies ,at first was because '-the methods of keeping silage were, not well understood, and top muoh un BeceBBaty work was done,; and that . without producing good results.. . Far mers. took too much /pains, and did more work than ^ was needed. - Heavy weighting for instance, whioh is now known to be rather a disadvantage, was considered moBt important. The.-, silage for some distance down under the heavy weight was usually spoiled beoause the weight, being solid and not porous, would retain the heated and moist air wbioh rises .as fermen tation begins. The too olose packing, whioh- was also practised, proved to be a great mistake, as it prevented fer mentation . by partially exoluding the air. Fermentation; should be allowed to. begin, then keep the top of the silage covered with a. foot of dry straw, and the air will be expelled through it. If air is kept out of the sides and corners, not enough fermen tation can occur to make true silage. A well-filled silo will be among tbe , beBt stands a farmer oan make against a period of soaroity. Simple wooden silos, whioh maybe ereoted in a corner of the barn,, are muoh better than stone or conoreie.— Home and Farm. Madame de Bonnemains, who per suaded . General Boulanger to fly to Brussels, and accompanied himin his flight thither, has just died of heart disease in that city, at' the age of thirty-eight. - She had teen divoroed from her husband, an officer in the French army, and when she beoame the mistress of the man on the black boree she was induced to believe that 'he would-be successful in' obtaining a divorce from his own wife. But he. failed to do so. About 'a year' before her. death a lady bequeathed her a life ^interest in the revenue aocruing from V capital of £48,000, bat as this- bas died with ber, and is understood to have been the mainstay of the general, he is likely to fall into necessitous oironmstances. A remarkable operation in' -the way of grafting has just been reported to the Aoadeiny of Medicine in Paris, where it was perfomed by a yonng praotitibner 1 named Rioard. The patient was a female aged forty, who in April last was admitted to the hospital of St. Antoihe, suffering from a tumour on the right side of the orbito-frontal region. She was placed nnder chloroform, the ' tumbnr was removed, and also a portion' of the . skull about as large as a crown-ipieoe. Into the orifice' was fitted a corres ponding fragment of the skull of a dbg, saorified for. tbe purpose.' No j pain Was:8abseqdently experie'noed by ' the patient, and in ten days tbe : reunion of the new bone with the old ; Was completely iaobopmplished.1- She was discharged from the hospitali and . at' tbe late striate .thegraft^Was ? found ^ to'beaS -solidassts iarimiMi'p' ; ! \- :in-^ American eoien'tist :;;mtte:rihei , Attention, of bisi orai^tr^en ^to' the ' alamingfMttihat'somethreeTOillibn' aores of -mountain forests, ! represent ing the last remains of the great J wdodland-' districts' -bf the'- 'United. States,- have been doomed tothe axe, in jspite *-f theeverinoreaBingdeBtrno tiveness of spring1 floode. In Nash ville' (done 1000 bousss had to be ' abandoned before the middle . of Maroh j last; 560 in Cinoinnati, «hd;710;ln/j Alleghany. Vhe rainfalls had ' -npt 1 been exoessive, but there were no forests oh the hills to retain the irioie- .j tare ond condnct it tb subterranean ; spring8lindchahnek.'=?Ak8Ureasthe, .devastsition bf -thess fores ts JiS per mitted to1 cbntinuei' ' he writes, ' the time is near when the^lbw lands of lhe lliSfeasippiVftlliey wdlhedamaiged at the avbrage'ntte of -a hundred jnil jion delUas a year, and when some fifty-five cities will have to undergo the borror of on annual deluge, eqniv alent to the bavoo of a yearly bom bardment;1' ? A Russian agriculturist has found that the rapidity of the germinating .gro wth of many 'seeds, suoh as peas, beans, rye, clover, :&o.;, can be -nearly doubled by subjecting them imme diately before sowing for. about two minutes to the action of an ordinary galvanio current of moderate strength. Lord.Palmerston'a good' humour as a distiuot element of his character is Well known. We find it even during his last illness, when his physioian was forced to mention death. ' Die, my dear doctor 1 ' he exolaimed. ' That'll the last thing I (hall do,' \- Thb' Fibsi Telboeaph. — Professor Weber, who recently died at Gottin gen, was not,~as has been claimed by the German press, the original in- . ventor of the telegraph, whose honours ' :? have been unj ustly worn by Morse and Wbeatstone (says a London contem porary). Tbe very first to invent an , eleotric telegraph was, as might have been expected, a Scotsman (for the Sootoh seem to have a foremoBt finger in every pie)— namely, Charles Morri son of Renfrew, who, according to his neighbours, 11 could lickt the hooee.wi reek (ooal gas) and speak wi lioktnin (lightning).' ThiB wbb sb early aB the middle of last oentury, many years before Weber was born. Laplaoe and Ampere in 1821 also invented a tele graph very similar to Weber's, whioh dates some fifteen years later. It was the merit of Wheatstone and Morse that tboy brought the telegraph into use. Nearly, every civilised oountry claims.this invention.' The irrigation system of Nsw Mexico is now being inspected by .Colonel Hinton, ehief of tbe irrigation division ofthe United States agricul tural department. In Eastern New Mexico alone he finds ~ that nearly 600,000 acres of fruit and farm lands bave been reclaimed by the construc tion of storing reservoirs and canals during the past two years, the largest enterprise of tbe kind having costa' little leas thai 2 dol. an acre. As many tears have been shed over/ the tragioal death of poor Virginia off the ooast of the Isle of France during the last hundred years as would pro bably suffice to float a man-of-war. And now a matter-of-fact Frenchman comes along, named Paul Arene, and tells ns in an article published in L'Echo de Paris that that charming young lady was never drowned at all, . but was rescued, by Paul, that they' Were married in due time, and that th£ ceremony -was 'performed by M. de la Bourdbnnais, the Governor of the island. A goo'd msny people however persist in pinning their faith upon the tragic ending ef the classic stbiy as narrated by Bernardin de Saint-Pierre.' The idea of hanng been' defrauded of. tears is altogether intolerable. A yotmg ^oot waB once baiting, 'betwixt 'two loves, one possessed of. beauty and the other ef a oow. In despair of arriving at a decision, he . applied for advioe to a canny com- ; . patriot, who delivered himself thus : . ' Many the lass that has the coo, for' there's no the desference o' a eoo's valnein any two weenun in Christen dom.' A' Roman correspondent pf the Paris Figaro, who is understood to posBeBB speoial access to the . best sourest of information in the Vatican, thus explains the demooratio bias of the late encyclical : — The renewal of the triple allianoe iB regarded by the Pope as the ostracism of the church - by the old conservative monar cUies of Europe. Therefore he begins to steer the barque- of St. Peter in the direction of the maBses, and resolves . to take up tbe cause of -the peoples. : Freed from all former ties with sovereigns, Leo XIII will direot his efforts towards the ; emancipation «f labour.: The Catholic- press, :or at' suy rate that portion of it which re ceives its mot d'ordri from the Vatican, has already opened the campaign vigorously ; and the Pope, it is said, is animating himself for the new crn sade upon which be has entered by the reoollection that the common people heard the Saviour gladly, that. . Peter and Panl preached to them, and that the eharch favoured- the movement of the Communes, in the Middle Ages., By command , of the Emperor of Germany, Herr Herrfurth has issued ~ a general order to all the registrars of births in Prussia forbidding tbenr to . iuscribe npon the register any Christian ' same containing a political allusion. This has been found necessuy, it. is said, bebanse so many people Are b aptising their children Robespierre, ' Marat, Dan ton, Lassalle, Bebel, Liebkueeht/ and so forth. Parents are informed that they may. choose prefixes from the Bible, the Lives'. of - the Saints, and. the records ofheroism in -their national history ; but there ; they must stop. A man may ohristen his child Beelzebnb, or Pontius Pilate, - or Barabbas, or Judas Iscariot, or kZerubbabel, but he must not call him '. Bismarck, nor Windthorst, nor evta - Moritz Busob. If all the Prnssians are not extremely well-regulated machines and* perfectly true to the ' government pattern, it is hot for wont ; of the incessant and minute interven- ... tion of the -authorities in eveiy afiair - of life. : ' ' The Czar pf Russia is taking a'leaf - opt ofthe book of ths first Kapoleon.- - Henceforth every soldier iM the anny - |ila :|^ton'4n . bBBn issued rdirMitiiiy Hhkt the ^aoes * ' of offioers falling On'thelfield of battle ' ! ehall bs filled up from the ranks/ the : [ right of successioh being deteimined ' by the personal bravery and generd - good conduct of the privates to be promoted. Asturdyoountrymanwalkedintoa restaurant, asked for the bill of &re;, from whioh he mad« bis seleotipn. and ^ ordered aU the disbes to be served np ' at onoe.' Soon afterwards the waitu spireadoutheforbhimtheportisnp asked for, and dol^ cut with the asuA -parBithon'y.v : The ' huugry 'buBtomer ? exatnined the' -plates ' one «ft9r3ho : : other, and sud, ' Vha^ll ' do ; your samples seem' all ri^ht j how huny up with the dinner.' ? ? ? ? ; An extraordinary incident opoursd at the Croydon Theatre recently dur ing the' performance. A painter named Wrigley, in leaning forward from tbe front seat :Of the gallery, everbalanoed and fell headlong - into ? . the pit, a distanoe of 40 ft. He for tunately dropped almost on his feetin an unoBcupied space, bnt narrowly clearing a man and a woman. Wrig ley got tip and, unaided, walked1 out of the theatre. It will,. saysi the Academy, interest many of our readers, and be a sur prise to not a few, to learn that another valuable work of Thoma.s & Kempis has lately been brought to light and authenticated. The title is, De Vita Christi MeditationeB. It bus been translated and edited by two ' cl^nwP; ii i m ia tbe 