REV. CHARLES OBINIQUY'S VIEW OF DR. NEWMAN. (Continued.) But had not Dr. Newman confessed his own treachery, we have, to-day, its undeniable proof in the letter of Dr. Pusey to the English Church Union, written in 1879. Speaking of Dr. Newman and the other Troctarians, he says : " An acnte man, Dr. Hawkins, Provost of Oriel, said of the ' Tracts,' on their first appearance, ' I know they have a forced circu lation.' We put the leaven into the meal, and waited to see what would come of it. Our object was to Oatholioise England." And this confession of Dr. Pusey, that he wanted to Catholicise England, is fnlly non- firmed by Dr. Newman (pages 108, 109), where he says : " I suspect it was Dr. Posey's influ ence and example whioh set me and made me set others on the large and more careful works in defence of the principles of the movement whioh followed" (towards Rome) " in a coarse of years." Nothing is more curious than to hear from Dr. Newman himself with what skill ha was trying to conceal his perfidious efforts in pre paring that movement towards Rome. He eays on that subject, page 124 : " I was em: harassed in oonsequence of my wish to go as far aB was possible in interpreting the Artioles in the direction of Roman dogma, without disclosing what I was doing to the parties whose doubts I was meeting, who might be, thereby, encouraged to go still further than they found in themselves any call to do." A straw fallen on the water indioates the way the tide goes. Here we have the straw, taken by Dr. Newman himself, and thrown by him on the water. A thousand volumes written by the ex-Professor of Oxford to deny that he was a conspirator at work to lead his people to Rome, when in the service of the Church of England, could not destroy the evident proof of his guilt given by himself in this strange book. If we want to have a proof of the supreme contempt Dr. Newman bad for his readers, and his daily habit of deceiving them by sophistries and iucorreot assertions, we have it in the remarkable lines whioh I find at page 123 of his Apologia. Speaking of his " doc trinal development," he says : " I wanted to ascertain what was the limit of that olaBtioity in the direction of Roman dogma. But, next, I had a way of enquiry of my own which I state without defending. I instanced it after ward in my essay on 1 Doctrinal Development.' That work, I believe, I have not read since I published it, and I doubt not at all that I have made many mistakes in it, partly from my ignorance of the details of doctrine as the Church of Rome holdB them, but partly from my impatience to clear as large a range for the principle of doctrinal development (waiv- ing the question of historical fact) as was con sistent with the strict apostolicity and identity of the Catholic creed. In like manner, bb regards the Thirty- nine Articles, my method of enquiry was to leap ' in medias res ' " (123- 124). Dr. Newman is the author of two new sys tems of theology ; and, from hiB own confes sion, the two systems are a ompendinm of error, absurdities, and folly. His Via Media was " pulverised" by the vision of a ghost, when he heard the four words of St. Augus tine : " Securus judicat orbis terrarum." The second, known under the name of " Doctrinal Development," is, from his own confession, full of errors on ncconnt of his ignorance of the subject on whioh he waB writing, and his own impatience to support his sophisms. Dr. Newman is really unfortunate in hiB paternity. He is the father of two literary children. The first-born was called Via Media. But as it had neither head nor feet, it was suffocated on the very day of its birth by a "ghost." The second, called " Doctrinal De velopment," was likewise not viable. The father was so shocked with the sight of the monster, that he publicly confessed its defor mities and cried out, "Mistake! mistake! mistake 1" The troubled conscience of Dr. Newman haB forced him to confess (page 111) that he was miserable, from hiB want of faith, when a minister of the Church of England and a Professor of Theology at Oxford : " Alas ! it was my portion for whole years to remain without any satisfactory basis for my reli gious profession 1" At pages 174 and 175 he tells us how miserable and anxious he was when the voice of his conscience reproaobcd him in the position he held in the Church of England, while leading her people to Rome. At page 158 he confesses his unspeakable confusion when he saw his supreme folly in building up the Via Media , und heard the crash at the appearance of a ghost. At page 123 he acknowledges how he deceived his readers, and deceived himself, in bis "Doc trinal Development." At page 132 he tells as how he had not only completely loBt the confidence of his country, but lost confidence in himself. And it is after this humiliating and shameful course of life that he finds out "that the Church of Rome is right 1" Must we not thank God for having forced Dr. Newman to tell as through what dark and torturous ways a Protestant, a disoiple of the Gospel, a minister of Christ, a Professor of Oxford, fell into that sea of Sodom called Romanism or Papism 1 A great lesson is given as here. We see the fulfilment of Christ's words about thoae who have received great talents and have not nsed them for the " Good Master's honour and glory." Dr. Newman, without suspecting it, tells ua that it was his course of aotion towards that branoh of the Church of Christ of which he was a minister, that caused him to lose the confidence of his country. That troubled him so much that it cansed him to lose that self- confidence whioh is founded on onr faith and onr anion with Christ, who ib oar roc k, oar only strength in the hoar of trial. Having lost her Bails, her anchors, and her helm, the poor ship was evidently doomed to become a wreck. Nothing could prevent her from drifting into the engulfing abyss of Popery. Dr. Newman confesses that it is only when hiB guilty conscience was uniting its thunder ing voice with that of his whole country to condemn him that he said, " After all, the Church of Rome is right 1" These are the arguments, the motives, the lights which have led Dr. Newman to Rome ! And it is from himself we have it 1 It is a just, an avenging God who forces his adver sary to glorify Him and say the truth in Bpite of himself in this " Apologia pro vita sua" No one can read that book, written with almost a superhuman skill, ability, and fine ness, without a feeling of unspeakable sad- nesa at the sight of suoh bright talents, such extensive studies, employed by the author to deceive his readers ; for it is evident, on every page that Dr. Newman has deceived himself before deceiving his readers. But no one pan read that book without feeling a sense of terror also. For he will hear, at every page, the thundering voioe of the God of the Gospel, " Because they received not the love of the Truth that they might be Baved, God Bhall send them Btrong delaeions, that they should believe a lie." (2 Thes. ii. 10-11.) What, at first, most painfully puzzles the mind of the Christian reader of this book is the horror whioh Dr. Newman has for the Holy Scriptures. The unfortunate man who is perishing from hydrophobia does not keep himself more at a distance' from water than he doeB from the Word of God. It seems incredible, but it is the fact, that from the first page of the history of his " Religious Opinions" to page 261, where he joins the Church of Rome, we have not a single line to tell ns that he has gone to the Word of God for light and comfort in his search after tratb. We see Dr. Newman at the feet of Daniel Wilson, Scott, Miiner, Whately, Hawkins, Blanco White, William James, Bntler, Keble, Fronde, Posey, As., asking them what to be. lieve, what to do to be saved ; bat yon do not see him a single minute — no, not a single minute 1 — at the feet of the Saviour, asking Him, "Master, what must I do to have 'Eternal Life'?" The sublime words of Peter to Christ, which are filling all the echoes of heaven and earth, these eighteen hundred yearB, " Lord I To whom shall we go ? Thou hast the words of eternal life 1" have never reached hiB ears 1 In the long and gloomy hoars, when his soul was chilled and trembl ing in the dark night of infidelity ; when his uncertain feet were tired by vainly going here and there, to find the true way, he has never heard Christ telling him : " Come unto Me. I am the Way ; I am the Door ; I am the Life I" In those terrible hours of distress of whioh he speaks so eloquently, when he cries (page 111) : " Alas 1 1 was without any basis for my religious profession, in a state of moral sickness : neither able to acquiesce in Anglicanism, nor able to go to Rome." When his lips were parched with thirst after truth, he never, no never, went to the fountain from which flow the waters of eternal life 1 Ooe day, be goes to the Holy Fathers. But what will he find there ? Will he see how St. Oyprien sternly rebuked the impudence of Stephen, Bishop of Rome, who pretended to have some jurisdiction over the See of Car thage ? Will he find how Gregory positively sayB that the Bishop who will pretend to be the " Universal Bishop" is the forerunner of Anti-Christ ? Will he hear St. Augustine declaring that when Christ said to Peter, " Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my Church ?"— He was speaking of Himself as the rook upon whioh the Churoh would stand. No. The only thing whioh Dr. Newman brings us from the Holy Fathers is so ridicalous and so unbecoming that I am ashamed to have to repeat it. He tells us (page 78), "I have an idea. The mass of the Fathers (Justin, Anthenagoras, Irenraus, Clement, Tertnllen, Origen, Ambrose) hold that, though Satan fell from the beginning, the angels fell before the deluge, falling in love with the daughters of men. This has lately oome across me as a remarkable solu tion of a notion I cannot help holding." Allow me here to remind you that, though the Fathers have written many beautiful evangelical pages, some of them have written the greatest nonsense and the most absurd things whioh human folly can imagine. Many of them were born and eduoated as pagans. They had learned and believed the history, and immortality of their demi-Gods ; they had brought those notions with them into the Churoh ; and they had attributed to the angsls of God the passions and love for women whioh was one of the most oonspiouons char acters of Jupiter, Mars, Cupid, Baochus, &c.; And Dr. NewmiD, whose want of aocuracy and judgment is so aften revealed and con fessed by himself in this book, has not been able to see that those sayings of the Fathers were nothing but humaa abberatious. He haB accepted that as Gospel truth, and he has been silly enough to boast of it. The bees go to the' flowers to make their preoious honey ; they wisely choose what is more perfect, pure, and wholesome in the flowers to feed themselves. D.\ Newman' doeB the very contrary : he goes to those flowers of pastageB, the Holy Fathers, and takss from them what is impure for his food. After this is it a wonder that he has so easily put his lips to the cup of the great enobantrass who is poisoning the world with the wine of her prostitution? (To be Continued.) 