The Two Detectives ; OR, Mountain Mag. A OOLDFIELD STOEY. ?' Oonnolley is right,' he. said, * and Strong is right. "We must go hack to Cale donia-and if we get there without loss of life, we shall be very fortunate. That owl, the first which hooted was Finlayson' and he told briefly what had occurred while they were in the buBh. ' And you think there was an answering call P' asked the Doctor. ' * I know it. It was a long way pfE. Of course I judged that it meant something, and so I gave my series bf 'tu whoos,' on the chance that they might prove some what confusing to the enemy. From the look on Finlay son's face I know I was right. But those answering calls-they were very near, and they, too¿ seemed to be. unexpected-I don't know what to think of them.' ' I'll tell you,' broke in Oonnolley : ' that was Strong. He told me so. He thinks as you do, sir, that the first call was from the robbers, and his Boheme was the. same as yours : to confuse them.' 'Well, if we have succeeded in this, we shall get back to Caledonia with all our men. If not, there'll' be the odds against us, for we don't know the enemies in our midst. I doubt if Mack meant to let Oon nolley serve with us 5 he hoped better things of his drugged; liquor. It's my opinion, too, that Dalton is as safe here as any where, even with Hicks against him. Mack had scattered the Regulators and drugged their leader in order to have a clear field for his mob of ruffians. Dalton would have had to fight for his life last night if it hadn't been for that stage-coach and Dan Strong.' 'Umphl' said the Doctor, 'I guess we are in accord on that point ; Oonnolley ought to be willing to take our word for .it.':: ? . . . rv". . ' I am,'said Oonnolley quite'humbly. 'I hope,' continued Vernet, ' .that we can , prevail upon him to take our word for yet more. Mr. Oonnolley, since we agree that, it's best to go hack, may I ask what you, intend to do next PV 'Eh?' 'How do you mean to explain-to manage it ?' < I don't, mean to explain at all. In the morning I intend to muster my men for the march, and then tell them my mind.' Evidently, from his tone, he : expected the unqualified approval of his hearers. . 'And what is your mind?* persisted Vernet. ' My mind I'-in à burst bf ^indignation -' it's my mind to say my* say once and for. all i I'm goin'to tell'em that Hioks and Finlayson are snakes in the grass traitors ! I'm going to tell them what they have done. I'm going to say that I won't command a hand of men whom I can't swear by. And then I'm going to say that from the minute, the word, the Regulators are disbanded. I organised them ; I disband them. They can go back to Caledonia and do as they like ; I'm done with 'em all.' He ended with an upward tone of tri umphant self-approval; if his face had been visible through the ' darkness, they would have seen in it his expectation of approval from them. Instead of this, Doctor Mitchell's lips emitted a con-' temptuous ' Umph !' and t Van Vernet, after relieving himself by a' quick, forcible gesture of impatience, said sharply, per emptorily : 'Ridiculous! Not to be. thought of, OonnoUey.' Connolley's self-approbation had been sorely tried, and this was too much. ' Look hero,' he said hotly, ' I've stood a cussin' from the Doctor here, but hang me if I'm .going to take it aU around. I'd like to know what you mean by . takin' such a ' high hand P' As Doctor Mitchell was about to inter pose, Vernet said quietly : . * WeU, I think that you had better know what I mean. I do mean to hunt down these stage robbers, and I don't mean to ' let any man-even as honest a man as I believe you to be, Oonnolley-interfere with my plans by committing a blunder, though done with the best intentions in the world. It would-be a fatal mistake to disband your Regulators here and now. . But before I say why-Doctor, won't you just introduce me to Mr. Oonnolley ? We can't afford to lose his confidence : he will be the very man we need-after he has ceased to be a Regulator. 4 Umph !' said the Dootor ; * I must say you have an abundance of patience and hope-I'm disgusted with Connolley f or a thick-headed, obstinate, blind donkey. Why, you big Regulator, that man over there is one of the first detectives of this country. He's here expressly to root out these outlaws, and the Overland Stage Company has given him unlimited autho rity to act for them. He's even got it in his'power to call the United States troops to »Caledonia and put the tpwn under military control, if he sees fit. If you want to do something, Connolley, I advise you to cut loose; from you band,, give. Mack a wide berth- for you're no match ; for him-and enlist unconditionaUy under ' Mr. Vernet.' The last half of the Doctor's tirade had . quite obliterated the effect produced by the .first ; Connolley's natural resentment died : away in surprise. In his .helpless astonish ment he turned toward Dalton. I s this so P he asked. ' Yes,'answered Dalton, ' it's true. Mr. i Vernet is a well-known New York de I tective. I have known him as such for years.', Connolley caught; his breath, and was silent for a moment. When he spoke, his words carried to his listeners a bit of new rand interesting intelligence. ' Well, I'm blessedT he said, more than half to himself. ' I wouldn't believe they were right about you, Mr. Dalton.' 'How?' Dalton asked, carelessly. ' Why, in their notion that you was in some way interestediwith the Overland. I said Ii guessed not,' As Dalton was about to reply, he felt a warning touch upon his arm. It , was Vernet's hand, and he closed his lips. * Now,' said the doctor, who seemed in perfect rapport with Vernet, ' as time is precious, let's hear your ideas, Vernet; they'll be sure to interest Connolley.' Both he and Vernet knew their man. Connolley, crushed and convinced, and glad to escape a renewal of the dootor's .uncomplimentary frankness, muttered a low 4 Yes,' and Vernet began, addressing himself, with his usual tact, not to Con-r, jnolley but to all. 'We will not enter into explanations. ¡now, gentlemen, but simply review the facts. To begin, I will say that I felt as-, sured from the first that our raid would be , a failure, and I think I have not been alone,?. in this opinion.' , 'Dan Strong said the same thing I': > broke in Connolley, in his surprise at. the : coincidence. , 'No doubt he has his reasons,'said j Ver-, net, ' as we have ours. I have'become convinced that the men who ought to pro tect Caledonia, are, in . reality, its worst enemies. There's Mack, now ; that Theatre of his brings him in money fast, he ought to be a rich man, and yet he ;is not satisfied. He is in a position to see and deal with all sorts of people ; he is in everybody's confidence. Yet I firmly believe he is in collusion ,with a, band of outlaws, and that it is, he, more than our friend' here, who controls the Regulators.' Connolley started, and seemed about to ! speak. ' Wait,' said Vernet. ' I don't mean that all the Regulators are false, but that Mack has bought and owns some of them -two, at'least ; and that these manage to control when they can, and to circumvent when they can't control. That is why your robber hunts always turn out failures; why» when there is a crisis, and prompt action-is needed, the Regulators are inva riably scattered. Mack has, on his pre mises, a hidden rendezvous. He can meet outlaws, harbor them, plot with them, and never go out. of his own door. Now, what ' happened last night, when Strong called for volunteers ? Only a few., Regulators .responded, but among' these was Hedley. Ten minutes later, I saw .Mack whisper a few words in his ear. They understood each other- so well that Hedley only list ened and nodded. A moment later he told one of the volunteers that he was going after his horse. He went, and he has not been seen by any of us since. But I can tell you where he went. He mounted his horse and rode straight, across the prairie to, some outpost pf the outlaws, to warn ¡ ?them of our. movements. And Finlayson came with the party in order to furnish a means of communication. He made his first signal over there in the woods, and it was answered by Hedley, or some other of the robbers. Perhaps they intended an ambush ; perhaps only to mislead us. At any rate, the number of hoots given by Strong and myself must have puzzled them. Finlayson don't know what to do next; he will, pobably, try to get away and warn his confederates, or explain to them.' 'He can't do that,' said Connolley; Strong will look after him.' 'Now, don't you see, Connolly,' resumed Vernet, « that if you act as you propose, and disband your men, Finlayson and such others as are traitorously inclined, would at once be free to give warning; to i oin their confederates, perhaps, and lead them in an attack on our disorganised party. These fellows know that if they i could annihilate us, it would be a warning I,to all future searching parties.' There was a moment of silence, and then ; Connolley; said quite humbly: «;Ifve been a blind fool,; I can see it now. Convince me of the right and reason of a thing, and I'm with you. What shall I do P' ' * I'll tell you,' said Vernet. But he did not tell him then, for the doctor uttered a quick « Hist,' and they all turned their faces westward and listened. « It may be Strong, whispered Connol ley; and then he said, just above, His breath, * Who comes P' ./A friend,' answered a ^ low voice from the bushes. And then appeared one of the two men whom Connolley had set to guard Finlayson. / Strong sent me,' he whispered, crouch ing down before the smouldering fire, to bring his face upon a level with theirs. ' Finlayson's tried to sneak off into the woods, and come purty near doin' it, Strong's sure there's somebody hangin' about in the bushes. He says ye'd better git back soon'e ye can.' ' Doctor,' said Vernet, promptly, ' if you and Dalton wiU go to Strong, Mr. Con nolley arid I will join you in five minutes.' It was Connolley himself whok went about among the laggard ones early next morning, rousing them and bidding them hasten, f We want to be in the saddle in half an hour,' he said to them ; « we've got a long ride before us.' : But he did not name their destination until every man was mounted; then he reined his own horse out upon the roadside and raising himself in the stirrups called : .« Attention, Regulators I' The men promptly wheeled about and faced him. ' My men,' he said slowly, ' I have found .that we started out with too many odds against us. We have made some disco veries that justify me in ordering a right ! about-face. I want to see the edge of Ca ledonia before sundown. I ain't got no \ explanation to make here ; when we get ; back I'll teH you why we have concluded to, give up , this hunt. Pete Finlayson, I want you to ride ahead with Dan > Strong. Doctor Mitchell and Mr. Dalton have volun teered to lead Hick's horse, and see to his wounded hand. Now, boys, forward keep close together, quiet and orderly straight for Caledonia.' Dan Strong and Finlayson turned their horses northward, and the two Regulators who had slept beside Finlayson took place behind them without a word, and, such is the force of example combined witn. mys tery, the others, exchanging glances of wonder, and questions and comments in ; undertones, fell into line, and the whole cavalcade, Strong at its head, and Connol? ley arid Vernet bringing up the rear, rode back toward Caledonia. Once, when they were a long way toward Death Pass, Doctor MitcheU dropped back and reined his horse close beside Vernet's. I've been thinking of what Connolley said about Dàlton,' he remarked. ' If it was true, it would explain some things.' 'If what was true?'asked Vernet. ' Why, the idea that somebody has got the notion that Dalton might be a Secret Service Agent.' ' Pshaw 1 do you think that any one reaUy has that notion P' ' You heard Connolley,' replied the doc tor. ' Didn't you do something, make some sign, to prevent Dalton's speaking on this subject P' ' Why, yes. I didn't consider his denial necessary just then. It won't do any harm to let Connolley beKeve him a de- . tective.' ' Well,'said the doctor, ' I never should have thought it.' . Don't think of it now. Dalton's a gen tleman of leisure, and not a detective. I suppose Mack has trumped up this notion for the benefit of his lawless confederates, to get them to farther his schemes* the more easily.' ' Then you haven't suspected that possi bly Selwyn may have dropped a hint of this sort to,Mack?' Vernet looked thoughtful. « There might he something in that,' he said. 11 must discuss it with Stanhope.' « How did you settle it with him P' asked the doctor, nodding toward Oonnolley, who was riding a little to ; one side of them. « Capitally ; we understand each other. I He will act with us, and be a valuable help. He has got his cue, and I don't think he will make any more mistakes.' I * I saw you talking with Strong this morning,' ventured the dootor, after a i time. ! « Yes. That man's a host in himself ; he meets you half way, and understands a hint.. We've planned our next expedi tion already.' « Umph t may I inquire how many Regu lators you mean to take next time ?' ' One,' answered Vernet, smiling. « When we go out again it wiU. be to conquer, but not by numbers.' « How then ?' « By strategy.' When the robber hunters, voluntarily returning from their abandoned chase, had reached the outskirts of the town, Oon nolley hailed them. * Men,' he said, ' what I am going to say, is just this : We set out to hunt stage robbers, and if some of ye aren't satisfied with the way the thing's ended, I don't blame ye. There was an idea amongst UB that some spies were in the bush last night, and that if we. had waited we might a had a scrimmage. Now, I guess you all know me well enough to be sure that I wasn't scared out. If our enemies had all been in the bushes, we'd a been there this minute ; but the enemies we had to fear most was amongst ourselves, just waiting a chance to stab or shoot us in the back. There wasn't a ghost of a show for honest fightin' or for anything but jest murder. If I'd a found this out afore we started, there wouldn't been any start. If I.hadn't found it out at all half of us-the honest half, most likely-would a been corpses afore night. Senipe we've been a organised band, and ye'ye called me Captain, we've had some robber hunts, and we've allus failed. We couldn't see why. Now I say, from the very first we've had traitors amongst us. See if ye can't put two and two together. I ain't a goin' to point 'em out, nor to name 'em ; there ain't no need.' He paused a moment and then re sumed : ' Now men, honest Regulators and dis honest, as I was the t» one to organise this band, I am the one-to say that the Regu lators, of Caledonia are disbanded, from this time out, and I do say it. I give up my office of captain. You're your own men. Boys-you that are true blue-I'm sorry we must part this way, but it's the only way. I'm sorry I can't tell you my reasons for doin' as I am doin', but I can't. Now I say to you, do yer duty by your selves and each other, and don't trust any mah till you've tried him.' v His voice fell rather huskily at'the last, and with the final word he waved his hand, turned his horse's head, and rode slowly toward Caledonia. . ' It had been agreed that they should separate upon reaching the town, and when 1 Oonnolley turned, Doctor Mitchell made a stiff little farewell gesture to Vernet and Dalton, and rode straight toward his cottage. Then Dan Strong, Beeming to waken from a state of profound surprise, struck his horse smartly, and without one glance at the others gallopped after Oonnolley. At this moment a young man with keen, blue eyes, and a clear, resonant voice, rode out from among the Regulators, who had remained in their places, eaoh seemingly, waiting for the other to move. .Boys,' he said, wheeling and facing them,'before we break ranks I'd like to say a word to ye.' He paused and glanced askance at Vernet and Dalton. « We are de trop,' said Vernet smiling} and he touched his hat to the assembled band and rode townward, followed by his friend. They rode for a considerable distance without exchanging a word,, eaoh ap parently engaged with ' his own thoughts. Vernet's mind was hent on the doings of the past few hours, and the words ad dressed to the regulators by Connelly while Y ern et and his friends were present. As they were nearing their hotel, there came the sound of galloping feet behind them, and then Finlayson dashed past, accompanied by a dark-faced man, who turned his head to bestow upon Vernet a grin, and a significant wink. ' There's misohiëf brewing,' said Vernet, looking af ter the flying horsemen. « Where P* asked Dalton. ' Among those disbanded Regulators. That man with Finlayson is one of the tvrb whom Connolley set tb watch him last night ; and the one who addressed the men, as we left them, was the other. They both have good reason to think Finlayson one o!f the traitors.' That evening, beginning at sundown, Van. Vernet held a strange audience in Doctor Mitchell's cottage. First; it was Vernet, Dalton, and Doctor Mitchell who talked long and animatedly, seeming finally to agree, and to understand étích other perfectly. Then the Doctor ahd Dalton left the cottage and went town ' ward. _ ., Sbbin aftér Connolley came, and when he and Vernet had- consulted earnestlyfor half an hour, arid apparently had settled some vexed question, Vernet changed the subject by askingiábruptly : ' Connolley, had you and your Règu latprs no penalty "for traitors P' ' Why, yes,' replied ConneUey/ ' we had.' . 'What was it ?' ;:. ,-;. ] < Death, after a fair hearing/if the crime wasproved:' y. : _ ? ' I wonder/ ventured Verneig'/that, some of your mèn didn't demand1 the: name of the traitorsV ; . ]>.;,. .? ',. 4... » ' They knew better,' said their late leader. ' If I'd a had positive proof, I was bound to hame the man ; if not, I couldn't name him. ' They all understood my posi tion. It was part of our obligátion\' ' But,' persisted Vernet', ' surely you had sufficient proof against that .fellow Hioks.' 1 / s . . yi¡ : ',Hicks P[> Oh, yes ; but he wasn't a ReguJ lator. He wanted to join, but I wouldn't accept him.' ' Oh, ho 1 But you set two of your men to watching Finlayson last night. You had tb tell them something P' , ' Yes ; I told them that Finlayson needed watching. That was enough. They're sharp fellow's-sharper than me-they've told me more than once that Finlayson was crooked.' ' Well,' said Vernet, ' I rather think these two men mean to try and locate the treachery.' ' Let 'em,' said Connolley grimly. When Connolley had gone, Vernet sat for some time alone. Then a light tap annpunced a new visitor, and he sprang up, his face brightening. It was Charlie Car son, who entered j and "Vernet's countenance fell.. ' Where's Dick P' he asked quickly. 'rib cbuldh't come, He's .watching a'b Mack's with, both eyes.' ' What is it P anything new P': ; ' Well, I don't just know. ' ...H'eV.'m,alcuig:' frien.ds with Kit Duncan, one of Mack's hbpperä '-^-' hoppers' Vas Charlie's idiom for 'dancers-' and be's got a sharp lookout on a little singer named Harry Hatch. There's another thing ; he told me to tell you ihat the Regulators were up to some thing. They're gathering on the quiet and a couple of them are sticking so tight tb Finlayson that he can't get out of their sight.' An hour later Dr. Mitchell came back, and Connolley was with him. . ' I've persuaded him tb slbep here,' said the Doctor to Vernet, who' was about tb return tb his hotel. . Vernet had been gone half an hour, and the Doctor and Connolley wóre B till smoking and talking, when footsteps came hurriedly up to the door, and a loud, quick rap roused them. It was one of Mack's bar keepers who stood before them when the Doctor opened the door. ' Is Connolley-/ he began, and then his eyes fell upon the ex-chieftain. ' Olí, Connolley, here you arel Fd like to Bee you outside f or á minuté/ ' I guess you can say anything that's oh ybux mind right here/ sáídGbMbUey, with out rising. . 'But it's a message from Mack.' * * I'd cornie outside for you quiokêr'n I would for Mack, Jim. Out with it.* « Well, Maok's got wind that a lot oil your Regulators are down oh Finlayson, and likely to do nim mischief. He wálnts yon to come up and try to quiet them..' ' Tell Mack he's out of his head,' said Connolley coolly. ' There ain't any Re gulators. And tell Mack that he càh get the same mob that was ready to attack Dalton last hight, to protect Finlayson.' * Then you won't come ?' asked the mes senger. Connolley turned about in his chair and placed his feet upon a 'camprstóól. Not much,' he said over his shoulder. The first man who rode out of town to the southwardnext morning, found the body of Finlayson hanging to a. beam thal ' was elevated upon two' tall, nöwly Bei posts. . Caledonia was scattered over a treeless plain, and Finlay son's executioner's had erected tlia't impromptu and exceedingly simple gallows in order to leave the body of the traitor hanging on the very spoil where Me Regulators had been disbanded, No attempt was made to punish the per petrators of this deed. * Ye se, we can't hang aU the Regula tors/said an oracle to a knot of come j: gossips, ' and they won't peaoh on each other1. The honest ones won't áhd thé guilty ones dassent.' ' I knew them fellows was up to mis chief,' said Dan, Strbhjg, ' but 'taint f or me to be too inquisitive about who done it.' 'No Sir!' said' Corinolley, in answer to an insinuation, ' I didn't hávé no Dart in it. But if eyer we find the head of these sneakin' go-betwééris who pretend to be good citizens and are all the time in cahoots with the robbers,1 I'll take a hand in that hángiri', now you betT Vernet and Dalton drove to tte ranch that morning. They told the story of the day before to Barbara and Mag, and brought away with them tlie letters Vernet had desired, and an excellent photograph of Stephen Wray. ' We have decided to keep the guns you were good enough to lend us, Miss Brood,' said Vernet tb Mag, when they were about to go. ' We are making a little collection of arms,'and he laughed lightly. ' Keep them,' said Mag heartily ; ' and take more if you like.' « Thank you,' said Vërnét. ' Miss Wray, have you made the acquaintance of the arsenal P' ' That she has,' cried Mag, seeing that Barbara blushed and hesitated. ' She's been practising pistol-shooting, and she's doing, well.' * Really ?' asked Vernet, still looking tb Barbara for his answer. ' Yes,' she assented ; ' I've broken the ice. I don't think even an arrant flatterer could call me a good shot; but I've learned to load a pistol, and I think I could fire it without hitting myself, or-' with a side glance at Dalton-' shutting my eyes.' ' You havn't been perfectly candid,' said Dalton, smiling. .' You did not say with out fear. Confess ; were you not afraid of the thing P' ' Horribly,,atfirst,' she admitted. ' And hWw P' queried Vernet: 'Now? Why, it's only a test of.the nerves after all. I am no longer afraid of the weapon. Mag says I'm going to be a marksman'. Won't thal;, bb ari ácbom plishment to take with me to the East P' Then suddenly her countenance saddened and her eyes fell, at title thought, of her father. ' Courage,' said Vernet,' in a low torie, and extending, his hand ;. ' we have all things to hope for. I shall begin now to report progress rëgidarly, Miss' Wra^ ; every day, perhaps.' ' Oh, thank you,' she said impulsively. ' It will be su^h a rblief, even if your hews is ever so little.' He was as good as MB word. Every day during the week that followed, he drove, with Dalton, over thé velvety prairie to the horne of Mountain Mag. , ÍTsualIy" 'they made these visits after an early breakfast, dining at 12 with Mag and Barbara, and then back to Caledonia before ¿ven ing. X One day, Stanhope, who, in the character of Dick Carson, and living in the same house with Vernet and Dalton, was much in their society, manifested a desire to supplant Dalton. His request, of course, was proffered in the absence of the latter, who only knew him as Charlie Carson's brother. " 'I think it can be managed, Dick,' Yemet answered, ' if you make your xé ' quest in Dalton's hearing. I've a hali notion that, these long trips hore him a little.' . ?So have I,' said Stanhope, signifi cantly. Vernet turñéd and eyed his friend keenly. * Diok,' he said, 4 you've got some idea or information that you're keeping from me.' Stanhope laughed. 'Haven't you enough oh your mind, old f ellow P You'll get the benefit of all my " ideas " in good time.' And here thé subject dropped. 4 Where do you two fellows, ride to every dayP' said Stanhope later, when Dalton had joined them, and all three were smoking oh the hotel porch. I wish there was room for three.' 4 There is,' said Vernet, 4 on the prairie.' , 4 Oh, I know you go somewhere. Charlie says there are ladies at some ranch out yonder. I wish one of you, whiohèver one it is that takes the other, would take me for a change.' . 4 Why,' said Dalton, looking up from his oigar, * it wouldn't be an unpleasant trip for you, Carson. If you'll agree to do my duty, fill my place-' 4 All right, what is it P' answered Stan hope, promptly. « * I might let you go in my stead/ finished Dalton. * I go to take care of Morgan, here, solely to take care of him.' 4 Well, anybody could do that.' 4 Why, Dalton,' said Vernet, as if it had just occurred to him,4 Maybe you would like a day to yourself. If so, I can take thiB chap.' As a result of this ingenous dialogue i¡t was Stanhope, instead of Dalton, who rode with Vernet to the ranch next, day. As they were about to set out, Dalton ap| proached Stanhope and placed a hand upon his arm. * Carson,'he said, 41 hope you will db your duty.' ¡ 4 What is it ?' asked Charlie Carson's supposed brother.,.. ... 4 There are two ladiesi at itHe ranch. Be sure you pay enough attention to one-and not tob muoh to, tte other.' f s, , Stanhope looked up quickly, caught the meaning smile in Dalton's fácé, and, rn the same glance, the flush that mbùritéd tb Vernet's. 4 Oh, ho !' he thought, ais he rode away with his friend j 4T wóÜcíer if'Van is caught.1 But he said nothing, this , astute young, man. Only, when they were arrived at the ranoh, he made good use of his eyes', and formed his own conclusions. The week passed in comparative quiet. Thrilling things cannot be constantly hap pening, even in Caledonia. The fiasco of the robber hunt created, naturally, some excitement, but its one apparent result, the tragic end of Finlay son, served as a sop to the blood- thirsty, and saved the affair from the otherwise flat and stale finale which Caledonians could endure least of all things. The Regulators went their several ways by mutual consent. Connolley was taciturn and refused to be interviewed. A stillness and an air of mystery brooded over the place. Prophe cies ran riot ; predictions were to be had for the asking. Signs and omens were everywhere. It was ^rumored that the Regulators were reorganising in secret, strengthening their numbers, and planning a fresh raid. Some said that the town was to be put under military discipline ; others, that sus peoted Regulators were soon to ba lynohed. People conversed in groups, whispered and wagged their heads. Dishonest men watched honest ones, and vice versa. It was a week of waiting and unfulfilled ex pectation. * ? ; 1 One pf the two &en; who had sháred with Dan Strong the fatal stage-coach adven- ¡ tore, the one who' was going home to hife waiting sweetheart, died durihgthis week,' with her name on' his lips. The other, under the watchful care of Father Miles; was slowly coming back tb life. The good mian obtained thé consent of Doctor Mitchell, and had his patient carried to his own humble sod house', away from the disíbfds, bf , the towri, aád remained there with him, attentive and watchful. , . Dr. Mitaneti, Strong^ , and Connolley went about silent; yet alert, each intent upon the work he had taken upon himself to do.' Vernet/ coming and going to and from, the'with one or the other of his confederates át night, or on duty &t; Mack's-outside when Stanhope was'within j inside when he was without and throwing into all that he 'did a zest, an enthusiasm, a relish, which he did not stop to analyse. Dalton, quietly hut firmly per sisting in his purpose of ' seeing the play played out,' and waiting for Aileen, Stan hope, here, there, everywhere j now coquet ting» with Kit Duncan in Mack's " balcony," now treating Harry Hatch at Mack's bar, now watching the ' private entrance ' out side. AD., during this quiet'week, were busy, and the work of eaoh was bringing nearer thè end for which they labored. On the last day of this week of outward calm with its strange, strange undercur rent, Vernet chûBe Stanhope to pay with him a visit to Mag and Barbara Wray. ' I'm going to have a kind of summing up : of the case, for Miss Wray's benefit, to-day,' Vernet said as they rode across the prairies. ' I wish to make everything look as promising as I can before we set out, and yet I don't want her to know what we - are going to do. But I will make a full explanation of our plans to Mag. I tell you, Dick, that girl is one in a thou sand. I shall not attempt to deceive her, and I shall depend upon you to entertain Miss Wray while I have a few words with -Mag;'. - ; ' All right,' answered Stanhope, and then I be sang lightly : Oh, I can be happy with eather, When t'other dear charmer's away. . Vernet glanced around at him sharply, and they both laughed. .. ', Dick, .your grit and good spirits are in valuable to the rest of us. You tone down our tragedy. I wish you would, reveal your self to Dalton ; the fellow's growing melan choly, in spite of his apparent indifference to all things.' Stanhope's face became instantly gravé. .' Van,' hé said, ' what you wish has become more distasteful to nié, than eyer* .But.I want to put it aU out of my mind until our expedition is over. Perhaps---' lie paused abruptly. \ ' Perhaps it will end our troubles for some of us, that expedition,' added Vefne't. f is that it, DickP Yes j you're.. ri#ht enough. It may be you or I, or Dalton. I wish he would stay behind. It's hohe of his business, this outlaw".bunt.' 'For God's sake, don't try".to keep him back,'cried Stanhope. 'I tell you, Van, it the thing I suspect is true---' Again he paused abruptly. . . , ' Dick,' cried Vernet, facing about, '. in Heavens name, what have you dis covered P' ' . '.:It. can't be called, a discovery yet,' said Stanhope, more composedly. « You will be . the first to hear it; Van, when the \ time comes. When we áU gét baok--' ' If we do get back,' > interrupted Ver net, suddenly falling into ' a! mood of gloom. ' Oh, we will,' exclaimed Stanhope, with a quiok return of his inconsequent manner. When they reached the rahph they, found Mountain- Mag, and her fair guest engaged in pistol practice, and. while tiley were ex changing greetings', Vernet said to Mag in a low tone : : . ; . - ^ ' Before we go, I must talk with you [alone.' ; ¡ ._"V' She answered him by à quick glance of I irítelligéhcó, and he passed oh to greet Barbara. , / We have come to-day, Miss Wray, he said, ' to make a little serni-official report of yrhat has been done, and to tell you j what we are about to do.' ' When they were aU seated in Mag's airy sitting-room, he took a paper from his j pocket and unfolded it, saying : j . ' Ï'have jotted down the items of such I discoveries as we have made, Miss Wray, I and have ranged them all here so that we my see just where we stand. To begin, then, the photograph of Mr. Wray has been recognised hy several people. First, by Father Miles, who saw the original, he believes, and conversed with him. They met in the town accidentally, and parted before Father Miles had learned his name. The gentleman seemed perfectly at hia ease, and impressed the good father as a man well - able to take care of himself. There aré others who remember seeing him about the town. In short, there's no . doubt of his having been here, and having been at the St. Charles, hut*-he paused and- turned his eye quietly toward Bar bara-' he was not known here as Stephen Wray.' («o MM oovraarura.) 