THE BRITISH POLITICAL OUT LOOK. According to law the present British Parliament might remain in existence until August 6, 1893. There is not, how ever, the least likelihood of its dointr so. For one thing such an experience would be without parallel in the annals of the present century, no Imperial House of Commons having completed its full legal term. For another thing— aud this is more immediately to the purpose — there is every indication that the rival parties are already clearing decks for a general election. Still more to the point, Mr. Balfour has made the statement that the next struggle will be fought out upon the existing register. An appeal to the constituencies some time next year, if not earlier, may therefore be regarded as a foregone conclusion. Under these circumstances the question of para mount interest is as to which side will secure the majority. Lord Randolph Churchill says, 'Mr. Glad stone will come in of course.' That brilliant but erratic politician is certainly not without justification for his opinion. The bye-elections have undoubtedly given a general rcsuit favourable to the Glad stonian cause, and if they may be accepted as signs of the national will, the outlook for the Liberals is extremely hopeful. One of the most significant contests that have taken place is that just completed at Manchester. Sir James Fergusson, late Under- Secretary for Foreign Affairs, having been appointed successor to the late Postmaster-General had to run the gauntlet of re-election in his constituency. Ordinarily speaking, a new Minister when appealing to his constitu ents is not opposed, but on this occasion the Liberals saw lit to brinx out against him Mr. C. P. Scott, who at the last elections secured 3,353 vote3 against 3, C80 recorded for Sir James. Notwithstanding the prestige of the Conservative candi date, the common rule against opposing a new Minister except under special cir cumstances, and the request addressed by Mr. Parnell to his followers not to vote, Sir James only got in by the skin of his teeth, his majority being reduced from 327 to 150. To achieve even tliis victory the new Postmaster- General, in deference to some of his suppcrters, had to relin quish his position as a Director of the P. and O. Company. All things considered, it cannot be doubted that Mr. Gladstone's estimate made in the Nineteenth Century of the meaning of the bye-elections is correct. 'Bye-elections at former periods,' he remarks, ' have in many cases been fought with comparative remissness in the several localities, and have hardly touched the general mind of the public. But during the present Parliament they have kept the nation in an almost perpetual fever ; the figures of the polls have flown on the wings of the telegraph into every quarter, and have been minutely discussed by the metropolitan and j)rovincial Press, because it was known that in each of them each party had striven to develop its full strength; that the numbers polled largely exceeded those of 1880, and thus more fully revealed the public mind ; and that with the Irish ques tion in the forefront there had been raised in every case the great issues which govern a general election, the principal subjects in which improved legislation is desired, and the important question which is the party in whose hands the powers of government may be most hopefully and safely lodged.' Tho guarded way in which the Liberal leader speaks is at the same time fairly conclusive proof that even he recognises that something more than Home Rule for Ireland is necessary to influence the English constituencies. The Conservatives are also fully alive to this fact, and just at this moment both parties are evidently agitated by consi derations as to the extent to which they can broaden their platform. They are conscious that the aggressive ness of the Labour party is a factor that has seriously to be taken into account. Despite the present promising outlook for the Liberals the Conservatives might, indeed, by a bold coup snatch a victory from their opponents. We have the Liberal programme pretty plainly set forth. The speech of Mr. Gladstone before the delegates of the National Liberal Federation at Newcastle may be said substantially to embody it. First and foremost Mr. Gladstone, of course, places Home Rule. Shorter Parliaments, greater facilities to labourers in the acquisition of allotments, a more rational lodgers' franchise, conditional reduction of the hours of labour, and British evacuation of Egypt comprise his other proposals. But to these must be added Mr. John Morley's declaration in favour of a moderate sustenance allowance to members of Parliament and Mr. Gladstone's intimation that he desired to see increased labour representation. The spirit of these things cannot be mis taken. While remaining loyal to their Home Rule policy the Liberals are bent upon conciliating the Labour party despite Mr. Morley's opposition to a Bte tutory Eight-hours Bill. What their attitude will be on the subject of Disestablishment cannot be very distinctly gathered from what has taken place, but it seems certain that tne Church Estab lishment in Wales will be definitely attacked, and this, as the Bishop of Manchester says, will inevitably lead to the opening of the wider question. The platform of the Conservatives is not yet so apparent. We have still to learn the nature of their scheme for the local government of Ire land. Lord Salisbury has certainly shown clearer discernment than the Liberal leaders in one thing. He has pronounced in favour of women's suffrage. Moreover, some of his colleagues have ex hibited very marked coquetting with advanced labour aspirations. Never theless the party cannot be said to have a taking programme with which to go to the country. To hi* foreign policy Lord Salisbury may, on the whole, undoubtedly point with pride and confidence. But whatever the Conservatives may have done abroad or at home is nut likely t-o avail them greatly in the impending contest. The humour ol the great mass of the electors is to give support ts those who promise most. A very short time will show how far the Tories are ready to- go in order to retain the reins of power. The death of Mr. Parnell is bound to have an important influence upon the re relationships of parties. It will probably lead to the healing of the breach among the Irish Nationalists themselves, and thus enable the Liberals to stand shoulder tu shoulder with them without injury to the ' Nonconformist conscience.' Itieino^es indeed a disturbing element in the unio.i * of the Liberal party. Whether the Irish section will be able to show under another ni;in the same solid front that they always presented under Mr. ParaeH's leadership remains to be seen. There are very capable men among them, but none of them are ideal leaders. Though Mr. Dillon has been most frequently mentioned as likely to supersede Mr. Justin McCarthy, ifc would occasion no surprise if Mr. Sexton were called upon to be Mr. Parnell's successor. Except perhaps on the score of health there is not an abler or more suitable man in' the ranks of the patty. Mr. Sexton's gifts, indeed, admirably fit him in many yr&ys; for the position. But whoever is -leader there can be no doubt that the Liberal party will Btill command the aid of this important factor in British politics. Upon its allurements to the working classes v/ill in great measure depend its success at the English polls. The worst feature in the tentative Liberal programme put forward by Mr. Glad stone is the proposed evacuation of Egypt. In the interests of that countrj*, of Great Britain, and of the human race it is to be hoped that this policy will nok receive the endorsement of the consti tuencies. ? ^^^ The Recent Fire at Somerton. — The evidence given at the inquest upon the recent fire at Somerton points to two or three conclusions that call for notice. In the first place it would seem that in the introduction into Mr. Turner's house of a bath-heater sufficient care was not taken to guard against the possibility of danger from sparks issuing from the flue. Under the galvanized iron which covered the roof there was thatch, and one or two witnesses assert that from the condition of the iron it was possible for sparks to get at the thatch. There was nothing to show absolutely that the fire had thus been caused, but the Jury inclined to the hypothesis that such was the case. At any rate there was a certain amount of risk from the position of the flue, and although there are probably few houses in which the same conditions are present as in Mr. Turner's residence, the occurrence should act as a warning to householders to be on their guard against a like source of danger. In the next place the facts emphasize the necessity for a more general provision for the protection of buildings, par- ticularly where they are situated within the water area. It appears that Mr. Turner had the ill fortune to live in a district which is not within the jurisdic- tion of a fire brigade. Somerton is within the Municipality of Brighton, which, has not taken the steps necessary to guard its residents against fire. The adjoining Corporation of Glenelg is under the Fire Brigades Act, and the firemen actually reached the scene of the fire at a time when with proper appliances the work of getting the flames under could have successfully carried out. The foreman of the brigade, however, did not feel justi- fied in acting on his own responsibility, and valuable time was spent by him in seeking instructions from the head office before he would render help. It cannot be said that he was greatly to blame in the matter. He had been verbally directed not to extend his operations beyond his district, and strictly speaking he was bound by those directions. It certainly strikes one as absurd that the house should have been left to burn while the foreman proceeded to the telegraph office to communicate with his chief but there was clearly no obligation on the part of the brigade to do anything. The fact of the premises being just outside the district afforded no more ground for Mr. Liddie's seeking to save them than if they had been miles away. No doubt had he applied to Mr. Turner for an indemnity he would have got it, and this would have been the best thing to do, but he chose to read his instructions literally, and thus lost the opportunity of being of service, for, as he himself says, the fire went out through having nothing more to burn. Considering the liberal aid rendered by the Fire Insurance Companies and the Government to municipalities willing to come under the provisions of the Fire Brigades Board, Brighton has very little excuse for leaving its residents without protection in the case of conflagrations, and the misfortune to Mr. Turner should lead to the establish- ment of a better state of things, not only in this municipality, but in others that have the water laid on, and yet trust to luck for their defence against fires. The Mixjstbt aito tot Sqcadros. — Oa Friday afternoon the Treasurer (Hon. T. Play ford) visited Port Adelaide on behalf of the Ministry to say good-by to the captain of the Katoomba, which is the last of the AuxUiary Squadron left in Sonth Australian waters. The vessel will sail for Western Australia this morning. Sir Abthch BLYTfl.— On Thursday tUe Premier received a letter from tlie Agent General (Sir Arthur Blyth), who had so much improved in health at the time of writing thafc he referred to the probability of returning to work before the expiry of his leave of absence. Thb Commissioner op Chows Laxes.— Tbe Hon. W. Copley (Commissioner of Crown Lands) attended at his office on Friday, but ?was compelled to leave during' the morning'. He was attacked by pains in the left side on Thursday, and on Friday was advised by his doctor to go home to bed. Bishop Kekxiox.— Dr. Kennion, who was on hie way home from the Anglican Synod x% Sydney, has been laid up in Melbourne by an. attack of infiuenza, from which ho is now recovering. He is expected to return to Ade laide by express train on Taesday morning next. Ths Adjiimsteation of Jcsnes at Port Adelaide. — -'Ever since the appointment of Mr. Buchanan to the Mastership of the Supreme Court the administration of the Law Courts at Port Adelaide has been entrusted to local Justices of the Peace. Though the Clerk of the Court makes every effort to obtain the services of a sufficient number of Justices, he is often kep6 running round the beat part of tho day, as the gentlemen entitled to sit on tho Bench are no* always available. The work of the Court is ia consequence all bvxcs and sevens, and there is general dissatisfaction that the Government has not appointed a sneoossor to Mr. Buchanan. There are orer forty Justices of the Peace within a radius of two miles of tk» Port Adelaide post-office. Ths Sbabb Mabkht. — Holders of silvef ecrip ob Friday morning seemed to be pania etrickan, and for reasons best known !? titeineelm, for tfcere was no news wamntinf / _^ a Mare. A great many cf them seemed anxious to sell. Last Friday Broken Hills touched £3 Is., and it was thought) then that they bod touched bottom. Daring the past week prices have jumped about! as much as a weather vane on a windy day, and while Hilb got up as high as £3 12-;. fid., they have generally fceps aS from abonts £8 3s. 6&. to £3 Hi. Again at the end of this week shares have had a temporary drop downwards. The Pro jnrietary shares opened at £8 Is. at the tirifc meetings of the rooms on Friday, and quickly fell to £7 1&., while Block Tens fell to £13 14s. 6d.t and Souths to £3 15s. 6d. As a rule the market in Melbourne is a trifle higher all round than that in Adelaide, bat for once in a while Melbourne prices were 6d. lower oa ITriday morning, that is for Hills, while other stocks ruled as usual a little better than Ade laide prices. It was feared by those well in formed that there would be a further fall in prices at the midday meetings, but, con trary to expectations, prices remained finn both in Adelaide and Melbourne. As a role it is only the small genuine holders of K. chares who are selling, most of the business done being in five and ten scrip. Some larf, } speculative dealers, however, are boldly 'specking'1 (selling- shares they have not got in the hope of buying in at lower prices), and their operations are having some influence on the market. Durinsr the afternoon there were cheerful buyers of Hills at £3. Possibly whit shares were forced on to the market by timid holders who had advanced money on them had been disposed of. The market main tained a firmer tone throughout the afternoon. The report of Mr. Howell on the proposal to work the mmeby open faces above the 200-fi. level and Professor Schnabel's report on the treatment of sulphide ores are now more eagerly waited for than ever. Adelaide Oval — On the Adelaide Oval to-day the Intercolonial Bicycle Sports promise to be the most interesting and ex piring. There will be thirty -five events in all, including the Half-mile and Five-inile Inter colonial Bicycle Races, in which the great cycling champions, T. W. Busst, of Victoria, and Richard Davis, of South Australia, will compete ; in thtse races also Messrs. J. W. Buset, W. J. C. Elliott, Irish, Leech, and others from Victoria will compete. 'Then there is the Three-mile Handicap, One wile First and Second Class, and Roadster Race. Then in the foot events will be fonnd the Buchanan Whisky Handicap, in which Ijfty-fonr runners compete, and two hurdle races and two steeplechases with water jumps, flie first event starts at 2.30, and the sports will be finished at 5 p.m. The times of start ing will as usual be strictly adhered to. Tiie Southern Suburban Band will be in attendance. It is requested that patrons will not bring dtys down. The results of the Caulfield Races will be posted. A Suggestion'. — A proposal has been maJe by some Adelaide gentlemen to the Brokea Kill Directorate to substitute Portland cement tor timber in the big mine. It is stated that all the requisite raw material has been ascer tained to exist in the neighbourhood of the Hill, and that by the use of cement concrete aii immense saving can be effected as compared uith the cost of timber. What is even more important is, it is said, that the risk of creep* is altogether avoided, as a material is sub stituted which has infinitely greater resisting power than the exeavated ore which it replaces. Cement concrete would, it is urged, have been used from the first only that it was nots pre victsly known that the requisite ingredients eculd be inexpensively procured on the spot. The suggestion was on Friday under the consideration of the Board in Melbourne. 6kkebal Bcoth. — The Chief Secretary (Sir J. C. Bray, M.P-) has consented to preside at the meeting at which. General Booth will ex plain his social scheme in the Victoria Hall on Uovemher 24. Luring the General's stay in Adelaide he will be the guest of Mr. C. H. Goode, J.P.. at North Adelaide. Cowka Buildings, Ghenfet.x-stheet. — The «Heof the old Presbyterian Church is Grenfell street is in the bands of workmen. The old buildings, among the oldest in the city, were polled down some time ago. and the land since then has been a public thoroughfare from Grenfell-street to McHenry-street and the Exchanges and offices abutting thereon. The vacant space, some 200 ft. by 52 ft., with frontages to three streets, will be covered with superior offices of new Cowra Buildings. The basement wOl be 10 ft. 6 in. high, and has an esteide stone staircase from Grenfell-street a3 -well as an internal stair. The ground floor with amain entrance from Grenfell-street has tiled-fioor corridors, and consists of eighteen offices arranged in suites. The chief rooms measure 22 ft by 20 ft. A cedar staircase 5 ft wide centrally placed gives the approach to the first floor, which is similar in arrange ment to the ground floor. The front elevation is in the Doric style to be executed in Murray fridge freestones The main front wall is eet- tack 7 ft. behind the columns. The steps are of granite, the paving of marble, and the rail ings and gates of wrought iron. Brick is the material used throughout with the exception of the front, and there are no stud partitions m the building, Messrs. W. Ling& Son have secured the work, and hope to hand it over at the end of June. Messrs. English and So ward are the architects. The Pkeeext to tiie Mayoress. — Sub- scribers to the late return ball to the Mayor and presentation to the Mayoress who have not seen the brooch and bracelet that were presented to Mrs. Cohen can do so to-day. The articles will be on view in the window of llr. Brunkhorst, of Rundle-street, for a fear days. The value of the articles is about £150, and their design ia neat. Four of the best Brazilian diamonds are used, one in the brace let and three in the brooch. Thb Satis gs Bask. — The monthly report for SeptembergivesthefoUowingfignres: — Number ?f- new depositors at Adelaide 413, and 23 ac «0ubIs reopened ; total. 442. Depositors at 131 agencies, 514, and 27 accounts reopened : total. 541\. Number of accounts closed at Adelaide, 320V a* 131 agencies, 170 ; total, 490. Increase ?/'depositors, -i!)3 ; present number of deposi tors, 74,995. Receiptsfrom depositors, Adelaide, Mfl,e30 Is. 9d.; at 131 agencies, £33,253 2». Id.; total, £89,283 3s. lOd. Inpayments to depositors, Adelaide, £79,952 0a. 6d. ; at 131 agencies, JE29,63ti 0s. Id.; total, £109,5S3 93. 7d. Decrease of deposits, £10,305 5s. 9d. Public Sekvicb Association. — A fairly attended meeting of members of the Public Service Association was held in the rooai3, Franklin -street, on Friday evening to consider the ninth and final report of the Public Service Commission. Mr. J. G. Russell, S.M. (the .President) occupied the chair. The following resolutions were carried : — 'That it should be represented to the Government that in the opinion of the Public Service Association there is no necessity at the present time for the appointment of a Public Service Board ;' 'that whilst it is admitted that some reclaseification of the service is neces sary, especially having reference to the present anomalous position of pro. and tern, officers, this meeting strongly protests against any classification of the service upon the lines recommended by the Public Service Commission ;' 'that the Association urge npon the Government the formation of tho Superannuation Fund, as recommended by the Association to the Public Service Commission, namelv, a Public Service Superannuation Fund upon Use lines of the Teachers' Superannuation fund, and that it be formed upon the reports of Actuaries, provided that a reasonable subsidy to euch fund be granted by the State, and that sueh fund shall in no manner interfere with rights at present existing under Act No. 231 of 1SS1 ;' and ' that th:.3 meeting request the Council to take immediate action to approach the Government with a view to obtaining- their authority to establish a fund in terms of the foregoing resolution.' The meet ing closed with special votes of thanks to the Press. LnsTTEr.PHOTECTiox Ao.vTxsr Fihe. — A most jjeeuliar etory concerning the management of a local fire brigade was told at the inquest held on the fire which destroyed Mr. Harry Turner's nonse at Somerton on Wednesday night. The foreman of the local fire brigade t-estitied to the fact that he was calk-d to the sceno of the lire, but on arrival there he found that Somer ton was not in the GleneJg district. Although the place was in a blaze the intelligent foreman could not consent to allow his brigade to play on the fire because he had received verbal infractions from the Super intendent not to render assistance out of the district without his consent. The foreman therefore mounted hit torse and rode a mile ia order to telephone for instructions from the head office. On receiving permission to render assistance the foreman hastened back to order his brigade to put on the hoses, but his evidence Bbowed that the firo went out because there was nothing more to burn. British Ijjdia Steam Navigation Com pany. — By advertisement appearing in another column we learn that in future the local agency of the well-known British India Steam Navigation Company, Limited, who3e steamers run monthly to England via the picturesque coast of Queensland, Torres Straits, and India, with branch lines to Java, Malay Peninsula, Cochin China, India, and Mauritius, will be in the hand3 of Messrs. Harrold Brothers, who hold other numerous and important shipping agencies, and who are prepared to book both passengers and cargo to almost any port in the world. This Company also runs regular steamers from Calcutta direct to Adelaide and the other Australian Colonies. A Busy Policc Couht.— Mr. Pater, P.M., during Thursday and Friday had a large number of cases, msny of which were of a very unsavoury nature, to deal with at the Adelaide Police Court. It was nearly 8 o'clo-jk on Thursday evening when he adjourned a case. On Friday he was occupied all day, and he sat continuously Irom shortly after dinner-time till 8 o'clock, when for health's sake, a3 he ' termed it, he had to adjourn. He intimated to the learned counsel that he could not exist like Tanner for forty days without breaking his fast. Counsel thoroughly sympathized with him. . A Cohic Arcriox.— On Friday morning an amusing episode in auctioneering took place at Gurr's in Grenfell-street, and it was almost a satire upon the feverish share market. A horse, eligible for the Zoo, and a cart still good for service, were sold, with the harness, for 22s. — much below the value, taking the lot all round. Shortly afterwards the fortunate purchaser had an offer of £1 for the cart, and there was a prospect of the horse and harness fetching as much, if not more. The humour of the thing attracted a crowd, and street wit was in free circulation. Word-Guessing Competctiojj. — The case which has arisen in connection with one of the '''word-guessing' competitions has been set down for hearing at the Law Coo a fort night hence. A False Alabji. — At about five minutes to 4'o'dockonFridaymorningaman fancied he saw smoke emanating from premises in Hindley street. He immediately called the brigade from one of the alarm stations, and a reel was quickly dispatched to the scene, but it was found that the alarm was a false one. One of the firemen named Berry fell o5 the reel and sustained injuries to his head, but W9 are informed that no serious consequences are feared. The Recent Street Disturbances. — The excitement with regard to Messrs. Spry em ploying a non- Unionist has somewhat abated. On Friday evening the email crowd which con gregated in the vicinity of the Pirie-street ?workshop was or a very orderly nature, and it- was not found necessary by the police to make any arrests. Social. — The employes of John Martin and Co., Limited, including those from the Port Branch, were invited to a complimentary social tendered by Mr. Frank E. Hayward (a Direc tor of the Company} in the Albert Hall on Thursday evening. About 300 were present, and the evening commenced with a concert, the programme being selections by Setaro's Canary ^String Band, songs by Misses Donoghue, Pedrotta, Morrissey, and Messen eer, and Messrs. dimming and Morrissey, and a recitation by Sir. Lemnan. All the numbers were well appreciated, the listeners demanding encores. After the concert was disposed of the hall was cleared for dancing, and to the strains of the String Band was freely indulged in. Refreshments were on the tables all the even ing, and games were aleo provided for the non dancers, llr. W. T. Collins's electric battery creating much amusement. All enjoyed them selves to the fullest extent, and after thanks had been given to Mr. Hayward the party broke up at an early hour. North Adelaide Working Men's S. and P. Association. — This social Association met on Tuesday evening in the Temperance Hall. The President (Mr. F. Hourigan) in the chair. Three new members were elected. A discus sion took place on the coming municipal elec tions, and the debate was adjourned. Mr. Jones then delivered a lecture on 'Law Reform and Lawyers,' advocating codifying of the criminal laws, abolition of lawyers, the appointment of counsel in all law cases by the Crown, abolishing Judges and Magistrates, and appointing arbitrators, and suggested es tablishing a 'Law Reform League.' An ani mated discussion followed, in which Messrs W. J. Brooke, J. H. Lyons, D. Williams, F. G. Belcher, the Secretary (Mr. A. C. Belcher), F. Hoorigan, Goldsmith, and Paqualin joined. A vote of thanks to the lecturer dosed the meeting. Hojtrsteads League. — The meeting of the executive was held last Wednesday evening, the President (the Hon. Dr. Campbell) in the chair. Mr. Brooker, M.P., as representative of the League, reported that it was very gratifying to see the large area of what had been scrub land converted into homes of comfort, and to witness the improved condition and revived spirit of independence displayed by the eighty to 100 blockers settled at Port Broughton. Mr. Brooker also related that a strong branch of the League had been established at Mount Gambier, where all appsared jubilant at the prospect of having land in that locality avail able for working men's blocks. It was announced at the meeting that the Blocker3 Loan Bill had that day passed in the Legis lative Council without the alterations that the League desired being effected. The rent of the blocks at Kilkenny was again referred to, and it was stated that tho owner of the land alongside was willing to let a few acres on lease at £1 per acre. It was desired thifc Mr. Erooker should ask in the Assembly why the rent of £2 per o?re charged to Widow Hughes had not been reduced, while that of other blockers had been lowered to £1 53\. It was stated that the land on tho Murray above Mannum applied for for working men's blocks, and which application had been sup ported by Mr. Schuetze, J.P., by Mr. Drage niuller, and others, was awaiting tho Surveyor General's report. Letter was read from the Secretary of branch at Narracoorte, an nouncing measures for more vigorous pro secution of settlement in that district; also, from Secretary of Branch at Gawler, tirging the importance of irrigation for land recently purchased for working men's blocks in that locality. A request from Halbury was received asking that three or four of the leases adver tised as cancelled might be reconsidered by the Government. The question of the prize-lisc for the Show next February was deferred till next meeting ; in the meantime the committee would be glad to receive suggestions from the blockholders, which they would as far as possible embody in their arrangements. The executive were awaiting reply of Engineerin Chief as to Tickera Water Reserve, and further information concerning the settlement in New South Wales known there as 'New Italy' was daily expected. S. A. Amateur Photographic Society. — The monthly meeting was held at Mr. R.B. Adamson's house on Thursday, Mr. George Stace presiding over a large attendance. Mr. Ernest Gall, who has just returned from a tour round the world, was welcomed back, and pro- mised to give an account of his trip at a future meeting. Arrangements were made for a competition of lantern slides for prizes kindly offered by Messrs. Clough and Dobbie. After the business of the meeting had been disposed of an adjournment was made to Mr. Adam- son's observatory, when the construction of the big telescope and the method of taking photo- graphs of the moon were explained to mem- bers. The chief feature of the evening was the practical illustration of bromide printing and enlarging by Mr. Adamson. Some paper was exposed and developed in the room, the results being very satisfactory. Licensed Victuallers' Association.— The Committee held their monthly meeting on Thursday. There was a good attendance, pre sided over by Alderman Ellery. An applica tion was made to the President f it his ruling as to the legality of a member out of business holding the office of Trustee. It was ruled that a full member, whether in business or not, was qualified to take or hold the office of Trustee. The President reported that a reward had been offered for a conviction against sly-grog selling in a country district An application was made by a member for advice and assistance in opposing the granting of a licence to a storekeeper in a small country township. It was shown that licences granted to country storekeepers were frequently the meana of small quantities of liquor being sold with groceries in an illicit manner, which greatly interfered with the legitimate business of the publican. The member's request was granted. The President reported that a meet ing of tho trade had been held at Port Ade laide to regulate retail prices and had met with very fair success. Resolved that the list of current prices issued by the Association should be extended. The various suggested amendments to the Licensed Victuallers Bill now before the House were discussed and great surprise was expressed at the delay of the Government in pushing on the Bill. ; Several small accounts amounting to £22 10s. ; Id. were passed for payment. Ten new mem- , bers were nominated. ! The Convalescent Rome, Semaphore. — ; The inmates of this institution were enter tained at a concert on Thursday evening, October 8, Miss Davidson, who arranged the concert, had the assistance of Misses A. L. Hawkins, A. Robertson, and E. White, and Messrs. J. Newmann and E. L. S. Tuck, and a most enjoyable time was spent listening to the piano solos, Eongs, and duets rendered by these ladies and gentlemen. Every number was j much enjoyed. Mr. E. L. S. Tuck acted as j accompanist. Tho performers, who were entertained at supper before leaving, were ac corded a most hearty vote of thanks. Maurice Salom & Co. — A large number of shareholders met at the mart on Friday, October 9, to consider a proposal to wind up the concern. Mr. T. Eyres was voted to the chair. In answer to a question the solicitor said the Directors could before liquidation sell their freehold and the goodwill of the business by auction, and that steps could not be authorized at the present meeting, which was specially called to consider the question of going into liquidation. On the motion of Mr. Muecke, Eeconded by Mr. A. J. Diamond, it was de- j cided — 'That the Company be wound up voluncarily.' Messrs. T. Eyres and H. C. Howard were appointed liquidators. Death of Mil H. A. Waldt. — It is with sincere regret (says the Mount Barker Courier of October 9) that we record the death of Mr. Heinrich Adolph Waldt, of the Alma Hotel, Lobethal, which took plaoe on Wednesday. The deceased gentleman was an upright, honourable man, and was respected throughout the district, while he was widely known among the German colonists in South Australia and had many warm friends among his own countrymen. He represented the Lobethal Ward in the District Council of Oukaparinga for many years, was an active promoter of the Lobethal Tweed Factory Company, and was from an early date connected with the German rifle dubs both at Lobethal and Hahndorf. The late Mr. Waldt, who had been ailing for some time, and whose death has taken place at the age of fifty-six, will be greatly missed by a large circle of friends and acquaintances. A Dog Without a Tongue.— On Saturday (a Meningie correspondent to the Mount Barker Courier writes) Mr. Ashby, living on the Coorong, showed me a kangaroo dog which had lost its tongue. Mr. Ashby was out hunting with him one day in the previous week, and on the following morning noticed the dog's tongue was swollen, although not seriously, but in the evening it was still worse and the colour of liver (blood red). On the next morning it had swollen eo much that the teeth were embedded in it. He did not look at it again that day, but two days later he examined the dog and found that the tongue had completely disappeared, only a email piece of the roots being left. The dog is now in good health, and on the mornin; I sav.' him seemed to be in good spirits. -Ir. Ashby states that when feeding he does not seem to be distressed, and when drinking he bites at the water, and thus quenches his thirst. The dog has not been heard to bark, although he whines when tied up. The Queensland Defence Forces.— With reference to the cablegram announcing that Captain William Kerr McClratock, of the 2nd Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, has been appointed inspecting officer of the Queensland Defence Forces, tho Courier re marks : — ** Evidently there has been some mis take in the transmission of the message. The Government have had no official intimation of any such appointment, but it is just possible that the gentleman referred to is the officer. who has been appointed to succeed Lieute nant- Colonel Des Voeux as Instructor in Musketry.' Still Another Pest. — It is reported (says the Melbourne Leader) that the loco weed has found its w«y ~, Australia from America. The loco wetsa s « 'vo tation what the rattle snake is to apfrnal life. The name comes from the Spanish &nd; signifies insanity. It is a dusky green, and grows in small bunches or handful?, and scatters itself in a sparse and meagre way about the country. It is a sorb of vegetable nomad and travels about nob a little. Lbcalitief- where it this season flourishes in abundance may not see anv of it next year, nor indeed for a number of years to come. The prime property of the loco is to produce insanity in men and animals who partake of it. Animals— mules, horses, sheep, and oattle — avoid it naturally, and under ordinary circumstances never touch it. But in the winter, when an inch or two of snow has covered the green grasses, these green bunches of loco standing clear above the snow are tempting baits to animals. Even then it is not common for them to eat it. Still some do, and it at once creates an appetite in the victim similar in its intense foice to the alcohol habit in mankind. Once started an the down ward path of loco, a mule will abandon all other kinds of feed and look for it. In a short time its effects become perfectly apparent). You will see a locoed mule standing out in the shadowless pl.f'ns, with not a living, moving thinsr in hi» vicinity. Hia head is drooping and his eyes half closed. On the instant he will kick and thrust out his heels in the most warlike way. Under the influence of loco he Eees himself surrounded by multitudes o threatening ghosts, and is repelling them. The mind of the ;-.nimal is completely gone. He cannot be drivi-n or worked because of this utter lack of reason. Semaphore Mayoralty. — By advertisement we notice that a requisition is io be presented to Mr. Philip Sansom at the Semaphore Town I Hall this evening asking him to allow himself I to be nominated for the Mayoral chair for the I ensuing year. The requisition, which is very numerously signed, is to be presented by the Mayor (Mr. F. W. Kennedy, J.P.). S.A. BEEKKErERS' Association.— The usual meeting was held at the Chamber of Manufac tures on Friday, October 9. Mr. H. H. Doll man occupied the chair There was a mode rate attendance of members. Mr. A. E. Rowley, of Williamstown, was unanimously deeted a member of the Association. St. Peters Mayoralty.— Mr. W. H. Hammer, who has been requested to stand for the ]io-?ition of Mayor in the Municipality of St. Peters by a large number of present and past Councillors and influential ratepayers, has eensented to be nominated. Received. — Reprint of the proceedings at the Congress of the Agricultural Bureau, South Australia, held on September 1U, 17. and IS last. The publication contains a large quantity of interesting and important informa tion to farmers and gardeners. 'Jumble' Sale at Glenelg.— This after noon a 'jumble' sale in aid of St. Peter's Church Mission-room. New Glenelg, will be held at the Glenelg Town HsiL Camp Meeting. — The S.A Baptist Associa tion annual meetings begin this afternoon with a cam]} meeting to be held on Mr. J. Scott's grounds?, Mag ill. MrsiCAL.— The Y.M.C.A. Musical Society are rehearsing Gaul's 'Joan of Arc,' and announce their next concert for Tuesday, November 17. Trial of Garden Implements. — There will be a trial of garden implements at tho Botanic Gardens this afternoon. 