THE HUMOURS OF FEDERATION ORATORY. A NEWDEPAKTUKEIN' PUBLIC MEETINGS. Me. E. Barton, M..L.C, addressed a very large audience at the Protestant-hall lasb Monday evening on the topic of iederaion. The hall was crowded in every part. There was no chairman. Among the gentlemen on the platform were Mr. Garvan, M.P., Mr. Lakeman, M.P., Mr. Cmik phank, M.P., Mr. Barbour, M.P.,aad Mr, Perry, M.P. The conduct of the audience consisted of one continuous interruption, it' it may bo so termed, irom start to finish. They wore deter minedly noisy but evidently quite good tempered. The principal disturbers were in tue gallery. The dis.'i'dor took the form of cheers for Sir George Grey and others, groans for Mr. Barton and Sir Henry Parkee, all sorts of cries and calls, an un ceasing fire of interjections, the singing of a num ber of more or less popular airs, the vocal per formance oi1 the ' Dead March in Saul/' with wall and floor thumping accompaniment, theatre stamping and whistling. Tho disorder was occa sionally mado up or' all these noises together, and there waa never at any time complete freedom from some of them. Mr. Barton kept his temper exceedingly well all throngh. He endeavoured to win over the audience by an easy bearing towards them and by the expression of confidence in their fainninded ness, but it was quite unavailing. Among the interjections wore requests to Mr. Barton to 'read the liiot Act,' to ' bring in his specials,' to 'shoot them down,' etc., and he was frequently allnded to as a, 'traitor' who had a ' federal judgeehip' in view. Quite a number of songs were sung. ' Little Anuie Iiooney' and her ' beau' got mired up with Mr. JKeid and his alleged ignorance of tne t'tderal proposals. ' Good Old JeE' was 'laidlc rest/' together with the ghosts that had been raised to scare the peopla freni federation ; ' Wait till the clouds roll by' got iuvolved with the powers of the Senate, and the ' Dead March' with variations was the re quiem for a number of passages of tbe speech which were di owned in the din. 'Marching through Georgia' was suncr several times with emphasis on the words '?' We'Jl hang Toby Barton on a sour apple tree.' The meeting was quite unlike Mr. McMillan's, inasinush as there was no physical rowdyism, but the interruption wa3 just about as complete, for Mr. Barton's voice for the greater part of the time could not be heard a yard or bo away. Here are some slices oi Mr. Batton'a speech, with, 'accompaniment and variations/' taken from the Daily Telegraph : — Mr. Barton — It was a very nice and pleasant thing for him to have to pay for a hall for some of them to talk in, so he intended to have his say whether they talked or not. ( Ipplause, whistling and prolonged interruption.) He was not born yesterday, and if there was pluck to be found in Australia they would find some oil it in him. (A voice: 'Read the Riot Act.') Now, he had come there to tell them how much Bomebody had been taking away their character. (' Oh,' and laughter.) There is a gentleman in this commu nity who had expressed a very bad opinion of them — (boohooing) — and of some of them he might fairly express a bad opinion. He said of those who did not believe in him that they were so notoriously noisy, so wicked, and eo opposed to freedom that they would not hear a fellowcoun tryman speak. (Cheers and counter cheers.) The man who said this was Mr. George Reid, and he replied that they were so i thoroughly lost to all sense of freedom — (singing in the gallery, ' Marching through Georgia') — [Mr. Barton here remarked that he would sit down until the chorus bad finished, and did go.] Now were they ready — (A. voice: ''You had better go down to Manly.' More singing—' We'll hang Toby Barton on a sour apple tree.') He pitied those people very much, because they did not know what fools they were making of themselves. (Cheeis and dis order.) Now, he wanted to say one or two things about Mr. Reid. He had told you that he (Mr. Barton) was a traitor to this country. (' So you are.') He would like to know when they came to sort oat the Reids from tho Bartons where tho traitors would be. He had lived in this country all his days, and he defied them to point to a single privilege or a single liberty that he wanted to give away. (Renewed singing.) Mr. Reid had taken the trouble to go through the Constitution Bill, and he said it contained a great many pro visions which were- inimical to the liberty of the subject. If Mr. Reid knew what he was talking ab.-)ut he would know that this was the most be neficent bill over presented to the people of New South Wales. (Cheers and laughter.) But it was very ovident that Mr. Reid had not read the bill. He was like Dick Deadeje in tbe opera — ' he means well but doesn't know/' They should not accuse their fellow-subjects of corrupt prac tices without having good grounds. The dele gates wero asked to go into convention for the purpose of framing a Federal Constitution. He very much questioned whether Mr. George Reid had read any definition of a constitution, and he had a strong conviction that Mr. Reid did not know what a Federal Constitution was. (Ap plause and uproar.) What were the powers which wero surrendered by the states? (Shrieks and tumultuous disorder.) It was impossible not to come to tbe conclusion that Australia would ga;n by tho uniformity. (Cheer3 find groat disorder.) Take the case of the Customs. (' Dry up/' and howl3.) Those powers would not be used unless the urgency, tho necessity, arose. (Renewed disturbance, during which the rowdieB began to exercise their throats in mangling the ' Dead March in Saul.') Power was also given to im pose excise duties and bounties. They could not have a Parliament to administer the affairs or! a free people unless they gave it these general powers of taxation, (Cries of 'Time' and a voice, ' Chew his ear,' and a deafening uprcar.) He appealed to every man, whether he was a free trader or a protectionist, to listen ta him. (Howls of derision.) He was as certain as the sun would rise on the morrow that the great body of people of this country would be found in favour of the unity of Australia . (Cheers and howls.) They might as well try to aweep back the ccean with a broom as try to prevent it. (Renewed cheers followed by groana.) And the day would come when he and those who were with him would bo rogarded 2.0 the benefactors o£ their country, for the exertions which they had made on behnlE 0?. thia bill, (Cheers and booting.) And, when the aocomplished unity oi the country should be proclaimed under this bill then his place would be on the side of freedom and on the side, of those who would contribute to the welfare and assist the progress of bis native laud. (Cheers and a tremendous outburst of howlino- ) 