SALVATIONIST! AS A PSYCHOLQ- GICAL STUDY. to the editor of tnb daily telegraph. Sir, — Whatever sympathy a man may possess or lack with the ideas of General Booth it is impossible to deny that his efforts have met with remarkable success, and the problem which seeks solution is, What is tho cause of this success ? He preaches no new doctrine, liis intellectual calibre is not of the highest order, nor has his scheme for benefiting tho lower Btrata -of society much to recommend it in tho light of previous social experiments, and yet he is received throughout Christendom with unbounded enthusiasm. The Goneral lias himself stated that what is required for efficacy in Gospel work is not learning or mental power, but "a hallelujah hurdy- gurdy in the insides, constantly played upon by the lloly Ghost. In his case, at least, most people will accept, his disclaimer as regards learning and mental power, but his explanation as to how the psychologic effect is brought about involves a condition of mind in which common sense and natural philoso phy have no inilucuce whatever for the time being. Of course there are innumerable instances of men engaged in different spheres of life exercising a prodigious iniluence over large numbers of the human race, but with reli gious teachers the potency of thought creates the most remarkable phenomena. Take, for instance, Mohammed. How camo he, an ignorant driver of camels, without family ' -and without wealth, to be the founder of a religion that outnumbers all the Protestant denominations put together? How camo Buddha to he the teacher of a system of psychology that is believed in by about half of' the population of the entire world? Here, then, lies the problem which puzzles the science of the schools and tiie theology of the churches, and what they each must sooner or later recognise is tile existence of a universal thought atmosphere pulsating with innumerable waves which striko against a sensitive or sympathetic brain, creatifig thoughts and ideas by the pulsations engen dered. 'I'll is theory seems to have been propounded by Hudson Tuttlc in tho "Arcatin of Nature" in 1860, and it has since been elaborated by a Mrs. King in a work entitled the " Principles of Nature." She says (p. 102, vol. iii. ): — " Ideas pschologiso derived from whatever source thoy may he. All idea taking root in the mind signifies the menial energies turned in the direction that idea indicates, and unbalanced minds inva riably become more so by tiie influence of an idea iviiicli absorbs their attention. A11 indi vidual who imagines lie has 11. mission of great importance and gives himself over to it without! reference to tiie world with which he conies in contact, is surely psyohologised by his idea. Such a one will he very apt to cast the same influence over minds like his own by his earnest devotion to his work, and hence 'it is thai every fanat io or enthusiast who possesses the force of diameter to press his claim to be heard iinds followers." Herein lies the explanation to a largo extent of the success (f"r a while) of people like General Booth, Moody and Sankey, Mrs. Hainpson, Ned Wright (the converted burglar) and others. Well may Professor Lo<(ge, the chairman of the mathematical anil physical science section, at tiie recent meeting of the British Association at Cardiff, have put in a (ilea for the scientific study of " thought-transference." Energetic mental action, associated with a high degree of volitional force and directed against the emotional nature of his audience, is what accomplishes for Booth tho psycho logical phenomena observablo amongst Sal vationists. Will is a force, and sensation is transferable, and hence it is that positiyc- minded men, in whom the faculty of volition is strong, have in every community wielded a high degree of power over the lucntul con stitution of thousands and millions, implant ing opinions, producing religious epidemics and arresting to un extent tho advancement of truth. — \ ours, etc., C. l'l. J. 