TOPICS OFTHEWEEK. One week we have the Ministry reported as being so sick that the doctor has to be sent i for, and the next so strong that the Opposi- [ tion lets an important measure like the Kail- J way Management Bill go by Ministry- bearing down all res.stanc . i Tic* mixed ; and no one can emcto^, how roanv spirits are controlling and =mdl"S « dicory principles come up to tne sur^e, like logs and trunks o£ trees m a **"}&*»■ There is a distinct want of ing in the Government policy The Rails a Bill looks as if it bad been drawn ma tot of, anrrer hv Mr. Shiels, and as it the Cabinet, m , revising h, bad not realised to itself what the ( bill was all aliout. tote purpose runs through it however, the taking down of tne commis sioners and the setting up ot the Minister of | Railways in their place. How the«km«i down is effected the b" "J? j seem to care so long as it is i Mr. Shiels has the support not onl> oi the ; members who owe the Governm^it loyal .. assistance, hat of the scattered j the House which are by nature agin | authority in any shape, ami at all j to. vote for levelling down. Sir Bcymi | O'Loelilen and the representatives of J*™*', ing-man constituencies have ohtam«l t«e enjoyment out of the Railway Bill, while the Assembly as a whole seems to ^ over looked the fact that a new principle, incom patible with responsible government^has been inwoauoru. .... — » - . government by Ministers to government by committees. The Standing Comnntteejm committees. i»c ~. Railways, which gives adtice to Pariiamenfc,te followed bv a standing committee which » to do executive duty. Mr: Rtegibbon s ideal,* i—-.ciotrirp modelled on the City Council, is in a fair way oi being realised. Can any pre cedent be found anywhere for placing »«*» mittee of members in charge of one of toe departments of the state, giving " the charge of a staff of engineers, and empowering ut^bo Burvev railway lines, let and supenntendtoe execution of contracts, and expend toe pnbHe loans? And this committee is to be called toe Board of Hand and Works. An extraor dinary change must hare views of Parliament in regard to toe con stitution, when it thos gives ^ns*bl® government the go-bys artd transfers to a political board the powers and duties jtaicb have hitherto been the portion oftoe Executive Council. The tree explanatom of toe enigma is that the Govertment_amrtoe members of the Assembly supporting toem havendt toought eidered the consequences. dhe thinkiiig^ is left to toe Upper House, wb'chmaymr.may not be foond in the vein, when. the Kadway Management Bill reaches that place. : ■ Mr. John Barker was a fine public ser vant, one of the sort of men who seem to:be specially fashioned by nature for offio«£ duty, which duty to be weUdonemwkbe done with evenness oi temper^ quiet deter mination, simple dignity, «nd"J* partiality. He had a correct idea of the Way in which the clerk of toe Assembly should So bis work so as to serve both toe House and toe public. No Minister-or Speaker c tahgbt Mm his duty. He carvfed out for himself toe course he should follour, wad . never once were his proceedings Questioned. Sis view was accepted as toe right one. Be «u thoroughly independent of Ministers and t parties, ^ be nevet" ** °P *"* yor imade ariy display of independence. A»-; nth-' tof*; iris ^ characteristics waa his never dlSL^-a«,pp||jse or .commendation. He, went i-hfrAaily work as if unconscious of i odlobkers. During his cletkslnp «8ed through two periods -^J'p^citoment. vii.,toe,tocf| r ld6&-S and the Berry seare jM' jefat'a sitting fh toe As-' g;H?'one to.wrin"; con beet fmtl the cleric at toe .lean of nervous tern-' : oaugbt toe con joalimiess of a ' recording _y one thing jMc. Barker obfctelb 1877 was at its height, as clerk-he had to tax | the costs in a disputed election where a I party committee, supported by an all-power ful majority, bad deprived one candidate of the seat and given it to another, " with coats." Hod Mr. Barker been otherwise than a still strong man he might have been tempted to favour the winning side; but lie cut the successful candidate's bill of costs down ruthlessly from £1,500 or £1,000 to £200 or £300, letting him have what he was strictly entitled to, not a penny more. The Govern ment showed their disappointment by pro posing to put a vote on the Estimates to make good the deficiency, but did not per severe with it. Mr. Barker had a fine seuse of what was due to the public, and created the practice of handing to the press for immediate publication all public documents laid on the table. As soon as be had entered the papers on the minutes he sent them to the gallery. Members at once saw the ad vantage of .this practice, as it often saved them much laborious reading, and enabled the public to possess themselves of the facts while the question was on the tapis. Until Mr. Barker went to the Legislative Council an exactly opposite practice prevailed in that House. All the papers that the red-tape official there conld keep back were kept I web, and thus muny documents which it would have been a convenience to the Council to have had published were only printed in volumes that are never read. In some of the neighbouring colonies the Par liamentary officials have always been of the red-tape kiud, through not having Mr. Barker's largeness of mind and high sense of public duty and public requirements. The origin of some words which have recently become part of the English language is not a great theme, even when entitled " The Newer English," but we would sooner read a lecture upon such a theme by Professor Morris than one on music by Professor Marshall Hall. Mr. Morris is as much at home among words as a gardener among flowers, or the matron of an orphan asylum among deserted babies. He takes their clothes off, so to speak, soaps and washes them, combs out their locks, and sets them on his knee to peer into their faces in search of some traces of parentage. To most people a word is only a word, they glance at it and pass on, but it sets Mr. Morris thinking and speculating, and, though after all there is not much to be got out of a word, words have their histories, their destinies, and their influences on mankind. Who can doubt that the coining of the term " larrikin " has had something to do with the development and hardening of the type larrikin as we now know him? It gives him a definition, it, classifies him, and he lives up to his class. Prior to 1872, he did not affect the three- button pocket, the bell trousers, and the small heels, which are his insignia in these days all over the country. The word was invented in the City Police Court, Melbourne, about 1872, and first appeared in The Argus. Barrack (as used in connexion with football) is, according to Mr. Morris, poor slang, and he does not know the name of the parents or the date of its birth. Chyack "is merely a silly variation of cheek—itself slang, but picturesque and clear." Our words do not compare well with words of American invention, which usually contain a suggestion of humour, like the term " bosh butter," for oleomargarine. "Pigeon" (before English) is the Oriental way of pronouncing " business (n and " the cheese" comes from "cbiz," which is Persian for thing. Mr. Morris tells & story of his own about " festive cuss." " There was once an eminent Presbyterian minister (I will not mention in what city), and on a day it befell him that be had to. attend a great function (let us say a dinner at Govern ment-house). When he was arrayed for the occasion, the family gathered round for in spection, and his little daughter, not 'wholly unread in American 'authors, said, * You do look a festive cuss.' He was terribly shocked, for he thought cuss was a chss-word, and j short for curse, hut the young lady said nay! that it was'short for customer." One im portahfc tooth we light upon in fhe iecture ls that new words do not come to order. " Their birth hahtoke spontaneous and nnfarefeeen. When a new ,expression is badly Winter!, thousands' of dull asset cudgel their brains without bitting' on ohe. "A good instance faayd Mr. MbrnB) is Lord Bury'S letter in The Times of April 1890. . As chairrhan of the Electric Traction UoriipAny, bewrote:—' We want s wqrd.A verb, which shall' express progression By electric power.' Afeliip kails. The Bingarootua steams. An electric laundh ? " The Times received dhbgls of sug gestions, bht hll worthless. So thait "an electric launch —" "and gets ho further. Mr. Morris is much shocked with electrocute, which,. he tells us hi' American' English, "takes the cake, annexes the hon.andfem bestles the pastry." Some scfentifio than saysitfehouldhe^ectrothnate. Webbpethat the world can jget hlpng without either; 'The fault Of electrocute is its being a, bad Mend of Greek grid Latin, hutwe trpst that we do not understand Mr. Morris as asserting thkt Greek and -Latin should nerfr he blended, Ls Gencral -Booth presurnaWy bame to stmliafortbe purpoee Of fortifying his ciples in the'faith and'sustaining^ their i, be mhstbe admitted to haveauficceded niraWy up to'datsev- No leedpr'ooold de 9 better proofs ■ of the confidence hls fol nsrs have inrihn than tbey fca»egiven or ater shows of loveahdadriumtiorP He is high abovethemalb'in appearance-was de sky; preaenoe-^n knowledge, and iq< >acity that their rciyrence and devotion uireno Sbootanting for.? The'generallis uto l he is poaaceoed bya masterful idea,, I he is MBn orattfr-'-hati»» Pariismeptfiry rforor a-foremaio oratorof oonrae,tmtan' vtor of the platform/ where 4bat platform mirroundied \g persons of? ftptel enoe amJmoitoble «?ryes,.v SCM jKReral plays on the nervous system of hysterical, persons with as great effect as a. Remenyi on I the violin or a Levy on the cornet. His people belong to the homeliest stratum of society. Many of the women are or have | been domestic servants horn the country dis tricts ; and they have been lured into the | Salvation Army by a craving for public atten tion and excitable company. The red and I gold bands they wear on the arm, the cap3 of j the men and the poke bonnets of the women, catch the eye of the passer-by, and often j make him turn round to take a second look, which flatters the object of these passing I glances with the belief that he or she, who [ once was nobody, must now be somebody. Then the privilege the more forward of them | have of raising their voices in public, and j summoning all and singular, in a loud voice, to accept salvation, ministers to the vanity | that is inherent in tliem as human beings, i If there were no vanity in the Salvation Army I there would be no seeking for captainships j and no wearing of gold bands. Both men : and women are fond of preaching before any chance crowd that is collected at the street corner by the sound of the drum. They are proud to be, as they suppose, the bearers of exclusive tidings, arid are so carried nwar with excitement, seal, and vanity that they rarely or-never have the tact to discriminate between seasons that are appropriate and seasons that are notali appropriate for sowing the word. They go on recording the sins they have been rescned from—often such sins as should induce persons, having a sense of shame, to forever hold their peace—and the joys that they feel, to an audience that does notliing bat jeer and make fun, and is the worse for having been spoken to. The main tiling the Salvation preachers and singers appear to be eager after is notice, and they vie with each other in the sensations they try to create. But how long is an en thusiasm, which is largely artificial, going to last? It is impossible that a religion using the big drum aa an instrument for converting sinners can endure for very long. For 20 or j 30 years perhaps, but hardly for 50 or 100, and after it has lost its leader and passed its [ climax and begun to cool, what will become j of the hundreds of freeholds which are vested in the Booth family? We arc willing ■ to admit that the army is doing some recla-! motion work, and that men and women have ! been enrolled, who, but for their enrolment, ) would be walking about as larrikins. Some , that were criminals have given up stealing, j if not for good, at any Tate for a leng enough ( time to free themselves from bad associates, and to taste the pleasures of a different lite. But the movement is also doing evil ; it is I keeping large numbers of strong men and | women in idleness. Carrying ll'ar Crys | about the town of offering them for sale at i street corners where the throng is thickest is j not so healthy an occupation for young women , as the domestic service they have left. Young1 women are putting in their time badly when{ they post themselves at the foot of Swanston- j street to thrust-papers into the hands of the j passing pedestrian, and to see and be seen. They see much bustle, and much hurry, and | they have opportunities of observing the. divers ways of divers people which would be fonrid entertaining by . the student of! character, but the knowledge thus obtained j can profit them nothing. It is mere idling, and while they are idling somebody must be work-1 ing to provide the means that they in, cbmtnou-wrfch other idlers live and loaf] ttpoti. A bill is before the South Australian Legislature the object of which is to lessen election expenses. It is based on x recent English statute; but some of the provisions are peculiarly South Australian. "The mrnimnm expenditure (says the Register) to be £1110 for every 2,000 electors, and £10 for every additional 200 electors. This is to cover everything except the personal ex penses of 'the candidate, which, by the way, is rather a vague term. The maximum of £)00is to meet tire expenses of printing, ad vertising, publishing, issuing, and distributing addresses and notices; of stationery, mes sages, postages, and telegrams; of holding pphlic meeti^gs and hiring halls for the purpose; .of .committee-rooms; of one; scrutineer at * eadh' voting 'place, and no, mote"; toidoforie -agent' for'any electoral; district." Now, jf the cost of fighting 4U) election is to.be reduced to its lowest h mac,1 for the., benefit pf candidate^ without means, pne ^enld expect the, Legislature- to ascertain the'eause. of the'expense, nnd'jre mbvVthht;, ^hy'doea a c&rididatt; go'to expense f '- Is itinrit to bring himself home to the electors, to reach every voter, toabquafnt every voter'with'his views, his merits, are! his cloinre? He jpubtishes an . address, and there are hundreds of voters who dpp't read it, or, if they read it, misread it. He calls a public meeting, and is prevented from get ting shSmftUET EfclSrffrtafeSf.bbS ftport o^ his epeecVb which is .glanced add throwa aside, or,If looked into, is possibly misread, like (he,address. Canvassing is the effort of the candidate to get at everyelector—to talk with him, buttonhole him, And oebure hie vote,. The Legislators, hyliirfiting the print ing and canvassing, will simply cause hosts of elcctora to be Jeft m the dark, particularly tii rural constituencies. This cannot tie' for the jbpbjic' advantage.. The objebt is to put the'-!ri>ari0of no means oh a lever with the man of large means or extravagant habits. Bot it is ani ohject which cannot jbe *t-. tailed., rite-Legislature may say how -little shall* tie rjjpqgt jwd.opj»ifliAome one to insp^Vthe- bflls (tiiis Vmeasure proscribes that bills dhall' be sent In for inspection), andf it may impose pchaltire, but" the can vassing, speajcing, 'and' printing will go .oh iO Bpite eff .tihe tow- .Jffagy people besides the jhnsjppflloap ^r, ,Justice Bice, of 'm&efo; 4rive „a coachr'and 1 «t . ht parllataeftti ttiay not do htin bfe itind'for *d»Bh, hy peW^ fwti [bSlf'wlll 'bt■ lAilng to bepisimweeted, nod aeeklngpW)' decides on publishing an. election newspaper; at his own expense, in behalf of a particular I candidate, who is to prevent him, or prove j his action to be illegal ? Under the new law, victory will go to ingenuity and unscrupulous ness, and for evidence as to how ingenuity and unacrupulouaness can openly triumph over the strictest statute yon have only to see how elections are fought in the Southern States, where the negroes have equal voting power with the white population, yet their votes are deliberately nullified. There are election expenses which are forbidden, like carrying voters to the poll.. The practice dates back to a general election in .England in 1679, when it was remarked "as extra ordinary that horses were hired at great I charge for the conveyance of electors." The hiring of cabs is how prohibited in this | colony, the Chief Justice, when consoli dating the statutes, having inadvertently made a clause apply to all Parliamentary elections which previously applied only to Council* elections; but * tlie candidate of means still brings out plenty of .vehicles on polling day. In whatever mould the law may be cast, the power of j the puree will tell, and We see no way of making elections cheaji for the needy candidate except telling him to send tiisjbillsjo the Treasury, to be settled out of the public revenue. The Dibbs Government has met Parlia ment, in New South Wales, and asked to have the few remaining weeks of Hie session made easy for.it. Excepting the One Man One Vote Bill, and a measure bearing upon the strike question—two spps to the labour party—no debateabte hills are to be brought forward. Protection is to Btand over till next season, and the House is for the present to confine its attention to the Estimates, which are urgent. A speedy end ing to the session is to be wished for. Though there was recently a general election, and much talk about needed reforms, no really important question presses, and were it not that federation is one of the items on the list, He. Dibbs might ask the Governor to prorogue Parliament for 12 months without causing public inconvenience. The One Han One Vote Bill can wait until the eve of the next general .'election, and strike prevention (or promotion) bills until the various unions have felt a little longer what it is to haw an empty military chest and a broken-down administration. Unionism and Napoleonism both have their Cbiselhurst Sir Henry Parkes mighty have seen the session out as leader of the Opposition, but bis with drawal is not to be objected to. With regard j to Mr. Reid, the public must wait and see.! Hitherto his coarse.has been curvilinear rather than straight—swer.vings to right and left- We believe that ail Mr. Hcid'a swervings have been caused by his jealousy or envy of Sir Henry Parkes. The instant any circum stances bronght'thetwo within touch of each other, off shied Mr. Reid like a fidgety steed sighting something it did not like ontheroad way. Between Mr. iteid and Mr. McMillan there is no difference of opinion on any large question (for Mr. Reid's aversion to federa tion is pretended rather than real), they re present the same constituency, and yet until now they have not been able to act together simply because Mr. Mlfillan could accept Sir Henry Parkes as a leader; and Mr. Reid would not If Mr. Keid'a aversion to fedem tion sprang from aati-Parkism, it says little for his mental strength and balanced! mind. Another doubtful matter isHr. Reid's activity. Will he work as hard as a leader Should work ? Sir Henry Parkes was a tremendous worker, a cease I ess worker,amsnlovingwrtiry kind of work except answeringlettera. Mr-Reidbas the reputation of being easy-going, pot to say indolent, as a politician, and indolence in.ft leader lends down liilL There la a brief bdt interesting ieferenee to nfiaensa: in the : Atutraleuia* MedkeJ razeUe. (Sydney) for November. A gather ag in of reports - frocq. medical ex erts in #1. pajrts of .the world has aken place, anil New . South .Wales is the Lnstralian chloSy which i"clafa»"to fupre idded rioteito^y iiiforinatkfo. The one omtheld fo be established fe thslinfluaaa Sj "ftoohtagipusfdisesse- rthat it, spreads )>jr; 10 mysteriouskind ofaerialdiffosfonhut qui^e jmpljvfibm iufeqfcedperson to another.*? jritil. llW "influenia "Wan. thought; on mthorftt jtety volafoinpus ;abc*funt8'bf ormer cpldemies.-to be ftirhdnie, arid in onsoqamceno mure 40 bb'prftvwitod 'than: he ashd fttotius of . Sahara,; Now,.inone; ingteyeartheerrars gmd tradition* ^f. rfie question how influenza snreaasnas thus' teen partly answered, WSI'lo iscertaSn whyit is prevalent QVferywtieieTor wo «r . three years together; flja-^e SChitor, I ipring, *ud Carly supamerj^sahd iscsrcelr, lea#,#.#oth^jtinMH:> ^nd, is-jhe inflp-, snsa.wliiek , xlgm/or lias ji*dmne by stop from the old vorfd? T^eipu irajiicwdW'lifehrelatioh-1 ihip bet*Mt'3l(^lf»mrftThieiitti and " fog ever," Aalfosl^Thdmpsoii, the iealth, offie#J of: elftewtoBOsith t Wales, ; calls, gfthfta close re-, yhich .nearly every yMttt secn in many rfieiiJriogHsH^ds Olid Influfyn:* says the Oatefle) carmCt Nlr«3W*ea.* Medi al observers have teetb l& iitot? tm'ko ahem to' direct their attention. It is a a# Jhst iin ths iflg^V^ j^some men in Helbojwm wliom we Imo^d i?ot cafoh the :rmk They brought the fe vi?r to Melbourne yitii'thetn, ptcvibisly escalnhg local con ogion. ;'ilf tbeftbearingnhed filled jrltb tbt •keep* yg A#;|ooft, Id i(rilhi,ft4ns#iQn "of ft*. ith cbn«equ*n'tx0(iakiny #' thd ground, the * the lictk South.Males And Queensland, and we mnv eScapeinfluenza. ; s ' r of congresses, national and international. In almost every branch of knowledge, theoretical and practical, the workers find it a good thing to meet together compare notes, and take stock of what has been done during the previous year or so Following the usual custom, the folk-Iorists of all nations have inst Jield their second congress in London, at which the versatile Mr. Andrew Lang presided, and delivered an admirable address. Everyone knows, in a general way, what is meant by folk-lore though it may not be easy to give an accurate definition of the term. When first, used by the late Mr. Thorns it meant, as Mr. Lang says, fettle more than superstitious Btories customs, proverbs, songs, fables, Ac., but its scope has since been bo increased that it has taken almost all luim&n; life for its province Speaking broadly, it includes that common stock of beliefs and storiesj rites and cere monies, which is the possession of all savage races and survives ampng. the, ignorant classes in civilised countries. It embraces not only fee vast mass of ,«uperstittdns which exist in every part of the world,"but also the fishy tales; that are the delight of childhood and the elaborate "mythology of the Greeks and ftotnans. It is only of late years that all these subjects have been studied fromTa common standpoint, and toe . study has already thrown' arid is atill throw ing much light upon the mental processesof early man. The method of folk-lore, as Mr. Lang aays, rests on the hypothesis that all peoples have passed through a similar mental condition—one "so fanciful, so darkened, so incongruous, so inconsistent with the scientific liahit, that to'the scientific it seems insane." The world appeared to them" to be peopled hy 'fairies, ghosts, witches, and other supernatural beings that we now regard as purely imaginary. A painful existence that of our .ancestors must have been,as thatof savages is now, bnt, nsMr. Lang well puts it, without all these strange and often terrible beliefs, where would be our poetry, our fairy tales, our Greek legends? Our forefathers were martyrs to our poetical enjoyment "Bad mankind always been a thing of school boards and primers we could not even divert d child with ' lted Riding Hood,' and toe 'Sleeping Beauty,' and ' Hop o' my Thumb.'" Let us not, then, look with contempt upon IheiBe old superstitions which have since been transformed into things of beauty and enjoyment-, and as such are likely to be liauded down to the remotest generations of mankind. . I Mrs. -Lynn Linton renews her attack upon "The "Wild Women" in'the Nineteenth Cen tury lor October, dealing with them this time as social insurgents. This Jady-clearly regards her mission very seriously. Things are going dreadfully wrongwith her sex, and she is .determiae<L(if plain speaking , will do it) to check the movement that seems to have set in,'in the direction of assimilating the pursuits -and amusements of Jwomeh to those of mend Hie 'cid ideals, tdie^yS. have quite gone out of fashion. The Desdemonas, Dorotheas, Enid?, Imogens, Milton's Eve and Spenser's Una, Christahel and Gene vie ve,qfo anachronisms,, ace effete, rococo, the pagf,'as aire toe former modes of tockoning a'woman's value by her excel lence hi houa&bid; wOrk and toe noml>er of citizens sbe gives to the stair.. Absolute per sonal independence, coupled wito supreme power oyer men,. is the. aim of the typical woman of our day, and pWconsidets nothing as forbidden or unfit. . She smokes after dinner with toe men, in railwaycarriages, in priblic rooms, tlfinWng she' is thereby vindi cating her independence and emancipation. lie-goCa ebootjpg on the moors. . Notcon u)t wUh croquet and lawn tennis, she has kh'en to golf and cyicket, and . will doubtless jiori try her' hand at pojo, terit-peggipg, and Ring at toe quintain. At these violent robiaes'Wven men. wito toeir narrower hips rid brooder should em, are not particularly rachful;but womep, from their physical jnfmrmatiop, cannpt bc anything.bul awk Sid, ppd jthepret&e;?t ty^mqn in the world MjesfeCT beauty when she is seen "hot arid sihp, "irioppnig1 h<?r' "finished and streaming krie with her handkerchief." - Dot fo the fklwoooeq the fact that !anytbirig is "un LdyCke." ia no objection, r»'b« toe term unwomanly", las - ceased , to have any • e 1 LaiuIIi, - aviutof • tllC ..expect her . tosumyjp. Mre.'Lipton has no itience with 'togf strange' J development • "'onr" tinte, -Jady traveller or i DOt in oider to add a littie ^pse4^0k i«uao<a will traverse equafpnai Africa. yf naaf rihfe ari|? j;§m|ctfoif me fekSlc rofe ri&rieawdtoiwarmWer; India'eridea vonr ? to-atir op a revoltja. the sen ana. iVhmwe have taught toe Hindu women hqijt. uifl dijye,/ jgglf and cricket, eechps in., Parliament, cherish dear lioys 8 6 she psks,." have ytmaift m&tteft; very iictV Then there is ©fashionable b*iy,who must open 'a shop toe West Kfid.nrit bfecaose she is poor* it .beopgge isreattess, 4iasfi|#ed, *n" rgmt(, and., Jfko# ^nothing ao much 88 to ock established "prejudices rind make ople stare,; the wjld woman who goes on e stage. not to tert; brii to -show her legs; idtoelioraeywottaiiwhokaapsaptad, arid whom * foal is one of tocx^oatfmterest ins jogs ,iq lif$ while a^h^d ^one of the Mb jMn.idijton 'tells bg -#at all these eatures' are "cxcroBc'tofceri' bf, the time, * * - " '• • —-v JTv.^'7. 