ICE BOUND. -o BY W. CARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER -Continued, dangerous than the wine and spirits in thS lazaretto and forehold. % The run remained tobe explored-- the after part, I mean, under the lazaretto deck to the rudder post-but I had seen enough; crawling about that black interior was cold, lonesome, melancholyiwork, and it was rendered pe culiarly arduous, by the obligation of caution imposed, by my having to bear a light amid a freight mainly formed of explosives and combustible matter. I had found plenty of coal, and that sufliced. So I returned by the same road I had entered, and sliding to the bulkhead door to keep the cold of the fore castle out of the cook room, I stirred the fire into a blaze and sat down before it to think. CHAPTER XIV. 65 AN EXTRAORDINARY OCCURRENCE. While I sat smoking my pipe it entered my head to presently turn those two silent gentle men in the cabin out of it. It was a task from which I shrank, but it must be done. To be candid, I dreaded the effects of their dismal companionship on my spirits. But how was I to dispose of them? I meditated this matter while I smoked.. First I thought I would drag them to the fissure or rent in the ice just beyond the stern of the schooner and tumble them into it. But even then they would still be with me, so to speak-I mean they world be neighbors, though out of sight; and my eagerness was to get them away from this island altogether, which was only to be done by casting them into tihe sea. I settled my scheme thus: First, I was to haul the figures as best I could on to the deck; then, there being three, to get them over the side, and afterward, by degrees, to transport the four of them to some steep, whence they would slide of themselves into the ocean. Yet so much did I dread the undertaking, and abhor the thought of the tedious time I foresaw it would occupy me, that I cannot imagine any other sort of painful and distressing work that would not have seemed actually agreeable as compared with this. 0 My pipe being smoked out, I stepped into the cabin, and ascending the ladder threw off the companion cover and opened the doors, and then went to the man that had his back to the steps-but my courage failed me; he was so lifo like, there was so wild and fierce an earnestness in the expression of his face, so inimitable a picture of horror in his starting posture, that my hands fell to my side and I could not lay hold of him. I will not stop to analyzo my fear or ask why, since I knew that this man was dead, he should have terriiled me as surely no living man could: I can only repeat that the pros pect of touching him, and laying him upon the deck and then dragging him up the lad der, was indescribably fearful to me, and I turned away shaking as if I had the ague. But it had to be done, nevertheless; and after a great deal of reasoning and self-re proach I seized him on a sudden, and kicking away the bench let him fall to the deck. He was frozen as hard as stone and fell like stone, and I looked to see him break, as a statue might that falls lumpishly. His arms remaining raised put him into an attitude of entreaty to me to leave him in peace; but I had somewhat mastered myself, and the hurry and tumult of my spirits were a kind of hot temper; so catching him by the collar I dragged him to the foot of the companion steps, and then, with intinite labor and a number of sickening pauses, hauled him up the ladder to the deck. @ I let him lie, and returned weary and out of breath.tHe had been a very fine man in life-of beauty, too, as was to be seen in the shape of his features and the particular ele gance of his chin, despite the distortion of his last unspeakable dismay; and with his clothes I guessed his weight came hard upon 200 pounds-no mean burden to haul up a ladder. I went to the cook house for a dram and to rest myself, and then came back to the cabin and looked at the other man. His posture has been already described. Ho made a very burly figure in his coat, and if his weight did not exceed the other's it was not likely to be less. Nothing of his head was visible but the baldness on the top and the growth of hair that ringed it, and the flulfing up of his beard about his arms, in which his face was sunk. I touched his beard with a shuddering finger, and noted that the frost had made every hair of it as stiff as wire. It would not do to stand idly contemplating him, for already there was slowly creeping into me a dread of seeing his face; so I took hold of him and swayed him from the table, and he fell upon the deck sideways, preserving his posture, so that his face remained hidden. I dragged him a little way, but he was so heavy and his attitude reudered him as a burden so surprisingly cumbrous, that I was sure I could never of my own strength haul him up the ladder'Yet neither was it tolerable that he should be there. Then, thought I, if I was to put him before the fire, he might presently thaw into some sort of suppleness, and so prove not harder than the other to get on deck I liked the idea, and without more 44o dragged him la boriously into the cook room and laid him close to the furnace, throwing in a little pile of coal to make the fire roar. ..Dragged hin Iaboriousl.y jM the' cook: room. I then went on deck, and easily enough, the dock being slippery, got my first man to where the huge fellow was that had seoltlneled the vessel when I first looked down upon her; but when I viewed the slopes, broken into rooks, which I, though unburdened, had found hard enough to ascend, I was perfectly cer tain I should never be able to transport the bodies to the top of the clis. I must either let them fall into the great split astern of the ship, or lower them over the side and leave the hollow in which the schooner lay to be their tomb. It was mighty comforting on returning to the cabin to find it vacant, to be freed from the scare of the sight of thotwosllent figures. I drew my breath more easily and stopped to glance around. It was the barest cabin I was ever in-uncarpeted, with no other seats lhan the little benches. I looked at the cru Ciflx; and ggessed from the sight of it Lhat, whatever might be the vessel's natlor.,she had not boen ailed by Engllshmn. I ne.ep Into poor Polly's cage-if a parrot it was- and the sight of the rich plumage carried my imagination to skies of brass, to the myste rious green solitude of tropic forestaSto islands fringed with silver surf, in whose sunny flashing sported nudo girls of fault less forms, showing their teeth of pearl in merry laughter, winding amorously with the blue billow, and filling the aromatic breeze with the melody of theirlanguage of the sun. Hal thought I, sailors seo some changes in their time; and with a hearty sigh I stepped into the cook room. I started, stopped, and fell back a pace with a cry. "When 1 had put the figure be fore the fire he was in the same posture in which he had sat at the table-that is, lean ing forward with his face hid in his arms; I had laid him on his side, with his face to the furnace, and in that attitude you would have supposed him a man sound asleep with Ihis arms over his face to shield it from the heat. But now, to my unspeakable astonishment, he lay on his back, with his arms sunk to his side, and resting on the deck, and hi faee upturned. I stared at him from the door as if he was the fiend himself. I could scarcely credit my senses; and my consternation was so great that I cannot conceive of any man ever hav ing labored under a greater fright. [I faintly ejaculated "Good God!" several times, and could hardly prevent my legs from running awuv'-ith ume.O You see, it was certain that he mdst have moved of his own accord to got upon his back. I was prepared for the fire to thaw him into limberness, and had I found hint straightened somewhat I should not have been surprised. But there was no power in fire to stretch hiim to his full length and turn hint over on his back. What living or ghostly hand had done this thing? Dlit spirits wallk this schooner after all? Hail I missed of something more terrible than any number of dead menl in searching the vessr4l I had made a great fire, and its light was strong, and there was also the light of the lantern; but the furnace flames played very lively, completely overnnastering the steady illumination of the candle, and the man's fig ure was all a-twitch withl moving shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to steal out of the side and bulkheads and disap pear upon my terrified gaze. Then, thought I, suppose after all that man should he alive, the vitality in him set flowirig by the heati I minded myself of my own simile of the current checked by frost, yet retainiig unim paired the principle of motion; and, getting my agitation under some small control, I ap proached the body on tiptoe and held the lan tern to its face. He looked a' man of 60 years of age; hiis beard was gray and very long, and lay upon his breast like a cloud of smoke. IIis eyes were closed; the brows shaggy, and the dark scaci of a sword wound ran across his forut head from the corner of the left eye to tihe top of the right brow. His nose was long and hooked; but the repose in his countenance, backed by the vague character of the light in which I inspected hint, left his face almost. expressionless. I was too 'much alarmed to put may ear to his mouth to snark If Its breathed, if indeed the noise of the buruing fire would have permitted tme to distinguish his respiration. I drew back front him, anit put down the lantern and watched hint. Presently his left leg, that was slightly bent toward the furnace, stretched itself out to its full length, and ny ear caught a faint sound, as of a weak and meclancholy sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is alive! and with less of terror than of profound awe, now that I saw. there was nothing of ia ghostly or preternatural character in this business, I approached and bent over him. His eyes were still shut, and I could inot hear that he breathed; there was not the faintest motion of respiration in his breast nor stirin the hair, that was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, so far as the light would suffer tle to judge, there was a complexion in his face such as could only come with ilowing blood, however languid its circulation; and putting this and the sigh and the movement of the leg together, I felt convinced that the man was alive, and forthwith fell to work, very full of awe and annmazeent, to be sure, to help nature, that was struggling in him.` My first step was to heat some brandy, and while -this was doing I pulled open his coat and freed his neck, fetching a coat from the cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I next removed his tedots and laid bare his feet' (wh,'h were incased in no less than four pairs of thick woolen stockings, so that I thought when I came to the third pair I should find his legs nmado of stockings), and after bathing his feet in hot water, of which there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with hot brandy as hard as I could chafe. I then dealt with his hands in the like matnner, having once been shipmate with a seaman who told mo he had seen a sailor brought to by severe rubbing of his extremities after he had been carried below supposed to be frozen to death, and continued this exercise till I could rub no longer. Next I opened his lips, and finding he wanted some of his front teeth, I very easily poured a drain of brandy into his mouth, Though I preserved my astonish ment all this while, I soon discovered myself working with enthusiasm, with is most pas sionate longing indeed to recover the man, not only because it pleased me to think of my being an istrutment under God of calling a human being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because I yearned for a companion--some one to address, to lighten the hideous solitude of my condition, and to assist me in planning our deliverance. 41 I ouilt up a great fire, and with much trouble, for he was very heavy, disposed him in such a manner before it that the heat was refoieted all over the front of him front his head to his feet. I likewise continued to chafe his ;extremities,: remitting this work only to rest; and finding that the brandy had stolen down his throat, I poured another dram in, and then attother, till I think he had swallowed a pint. This went on for an hour, durhing which time he never exhibited the least signs of life; but on a sudden be sighed dleep; a tremor ran throughl himnt; he sighed again, and partly raisedhis right hand, which fell to the deck with a blow; his lips twitched, msd a small convulsfon of his face compelled the features into the simnilitude of a grin that instantly faded; then he fetched a suo cession of sighs, and opened his eyes full upoln I was warm enough with my work; but when I observed him looking at me I turned of a death like cold, and felt the dow of an intolerable emotion wet in the palms of my hands. There was no speculation in his stare at ltiat-his eyes lay as coldly upot me as those of a fish; but as life quickened in him. so his munderstanding awokeo; he slightly kInit ted his brows, and very slowly rolled his gaze oai ne to the furnace, and so over as much of the cook room as was before him. He then started as if to sit up, hut fell bhack with a slight groan and looked at me again. "What is thish" said he, in French, in a very hollow, feeble voice. . .------- - I know enough of his language to enable me to know he spoke French, but that was all. -I could iot speak a syllablo of that tongue. " 4 "You'll be feeling.better presently; you must not pxpect youp strPstgtl to comie it a minute," said I, takling ly chantice of his un dorstandintg nme, and epsaking that he alight not think nle a ghost, for I doubt not I was as white as one-usince, to be plain, the usere talting to a figuro that I had got to consider ss sheerly dead as anybody In a grave yard, was alarming enough; and then, again, there was the sound of my own voice, which I had not exerted in speech for ages, as it seemed to mo. s w . He faintly nodded his head, by which I perceived he understood me, and said very faintly in English, but with a trueo French accent, "This is a hard bed, sir." "I'll speedily mend that," said I, and at once fetched a mattress from the cabin next mine; this I placed beside him, and dragged him on to it, he very weakly assisting. I then brought clothes and rugs to cover him with, and made him a high pillow; and as he lay close to the furnace he could not have been snugger had he had a wife to tuck him up in his onal bed. I was very much excited; my former ter rors had vanished, but my awe continued great; for I felt as if I had wrought a mir acle, and I trembled as a man would who surveys some prodigy of his own creation. It was yet to be learned how long he had been in this condition; but I was perfectly sure he had formed one of the schooner's peo ple; and as I had guessed her to have been hero upward of fifty years, the notion of that man having lain torpid for half a century held me under a perpetual spell of astonish ment; but there was no more horror in me nor fright. He followed me about with his 'eyes, but did not offer to speak; perhaps he could not. I put a lump oft ice into "the kettle, and when the water boiled made him a pint of steaming brandy punch, which I hold to his lips in a pannikin, while I supported his back with my knee; he supped it slowly and painfully, but with unmistakable relish, and fetched a sigh of contentment as helay back. But he would need something more sustaining than brandy and water; and as I guessed his stomach, after so pIrodigious a fast, would be too weak to support such solids as beef or pork or bacon, I mused a little, turning over in my mind the contents of the larder (as I call it), all which time he eyed me with bewilder ment growing in his face; and I then thought I could not do better than manufacture him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised biscuit and a piece of tongue minced very small. This did not take me long in doing-the tongue being near the furnace, and soft enough for the knife, and there was nothing to melt but the wine. When the broth was ready I kneeled as before and fed him. He ate greedily, and when the broth was gosne looked as if he would have been glad for more. "Now, sir," says I, "sleep if you can" with which he turned his head, and in a few minutes was sound asleep, breathing regu larly and deeply. CHAPTER XV. TruR PIRATE'S STOR'Y. I lighted my pipe and sat smoking, think ing he would presently awake; but his slum her was as deep as the stillness I had thawed him out of had been, and lie lay so motion less that, but for his snoring and harsh breath ing, I should have believed him lapsed into his former lifelessness, At 8 o'clock the fire was very low, iNa ture was working out her own way with this Frenchmnlan, and I determined to let him sleep where he was, and take my chance of the night. The gale made a great roaring. The ship's stern lay open to the gorge, and but for her steadiness I might have supposed myself at sea. I snugged me down amid the coats and cloaks in my cot, and, obstinately holding my eyes closed, ultimately fell asleep. It was a little after 7 when I awoke. I lighted the lantern, but upon entering the passage that lead to the cabin I observed by my own posture that the schooner had not only heeled more to larboard, but was far. ther "down by the stern" to the extent of several feet. Indeed, the angle of inclina tion was now considerable enough to bring my shoulder (in the passage) close against the starboard side when I stood erect. The noise of the gale was still in the air, and the boom ing and boiling of the sea was uncommonly loud.. I walked sraighlt to the cook room, and, putting the lantern to tie Frenchman, perceived that he was still in a heavy sleep, and that he had lain through the night pre cisely hi the attitude in which I had left him. His face was so mutilled that little more than his long hawk's bill nose was discerniblea It was freezingly cold, and I made haste to light the fire. There was still coal enough in the corner to last for the dlay, and before long the furnace was burning cheerfully. I went to work to make some broth and fry some ham, and melt a little block of ruby colored wine; and while thus occupied, turns lang my head a moment to look at the French. man, I found him half started up, staring in tently at me. This sudden confrontment threw me into such confusion that I could not speak. Ile moved his head from side to side, taking a view of the scene, with an expressionl of the most inimitable astonishment painted upon his countenance. Ile then brought the ilat of his hand with a dramatic blow to his fore head, the sear onl which showed black as ink to the fire glow, and sat erect, "Where have I beent" he exclaimed in French. "Sir," said I, speaking with the utmost difficulty, "I do not understand your lan guage. I am English. You speakmy tongue. Will you address me in it)" "Englishl" Ito exclaimed in English, drop ping his head on one side, and peering at me with an incredible air of amnazement. "How came you hero) You are not of our com panyl Let me see"- Here he struggled with recollection, continuing to stare at me from under his shaggy eyebrows as if I was some frightful vision. "I am a shipwrecked British nmariner," said I, "and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner." "Hal" Ite interrupted, with prodigious vehemence, "certainly; we are frozen up-I remember. That sleep should serve my memory so." He made as if to rise, but sat again. "The cold is numbing; it would weaken a loion. Give me a hot drink, sir." I filled a pannikin with the melted wine, which he swallowed thirstlly, "Morel" cried he, "I seem to-want life." Again I filled tle pannikinu. "Goodi" said he, fetching a sigh, as here turned the vessel; "you are very obliging, sir. If you have food there we will eat to. gether," I give the substance of his speech, but not his delivery of it; nor is it necessary that I should interpolate my rendering with the French words he used. The broth being boiled, I gave him a good bowl'of it along with a plate of bacon and tongue, some biscuit and a pannikin of hot brandy and wvater, all which things I put upon his knees as he sat upon the mattress; and to it he fell, making a rare meal. Yet all the while he ate be acted like a man bo witched, as well he might, staring at me and looking round and round him, and then drop. pinug his knife to strike his brow, as if by that kind of blow he would quicken tl spp tivity pof mmory there. '"Thero is something wrong,' said hie, pres ently..- "Whant is it, sirl This is the cook room. Ilow does it happen that I al lyinhlg herel" I told hinm exactly how it was, adding that if it hIad not been for his posture, which obliged me to thaw in order to carry him, he woould now be on deck with the others, await ing the best funeral I could give him. "Who are the others?" asked he. . "I know not," said I. "There were four in all, counting yourself; one sits frozen to death on the rocks. I met him first, and took his watch from his pocket that I might tell the time." lHe took the watch In his hands, and asked me to bring the lantern close. "Hal" cried he "this was !lendoza's-the captain's. I remember; he took it for the sake of this letter upon it. He lies dead on the rocks? We missed him, but did notknow where he had gone." Then, raising his hand and impulsively starting upon the mattress, he cried, while he tapped his forehead, "It has come backI I have itl Giuseppe Tren tanove and I were in the cabin; lie had fallen blind with the glare of the ice-if that was it. We confronted each other. On asudden he screamed out. I had put my face into my arms and felt myself dying. Ills cry aroused me. I looked up and saw him leaning back from the table with his eyes fixed and horror in his countenance. I was too feeble to speak -too languid to rise. I watched him a while, and then the drowsiness stole over me again, and my head sank and I remember no more." He shuddered, and extended the pannikin for more liquor. I filled it with two-thirds of brandy and the rest water, and he supped it down as if it had been a thimblefulof wine. "By the holy cross," cried he, "but this is very wonderful, though! How long have you been here, sir?" Ql "Three days." "Three daysl ain. I have been in a stupor all that time-never:' moving, never breatb ing'" V "You will have been in a stupor longer than that, I expect," said I. "What is this month?" he cried. "July," I replied. "July-Julyl" he muttered. "Impossiblel Let me see"-he began to count ont his fingers -"we fell in with the ice and got locked in November. We had six months of it; I recol lect no more. Six months of it, sir; and suppose the stupor came upon me then, the month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet you callthisJaly-thatis to say, four months of oblivionl Impossiblel" "What was the year in which you fell in with the ice!" said I. "The year?" he exclainmed, in a voice deep with the wonder this question raised in him; "the year? Why, man, what year but 17511" "Good Godl" cried I, jumping to my feet with tetrror at a statement I had anticipated, though it shocked me as a new and frightful revelation. "Do you know what year this is!" He looked at me without answering. "It is 1801," I cried; and as I said this I re coiled a step, fully expecting him to leap up uandlexhibit a hundred demonstrations of horror and consternatiou; for this, I am per sunded, would have been my posture had any nman roused usme from a slumber and told me I had been in that condition for eight and forty years. He continued to view me with a very strange and cunning expression in his eyes, the coolness of which was inexpressibly sur prising and bewildering, and even mortify ing; then presently, grasping his beard, looked at it; then put his hands to his face and looked at them; then pulled out his feet and looked at them; then very slowly, but without visible effort, stood up, swaying a little with an air of weakness, and proceeded to feel and strike himself all over, swinging his arms and using his legs-after which he sat down and pulled his clothes over his naked feet, and, fixing his eyes on me afresh, said: "What do you say this year is, sir?" "Eighteen hundred and one," I replied! "Bahl" said he, and shook his head very knowingly. "No matter; you have been shipwrecked, tool Sir, shipwreck shuffles dates as a player does cards; and the best of us will go wrong in famine, loneliness, cold and peril. Boe of good cheer, my friend; all will return to you. Sit, sir, that I may hear your adventures, anmid I will relate mine." I saw how it was; lie supposed me do. ranged-a mortifying construction to place upon the language of aman who had restored him to life; yet a few moments reflection taught me to see the reasonableness of it, for unless he thought se crazy lie nmust conclude I spoke the trulth, and it was inconceivable he should believe that Ite hadi lain in a frozen condition for eight and forty years. a I have no doubt the disorder my mind was in helped to persuade hitn that I had not the full possession of mny senses. He ran his eye over 'iy figure and then round the cook roont, and said, "I ain impatient to learn your story, sir." "Why, sit," said I, "my story is summed up in what I have already told you." But that he might not be at a loss-for to be sure, he had only very neowly collected his intel. lect-I related my adventures at large. He drew nearer to the furnace while I talked, bringing his covering of clothes along with him, and held out his great hands to toast at the fire, all the time observing' foe with searce a wink of the eye. Arrived at the end of my tale, I told how only last night I had dragged his companion on deck, and how he was to follow but for his posture. "Iis!" orled he, "you might have caused my flesh to mortify by laying me close to the fire. It would have been better to rub me' with snow." He poked tup one foot after the other to count his toes, fearing some had come away with his stockings, and then said: "Well, and how long should I have slept had you not come? Another week! By St Paul, I might have died! Have you my stockings, sir?" I gave them to him, and he pulled them over his legs and then drew on his boots and stood up, the coats and wraps tumbling off him as he rose. "I can stand," says he. "That is good." But in attempting to take a step he reeled, and would have fallen had I not grasped his arm. A & "Patience, my friend, patience!" he mut tered, as if to himsel. "I must lie a little longer, and with that he kneeled anl then lay along the mattress. iHe breathedboavily and pointed to the paunikin, I asked him whether he would have wine or brandy. He answered "Wine," so I mnelted a draught, which dose, I thought, on top of what he had already taken, would send him to sleep: but instead it quickened his spirits, and with no lack of life in his voice, hlie said: "What isthe condition of thie vessel " I told him that she was still high and dry, adding that during the night some sort of change hadhappened, whilch I should pres ently go on deck to remark. "Think you," says he, "that there is aly chance of her ever being liberated!" I answered, "Yes, but not yet; that is, if the ice in breakinig doesn't destroy her. The summer season has yet to come, and we ape progressing north; but now that you are with me, it will be a question for us to settle whether we are to wait for the ice to release the schooner or endeavor to effect out' Bp.¢e by other means." A curious glea?m f cunning satisfaction shone in his eyes as he lodpked at me; he then kep1 sllence for somen momets, lost In thought. "Pray," said I, breaking in upon him, "what ship is this(" He startedt, deliberated aln Ilstt?tl~lS e swered,'clThe Boca del,DragoA , "A SIaniardi" . He nodded. '. " . "She wa~s a piratel" said ± " (To be Continued) tl _ 