Crumbs. Circus. Theatre. Garner's. Privilege. Cyelorama. Wirepulling. Ebby wroth. Poor Parsons. M.L.C.'s excited. Cholera increasing. Legislative nuisances. Another set-to to day. Marble Hall disgraced. Who wrote that letter? Still on the down grade. Lusitania off to London. Humbugging legislation. Assembly kept bad hours. A constitutional question. Hanlan defeated VcLean. Ministerial boss found out. Bolting from responsibility. Germany has had a collision. French Ministers la gripped. Thunderer down upon Dibbs. Sweeps boycotted in Victoria. Dibbs' Ministry still inooinplete. Barometer at noon to-day, 30'69. Ebenezer associated with a Kirk. To crucify him is to canonize him. He would like to pose as a martyr. Turkish deputation visiting Russia. Stormy weather in Council yesterday. Socialist Marson went for singleta^L—s. Leader Lindsay traveling to the caoip. Parliamentary bounoe ended m a wmtie. Council Chamber not big enough to day. Messrs. Ward and Kirkpatrick matched. Mayor's ball to juvenileB on Friday night.... . Trespass on the forbearance of the pnbho. Salvationists' parades forbidden in France. . Newspapers had a bad time in the Council, Who IB the cat'e-paw and who the monkey 1 We are] not afraid to fight a solitary woman. . Another successful artificial rainfall in Texas. - German anarchists bolted to save tlwirskins. Who wrote that letter?—not A.A.K. surely. "You shan't board in the same bocise with, ns!" Woman boycotted by males — manliness , dead. Any chance taken of a shot at the Goven. . ment. - - M.L.C. Copley not yet convalescent; braik. mixed. Mr. Cohen made a joke. Where's a blue pencil? Where's your sense of gratitu le, Mk>-. Copley! Was the Hon. John Langdon suffering from influenza ? Fenian Devoy aocuses Mick D-ivitk of treachery. - If Kirk was sent down below f >r three months say ? The babyish side of Unionism—b:>ycotkup helpless women. Another dose of privilege and constitutionalism to-day. He would dearly love to be mistaken far 4 man of importance. Influenza affects the temper aft wall as the brain, eh, Mr. Copley. The Legislative Council perceived the In3 of the Chief Secretary. Mr. J. M. Solomon, the well-Lnown lawyer, is down with influenza. "Irreconcilable condition of mind." ,Nol usually called by that name. J " Competition was the root of all evil." St is love the source of all misery. "An infuriated populace.let lose*: ou pilgrims." That's the Holy Father. Pilot Ayers has to- navigate the Council through stormy seas and amidst rocks. It is getting too thin to shift resjmasibilitJ for utterances by blaming the reporter. Sun rose at 5.13 a.m.; aets at &19p.*. Moon set at 7.35 a.m.; rises at 10.43 p.m. Government confessed to tie crime of being accessories after the fact to an act of grooeu . Commissioner of Lands felt bad yesterday. He could have thrown stones at his- grahd< - dad. Kirk did not think there would be ao mdt bother, about that letter to which he signed his name. ' It is not true that Kirk oould not sleep task night for thinking of the Black Hole of Marble Palace. There are some disputants wh«> should ba tied together by the beds and ipegged on to • line at the North Pole. If races were less frequent many would be deprived of conversation upon the orly topie about which they know anything. Horses don't want the whip Norwood way, as there's a violin on the warpath at mort street corners, middles, and ends. Awkward when an interruption affects a . carefully prep^ed speech to the uxtent of making one wonder what he is standin^ther* for. It is at a time of .political and commemcl crisis that the newspaper man is enabled to discover bow- many outsiders know best how to run a paper. Horse, cart, and harness, sold lately foe 22s. Softly ; or else some globetrotter win bs mentioning the fact in an English magazine aa an instance of the cheapness of thingB colonial. The London Echo gives the following:— Cargo of a steamer bound for the we-st coast of - Africa—14 Protestant missionaries, 460 tons of gunpowder, 11 cases of gin, and 10,000 casks of rum. The Victoriau Literary Societies' Union have arranged for an intercolonial competition for a manuscript magazine open to all Societies affiliated with the Literary Societies' Unions of Australasian colonies. South Australian native names suitable for boats:—Yootiekah means the muBic of the rippling water or the noise made by a oaaoa going against the stream; Tarooki, seagull; Pinangol, large gall; Parangal, pelican \ Murlong, sandy beach; Nirioha, tbe wind; . Noonkolar, a shark; Mamnla, mullet; Con; goola, crawfish; Mooreindee, sailing along '} Feedanee, to swim strongly. The New Commercial Industry. — First Drummer—I am representing the Thunderbolt Rain-producing Company; our showers last two hours and twenty minutes, and we make a sample shower free of charge! Second Drummer—Let me take your order, sir, for the Aquarius Artificial Rain-making Com- - pany; our run is superior to anything in the market, and we give a silk umbrella and » pair of overshoes witheveiy shower.—N.Y. Puck. FAX.—Will true Britons ever forget the Battle of Trafalgar, or Britannia cease to ~ mourn "o'er Nelson's tomb with silent grief oppressed?" It is now just eighty-six yean ago this 2lBt of October that that famous battle was fought " for England, home, and beauty;" and this is what Southey, in his "Life of Nelson,"has to say of him:—"H» cannot be said to have fallen prematurely whosa work was done, nor ought he to be lamented who died so full of honours and at the height . of human fame. The most triumphant death is that of the martyr; the most awful, that of tbe martyred patriot; the most splendid, tbak of the hero in the hour of victory; and if the chariot and the horses of fire bad been vouchsafed to Nelson's translation he could scaroely have departed in a brighter ulaze of glory." Does any man desire a more eloquent wulogtum pronounced at his funeral obsequies? I trow . not. FAX.—Yoq may talk till you are hoarse about old daddies Parr and Jenkins living to a great age, but what do you think of the longevity of the respectable members of the vegetable kingdom ? You know 3onah's gourd "grew up in a night and perished in a night," but just look at the following list. " List, liat^ O list." A mushroom will live for a week. Some plants germinate, grow to maturity, and die in a month. Some enjoy their " flowery spring, their ardent summer's strength, their sober autumn fading into age," and then cut their stick. Others are biennials. Many maintain their ground fee. scores of years. The Arabs • say that., the date palm does not give up the ghost tillrt has enjoyed 300 "happy returns of the day^ that it first saw the light. Some of the Brazilian cocoanut palms are known to defy the "King of Terrors" for 600 years. Throe is now near Paisley, in Sootland, an oak <dd enough to remember the glories of JSaniUMfcburn. Some of the cedars of Lebanonaresupposed to have been faradvanoed towards matarity when Solomon was a toby. AdaMoa computes the age of certain baobab *ma of Africa at 5000 years, and Humboldt bdieve; n Drmeoa Draco of Tenenffe to beoee of eldest inhabitants of the world. .. . 