WHISPERS AT THE WINGS. i , BY "QOINOE." Geoboy Darrzll, who has hitherto bean pomewhat remarkable for spoiling his -wall- constructed and carefully-written dramas by too copious an admixture of sensational elements, has at last purified his style, and written a pretty natural and yet romantic piece called " Hue and Cry," which Is fully worthy of presentation in any theatre ill the world', It is true that it begins in Eng land with a prologue, takes the spectator to Australia ten years later for en episode and presently, after a supposed lapse of seventeen years, conies to theplay itself, which is a love story chiefly, but a very good one. Even in the play you pass one act in Aus tralia, one in England, and tbe last in Aus tralia, there being an additional lapse of six months between the first and second scenes. But Barrel, like many" other anthorS) defies the unities of time and plaoe tod person. A cloth comes down, and hie people are six months or seventeen years older, as the case may be. The same cloth whisks you from place to place, hundreds of miles apart, mid tha mother of the episode is her own daughter, fifteen minutes later. But toe difference be tween " Hue and Cry" and many dramas in which equal liberties of time and place are taken is that in "Hue and Cry" you see really orderly and properly- chosen episodes on toe lines of the characters, and in most pieces in which toe unities are oast off you do not. Oddly enough, by toe way, farcical comedy more closely preserves the unities of time and place and person than the drama does. In Bumand's laughter-moving " Jane," for instance, they are perfectly observed. Yet " Jane " is distinctly not a high-class piece, e « Gboboe Dxrbell gives nil his companions a good show, and really no one has any cause to complain of his part. Mr. Holloway never had so good a villain to play in all his long and meritorious dramatic career. Mr. Greenaway, a villain of another stamp, is equally well fitted. Mr. Ireland, who has but one scene, has not had so congenial a part these ten years. Of Miss Bryce the same tbing may be 6aid, and so with Mr. Brown, Mr. Phillips, Mr.Kelly, and Mr. Bernard, ihey are all fitted to parts that exactly suit them, and as tbey are all always excellent in suit able parts, they are all specially good now. Darrell himself, as toe hard-working, high- minded victim of unmerited persecution, is a familiar sight, but he never wrote for him self or had in any other man's piece before a part in which, despite his undeserved suffer ings, he was not just a little bit too severely tried. This time he hits toe happy mean. He ie still toe suffering victim of persecution, but he is manful and brisk, not wordy nor sententious, and is consequently quite agree able, in spite of a red shirt in one scene which does not suit his red wig, and an aggressive blue necktie in another which does not com bine with anything around it. But tbe play is really so good that you would forgive the red sbirt and the blue necktie if be wore them both together. And if you did not, you would not mind, because Mrs. Darrell atones for all. In & fawn brown dress, just short enough to show her pretty ankles, with delightful tittle shoes, and hose to match, she looks tike what Mr. WhiBtler might call a symphony in brown, and when she dances in and kisses her father, and promises to marry Bans Phillips, you feel inclined to kill them both out of the way, and propose an elopement or something of that sort. Or tbe other theatres there is not very much to be said. " The Gondoliers " draws crowds, and Mr. Williamson might run it until Christmas if he would, but he won't. " This Great City," at the Alexandra is a stirringly sensational drama wherein quite a number of wicked people come to grief in front of come very, pretty scenery, and Miss Katharine Russell plays fairy god-motber to the two Miss Dampiers when toey are both in great distress. She brings those interest ing young ladies bread and tea, and jam and sardines, and sugar and butter, and rum — or port wine is it?— and soap and cheese and other luxuries in a big box, and finishes by giving them an .envelope with ..two. five pound notes In it." If I had a fairy god-motber Jibe that, and she would repeat that performance nightly until 1 got tired of it, 1 would allow her five hundred a year and pet her &s; long as I could see. I think Miss Russell is tbe jolliest of the whole bunch. She comes cm the 'stage like sunshine, whisks about like a ' bie in a clover field, .And never' stops,1 nor attitudinises, nor sjidws off. She is just toe kind of Woman who, if she got married and had a little'-boy, would let him go swimming and nevti m'ake a fuss about ii - ' ' Ay theBijou, the fascinating Myra Kemble etill charms other people's husbands and lovers, and looks them up in various corners of her house, where they come to various sorts of trouble. She ha#, a peoutiariy fetching way of titivating toe bald sfiols on Mr. Gorle&se;'s head, which must be heartbreaking to his sweethearts in the etalls, if be has any there ; and when she gets the key down her back and tries to dance it out again, you wonder what will happen until your teeth begin to shake with your laughter. "Rob Roy," bids us " Good-bye" to-night, but it is not tbe "Rob Roy" who came to us three weeks ago. That. Rob Roy has changed bands with the Baillie, and Mr. Alderson reigns in his stead. Anyone who knows toe words and is not afraid to wear a kilt can play Rob Roy, and so Mr. Bentley was wise to show he could pl&v; some thing else. Be plays the B&illre; well, but certainly no better than Mr. Cathcart did. The one advantage of toe eh≱ is toe return of Julius Knight, whose flash- leigh Osbaldiston is a really fine performance. I # " Hamlet" is to be staged to-morrow at the Theatre Royal, wilh Bentley as Hamlet, Miss Laura flansop as Ophelia, Mr. Cathcart as 1'oloniuE, Mr. Alderson as the Ghost, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner as toe Queen, and Mr. Julius Knight as Laertes, a character which ihere is every reason to believe from what he has done heretofore Jie will play admir ably. Ok Saturday next, at the Bijou, Grundy's eomedy of toe "Silver 6hield" will be played, and then, after six sights, toe double company will be re-united, and we shall again have the highly-finished performance of Mr. Boucicault, Mr. Lyndal, and others of that side of the house, while for Chrfctmss there is " Much Ado About Nothing" toe last piece for which Lewis Wingfield designed costumes and scenery. Tbsbb is nothing new to chronicle at the Victoria llall, which is always ovcrfiljed, nor at tbo Gaiety, which is also patronised by a large number of people. Tabby Is at the Museum a Mr. Valentine Voueden, a most clever and comical mimic, who bears a very strong resemblance to a gentleman of toe eame name I saw first some thirty years ago. As that Valentine Vonsdcn was then presumably thirty or so, and this one is not probably twenty-two, I suppose they are not the satne. Bnt there is a distinct resemblance, both in appear ance and talent, aud I heartily wish toe new bearer of toe old name all possible success. Fob Obrlstmas Mr. Ooppin gives ns panto mime with, it is said, seventeen new and popular people from London theatres and IntfiQ If eo, toe fame and fortune of the Goppin management will increase, as we all hope to see it do. Mr. Darapler will also .give pantomime, and the MacMahon's will try their lnek at toe Opera HouBewith "The Pearl of Fekin," a third specimen of Mr. Bice's skill. " La Gigale " is expected at toe Princess', and, as before mentioned, " Much Ado About Nothing" at toe Bijon. SeiXiS' circus has eaten u|) all other Sydney shows, and is coming here presently to eat up our caterers for public amusement. No doubt Betis' show ib singularly good, but onr managers con take care of themselves pretty welt Bkabblle has been entertaining the good people of Broken Hill, and toe Sifwr Aw says: -"Boor Miss Bnazelle, she had shard task in singing in an atmosphere containing a pound oi dust to the'sqoare inch, and !n- terrunted by the continual noises of toe etorm!" No doubt. <f fUNSffft" of the ITaMCEHtri Herald, save it Ib Mr. brngiu' intention to take the jpteghyeraterimiy to Australia in tbe 