New Detective Stories (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) (BY SIR GILBERT CAMPBELL.) THE STAR OP ORANIPORE. i in the dead op niout. (Continued.) Squire Har bottle, a hard-viding, port-wine-drinking justice of tlie peace, was soon upon the spot, and at once ordered the young man's removal to the gaol. Then it was that Spenser afjrubuu uppuuicu cu utlsu whud ullo lethargy which oppressed him, and in j the strongest terms protested his inno cence. He declared that, after eating his dinner, a strange feeling of drowsi ness had stolen over him, and that, unable to resist it, he had par- | tially undressed, and flung himself ' upon his lied. Prom this moment ! he recollected nothing more, though ho | had a vague idea that someone had entered the room, though ho could not say at what time. » ,» ' Of course this explanation did not in any way exculpate him, .and : in spito of his remonstrances he was removed. , ' Meanwhile , " careful examination had. been; niadje, of the dead man's chamber, and 'a startling discovery was made. The celebrated diamond, the Star of Oranipore, together with a large number of precious stones, had disappeared. 'Spensor Lynton's room was carefully searched, but no traces of the missing gems could be discovered. Kcrasee, who was most anxious to afford information, stated that his de ceased master kept these gems in a cabinet in his bedroom, but the door had been forced and the receptacle was empty, save for a small sealed packet, which the dusky domestic said his master had always informed him con tained his wishes as to the disposition of his body. As Spenser Lynton, who was un doubtedly the heir-at-law, was not qualified to break the seal, Squire Harbottle took upon himself to do so, and, on perusing the contents, found that ICerasee had been perfectly correct in what ho had stated. Tho memorandum contained in tho packet was a very brief one, though of an extraordinary character. It said that the writer had always had a morbid dread of being buried alive. That with a view to prevent this he had caused a marble mausoleum to be erected in the park. To this his body was to be conveyed, no matter from what cause ho died, and was to remain there in charge of Keraseo until signs of decomposition set in, when it was to be interred in the granite sarcophagus which stood in the centre of the building. After this duty had been performed the dusky servitor was to receive tho sum of £100 and a free passage to his native country. At this stage of the ptoceedings Kerasee burst out into an effusion of gratitude and declared that after he had performed his last duties to his dead master he should leave for his own laud, a broken- hearted man. In rccordance with these instruc tions the body of the murdered man was removed to tho sumptuous build ing which he had caused to be erected \ in tho park, and Keraseo followed, ! with his head sunk upon his breast and every appearance of abject sor row. Night closed over Dynston Hall, and one by ono tho lights were ex tinguished, and not a ray was to be seen save the gleam which shone out i from the window pierced in the roof ; , of tho mausoleum in tho park. The news of the murder had spread far and wide, and had even penetrated to i the littlo cottage where Lesbia Ham- i mond dwelt with her mother, a shrewd, j designing woman, who had favored ! the colonel's wooing as soon as she j found that he had been attracted by her daughter's fresh young charms. But Lesbia had ever remained true to her hist love, and had given her i elderly admirer no encouragement, | and it was this which had piqued him into making the statement about his : engagement which had led to the altercation with his nephew. ! That night Lesbia retired to rest, and, after praying for the preserva tion of her lover, sank into the deep sleep which Providence sometimes mercifully vouchsafes to exhausted mortals. She dreamed that the murdered man stood beside her, whispering in her ear, " The mausoleum in the" park ; haste thee." She started from her sleep, and as she sat up in, bed tho loom seemed filled with the echo of the same words. Without pausing to think, she dressed, and, creeping out of the cottage, made her way to Dynston Hall. As she passed the cross roads she heard the rapid tramp of a horse's feet, and in a few minutes old Squire Harbottle pulled up beside her. " Curious," said he with au oath, " but lie told me I should find you here," " lie — who do you mean ?" de manded the girl. "Old Colonel Peverton," answered the squire ; " he has been at my bed side half the night, and told me to have a horso saddled and meet you at the cross roads. Put yoilr foot on the toe of my boot, jump up in front, and tell me where I am to take you." "To the .mausoleum in Dynston Park," answered Lesbia, us she obeyed his injunctions. the finding of the diamond. Twenty minutes brought tho strangely- met pair to the outside of the belt of trees, in the centre of which the mausoleum was situated, and Squire Harbottle, alighting from liis panting steed, asked his companion what the next move was to be. " I don't believo in ghosts or any tom foolery of that kind," remarked he, " but I could almost swear tliat I saw the old colonel's face at one of those lighted windows. I wouldn't be that poor devil of a "nigger who has to keep watch over the mangled body for £1000, though I am as hard up just notv as a man can be." Lesbia was gazing aboutlher in a half dreamy sort of way. " Is there no means of seeing what is going on within ?" asked she. " My heart tells me that we are on the eve of some great discovery." Squire Harbottle gazed around him for a moment, and then remarked, , " There is a ladder under the wall of the building. I will fasten up old Red Lancer to a tree, and then we can ascend by the iaddor and see what is doing within through the windows in the dome ; but I say, Lesbia, my girl, what is the good of all this 1 We shall only see the blackfellow fust asleep, or else smoking that outlandish pipe of his, which looks for nil the world like a great snake, for the mergers, I have heard, look upon death as a mere nothing." " Never mind what you /.think, squire," returned Lesbia, with a little impatient stamp of the foot, .."I. feel that I am right ; hut do please make haste." Grumbling a little at Iter obstinacy, the squire secured his horse, and then by a great exertion of strength raised the ladder and placed ' it against the wall of the mausoleum. "Come, my girl," said he, when the task was ac complished. "Up yon go, but don't be frightened, for the sight" your eyes will light upon will be a gruesome one, I expect." Light as a bird, Lesbia ascended the ladder, and the squire followed her with more care and considerably less agility. The girl soon reached the terrace which ran round the dome, and gazed down into the interior through one of tho many windows with which it was pierced. - As the squire had told her, a weird siglit was presented to her eyes. The body of the murdered man lay upon a slab, covered by a white sheet, beneath which the rigid outline of the limbs could easily be seen. Tho lid of the huge granite sarcophagus, which was to prove tho last receptacle for the' dead, had not been removed, and tho atmosphere of the circular chamber was heavy with the resinous gum which was burning in chafing-dishes sup ported on tall brazen stands. ' (TO BE, CONTINUED.) 