SUMMARY OF NEW ZEALAND ... -, NEWS. ? 5 " DUNEDIN, MAY 7.'., Ki on Ministerial organs are beginning to admit that some of the res cut retrenchments carried out by the Government have been ill advised, and that to, secure efficiency wholesale reinstatements lmve_bcpniiiei.es Sii;>Yultt>r. Buller is used. iieid"f_i-/i_3 Te Acoha'aeal (is a Government supporter Mr. .jhdiîoni.'Mmister cf Mines, when in, the district, its .serif.)to learn the. lions of the, electors, He asserts that the, Government has no desire to impose a nominee on the electors but merely as wishes to obtain a candidate in harmony with the electors and themselves At length definite action has been taken to test the position of Judge 1 Edwards A statement of dunn has been cited, in which it is stated that on the Jim March, IS tO, there were the (ne judges whose salaries were fixed the Civil Inst Uta, that on that date the Governor, purporting to exercise his powers under the supreme Courts Act, in limited Ali Billiards, such appointment not being temporal t that no ship) was ascertained or established at the time or since Parliament having refused to vote it, that Mr Pilli wards's appointment as Commissioner of Native hands came to an end on March 31, and, although he claims to act us judge, he has no legal warrant Upon these grounds, the Utornet General asks. that the commission issued to Mr I'd» unis be cancelled, inherited, and disallowed The case will, of course, be a elliot ed to the Appeal Court The two Imperial inn at officers who were appointed to inquire into the fatal gun cotton explosion at AW Wellington report that thciieiulent was due to the over-heating of a loaded spinner tin in the process of soldering. They consider the application of solder to cases continuing drt cotton attended with great danger and insist that high in any form should not be applied whether wet order). They condemn the system of storing his charges fitted with detonators, and the taking of primer tins continuing charges of dry gun cotton into a smith's shop unprotected by cover when a forge was alight These and other acts of remissness they consider point to the necessity of a responsible head The Government cons "t> that the report exonerates Cuprum Prisoner, who was in charge, from burns 'The Gisborne Harbour Board member, have discovered that a eir late secretary, Mr. Bourke, who until recently drowned or committed suicide, has been guilty of gross irregularities and for.., the funds are deficient to the extent of about _l,b'12. Bourke was also town clerk, and deficiencies of £118 have been discovered in his accounts As the audit office passed Bourke s accounts when a very slight examination would have shown that they were incorrect, the Harbour Board will attempt to hold the Government; responsible The extreme step of forfeiting a publican's license has been taken in Christchurch, where John Ingram, of the I'rot uncivil Hotel, was fined £20, disqualified from holding a license in future-, and his present one nor tested for permitting his house to be the resort of prostitutes The census returns show that Dunedin and Christchurch cities have lost since the census of IRMi, tv hile Wellington lins men used The suburbs of both v. Christchurch and Dunedin show an increase in population more than equal to the loss of the city, but after making allowance for the increase by births over deaths it is appnieiitthatboth cities have lost li) the exodustoAustrnliii which has now been going on for about four tears. The population of in Wellington, it Inch pmcticaUt has no suburbs, is in ii 5 The population of Christ- church cm is 1 ghost, and of Christchurch and suburbs 11,37 'I he population of Dunedin is 2_,.I7'I and or I Dunedin and suburbs 15,820 'The returns for Auckland me not yet result v boy named George Deverall years of age, son of Mr Dei call, of the Sunyet department, met it with a mishap at Auckland, which is likely to prove fatal He was sitting in the school grounds with a loaded toy cannon. He attempted to use it but it did not go off, and at that moment the school bell rang. The bo) pu Led up the box and placed it under his coat when the charge, which had hung fire exploded, and mill had a terrible wound in the huts abdomen, causing the intestines to protrude Bishop Julius, of Christchurch, preached a sermon last Sunday to trades unionists He declared that the tendency of the present age was to abandon individualism in favour of socialism He declared himself a socialist because he was a Christian and socialism is taught in the New Testament Timbs unions had done good in the past despite their fault) methods but he did not think tunics unions would (see the cuts of the present at stem Multas at the doctor the present at stun, and no a) stein of socialism, lumen r complete, would bring happiness without righteousness Reform must be brought about slowly, and he therefore did not approve of suddenly nationalising the land or of confiscating other peoples property), as was proposed by those who advocated the prohibition of the liquor traffic. He deplored the fact that the working classes did not pay) sufficient attention to the education of their children to fit them for the changed condition stead in approaching 