iV'-SirS OF THE DAY. His Excellency tho Governor entertained a lnrgo number of guests yestorday- afternuon at a garden party at Government House between the hours of 3 anil 5. The gathering was . a repre- sentative one, ' including members of . both Houses of ParliRTnont, professional men, leading citizens and a large number of Indies. Visitors from tlie neighboring colonies wore also con spicuous on the lawn, nniong them boing Sir Henry Parkes. The Governor dispensed witli nny formal reception of liis numerous guests, preferring to mingle with them nnd greet thoso with whom ho was personally acquainted. On previous oecnsious of a similar obni-notor it 1ms been the custom to throw open the reception and hull rooms to the company, but this time it wns n garden party, pure and simple, being strictly an outdoor gathering. A military band was stationed on tlie lawn where the company strolled about at, will, chatting with their friends, or resting x>n the seats provided for their accommodation., a huge marquee, erected at one side of tlilnWn" refreshments were served liberally all 'she after noon. The weather, though bright and fine wns suggestive of winter, and favote(l tho dis play of smart tweed gowns and all manner of wintor attire. An important interview took place yesterday between Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Playford and Sir. Monro, at whioh consideration was given to tho different methods of referring the proposed constitution of tho Commonwealth of Australia to tlie electors of each colony. The subject was discussed nt length, and Sir Henry . Parkes. hold thnt'.lhfi Federal X'ohstltiitibii', Kill should be -referred direct to the people either for approval or rejection, urging that tlie issue ought to be placed before the eleotors free from any side issues or party considerations. Mr. Munro favored the plan of tho bill being referred to a convocation of both Houses, and afterwards further threshed out in a national convention, Mr. Playford expressed himself as not averse to the proposed federal constitution boing revised for further conventions, but insisted upon the bill including the principle of " one man one vote." In South Australia, where plural voting has been abolished, nn at tempt is made to press the point. t.hnt'tl,» olass commanding plural votes in "tho other colonies will be disproportionately represented in the Federal Parliament unless the "ono man one vote " principle is made unifoz-m throughout the Commonwealth. No definite agreement was oome to on these points, bxht it was arranged that they should bo laid before tlie Cabinets of New South Wales, Vietor.-ja and South Aus tralia, and the decision, arrived at made the subjcot of further consuKtation. Mr. Munro is hopeful that the friciWUy correspondence likely to follow this interview will clear tho ground and lead to a definite and unanimous under standing by all t'no colonies in regard to tho referendum. Sir Henry Parkes, the Premier of New South Wales, and the president of the Federal Con vention recently. Ueld in Sydney, was the miest nt a luncheon given by the Ministry yesKeriby at Menzios' Hotel. Mr. Playford, the Premier of South Australia, was also present, as well as the 1 resident of tho Legislative Council, tho Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and many members of both branches of too Legislature. The toasts were reduced to t'arec, Tlie Quoen, Tho Gover nor nnd The G-m-sts. Tho last mentioned wns submitted in complimentary terms by the Pro- inior, and afforded Sir Henry Parkes an oppor tunity of speaking on federation for throe- quarters of an hour. Ho denied that the "Australian Unionists, "as he denominated those favorable to federation, were giving away any thing, ns was claimed by tho opponents of tho principle, and maintained that tho question where tlie federal capital should be was toe small a matter to seriously occupy tlie aUion- tion of any intelligent colonist. oon. abjured that tlie Commonwealth jpn Wft3 na perfeot a measure as cquid bo framed, inasmuch as it allowed for tho growth and - aspirations of futuro generations of Australians, and wns in point of fact more liberal than the Constitution Acts of nny of the colonies. Federation must come, lie urged, and the sounor it camo the bettor was the subject matter of no inconsidorablo portion of his speech, whioh was - mainly devoted tq point ing out tha advantages that all the: colonies would, derive from being in a position to present a united front to. the world. Mr. Playford, who also responded to tho tonst, practically confined himself to tlio "ono man ono vote" question, which is enjoyed in tho colony be represents, and indionted that if tlmt principle wore not niloptcd in Victoria and New .South Wnlos tlio wheat producing colony would bold out. Witli tlio constitutions of tho threo colonies ho far nssimilntcd, ho sniil ho conlil Iiroiniso tlmt South Australia would join in the Federation ns soon ns it enmo. Ho rc-eoliocid a sentiment uttered by Mr. Munro, that It wqnld not be long before thoy wotild'liavo the.oppor- tunity of congratulating Sir Honry Parkes upon being ohoscn tho first Premier of United Aus tralia. Mr. W. Collard Smith, M.L.A., on belyalf of tho mayor of Ballarat city and the Parliamen tary representatives of Ballarat East and Bal- ' larat West, yestorilay. invited Sir Honry Parkes, Mr. Playford, Mr. Munro nnd Ms col leagues in the Ministry, and tho other ' Victorian delegates to the National Conyentio q, 'to visit Ballarat to-day. Mr. Playford will /be obliged to rcmnin in Melbourne to tranbnot '.some important public business, but in tini othor eases the invitations have been' aobeptedv The visitors will leave for Ballarat by speoinl train at . 7.15 a-m. anil reach their destination n. few minutes after 10 o'olock. "After being cjnt'jrtained by the mayor of the/city of Ballarat they will be driven to the principal places (if interest, -and commenco tlio return journey ut b p.m., reach ing Melbourne nt 4.21 p. m. - i- Mr. G. Turner, whoso acceptance of a seat in the-Cabinet and tlie portfolio -bf Commissioner of Customs necessitated his seeking re-oleotion at the hands of his constituents in St. Kfl<li», lias been returned unoppos/ndL At nnon tn-,1 the returning officer will cl'Cilnro the poll in lie St. Kilda town hiill. r Tho resignation of Mr- J. Barker, as Clerk of Parliament, was yesterday forwarded to the Government by Sir Jaraos MnoBain, Preside nt of the .-Legislative. Council, and it will bo iao- coptod with regret. Mr. Barker had held Ihis hnportnnt position forever 40 years, having it rat raftered upon his duties .in tlio days of tho < .Id Legislative Council under Governor Latrol ie. Mr; Barker was entitled to Retire on a pewsi on somo yonrs nun xno appointment ' of 'Jiia successor will bo made by tbo Government' on receipt of a' nomination from Sir Jnmgs M-ao- Bain. That gontloman has taken steps to ascertain tho general foolihg of tho I, eg is- latlvo Colincil before recommending, and it 1h praoticaily settled that Mr. G. H. Jenkilis, C.M.G., the Clerk to tho Legislative Assembly -shall be offered the appojutincut.. , lb .is itndur- stood that Mr. J onkiii s js iuoli nod ,to nedtptriho offic'o, as it will -relieve biiqTo a great extent of lute sittings, which bavb mado his worlt in tlha Assembly very arduous. As an officer he coi n- mands the esteem and confidence of both Houses. In view of the renewal of tho itnflueu.za epidemic in America and England tho iBoard of Health is endeavoring to minimise tho .Evils 'that will ensue in case of the disease apj ieai i Dg in this colony. The board has decided t » r». -issue a circular which was published ivhiji, the epidemic wns raging last year, givi ng instruo- tion« for the treatment of tlie inn JaJ.y. Tbo circular, which wns sent last winter- to doctors State school tcaoliers, public officii- ,3 and muni cipal bodies, contains a fow simple direotiol is and suggestions as to the best mode, of preventing the spread .of the epidemic. , During the deliberations of tho Intercolonial Trades and Labor Congress at Ballarat an exhaustive discussion took place on the subject of sweating. One of the delegateo, Mr. I> ranklin, suggested that every/ firm giving out work should bo compelled to -supply tlio Govern- ment inspector with a periodical return of the amount of work givon out and the price given for it; that no work , should "be given out oxeopt such as could bo completed by tihe worker under tho eifcht honrs - system, a, id that only one pw.son's work ..-sluAild "be given to one petfjon at a time, . except by special permit oE the Government inimectar. Mrs. Mmr, tlie delegate from tlie aiitorossa s" Union, ngade tlio serious statement that the fno- tory ii/spectors were bribed by beer and suits >of clotlves, whilst Mr. Hancook, M.L. A.-, modi a further serious allegation tlmt the occupiers of factories received information when the visits' of the inspectors wore to lie mnde. ao.fcHtit till! pro- r ,;rou ' ut under the notice of the noting majriob'tor- of fac tories, who has forwarded tile subjoiiind memo- randum to tlio Under-Secretary -"Mdborime 27th April, 1891. Sir,—! heg to bring 'under your notice the report bf a ifwrtiim-of the proobedings at the IntorooloRial Trash, is and Labor Congress nt-Bhllarat a'., Friday; last a Mrs. Muir stated that tin w.icoters art. -bribed by beer and suits of oUbea.' This Is, IWm coq- vinced, absolutely and er.tirely ur, trui.,. 'rim Factories.'. ahd Shops' Ant gives tho department no power whatever over matters td wj.ioh Mr Franklin appears to have referred in his remarks. Mr. I.'iiip.cock, M,L- A., is reported to have said tlmt. tlie inspectors of factories eVe the occupiers, notice of the date of their vis its/ This ib oorjtre.ry to the instructions insnf.d.to them, arjff $10 inspectors ail deny that, they over fo',1ov.-ed such n course. I should f ,e if this matter were brought undor the / J0tioe of tlte Cli/.ef Secretary and these mislead jn(, state- fnento contradicted." The Geelong water supply 1ms be en a fruitfnt source of agitation locally for yie.y s pnat. Some months ago nn application was. te'.ndeby the town council to the Water Supply; department for power to form a water trust, »for tho purpo9eof carrying out a new scheme. The department instructed Mr G. J. Burhe, M.I.C.E., and Mr. i regoi, . ., to L-r.nii/j.jg u1(. schome and report upon it, as well -as Inooted fjom time to time. Their rqrt is now under the consideration of the cl,jr,;f cllgi„cwr, who wIU take an opportunity nlvortly of viniting Geelong and examining the lor,aliiy before, making a final recommendation tijtl/.oMiuisterof Water Supply. It is understood tiff ,t th.e proposal's of. Messrs: Burke and M Gi-e/,or provide, for, aq.: ultimata',, supply from tliu -upper 'Barwon River, hut. they : oppose the ah-Ani'iohmont flor the present at least . of. tho existiii works. The mayor of Geelong, AldennanS'n-fjng.oalleilontboohief onginoeryes- terdny and requested that, the now scheme should bo expedite/ amf Wrh informed that the matt.or would be fjealt with as quickly ns possible,, "but as the no w proposals involved the expenditure of a Uu-y-o sum of money, it wub necessary tlmt they stiould receive careful consideration. 'Tlis, second progress report at the Royal Oom- T/iisston on Gold Mining has, been adopted by the members of tho commission, and will be nm. sewtod to his Excellency the Governor in the Cfsurse of a day or two. It is undorstood that the I'remier's recommendation, that the sittings of existing commissions loo brought as soon as practicable to a close, 1ms bad somo.weight with tbo mernbors of this body, for it is now announced that there is every probability of the final report qf the Gold Mining Commission being presented within a month. Tlie contents will refer to tho best methods of treatment of fino gold, and refraotory ores. Tlie 'City and District Courts having now.beem removed to tho old Supreme Court buildings, at- the Corner of Russoll and Lntrobo streets, the, City Counoil, as the purchasers of tlie old Police; Court, havo now tnkeu possession of thebuiWings,. It is not yet definitely known what purposes t!,e ' city authorities intend to pat the site to, . bub a ' proposal has been under consideration for tie pulling down of tlio present , atruotiure and the, creation of a handsotrjo builil- . ing on the site uniformly with the Toy/n Hall, and containing a largo nimffxu- of offices for the council's officers. For a long time tlio present offices in whioh the servants of tho cor poration are located have been, founa to bo inuoii. too small, and every year ad.ds to tbo ineonve- monce arising from the ir, sufficiency ot accom modation. The provision of extvn office accom modation is only n Cj, rest ion of time, nnd it isi expected tlmt the -jmblio wo/,-ks committee will shortly make a report on, the subject to tkj , council. 3 Varyii.g estimates have been formed as to tl Iia number 0f persons present nt tho Eight Ho- ,r, demonstration on the 21st April at the Ext j|,j. tion. An examination of tho number reeo rjcj by tho turnstiles was made yesterday, » n,i it was found that no less than 47,574 pevsV.u 3 were registered as having paid for aciinisuilm, >3o thilt allowing for tlie number of free pass os there mus have been about 50,000 person,, present, the largest number in the F.xhihition . V building .since tlie Exhibition of 1880. K A discovery of tbo metnl knor fram was reported from Bairnsd-aie first week but inquiries made bv thn tits . ' have fail mi /. . department Place si! tL H 0,o W>U,t0 t'no A'''1" place. Since Secretary ' /orpines has- had the record, of hi, dep.rtm.nj .erfrched A view of ascertaining whether tbo metal boil ' ever boon disoovered bofore in Viotoria. . They bow that wolfram wan found at Skipton several years ngo, and Sir. Bowitt lias ssked( for farther information as to the oiranmstatios in which it was discovered, tho mode of ocourrcrico and whether it ia in the form of a lode.' A slight change has been mado m tho timo table of the Melbourne to Brottdmcndows trains at tho roquost of tho residents of somo of tho oiuitern suburbs. Should business call thoin to Kssondon or Broadmoadows in tho ovoning tho last train from tho last named station at night reaohes tho city, too late to allow passongors to oatoh tbo last train to Hawthorn or Comber well, and a request was mado to tho Railway Commissioners that an alteration should bo mado in this rcspeot.' It linft ncoordingly boon decided that on and after Monday next a train shall leave Spencer-street for Broadmcadows at 10 p-m. instead of at 10.10, and thnt the return train sliall'leave at 10.52 'instead of at 10.59 p.m. This train will arfivo at Sponcer-streotat 11.28, thus giving ample timo for passengers to catch the 11.45 p.m. train to Hawthorn. An appeal from tbo Chief JuBtioo was dealt wjtb by tbo Fall Court yesterday. Denis Murphy was working in the railway yard at Portland on the 12th May, '1887, whon a steel rail that lie and others were catting through strapped suddenly and he fell, breaking his leg. He brought an action againHt the Railway Commis sioners, alleging , thnt Mr injuries had resulted from the use of defective tools. The cote was heard before the Chief Justice " and a jury in February, . 1889, and n . vordiot was returned for tbo defendants. Tho jury found there wns no negligence, the occurrence having been purely ficcidontal. luurphy yvsieiuay uppiiuj in person for n new trial, his chief ground being that tho verdict was against evidence. In the course of an affidavit plaintiff stated he had been advised by counsel that lie hnd " not tho ghost of a show, 'I nnd that " he ought to sua tho Chief Justice for libel for giving liim permission to bring bis icase into oourt." Their Honors refused to dis turb tho finding of the jury. There was evi- lAcnoo both ways, and tho conclusion at which tint jury arrived was amply justified. The motion was dismissed. Mr. Box appeared for the defendants. . The action of Foran v.' the Quoon is oliout to he brooght before the Privy Council. Martin Henry Foran puod the Crown on account of his .services as a State school teacher having boon wrongfully dispensed with. His chief law point Was that only .two of tho three Pubiio pom. miissiopers hod adjuilioated in bis que, The aotiotv. was. Iriod by' Mr. Justioo Holroyd, who found' that plaintiff had lost his right to recover owing to Parliament having passed retrospective legislation,-, by which the acts of any two commis sioners were deolared to possess tho foroo of law. An'appeul to >he Full Court was dismissed, and Foran wus refubVid leave to nppeal to tho Privy Council without giving' substantial security. He thun communicrttod with the Governor, nnd has received an intimation from his Excellency's private secretary that his petition has been for warded to tho Secretary of Stato for tho 'Colonies. In due courso tho petition will be laid before tho Privy Council. Mr. J iistioo Hodges sat in the Practice Court Court yesterday morning to hear applications from persons who desirod to be present or represented at the passing of Mr. J. M. Temple- ton's accounts as liquidator of the Premier Per- .munent Building Society before tho Chief 'Clerk. Tbo only applicant was Mr. Nathaniel Levi, and directions were given thnt notice of the appointment should be served upon him. The Pilley trial was resumed before Mr. Jus tice Molesworth and a jury of 12 yesterday, Mr. J. T. T. Smith prosecuted for the Crown, and Dr. M'Inerney defended. 'William Pilley is presented for ' consp'u ing with Minnie Nsill land B. K. Patey to commit perjury nnd tiring a false accusation of subornation of perjury against J. A. Wilson of tlie Palace Hotol. Mr. Smith stated yesterday morning that he could wot enter a nolle prosequi in regard to the girl Neill, and' had decided, after consultation, to go 'dn without her evidence. Subse quently when Patey was put in the box as a Crown witness, his Honor refused to allow liim to be sworn unless his name were' struok out of the presentment. Tho 'Otown prosecutor would not adopt this course, also. The Crown enso having closed, it was announced that no witnesses would be called for thtf defence. Tho trial will he concluded to day. The trial of William Henninglinm for forgery and uttering was concluded in the Criminal Court yostercligy, before Air. J ustiee a'Beokett and n jury'of 12. Air. Finlayson prosecuted for the' Grown, and Afi'. Purves, Q.C., with Air. Coliltmm, defeudeil. Tho case for the Crown was that accused, by means of n forged convey ance, sought to transfer hack to hiinsolf,- in August, 1889, some land at Footscray that lie had sold in 1860 to Alexander Ross. The evi- denco allowed that the forgery had iu all pro bability been committed in New South Wales; and the judge therefore told the jury thoy need pay little atteutiou to this branch of the case, for if the facts were as represented the prisoner could only be dealt with in tbo courts of the sister colony. The jury deliberated for three- quarters of an hour, and found the prisoner guilty of uttering. He wns reinaudcd for sentence. A libel aetion for £250 dninages against the -proprietors of tho Bull Ant newspaper was tried in tlie County Court yesterday before Judge Gaunt. The plaintiff wns Cornelius Crowe, a constable stationed at Fitzroy, nud the de fendants were J. H. Smith, E. Gv Dynson and T. Durkin. Tho constnblo arrested a cabman named Alfred Gauge for drunken ness. The latter fell down nnd sustainod some hurt bofore his arrest, nnd after pending the night iu tho watch house was> found to be very ill. On being removed to the i.hospital .he .died from his injuries. The defendtjnts published.' a cartoon on the 29th January, together with some. comments on thei case, dwelling upon ths lack of ordinary intelli gence in the nWerage constable, aiiil stating that Gango was only" wretches who haiT been arrested in a dying con dition aud left to exPirc in tlieir cellH, or, until tlie official inindhndawnMowed totheirdangerous con dition, and they had beelu token off to the hospital- Plaintiff considered lie w'us hold up to contempt and ridicule for his want oS Intellect, bis incom petency and his inhuman eoikluOt. Tho defence wob "thnt there was no libel. The cartoon and letterpress hnd no roforonci? to plaintiff individually, but were meant to have l! general application. His Honor said that so far aa ho could judge plaiutiff acted with kindness and iu tlie most proper manner in Gnngo's ease. Ho held that Crowe had been libelled, and awarded £100 damages against Dynson nnd Durkin, with costs. Smith," tho judge added, did not appear to have had any connection with the libel. Air. Leon appeared for the plaintiff, ancl Air. Duffy ,tof tho defendants. A sheriff's sale to realise money out of the estate of Air. J. E. G&ifrluy; to satisfy a judg- ment orcditor wns held ysterday, at the Four Courts Hotel, William-street. There was not a large attendance and most of thoso'pr59<"ij were persons who were more or less interested in tho adjoining property. The first lot offered Was lO uteres in tlio parish of PrahriUi, and 10 nores 18 iperchcs adjoining, together with other con tiguous parcels,, having frontages to AYaverley nttd Darling roads, Malvern. Theso were all nuVtgvtged to the Premier Permanent Building SooJety td the extent of £3700 anil interest. Air. T" Fisher, pf Coburg, was tho "purchaser, at £140. The second lot was tlie land at Htamner Park, sc.' frequently motioned as owned by Air. Gourlay bl the recent PriN»i.cr Remanent prose cutions ; bxtfi this was so heitWJ/ mortgaged that no one would bid ior it. Sixty-six x fet>t of laud at Nortlicote, 38 feet fit Riobmond, feet in tlie parish of Truganini, 108 feet at Nofthcote, ami 33 feet in "tho parish of Cut Paw l'uw .were sold to Air. A. G. Davidson, of the National Bank, for the sum of £5, the property being already mortgaged to tho bank to the extent of £4000. For another bid of £5 Air. G. H. Alimtz, of Queen-street, secured 33 feet of land at Richmond, subject to mortgage. Other pro perty at Caulficld was offered, but would not sell at any price. At Messrs. G. J. nnd T. Hum's rooms yesterday, some city properties wore offered, namely, the new buildings at the corner of Elizabeth aud Lonsdnla streets, and premises in King-street, known as Alnrine-build- ings. There was a fair attendance nt tlie sale, ibut not a solitary bid was made for either of the dots. At the third half yearly meeting of share- b offiers in the Melbourne Cyolo.-ama Company ILl biitod, hold yesterday, Air. H. Byron Moore iu t."ke ohair, ft seventh dividend at the rate of 30 per cent, per annum was deolared for tho T quarter ending 31st Alarcb. Tho treasurers of the Queen's College request us to notify that they, have received a donation of £500 from Sir Matthew H. Davies, and of a similar amount from Lady Davies. Tho bail at the Town Hall last night In aid of tho fund being rniaed for enlarging tho buildings at the Collingwood ' Oriicho was a great success. About 800 tickets wore sold, and there was a large company. His Excellency tho Governor was prcsept, attended by Captain and the Hon. Mrs. Aolnnd-Hood, Sir William and Lady Clarko, Sir F. and Lady Snrgood, Sir Bonjamin Benjamin, tho Hon. Rupert and Airs. Carring- ton, Air. J. G. nnd Mrs. Duffy, Colonol and Airs. Psnno, Captain Mnmi, tho Mayor and Airs. Lang, Ac. ' Tho hail room was decorated ia splendid style by Alessrs. Robertson arid Aloffat and Johnson of ' Riohmond, wlilist Schwartz's band supplied the musio, the 20 performers giving their sorviees free. It is now intended to make tho ball an annual affair. Owing to the Town Hall being otherwise engaged yesterday evening, the usual concert of tlie Victorian Orchestra took place in the Athenreum Hall, which, though well filled, proved; sufficiently largo to. accommodate the audience yithout ineonvenienoe. With one exception, the works performed on this occasion were so' -familiar as to cqli for little comment ; Raff's suite in C, however, has. not yet. been given hero. First impressions are proverbially not to ba trusted, and therefore it 'will in this instance he wisor to abstain from any but tlie most gcnernl remarks. Tho suite is divided into five movements — 1, introduc tion and . fugue ; 2, minuet ; 3, adngietto ; 4, scherzo ; 5, march. Of those, the introduction V»vy Mef, nnd the f"gue to e'h'?h it !» requires to be heard more than once to be esti mated at its true value ; tho rcniloring of it last night was at times a little confused, a fact whioh does not make the task of passing judg- men t any easier. The minuet is decidedly pleasing, and the opening tkomq of the ndagietto, given out by the oboe witli pizzicato accompaniment, is also of much charm. Tliosoherzoisporhapatho most " obvious " movement of any ; it is almost a tarantelle in form nnd rhythm, and .pleased greatly. The concluding march is very unequal, some of tho melodies verging perilously near the commonplace, while in parts of it the hearer is left in doubt as to the tonality for many bars at a timo ; tlie opening subject is striking, 'but much which follows is rather uninteresting. For a novelty, the performance of tlio suite wns'fnirly satisfactory. Tho symphony, Reetlioven's No. 4 in B flat, cnnnQt he' considered to have been as well performed as Nos. " 2 and 3,'. r given on the .. previous: 'Thursdays'; there were ' one" 'or two ' noticeable ' slip's, and the adagio would have gained in offect by the adoption of a slightly slower tempo : the finale, however, fully compensated for other shortcomings, being given with great spirit und brightness. Tho first set of Hungarian Dances (Brahms) camo in, as usual, for much applause, nnd AInssenet's charmingly melodious Dernier Sommoil do la Vierge was equally woli received. The remaining numbers were the Wood Nymphs ovorture of Stcnidalo Beuuett und the Priests' Alarcli from Mendelssohn's Athalie. The next concert will tnko place on Saturday evening. At the Bijou Theatre to-night tlio Brougli and Boiicicnult Company will appear for tlie last time in Tlio Sohoolmistress, and to-morrow night for tlie first time in Alelbourne, Herman Alerivale's splendid comedy, The Butler, will be presented. Air. Anson will appenr as Trot, tho Butler. At tlio Theatre Royal this evening the Sunny South will be played for the last time. To morrow evening tlie Darrells will appear in the New Rush, a colonial drama of local interest, and founded on absolute foots which took place in Alelbourne some few yenrs ago. Tlio Shakspcarian night nt the Alexandra Theatre will, this evening, be under the patron-' age of tlie Alayor of Alolbonrno and Sir Matthew Davies, who will be present at the performance qf As You Like It.. Aliss Lily Dumpier will again piny the part of Rosalind, and tho other charac ters will be filled by the members of the com pany as at the previous representations of tlie oomcdy. A matinee performance of Bellini's opera, La Soimambulu, will bo given in tlie Bijou Theatre on tlie afternoon of Saturday, the 9th instant, "l! PPila o£ Ml" Parkinson, of Erlghtou. patronage to the performance, the proceeds of which will bo devoted to the Children's Hos pital, Carlton. The Rev. Charles Clark, after making a tour through New Zealand and Tasmania, and also delivering a very sucoessful -series of - 35 lectures in. Sydney, will make his' reappearance' -in Molbourne for a short farewell season, com mencing on Saturday next, the 9th inst., iii the Athenieiim -Hull. . In the course of this series the Rev. Mr. Clark will deliver the inost popular of his leoturos. On tlio opening night lie will give hiB recital of Dickeus's delightful Christmas Carol. Another lecturer is about to try his fortune in Australia. Mr. H. Bellyse Baildon, author of several volumes of prose nnd verse, and Univer sity extension lcoturer in the University of Edinburgh, in announced to lecture for tho first time in Australia on Friday, 8th Alay, in tlie Athenaeum Hall hero, His lecture is termed An Evening at the Passion Play, and will consist of desoriptions of Ober-Ammergau, its people and the Passion Play, illustrated by numerous lime- light views obtained expressly for this lec- ture, At o have received tlie May number of tho Aus tralian Journal, published by Mussina and Co. I,i>-"e Collins-street. We have received a copy of the Australasian A.D.C. Ilailuay and llouri Oniric for May. It has been carefully corrected, and the West Australian portion locally revised. Mr- Frank Cotton, a Sydney delegate to tlio Labor Congress, will, under the auspices of the Single Tux I.engue, givo an address entitled The Civilisation That Alight Bo. to-night, at 8 o'clock, at tbe Trades Hall, Lygon-Street entrance. The public are. invi ted. We have received from Messrs. Stilhvell and Co; Dmrislmo'c Guide for, Alay. . It contains the.railway timo tables nnd post office information tin to date, also list of electoral registrars, the members of- tho Metropolitan Board of Works and tire brigades board. . Are Strikes Justifiable? is tlio subject of debate at the Parkville hall to-nlglit, by the Parfcville" Debating Society. Mr. Izingmoro will affirm, ami Air. Harrison will negative. As the subject at the S resent time is one of great importance there should e a large attendance. Chair taken at 8 o'clock. 