ICE BOUND. 0 BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTERL VII--Continued. parol my mind for what I could not see till the brink was reached; then, looking down, n I beheld a schooner rigged vessel lying inl a 1 sort of crtdle of ice, stern on t tthe sea., A mnaru·.lked out with frozen snow, so as to make his shapel asgreat as a bear, lIaned upon t the rail with a slight upward inclination of t his head, as though he were in the actof look ing fully up to hail me. His posture was t even more life liksethan that of the man un- t der the rock; but his garment of snow robbed s him of that reality of vitality which had I startled me in tho other, and the incstant I saw him I knew Iim to be dead. Ile was tihe only figure visible. The whole body of the vessel u was frosted by the snow into the glassy as pectof the spars and rigging, and the sun .shine striking down made a beautiful pris- t matic picture of the silent ship. t She was a very old craft. The snow had molded itself lpon her, and enlarged with out spoiling her form. I found her age in the structure of her bows, the head boards of which curved very low round to the top of the stem, forming a kind of well there, the after part of which was framed by the t forecastle bulkhead, after the fashion of ship builcing in vogue in the rein~n of Anne and the first two Georges. Her tolpmasts , were standing, but her jibboom was rigged t in. I coulc find no other evidence of her I people having snugged her for these winter ' r quarters, in which she had been manifestly lying for years and years. It was very evident that the schooner had -in years gone by got embayed in this ice :lwhen it was far to the southward, and had in course of time been built up in it by float- t ing masses. For how old the ice about the I poles may be, who can: tell? In those sunless worlds the frozen continents may well pos sess the antiquity of thd' Ind. And who shall name the monarch who filled the throne 1 of Britain when this vast field br-okeaway w -from the main and started- on- its stealthy navigation sunward! CHAPTER IX. .,- I +LOSE MY BOAT. I lingered, I dare say, above twenty min utes contemplating this singular crystal fos sil of a ship, and considering whether I should go down to her mand ransackher for whatever might answer my turn. But she looked, so darkly secret under her white garb, and there was'something so terrible in the aspect of the motionless, snow clad sentinel who leaned upon the rail, that my heart failed ame, and concluding to have nothing to do with the ] ghostly sparkling fabric, I fell again to my ,. 'downwardmarch and looked toward my boat; I that is to say, I looked toward the part of t the ice where the little haven in which she. lay had been, and I found both- b?at and haven gone! . I rubbed my eyes and stared again. Tusb, -4 thought I, I am deceived by the ice. I glanced at the slope behind to keep me to my bearings, and once more sought the haven; I but the rock that had formed it was gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the line of shore there, and mny eye following the swincg 1 of a fold I saw the boat about three cables' length distant out upon the water, swimming steadily caway into the south, and showing and disappearing with the heave. I uttered a cry of anguish; I clasped my hands and lifted them to God, and looked up to him. I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into the water-but, mad as I was, I was not so mad as that; and mad I should have been to attempt it, for I could not swim twenty strokes; and had I been the stoutest swimmer that ever breasted the salt spray, the cold must speedily put an end to my mis ery. The horror that this white and frightful scene of desolation had at the beginning filled me with, was renewed with such violence when I saw that my boat was lost, and I was to be a prisoner on the death haunted waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, like one partly stunned; and had any person come along and seen me be would have thought me as dead as the body on the hill, or the corpse that kept its dismal lookout from the deck of the schooner. My senses presently returning, I got up, and the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it, with my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. By this time the boat was out of sight. I looked and looked, but she was gone. Then ' came my good angel to my help, and put some courage into me. "After all," thought I, "what do I dread? Death!-it can but come to that. It is not long ago that Capt. Rosy cried to me: 'A man can dio but once. He'll not perish the quicker for contemplating his end with a stout heart.' He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. Were he a babe resting upon his mother's breast he could not sleep more soundly, be more ten derly lulled, nor be freer from such anguish as now afflicts me, who clings to life as if this -this," I cried, looking around me, "were a paradise of warmth and beauty. I must be a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever may betide, mand stoutly endure what cannot be evaded." My mind went to the schooner, yet I felt an extraordinary recoil within me when I thought of seeking an asylum in her. I had the figure of her before my fancy, viewed the form of the man on her deck, and the idea of penetrating her dark interior, and seeking shelter in a farie that time and frost and death had wrought into a black mystery, was dreadful to me. It must be done, nevertheless, thought I; I Sshall certainly perishfrom exposure if I linger here; besides, how do I know but that I may discover some means of escaping from that Se'p Assuredly there was plenty of material in her for the btlilding of a boat, if I could meet with tools. Or, possibly, I might find a Sboat under hatches, for it was common for veasels of her class and in her time to stow ,their pinnaces in the hold, and whlen the necessity for using them arose to hoist them out and tow them ustern. These reflections somewhat hemartened me, and I turned my back uponthe clamorous ocean and started to ascend the slope once more. Ihelped m)yself along with the oar, and presently arrived at the brink of the slope, in whoso hollow lay the shil us in a cup. The wind made a noisy howling in her rigging; but th ttackling wars frozen so iron hard that noaropeo stirred, and the vane at the mast bead was as notionless as any of the adjacent steepls or pillars of tc. Mjy hear-t was dis mayed again by the figure of a uanu He was more dreadful than the other because of the size to which the frozen snow upon his head, trunk and limbs had swelled hiu; and the \- half rise of his face was particularly start h ling, as if he were in the very act of running his gazo softly upward. That ho should have g died in that easy leaning posture was strange; o however, I suipposed, and no doubt rightly, Sthat he had been seizat with a sudden faint ness and had leaned upoel the rail and so ex r pI4. The cold would quickly msake him r rigid and likw"ise prIeserve him, ald thus lIe ill might have been leaning, csnteosmplatings the Ice of the clifs, for years mcd yearsl A wild and dreadful thing for one in my condition to light on, and be forced to think ofl My heart, as I have said, sank in me again atthe sight of him, and fear, aud awe, and superstition so worked upon my spirits that I stood irresolute, and would hIave gone back N ha4 there been any ILc to return to. I plpck eup after p little1 a!}td gr'pping the oar, I started on the 4eseoat, " The depth was not great, nor the declivity ch -- ________ sharp; buth the surface was formed of blocks vf ice, like the collections of big stones you lonetimes elncounter on the sides of noun talus near the base; and I had again and I again to fetch a complass so as to gain a t smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vessel, and here the snow had piled and frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or inclination to larboard. I had come down to her on her starboard side. She had small channels with long plates; but her list on mly side hove them somewhat high, beyond Illy reach, and I perceived that to get aboard I ntust seek an entrance on thie larboard hand. This swasilot hard to arrive at; indeed, I hasd but to walk round her under her bows. She was so coated with hard snow I could see nothing of her timbers, anl was therefore unable to guess at the conditisu of the hull. She had slunethiing of the look of the barco-longos of half a cen- t tury ago-that is, half a century ago froms the date of uily adventure: but that which, in sober truth, a naan wohld have taken hier to be was a vessel forl'ale of snowu, sparred and c rigged with glasslike, frosted ice-tCheartiti?tc caprice of the genius or sp'rit of this white and melancholy s~ene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fashioned the figure of man to stand on deck with a human face toughened into asm idle, eternal conteipla lion. - . I climbneil without difficulty into the fore= I chains, the snow being so hard that my feet snd hands madtle lnot the least imlulression on it, and somewhat warily-feeling thie govern ment of a ireculiar awe, moutilng into a sort of terror, indeed-stood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ship. I ran mny eves swiftly here and there, for indeed I did not know what might steal or leap into view. Let it be remembered that I was i sailor, with the superstitious t feelings of my calling inl w, and though I do not knlow that I actually believed in. ghosts 1 nud apparitions and specters, yet I felt as if I did-lparticularly upon the deck of this silent ship, renderel spirit like by the grave of ice in which she lay, and by the long years (as I could not doubt) during which she bad thus rested. Hence, when I slipped off the bulwark on to the deck and viewed the ghastly, white, lonely scene, I felt for tlohe moment as if this strange discovery of mine was not to be exhausted of its wouders'and terrors by the nitue existence of the ship-i In other words, that I must expect somethingotf the supernatural-to enter into this icy sepal cher, and be piripaied for sights more mar relous and terrifyinig tias frozen corpses. Presently, getting the better of my pertur bation, I walked aft; sild: stepping on to the poop deck, fell to ani e.iijination of the com- 1 panion or covering of the after hatch, which, t as I have elsewhere said, was covered with I snow. _ c-- : CHAPTER X. AeOTHER STARTLING fDISCOVERY.-, .. This hatch formed the entrance (to the cabin, and there was no other road to it tlatl Icouldsee. 'If I wantkto use it I must~flrst scrape away the snow; but unhappily I hlad' left my knife hi the boat, and was without any instrumentthat would servo me to scrape . .aith. I thought of brcaking.the beer bottle r Sthat was in my pocket and scratching with n piece of the glass; but before doing this it occurred to, me to search the body on the starboard side. I approached him as if he were alive and murderously fierce, and I own I did not like to touch him: He resembled the figure of n giant mnolded :in snow: In life he must have been six feet and ahalf tall. The'suow had bloated him, and though he leaned hestoodl ius high as I, who was of a tolerable stature. The snow was on his beard and inustacho and on his hair; but these features were merged an I compacted into:the snow on his coat, and as 1 his cap caume low and was covered with snow I too, he, with the little fragnent of counto amnce that remained-the flesh whereof had I the color and toughness of theskin of a drunn t that has been well beaten- submitted as ter I rible an object as mortal sight ever rested on. I say I did not like.to touch him, and one reason was I feared lie would tiumble.: and though I know not why I should have dreaded this, yet the apprehension of it so worj?ed in me that for some time it held me idly staring at him. . But I could not enter tliae 'cabin without first scraping the snow from the companion door; and the cold, after I had stood a few moments inactive, was so bitter as to set me craving for shelter. So I put my hand upon the body, and discovered it, as Imight have foreseen, frozen to the hardness of steel. His coat-if I may call that a coat which resetn bled a robe of snow-fell to within a few inches of the deck. Steadying the body with one hand, I heartily tweaked the coat with the other, hoping thus to rupture the ice upon it-in doing which I slipped and fell on my back, and in falling gave a convulsive kick, which, striking the feet of the figure, dis lodged them from their frozen hold of the deck, and down it fell with a mighty bang alongside of me, and with a loud crackling noise like the rending of a sheet of silk. I was not hurt, and sprang to my feet with the alacrity of fright, and looking at the lioy saw that it had managed by its fall much better than omy hands could have compassed; for the snow shroud was cracked and crum bled, slabs of it had broken away, leaving s the cloth of the coat visible; and what best pleased me was the sight of the end of a hanger, forking out from the skirt of the coat. Yet to come at it so is to draw the blade t from its scabbard required an intolerable ex. ertion of strength, The clothes on his body were indeed like a suit of mail. I never could have believed that frost served cloth so. ?At last I managed to pull the coat clear e of the hilt of the hanger; the blade was stuck, but after I had tugged a bit it slipped outg , and I found it a good piece of steel The corpse was habited in Jack boots, a coat of coarse, thick cloth lined with flannel; under this a kind of blouse or doublet of red cloth, confined by a belt with leathern loops r for pistols. His aplarel gave me no clew to Y the agoe lobelonged to; it waR no better, in deed, than a sort of imasqnucrading attire-as though the fashions of more than one coun try, and perhaps of mlore thlan cne age, had Sgone to the - lbitiug of him. He looked a Sburly., inmmellse creature, s lie lay uplon the Sdeck in the samse Iheit attitude in whlich he Shadl stood at tihe rail; ands so dreadful was his a face, with a singular diabholical explressios of s leering msalice, caused by the lilds of his eyes being half closedl, tlust Ihavlng taken oloe peep I had no nild to rlepet it, tholghl I wis above ten minuites wrestling with hIis cloak and hungerbefore I had the wealo n fair in nisty Faint. S I walked to the ecmpanuios, antd fell to scnraipling the snow away fromi it. "Twas like it secatcling at neortar between bricks. fat I worked lhard, asul presently, with the poilnt of the hanger, felt the crevice 'twixt thedoor s- and the jaisu, after whiel; it was not losghe s fore I lhadcaryesj the door put of its pilate of 10 ice and snaows * I toiled on, and having cleared the door of e the snow that bound it, I pried it apart with the hanger and then draggsl at it; but the Ssnow on the deck would not let it open far, re and as there was ronim for sue to squeeze a; tluough I did not stop to scrale the obstruc tion away. A Iliglht of steps sank into lthe darlkness of \- the interior, ancl a colt, strange sisell floated in up, with something of a dry earthinien of Sflavor and a uminsglig of lea.ther au d timnher. T fell back a pace to let as much of this smell exhale as woeill before I ventured into ln anB mnslphere that had been herelntically bottled by the ice in that cabin since the hour when this little loor was last closed. Supilllertition was ictiv a il le again, and, when I pcered into the blackness at the bottom of the hatch, I felt as might a schoolboy on the threshold of a haunted room in which he is to be locked up as a pnlllishlniet. I put my foot on the Ildder and descelnded very slowly indeed.( On reaching the bottomi I remained stand ing close against the ladder, striving to see into what llnler of pltlce I was arrived. The glare of the whitenes.s of the decks and rusks hung Ilxm my eyes like a kind of blindness charged with fires of several colors, and I could not obtain the faintest glimpse of any part of this interior ontside the sphere of the little squlnre of hazy light which lay upon the deck at the foot of the steps. The dark ness, indlctd, was so deep that I conlcluded tills was no mlore than a lnarrow well, formed of bulkheads, and that the cabin was beyond, ndl lesI to by a door in the bulkhead. To test this conjecture I extended my arms inl groping posture and stepped a pace for ward, feeling to right and left, till, having gone five or six paces from thle ladder, my lingers touched EOmething cold, and feeling it, I passed my hand down what I instantly knew, Iy the projection of the nose and the roughness of hair ona the upper lip, to be a hullanll face. A little reflection might have prepared me for this, but I had not reflected, at least in .his direction, and was therefore not pre pared; and the horrible thrill of that black chill contact went in ani agony through my nerves, and I burst ilto ia violent perspiration. I backed away with all my hair astir, and then shot tip the ladder as if the devil had been behind me; and when I reachedl the deck I trembled so violently that I had to lean agilnst the companion lest my knees should give way.'9 The companuio door was small, and being scarce more than ajar, I was not surprised that only a very faint light entered by it. If the top were remuovul I doubted not I should be able to get a view of the cabin enough to show mnc where the the windows or port holes were. So I went to work with the hanger again, ilselnsibly obtaining a little stock of courlage fi-omi the mere bran dishing of it. In half an hour I had chipped alind cut away thle ice round the companlion, and then found it to be onle of those old fash ioned clumsy hatch covers, formerly used in certain kinds of Dutch ships-namely, a box with a shoulder shaped lid. This lid, though heavy and fitting with a tongue, I managedl to unship, on which the full square of the hatch layopen to the sky. The light gave e m heart. Once omoreI d-. s- ifiddl. "ftei"ri feii inoiieiiits the bewil dering dazzle of the snow fadiled off my sight, and I could see very diistinctly. \--The cabin was .a small room. The forward part lay in shadow, but I could distinguish the outline of the mainmast amidships of the bulkhllad there. In the center of- this cabin was a small square table, supported by iron pins,.that piercedi through stanchions in such a imainer that, ther table could at will be raised to. the ceilitg, 'nd thero left for the convenience of space. ? At this table, seatedl uponshort, quaintly wrought benches, anda immediately facing each other, rere two men., They were.in ;acinq eachl otlher, wecre two mnch. comparably more life like than the frozen figures. Thie one whose back was upon the hatchway ladder, being the man whose face I had stroked, sat upright in the posture of a person about to start up, both hands upon the rim of the table and his countenance raised as if, in a sudden terror and agony of death, he had darted at look to God. So in imitably expressive of life was his attitude that, though I knew him to be a frozen body, as perished as if he had died with Adam or Noah, I was sensible of a breathless wonder in me that the affrighted start with which he seemed to be rising front the table was not continued--that, in short, lie did not spring to his feet with the cry that you seemed to hear in his posture. The other figure lay over the table withhis face buried in his arms. He wore no cover ing to his head, which was bald, yet his hair on either side was plentiful and. lay upon his armns, and his beard hluoling up about his buried face gave himt all uncomlnmon, shaggy appearance. The other had on a round fur cap, with lappets for the ears. His bodywas nmfillel in a thick ash colored coat; his hair was also abundant, curling long and black down his back; his cheeks were smooth, manifestly llrough nature rather than the razor, and the ends of a small black mustache were twisted up to his eyes. These were the only occupants of the cabin, which their presence rendered terribly ghastly and strange. - The interior was extremely plain; the bulk heads of a mahogany color, the decks bare, and nothing inl the foriem of anl ornament say inig a silver crucifix hanging by a nail to the trlunk of the mnainllast, and i cage, with a frozen bird of gorgeous pluhinge, suspended to the bulkhead near the hatch. A small lantern of an old pattern dangled over the table, and I noticed that it contained two or three inches of candle. Abaft the hatchway was a door on the starboard side, which I opened, and found a inarrow, dark passage. I could not pieree it with imy eye beyond a few feet; but perceiving withini this range the out line ofa little door, I concluded that here were the berths in which the minster and his mates slept. There was nothaing to be done in the dark, and I bitterly lamented that I hacl left my tinder box aul flint in the boat; for then I could have lighted the candle in the lantern. "Perhaps," thought I, "one of those figures lmay have a tinder box upon hinl." Custom was nowy sonlewhat hardening me; lmoreover, I was spurred on by a mortal anx iety to discover if there was any kind of food to be met with in the vessel. So I stepped up to the figure whose face I had touched, and felt in his pockets; but neither on hin nor on the other did I find what I wanted, though I was not a little astonished to discover in the pockets of the occupants of so snmall and humble a ship as this schooner a fine gold wiatch, as rich as the ono I lad broughlt away frun the naiq eoil tnh rooks, and more elegant in shape, a gold snuffhbo set with diamonds, several rings of beauty and value lying loose in the breeches pocket of the man whose face was hidden, a handful of Spa'nish pieces in gold, handkerchiefs of fine silkiaiand other articles, as if indeed these fellows had been overhanling a parcel of booty, and then carelessly returned the contents to their pockets. But what I needed wits the means of ob taining a light; so, after casting about, I thought I would search the body on deck, and --ent to it, and to my great satisfaction discovered what I wanted in the first pocket I dipped my hand into, though I had to rip open the mouth of it away from the snow with the hanger. I returned to the cabin and lighted the candle, andcarriedthe lantern into the black passage or corridor. There were four small doors, belonging to as many berths. I opened the first, and entered a compartment that smelled so intolerably stale and fusty that I had to come into the passage again and fetch a few breaths to humor my nose to the odor. As in the cabin, however, so hero I found this noxiousness of air was not caused by putrefaction or any tainting quali ties of a vegetable or animal kind, but by the deadness of the pent up air itself, as the foulness of bilge water is owing to its being imprisoned from air in the bottom of the hold. I held up the lantern and looked about me. A glance or two satisfled me that I was in a room that had been appropriated by the steward and his mates. A number of dark objects, which on inspection I found to be hams, were stowed snlgly away in battens under the ceiling or ul. cr deck; a cask half full of flour stood inn .runer; near it lay a large coarse sack in which was a quantity of bistuit, a piece of which I bit and found it as hard as flint and tisteless, but not in the least degree moldy. There were four shelves running athwartships full of glass, knives and forks, dishes and so forth, some of the glass very choice and elegant, and many of the dishes and plates also very fine, fit for I the greatest nobleman's table. Under the lower shelf, on the deck, lay a sack of what I believed to be black stones until, after turn ing one or two of them about, it came upon me that they were or had been, I should say, potatoes. SNot to tease you with too many particulars under this head, let me briefly say that in this larder, or steward's room, I found among other things several cheeses, a quantity of candles, a great earthenware pot full of peas, several potnds of tobacco, about thirty hlemons, along with two small casks and three or four jars, manifestly of spirits, but of what kind I could not tell. I took a stout sharp kifeo from one of the shelves, and pulling downa one of the hams tried to cut it, but I might as well have striven to slice a piece of marble. I attempted next to cut a cheese, but this was frozen as hard as the ham. The lemons, candles and tobacco had the same astonishing quality of stoniness, and nothing yielded to the touch but the flour.. I laid hold of one of the jars, and thought to pull the stopper out, but it was frozen hard in the hole it fitted, and I was five minutes hammering it loose. When it was out I inserted a steel-used for the sharp enuing of knives-and found the contents solid ice; nor was there the faintest smell to tell me what the spirit or wine was. Never before did plenty offer itself in so mocking a shape. It was the very irony of abunudance-substantial ghostliness and a Barmecide's feast to my aching stomach. -But there was biscuit, not unconquerable by teeth, used to the fare of a sea life, and Spicking up a whole one I sat me down on the edge of a cask and fella-munching. One re flectiolii'howevei-, .comforted mue-namely, that this petrifaction by freezing had kept ith victuals seet. I was sure there was little that might not be thawed into relish able and nourishing food and drink by a good fire. Thesight of these stores took such a weight olt my mind, that nofelon reprieved from death could feel more elated thau I. My forebodings had conme to naught in this regard, and here for the moment my grate ful spirits were content to stop. CHAPTER XI. 1 lIAI~E FUiRTHER DISCOVERIES. So long as I moved about and worked I did not feel the cold, but if I stood or sat a couple of minutes I felt the nip of it in my very marrow. Yet, fierce as the cold was hero, it was impossible it could be compara ble with the rigors of the parts in which this schooner had originally got locked up in the Sice. gYo doubt if I died on deck my body Swould be frozen as stiff as the figure on the rocks; but, though it was -very conceivable that I might perish of cold in the cabin by u sitting still, I was sure the temperature be 3 low had not the severity to stonify me to the Sgranite of the men at the table. (0 Still, though a greater degree of cold 3 cold as killing as if the world had fallen sun less-did unquestionably exist in those lati r tudes, whence this ice with the schooner in r its hug had floated, it was so bitterly bleak 3 in this interior that 'twas scarce imaginable t it could be colder elsewhere; and asI rose from the cask, shuddering to the heart with the frosty, motionless atmosphere, imy mind naturally went to the consideration of a fire s by which I might sit and toast myself. I put a bunch of candles in my pocket r they were as hard as a parcel of marline spikes-and took the lantern into the passage s and inspected the next room. Here was a cot hung up by hooks, and a large black chest , stood in cleats upon the deck; some clothes s dangled from pins in the bulkhead, and ulon r a kind of tray fixed upon short legs and k serving as a shelf were a miscellaneous bundle of boots, laced waistcoats, three corner hats, acouple of swords, three or four e pistols, and other objects not very readily distinguishable by the candle light. There r was a port which I tried to open, but found l it so hard frozen I shoull need a handspiko to start it. There were three cabins besides this-the last cabin, that is, the one in the stern, being the biggest of the lot. Each had its cot, and each also had its own special e muddle and litter of boxes, clothes, firearms, a swords and the like. d Indeed, by this time I cwas beginning to II see how it was. The suspicionl tihat the e satches and jlewclry I had discovered oil tr the bodies of the olen had i exittld was nowv y coanfirmed, and I was satistiled that this I schooner had beeni a pirate or buccancer, of I what nationality I could not yet dtivinie methought Spanish frolm the costune of the f- first figure I lhad encountered; and I w-as also a convinced, by the brief glance I directed at is the things ill the cabin, particularly the wear t ing apparel, and the make and appearance I of the firearmls, tlhant slhe must have been in t; this position for upward of fifty years. n The thought awed mei greatly-twenty years before I was born those two liena were ss sitting dead in thie caihin I He on deck was keeping his blind mid sileit lookout; lie on 3; the rocks, with his hanuds locketd upoi his . knees, sat sunk in blank and frozen contem sf plationl I Every cabhi had its port, and there were d ports in the vessel's side opposite; but Ol. . fr lection I conlsidered that the cabin wou.li be I the warmer for their ireniiit?ilg cl.ose!, anu t so I came awaiy ansd eiseyq th4e great cabin ,f afresh, bent on ?!pl.wiairng the fopward part. S I must tell youn that the auinmaust, pierce i ing the uipper deck, caime downl close against s, the bulkhead that forimed the forwardl wall , of the cabin, imd on approachiug this parLi ('To bis outisue i) 