c.®He Fialiers and « the King. | /, ; ; ''»i r; H;UST (Continued.) (<3fdny!a bold'filidrmiib haa hooked a fish he couldn't land. And it is recorded in the- "old legend' that it-iu/as here that the four fishers failed. When thevi began, to haul ori:the line,- to - play; their fish, he not only smashed their, tackle, hooks, rod and. lino, (but,. pulled, them right undor water. But the , way, in- which that cauic about is narrated in another old legend, entitled "The wishers and the fish." Although there is much obscurity ?sl>ont LW iraditiona of that by-gone age, the connection between thq! two' 1 legends may. !bc traced, if wc bear in mind that a certain period of time must have elapsed, say a year or two,- between the events recorded in the first stpryi and ;thosc" of the second'. In uThc wisher and the fish"— wefind the scene changed, and the actors have also altered slightly. ' Tho King sits in the Treasury, at Hobart, the old. capital, behind him aits . lack' Carey , a ghostly form, carving furrows .on the king's noble brow, and painting streaks of white upon his hair. ' Round him arc piles of crolfl and silver, a' rinir hf hnlnnros Jinnrr By his side, and a bull-dog revolver and a patent evictor for dealing with deputa tions, are also within his reach.. Behind him is tho royal coat-of- arme,. the lien and the unicorn, -and' the ascription "Honi eoit qui mal y pense" in obe of the dead' languages', the exact ; meaning of whi'cll is now forgotten, but which has Eep'rf ' translated - ." Homey f sweet and mellow pears,"' and is snpposed to have had some1 reference to tlie ancient trade in frnit of which Hobart was the centre. The king is writing, but .presently he pauses and littens intently. A knock ! "Comein." Enter Wieketer, Coldly, and foiirtecn othjra. jr TFiey bow. j Wieketer speaks "We form a dep— " "Yes, I know you do," "interrupts tho king," for the four hundred and eighty-flcst time. See' 'hero I iS' -my :imemo of your- visits. What do you want now 7" Chorus- of. deputationists-''Blease'be- civil. Wc- put you lii.. wo- only want loir play,, andl w duo-regard td 'tlii intorests- of. pur- noble town,. and: the most important district in tho colony." "Well, proceed" said the king wcariedly.. "We- want another £20, OOOi to deeped' 'tiio creek," said' Coldly. "And a.. law, compelling every vessel to- load' at Tralobo- wharf' said' Fudge;. ""And! another vote- of £10,000' m aid of. deep sinkingifor coal" said Bemsterg- : "And We think the G'overnmont ought to move tho .bill from- ilie northern to the southern side of our' town, and give everybody compensation!' said another. "And- we all want good- ! Government billets:" "Yes; £900 a- year' andi ftee' passes," " For our wives, and; cliildi-en and sisters And cOnsins and a imtand grtuidiil Others,, and' a'ccbtidi cousins and friends;"' ""Yes and frco drinks;!' Tlie ghost at tho back- of! the' chair' liulghedf The King didn't.. 'He-cotlldn't even'riise' a. smile:. a sarfiastie'cUrt of'his- lip 1 instantly sdb- dhedi-alone ishowed1 that' lie rfas- moved. For lie liad I lcamfcd' pntiente ' dtlting his twO'yearS- expcrienco as- a Parliamentairy representative, oudlliad.coinoto 1 know' what .was-.eXpiMltiwWhiaj.soTie quietly askedj" A'nything more 7" " Yes,'-' said: a, small mapj-who had'hithcrto been ;oon- ccalpd: bohind the burly , forms of: the leading spokesmen, " We- arc niot satisfied With what' you havedbric ffcr Us, got what wc are now askingj- and' tlieni resign,; We wont to' put inia Traloboman' who will do Us- justice.-" But this- Was too much.- ImthVrCcordi; still: extndt, of the inquest Held 'shortly aftorivards;' it appears that the King, hastily reaching for the bull-dog. aud the evictor' at' tlie1 same time; tanglcd'theiwires-ofitkelatter ' instrument, cauSingit loworkemitically . Instead of opening the door imd: hurling the, deputation to the foot of the stairs in; tba usual manner, . it- simply "'chawed' tbenriup/.— to 'USea- slang. word; then; in; vogue;, but- now obsolote.-. The1 King, and the ghost alone remained; horrified spectators of. the blood-curdling: scene. When 'the dust cleared away-, a; broken- spectacle case, part- of- a; diamond (paste) pin, the-rim'of.o list, and a set of- false teeth', alone remained- to tell the tale. Tho verdict of'the jury was " Serve 'era right"; and! the King who had- been: placed under arfest. as-soon as the affiiit became-known, was set at - liberty. But he resigned iliis- portfolio, be felt that lie had failed in his duty as a politician and! a representative of n free and enlightened people, and'returned' home to- his own business,- asadderand a -wiser man':- It> was from that time ' that Tralobo began'- to decay,;. Its- leading- citizens- were gone. - Where 7- " Ask- of the winds that far-' around; etc.? Their ' mantles didn't fall on! any) worthy successors.. The shade of : the immortal Dhulee had: deserted ithb-'oity' when the King became the chosen' of -the electors, and' never re-- turned; Tlie other member accepted' a' lucrative appointment as- Inspector' of Sp.ud.4 for the North West, and also re-- signed-. Who come after them, history, aayeth not, nor 'are tlieir names carved in. thcsnnals of> fame.- So 'the old- story has - a molanclioly ending, and -its- moral is not' so> pleasant as-'tis- true;-. Let- those who would serve' the public- know, 'tlirit They will hayo a hard taskrbasfcr, whoso wishes can never bo satisfied)' and' whoso wages are ingriititudc and grumbl ing ; -andj let djreiy /bol(l jisliermnn .'be sure efe lie ijaifs, liis hook, tliot" tho fish won't (tiru out to' bo a,,, torpedo. "" ' 