v INDIA AND ITS IRRIGATION. BY ALFRED DEAKIN. XXX.— THE PAN JAB AND ITS PEOPLE. A more braoing climate, a wilder aspect of naturo on its -borders, more important foreign relations, and its more recent annexation have combined to lond to tho Fanjab a greater in terest than that attaching to the oldor pro vinces, perhaps excluding tho North-West, with which it is so closely allied. Tho bravery and gpirit of its people, however, has counted for most with the British, who havo proved gallantly appreciative of thoso who were formerly their most daring foes. . But though the manlier naturo of tho people has counted for a good deal in its rapid- develop ment, it must not bo inferred on that account that its population escapes from the categories whioh embrace tho whole peninsula. Thero is, perhaps, a greater variety of race and more pal pably contrasted types than in the rest of Bengal, but certainly no more hotorogeneity than in the south. Kashmortans andPathans nro more frcquontly seen than tho Nepalcse and Bhutias who descend from the Himalayas to the eastern districts at thoir feel, pushing their way in pious pilgrimages as far as Bansrea, or Allahabad, where their long dark hair, large staring eyes, broad muscular frames, and thick heavy clothing muko them conspicuous among the crowds of sleeker skin, lighter physique and shaven cleanliness. Among visitors to tho Fanjab tho Kashmoriahs boar most resemblance to these peoples' of -tho Eastern Hima layas, Pathans from boyond the Hindu Kush being fiorcor, keener, and moto cncrgetio. TheSikhs, thomselvos awarlikorace, dashing in appearance, aro less wolfish than tho wild tribesman of tho frontior, who hates the plaoidity and order of oivilised lifo as muoh asho despises tho feebler peoples of the plain, vowing with the old Pindnroe— I( I were forty years younger, with my life before me to caoose, I wouldn't be lectured by Kafirs, or bulliod by fat Hindus; But I'd go to somo far off country, where ' Musalmans still aro men, Or take to the jungle, liko Cheetoo,and die In the tiger's den. The Brahmans of tlio Paujab are loss than 1,000,000 in number, while tho Rajputs are considerably moro than 500,000; the Sikhs stand first if reckoned as a caste, but they are only a seventh of tho whole body of 7,000,000 Hindus in the province, and these again are outnumbered byi'tho Mnhammadans, who muster over 10,000,000, or more . . than half of the total number of inhabitants. They are tho most baokward of all in education, only 1 in 70 being able to read and writo, as against 1 in 17 amongst the Hindus proper, and 1 in 24 among the Sikhs. There is in tho Pan- jab tho same substratum of prc-Aryan tribes as elsewhere, upon whom havo been imposed successive layers of Aryan, Soytbio, Turkoman and Afghan invaders. Aorosa the religious and ethio divisions came thoso of occupation. The Jats, Scythio in origin, aro most of them HinduB, though somo aro Muhammadans, but all are agriculturists ; a fine stalwart race, wbosewomenworkinthe fields, and who exhibit a tinoturo of dcmocratio independence and individ uality in their behavior. The Rajputs — most of whom descend from an allied stock— aro bravor and more quarrelsome, support their chiefs with rouunl realty, and prefer pastoral pursuits mixed with reiving to ordinary farming. Tho Sikhs make oxcellont. soldiers and good oultivators, thus uniting the qualities of the -other two cIosbcs, their bond of union being religious. The Brahmans, when they go upon tho land, as tho Tagas have dono, are bad farmers , and as a rule prefer quiet or oivio occupation; thoy enjoy .the reputation of being bad neighbors. They havo grades of their own in an ascending hierarchy, but invariably preserve a haughty and insolent attitude to all outside their caste. There nro other main tribes, suoh as tho Rors, whonpproach closely to the Jats, llieGujars, no torious for thieving and lying, with numerous miscellaneous and menial castes whoso peculiari ties it would bo tedious to recapitulate, as all of thorn havo practioos, rituals and deities of thoir own. Caste rules compel them always to intermarry within bounds, but at tho samo time there are elaborate provisions against the union of relations, so that no man can marry a girl from his own or even immediately adjoining villages, or who is related to tho family of his mother or his father's mother. Suoh prohibitions vary muoh among the castes, as do their habits of intercourse. Muhammadanj are becoming indifferent to companionship at meals, though thoy often recognise oasto restrictions, which among tho Hindus prevent eating or drinking be tween those of different castes. Some castes aro of doubtful, others of absolute impurity in tho eyos of others. Thero are, la addition to these divisions by blood, belief and association, some of an heredi tary character bred in ancient strife, whioh still separate . villago from village, so that thoy will not unite for any purpose. Irri gation officers aro ' at times compelled, on this account only, to put them in distinct canal districts. From Bnoh relics of custom as theso one arrives at a clearer conception of what the country was whon rent with intestine feuds, race against raco, creed against creed, class against class, and village against village, and of the difficulties with whioh the .remnants of these strifes and caste restrictions, when added to tho innumerable prejudices still in active opera tion, surround the task of administration- Dcduoting 24,000 squirro miles returned as unculturable, from tho surveyed and nsscssod area of 95,000 squaro miles capable of boing farmed, there is left 45,000,000 acres fit for cultivation, of whioh fivo-sevonths is now under tho plough. Tho total rental paid exceeds £5,000,000, of which about half goes to the State. Thero aro fow large towns, and, as in the rest of India, fow of its 34,000 villages exceed 1000 inhabitants, the average boing 549 in eaoh, or 177 persons to the square mile. Up to tho census of this yoar thero were no returns from Bengal proper, and hcuce, although smaller than Madras and Bombay, and tho same size as tho North-west Province, the Panjab showed tho largest area under assess ment, and the largest cultivable area yet untouched in any of them. But these goneral statements are less impressivo and suggestive than tho detailed desoriptionH of particular dis tricts which; howover differing among them selves, aro much moro faithfully illustrative of tho true condition of tho country. Tho zeal and capaoity whioh nro brought to tho dry duties of administration have occasionally found scopo for thomsolvcs in literary or scientific work, and tho Panjab has been happy in tho acquisition of two oomplote studios of its local conditions, that in tho weBt made by Mr. Purser, and that in tho east by Mr. Ibbotson. The report of the latter, both as being the more recent and as more generally typical of tho conditions of the peninsula as a whole may bo advantageously noted. Tho sub jects involvod in any criticism of India and its peoplo are so great and the issues involved so many that it is only by means of special instances that its problems can bo indicated. and their solution vaguely outlined or im plied. Mr. Ibbotson'8 distriot was situated to tho north of Delhi, oloso to the Jumna, and partially under its western canal ; its chief towns, Kernel, containing 23,000 inhabitants, and Panipat, of bistorio fame, housing 25,000 among its ruins. The tract contained nearly 900 squaro miles, of which 400 wero cultivated, 300 pastured and tho baianoe barren, maintaining ia 1881 about 330 villages and 262,000 people. The whole of it was alluvial stiff loam, in the hollows called dakart sand in old river beds or wind banks named bhuft and a mixturoof the two termed ratisli , all boing deposited by the Jumna as it worked eastward through tho ages. A low lying tract, having a sandy soil and water oloso to the surface, ox- tends from tho prcsont stream to a 10 feet rise, which marka its utmost flood limits ; it is irri gated chiefly by wells, half of it being under tho plough and 80 per cent, of its cultivation irrigated. Above tho bank runs n level slopo with n stiff friablo soil, half of it farmed and three-parts of tho cul tivation watered by means of a canal. Beyond this again is a higher tablo land of grassy plains, intorsccted by belts of trees and jungle, with only a fourth of it undor cultiva tion, and that dependent upon a rainfall, declin ing from 28 inches near the river to 18 inches and less in this part, which is chiefly devoted to pasture. In the low lying land the wells aro but a few foot deep, but in the plateau water is not found except nt 90 fcot or greater depths. Tho intermediate slopo Is rioh in mangoos, and tho river bottoms in dato palms aud luxuriant groves of trees. At Karnal there were the finest orchards in Northern India, and there are still throughout this -traot many valuablo shrubs and natural foods. From tho earliest times the chief ovents of Hindu history have transpired within this distriot, or near it, in tho city of Dolhi, whose varying fortunes it has always shared. It is representative of the Panjab, especially because made the thoroughfare of invasion, tho three great and deoisivo battles of Panipat being fought within its borders,. It sufforod from theso oven more than tlio western terri tory, and recovered less quickly under British rule. Tho early emperors boro heavily upon its rcsouroes, becauso of its nearness to their palaces ; but at least they benefited it by means of canals and ruled it with somo degree of consistency. After tho overthrow of tho Mughal throne it became a no man's land, wasted by Mahrattos and Sikhs alternately, until four-fifths of it relapsed into forest ; the few villages that-remained wero fortified strong holds of predatory bands at war with each other and levying blaokmail upon nil strangers. Tho fields wore given over to beasts of prey, lions being seen in tho vicinity as late as 1827, whilo tigers seized upon fakirs on tho main road. "Wolves, boars, deer, crocodiles and wild fowl still abound in the outlying parts, but when tho territory came undor tho British Sag in 1809 they bodo fair to bo tlio sole proprietors. Pence brought back tho peasants, but un pardonable misrule by early offioials ren dered tho unfortunate district almost as wretohod as in timo of war. English rule has not always been honeficont. Tho taxation was not only excessive, but vcxatiousiy imposed, witir the most reckless ignorance and injustice. Every petty chiof was permitted to levy transit dues, in ndditiontothe regular customs charges ; tho police wero notoriously corrupt, bandits flourished, the irrigation was so mismanaged as to ruin thousands of acres, whilo tho hnploss magistrate in oharge traversod tho distriot carrying all his criminals with him, since gaol ho had none. Tho country once more seemed lapsing into barbarism; tho villagers, though as much . attached to their homesteads as any peoplo in tho world, fled from their anocstral shrines before tho blundering exactions of incapable British officialdom; Tho famine of 1824 first opened tho oyes of the authorities to tho consequences of their tyrannous stupidity. The assessments were revised, and in 1833 again largely reduced. In 1836 old debts wero remitted, and in 1842 a regular settlement wsb effcoted, which, howover incquitabio, was an immense improvement upon tho formor condition of tilings. In 1847, 1852 and 1856 there were fresh efforts to adjust the burden to the baoks of those who were compelled to bear it, and finally it fell to Mr. Ibbetaon in 1876-81 to introduce a soientiflo system under which.it was possible for the unhappy residents at last to realise that a civilised Government not only aims at justice, but obeys as woll as enforces its commands. Of tho people 207,000 are Hindus and 55,000 Muhammadans. Until after tho mutiny tho latter worshipped with thoir neighbors, and still pay a oert∈ homage to their shrines. - Tho Rajputs raise cattle on tho plateau, while the Jnts universally, with smaller bodies of Gujars, Rors, Tagas and Salyids, apply themselves to cultivation in the lower lands. Individual pro prietorship of land was unknown among thorn until the British rfgime wns introduced, and they wero equally iguorant of rent. A number of the villages aro still worked and all are governed on the communal principle ; in somo tho land is divided according to ancestral shares among tho several classes of villagers, whilo in others the titles of individuals are recognised ia a limited degree, relating originally to tho nso rather than the ownership of tho lands. Tho misfortune is that hero as elsewhere, instead of developing existing systoms for the benefit of the oultivator, tho rogo for landlordism has led to tho blind introduction of the principles of English law, with tho most disastrous effect in many cases. Tho whole polity of the daily lifo of tbo Hindus iB based upon other lines ; the villages nro communal in all their habits, and aro.sclf governed entirely in a communal spirit Hos pitality is a duty ; food, tobacco and a rest houso are provided in each of them for travellers and officials ; they have aornmonago and its rents ; repair thoir wells and publio buildings such as thoy are, maintain their local watchmen and undertake many civic duties. These expenses aro made up out of common revenues and common contributions, whioh nro said to be ar ranged with perfect equity. Their agriculture in tho Bamo way depends upon association among themselves, whether forploughing, sowing, irrigating or roaping, and it is their in telligent co-oporation alono that makes it possiblo for them to succeed aB thoy do. Thon again thero aro tradesmen, suoh as carpentors, cobblers, blacksmiths, potters and others, who work for all in the village and supply their needs by the oxercise of their rospectivo ornfts, recoiving in return certain fixed proportions of tho harvest. The taxes in Karnal nnd neighbor hood aro still paid in kind, and sorviocs aro reckoned in kind in cultivation, so that tho profit sharing and social organisation whioh form tho ideal of somo politioal thinkers are to be found just as is land nationalisation, not merely in the gorrn, but in a considerable stato of development among our fellow subjects in India. Awiso conservatism would havo rospccted theso native institutions and customs, and havo sought to encourage thoir natural evolution nnd improvement, but unfortunatoly it was pre ferred to iiampcr and maim them, and to thrust upon the peasants so far as possible tho harBher and moro selfish praoticos of a commercial peoplo infatuated with individualism, and having for their ideal of aetion buying in the oheapest and selling in the dearest markets, without regard to those who bought and Bold, or who wore bought and who were sold in con- sequcnee. The careful redistribution of taxation, realign ment of tho canal and construction of publio works havo now brought the tract to a hotter condition than it ' has ever enjoyed. If there iB nothing liko individual advance or local developments such as ore familiar n Anglo-Saxon oommunltios, it has to bo remembered that tho increaso of population iB always up to the limit of subsistence, that nothing moro than subsistence is aimed at by the mass, and that nothing mora is ipossiblo to individual aspirants, if thore are any suoh. All aro roducod to a level at whioh prnctioally the wliolo time and the wholo strength of each man arc nooded to gain iris hare bread from day to day. Tho Indian pcasnut lives in a mud . hut without owning the land upon which it stands, and sees the building coliapso in timo under tho rains sinco ho can build another upon tho samo spot with material obtained from the villago tank. By this means auks - are inercas cd in size, and villages elevated higher upon thoir mounds every year, and in somo old sites havo aotually risen 100 fcot. Ho owns the utensils of earth and metal nocossary for oooking— the latter of brass if lro is a Hindu, or of copper if he is a Muhammadan, n fow strips of cloth for dress, a fow rupees hoarded up for a wedding, and tho rest of his small capital visible to the world in his wife's" little stook of jowcllcry. Ho does not, as a rule, own the land upon which he labors and tho wooden implements by which ho scratches it represent a very few shillings. Ho owns nothing moro unless it ho an ox or two. His hours of labor are from daylight to dark, with a short rest , at midday in tbo summer heat. His food is grain and pulse soaked ia water or boiled in milk, a - porridge of coarsa rain, a pease pudding or boiled rico. The women of his family cook, spin, olean cotton of itsBced, grind corn, fetoh water, and sometimes work in tho fiold. Children aro employed as soon as thoy aro nblo to tend shoep or cattlo, or scare birds. All work and always work, and for very littlo reward. In Mr. Ibbetson's distriot, though perfeotly willing to perjure themselves for a friend if they believed ho had right on his side, and though always prepared to oheat ond de ceive tho whito if not tho stranger, they aro honest in their dealings among themselves, and, ao farosho knew, moral sIbo. Lifo offers them few pleasures; their simple festivals, their little harvests, ond thcir'oternal gossip sufficing from year to year. A modest people religiously, thoy bolieve themselves too small to attract the attention of tho great gods, and accordingly confiiio their worship to the Sun, the Jumna, mother earth; and tho god of the Homo, propitiating fairies and demons, nnd especially tho doitics of small pox and kindred complaints, while carrying with them everywhere a crowd of idle superstitions. Nothing Is dona without religious sanction— well sinking, ploughing or harvesting are all ushered in by brief and busi ness liko .. petltious to tho unscon powers. They givo nothing for nothing, not oven prayers. Working at tho woll mouth is recog nised as dangerous, and consequently becomes a proper place for piety. Hence tho natives' pro verb, with its shrewd worldly wisdom of sum mary " It is a mad world. Feoplo call on God only at tho woll, and twist their bullooks' tails and prosper." Thcro is a cortain mothod in their madness, oven in their crudest and most childish beliefs about ghosts, omons, charms, horoscopes, lucky numbers, the ovil oye, the danger of yawning and tho suspiciousness of Bheezing. They manage to soil as near to tho wind of admonition, and as aloso to the coasts of. pordition, as other Pharisees in more civilised communities, minimising self denial and cajoling angry doities by judicious bribes to their priests, from whom they obtain a considerable latitudo of solf indulgence. By suoh familiar corapromlsos with reason nnd conscience one is enabled to discern the relation ship of tho Hindus to peoples with whiter com plexions. They are tho touohos of nature whioh make tho wholo world kin, linking tho quiot, submissive, silky minded Oriental to his Cau casian master, whoso brusque manners and haughty poromptorincss of command might seem at times to create a suspioion that ho be lieved himself a boingrof another order. Aa are tho peoplo of tho Panjab so aro tho peoplo of tho wholo poninsula, constituting tho baso and body of its social pyramid, of whioh only: tho apex arid surfaoo are coated with a thin facing of conventional civilisation. Tlrey constitute tho entity to whioh wo refer as "India," all the magnifioenco of its mountains, sweep of illimitable plains, flow of superb rivers, and dazzling glory of irresistible sun furnishing cnljr a background for this bulk of savage life ami 8! Towns count for littlo, and tho townsm Ub<lt' 1 as ho is, for less, in tho I existence. Tho village and tho vil l' i real units, and moro, perhans r. Sll« H of tho world tho peasant is tlio typic"i !? Brt I tiro conservative substratum upon S rcsts-rn whose breast the wild creeds S I caste foehug and unprogressive cbaracte „r J? I race stand 'pealed in all their prUtine 1 ever oqdurrngpowor. Hisnarrowness ccL- prejudice, and confidently illiterate ,',,1"' are balanced by homely virtues and gX nesses, which his chiefs exhibit in f i marked degree. . Playine no nk.k a affairs, furnishing a smaUpropertion o„VoS ruling class, subject to strange masters always tho serfs and creatures of those TAk own blood who may happen to bo in power ,t'I ryots havo preserved healthier qualities' nobler traits tlmn their wealthy aristocrats ( re.gn.ng families. Their lot is the lot oik many m most countries-unceasing unnoted pleasures, unrequited sufferings and unrecorded aspirations. History Z them, tradition discards them, poetry di" I fully passes them by. And still to have in fl cen ly helped to feed tlreir fellows may y u held moro honorable than to have wasted farm, or sacked crtica; to havo reaped tho harvest of the seasons better than to have sown ambitil nnd garnered prido or fame. "Wo may tilt what we please of lilies, and lions rampant ,„d spread eagles in fiolds d'or or d'aryent, but if heraldry were guided by reason, a plough in, field arablo would bo tho most noble and ancient arms 11 . . 