The Storyteller. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE. By Mary E. Stickney, in ' Lippincott's Magazine.' CHAPTER II Let no man delude himself with the thought | that controlling passion may never purge from a wununV heart all memory of his offences against her. Forgive she may in exceeding tenderness, but never will she forget. In all that pertains to the man she loves, the passing years will but give her time to remember. Tiiat Mrs. Rogers should have been talked about, in the full meaning of that pregnant phrase, would have sufficiently damned her in the eyes of Mrs. Battels who had been edu cated in most wholesome awe of Mrs. Grundy. To her the voice of the people was the voice of God indeed. But that this unconscionable little coquette should have drawn Doihild Bar tels with her into the maelstrom of vulgar gossip was, to the wife, an ofTcnoe never to be condoned. Nowhere docs the scaiidal-mongerso flourish, and nowhere is he so merciless in his condem nations, as in those frontier communities where the untrammelled condition of society in its early days have served up so much highly spiccd scandal as to have developed a morbid insatiate appetite for that sort of pabulum. insensibly, as he listens, the purest-minded grows to regard his neighbor with sceptical eves, feeling that to give to anybody the benefit of a doubt is the part of charity rather than 1 good sense. People will have something to i talk about; nor, so long as they are amused,1 arc they disposed (o trouble themselves with any too painstaking discrimination between facts and fiction. Cui Imhiu ? A lie may be but the truth disguised; and surely people would be driven to sore extremity for talk if every black imp of scandal mubt be stripped of its domino of ingenious fabrication. Ana thus, with all the fertility of unclean imaginations, Orodclphia gossiped of Mrs. Rogers, while still opening their doors to her for her husband's sake ; for, just as cordially aa they disapproved his wife, everybody liked the doctor, perhaps partly in unconscious effort to atone for the neglect they accorded him in their ailments. For the old school of medicine had as firm a hold upon popular prejudice as orthodoxy in re ligion. They liked their physical as well as spiritual healing in doses large and strong, I-r. Rogers was a honneopath, with quite radi cal theories as to high dilution ; and, if this were not enough, he looked, moreover, young, and, infcrcntially, inexperienced. It is an un written law that the successful physician must never appear young. Donald Bartels was not given to confidences i regarding his ante nuptial amours, which tra dition said had been many— not alone from a i sense of honor toward those who had accorded I him favor, but that, in his utter absorption in j the one great passion of his life, all that came before it seemed sunk iuto utter nothingness. I In a prudent impulse to forestall the gossips, however, he had told his wife all the story of his friendship with Mrs. Bogers, It was a bald little talc, only worth the telling because of the mountain of talk that had been built up from the mole-hill of fact. The ltogcrscs had simply made him welcome to their house, in the unaf fected hospitality they extended to all mankind, fn his bachelor loneliness he had found it re markably pleasant to be invited to tea, to play croijuct in the summer twilight, and take a hand at whist on a winter night. And when, one day, the doctor had found him tossing in the misery of mountain fever, Mrs. Rogers had promptly come to his dreary boarding-placc, bringing delicacies to tempt bock his appetite, and hooks to amuse. h-»r vifiit.fi hrinrrinrv ninre life aud cheer into tiiedarkened room than all her husband's pellets and powders. That the world hod afterward called him her lover was to Dcnald Bartels always a sufficient refutation of all other gossip about her ; the calumny we« so absolutely unfounded in the one instance, it proved how easily the poor little woman might be maligned under other circumstances. 44 Yet at the very time you were engaged to me!' exclaimed Anita, in a voice of eloquent reproach, when she had listened to the tale. ' But what of that ?' cried Donald, honestly puzzled. ' I have told yon there was nothing in it— not the ghost of a a flirtation. Why,' as one who would offer confirmation as strong as proof of Holy Writ, ' I never kissed the woman —never even pressed her hand beyond the limit of an ordinary how-do-you do.' Anita stared at him with wide- eyed horror. ' Ah if I could hint at such a thing!' reddening angrily. *' As if I could think it possible tbat you should !' ' Well, you seemed to think there must have been some awful developments about it,' laugh* jug inuonaeijuemj&iiy.; ' Ana tnaisori oi tiling is supposed to be rather commonly done, 1 be licve. I did not know but your imagination was running on some such line.' ' Of you, Don ?' a little choke in her voioe. 41 1 would not imagine sucb things of you; I would not give myself the torment oi such thoughts until I was otmpelled. But your sug* gestion seems to prove that such things were possible— that you might have enjoyed theso little familiarities, *-- commonly (lour, with a scornful quiver of the nostrils, regarding him keenly, 41 had you but cared to make the most of your opportunities. Your tone implies tbat I it was no unreasonable prudery on her part tbat | hindered.' I Donald laughed rather confusedly. If he li&d; ; sometimes fancied that Mrs. Rogers cared more j perhaps for him than strict duty to her lord allowed, he had never thought of blaming him^ j self in the matter, and flattered in his heart, neither had he any idea of condemnation for , her. lie was rather disposed to regard it m highly creditablo to both that nothing more had como of it. And Anita's jealous, exclusive love, grudging that oven his name should have been associated with that of another woman, was be* yond his comprehension. 41 How you do jump at conclusions, child 1 1 he testily retorted. ' Can't you give the poor woman the benefit of a doubt even when she is proved innooent ?' But the proof was by no moans olear to Mrs. Bartol's mind, although ehe made an effort to voDoer her manner with a certain cold cordiality when circumstances threw her into the society ef Mrs. RogerB ; for tho Argus- eyed world must not see in her attitude any hint of jealouny or dislike, to prop up the old tales and set the tongues wagging again. Donald came home late to dinner on tbe day after the RogcrscB1 evening call. ?? I am willing to bo forgiven,' he exclaimed, in laughing apology, as he unfolded his napkin. Anita, like most good housokeepers, was never pleased when a nioe dinnor was spoiled by waiting. 41 Dr. Rogers came around to Ihe office end detained me. He has taken you at ? ? no i,n if T..\r» your woru, ana wants me vu up w Park with him.' 'Yes?' listlessly, seemingly absorbed in counting the peas Blie was serving. ' I must say I was tempted,' he c«re!es«)y continued ' Rogers is such a jolly good fel low. I don't know of anybody I would rather go with on such a trip— barring yourself, Dona Anita. If I had not noped you would change your mind, and go after all, 1 think I would nave comc very near saying 'yes1 to him.' 41 But I shall not chAnge my mind,' shaking her head, with a 6low smile. She was not pleased with this new plan. PcrliapB she had never seriously expected him to take her at her word and go without her ; it is so easy to feel ! magnanimous when it may cost nothing but ; words. Certainly she had never thought to see i the Rogers family represented in her place. 41 Carlton' — this was his partner, who had been ailing for a day or two—' will be around to-morrow all right, he told me this morning ; | and there is nothing to do at the office just now, anyway. I could get away for a week or j two as well as not. It seems like flying in the face of Providence to let such an opportunity go by, indeed. I say,' brightening witb his thought, but still regarding her doubtfully, ' I might go with Rogers, and tben, if your inter* csting aunt fails to show up, you might come up the last of the week ana join us.' 4 ( And Mrs. Rogers — ib she going?' with a sudden flush on her checks. 44 Of course I should have known better than to have considered the plan for a moment if 6hc were,' with a sharp tinge of sarcasm in his voice. 14 She is going to visit some friends on A ranch, a few miles east of here, for a couple of weeks, and then meet Rogers at the Park, be told me. They have hired a cabin there fur September.' 14 Oh 1' with an evident accession of interest. 44 And when did you plan to go? 44 We did not plan to go at all,' good* humoredly smiling, but witb an obvious shadow of disappointment on his face. ** Rogers pro posed that we should start to-morrow morning early, go on horseback, get up to Lost Creek about noon, fish there through the afternoon, put up at Longman's ranch for the night, and on to the Park tbe next morning. But of course I did not seriously think of going.' Anita knew whet this trip meant to him, who loved the freedom of the woods witb the ardor of a school- boy, to whom trout-fishing was the only pursuit worthy the name of sport. And why should he be denied this pleasure, which might yield him such rich returns in health fulness as well? Donald's fair, blond face looked pallid where lie sat in shadow; surely lie needed the tonic of the woods. Anita's haart smote her with swift compunction for her ungenerous hesitancy. j \- ou i wijy sijuuiu you «ii» mjc usfttsi, with quick kindness. ' Because, from your face, I don't belicrc you want me to,' with his sunny laugh. 44 It is very flattering. And, besides, I don't care I anything about going without you, anyway.*1 Anita'6 glance fell upon him like a caress. For but a cloud on ber face he would throw aside this pleasure without a second thought. How tender he was of her ! — how unselfish ! But cotiM sin: uitt, on her side, be as generous? 44 liut you are quite wrong,' 6he eagerly pro* tested. 41 You do not know my tacc yet, dear, if it can deceive you like that. Of course I want you to go ; and I am deligted at this op portunity for you. As you say, you could not nave a more desirable companion than Dr. Rogers for such an outing, and I shall insist upon your going with him.' ' If I could ouly have you with me V* regard ing her wistfully. 44 But you will have the grand mountain scenery, the cool, gurgling trout- brooks, and the breath of the pines— ample compensation for so small a loss.' 44 It would spoil it all to think of you here alone.' Anita came around the the table, and, draw ing his head ba?k. pressed a kiss on his cheek, where the flesh was soft and fair as that of a girl. 44 Do yeu know,' she said, with a tender little laugh, 44 you remind ute of one Cncus Poinpcy, about whom 1 was reading this morn- 1 ing, wiio was. according to r ruuae, sogoou ana beautiful, and so delightful to woman withal, that they all longed to bite him ?' 44 Oh, thanks awfully,' laughingly feeling in his pocket as though to settle the score. 44 What do you want for it ?' 44 1 want you to listen to reason, muy umatlo. I want you to accept the mountain-plan as a settled thing, without further argument. And I shall not be alone if you go. Auntie is likely to be here in a day or two, you know ; or, if she docs not come, I could go up tbe last of the week, and join you at the Park, as you sug gested.' 44 And will you? — you dear girl!' tenderly drawing her to him. 44 And you will not get blue au4 lonely through the long days, if she docs nol come ? You will not be sorry that you sent me away?' 44 Sorry 1' her face glowing with the uncon scious clouuencc of Strom; passion : ' bow could I grudge you any pleasure when I love you so ? How could I be lonely, knowing you happy in good company ? Ah, no, sweetheart,' rubbing her check 6oftly against his, 44 never, for a moment, let me seem to be a drag upon your pleasure. Your happiness must always be reflected in my heart ; and whatever enjoy ment may come to you can only make me un selfishly glad.' And she thought she meant it every word. It would seem that the recording angel should have smiles in turn, as well as tears, for the foibles of human nature. (To If continued in Friday** i**ue). 