\- ' - In consequence of press&rd; on our- space our leading article is crowded out. The annual diaper in connection wrifcli i'Ke Federal Band, w'ill be held iii the Odd- fell&ws;' Hall, Latrobe, on Wednesday, Toly lsL Ti'ckets may be obtained from hfr W. A. Whitakor, at his, Federal stationery dpot. It is exjiected tliat the gathering Will be a large one, and it .wilt certainly, b'e an enjoyable one. Dr. Yonng, . the lato M.L.A. for Eat Devon, has accepted tho invitation to- a bartqviet to be given liim at Lattobe on the 24th kist., in recognition of his past services whilst rtresontative of- the constituency. A meeting of Directors of Latrobe Gas Company was held on Thursday afternoon, when some routine business was tran sacted by those present. Number two of a series of articles on the frfc-if growing industry will be found in another column, and contains some highly- interesting information to intending fruit growers and the public geseija-Hy. A public meeting will be held at Whitaber's Coffee Palaco this evening, at 8 o'clock, to take action to arrange for a Chauijrion Axemen's Exhibition of the Australian colonies, to be. held annually at Latrobe. As the subject is an important one,-, we hopp-to see a largo attendance. According, to adycrtisemeht Ir Hare intends dealing in his lecture otu Sunday night with the question "Is the soul of. man part of God ?" What of the deathlbss spirit, arid the rieverlying- soul ? This is one of the grerib questions with which the inteicct of our age is struggling. An in- ' vitation is given to' csuie and hear. " Practical Christianity '.' is the topic chosen by tho Rev. J. G. W right- fo; SUnr. day afternoon riext. Tenders for a. lfumher Of works dt -the Ldtiobc public, ceihe tdry cjqse with the chairman Mr E. Eairlam, <Sn- Mjsnday nhxt tire 15th instant. ' It will be remembered that at the ' Ldtrobe Police Court on Tuesday last-, , some, unustrglly hard sweqgirig wds in dulged in during tTm hearing 6f an assault Case, Matthews v. Aitken. Wo understand tliat proceedings will shortly be. irigti.tuted ' for; perjury arising out. of the case. A most enjoyable evening was sjietit by the members and friends- of the Congre gational Church on Wednesday. The said- gathering was presided over by, the Rev. T. G. Wright, who in- a very brief opening' address, referred to; the social nature of- man, and tho provision God has made- for man's happiness. There was too littfe joy in the world, and if by singing, reading, or ieciting tre could give pleasure, it was a dhty as well as a privilegb to db so. . The duet, "List tip the Convent Bells," was well tendered by Misses Marchan and Piper.-; this was followed by Master. , Mcilwaine recitipg ii> a mb'st creditable manner tliat difficult- piece entitled " The Cameroniftn's Dteaqi." Tho solos of mf Hdsiing, Mr Ingledew and Mr Rockclifi wefe war'riiiy applauded, and two hrimotons readings given in capita?, style by Mr Hosry Bton, caused great iaitghtoi. T%e laplies o? tbe chuiph sang very ;sw;oetly "Fb Moiie Teat's," and after ."PauTs defence befoie Agrippa." ably recited by Mr Mann, the m'set-ing wiis brought to Aclose by singing " ifesu lbvcr ' of , my Shut" Miss Eeady in heif usual 'efficient style, icted. as organist. The .social meetings are. hp!d- fortnightly, apd people wishing to pass a pleasant lio'nr should attend. A collection is made to help towards putting Uji a hew fence abound the church. The next meeting of the Latrobe ChamA bpr of Comrncrc'e will be held' ori M'ondSy Wfen-ing at Lucas' Hotel. ' On Tuesday aftei-noon a meeting of the Latrobe Ladies' Benevolent Society was held, when the usual supplies to a. number of Caaes were authorised. One new appli- 'baut' Jor relief was placed on the list, and one taken off in consequence of not re quiring further Assistance, Another ap-. plkferit-wpjs refused, it being considered the Case was out- of the district. Several changes have teccntly been ' made in the managers of the local colieries 'Wiked, hy Messrs Heavy Law and Co., and ?ike output of crial igj "We are. gMd. to say. " The Latrobe residents should nop forge! ; he meeting to' be- hold on Monday ovonin, . o .consider th.e proposals to join in an tmalga'aated Water Scheme with Devou- lorfc, which is; convened bi: the Latrobe Yater Trust. Tho matter being so impbV- . ;aut we' exjicct to see « large attendance : and the questi.ori thoroughly debated. The entertainment which was announced for Wednesday evening, to bo given by the Federal Minstrels', fell through in oonso- I rwionce of the paucity of attorVlance. Con- ! sluering the troublo the nteuibers of the f.rOupo are put to in rehearsing to; provide amushinent for the residents during the winter mouths, it says very little for the appreciation of the putvlie. Possibly the recent plethora of amusements has aifi-cfced the a fctrncti vene.ss of trie locals, whom wo hope se'on to see rewarded with a bumper house. We: extract the'- following- ftons The- Avs- tralasinn Clu-istim HSUinfidri of June 1. — New Zealand scents, to' have advanced a liti.le further on the prohibition question itliafl. tfay of the Other Australasian col-' onies, the Local Option clause r.o't only ' allowing tlie people to iim-R the number of public-houses, but to actually j.roki'Ai ' them. On April 10th, the people of Sydenham, a suburb of Christchuroh, with 1 10,000 inhabitants, voted Cri the question and decided, by a majority of 200 to: at : once wipe. Out of exist toco the ci'.jlA public- : houses of the municipality. This is the 1 first place' in Australasia to vote for prb-- hibitiori. Oik. the SiAiSday before the' eloc-' : tioh, an outdoor public meeting was! held, attended by a crowd 13,000 strong. At this meeting we notice that R.- Cx. Giimour gave the first- address. The meeting is spoken ox as the largest eves- hold irt t.he : City of the Plains." In another column, on- our fhist page Mf ' W-iif.- Barries, ironmonger, Lritrohe, draws attention to. his largo an.d varied stock of general ironmongery, guns', elootroqjkctecl goods,, and general hardware, merchandise, Which he has added to his already well- ' assorted stofrk. Messrs Watkinson Bros., Devonport, iri- . vite inspection of tiWir stock of fruit tree3. Mr A. P. Lucas, Lptrobe, announces that he has made arrangements for a supply of the best fruit ti'oes availahle in the colony-. He is vow receiving orders and will guaran- > tee all trees true to name. Last year he ; brought over 10,000 trees in.tb.the district and lie expects from the otdeto already ' booked to double that nmribet this season. ' His trees are all procured ffota the best ; orchards. The consfccration of the Cliriych of St Barnabas, Sheffield, took place.On Thursday lasts at 2.30 p.nk As the hour drew near a large, number of adherents of the church and other friemds gathered roupd the sacred edifice. The proceedings began by a procession of the: Bishop, ajid his Chap-, lain and Clergy, consisting of Revds. Canon Adams (Registrar and Chaplain), Y/. Hogg, (incumbent), A. W. Icely (Canon Missioner) T. B. Sharland (IVesthm-y) J. G. Morting .(Doloraiuo), and Mr H; Winter, of Rail ton, Tho Bishop was received at the. west door . by the Canon. Missionoi;. and the church of ficers, whou a petition for the consecration of the church was received and ordered to be read and the, prayer therein consented' to by hhn. The procession then returned to the chancel repeating the 24tli Psalm. ; There the Bishop secured the deeds of tho .church ; to en. foil- wed a. dedicatory prayer 'the 122hdi Psalm, and . intetoeseary prayers for those who shall be baptised, confirmed, and become coriirmuiican.is.for hearers, for those who shall be married, make offerings and worship; in, the sacred edifice. The. congregation new standing up, tho, Regis- . trial- read the R.entence of cdnsccratiori. which was duly- sighed by. the Bisbop, attd then the Bishop said " I declare this Church Of St Barnabas to bp. consecrated apd set dpar't to God for ever, izr the name of God. the. Father and the- Son and tho Holy Ghost. Amen." Tho. Bishop's address, was ferigorly listened to by a full, congregation and the singing under the eOndifct of Mrs Icely was heartily rendered, The Bishop also preached ill tho Evening, and will of ficiate on Sunday, leaving for Hobart on tho folio wing day. The Church of S b. Bar nabas is a liedt wood structure, well fur nished, and is a creditable improvemcn to, the town of Sheffield. 