i GHOST If A PALAOI If X were to teUmy fnesdfl and acquabw taboes of this practical age thot I lived for some yeorr in a palace at ray ease. had fret right to wander over its magnificent apart ments, to disport myself to itii te"1" courts and pleasure grounds, with vassals — or, rather, a vassal— at toy aids, they would wink, shake their knowing beadg, probably ask me if I had started a new edition of 44 fairy tales." But such is, nevertheless, a fast. I not only lived to a palace, bat drew my first breath, and opened my round and probably wondering eyes upon scenes of past gloriea. In a word, 1 was born to a -wing of the celebrated palace, standing on the rive; Wensnm, at Norwich, owned by the renowned but ill-toted Duke of Norfolk, who went t« his grove without his head for attempting tf establish the power of the no less lll-fstoi Lady Jane Grey. Macaulay grows eloquen to describing the building. He speaks of itt splendour, how the drinking vessels were or gold, and the commoner kinds of sterlini silver. He also informs the reader tha Italian artists were employed to decorate tht panels with beautiful pictures, and tha " Duke's Palace " was the finest town hous ont of London. With regard to the gold and silver vessels, I can say nothing, as I never saw any, oi heard of any being found. My 1 4 christening mug," I fear, was nothing better than electro plate, and that of & third-class quality, for we were a 44 poor lot ;" but I can speak as to the works of the Italian masters. On the landings — on some of which a coach and four might have stood comfortably — the panels bore traces of byegone art. My father followed the craft of a gold beater, and over a carved porch was suspended the insignia of his calling — a brazen arm, with a mallet poised aloft in the clenched fist. We keut one servant (my vassal), named Matilda Hedges, a damsel who borrowed old- style books from the circulating library, and went to bed replete with horrors every night. Occasionally I would creep down to the kitchen — it had been a servants' hall in forms days — to give Matilda a scare. The scene is plain enough before me now. A small table — which looked as if it had lost its way, and wandered into the crypt of a church — e guttering candle, and a small fire in a grate at which a sheep might have been roasted. Poor Matilda ! My parents made her as comfortable as circumstances would allow, but I have often wondered that amid the gloom and shadows of that dismal region she did not conjure up plenty of ghosts without the aid of 44 The Castle of Ontario'' and 44 The Seven Footsteps in the Dungeon." Whenever I announced my presence with a g-A&a-like; yell, the circulating library goffered. One portion of it went clean over ner neao, uetraueauu w us umuxug ouu general arrangement, and Matilda, who was, perhaps, absorbed in a thrilling episode, would turn very white, and ntter strange sounds in her throat suggestive of the ener getic winding-up of the kitchen dock. But she forgave me almost immediately. The girl loved me. She had held me in her arms as a baby, put np with my childish ways, petted and spoilt me, and I believe that she would have got np in the middle of a winter ' night aud trudged on her bare feet ten miles over a stony road to do me a service. One night — I think it was in the middle of October — a mighty storm of wind and rain swept over the ancient city. The gale howled and shrieked like a paek of fiends let loose upon a tortured world. Windows rattled, signboards creaked, hnge stacks of chimneys rocked, and every now and then ' came a crash telling of destruction of pro perty, and perhaps injury to limb and life. My father was at work to a room at the top of the house, but he oould stand it no f longer. He came downstairs, looking very pale, and said that the air was full of sounds such as he had never heard before, the flutter ing of thousands of huge wings, hoarse, un earthly cries, and occasionally a loud thud, as if something had fallen from the clouds. My grandmother, who resided with us at the time, referred him at once to Bunyaa'e 44 Holy War," and to improve the occasion, fished that most excellent book from a book case, and began, to read from it in as solemn tones as though she were refreshing our memories with the Service for the Burial of the Dead. Not far from our house — palace, I should say — was the ancient church, of St. Mary-in- Jityfather, v dbwnaboab our. ijifi jn ajMlflnseiit tm the wicked," re- "Woe to the Y.!Bns was rathar an unkmd. thing for a Bother to say tnhcr son who charged her , tot for bbaid mil lodging ; bntmy father mind it over,t»mViBgtiiat fnght was iriviag mwiaskto the tardersaf idiocy, sat jfcmy eide and spoke words of eooourage- wentome. .... i .. ' : He tali me that such .ediifiiots of the ele ments were aU sfent to ftfifiLfhe laws laid ftown act the Creatfon, mid withottt tbem the tir would become So full of iaaspBriliBB thar rh boMd notlive. "lightning MQs hHght axid ideam the at- BOSDhan," he was when the room teame filled with horrid quivering glare of fieel blue, W tht; next ins ant a terrific peal rf Aaader drowned the voice of tin <rI cannot sit here and know that Matilda B atone," cried my mother, . starting up. Matilda ! Girl ! Matilda, come up here ladsat with bus." Matilda came np very slowly. She was trembling in -every nerve, and her face wa3 as white as if it had been b&achednnd; powdered with Chinese flake afterwards. My mother gave her a few teaspoonfulB of brandy, carefully hoarded and kept only for medicinal purposes, ami Matilda, after throw- . sag her apron over her head, and givinz vent !o afew spasmodic sobs, was able to speak. \- 44 (Mi, mum," she said, 44 this is more than l storm. The coals and cinders flew out of he grate just now just as if somebody had MKBght them up in their hand. And then io wn the chimbley — oh, good gracious me ! — heird sounds like people fighting and raising." 44 A judgment on the wicked city," declared my grandmother. 44 Well, I have led a good life, and I am prepared to go." 44 That must console von immensely," said my father, testily. 44 What nonsense is this? I was wrong to mention anything about strange sounds. Of course there would be no and to them in such a sconn as this. There, there ! the wind i dropping, and the storm sloads are rolling away." I really believe that my grandmother felt iisappointed at this satisfactory state of Affairs, and that she would have liked at least one gable of the house to come down with a rattle, bat whether she would have sared to be under it is another question. The storm passed away, and then the streets and courts becam full of people. Men and women hook hands .with each other, as we are told they did at the cessation of the Great Plague of London ; but on returning home I was rather surp: teed at hearinir my grandmother, who had been dooming the city to destruction, ask my father to sing, 44 All round my hat I wear a green willow" — a song then much in vogue. But my father was in no mood for singing. He ordered me to bed, and I starte — ' the dark journey up stare, and finally found myself in my accustomed bedroom r It contained no less than five windows, with diamond shaped panes, each being opened with an iron bar drifted with holes, to be fitted to a peg as occasion demanded. Oar forefather?, we are told, were heavy drinkers, and in one respect I am certain thev were fond of draughts. When those windows were partly open, it was a fight between cold In the head and constitution, and the former generally gained the mastery. There were tall cupboards, too, in that room, in wMch men six feit high could have stood upright without fear of knocking their heads, and huge beams, such as would make a 44 jerry buLder" of to-day stare, crossing the ceiling. My little bed stood near the door— a uuusbive oa a ii air uiuea wiin an iron latch, locally termed a 44 snatch" — and many a night when the moonbeams played at hide- and-seek with the shadows of the ivy, I have lain and wondered what sort of people oc cupied that room when the duke and Ms friends quaffed sack and canary out of golden goblets. At the time of which I am writing I was just sixteen years of age, strong, healthy, and in nowise superstitious. To Jim in, such a place, where at night strange noises are as plentiful as green gooseberries at "Whitsun tide, takes all the ghost nonsense out of one. I slept and dreamed as peacefully sb any youth in a modern villa with a policeman on point duty at the corner of the road. The storm had tried my nerves, and in- itead of setting sail for the -harbour of Sbadowland a few minutes after going, on board, as was my usual custom, I Jay wide awake. I beard the clock of St. Mary-in-the-Mareh itrike ten, eleven, and twelve, but there I lay staring at the ceiliDg, or, rather, in the lireefcion of it, for the night was as black as pitch, and listening to the fretful sighing of the wind, wMch Beemed inclined to tune up again on the slightest provocation. Now, a sleepless boy is a misery to fafm- ' self. I turned this way and rolled that. I rubbed my nose until it was sore, and pulled my hair until the very pain of the operation hrought tears into my eyes ; but Morpheus was unkind, aud stood aloof. Just as the chimes proclaimed half- past twelve, I heard a sound which certainly did not belong to the wind. It was the patter ing of feet not far from my room, and the owner of these feet was singing. It was not suoh melody as an ordinary person would indulge in, but a weird kind of croning, with no time or tune in it, but prolonged notes, then abort gasps, . and that long-drawn, mournful sobs. I bad more hair on my Mad than I have now — a fact of which I am often reminded by an exasperating hairdresser, who, with a shilling's worth of lead, cold water, and sulphur, implores me not to be 44 thin on the top v Well, I felt my youthful locks rise and flutter. Every drop of blood in my veins tingled, and then congealed. I was oonscious that I was trying to cry Out, but I was tongue-tied, and as helpless as if chained hand and foot. Suddenly re action set jn, I leaped from my bed, threw Open the door, and fainted ; for there within afowpacsof me, and stalking down the My father was an early user, and as soon as I aa®T ihM he was about, I went to him and stated what Thad seen and tyajfi Hi reasoned with me, argued with mfl, and rebuked me, btit all in. Vain. You w&cg; dreaming," he sudj dismissing me with an impatient sweep of biw strong ®tin. " Don t sty anything of this outside, as f&opie; will caB mv sboi a cpwaid." Bat it so jhsed that my grandmother, who slept som Wherela 4the parish," as the house Was facetiously termed ai times, joined me in the ghoat- seeing line." - £ On the following bight she was roused from her righteous slumbers by light footfalls and tinging. . - ' _ '" <4Hrat, ' explained (he bid lady, " I thought that somebody was singingahymn, hut Us I listened T made sure that the voice beLngnd to some unholy spirit, aud unholy spirits are not given to singing hymns. Well, my dears, I opened the door and peeped oat, and there Stare above ! if ever a women saw a ghost, X am that unfortunate women." My father gre w perplexed , but at the same time he was inclined to treat the matter in a satirical manner, 4t Perhaps," said he, 41 the ghost dropped down one of the chimneys daring the storm. If so, poor thing, we must lay a trap to catch, it, but we must use it very trentlv. I should suggest a glass case, where it would look well on the piriour table." It was a dreadful thing to live in a haunted house. I begged to have my bedroom changed, and my request was granted. Grandmother burnt a light all night, and laid in a stock of texts to frighten the restless spirit away, and, strangely enough, it de parted. Bat only to return. One night my father opened the door of my room, and announced himself in such a style as not to cause me alum. 44 Get up and dress yourself," he said. 44 1 want you to come with me." 44 Whereto?" tasked, naturally enough, as I rubbed my eyes. 44 Over the house," he replied. "Some body is playing the fool here." Now, as there w;re only five of us to play the fool, the queetion was, who could it be ? Not my grandmother, who was snoring as loudly as if she had not been to bed for a month ; not my mother ; and as for the faith ful and gentle Matilda, she was the last creature on earth to play practical jokes. 44 1 have seen somethiog, and I have heard something," my fatoer said. 44 Was— was it all in white ?" I faltered. 4 4 It might have been clothed in white, or grey, or striped," my father replied; 44 but it had certainly something white on its head. Listen I" From the region of the kitchen came strange sound s. The fender, fire-irons, chairs and tables seemed to be holding carnival for thev were moving about one after the other. Then the cups, saucers, and dishes began to rattle about ; and then somebody (and we could hear the words as we crept lower down! began singing : ' ' Six days I work with all my might To keep the pots and. kettles bright, But 1 w 11 have mv Sunday. 44 Why — why" 44 Don't speak," said father, interrupting me, in a whisper. 44 Follow me." Down the stairs we stole, my father shad ing with his hand the candle he had brought, until we reached the kitchen. And there was Matilda, in a neat print dress, cap, and apron, sound asleep, and going through a semblance of her work as cheerfully as pos sible. She made no mistake, no slip ; everything went off in apple-pie order — at least, ap parently to her mind — for, after giving a va Ant stare round the place, she swept lightly past us, and went straight io her own room. Early the next morning my father did the wisest possible, tMog. He seat for a doctor, who, concluding that the circulating library had proved alittle too much for Matilda's bra in, advised the 44 cold water cure." That night when Matilda was fast asleep, my mother placed on each tide of the bed two bath towels steeped in water. Whether Matilda in her asleep stood and pondered on this dampness of the weather I cannot say, but ebe did not disturb the household, and was affected the next day with what she was pleased to call 44 the snuffles." The 44 cold-water cure" was repeated for several nights, but it was soon dispensed with. Matilda did her work at the proper time, and we never had another ghost in the palace. — Weekly Budget . 