|c||pr fck. V? :.vY ^^|I:P)B(a;'l06DSTBS SAM. iSift: ^[AlSOTEEKsiAHD BIGHTS' BBHBBVED.] i'i'fe'J ■ ... . No. X. \- v ... tCbe world—always a mad world, my masters! ' --—hargone madder than ever over congresses. \- Figaro jui Figaro quaThere are congresses 'V-here.tthere, and everywhere. Hygienists and demographers, -Orientalists and. dentists, -—taaehora and elee$rioians, trades unionists and bi-metallists. The cry is, Still they oome. Bat thera must' surely be another congress sitting whose operations are stealthy, whose place of meeting is unknown, bnt whose "transac tions " somehow or other contrive to get on the 'telegraph wires to convulse English stock ex oUangee and continental bourses, and generally r to bight the oivffisod world from its propriety. : ,' Eoho has kindly whispered to me the names of 'some of the members of this mjsterionsly men -••• ■ daeioUBoongress—or perhaps it would be better to call it a syndicate. • a • • ■ 'Don Fernando Vender Pinto, the Baron von • \- - Konohahsen, if. do Crac, the Bev. Titns Oates, D.D., Major Goliath Gahagan, late H.E.LO.B., Mr. Darby O'Boorke (ha told, yon wQl remember, that story abont an eagle), and . : : Colonel - AnaniasCrammer, F.TJ.8.A.—these j :.-,.mem.tobe a fowo! the manufaatnrerBOf bogus , news who have been soaring ns this week with ■; canards of the ooohpation of the islet of Sigri, . •juighMitylene, by the bine jackets and marines, v who: were said jo have landed cannons, hoisted V.tha British flag on Turkish territory, fortified ... themselves, with torpedoes, and generally raised Gain and hriien things " in eastern :"..'wstem.' la the,ghastly tale cabled from Now Fork ■■ about tho earthquake in Salvador an equally bogus affair? The president of that remote re ' pnblia, telegraphing, to the meroantile oorra spendent in London -relative to the safety of a ) .(Jsmfly'at.Comaaagua—when yon go to Coma- j \- djagna always-ask far olla con.frigoles at the , \- ^po8tdo'of"Loa Ties Ladrones;". it is much j IQBWVVt- AM* •letter than the pnohsro con garbanzos at the ..Vents "do la Mala Gente"—says that the ^family Inquired after are quits safe and that 7 DO"misfortunes at ,all have oqonrred in the ' oountry: - Bat how abont the cities which ac cording to the NeVFork cablegram bad been ~ " wiped out?" Has there been an earthquake . . at iu at Sin Salvador? Dr. Johnson, we all "■-know, obstinately refused to believe in the earthquake at Lisbon in 1756. flow many i .signs and: portents would the great lexioo- , :grapherdecflna to srodit nowadays? t •: « • • • .The AmnHmns prids themselves on not being i.Wnperztitioat .people; bnt there Isrone eng. geattonLwhieh. they have fondly oherlehed for . -Antoriytwo centuries, and that i*, that some- j : ■ \whero on the north* east coast of the Atlantio, , A'..between Lofig Island and Halifax, there exist immense treasnres of bnllion, plate, - and Cis, burled there in the.days of one Wil HL'fcy; Captain Eyd, or Kidd, the pirate '' -wbom'we hed the advantage of hanging and j . 'gjbbeting at Exeouiion. Dock. A band of , . treasnze'.seekera composed mainly of poor fisher \-- men.'Ieft Halifax recently to search for the ',. Kt& ex Eddbooty, which isnowsaid to be 'eecretoi on t)sk Island, Chester Bay, Nova . Sootia. ."Captain' Merritt, of the Herritt Wrecking Company," of New Fork-is said to be; interested In tub venture. Good luck-have c; thou with thy wreckage,- gallant OapHng! "''"Srs - • • * • ,-HIgh 20 yearn sinoe, Washington Irving in "Wolfert Webber"'made sport of theKydN * '■ — T-t- -AlVtt,.. 1. "Vc 1 ( I* Wolfert WGDDCr ■' maae sport ui uiertyu - treasnre-delnslon. Bat nothing is harder to * " ]dQ than a superstition, especially If it be backed * i .by the instinct of cupidity. j This "Slavery of Drink" jabber has at length | been idlenood ; bnt in the organ of Printing House Square the unprofitable wrangle about the hanging of murderers still continues. Now j wndlagain the gruesome correspondence is en- , livened by a jocular old "ohestnnt" about ] judicial strangulation; and this brings to my j mind'the very curious fact that the old English ( -jest-books positively teem with droll stories j \- - abost the gallows and its victims. 1 am sure . ; that I oould relate £0 hanging aneodotes with \- . out book were I put to the test. „ . Here is one which may or may not be in Joe . 'Idler, bnt which has always 'struck me as ■' being au exceedingly keen example of double-1 edged wit. A culprit going to Tyburn is met, " : 'Wbm tbe cart halts at St. Giles', by his wife, :7-who-thni addresses him, "My dear, Fve ■brought you a nice new twopenny rope to be hanged, is. • I could not tear the thought ol \- your, suffering in a common county, cord." ."Thank yon, my love," replies Benedict, "I " wonld rather not.. Kzep ft lor your next hoiband." .. • • • • I hope that I am, oa tha whols, a peaceable -^'iparty"; • everia bom giving or taking ~>eSCBM; (till I very much feu that ere long. \- kha esteemed -musical critio of this journal will begin to thirst for my beemal fluid, because I ' i'.ua KCtatedly/fltheagb involuntarily, poaoh. w vanre." It le not my fault. My 'COOesppodeata j include « large nnmber of \- "votaries of St. Cecilis, and they porist in pro* • .-"patsudinK mnrioal nuts for me to crook—^if I >. dan. Here, for example, is "F.J." (Buxton), . . iwbo'is ansohs to know "why the beautiful and evergreen ballad,' Kathleen Mavoumetn,' . fa inrtriably sung by a lady, although it must bo patent to,-everybody, by the words, that it was written for a male vocalist?" and why, :again,' "F.G." wants to know, is "Dermot lAsthore," the answer to "Kathleen," never .. heard now-a-daysf -" * • . • Some'yaars ago the Times i&vcured; its readers with 'tin astounding information that there fare 1,000,000 oonviets in England. In reality the inmber of broad-arrowed period in question was obont 10,000, bnt wo Save haalately tome'entirely not the Use amazing statistics ol felony. The number of persons at present in penal servitude dL not Inch exeeed 5,000 bemg half the number who were "doing time ten years ago; and no less than eight oonwot prisons are Ant np. To me the statement is simply be wildering—pleasantly so, but still utterly pet plexing. m . Men aro murdering their wives, their chil dren, arid themselves right and. left, me "Slavery, of Drink" correspondence shows no signs of abatement of national drunkenness; the revenue from the duties on intoxicating liquors is steadily increasing; there is a to'S01? en,; hanced consomptioo of tobicco; and (Jeaowi Booth tells us that one-tenth of the population are submerged in destitution, vice, mid or"™®; Can it be the spread of education that has halt emptied our bagnts and oaAlered 60 per cent of the black army of convicts ? Alas . the aug mentation of knowledge oan have little to do ■with the apparent improvement in the national morals; for I learn that the esteemed secretary of a great moralistic organisation has lately as serted that most of the literature of the day throughout the world is of a "diatinotly evil Here is a tit-bit for Latinists. A fair oor respondent of an evening oontemporary, oom ri.fninff of the selfish and unseemly praobpa— it is both—of men puffing tobaoac smoke in the faces of ladies oocnpying the garden seats of omnibuses oomplain that they do so urnper uliouc et coram omnibta. Thua. a V aorcauod free English woman;" but is coram oinmiua elegant Latinity ? If it means •' all tiie pas sengers on the 'bus," well and good; If it means the vehiole itsalf it is bad. yon coram sepulchre. Mem.: Did not Lord Beaoons field onoe call a hearse mora omniiva ? * * * * Mr. Montagu "Williams, SO, may bej re minded that the mills of the gods, whloh are proverbially said to rotate so slowly, occa sionally move exceeding fast. _ The wormy magistrate is very fond of girding at the Israelites who come before him; but swutly Nemesis haa been on his traok, and the Tribes are revenged. Isaao Laqnedem was the Wandering Jew; but for many dolorous has Mr. Montagu Williams been doomed to be the Wandering Beak. Marehe toujour!! has been the stern ordinance of the Home Office, or of tho . other constituted authorities; and from court to' oourt, ''all over the shop" in a metropolitan sense, has the mnoh-cufiering magistrate been oonstramad to strayi and simply lot tho reason that wo hava not a sufficient number of stipendiaries in the metropolis to do justice between font mEllons and a-hslf of people. At length the peripatetic police-magistrate seems to have found rest for the soles of his feet at Marylebone, to whioh oonrt he has been transferred in suooeBsion to the late Mr.- Parte ridge. Who was the mythdlogioal gentleman who sat so long on the rock-till he grew to itr I have left my Limpriere in London. Stay, it was Thesns. Let Mr. Williams emnlate that hero and defy the efforts of Hercules to tear Mm from the rock of Marylebone. • • • • Mr. Beetbohm Tree haa been somewhat un kindly bantered on his new " arrangement "of "Hamlet" He makea the royal Dane die " amid the sweet ringing of an angelio choir, among whioh Uphelia is supposed to be present" The eminent actor msy plead a notable precedent "for making a Bbakeeperian tragedy conolude with a ohorns. Abont AO years ago -there was at the Theatre Boy el, Glasgow, a well known aotor-manager named Alexander, one of whose articles of dramatic faith was that every dramatic performance, were it tragedy, comedy, melodrama, or farce, should oonclnde with a song. And he Bang himself, too. ' • • • * One of Mr. Alexander's favourite parts was Macbeth, in whioh, alter he had Been duly slain by Maodufl, the Three Witohes, with Hecate and an "angelio ohoir" of young ladies in white muslin and with their back hair down, came on and sang a ohorns with the burden, " The tyrant is no more!"- Macbeth, prostrate on the stage, acted as bugletnan. One evening an irreverent spirit in the gallery celled oat, "Aleck! ye menna sing; ye're deed mon." To which the still recumbent aotor-maneger, stroking his ohin with his hand, as was his wont, retorted, "I'll be alter yon, young gentleman, directly with a stick." So let Mr. Boerbohm Tree keep a light heart. The play of "Hamlet" is, to my mind, susceptible to atill farther developments. The Ghost does not do enough for his money. He ought to ap pear at the denonement and dance. ■ « » • • I am right glad to have added last week a Having.- clause to the eoho tonohing the bill passed by the Lower Chamber of the New Zealand Legislature rendering women eligible to serve as members ol Parliament. Some of the London papms have already begun to gush on the now departure which, it waa hastily as sumed, had been made;- botes I suspeotod the bill haa been thrown out by the Legislatwa. Council. I mind the New Zealand, legislature welL They entertained me royally, at "Bel ! Jamy'*"—Sir William Pitaherbert to the chair I —at the Parliamentary Building!!, Wellington, In 1885. I remember that Sit Julian Yogel made a right good speech on the occasion. I once harboured some thoughts of writing a book about my wanderings in Australia and New Zealand, wanderings extending into the remotest " baok blocks" of the bash in ell those magnificent dependencies, with the 'exception of WeBtern Australia. Bnt a hitter domestic sorrow whloh overtook me on the eve of leaving Australia for India made me lose heart; and fo: four long weary years I held the antipodes in horror. I can read abont these wonderful ipjiong now, and pwhips shall gather np, i«ne | aW, the mattered fragments of tfie ol tha Golden Fleece." .< v.- ; • . • • • . MeanwhUo' I scarcely think ttatow brethren under the Bonthwn Cross -will b# above" pleased with a vary- clever article Entitled "Sooial Ma in Australm in the oarrant nnmbor of the " Fortnightly. Mel bourne may fail-to appreciate the ramming up ofhor theologloallife as a.hind of^agamsm onalified by "raw Breabyteriaruam; while, as f°r Sydney^ the Mother City of. Australia may bitterly resent the contemptuous tone In whioh the writer speaks of the •' low-lying quarter of w JloomooYoo." As Iknewit.Woolloomooloo wa™a quarter full of trim little villas,.noneo, which dwelt my very good friend the Hon. Daniel 0' Connor, some time Postmaster- General of the oolo^ o'f New Booth .Wales. Mr. O'Connor was, by profession, a bntoner. Touching tho Norman substitution of "veau," whence "veal" (as 1 thought), for drives flesh a antfinrifcv On I)lul010ff7, % « lj > a learned authority on philology, *' 0 G.L ," fLangham Hotel) tells mo that there is a twelfth oontury Norman word "veer from which, and not from "veau" our English "veal isde. rived. True, oh! King of Philologers; and when, may I ask, will "Hans Breitmann'give another » barty?" SHU, oddly enough, I find fn the dictionaries that "veel" is an old English word, and "veil" an old Soottuh onei; and that in old French, besides "veel" thereis "vedel" and viel." All those variants are obviously from the Latin " viteUus" diminutive | of " vitaluabut here the lexloogtaphera are at odds. The "Imporial Dictionary (Anna dale and Ogilvie) traces " vitnlus" from the root of the Latin " vetus," old, and theGreek "Ivletos," a year; bnt a learned French fftammatian avera that "Yitulua" oomes from I the Greek " ifcalos/'.an ox: whenee " Italy. I The merriest of all studies is word-hunttog. , If an outsider ventures to mate any inquiries XI 8u ouuiiuer vcuimco »v Into the origin of a word, the philologioal 11 pros." revile him'in "Notes and Queries,^ "pros. c«vivo iiiau. or be is pelted with anonymous poatoards darkly inainnating that he brcfee the Portland vase, stole the Gainsborongh ."Duchess of Devonshire," and murdered Eliza Grim wood. I gather from the communication of "Ker riensis" (Howdon, Yorkshire) that the " Shan Van Vooht" will be found in " Songs of lie land," edited by Miohael Joseph Barry (Dubiiu, 1869), and in '.'Irish Minstrelsy," kited by HalUday Sparling—" Canterbury Poets " (London, 1889). By the way, I note in an; old edition of "The Begga'at-Opera," given many years ago to my mother by dear old Mrs. Kebley, that some of the most tuneful melodies in the " B.O." are described as Irish. Tho "New Journalism " tells us a strange j thing. I read that a few days sinoa a large ] Baptist place of worship at Liverpool was opened in which there is a "novelty " in the ■ arrangement of an " nnderground ladies' dressing-room,'' suitably fitted up in obargo of a female attendant, where ladies may leave mackintoshes, cloaks, Ac. It strikes .me that,' as a baptistry is.'an Indispensable complement to a Baptist ohapel, thera in nothing very wonderful In a dressing-room being provided for the oomfort of ladies after .immersion; and, in oold weathar a blazing fire in the dressing room grate wonld be a eensible addition to the "arrangements," to pay nothing-to a tumbler of hot elder wine and water. . Truth is a great deal Btranger than fiction, bnt it is startling to find the grotesquely imagl-' nary followed and seemingly imitated by. the terribly real. The members of a French family; six in number, lately, oommitted '. snioide1 by hanging themselves. The father "showed the Wiy," and tho carnival of self-slaughteri was completed by the eldest son, aged 28, and his sister, a girl of 18. Now what is this harrow ing story bnt a realiitio parallel of the bailed of *• A Horrible Tale," wnten bv ,the late E. L. Blauchard for Mc-'J. L. Toole? The first, mention of mioidal mania in Mr. Blanohard'e poem was of " The brother a mcSst determined leller" who " strangled hisself with a gingham nmbreller." The Parisian tragedy, it is tone, omits one of the poet's most conspicuous oharaotors— The fly on the celling: hie case was tho wuat 'un; He blew hisself up with spontaneous combustion. One of the most awfnl confessions that has lately been revealed is that j net .made by Mr. G R. Sims io the Referee. The distinguished' writer of "Mustard and Cresa " has not, it is i gratifying to know, owned to having oommitted' the hitherto undiscovered crime of "choking the boy with the doff, and ramming it down with a mopatick " But he pleads 3uilty to a far heavier impeachment than the foregoing. Hia turpitude almost equals that of the hardened criminal who " ate pnppy-pie under Harlow Bridge." "Dagonet, whom we all admire and like so, racially confesses that he is irretrievably intemperate in the way of tarte. and tea! He oannot pus a pattoyoook's shop' without outing wolfish eyes on the "twopenny jams" within; and his constant ory to his parlourmaid. Is " Folly, pat the kettle on," . , njr __ i_. with a view to more ana more tea. - Weil, Voltalre'e thirst for coffee was insati-' able, and he lived to a good—or bad?—old age Charles the Fifth continually hankered alter piokled partridges,, washed down by alternate draughts of Rhine wine and faro beer. Yet do I rentare to think that Mr. Bims might onre himself of tart-aud-tea intomperaEoe if he would follow my humble advice. • He' is wealthy. His volition is strong. Let bim open a pastrycook's shop and servo behind the oonnter himself. I will warrant that, ere a month has passed, be will care naught for tarta; nay, or for jam puffs, bath buns,- " oyliudrios," sausage.rolls, minoe-ples, or the geological preparation known as Sootch-bon. As for the tea-trouble, I shall be most happy to lend him 1 old Dr. Salmon's "Family Dictionary," pub lished in the reign of Queen Anne, wherein he will find that a deoootion of sloe-leaves Ui (u cheaper, ! wholesom'er, - mora i refreshing, and mora "aromatio" beverajge than Souohong or Bohea. I ahonld like to sea Mr. Q. Rrfiltag after a oonrje ofjfiOe-.le»ves:. _ • • The accomplished Oanon HarforJ^^Soaehor poot, sculptor, painter, and ltnuslQiao,.''ah'done of dear Gustavo Dora's "moBt trusted; IJijgUgb friends, la the eooretaify^ of the newly estab lished <?nild of St. Oeoilia whioh seekgitdpra mote the restoration to health" "Of'invalids by means of playing* and singing to theth'. -•■'A n. hearsalof thoohoir has' already taketfplioe at the Westminister Palaoe'Hotelw Ifihould like to. know what: that exceptionally : sensible physician, Dr. Mortimer Gran villa, has to say to the Sc. Geeilta Guild project: I'do not like to "ohaff" itbeoaoBe I hold it to baabioldtely wiohed to deride any proposal clearly made fn .good faith, and the purpose of whioh""is to diminish the dreadful sum Of "human paid and snffering. • hi . . • •. . • r Speaking solely' from my own' experience, which, in the way'of agony, has boon consider able, I should say that mnslo for convalosoanta and for very aged and bed-ridden people may ba tolorabie, bat that whon yon .ara'aoiuallj snffering from illness any kihd of,mnslo', Vooal or instrumental, is less ealotilated to soothe than to drivo you raving mad. • : • 1 ' ' _ 