THE YOUNG FOLKS. CAPTIVE ANIMALS. in tne course of some interesting gossip on the treatment of animals in captivit,-, a con temporary gives tho following: Nature, when she wanted to go grotesque, exhausted her capacities when she patented a mandrill. This baboon lias a mu/^qsuch as would be manu factured by an artnTic upholsterer who hai pleated together protty folds of blue and light purplish pick stuffs. Although his head decoration is so Hittingui, his beauty is but skin deep, for ho enjoys the reputation of being an exceedingly wicked baboon—'“ Keal mean,” said the keeper. The singularity of his head colours makes the mandrill a popular show animal. IIo is an expensive brute, requiring great care. Tho difficulty in captivity is to get turn over his second year, for the older he is the more conspicuous is that painted face of his, which would make any self-respecting ghost-dancing Indian jealous. “ This mandrill, now in his third year,” said the keeper, “ is getting along very well. We watch his con dition carefully. "Wo give him raw eggs every day, and he shall have somo now.” The man drill clutched a conple of eggs offered him, was careful to hide the ouo he did not hold, and commenced nibbling the shell of one. Now he flirted all the white into his mouth, not spilling a drop, and then put the whole shell in his maw. Next he tilted back his head, and »o took down the yolk. “He enjoys that very much. I give him rum, a regular milk punch, every day, and li6 puts it down os if he liked it.” “ But temperance people always point to the the moral that perverted man is the only crea ture who indulges in spirits.” “Well,it may “not be natural to that mandrill in Africa to get his toddy, but he couldn't manage without it now. It’s medicine, of course. Now come and look at our giraffe. Ho is in splendid condi tion. The trouble about such a big boast in confinement is that he is forced to stand in one position too long. Everything depends on having a dry bed for him. The least damp about his feet, and ho would get cold, and that would soon end him. As you see, tho weight comes ou his cleft forefeet, and one of them has spread a good deal, and we will have to clip it. He eats crushed oats, the best clover hay, apples, carrots, and has his quart of milk with his water every day. Now you shall see our lions and tigers. Here we have a brace of fairly lively lion whelps and two young tigers. It is not exactly a happy family, but in time they will get used to one another. Oh, those spats don’t amount to anything. You see the trouble about those tigers? Isn’t it a pity r” I did look, and—distressing sight!—the tigers tails were scarcely a foot long, and a bobtailed tiger no more looks natural than does a Manx cat. That was one of our great misfortunes, and just one of those things that can't be always guarded against. One night, after ex hibiting, we had to strike tents, and move off in double quick time. Somebody in the dark wheeled the van with these two sweet tigers near those dratted hyenas. The tigers flirted their tails. That was exactly what the hyenas were looking for. Just a couple of snaps, and the job was done, and the value of there tigers diminished So per cent. You bid bitter not stand too close. AH there animals have a mighty long reach, and they can give you a clip before you know it. There really is more danger outside of the cage than in it- There are tew tilings sharper than a tiger’s claws. See.” Thereupon the keeper drew out of hit pocket a small handful of claw points. The edges were as sharp as steel, with fish-hook curvet. "We have to cut their claws quite often. Whenever we introduce a new lion, tiger, leopard, or panther to its mates in a cage, we leave to the newcomer all his power of defence so far as daws go, and lessen the offensiveness of the rest of them by clipping their claws. It never fails that the animals in the cage at once go for the stranger. They don't bite him, but go in for clawing him. When they find after a while that he can claw too, and better than they, they let him severely alone. If we didn't do that, the new beast would have his hide aU cut. It’s not an easy thing to do to clip a lion's or a tiger’s daws, or to perform an operation on them, as drawing out a el aw or palling a tooth. It takes a fall tad tackle, a half-dozen strong ropes, and as many men. The most trouble some rope is the one to be put around the neck. The brute would choke himself if not for the precaution we take to secure one foreleg with his shoulder in the noose. Other ropes are attached to his fore leg and hind ones, and he is stretched on his side, and is as helpless as a log. The ropes have an arrangement when the oper ation is over which at once loosens them. Then it is just ss if you had coiled up a thousand horse-power steel spring, and let it go sadden. The van just vibrates. Lion* suffer from lung troubles snd rheumatism. We give them milk, quinine, ram. Sometimes, when off their feed, a live chicken will temp a lion or a tiger. The tiger will play with a chicken jnst as a cat does with a mouse—kind of enjoying it. They often have milk. We use great care in butchering their meat, and watch out for splinters of bone which would choke them.” 