Dead. A COLONIAL EXPERIENCE. (By J. MÜBIP, for the MCÏEB. ) . I say, Swain,' said tho overseer,.looking in. at the door of tho 'bachelors' hall' one .fine morning as wo wore sitting at break- fast, 'I want you to take Gipsy to-day, rido over to Unilla, and seo Phillips, the shepherd, you know. No Ouo has beon that way for a week. See how he is getting on with the sheep, ask him about dingoes, rations, and ¿o on. He's a fresh hand ; find out what he's like.' 'All. right,' I replied carelessly; 'I understand. Wh are is G ipsy 1 ' . Oh, you'll find her ready in tho yard,' he answered aa ho turned to address another, who, like myself, wa3 seeking colonial experience, and added 'Don't ride the mare too fast.' There W»B a 60 miles journey, there and. back, before me, and every appear- ance of a hot day. So I hurried through ray unpretentious meal with the intention of getting as much of thc business done in the cool as possible. It wasn't long before I had Gipsy out and ready for a start. As I put my foot in the stirrup one uf the knockabouts came up and said, ' You are going to Unilla to day, sir, ain't you 1 If Phillips has a letter or anything for me will you try to bring it V . 'If it isn't anything bulky, of course, Brown,'I made answer, and rode off. * How elate, light-hearted, a youth feels starting out for a good spin through the bush on a bright, calm morning, such as I well remember this to have been 1 Everything looks so demurely peaceful and quiet, and Nature's face puts one in mind of a bright, healthy child, .juit^ awakening from a deep refreshing sleep.' How often in after years havel looked back with ploasure, even in the remem- brance of the wildly buoyant^ sensations instilled into one's, soul by this simple ECene of warm tranquility ! It has the power to impart, somehow, a desire to rush, to fly through it all. At least, so it affected me ; and when a bend in the track hid me from tho homestead, conveniently forgetting the advice tendered as to furious riding, I drove the spurs into Gipi*y with a whoop and went as if the devil were at my Heels. This pace I kept up till, fearing the mare would show "signs", and, as the greater part of the distance had been covered, discretion suggested the advisability of allowing her to tako it more leisurely. ; Soon after entering Unilla paddock, and whilst yet about three miles from my destination, I came across one or two Bmall mobs of. sheep, but failed to make ¿ut any indications of the shepherd's proximity. ! - v ' This looks bad for-Phillips," I mut- tered, and coo-eed. But there' came no response. I was about starting Gipsy again into a canter, but, noticing she had not yet done blowing, refrained, and let the reins fall loosely on the pommel.' I thought it about time for a smoke and had taken out thé inevitable pipe, when a sud- den lurch threw both it and the tobacco to the ground. Aa I gripped the reins I looked to see What thé mare had- shied at .-merely a sheet bf- paper whirlihg.about in a small column of dust. She galloped a little before I could pull her in. Then I turned and:rode back to regain posses- sion of the missing articles. My search brought me close to the sheet of paper, now lying motionless on the ground. There was writing on it. -1 took it up aimlessly. ' 'A poetical effusion, by Jove!' I ex- claimed and read . "0 Seven Dials, my peaceful home ! . .1: O Whitechapel, my childhoods' Joy t -, 0 Rosemary Lane, where I used to roam Each Sunday morning, a happy boy ! ' . " ' 0 tell me not that love is sweet ! ? . 0 whisper not that brandy's strong ! 0 grant me peace, I bec:, entreat, - Ye haunting echoes of that vile song ! 1 walk, I run, 1 yell, I fly ! I lay down quiet and try to read, Bñt phantoms mutter ' You mnst die,' \- ? ? 'Gire up the ghost t' 'tis M decreed.' My brain's afire. O ere I'm dead (You'l find me somewhere round, the tent) I'll place what 'cooked' me near the .bed" It finished abruptly. No name was appended, but I guessed the writing tobe Phillips,'! who, by the bye, although being a new hand about the p'ace, had the reputation ; of . being , somewhat ? of a.- wag. This production, was. certainly rather peculiar.' I endeavored to supply the missing line, but failed to think of anything to finish with. . However, ! determined to make out what sort .of a fellow the writer of it was during- our coming interview, and, if possible, what meaning, if any, could have been attached to the rhyme. The track now ran by the horse-paddock fence. . The .next turn .would shrine us in sight of the . tent. I jooked ahead to see how far this, bend was off, and caught sight of a swagman coming towards, me. As he caine up he uttered the. usual 'Good-day? 'Good-day,'I responded, and stopped ' to inquire,'.' Have you seen the shepherd \ I've seen his sheep scattered through the paddock, bub no: signs of himself. Is he ? at the tent?' ' - ~ " \ ' I was -making for the station,' he ?began j then paused and fidgeted with the atrap rover his shoulder. I gazed at him silently for a moment, and was about asking what was wrong, when ho con- tinued, hesitatingly,4 He's down there I found him-in the creek-dmd / ' . 4 Good - heavens, man ! ' I\ cried, excitedly. ' Why didn't you say so at once ? ' 'Well, I didn't like to-be mixed UP-' : ' AB he spoke, the unfinished rhyme recurred to my memory, and . the line, - '' You'll lind what cooked me near ¡ ; the bed," ' caused me, without another word, to go off in a gallop in the direction pf the tent. It was soon in sight, pitched on a slight eminence about 400 yards from the well and creek. Arriving thore I dismounted hastily : and, throwing the bridle over a post , fixed outside: for that purpose, entered. .The first thing that caught my eye. was the bed or bunk, Btanding opposite the 'entrance. I strode; over. . The blanket! Were tumbled about, and the pillow had fallon underneath. There was at itt head a little stand or sheet for holding tobacco, matches, t&c;, (no doubt Phillips, like many others, used to smoke during the night) and on it was laid a crumpled sheet of note-paper. Thinking hore maj bo information, I took it up and read what I was surprised to find wa« another rhyme, this time entitled "B.'t Lament."- . "My friend, good-bye, I'm doomed to die ; I leav< you thia lament, my all Lost night I slept, but soon I wept ; for oh, I heard , '.' the Banshee's call 1 Twasn't a common Banshee, no ; me thinks-it was s mighty hort. At first it whispered soft and low, then fiercely tbun< dercd ' Give up the ghost 1' Alas, 'tis so decreed ; farewell ! I feel it in my hean -adieu. This humble rhyme cf Mine will tell how, at death'i door, I thonglWof you." And there was a P. S.-"If I could raise tho cash to purchase a bottle of brandy I ' might be enabled tc put off tho fatal hour. Yours despond' ingly, B." ' What the dickens can be the meaning of this.'T wondered. Can it really bo but, hang it all 1 No-impossible !' I hurriedly examined under the blankets, glanced over the contents of the rough table at the side, but could not find auything likely to ba the cauBe of a man's committing suicide. The hurried search being in vain (I had hoped that by learn- ing tho causo I would tho better know how to act should lifo not be extinct) ] rushed across to the creek; and, imme- diately on reaching the bank, I caugh'l sight of tho body lying at full lengtl beneath a low bush. ! The swagman had returned, and wat sitting on his bundle, coolly smoking ac he gazed at the corpse. '_. ;In a'molnaenb'.I was kneeling by the shepherd,:and put my hand tremblingly bnhiaheart? y What i: Jsit.î .Yes! Thank heaven; it was beating!. But, hèavens,\ whatt smell bf brandy V '; y * You villain,' I roared, 'japing up an; glaring fiercely ' at the stranger, who sat watching my movements in calm surprise. . You told mo he was drad !' 'Yes; dead-drunk !' he answered. . I believe he imagined I was slightly inclined that way myself ' I met a chap,' he went on, ' who. told me the shepherd had been buying a bottle to send to a mate, and I suppose he had a spree himself whilo 'twas about.' ' 