NEW GUINEA AND MELANESIA. Victoria, apart from any sentimental reason arising from geographical propinquity and the future manifest destiny of the Australasian race to rule over all the adjacent islands, has a very direct interest in New Guinea, inasmuch as she has guaranteed n sum of £5000 a year towards tho expenses of its Government, an obligation which will not come to an end before 1897. Any information whioli can bo obtained upon the prospcots for Now Guinea to becomo a pros perous and self supporting colony is tboreforo extremely usoful. Of course, if rich gold fields should be discovered the question would bo very cosily settled. The island would bo "rushed" by miners, especially from Northern Queensland, where tlicy are already half acclimatised to tho climato of Now Guinea, and although scores would die from malarial fever, tho survivors would bo numerous enough to give the colony a fair start. But from all tho information available it does not appear that the gold fields of Now Guinea are abnor mally rich, although thcro is no doubt a largo area of ground whioli would pay for work ing if it were in a locality moro accessible and less unhealthy. Tho next question is whether New Guinea will prove attractive and profitable to a class analogous to tho planters of Batavia and Coylon, who will cultivate tropical produce by means of colored labor, whether Coolies from India, Kanakas from Melanesia, or tho natives from New Guinea themselves. For whatovor may bo tho case in Queensland, it is impossible for whito men to work on planta tions in New Guinea. Upon this latter point muoli light is thrown by a work rcoently published, entitled Two Years Among the Savages of I Vcw Guinea, by Mr. IV. D. Pritohard, a gentleman who dates his work from an English vicarage, and is a member of the Geographical Society of London and Man chester, but who resided for somo years in Queensland, and many months in Now Guinea. He writes as a practical man, and giveB no infor mation except that which he obtained from personal observation. A perusal of tho work has enabled mo to understand much better than formerly the des patches of Sir "William /.Macgrogor and tho various Blue Books upon New Guinea which have been published from time to time. Mr. Pritchard took up his quarters 'on the Island of Samarai, in China Straits, 'which ho Bays form the loveliest and moat picturcsquo harbor ho has over Been, and' beats Sydnoy and the Cove of Cork. He took up his abode with a trader, and as tho residence of the latter wns hot and by no means healthy the idea occurred to them to build a nativo house in the sea, a common custom, in New Guinea as a safeguard agaiust hoatilo tribes. "Having decided to emulate their' oxnmplo, we inter viewed two chiefs .of Sariba, Peter and Siliweddo, told them 'what was required, and entrusted them ,to got plenty of natives and start tho worlr'at onoo. Tho prico to bo paid wns 'trade' to tho-'volue of £4 10s. The two chiefs" received a'; little moro than tho laborors . and did not work, merely superintending the /erection j that is to sny, they smoked clay pipes and obewed botel nuts. . . I drew on tho beach a rough ground plan of tho house, showing the length and breadth, the divisions of tho rooms and tho two verandahs Peter, tho nativo oliicf of Sariba, who was presont, measured tho plan with a piece of cane, marking the longth aud breadth, rolled it up and pat it in his substitute for a pocket. Ho went home to his island, and in a few days came back with several largo canoes witli all the necessary logs, timber, &c.;, lashed to thcin, also tho sago palm leaves for tho roofing, cane for splitting into laths, and when tho house was finished there was very little material left. How ho managed to caloulato so nicely I do not know, but, of course, he had considerable oxporienco in building nativo bouses. The roof was loftier than tho ordinary nativo one, but built of tho samo material. Thoro was not a single nail in tho building. It was built in tho sea in about 4 feet of water at low tido on the sea side, and on tho Bhora side connected witli the beach by a gangway. Tho natives liavo a curious way of driving tho piles. IVo gave them a rope, wliioh they fixed round tho head of tho pile, leaving two ends dangling. .Sovcral natives got hold of one end and several of tho other, pulling alternately until tho pile is worked down to the depth required. Thepilesaro inado of white mangrove, a strong wood and not too heavy. In order to prevent the ravages of tho cobra insect, which in salt water will work its way into blood wood core3, it is bet ter to tar tho piles well, and bettor still — though very expensive— to copper thorn all ovor. Tho flooring is mado of "'mntu,"akind of cane, which is plentiful in tho main land, tho walls of tho bark or Bkin of tho palm, and tho roof of tho leaves of tho sago palm, which havo to ho put on separately, tho leaves overlapping a little, and on tho outside somo branches of tho cocoanut palm aro placed. A houso of tiiis kind is quite rainproof, and if well constructed will keep in good condition for at least ton years. For health and coolness a house built of nativo material cannot bo benton, and it has tho additional advantage of cheap ness." According to Mr. Pritohard thoro aro three types of natives— Malay, Papuan and Poly- nesian. They have no form of religion, but they beliovo in devils, whom it is necessary to pro- pitinte. They believe that when a man dios his spirit tenants his former home; if ho die away from homo his spirit is lost Their mode of mourning is to paint themselves black. Tho women do most of tho work, but have considerable influence in thcfamily. "Tho children are bright, cheerful, happier and moro contented looking than any I havo ovor seen. They nro always at play, using tho spear in sham warfare, with a piece of wood for a shield, or they busy themselves in fishing or swim ming. Both men and women nro always joking and laughing. Lire seems to them one long holiday. All their wants, which aro not many, are supplied by Damo Nature — food, clothing, houses and weapons. One Btick makes a man a spear, two sticks rubbed together a fire, 50slicks tied together a house." Mr. Pritchard is obviously no great believer in civilisation. Lifo nt Samarai amongst tho natives was far pleasnntcr than amongst the colonists at Cook- town or tho Palmer gold fields. Tho natives live in villages, all tho houses standing on a regular lino, well built on blocks 5 to 6 feet from tho ground. Tho land is held by a family or tribe, and is divided and subdi vided, each household having a part portioned off, so that many natives aro interested in ono picco or parcel of land. The food consists of yams, taro, bananas, sago, cocoanuts, fish, pigs, birds, and occasionally human brings. The language is not unliico the Maori ; they know how to mako pottery, canoos and nets, are very olovor in fabricating sago from the sago palm, and manage to subsist upon it and cocoanut when tho yam harvest fails. Tho natives chow botel nut, of whioh they aro passionately fond, and havo recently developed a taste for smoking tobacco. In May, 18S8, the cutter Juanita from Cook- town, with eight prospectors, arrived at Samarai, and at an island called Sud-cst, 40 miles long by 8 broad, they obtained in two months 150 oz. of gold. This nows caused a rush from Cooktown of about 400 minors, who obtained several thousand ounces of gold, all alluvial, no quartz rcofs bciug discovered. Many men died from malaria, although Sud-ost is con sidered ono of the healthiest islands on tho const, the great sickness being caused by turn ing up tho virgin soil and so releasing the malarial germs. The island is well grossed, and has a nativo population of about 4000. A pnrty of miners prospcotod Bowel Island, the sccno of tho wreck in 1858 of tho St. Paul, with 350 Chinamen, all of whom wcro killed aud eaten by tho nativos. Tho prospectors visited, in addition to Bossel, St. Aignnn, Norinanby, Ferguson and Goodcnough Islands, but found nothing. - A few weeks later another party found two large gullies ait St Aignan which con tained "paying gold," and 100 men went thither from Sudest. Mr. Pritchard seems to think that, if the; search were undertaken by a properly equipped party,' gold might bo found ih largo . quantities on \tlio mainland of.;: New Guinea, . ' "k"./;. .. v. Mr. Pritchard mado a trading voyngo to Bismarck' Archipelago. Ho touched at Milne Bay,' wh'cro ' itliOrgreatcr quantity of copra is obtained, and Egum (Little WoodlarVs.j .Thcro ho was visited by tho chief and his wife, and a person called, " Tokdrakus," the dwarf, n;mah 3 "feet 6 inches in height, of d chocolate' color, 35 /years of ago, having a Herculean chest, with arms tho length of a child's. An- immense head covered with a mass of hair falling orf his .neck iu ringlets,' a flat lioso find amoutb stretch ing from ear to edit At Lngmndiere", oiiiTof tho Trobriiuid group, ho commenced to ' trado /with tho natives, an 'operation not altogether' unao- companied 'with - danger.. The nativo town off which tho cutter, was at anchor had a popula tion of 2000, .and his little vossel was surrounded with largo canoes. He allowed n fow'nativoa.to como on board,' but ' "kopt rushing;: to k'tlie: side of ' tho . vessel with.- a. drawn; sword slashing at the men in order to keep tliem in their canoos ; " once let a number obtain a' foothold on board, and you- put yourself in thoir "power. They may at any tiino "obtain possession qf-the vessel, .'and/then good-bye to' , dear life!" i The operation of trafficking in New Guined-vmtors must be as exciting and quite as dangerous as tiger shooting. "Tho whole livo long day one of us had to sit on the souttlo, keeping a sharp look out all round tho vessol, a drawn sword in hand, a loaded revolver iu his belt, and a couplo of Winchester rifles in tho cabin all ready for uso. The remaining two of us were engaged in bartering with tho natives for spears, alubs, shields, ' Clmnam ' casitc, woodon fishhooks, ebony pnper cutters,' and cvon 'gods.' "We also purchased about a ton of yams, which wo could easily dispose of to a great profit in New Britain. Our two native companions, Tokarakus and Ticrdiwaia, were unable to speak tho language of this part of New Guinea, and nil tho business had to ho done by signs. Tobacco was unknown, and nono was accepted. Hoop iron was tho great desideratum. Luckily wo had somo on board. "Wo also did somo trading in empty beer bottles, first drinking tho beer, and then exchanging tho bottles for hechc-do-mer. If this method of exohnngo would only last tho profits of tho bccho-do-mcr trade would bo en ormous. But after a time the natives got tired of glass bottles ; to hoopironthey were constant. With tho hoop iron they can improve tlicir tools and weapons, and thoy wcro careless about the quality, so that it was hoopiron." The trading over, Mr. Pritohard went ashore, and found that tho Trobriandcrs had just returned "from a predatory expedition, covered with glory and lndon with tho spoils of war." Tho next place visited was "Mioko," ono of tho Duko of York Islands, where tho Ham burg Plantation Company has a branch. There they were kindly treated by tho Gorman who managed the place, and whose principal occupa tion appeared to bo bartering for copra, but excellent coffeo was grown on tho plantation. Tho manager informed Mr. Pritchard that tho profits of tho branoh for tho previous year had been £1300. From Mioko they sailed to Balurac, in Now Britain, where they wont to a plantation owned by a lady who is ono of tho best business woman I ever met. She does all the correspondence, keeps tho accounts and personally superintends tho work of tho planta tion. Sho has a manager, and a very capablo ono, but sho beliovcs in having an eyo ovor all. This lady planter lias been estnblisliod at Ralumo for 10 years, and has managed to get 500 nores of rich soil into cultivation, cotton, coffeo and cocoanuts being grown. Tho work is done by black laborers, imported from tho Solomon Isles and New Ireland. She was tho widow of an Amorican, but wns herself a half casto Samoan. The only drawback to tho place is that thoro is considerable volcanic nctivity in tho neighbor hood, and olouds of smoko aro constantly issuing from fissures in the earth. Mr. Pritchard appears to have lost his heart to another half casto Samoan lndy, who was residing with tho fair planter, and a dinner party followed by a dance was improvised in his honor. But nil his experiences wcro not so ngreoablo, for he met a German, Count Pfeil, who acted as represen tative of tho Gorman Government, and imposed upon him a fino, ho not having reported tho arrival of tho craft. Severn Germans ro- sido in the neighborhood and rear casite. From Baluino he visited a native mnrkot at Blanche Bay, nnd found that tho New Britaius are so far advanced in commercial matters that they havo a' local coinage called " Tumbu," worth about 2s. per six feet, and formed of tiny whito shells, with their centres cut out. Somo of tho men wear this money in circles round their nocks. After purchasing a large quantity ofyains from the natives, who nro said to bo canni bals, Mr. Pritclinrdre turned toltalumc, and finally with somo difficulty made his way back to Samarai, having to bent against tho south-east trades. On tho passage, near tho north-east coast of New Ireland, ho passed tho spot where, in 1889, Charles Hunstein and his followers were swallowed up iu an oarthquako which coinplotely changed that apponranco or portion of the island. Tho captain of one of the Gorman New Guinea Company's steamers told Mr. Pritchard that tho earthquake so thoroughly altered tho wholo aspeot of the landmarks, and so much land had boon swallowed up, that, although familiar with the looality, he could only ascer tain his exact position by working it out by tho aid of his sextant and chronometers. Tho vessel readied Samarai in timo for Mr. Pritohard to bo present nt tho trial of a numbor of natives for killing tho master of tho trading -.kolok Star of Peace, and he aftar- wards made a voyage to tho mission station and colonial capital, Port Moresby. Of Sir "Wil liam Macgrogor, our author expresses a high opinion. ' ' He, is a hardy Scotchman, with a tall gaunt frame, and possessed of groat strength. . Ho began .lifo as a ploughman on a /farm. Hi was mainly solf taught, and by dint' of industry and perseverance rose to tho position of n doctor of medicine. He held the appointmcnt of Government health officer :in Fiji, and also took an active part in tho administration of that -colony. In August, 1888, lie was appointed Admiuistrator of British New Guinea. A hotter man for his post.it would ho diifioult to find. His energy is untir ing, and ,.by liis dogged determination ho manages to .overcome difficulties that would appear to others insuperable. His manners aro rather .uncouth, but tlicy arc suited to n wild and ruggeil country likoNew Guinea." The remaining portion of tho book is taken iip.with the melancholy etorieir of adventurers who havo been -killed by. natives and by narra tives of i Sir 'William Mncgregor's oxplorntions, most of which liavo been told boforo. Somo of Mr." " Pritoliar'd's.. conclusions are, liowevor, interesting! Ho udmits"lliat "the climato is very unhealthy, tho tropical sorub being- a harbinger of _ malignant fevers, malaria; j SSm,,,- and""i_f ./pill..- take years of cultivation before itnlters for tho bettor. Whcro thcro is little scrub and no swmnp, fever is not qiffe so provalont. Quinine is tho best remedy, ; lint should .be token -advisedly. " Ho considers thdtitho natives of New Guinea numbor at least :300,'00p;'faU that tho .race- shows no signs of decay. ' 'They are healthy and vigorous, and if tho intcr- tribal wars are stamped out the population is likely to inoicnso rather than to diminish. Ho considers that many undertakings might be profitably carried on, and montions pearl fishing, the collection of tho bSoke do mer or trepang, which is worth accord ing to its quality from £130 to £25 por ton, the mnnufaoture of copra from tho cocoa nut nnd tho cultivation of coffeo, tea, indigo, india- rubber, sugar, rico, tobacco and sago. Iu con sidering tbo feasibility of tbeso undertakings tho first question is, of course, that of labor. Mr. Pritchard thinks it would be quite possible to utiliso the natives as laborers. In addition to tho bouse to which I have previously re ferred he undertook several contracts, tho work being dono solely by natives. One of them was to clear a swamp, Bcores of acres in extent, of all the timber on it, cut it up into suitable lengths for building purposes, stack them outsido the swamp and burn the undorgrowth nnd small stuff. This work was performed satisfactorily, payment being made in hatchets, long knives nnd tobacco. Thcro was, liowovcr, some little difficulty about getting tho workcomploted. Tho counsel ho gives is, "Ncvor cheat tho nativos, and never allow them to cheat you. Treat them kindly, but with firmness, aud never lose your temper. Follow this advice and I can vouch for it you will find them tradable anil good work men. Unlike Australia, Now Guinea is uover subject to periodical droughts, and when it is bettor known British capital will bo introduced, industries will spring up, and the country will eventually be developed and bccomo tho home of many of our fellow countrymon." A muoh moro ambitious and well wittcn, but not perhnps moro useful, book is Dr. Codring- ton's The Mclancsians, Studies in Their Anthropology and folk Lore. Tho author, who wns formerly fellow of Wadbnm College, Oxford, nnd who wrote a work on tlio Melnncsian languages, wns a member of the Molancsian Mission, spent tlio interval botween 1863 and 1887 either at Norfolk Island or in Melanesia, New Britain, New Ireland, tho Solomon Isles' Santa Cruz nnd tho Now Hebrides, and ho has studied very closely tho habits, history, religion nnd traditions of tho islanders from tho point of view of I | and divino, and not of a 80,'0,1' I liko Mr. Pritohard. But it !« t0 V whethor his conclusions havo mucb1mo!'("1Sbl! I ticnl value. Ho admits that the 2 suffered in every respect from their inter, ! 1 mth Europeans " To the question X ? I Santa Cruz people shot at Bishop , party in 1864, when, as far as can bob, thoy had not any injuries from white nT? avenge, tho natives havo always ronliri V . their elder men had said that tlicso .(,! beings would bring nothing but harm and « ! it was well to drivo them away as to shooting at them they wcro ! men, nnd tlio arrows could not do them tn,i harm. It i, sad to think how general). A. older men have, from tkoir own point of , at least, been right; iron, tobacco, calico a wider knowledgo of tho world havo not com,, sated nativo pooplo for new diseases and it weakening of social bonds," Dr. CoilrincJ devotes much space to showing the olaborat precautions taken by tho Mclancsians tonics intermarriages amongst members of one famllr who wero descended from a common ancestor. A similar custom existed amoniil tbo nborigiucs of Australia, who wtte always much better aware of their pedigreo and relationship than is comma amongst tho great bulk of Europeans, macro! whom ore utterly ignorant of any ancestor beyond tlicir grandfather. Very curious is tt. information afforded about the laws of property I and inheritance which prevail throughout I Melanesia. A distinction is made between land f which has been inherited and that which hu 1 been reclaimed from tlio waste; there isuo I strictly communal property iu land, and in the caso of lauded and personal properly the original right of succession is with the sister's children, and not with the man's own. Iii Fiji, on tho othor hand, tho tenure of land is dis tinctly tribal, and tho tillo is vested in all tho full born members of tho tribe. Many of tlio sales of land to Euiopenns iu New Hebrides havo been mado by men whose only title to the land they have sold was their willingness to receive a certain quantity of calico nnd soma riflos. As a general rulo the father can givs land reclaimed by him to his sons, while land inherited passes to tlio children of his sister. In X'iji a soparato property frequently exists in I the land and tlio fruit trees upon it. The I chapters upon religion, sacrifices, prayer and spirits exhaust tbo subject. Dr. Oodrington denies most positively that the images of whioh tho Molnnesians nro so fond arc idols in tho sense of being worshipped; thoy wero ratlior tho memorials of deceased great mon whoso ghosts, visiting their accus tomed abodo, would bo ploascd nt suck marb of memory and affection, and irritated by die respect. Tliorc was no notion ot the ghost of tho dead taking up his abodo in tho image, nor was tlio imago supposed to havo in itself any supernatural oifionoy. Altogether, Dr. Codring- tou's work affords a great donl of information upon subjeots which liavo not been moro than glanced at by previous writers upon Melanosis, nnd will no doubt be regarded as the standard book upon tho subject. 