. UNSPOTTED FROM THE WORLD. CHAPTER VI. The day ia nearly clone. Of all the many hours that Captain Darrell had counted out, but ono re mains. But that one threatens to hang heavily on Psycho's hands. The big clock in the slable yarcl has only Just struck nine long-drawn strokes; and unless one be sick or soriy, or unless ono has a better excuse for fatigue than she has, one cannot well count it ton. Inside the house a deadly gloom, more deepened than relieved by the few dimly burning lamps that are sparsely scattered here and there, a horrible silence reigns supreme. Andrew and Mrs. Puggeridge are hobnobbing somewhere in the house keeper's room, and might be a hundred miles away for till that can bo heard of them j the two buxom country girls who make up the meagre list of servants have gone to bed with the lark, to rise again with him ; and to all intents and purposes Psyche is absolutely, Utterly alone. But if there is gloom inside the house, there'is. certainly none outside. A full pale-faced moon and an innumerable host of stars are making the park and the gardens almost as light and a great deal more beautiful than at mid-day. The fairness of the night tempts Psyche to open the door and look out ; and looking out, she no longer hesitates. Though it is certainly over-late for ?wandering about alone, on the other hand- it will be a far pleasanter way of getting through the hour that yet re mains ' on her- hands than by sitting within doors, starting ^nervously at the scuttling of the rats behind the wainscot, at the creaking of the doors, at the very rustle of-her own gown. The ''house 'has a 'thousand nameless terrors ' for her— terrors which not all her philosophy can overcome ; but at the £ rsb soft breath of the evening wind, with the first look; up into the unutterable serenity of the sky above her head, they all~vanish-as- by magic. There is no room for terror on such an evening as this. . Th6 'flowers are lying drenched in their- night-bath of dew ; the trees are shaking tlieir boughs and whispering to each' other ? 'now and again a wakeful bird chirps drowsily to his mate, or one that has been belated, seeking, perhaps, for food for the little ones in his nest, flies dairkly across the clear, pale sky. Far away in the pastures, a cow is low ing for her calf. .. But there is not a sound or a sign of human life anywhere. Yet for all that, she is nob afraid, as she had been in the house. The quiet of the night seems to soothe the passion ate disquiet of her heart. She isin a dangerous mood, oneof those moods in which that spirit of evil who figures in our childish imagination in personal guise finds his best opportunities It is not easy for any of us, having stretched out, timidly enough, a right hand of reconciliation, to find it flung hack in our face. .Neither is it easy to endure meekly and patiently ,1 rank and palpable injustice whence most we have a right to expect justice. Indeed, of all human wrongs human injustice is per haps the greatest. The sense of it rankles in Psyche's heart with a bitter ness that' is not to be understood except by those who have suffered it. ' Why should he hate me 1 ' sho said to herself again and again, lifting a pale passionate face to the untroubled sky. ' He does not hate Dorothy. I will not hear it I' But all the while she knows it is but an impotent protest. She must bear it. 'In all this wide earth there is no other home that will shelter her bub this one, where she is so little wanted. Nowhere to go to I ' she cries to her self,' with none bub the flowers and the trees to hear her. 'No one to love me!' But even as she says it her cheek flushes, ana her head droops with sudden remembrance — not of Dorothy. It is the very nature of such a quiet and steady love as Dorothy's that it should go uncounted — be taken as a matter of course — to be remembered perhaps when all others fail— but not now, when — in spite of her anger — in spite of her despair, a greater and wider possibility lies stretching out before her in that . vague unknown that, if one be very young, seems so infinitely tempting. There lies her danger. Rebuffed on the one side, wounded and mortified , beyond ' telling, her thoughts turn naturally enough to the one who has never, rebuffed — never wounded her ; , who has, on the contrary, fed her to her , hearVs content with the delicate flattery of eye's and lips. ' ' Again and again she goes over in her , heart every word he has spoken, every- , look that has told her, as well as look ? can tell, how lovely he has found her. \--Her heart is empty indeed — swept and garnished— ready for any love, good , or bad, to enter in and dwell there. Not that she counts Captain Darrell as her lover. She has, indeed, too little vanity to suppose that any man would; , so readily fall in love with her. For ( her unpampered life has had that one; advantage, ' that it certainly has not , fostered any tendency to suppose herself . attractive. But her thoughts turn to , the remembrance of his undisguised ad miration, his open friendliness, with a gladness that is in itself sufficiently perilous could;she understand it. Her- idle, aimless footsteps have led ; her through winding paths, through ; gardens and shrubberies, to whose un- . kempt, weed-grown luxuriance the pale moonlight is more fiiendly than the un- ( flattering daylight— marking indeed, no wide difference between weeds and flowers, bramble-bushes and shrubs — until she has reached a place where the park palings, broken a good deal short of their normal height and a miracle of picturesque decay, overlook a pretty grassy lane that leads straight down to i tbe high-road, Leaning her elbows on tho mossy rotten woodwork, and hor chin on her hand, she looks wistfully across the meadows at the distant lights that, glimmering among the trees, mark the big house where Sir Adrian Darrell lives. ' He will be gone soon,' she thinks, not of Sir Adrian, but of tho nephew who so seldom throws away his time in the pursuit of innocent country plea sures ; ' and I shall never see him again. Perhaps some day, when Sir Adrian is dead, he will come and live here — but I shall be an old maid then, and my hair will be grey and my cheeks all wrin kled.' Sho has plenty of time for these cheering reflections, for there are not many passers-by to interrupt- tbem. An old woman, bent so low with her bundle of sticks and her weight of weary years that she cannot see God's sky above her head nor all the sweet and lovely things around her, but only the ground beneath her tired feet ; a laborer, stumbling homeward, half blind with toil, or with drink — who shall say 1 — a little child toddling by the hedge row, with its small tat hands heavily laden with spring flowers, who, paying small heed to the admonishing of another child of the lateness of the hour, but catching sudden sight of Psyche's white figure, is impelled to such sudden quick ening of his iincortaiu footsteps that he tumbles head-foreoiost into the ditch, and is picked up howling with fear — probably to carry with him to the grave a firm belief in ghosts. Psyche has hardly done laughing at this untoward effect of her white gown — for at nineteen it is, after all, easier to laugh than to cry — when another footstep, altogether different from these others — deliberate, yet not tired— firm, yet not heavy, makes her start erect and listen with palpitating heart and kind ling eyes. A bend in the road turns suspicion into certainty. By the clear pale light j of the moon she sees the broad square ' shoulders, the well-set figure she knows so well. His hands are in his pockets, his head a little thrown back, and a cigar in his mouth. A moment ago sbc would have given the half of her pos sessions, which are not many, to he j quite sure that she would ever see him again: — she would have counted the chance of meeting him here a chance so remote as to' be j.ast praying for ; but being assured of a sudden that lie is within a few paces ot her, that she has only to stretch out her hand' and she may touch him — only to speak his name and his voice will answer her, an un fathomable and newly-born timidity makes her shrink back and try to hide herself among the bushes out of his sight. ? Had she remained quiet the chances are that he, turning his head neither to the right .nor to the left, but strolling along in meditative after-dinner tran qnlity, would have passed her by as the old woman and the laborer had done — unnoticed ; but the sudden rustle among the bushes makes him look round, and in a moment he has cast his cigar into a ditch, and has sprung towards her. ' You /' he cries, in a voice in which supiise and delight contended for the mastery. 'Who would have dreamt of seeing you here I Is'— with sudden nan;eless fear — ' is anything the matter ?' ' Nothing,' she says, with a small smile, recovering her composure as she sees him on the point of losing his. In deed, she is a little surprised, and not a little elated, to find her sudden appear ance has produced so great an effect upon him. ' Nothing whatever' I only came here to meditate.' . 'To meditate?' laughing aloud in his relief. ' What a cheerful spot to choose I Have you been studying Young's ' Night Thoughts' or Hervey's ' Meditations among the Tombs ?' ' Then changing his tone, 'What are they thinking about — what are they doing to let you come out by yourself in such a place as this at ton o'clock at night?' 'As a matter of fact,' she answers gaily, ' it is not ten o'clock ; it cannot be more than half-past nine. And as for the. rest, did I not tell you — do you not know, that I am absolutely alone— that there is no one to think, much less to care, where I come or go 1 After all,' with a smile, ' it is a freedom that many people might be inclined to envy me — I ought not to quarrel with it.' Under the light tone there is so evi dent a soreness— the face upturned to his, looks in the pallor and softness of the moonlight, so far more lovely than ever it has looked in the radiance of daylight, that his heart is drawn to her with so irresistible, so overmaster ing a tenderness, that for a moment he dares hot speak — lie cannot trust him self. But the look in his eyes needs indeed no words to interpret it. ' As a matter of fact,' she goes on quickly, embarrassed a little by his silence, but more by his look — 'do not laugh at me— but I was frightened to stay .my longer indoors. I am al most sure,' lowering her voice, and coming a little nearer to the paling that divides them, ' that there are ghosts in the house. Nurse told mo so many stories about the portraits of my grand fathers and grandmothers that hang all over the place, that they seemed to me like real people — I hardly, dared: to look over my shoulder just now, I: was so sure that I should see some of them behind me. At any rate' laugh-; ing, 'if there are no ghosts there- are. , i-ats, and they are nearly as bad. It is! not nearly so frightening out here.' ; , 'You poor little thing,' said Darrell, compassionately ; ' upon my word it is. : a horrible shame. At any rate,' reso-' lutely, 'you shall not go back alone.; I Will see you safe home.' , 'Tncleed, you will not !' vory quickly.; ' I will not hear. of it.' 'Will .you not?1' with a twinklo of luisc'.iief in his eyes. ' Suppose I do' nob ask your permission?' ' You will have to go nearly a quarter' of a mile round to the lodge gates to get in at all,' sho cries with a triumphant conviction of having tho bettor of him. ' And by that timo I shall be safe at home.' ' Will you 1' laughing. ' Stand back ! look out?' And in a moment, beforo she under stands what he is going to do, he has leapt over tho paling, and is standing by her side, having niantouvred adroitly to avoid knocking her over altogether.' ( To be Continued.) 