How a Good Ship was v- Lost. * On the night of October 27'h, 184-2, the good ship M Mary ompton," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful grilo off the ooast of North America. Tho wind blow furiously, but tho weather was dear, and (ho Captain expected overy moment to get sighl of tho light in tho lighthouse on tho Iron YJtoofc Shoals. Tina lighthouse marked the ?l; entranco to tho harbour. Onco there, and r'thoy wero safe. Sure of hie position, he v eailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces, Four mon, including the Captain, wero saved. On reaching the shore they found a strango thing had happened. An enemy of tho lighthouso keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hopo is tho moBt important lighthouse in the j world. What shall bo said of tbo man who darkons it in tho face of a storm-tosBed spirit ? 11 You are beyond human aid." These words wore said by & physioian to a woman who had come to consult bira. Admitting that bo thought bo, had ho tho right to say ao? No; for ho might be wrong-and in any caso he bad no business to put out tho . ight. This woman bad been ill for some timo. In Juno, 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms, Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her hoad whirled Mand," sbe said, "all . objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to bold herself up or sit down for fear of -falling. Sbo broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked ber frame so that she cuuld not lie down in bed , and Bleep. 141 could scarcely crawl about tho house," !(fiho aaya, "I was so we?k. I tried different romedies and medicines without avail. I y, went to the dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me tho worst. Bis \- answer was, ' I have mixed * you some medi oine ; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. '*1 talked with two other physicians. The last one said, ' You are pant human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I had five 1 little children, and my death would leave J them without a mother's love and care. I ..wont homo and cried till I was sick. X had ? no appetite and bad lost flesh till I woe thin ras a ghost I My mother came to see mo and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. n At this timo I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East-street, Leeds (where I lire), bad been cured by Mothor Soigei's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesaon's, ; the Chemist, in Groat Gardon-streot, and got a bottlo. A few doses stopped tho vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt bettor. Soon X could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished tho second bottlo I had got . over - all my bad symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. j "£ should havo taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and wo had only a trifle ooming In from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it cured me, bad o£ as I was. All my frionds and neighbours know the facts I have related, and I wil! reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mm. Ann Mills, 40, Broad'Street, York Hoad, Leeds. This was a oase of indigestion and dys pepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had; affected tho nervous aystom. A few montlis, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wrong to wait one hour for any reason, after .having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup bad done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 