OUR LONDON LETTER. London, August 1. The Times throws up the sponge at last. The Wishech election has brought just this much enlightenment, and there is no more h?Pp,. in .that 'quarter, ■oE i &7,yictory rnJtr ;tho Getioml Ejection.'. .Mi\ Gladstone hasarguecl tbafctho Liberal victories .at Abe by-elections ,augur a,cortim triuraph-when.; Parliament is dissolved ; andatJaat.the Times admitsUtjiat •Uq is. right, is viio uso .forithoUnionifit journals to i-.tcll/ thoir.party that the ground is being lost by, apathy; f Thera m ha apathy Whatover;'The xon'Cs 5 ; worked'VMfthfhliy' in : Wisbech. Thoy.did nil that it, .was possiolc :for_mortal..wirepullers‘to do.., They .know that the loss of another county scat would lie tOi thu Govornment. - They did i; their bestfe.stem the tide of- revolution in ' I' the; ngrioulliiral,, qoustitiipnoics,'' which wil 1 ’ submerge thorn, at 1 tho'General Election.,. It 1 was, .air of no avail; because, as the Times mournfully admits, tho "cbentry has prao-. tioally made • up its mind to have another, .period.: nil Liberal > administration;' /.’Nobody .knows, this l)ctier than. .Lord;,Salisbury,.abd his recent ■ utterances, . botL -public dbd pri vate,. bavp madb it Clear ’that no is preparing, , to go into Opposition. " > ' ’ " } 1 Cardinal Manning received many kindly ■messages -on his eighty-third birthday. ' - By. ■post and' telegraph congratulations from -./per sonal friends, from, all classes in tho'Catholic. Chinch, and from world associations Continually derived, whileastream ,of inscribed tthoir\names in 5 tho visitors’ book dt Westminster 'House. -Baskets and~ bouquets Of- dowel's:, panic ,-in such ■ abunddneoj that a room.-had to ho specially set -apart for their reception. Nothing touched his .Eminence imoso-than the greetings- of j labor /or gahisdtidna. in whose struggles had'-in terested himself. - The - Cardinal; 1 though weak' in health, waaabloio go f out in the afternoon to see the panorama' of the Cruoi fix II is ‘ Eminence's intellect isos cledr.and as active, os over; and ho is reported to be only too .eager to, continue his literary work. Last many of the humbler ranks of his flock. ' including' members ,ot the Catholic Total Abstinence Jjcaguo of the Gross, -called at the Archbishop!s' house ;to offer thoir con gratulations.', S >; Sir Roger Palmar,' who has been appointed ;Colonel'of,tlio 20th Hussars, won’ at'one time in tho 2nd Life Guards, but before that in tho 11th Hussars, 1 , with which regiment ho served, in,. the Crimen. Ho is consequently, oho of the sufvivOrk of the Balaclava Charge, .into wHich-his rogmiont was led by tho ” last of the Cardigans. " Other . well-known por isons who also took‘part in that deed of valor are Lord j Tredegar, .Lord ,i Hylton, and Sir 'George Wombwoll. Sir Roger Palmer, though his; iproperty; • is chiefly in. Ireland, i is also .possessed of* .an estate in Shropshire, and a ohnrming residence. on- tho Thames, near Boulter’s Look. \- i-have ~ ofton - wondered that'tho incident : which ,disturbod thp Strangers’; Gallery in tho Ho'uso of Commons Tost night and upset tho equanimity pf n the .Sorgeant-at-Anns, is not of frequent occurrence. , A. man .with a grievance and lots of dpaumento gets access to the gallery. Presently lie throws his docu ments down upon the floor of the Houso N Then ho is,arrested, by-thq breathless officials {andVromoxed '. beyond': the precincts of tho house. No harm happens to him, and be is . in no. dangervpf^beipg'prosecuted So. as a matter of fact, ho has triumphantly.effected his . purpose—his : . documents have attracted attention. There-is no why bo should npkhayo imitators... Some.day the.Strangers’ Gallery:may ho. occupied . by . a considerable number of gentlemen with. grievances, who will'pelt the House with pamphlets. \ I am glad to she that Lord Hugh Cecil, youngest son of the Premier; has • succeeded n obtaining a' flrst-olass in the honors'sohool ; of modbrn history at Oxford. "Lord Robert Cecil likewise obtained a first-class at Ox ford; bat 1 that was in law, : Lord Crnhbburno 1 got a - second -in •history; and’" Lorli William Cpcilj.yfho; took up tho same sub ject, was, oven lower down still, I fancy, in the class, list Lord Hugh undoubtedly is .possessed & „ certain, equipment of-bnuns, and has - made his mark as : ah orator.- in college :debates.’ By the by, Lord : ’Salisbury himself only took a fourth 'close in history'at -Oxford,-hut-in-spite-of - the limited-nature of his academic .achievements, ho was-.elccted an honorary' fellow of All Souls’." He is now, of course,. Chancellor oLtho University. \ . There was another- fire in tho dialls of sthc aristocracy last night,, when Lord and Lady Of Glogsop were burnt out of thoir domidilevand compelled to - scek irofugc with the Bake of'Norfblk, who ' is' affording them i a transient; shelter.;,.-It.seems Lord Howard, whiloat dinner, hoard a .crackling noise up stairs, and on opening the door, of the draw ing-room found tho whole room in flumes; Tho fire was extinguished in a few' minutes, but mot until everything in tho room had been destroyed.'. Lord Howard is a cousin of the Duke of Norfolk,, his father having ;bcon created a peer byJlr. Gladstone in 1869. Lady Dudley;- on the marriage of her son, will live at Himlcy, tho dower-house of the family,- in Staffordshire. It was -last inhabited by Lady 'Wird, mother of the Into Lord Dud ley. It was’ his father Who bought in 1839 tho Witloy property, in Worcestershire, from Lord "Foley, for £900,000, and afterwards spent neatly half's million bn 'the'house and in layingput Italian, gardens- . Tho .value of the’property' in the' palmy'daya of ' pig-iron. f' iVoauetlon increased enormously, and the ato Lord' Dudley’s; income > was for one year once estimated at nearly a million.'- ?Of course, things - have depreciated' very mnoh since then. 1 ; There is 1 a gorgeous tomlr in moinory of. the deceased poor in Worcester Cathedral, iqn /tho:, restoration of which he spent immense.sums. - - . *- ' Sir,Augustus-Harris ought to bo.*:tflproud and happy, man. -Hods’ tho first- theatrical manager who - has received "a title.’Nominally, the is> knighted because" ho is one of ’the sheriffs of Middlesex, but if ho had not'been manager ot D/Ory;Lane :ho would 1 never have become a shori tf. He has worked hard for tho title, and h'o lies’deserved it; but it is a little incongruous that«be-.- should receive this* distinction and > that "other 'theatrical managers like Mr. Irving and . Mr. Haro should remain • undceoratoa; ' Thoir services as public entertainers- are somewhat more conspicuous, than those of Sir.-Augustus. But when'did the dispensers of titles show. a.fine discrimination? Sir Augustus.Harris, though the end of a iong soason afr Govont Garden is approaching, atilK has operatic card in rosorv#and will prodaco yet a now debutante on Friaay in “La Traviata.” Tho lady is a -Hungarian, and known as Mdlla '-TelekipShe is only 23 years-;ofvage, and has eda r eatodiat the - Gohsorvatoire-at 'ViehniC Hore she attracted the notice’ ! 6f ' M.’ 16/ and <ib J w‘as’chiefly-owing"to his •'efforts ,lhdt she obtained 1 on onghgoment at the Paris CTeta*, whence ;'8ho : has ' boon transmitted in due 'course to'London, v • -; , /* ’ V'Tho' Loaded season is waning, but being favored by Tno 'weather sdejoty is -going the pace day and night' The influenza seems;to havo-dono-its-worst, -mid though: many- pale ghosts dolorously/ walk about, 'Complaining fhat thoy are “ndt strong yot,V oho, rdroly -hoars or now: attacks. Hurllngham is doing rare business just now, its spacious lawnS making' a pretty sotting for dinner tables] The only badj-thirig-in tho place is the dinner) which at the price might cosily be Everybody complains; but nearly everybody goes, and so- tho management are content - /Another place bccomi ng/a! fashiondbloioat-l doer lounge is tlio terrned of tbo House of Commons. Inside;: raro exception of such opisodps as bofpfeon -Tuesday night,! when;Mr. Chamboridih/dcserled tho Govern ment, the House ; is. nearly empty, and nltn gethor dull. But from ,half-past four, o’clock xiU Bix tho, ; terrace is crowded with .groups of ‘ladies cdmo’ td too. On a fine with tho terrace in the shade, tho broad Thames gleaming between, and tho sunshine glowing'on the rod front of St. Thomas’s Hospital, opposite; there are few, more, pinj turosquo scenes* thdn tlio-terrace of tho Houso Commons.at teo-tiem. . 