The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1891. THE annual report of the Trades and Labor Council, which we published on Saturday, takes a very cheerful view of the present situation. There is a semi- humorous intimation, scarcely amounting to^a complaint, that tlie wott of the council is increased by an idea that pro vails as t<> some of its functions and its capabilities fur redressing grievances. This may l>e taken as a j?irt i?f the inevi table iieunlty of success. It iuny prove enilNirrassiug to the council to I>e appealed to by "every Dick, Tom. and Harry who comes along"—to .juote the secretary's terse and picturesque phraseology—but such appeals are evidences of confidence, and in uiany cases afford opportunities of usefulness that need not be discounted. Ac the same time the development of h "more general and appreciative ac ceptance of the principles of the new unionism" shuns the educative work that is constantly going on. If there were nothing beyond these two matters to report the friends of the industrial classes would have in them gratifying tokens of substantial progress. The advance <>f the labor movement is not to W uicaMired merely by the numerical tests which show how many members have joined the various unions, or what proportion of these unions are affiliated with the ouii cil. It is of still greater importance that correct views as t«> the lights and duties of the persons who form the Ixuie and sinew of the coiiimiuiity -dn«uld tie dif fused, and that sound principle- shontd be established. The social evolution winch is going on, to lie satisfactory both in cliaracter and result*, must be'lmsed upon a solid foundation of that kind if it is to be permanently beneficial. Aiiiong military men it is liei-oniing more fully recognised that numbers are not every thing in war. and that the higher facul ties of the soldier must be trained a* well as his liahit of mechanical ol>e dience t<> commands, in order to secure the highest degree of ellcc tivenc?s. The conflict of labor with capital involves oj K-rations that arc of greater delicacy and j?erliap? of difficulty, so that wlut is applicable to tin.- one case is still more so to the other. Neverthe less the >n\>wt]j of uumlicrs is not uiiini |>ort:iiit n-s a t-ign «if expanding influence in certain directions, and the council lias a fair lueasui-c of success of tliat kind U> report. Having now 57 societies iv affi liation, with V'A delegateselected thereby, it may fairly claim that its existence i*> idly justified, and further that it pos m-sses the confidence of the working classes generally. The increase during the j«ast lmlf year slious -toady growth, and is so far .vitisfactoiy. <%?iijl.ii!.iti.?ii between those who are cii;,':i^ed in any jh-irticuLtr calling is now .-iltuost universally recognised to be advantageous. Em ployers as well as employed freely concede that union is better tliau disunion. The next step, which is the natural ouroxtieof the principle from which the first proceeds, is alliance of a friendly aud hymjrttlietic character between the various Itodies of workers for ctiuce«<.-«l action and nun md aid. The general laiv of progre.vs thn?ugh oiit tbe univei-sc in fr..in the to the complex. liy its i.jK-iution t4ie constant «ip«u(i<d movement is cuiietl on, and the organisation "( Labor in luninoiiy with this law Is an element in. as well as an adjunct of. advancing civilisation. It is noteworthy tliitt the most en thusiastic and jubilant poitioii of the report i? the iKtnigj-aph in which reference is made to the jxilitical victories of the last six months. Plain }irou> apiteai-n to have Ixen found lacking m flexibility and expressiveness for the cmlxidiiueiit of the sentiments that stniggle for utterance, and aco>ixlingly when tr«iting of this subject the secretary dit*)*, into rhyme — it van hardly Ik- called jx?e*ry. Mr. MePheixui's style is so ek-sir and forcible that he was not under any necessary oblig:(ti<>u to .seek for eiiil>ellishmeut in this way, aud lie puts the case iv a very vigorous aud trenchant manner. Adlie lvnts of die new unionism are to be con gratulated on their ]ierceptioii of the value of democratic institutions, and alsr> on their efforts to «ibtaiu dii'ect lepresentatioii in Parliiunem. Changes must inevitably take place in social conditions, and the alterna tive processes are evolution -or revolution. The forces at work producing unrest and upheaval are as u-resistible as the tides, and like them they may work either un told advantage or wide-spread disaster. Everything depends on whether they are so utilised as to produce healthier vitality in the body politic, or to cause violent eruptions. The safeguard of public wel fare in times of trial and agitation is found not in resistance but in adaptation. It will be so always. With increased power there invariably comes the consciousness of enhanced responsibility. The success of labor candidates at the elections, both here aud elsewhere, will necessarily lead the constituencies they represent to in form themselves more fully on the ques tions that arise from time to time. With the expansion and exercise of the fran chise there goes liand in hand a genuine increase of political education. The re sult of it may be expected to be i?>l the promotion of the interests <jf a single class of people in the c< mmunity as a whole, but what will 1c of advantage to all. UTiiie there fore the Twdes and Labor Council may felicitate itself on the new departure and anticipate benefit to the section with which it is primarily concerned, there is a still wider view to take. Public harmony and weHbeing stand to gain by the con *<cit'HMK'Ss that there is no exclusion of !iny class from the Lcarislature of the land. Tliat the Tmdes and Labor duncil is mindful of its ix^poiLsibility in watchinj/ over the interests of working men isiu-ide ouite clear by the references wlucli the import contains to the legislative measures tbe council has had under its considera tion, ttnd at the same time the uuml>er of those measures shows that very much is lieing done to improve the conditions of laW. Tlie dissatisf;u;tion felt with re gard to some of the proposals is not at all suii?ising, nor is the expression of regret that .subjects of cnnsidei^ible iinporbmci; are delayed for an unroasoiiuble length of time. With regard to the federation of labor it is stated that ihe scheme for ir.t:bitcdat the llallamt Congress is being acted upnii. and explanations are beiny jnmle to the various societies jis to its natnie Jilid ..[.eiTiiioli. The scheme is said to provide means for securing unity of purjx.se and acrioM in all general | iniittei-s, to facilitate the mutual co-opera- I tioii of affiliated unions wherever neces i isiiy. .'<; id to secure :it tJie s.-u?c tiuie cjihi j plete autonomy for each individual union I or asMtciation of unions. It will be neees ■ -saiy for the Lttter featuie of ihv scheme to be made perfectly clear if it is to meet I with anything like cordial acceptance. j There are few things about which (r?des unions are likely to lie more sensitive tlwui their entire freedom to manage their own ,-ittairs. In this their in stinct goes with their judgment, and lMith ay« perfectly right. Though fedeiutien is 4k*intble it is «<ne of those things for which it is «juite possible to pay t«K? high n price. The council has recog nised this in resiKx-t t« the political fede l-ation of Australia, and its resolution on that subject is one which a very large pro portion of the |K*<jj!e of this colony will endorse. However attractive the federal idea may be, there are practical intci-csts to be conserveil that outweigh scntimeutal considerations. The K-isis of fedcmtioii must be so arranged that uotldug of value shall be lost by union. Combination for mutual interests has many advantages, but there may !«• surticient cohesion without incurring the liability of wholesale self sacrifice. Mk. Gkaimjek's motion, declaring iluit the |>ul>lic expression of viceregal views on debatable politics, unless at tlie request «tf responsible Ministers or of Piirlianiciit, is opposed to the best interests of good government, was carried practically without discussion iv tlie House •of Assembly yesterday. The Govern ment stated tliat they agreed with the motion, and tluit his Excellency the Govciiioi- alvt ajnvi-d with it. Iv the letter fniin Loixl Kintoiv. .in Imct from wliich w;is rctd, an exiiLnuitioii w:is nuuie with regard t<\- the publi cati- n ■•! his dis}iaicli i«> the Sseorvtary of State, which the House evidently iv g!iiil«l as entirely satisfacti>ry. It does not iswm to us that the House was in a proper position to find much fault with the action taken by his Excellency, even luul he re/mined f?>m tendering an explanation. In the tirst place it must be iHtrne in mind I lint the dispatch is an ]lii]H-i-L-tl State {taper, the publication «.f which was authoiisc-d by the Secretary of Sute to vhoin it wns addivsse«l. Jfo doubt l>.id Kniilsfonl would liave with held lii> peiiiiiNsi..n had Ik- believed that the course Millet i< mcd by him wouJil ii"t prove agiveabJe to the South Australian I/ugislituiv. It is fair to suppose. t«>o. that his Kxcellency Mould Dot liavi> Asked fur the jtulhoi-ity :_T?nted if lie had thought tliat die publi cation of tlu- di>|«udi was likely t-.i ar.Mi-vc •••lijettiun. The ?viy fact tlutt the House luid addix-sM.-d hiniforthcimMiuctioiiof the mcnioiTtudtiin pivjuirctl at the re<jiie«t «.f Ministers, and which aN<> dealt, with "delwtaMe jxilitie>,"' might have been ivn*.itahl\ iiiteqtreted as an indication that thne iras uodesiie to treat the dis patch as private and cxiitidentinl. Whether it wns to Ih^ mi tre.-itol, indeed, was a'(no tion wincli the <.ioveiiior in aliv case could nut decide wholly f?t?liiiuself, as there was nothing to j.ix-vem the Coloitial Secretary laying the )Kii>ei- before the House of Com ii ions it he felt sodiN]tost*d. Weinke it.lmw ever, that I>inl Kintore was au\«<ms to have it under?tood that he !ud not the least intention of giving otfeiicv to Parlia ment, aud in order t" removi- any possible gi-ouud of couteiilioii lie was not uuwilliug to admit tlint ho limy Imve aeUil M>ine whaf liastily. Iv hi>*ktt«.-r to the Trim.- Minister he explains that the i>ublii-:ttion of the disjtateh Inforv he luul asked Mini>ten> to present it to Parliaiiieiit was n "pure inadvertence.' and must not l>e K-gniib-d a> an indication >>f any lesst'iiiug • •f his desire to kliow the fullest eoii.side.ra tion to PailbiiiKiit. It would have been sheer churlishucs.s mi the part of the House to receive thi> courteoO aud jvl dignitietl <>xpl:tiiatiou in any spirit other than tliat in which it was ottered. If any mistake lias bct-n miide at all it w:is one wiiica imw most liiiturrdly fii«m llie ciivuiu stntices, and tti some extent at least it was provoked by the action of \u,n. members themselves iv exhibiting anxiety to have the Jujtei-s re lating to the Governor's journey made public. As we Imve already hinted, it would luuxlly Imve oc<-urred to any one that it was coiisiileitd desirable to make an exception of the dispatch to the Secre tary of State. If the House had Ihhmi in n muod for disc-lushing the subject, one |x.int ill the letter of his Excellency might hnvc received more attention. Acci>rdijig to Mr. I'layfoul, l^trd Kintore approves of the lei'ihs of the niution, but notwithstanding this approval be suggests iv hir> letter that the action he should have taken was to ask Ministers to present the disjKitch t<> ParlL-iu>e;tt. It is obvious tiutt such a proceeding Would Ikj iucuiLsistent with the principle asserted in the resolution unless tlie House had expressed a desire for the production of the document. Ministers might liave been cniUHrrassed by a request „{ tilts kititl coming from the Governor, and if they hud crunplied with it the House might luive resented their action much more than the publication of the dispatch in the nevv.sjKtper.s. As to tlio |.ropi-iety of the motion ai^ived. to. .-(hiinugli the rule tvhich lias been laid down may admit of occasional exceptions under .special circuuistances, there can be no question. it is in strict accordance with constitutional us:ige that the Governor should abstain .-is far as jX'ssiOJe from tlie public discus sion of debatable politics, and it is not iv the nature of things that such circum stances as have led recently t< ■ a departure from this principle should arise with any degree of fjieijuency. The dek-ite r>n the secmd reading of the ] r ii* Education Bill in the Legislative Council will probably Ite concluded t<i <Liy- There is no doubt that the Bill viil be taken into committee, but it is iiutlwsbjod that when the measure reaches tli.it a majority of lu>n. gentlemen will seek to provide tlwt free education shall he coupled with a capitation grant t<< private schools. The latter question lias already hecn f«uglit out in the Assembly, and the decision arrived at was that it would l>e undesirable to give such a subsidy to private schools as would virtually have the effect of estaldishing aState-supported system of denominational education. That this decision correctly interprets the feeling of the constituencies on the subject is made plain by the results of the List general elections. The proposal for the endowment of private schools submitted by more than one Government before the last appeal to the country luis not since appeared in any Ministerial programme, it being clearly recognised tluit a substtmtial in.-ijority of the jMjople's representatives in the Assembly >«s returned pledged in opposition to the principle, li-dei- the cbvumstnnces it appears to us that any attempt by the Council to foist upon the Assembly an unpalatable scheme, which is certain to be rejected, will be only a waste of time aud energy. Hetting ; "-ide the fact that it is not tlie ])rovincc < f the I"]ijkt House to originate legis huive jiiv.ijosals thnt involve the appro priation <>f revenue, the Council cannot jiretcnd to siicjik ou such a question with the same authority as the Assembly. The principle of endowing private schools in the manner suggested has been con demned in the country, and in the House which reflects its widest interests, as utterly inliannonious with the spirit aud intention of the national policy of educa tion. Once the right to a capitation grant is conceded ablowwililiavel>eeu struck at the national system from which it may nerer recover. We cannot imagine that the Council intends to make a serious light with the Assembly on this question. The country demands fi-ee education, and it demands it unconditionally. It might have been expected that the minorities v. lio support a c.ipitation grant and thu intaioduction of religious teaching into the public schools would seize the <>pl*<jtum"ry of tmttijig out their pet hobbies, but there will be a gross betrayal of the interests of the people if free education is sacrificed becnise the advocates of these movements cannot have their way. The Bill ought to in' accepted us it stands. It is certain that the Council will not succeed in inducing the Assembly to reverse the decision already arrived at, and the lion, gentlemen who favor a capitation givuit a its surely not prepared to take the responsibility «f defeating the free uduva cation scheme altogether in the event of their failure to saddle it with a highly <•! noxious condition. Although the general public, as evidenced by the attendance in the galleries, did not take special interest in the proceedings of the As sembly on Tuesday, the large number of honoiable members present showed that some thing important was about to happen. As umal there were many formal and informal questions, together with numerous notices of motion to be attended to, so that lfi minutes «-la|>sed before- the question of the hoar was reM-hed. Mr. Gminger gave notice that to-day ho wauld move that leave of absence be granted (o Mr. Hooper, while Mr. Hopkins announced I.U intention of pro|:or=irig tliat a stop should lx- put to the waste of Hit now being bi'or into the t*a l>y tin* Marine Jkfcird dr«l -gfv-. Mr. Castine to know whether tl:«- Treasurer had rwiv?.d any cor rcr-joiidi-nct on tin- subject of the Go v« mors di<i«ueh, but Mr. Playford de clined to be drown prematurely. Some niuiifs concerning the Estimates having been «ii-jx->cd of. the questions on tii'- notice-paper ««•!«.■ rapidly answered. Init a new obstacle now {■r«'?<-nt«d it.^-lf in the person of Mr. Hopkins, who moved an informal motion forthepurpose of an<-\v«rin<* a newppajier oritie. Mr. Scherk and Mr. H. E. Downer, however, who shared the general impatience, promptly obji-cted to the delete proceeding. ?>d Mr. Hopkins was shut up like a jack-knife. The appro priate time having at length arrived the Treasurer secured the }?ostponeinent of the orders of the day. and Mr. Grainger moved—"That in the opinion of this House the public expression of viceregal views on dt-tatable ]K>litics, unless at the request of «>-pon«ib]o Ministers or of Parliament, is opjwsed to the best imorwks of good govern ment." The member for Wallaroo contented himself by remarking that his action was not jndiiod by personal motives, but that he wa* anxious to uphold a constitutional principle. The Treasurer, who followed, i-rated that both the Government and the Governor agreed with the spirit of the motion, and in U*B than two minutes it was passed and done with. As a proof of the general importance attached to the 6ubj«-t it may Ik- stated that when Mr. Grainger rose to speak there were 50 members present to listen. In the Assembly on Tuesday After Mr. Grainjfw's motion with regard to the Gov ernor's diopatohl had been agreed to, almost in silence, the third reading of the Partnership Bill w?j carried, and in tlio absence of Mr. Hcoppr, in consequence of ill-health, the debate on the federation resolutions was former adjourned for a wt>ek. Then at the instance of Mr. famshrd the Blockholders* Loans Bill was recommitted, but thenew clause? proposed to be added by Mr. Casdne and Mr. I-amshed were loth rajtcted. In the division with regard to the former, which sought to introduce the perpetual leasing system so far a • lands were concerned, Mr. Kings ton cansed much amusement by skipping from <<■:<• side oi the House to the other jus; as the result wa> about to be announced. A.' hi* name appeared on both division lists he wn- called up to the table schoolboy fashion Mid interrogated as to which side he intended to vote, and elected to retain his name aniong the m>e>. Tho Bill v? then again rejiorted, but w?- oruv more recommitted at the request of Mr. Gillen. who considers that blockholders oupht not to liave an advantage over their fellow Christian* in respect to exemption from liability for debt. To meet his objection a pu?\ iso ?«> inserted in clause 5, and the Bill \\\:i> lejorted for the fourth time. Shortly afUr 3t.'«.1«H.-k Mr. Dashtvood row to continue the d« l*te on tlu- Oukapariuga Waterworks Bill, aiitl a^ iuij>ht b?- e\jK- ct«l he warmly Mip]tort*-d Uie iiua.-nn-, as di<l ulxi Me>sr>. St.K-k, G)^i\M;n, I-aud-«r, and Hancock, the debate Ijt in;; t-veuitially iidjuurntti until Thursday, vvii. >i the Coiiimissiirti.-r <>f Public Works •frain r.-que>te«l uiembc?* to iinne pr?'j?ai\\-d to "jiliM-lutelv lini?h" the discus-Miin. The talk <?i the Agrieuhiirnl Holdings Kill shovvtd a mtttork of contrary opiuion?. Mj-. llitiii-oik litgwi by op(io>itig it, while AJr. <itllrn yjioke vigorously in its favor. Tin 11 the Tn-afcui'er in au tameot &p;<3£ch com bat* ri charge of inconsistency in i%?|K<ct to his auici..io touatxU die priacipltri of the Hill. Mr. I'arsons inveighed eloquently against it, Mr. Hrouker cuuiuietided it, and Mr. Kingston pnuiiced to r-up]>ort the second reading and to oppube tlie compulsory purchase claus&s.; The Auomcj- Geucial roir* to reply, but, after a tligut altercation, during which the member for Encounter Bay wascd very warm, Mr. 11. X Downer sccuivd an ad join uu.eut till Thursday. Six speeches were made concerning the Factories liill, tbot« by Me&ei-s.; Brooker, Cohen, aud Cctk buing iv its favor, while thotu by Messrs. Hjiiiu.ik, Caldwvll, and Butler wore against it. The Attorney-General occupied just an hour in moving the second reading of the Administration and Probate Bill, the object of which is to consolidate the present laws re lating to the subject. Under it Local Courts and probate arc to be established at Mount Gambier and Port Augusta; the operation of it-curing probate is to be much cheapened and simplified, while other reforms axe indicated. Another measure dealing entirely with fees, and a third amending the testamentary law by providing for the subdivision of estates, are to follow cJoselj- upon the present BilL The report of the committee on the Pharmacy Bill was adopted, and, after the House had agreed to the introduction of a Bill by Mr. Moult' "to provide for giving publicity to information relating to unclaimed funds,*' the busiuess \vas over, and members were set at liberty just after 10 o'clock. Into country where thirty years ago explorers coidd only penetrate as the result of great privations and much personal risk, Royal Coru missions may now travel with comparative, case. The Queensland 1 (order Railway Com mission in their journey to Birdsville passed the tree under which Robert O'Hara Burke died. Sir John Bray on Tuesday received a photo graph of the rude inscription carved upon the trunk together with the still ruder railing which surrounds it. This picture was exhibited in the House of Assembly, and it brought back to remembrance the fact that on September 12, ISGI, only a few weeks less than 30 years ago, a sergeant of mounted police at AVirrilpa forwarded to Inspector Hamilton, theu chief of tbe mounted constables, a report on " par ticulars gathered from the blacks seetniug to refer to Mr. Burke and party." It relates how the hair of two white men was brought in by a native to Tooucatchin station, and that the native had stated that the whites were naked, without firearms, and rode on camels. It was further reported that Mr. McKinlay, who had been sent out by the South Australian Government in search of Burke and Wills, had been informed of the of the abori ginal. The letter was considered of so muc-h interest and importance tliat it was read in the Assembly on September ID, 1861, by the then Commissioner of Crown Lands (die Hon. 11. B. T. Strangways). Its writer has since that far away time become a member of Parlia ment. He has been entrusted with the over sight of the Crown Lands Department, and to-day hp ably represents the district of Glad stone. The signature is "James H. Howe." Mr. Howie until yesterday liad no knowledge tbat his report was- immortalised in the archives of Parliament. The Legislative Council sat four hours and twenty-four minuter on Tuesday afternoon, members thus, in sporting parlance, establish ing a record for the session up to date. Mr. Simpson having presented a petition against the passage of the Free Education Hill, the Commissioner of Crown Lands furnished Mr. Duncan with a variety of information relative to our pastoral lands. The same member theu resumed the federation debate, to^which he contributed a vigorous speech. Mr. O TLoghlin continued the discussion upon the IMucation Acts Amendment Bill, being followed by Mr. Warren, who gave a carefully prepared dis course bristling with extracts and opinions, of authorities on the subject The next contri bution was a terse but thoughtful expression of h:s im-v.h by Mr. Charleston, which was listem-d to with close attention by members. Mr. l-fcuiing tlien occupied the floor of the Hoii'c, delivering an earnest address which thti ali ned to take legislators over the adjourn ment lii.iir, but fortunately was bpcnujht to a somewhat abrupt close hi time- to ivtrt a late .-ittiiij,'. When the uienilf.-is of the Legii- liitiveConn til met on Tuesday so'temoon they found an addition to tin* pictures which grace the walLs of thtir chamber in a portrait of the late Hon. G. F. Angas, formerly a member of the Upper House. The jiortrait is the gift of tlie Hon. J.JIL Angas, his son, who has presented it to Parliament, and who expressed the desire that die Standing Orders Committee of the Legis lative Council would sanction its being hung on the walls of the chamber. It has beeu placed over the excellent picture of Captain Sturt, and as a work of art it is worthy to compare with tliat portrait. Those who are conversant with the difficulties which attended d:e founding of South Australia are well &w;*>re how much is dr.e to the public spirit of that member of the Counci whose portrait now adorns the walls. It is higldy probable that the debate upon the Free Education Bill will be concluded in the Council this afternoon after Dr. Magarey and onr or two other members have expressed their opinions on the measure- Mr. O'Loghlin has the right to resume the debate upon Australian Federation and the Comtnontrealth Bill, while the notice pai*T also includes motions by Mr. Arign? relative to the appointment of a librarian to the Supreme Court library, and affording additional facilities for travelling stcc-k on tl?e Transcontinental routes. Mr. Duncan is desirous that plans showing various areas of pastoral hinds should be laid upon die table of die House, and will move accordingly; while Mr. Gordon has a motion still standing in his. name relative to the appointment of a judge in the Supreme Court during ttie ale once of the Chief Justice. Mr. Ward may continue the debate upon the ques tion that it is desirable that the Legis lative Council move into the old Assembly Chamber, Mr. Gordon die discussion on die seoond readtag of the CVmstitation Act Amend ment Bill, and Mr. Duncan the debate upon the adoption of die report of die Pastoral Com mission, while Mr. Bosworth has the privilege of resuming the argument on die question of railway charges with respect to grain, flour, bran, and pollard. The director? of the Moonta and Wallaroo n.ires mot on Tuesday morning* to consider the question raised by the Moonta branch of the Amalgamated Miners* Association for the abolition of the contract system at pre sent in operation at die Moonta mines. The directors discussed die matter at some length and came to a decision, which will at once be forwarded to the executive of the Moonta branch. A reporter from The Advertiser saw- Mr. R, Hooper, M.P., the president of die district, on Tuesday, and he said —"The move ment for die abolition of the contract system has originated with the miners tiiemselves, who are dissatisfied with it, and die executive in placing die matter before die directors were simply carrying out the wishes of the men. The system that obtains.in die mines is thia:— Ihe captain tries a block of ground And fixes the price for working it at so much per fathom, but if the tender of the men is higher than the pace set on the work by the captain it is not accepted. Then fresh tenders are called for, and the probabilities are that w hen die miner!) again send in prices they are below die captain's valuation, and of course they are accepted. It is impossible for a captain to make a mistake in setting the price of a block of ground which lias to be stoped, and if the men are allowed to work it at die captain's price they will be per fectly satisfied. Where, however, the injustice <omes in is in calling for tenders for the work which will not be accepted if the amount is above that set by the captain, as the men are thereby compelled to reduce them, and in doing thia they often come below the real value of the work. The men cannot earn the current rate of wages, and consequendy the present systeai of tendering is a farce, aud very unjust so far as die men are concerned. Of course, too, much damage U done as regards tendering by inexjjerienced men, who, anxious to go on to work, tender at a ridiculously low figure for 'ground* and find afterwards that they cannot earn fair wages. The whole question will be submitted to the 'district,' which embraces all the branches of the A.M.A. in South Australia on Friday next, and then, doubtless, some decision will be arrived at." Petitions with regard to the proposed arrange ments regarding die Barrier traffic were pre sented to the Legislative Council on Tuesday from tbree of die Broken Hill mining com panies, vis., the Central, South, and Block 3. These documents were all couched in the following terms:—" We. respectfully call your attention to the questions asked l>y Mr. liurgoyne on July 8 last, relating to the Broken Hiltatraltic and answered by the Hon. W. 15. Rounsevell as follows.: — * Proposals have been made by the Bail way Commissioners to the directors of the Broken Hill iniu&s; at any time during the last twelve months with leieience to the carriage of their ore* on our railways. An arrangement has been made between the Railway Commissioners and some of the wine proprietors in reference thereto. The nature of such proposals is—Tho con veyance of ore, coke, bulliou, and mining timber at rates winch have, been agreed to between the companies and the Railway Commissioners. No agreements have beeu entered into in de ference to the wishes of Parliament We hare eudeavored to get some security for the traffic by an intimation that we shall be prepared to charge the lower rates to such of tlio companies as enter into an agreement with the Silvertou Tramway Company to send their traffic to Cockbura for a fised period.' We would re spectfully poiut out that the agreements pro l?sed to be given by the Railway Comniis sioncrs with those companies who have made he agreements with the Silverton Tramway Company will tend to create a monopoly of the ; rade to Broken Hill to the serious injury of all • ompanies, merchants, aud traders who do not make tile arrangements jvoirosed by the Sdver ;on Traniw-ay Company. Added to tiiis the dif erential rates now being charged are a most unfair handicap to those who for various reasons wish to maintaiu their independence of action, aud enable an undue influence to be exercised to force them into agreements with tho Silverton Tramway Company which may eventually prove disastrous to the Barrier mining district. Your petitioners therefore humbly pray that any legislative action you may take will be in the direction of preventing the adoptiou of differential rates in favor of any carrying company." The Conservator of Forests (Mr. W. Gill) left Adelaide on Monday morning for die Mount Browne Forest Reserve to make arrangements for having the duties of the late Mr. W. T. Burgess as manager of the forest temporarily fulfilled. Mr. Gill will return to the city later in the week, and etops will then be- taken to appoint Mr. Burgess's successor. The fourth half-yearly meeting of the Sema phore Public Baths Company was held at Hixon's Semaphore Hotel on Monday. The chairman of directors (Mr. Philip Sansom) pre sided over a good attendance of shareholders. The directors' report showed that the com pany was in a highly- satisfactory condition; that no casualties had occurred during die half-year; that whilst 52 per cent, bad been spent in further improvingand strengthen ing the property, the balance-sheet showed that a profit of 0 per cent had been made for the half-year, and that the hot salt and fresh water baths were now much used by the public and had realised a profit of !0 |>er cent, for the same period. A vote of thanks to the directors closed the meeting. On Tuesday afternoon there was a lar?e parcel of silver bars to be tak<-u to the Oraiuz. •.•nd a truck load was on tiie Largs Pier for hipment in one of the steam cutters. Several were safely disposed of, but one of the men with a bar on his shoulder slipped on the gangway and the bar tumbled overboard. As it was worth something less tlian £250 tha deck hand of the Ethel commenced a series of dives until he succeeded in putting a dove hitch round the submerged bar, which was re covered and carefully shipped. At the meeting of the microscopical section of the Royal Society on Tuesday night Mr. Bradley gave- a demonstration of a mechanical finger designed for picking up minute objeete for mounting on miscroscopic elides. This proved to be a very simple and useful appliance enabling the operator to pick up small objects readily by means of a hair coated wiih a film of gelatine, and attached to the mechanical finger. Mr. Bradley gave a prac tical illustration of the working of this linger by picking up a minute object from the mid<>t of several specimens, and afterwards placing ie in rw-itiou on a slide ready for mounting. The mtjnJiere: of the &«.-iety expressed their pleat sue at the simplicity and effectiveness of this invention, and l)r. Whittcll mention*! that although some eight or ten years ago he had written to one of the leading instrument makers in England for a mechanical con trivance of this nature he had not yet.received it. and he was glad to see that the first one that had come under his notice was made in Adelaide. Sir. Poole, the president of the section, continued his fllnstrations of the methods of illuminating by the central light, which he commenced at die last meeting of the society. He gave an interesting and instruc tive description of the high power illuminant, giving several experiments daring the course of hi? remarks, which proved very successful. The new building which has been erected in Orote-street for the Advanced School for Girls is now ready foi occupation, and the scholars will take possession of the new premises on Monday nest. There will be no formal opening ceremony, but it is probable that a conversazione will be held in the build ing about three weeks hence. The monthly meeting of the Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers" Friend Society bus held at the Church Office on Tuesday afternoon, there being present—The Hon. John Colton (in the chair), Mesdames J. C. Lorraine, J. Evans, and P. Barr, Messrs. D. Nock, J. J. Green, C. Lyons, J. J. Stockey, A. Thomas, W. H. Stevenson, G. C. Knight, Henry Scott J. ,D. JHfIT, L, P. Lawrence, and H. T. Fry, the; Rev. C. H. Goldsmith, and the secretary (Mr. A. Fance). The report for the month showed an increase of 40 over the preceding month in the number of applicants for relief. The new applications amounted to 21, the to 125, the applications for mealsandbedstoZl, aad the applications to the committee to 3. Of these 4 had been declined, the total relieved being 144. It was noticed that applicants were continually coming from the other colonies for work, and not being able to obtain it were obliged to seek relief. The subcommittee, constituting the sick poor fund committee, had rendered the society sub stantial help in die work of relieving the sick and needy, of which there are a great many at ihis season of the year. The treasurers balance-sheet showed that the income had been been £20 os. 6&, and the expenditure £35195. Od. Besides the large amount of sick comforts which have been distributed the society ha> disposed of about 7i tons of wood in lots of 2 cut. These have been a great boon to the uffering, and have been thankfully accepted by the recipients. The report and balance sheet were both adopted. The captain of die steamer Elberfeldt, which arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday morning, reported that the ship's surgeon, Dr. Carl Trowitzsch, committed suicide by shooting him self during die voyage out. The doctor was a single man, aged 31 years, anda nativeof Salazi, Prussia. The deed was committed on July 11 as die steamer was passing through die Red Sea, the heat being very oppressive at the time. The doctor left die table at lunchtune and was not seen again during the day. His con tinned absence exciting suspicion the cabin door was broken open and the doctor was found lying dead, shot through the mouth with arifle, the bullet having passed right through the braiu and become embedded in die woodwork of the cabin. The unfortunate man was the only son of a well-to-do family in Germany, and was of a very excitable temperament. Owing to the intense heat at the. time the body was committed to the "deep die same evening in the presence of the officers and crew. A meeting of die State Children's Council was held on Monday, there being present— Mr. C. H. Goode (in die chair), Lady Downer, Mesdames Colton, J. EL Finlayaon, and Fair, Misses Barker, Chirk, and Spence, Dr. Robert son, Mr. T. Rhodes, and the secretary (Mr. J. B. Whiting). The secretary reported that 14 children had been committed during die month to die council'B care, 13 going to the Industrial School and Ito die Ixiiis 9 Reformatory. Six teen had been placed in homes, for which .die usual subsidy would have to be paid; 3 had been licensed for service, 1 had been boarded out on probation to the parents, and 11 had been transferred for various reasons to different houite. A circular was received from thu president of the second Australasian con ference on c-liarities, stating that the conference will be held in November next, and asking the council to nominate delegates. The council decided to defer the consideration of the luatti-r until a special meeting to be held on August 24. Four applications for the release of children were considered, one being granted aud three i-efutvd. The Melbourne Atyus, in commenting ou Lord Kintore's dispatch, writes: —"The dis patch brings vividly before its readers the peculiarities and die danger* of the Australian position. The size of the island continent is a present trouble to-us. At the one extremity, which faces the pole, we have the climate of England and the need of an English popula tion, aud ou die further shore, which approaches the equator, we have the climate of India and a need for Indian labor. And yet the English shrink from a contact with the inferior races. They look at the Southern States and their trouble widi their black popu lation, and they shudder. If we could toor Austialia ""WO miles to the southwards then the trouble would vanish, as die extremes would be Scotland at the one t bore and Spain at the other ; but until this is ]K>.«siblc we have to face the situation, and a highly difficult one it is. All that can be said t present is that the problem is neither to be. solved with a sole regard to the interests of iropical Australia, nor yet with a sale regard to the ideas of the artisans and laborers of the cities of the south; but rather it must be con sidered from a broad Australian standpoint. It is a thousand pities diat the rich river flats described by Lord Kintore should be left un cultivated, and that a promising mineral belt should remain unexplored, and if we con tinue this neglect we may have European nations affirming die doctrine of some of their pundits, that a tide depends upou occupancy and use. On the other band, the indiscriminate admission of Asiatics, iv order that syndicates and estate-holders might grow rich, would be felt to be an intolerable tvil. There is doubtiess much force in Lord Kiut ore's assertion that die Northern Terri tory cannot be properly governed by a distaut Patiiauu-ut which is ignorant of local wants. The separation of northern Australia from tii« «>i;tli must he only a question of time, and ret we hope that tbcic will be uo separation btAua we Lave created a federal authority to control all the parts in national matters. One great argument in favor of an &txly; federation is that it will enable operations to take place ivhieh are desirable in themselves, and yet which are not without a danger to Australia. Without the federal authority some small State, fora temporary advantage, might lead theentire community into some serious Asiatic trouble. A colhaon between Port Darwin Mongols and Queensland whites would easily occur, and the effects of such a fray cannot be foreseen. And jet, of course, land is given for the general good, and we have no right to say to the world that because we cannot turn territory to account it is to remain for ever sterile, as though under a curse. The ultimate com|M"o mise will probably be the employment of suit able labor under vigilantly enforced conditions. Bui however this may be, it can be said that Ijord Kintotv is entitled to public thanks for his intelligent study of the problem and bis fearless statement of the facts. It may be added that his dispatch, to bear fruit, should j go, not to Lord Knutsford, but to the Premier of the Australian Federation, and we may ] hope that he will hare an opportunity of re- j addressing his highly interesting missive." The steamer Culgoa, of Lunds' Anchor line, i ; aSed for London on Tuesday morning at day- j break with a full cargo of colonial produce. The principal lines shipped from this port were silver lead bullion, wine, and skins. The Aus tralian Smelting and Refining Co., Dry Creek, dispatched 10,012 bars of bullion, and the Block 14 &M.; Co. 15,149. Messrs. Burgoyne & Co., nine merchants, shipped 347 hlids. of wine, and 113 bales of wool aid 382 bales of skins were I cent by various shippers. The Wallaroo and Moonta Mining aud Smelting Company for warded a quantity of copper by the same vessel. The steamer Hangcbow sailed for Hongkong the same day, taking 3,soopigs of lead and^pdd ingote of copper. A memorial cross has just been placed in the "Roman Catholic cemetery, West- terrace, over the grave o[ "Mr. Columbus Kochfort, the late resident secretary of the Citizens' Life Assurance Company, whose early death last October was much mourned by his many friends throughout the colonies. The cross, which is of beautiful fresh red granite of a pictorial mixture and covered with rustic ornamentations, terminates downwards in graceful outline, affording ample space for the gilt inscription which relates that "the employes of the company have contributed towards the erection of this tribute to the memory of their popular aad zealous brother officer. 9 The granite used in die construction of the monument is from the Kinsteary quar ries, Scotland. It is stated that there is not much of this particular granite in Australian cemeteries at present, but it is used to a con eideraUeestent in England, and many parts of the United States. The cross is the design and work of Messrs. D. and A. Davidson, sculptors, of Inverness, Scotland, who are lessees of the Kinsteary granite quarries. A meeting of the Port Adelaide branch of the Caledonian Society was held in the local Oddfellows' Hall on Tuesday evening, when Professor Bennie, of the Adelaide University, gave a lecture with Hlustzations on "Spectrum sunalyFif.*' A large number assembled to hear the professor, who treated his subject in a free «nd lucid manner, and was attentively listened to throughout. At the dose a vote of thanks me accorded the professor. The B-MJS. Austral passed Cape Borda'at 11 o'clock on Tuesday night, and will reach Largs Bay between 7 and 8 o'clock this morning. The drat -heme of federation devised for the trades &uu; labor councils and unions of New Zealand leaves to each individual council, or local union where there is so cotmcD, full eelf government in the case of any difficulty, while providing far a definite fedoatkn as a means for SBcnrjng unity of purpo?e and action on all general matters. The federation is tobeknownaa "The Federated Trades and Labor Councils of New Zealand. 77 According to the constitution, the federation plates the Nerc Zealand Herald) wHlcorrist of twp representatives from each trades council, or union where there isnocoun c 2, wbo shall meet in conference annually in February, the* conference being 'movable, and the expenses borne pro rata by the federated councils. Delegates are to be paid 12s. Gd. per day, in addition^ to travelling expenses, whilst engaged on conference business. The object of the federation is stated to be to forma deliberative and representative body possessed of a special knowledge of the matters coming under its cognisance, which, by an aggregation of power, can enforce the carrying out of legi timate and necessary reXoma, where a single council or union might find die task beyond its individual strength. It is provided that the federation is not to be dissolved so long ac two councils remain federated, and any council tv-zdjng ghaill forfeit ?n Waitn to any moneyordescriptionof property belongingto the federation. Revenue i 6 provided by an entrance* fee of S3. from each union for every SO members tip to 250, a quarterly subscription of not kse than Gd. from each financial male member, and not lees than 3d. per fiiwmrtai female member. Calls or lock-outs in any two centres at one and the same time are to be avoided, and all conciliatory means must be tried to settle disputes without resorting to extreme measures, provided the principle of unionism be maintained. A reserve fund is to be established as soon as possible. Any union j affiiiatani to the council, being a branch of any Australasian body, is to be free to act in conjunction with the «***?«? upon any question not affecting tne other unions affiliated to the council. The councils shall not be dissolved so long as two unions remain ?ffilip*"fl ( and die eecedcrs are to have no claim tojmonfey or pro perty. Among die recommendations are:—L Thit every effort be made' by the several councils to form trades and labor ooudcOb in all towns where two or more unions exist. 2. That the federation endeavor to establish a small uniform entrance fee aad rate of contribution; also, an interchange of clearance cards, to be accepted by all unions connected with the federation. Mr. H? J. Cowell, who was for a number of yean: senior partner in the firm of Cowell Bros. of Norwood, has commenced to practice as an architect. Mr. Cowell has for a long time past I given considerable attention to architectural work, and has had a large amount of practical experience in die line. We have to acknowledge the receipt of the following contributions towards die Bricknell fund:—F.H.S., 10s.; George, 10s.; J.F., ss^ "East Harden," 10s. Mr. E. Uounslow acknowledges die receipt of the following towards the Benson fimd :— Collected by Captain Iveraon, ?i i:K tti. ; Bey. R. J. Daddow, 10s.; Driver, 2s. <xL; Mr. ConneU, 3s. «d.; A Friend, 25.; collected by Mrs. Stack, £1 12s. i*L; proceeds of Port Christys entertainment at the Port Town Hill, £23 9s. Ud.; and cheque from Tlw Advertiser, £12 2s. Id. The subscription-lists have all been called in, and Mr. Hounslow wishes to thank all who have subscribed for their practical kindness. We have to acknowledge the receipt of the following contributions towards die Bricknell fund:—T.H.S., 10a, George, Mb.; J.F., fe.: "East Marden," 10s. Mr. Yf. Crooks acknow ledge tlie faUowing subscriptions to die same fund:—J. Carter, Woodvule, 205.; and Mr. Troy, Is. The following amounts have been received by Mr. J. Dale, Port Adelaide :-J. IL Jones, 13 35.; Mrs. Schrder, £2; F.J.8.. 155.: Bradley, 55.; Stephens, 55.; A Servant, Be.; W.T., 10s.; G.H., 55.; per Mias Allen, Ss.; per Miss Colegate, lls.; A. Hudson, 55.; Miss T., 10s. 6eL; A Widow, 215.; and Friend, lCs. 6d.; do. 2s. 6d.; do., 2s. 6d.; do., 6«L An optical lantern entertainment will be given in die Eechabite Hall, Grote-street, this evening by Mr. E. E. Alcock (district secretary 1.0. R.). The programme will include an adaptation of Dickens's Christmas carol, "Madey's ghost," illustrated by photographic limelight views. 