WHAT IS IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WILLIS " No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in the ministration of spirits.", This is not the age nor the country in which the supernatural flourishes. Interest centres about theatres-' treat. Haunted houses, are rented without great difficulty, if the landlord is willing to knock off a portion of the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the existence at times of some peculiar influence swaying our, actions. We are led to do things we should not do of our own volition the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards; then we wonder how we came to do them. We' are forced to learn that worldly wisdom is not always that which guides into the wisest courses. In this practical age results are what people are looking after. They believe in what they see ; the " evidence of things not seen is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well ; he cares little what medical method is employed it it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire into his methods of medication. A happy thing it is sometimes if some influence induces investiga- tion before it is too late. Mr. E. W. Edmond- son, of Melbourne, writes, 31st October, 1890 : " During the past 16 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years my complaint became so acute, so that I was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the back. I had often! prolonged head aches, the result of liver dis- order. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a mere serious disease. Finally I tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration, in my condition. The use of this medicine speedily wrought a great change, and four bottles effected a complete cure. ' ' Note what Sir. Henry Warwick. of Lonsdale Street, Melbourne, says V-' 30th October, 1890 For some years I have been suffering from frequent attacks of gravel, often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were also out of order. In addition I was afflicted with congestion of the liver and periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy action." 