n ýI ': Thine Po litical |Iowvlin;l 'ii Green. d Federation blocks evorything on the . green. It's a wonderful bit of business is d this fCderation. Everybody is sick of it \--tired, wearied, nauseated. Nobody, . inside or outside of the House. senems to e care one pin for it. The newspapers e write on it, and nobody roads. But the " question is there. It has coune to stay. It can't he got rid of. It won't pass. It . won't go. At s'tps.. Simply stops. Here we w are dying for railways. up to our necks in the rash for railrway reforums, but cani't get at it for this federation. It is whispered anooingst tihe Premier's colleagues that lihe is alhost driven to drink over this federation. Everybody knows that ihe is tile iildest-mannered lans alive. Mr.-tlutnro was never known to turn.a hair in the way of ttnmper.:..He has grown grey without having once known what it is tno get int; passion, and now, lo! this federation has broken tihe spell. lie has to bi held down inl the Ministerial room while Sir Bryan O'L',gh len is submitting iltamendnlUent on atnlntnd i1 nent, and openlttig out night after itigiht on the Bill. Wliar. the reiult maiy be is no t known. He maiy brood onia deep anld deadly re venge. He may take to drink, and throw over the Alliance, or lie imay- ah, well, we hope not-siurely i.d will never lower himself to writing leadiing articles for the newunspapers. If Mr. Hancock had never got into Parliament, lie would have very likely passed 'fnur yoeais ;s a ia main of ouseO anLId judgment, even while holding extreme and radical op,inionts. But in thne 's sembly lie has had to ineasuire himself i against enu of soniu siort if calibre. It is generally recogniseud that in point of mental stature lie doesn't colni u tto Trenwith's armpits. He is loud, rough, and bizarre ; but lie is ant vta whoi, contra dicts himself every ihalf-dozeu minutes, without the least idea tihat his 'colnfusion of thought has hurried him into any aib surdities. Pour Mr. Gillies is moulting. lie looks it, too. He limps into the tiouse for a few minutes, sits sllent and spiritless, and lounges out again. His star is eclipsed entirely. No one notices him, no one sympathises with hinm. He is at the bar and " on his trial." A mani who is on his trial feels unlike another nman, tono. He hasn't the spirit, and lie hasn't the go in him. ,..ir. Speight do:lares that lie is about " full" of the persecutions of this colony. He has certainly found a straegi turn, of I affairs. A few years ago lie was belauded a ridiculously and all but set ont a pedestal and' worshipped. I-I had done nothing, and deserved nothing. lBe his done little mlore Inow to deserve censure than he hhad I then ; but lie has disillusionised his wvr shippers. iMr. Gillies called him a" phe notllnllonl.t and the House cheered. Mr. Shiels calts lhitm ia blunderer and a despot.. and the House cries " Hear, hear !" -Sic transit gloria mntwuli, which means that it is sickening to be.glorilied on iMonday and condemned on Tuesday. The Parliament is now wiihin five months of dyitg a natural death. It is ii getting old anid wrinkled, nad yet it hais 1 a vast amount of work to do in its old age. t Can it do it ? Very few people believe' it I capable of the vigor reqnired to get through its progrannme before giving up the ghost.-Pltndt. 