PRESENTATION TO EX-CR. McCARTIN. The residents of West Shelbourue and and sur rounding district on Monday afternoon teu dered, A l[?]nguet at the Commeracial Hotel, West [?]he[?]ouing, [?]o [?]; [?] MeCartiu, for many years n councillor of Uie Marong Shire, but now of Lcongatho, in South Gipps land. Mr. McCartin, during his frsideuce at Sbclbourne, was a roost energetic man, his utmost to further the progress; of thO dis trict, active in the pursuit of his duties as a QouirciUor apd iuiobtqining railway communis datwu fot»tllcv diflriAtr ’Cr.'Addition NiahdTl occupied the chair at the banquet, being sup ported on his right by the gudst, Mr. P. Byrne and Cr. O’Neill (Bendigo)J and on his loft by Mr. D. C. Sterry, ; Crs. Illingworth and Hart (Marong Shire) and partaken of, and the formal toasts honored, the chair man., pre sented Mr. McCartin with a gold watch,' chain, and locket, and also a 'handsomely illuminated address, which read ;-t -“To Hugh McCartin, Esq., lieongalho. Dear Sir, NVc, the residents of Bhelbournc, Woodstock, Laanecoorio and elsewhere, have learned with feelings of the dedpest rogret that you havo (finally decided to sorer your connection with this neighlmr'hood and por iqanently. settle pi South Uippsl|tnd , l ni*id wo feel wo would be ungrateful in the extreme were we tq allow you to part wiiliout asking you to accept some alight token of the esteem) in .which you held by the people of tHe district who havo known you for upwards of a ' quarter«of a '<*nitu|y. Woq have .at all lißcSraxernd j&mrlclr; Sir Unc vietf&re; of (he district, and your efforts particularly with regard td’rallway extension are worthy of the highest praise, for, in this, as in! many other public matters, you took a detemiined 1 stand, and by your real and untiring energy un doubtedly hWlngfit it' to a smWssful issue. In private life you have exercised charity in n practical manner, being Always found ready' to assist generously in all charitable objects. While regretting your departure from amongst us wo rejoice Jo know that your future pro spects arc most encouraging, and in wishing you good-bye and God speed, truit tliat your self, Mra. MaCartin and family may long live to enjoy health, happiness and prosperity. We beg to subscribe ourselves, on behalf of the residents,—-Addison Nicholl (chairman), Frederick Gath (treasurer), Peter Byrne (secretary). Sholbournc West, Ist May, 1891. ” In making the presentation, Cr; Nieholl re ferred to the esteem in which Mr! McCartin was held by the residents of the district. lie and their guest had fought many battles to gether, .unpolitical, shire, and other .matters, and Mr. McCartin had ever been ready to de vote time, abilities, and energy towards every movement which promised in any way to benefit the district. (Hear, hear.) ‘ Hut Tor Mr. McCartin and a few others, railwoy com munication between Bhclboumc Utrd the prin cipal centres wopld, not have been established at the presontday. (Applopse.) He wo* a man of much public spirit ability, and would over dwell in the rcnieinbrance of the ale of the district Ho would also, no t,'' make his mark la' CHppsland. The chairman then' asked all pfeseut to riso. and honor their ghost’s heal tn in bumpers. Crs. Hart and Illingworth anil Messrs. J. C.' Curnoir, I>. CX Sterry, T., Longdou,* and Bt- Cr. Ryan supported' the tcfcst, which was enthusiastically honored. Cr. McCartin briefly acknowledged the present* the kind things yrbich had been said of "him. ' Cr. Itlingworih proposed “Tue Parliament of Victoria,” and Mr. Sterry responded. Mr. Langdon proposed w lx>cal bodies,” which waa responded to by Cfs. Illingwortli and Hart (Marong), Cr. O’Kdill (Bendigo), and Cr. McCartin (Woorayl. Shiro, South Gippaland). i , • 1 The toast of the “The Cotumereial In terest,” “The AgHcnltural Interest," “The Visitors,” “The Press,” “The host and iiOstwrSj and' ebairtna^' 1 were also honored. A danco was bold in the evening. 