ifc BETWEEN DRMKS. One cow maybeseen.ibut notlierd. / A man is never too Into for a train of j thought. 1 ' » ' ' If silence be golden dumb peoplo ought to grow -rich. "a m M. Time is the silent barber who mows '' away man's top hair. . ' It is a high purr critical audience that , listens to.a feline. orchestra. The man who lectures for a living, ex changes oratious for rations. Ho was a smart boy who defined a "b.o constrictor as a tail without a'body. There is a man in Indiana so lazy that lie won't even labor under an impression. » Every man knows of a good uso to wliioh some other man ought to devote his cash. ' " Lovo is composed of so many sensations that somothing now of it can always be said. \- » . A Solomon of. the turf lias observed that - . lie who giveth the odds usually' taketli the " oof!' " ' Motto for a newspaper, suggested by Ariel : "Small profits and quick' 're turns.' " ' - . There. are those who have nothing cliaato but their ears, and nothing virtuous bub- :their tongues. Tho latest returns indicate that the weigh of the transgressor is taken when he first enters prison.- # ' "Women swallow at one mouthful the lio that flatters, and drink drop by drop a truth'tbat is bitter. . ; .. - # . "... How many women would laugh at tho \- funerals of .their .husbands, l£-dt-wore not \- -.the custom >to weep ? > . . » « -It is tho knowing young man who labels his parcel of female photographs "Collec tion of souvenir -spoons." . # # ' ' The sowing of wild oats is necessary in the life of man. Libertinism is a leaven that ferments sooner or later. . . . » . Tho man who bolievos in . ghosts may be a better citizen tban the one who does not boliovo in his fellow creatures. » America's whisky output last yonr was '120,000 - gallons, -and whisky transactions are by no moans confined to the output. # Flossie : " I heard something about you ; -the -other day. Tottie: " Is it A ad enough to repeat ?" # Son: " What does hidden ages mean ?" ..-Father: "I don't, know .much .about . liiddon ages — your mother can .tell -you all about them !" # There is just one good poiut about the \- telephone. It enables two men to lie to each othor without displaying any embar rassment. 1 # # "I tell you travel develops a man. If . ' -lie Jias anything in .him it is bound .to come 'out -in travel." ' ' "Particularly ocean travol." \- # « . Little Tottie: "Wouldn't it make a dandy noise .to.stiok a pin in the .balloon P" Jiittle Johnny : " You bet it would ! 'Lat ma afcick one in yours." Old 'Un : "What do want -for eggs \this morning, grocer P" Grocer : " Cash down from you." ' "Heaven helps those who help them- - selves." Exti-act from Joethorpe'a note book, after threo .of the Bibd staff bad bson'hallf.an hour at the lunoheon countor. . Bystander: "You worked hard, ".sir, to. -save 'him .from drowning.' Rescuer : " You bdt I did. He owes me a fiver." « Minister to Johnny (who has been a bad lad): "I dou't expect to meet you in hoavon." Johnny -(innocently) : "What yor been doin' now ?" # # Lord Chief Justice Jeffreys, the hero (?) of the "Bloody Assize," once remonstrated ; with :a lady- who -was" giving her evidence -somewhat pertly, thus — " Madam, you are very quick." " 'Hot -half .so quick as your wife," was . the .retort. There was an awfnl silenco in court, as Jeffreys' wifo had added to-tho population . after .tw.o months. of wedded bliss, -and .the witness knew it. Mistress: " You must not light the fire with kerosone." Biddy: " Sura and I always used it in- my last place." . Mistress: "And did you never get 1 blown up ?" i Biddy : " Yis, mum ; most every day by .the missus, mum." ; "That gas stove i3 a dandy," said the . .agent. " You. can use it -for heating pur- poses in the winter — make' your -house warm as' toast— and rlion in snminer you : can cook with it." ' "But-it would'beihot -in summer," said the customer. " Oh, mo," returned the.ogeut, "it hardly . gives out any lieat< at. all." # - . What wo may oxpeot -from. ;the mew Divorce Bill : — He :(to marriage-license clerk): "Gi.vo me a marriago liconso, sir?" Clork : '"Do you Want single or round trip?" Ho: "Round trip, of courgo." And the clerk made out a license with divorce coupon-attached. Tho Agricultural Outlook' — Watching . your gardener from tho bedroom window whilo lie surreptitiously digs up the potatoes for his own use. . - , "Tho Prodigal : "Really, I am intoxicated with your beauty." Lottie: " Is that it ? I thought it was ! the whisky." ' '".Got a stiff neck, Jack ?" "Yes." "Cold?" "No. A pretty girl Bat a few Boats behind mo in the theatre lost night." # :# ' Burglar: "Say, Bill, them detectives is on mo' track." Mate : " Disgjjiso yourself as a business map;" Burglar,: "Thoy'd know by me mug I'm no business man." Mate: "Then disguise yourself as a Member .of Parliament." # ' "Aw, Mis3 Bullion, if you only knew Iiqw I adoah you ! I thow myself at yoah feet! " Woll, I think. if you would throw-youx- self. in tho harbor, Mr. Sappy, you'd do y ourael f - and - the .-public an i nfinite amount ' t of good !" It was thundering terribly. The Old : 'Un too'k his hat to leave tho honse. " Don't go, deal-, I am- afraid to. .stay here," said.his wife. ; " ' " I'm sca'rod, too. I want to got to a. bar as soon asrpossible. Why don't you keop whisky in flieliouse for just such an emer- geiioy ?" ' . " Mamma," said the little ten-year-old , girl, " I've fiuishpd reading that French novel 'that the Prodigal gave Flossie to readi" ' " I suppose you found it very interesting. Can't you tell mamma about it ?" queried : 'the -mother. "'Oh, yes.mnmma ; it was very interest ing. A very-luuidsoiuo young man and a vory beautiful young lady wautod to got \- married and their parents wouldn't let <thom,'SO they ran away and got married oue dark night, and then went oil on their honeymoon and stayed away six months, and when they came back they had a real nice baby -with -thorn, aud — woll, I boliovo that's all I can Tomom- bor." Thou mamma gave tho little novel reader a very large slice of cake and told 'her to -go out of doors-and play. Teacher: "You- must, not come _ to school any more, Tommy, until your mother ; has -recovered from the small-pox." - "Tommy,: "There ain't a bit of danger.' ; She ain't going to-give me the small-pox." i " Why, how is that P." " She's my stepmother. She never gives, j mo anything." ! 9 m i Sullivan: "Aw-er, did you-er kmckmy ; hat off intentionally, or just to make a fool of me ?" - ! Tough: "Why, I done it intentionally, j o' course. Wot's the matter wfil yer ? ! Sullivan : " Well-er, if s ,good for you j that you didn't do it to mako a foolef me, for I allow no man to mako a fool a£- me." 1 m ; " Tottie, I want to caution you ' against encouraging that young Twaddle. He' is nob tho stylo of man I fancy." > ! "Don't worry, pa, about my getting fond of -him. . He makes mo tired." Little Brother: "That's so, pa! He made Sis so tired last -night that she had to sit on his lap to rest." « Early Bird's youngest pair at it. Little -Brother : "I say, Sis, there's, a mouse in the room." His SiBter (jumping on a chair): "=Oh horrors!. Where?" Brother: " Right there, near the rug." Sister : " Oh, dear ! What shall T do. I can't see him." Brother (walking away): "Of course you couldn't. He's inside tho cat." assurd ease. Thoy woro ougagod. She camo to him With eyes that glowed as hot as Ha dm. Aud said, with angry look and grin, " I'm told, sir, you havo kissed two ladies!" " Why, darling, how absurd your rage I" ' He, laughing, cried, "'Twas but in fun; 'Together add both maidens' age, "Twould not amounts tweufcy-oue." Her auger soon was laughed away ; Sho only thought of ten and eleven; Her byes again shoao bright as day, Reflecting thoro the lover's heavau. Oh, rogue ! Though what you say was true, -She did not know the truths between, The one of thorn was only two, Tlib other temptress — sweet nineteen! . ' » Ho was _a young- mau who had been talking loudly of "his father's riches and liis own prospects, wfion an old woman leaned over the seat and asked : ' " Young man, did you say your pa. was rich ?" ' , " Yos, .ma'am." " "He'll bo apt to found, some charity, won't lie ?" ' " I think so." i 1 " Settled on auyfchiug. yet 2" - "No, ma'atn." . " Then please call his attoutiou to an idiot asylum.'' " Dear Jonathan," murmured the dark- eyed maid of Sydney, who had -just pro mised to marry tho fair-haired youth from Mount Victoria, " I ' am told that tho ladies up your way are immensely i'oud of wearing the breeches. Now, I would like to know if this is so, and, if it is, why do they do so ! Is it because they are stronger-minded than tho men ?" '" Oh ! no," replied the fair-haired Jonathan, as3nringly, " that isn't itatalL They, have to wear thorn because the weather up our way i3 so deuced cold that - thoy'd freeze to death if they didn't. And the simple-minded-youth wondered why it was his -girl -was blushing, so furiously-; ' # , Ho wiis a dudisli little man, but hoiiad . a loud voice and evidently wanted everyono to know what lie said. He and a com- ' panioii, who, bo it said to iiis credit, seemed asbamcd of tiio company ho was in, stood ' in an hote'l -the other niglit. Tho little follow was talking about Ireland, and he i said many hard things about the country ' aud .the people. A . great big man stood ' near by listening to the -little fellow's vaporings. JIo merely smiled until . the : little fellow said iu a very loud tone, "Show ' mo an Irishman and I'll show you a ; coward." Then the big follow slipped up and" ; touching the little fellow on the shoulder, i said, in a heavy bass voice, " What's that you said ?" " I said, sliow mo an Irishman and I'll show jon a coward,-" said tlio little fellow, : whoso knees wore .shaking under lum. " Woll, I'm an Irishman," said the bio- fellow. " "You are an Irishman. Well," and a smile of joy flit ted over tlio little fellow's countenance- as- he saw a- tolo through- whioh -lie could crawl, I'-m a -ooward," . DESIGN FOB NE W 'TONGUE EOH POST-OFFICE UEIiliS. Suggested by.tUo action of tlio P..M.G. lu luiuglug on to oitljo l>y UU eyelids. 