SPORTING NEWS. ON THE FIELD. BY SENTINEL. The fact is, sir, that I am unlucky. It doesn’t matter whether it is the railway authorities, or those connected with the post office, or those in this office, whichever it is the result is the same After o irefully analysing the chances of the candidates for the Metropolitan I awarded the win to a lady, and that lady did win My dual selections for Metrop. were Yowi or Muriel, with Sunshine to run well up Muriel dropped out, Yowi won, and Sunshine ran second. The letter containing this infor mation should have reached Mr Editor at half past 4on Monday last. As it did not appear in Tuesday’s issue, I conclude it must have gone astray. I would have said nothing about it had I not been assailed on several hands for the omission. A sporting medico, who generally has a score on our tip, glanced at me savagely, and said he would like to saw one of my biggest bones. I told him to mtervie v the editor, and to be sure and take his surgical case with him. A lady from By rock, in New South Wales, sent a few pounds to go on our selection. I read the letter, but I do not know the lady This is perhaps lucky for me if we should ever meet Several others have also signified their disapproval of our selections being omitted. Well, it can’t be helped, but will you kindly, Mr Editor, set me right with readers, in order that they may be assured that the fault was not with me. [The report was given out for “ copy,” but, through an over sight, was held over with other correspond ence.—Ed J Megaphone, by running Marvel to a head over a mile and a quarter, has set the seal to his position as first favorite for Melbourne Cup. It was a great go, and the great gnn very nearly exploded. Had it been another furlong, Mr Wallace’s colt would have got away with him. As it was, it was one of the most slashing contests of the meeting. Oxide revenged himself for his Derby defeat by reversing positions with Stromboh. When they meet m our Derby I shall expect Stromboli to reverse them again. That flying machine, Bungebah, electrified the spectators by clearing out from Ins field in the Wycombe Stakes. At the same time he struck terror into the hearts of those who have plunged against him for Caulfield. He ran the Inst six furlongs of the 11 in a tick over 1 16, the last four being completed in 48i Now then, Penance —what chance in the Cup? Well, if he wins the Derby he will have a2oto 1 chance in the Cup But wait till be wins the Derby. Oxide, 76, just failed to win A.J.C. Derby Must be a fair colt Killaloe, 7 6, has no change in this Cup Ronald, 7 6, is by Sardonyx, one of the gamcst horses, albiet the most unlucky, that ever looked through a bridle. He is credited with a fair turn of speed, but his Queens land performances do not warrant me in re commending him Pei haps the Ctulfield Cup will suit him better. Lapstone and Dundas will find the end of their tether before they get two miles. E K. and Norbert may for once and all be dismissed. Jew Boy and Carrington are clearly classed out of it. Elymas, Proh Pudor and Glenloth will most pi'obably go out Wild Rose, 7 5, is a bevutiful filly and one of the sweetest flyers I have seen. There’s no denying her parentage which is New minster—Primrose It is good enough to go ns fast as the beat of them and stay the journey right out Here agun the Caulfield Cup comes in, Cobham is a 4, by Grand Flaneur, 7 4 He is owned by a thorough sport over the border, and I hear he is doing well. Forest King, 7 4, on his breeding has a chance with this weight in any race. Yarrau is better for a sprint than a journey Knight of the Garter, 7 3, has an outside show It is to he hoped th vt the bloomer they made with his trial last year will not be repeated. Yarmon and Dihsk do not appear to ad vantage. Burlesque aud Calm mvy be passed over at present Lancer and Conceit mvy with the Grena dier go on furlough. Swordbearer may as well accompany them Adventurous. No, sir, I am not suffi ciently so to advise it Stone Design may go to Staraboul, and Winifred and Elfie may have Forty Winks either at Ascot Yale or Bengal Magnus, 7 1, is a gentleman I have had my eye on for a long time Several notices of favorable import have appeared in this col He is by Grandm ister—Miriam Last season he w asn’t out. His credentials are good, and as his party thought he c mid win the Metrop A bit short of work he must have a big say in anything he starts for when thoroughly wound up. Sweetbit is a Sweetmeat horse, blit so far ho has not done much Hartington and ZMinska are a brace of good colts. Strathmore and St Blaize I don’t care for. Patrol is a Flaneur colt, with one win to credit as a 4 His dad won it, why not he. Steadfast and Sadun are Derby colts Let’s wait and see how they shape there Empire, liraillene, Montrose, and War rego belong to the rank and file. Steruchaser, Affiance, Sulphide, Bel Giorno, Corinth, Theodore, Wandsworth, aud the Snell may bo dropped. I here is, in fact, nothing in the limit divisions that possesses a ghost of a show, at least so far as present appearances are concerned, therefore we need not occupy apace by dealing with them If any of them display anything superior between this and then, ne can come at them again. 