The Sunday Reader. THK 00R8R. Bv the Rev. H. Law. ' He that ia hanged la accursed of God.'— Deut, *xi, 28. This Eb a terrible word. It shows tho misery of miseries, the inmost core of agony, the very soul of anguish, the sting of woe, despairs extremity. This sum of evil is the curse of God. t t When Ood blesses, sorrow is joy, pain hns sweet ease, and burdens lose their weight. Beneath His smile the bod of sickness is repose, and death's apprnnoh is weloomcd. If He be supply ; but If He frown what horrors multiply. What shall be said, then, of that ourse which is His uttermost display of wrath ? Better, far better, not to have been born, than to meet this. O my soul, what ever be the cost escape it. With this resolve approach the text beforo us. The outside casket may seem rough, but it contains a preclouR jewel. ' He that is hnnged is accursed of Qod.' The meaning must be primarily sought, Mark, {this is no statement that criminals up- lifted on a cross thereby pass into deeper f;uilt. There was, indeed, extremest ignomy n this mode of death. It was the brand of utter loathing. But man's contempt entails not diviue curse. Kartb may abhor whilst , Heiven approves. The cross coold never be the cause. i Curse. A saint might rise to heaven from that tree. It is not meant, then, that a m«n by beiofc hanged becomes accursed of God, This word describes not malefactors in the mass. It is particular. It has a prophet's voice. It is a gospel sign. It eyes exclu sively the crucified Jesus It onhr tells the fact that He who came to bear Ood'e curie should hang upon the tree. He pictures His especial mode of dying. A cross shall be the evidence that Jesus thereon sustains the law's full threat. Reader, this brings us to ponder closely the Lord's work. From all eternity it was decrecd that He should bear His people's sins. This is the essence of the covenant of peace. He willingly consents. The guilt is all trans* I ferred to Him. Each violation of the law is I charged to Wis account. He stands the guilty I one. Thus all His ransomed are released , from blame. Their penalties — their curse are wholly claimed, and received, and borne by Him. A proxy suffers all, that they may suffer none. These are the torms arranged in everlasting counsels. The Saviour is to be a substitute The saved are to be free, because He pays. The law remits no due. It takes all from another's hand. Jesus is a vicarious curse. Such is God's grace— such the Redeemer's love— such the simplicity of Salvation's scheme. This text, then, uivea a signal mark, whereby tbe curse-snbtainTng surety shall be known Already had a typal picture taught the troth. A brazen serpent, hanglog on a pole, had shown the Saviour hanging on a tree. But here plain words speak plainly. Hanging is now distinctly named. The voice cric, H', that is hanged, is the curse of God. No doubt remains. It stands announced, that when the true Deliverer shall appear, upon the cross He shall expire. A pledge is given, too marvellous for inans's invention— too clear for man to. misinterpret. If this should fail, faith loses her sure ground. If other 'death makes Christ his Gospel fabric crumbles into duet. Hut this fails not. Without the city's gate the cross is raised. To it the Lord is bound. On it He in upraised, a spectacle to God, to angels, aud to men. But wondrous steps lead to this wondrous end. It seemed as though it could not be. While's Israel's power remained supreme the cross was not a Jewish in ilefactor's death. If Jesus die, then, by their rule He will uot die with pierced hands and feet. Stones will crush. But difficulties vanish before God's decree. The sceptre, therefore, passes from the ancient people. The Roman law prevails. It must condemn and exocutc. But, when the Romans slay, they crucify Hence Christ, sentenced by Pilate, is hurried to the tree. Hence on the cross He hangs. The prophecy is thoroughly fulfilled. And faith, pointing to Calvary, shouts — Our God is true ; Jesus completely saves: 'He that is hangod is accursed of God.' Reader, here for a moment take yonr medi tative Meat. But vain the cross except the spirit gild it witb His light. Therefore, send forth the fervont cry—Oome, Holy Ghost, teach me the glory of Calvary's scene. The promioent truth is this. Jesus there hanging is the curse of God. Fully to realise the joy of this we mcst dis tinctly understand the curse. Whence springs it? What kindles this fierce flune? Dis obedience is the one cause. If ail men loved their God — if His one law ruled in each^heart — beamed io each look— spake in each word — moved in each step— then earth would not have known the name of curse. The loving child, walking with God, would only bask in smiles and feast on blessings. But ah ! how different is the cose. Io Adam's fall the human family pass into rebel lion's realm. The fouotatn.head, being poisoned, only can send evil from it. Hence wrath arires. Hcnce the curse thunders. Reader, make this truth practical. For until ruin be discerned Christ^ shelter never I will be sought. Boldly then «*k, Is this : curse mine ? | Let God reply. Behold His mirror. View ! yourself therein. Take His true standard. 1 Measure yourself thereby. Produce His faultless scales. There weigh yourself. The Spirit from His lofty throne thus speaks— ' Cursed is every one that continueth not in all things which are writteu in the book of the law to do them (Gal. iii. 10). Oh ! solemn word ! But it Is plaio as solemn. Hear it, ye sons of men. Sift care fully its several parts. What is written in this edict-book ? The terms are brief and exaot. They ask for love to God— to man. This is tbe one demaad ; and this mu«t ceipa in every movement of the heart from cradle to the grave. All thought must flow in one broad channel— love. All words must souod one echo— love. All works must have this spring | — this course— this end. Exception there fa none. This rule's enclosure holds our total race. No rank ascends above It. No poverty descends below it. God cannot purchase license, Penury cannot evade. Talent and learning cannot frame excuse. All who have breathed life's breath, from Adam's day to this one hour— nil who shall breathe until the Lord's return— are under tbe distinct oommand of love. If there be failure in one single thought, the law Is broken and the curse accrues. ^ But eyes are slow to open to the giant truth, Could silly earth be one wide eeene of unooo* ccrn, if this reality were felt. Could giddy erowds thus laught end sport, If onoe they ; saw the hand of curse upon them. Reader, perchance you fondly reason, the i law is broken, but the enrse will aot fell, i My pleas are many. They will land meon | \--uss,v nvu, vuvu, prvuuce your piess | The law says, give me unsullied love, and points to your defect, You cannot deoy guilt, and thereby you allows tho curse to be your due. But you reply, I erred in early days, with .unformed mind and thoughtlesss heart. Be It so, early transgression Is trans* greasion still, and, therefore, you are cursed, Vou add, but 1 was sorely tried* Could human nature stand, when so assailed ? The law knows nothlug of an extending cause. To err— bo tho occasion what It may— to err is to be cursed. But, 'perhaps, you plead your penltonoe— your |broken heart— your streaming eyes— your smitten breast— the pavement worn out by your knees, Can penitence reoall the past, or undp what Is done? It cannot. Onenoe remains offenoe, and offenoe Is ourse, Do you betake yourself to cries, end humbly supplicate mercy— reprieve — spaco for reform I Do you say, let mo oominenoe my oourse afresh— blot out the debt, aud let me enter on a new career, It cannot be. Past deeds havo earned tbelr wages. The wages must be paid, and they are curse, Reader, do not evade this reasoning. What ever be your ago or grade, to this point you are brought— in self— by nature—by your own deed— you stand accursed of God, There is no hour in which love has net failed. There* fore oach hour has linked you to the curse. But perhaps you atk, What is this curse ? You feel no present wrath. The oanopy of heaven is bright above. Sholter and food and friends abound. Unnumbered oomforts cheer your path. It may be so. But this present will not be always present. The future ia d cawing near. Death pressos at your heels. And judgment follows death. Then fin's desorts must be reoeived. And the deserts aie ourso. Do you still ask, what is tho curse? Words osnnftt fully tell. Thought cannot grasp the magnitude. No images oan paint the bound lessness of thh ancuish. But it cannot fall short of this. Goa puts forth all His might stirs up His utmost strength— strains every effbrt— all for one purpose— to assert His majesty — to avenge His broken law— to heap perdition on the offender's head. In brief, the ourse is hell. Ah I what Is here implied I Conscience is tortured by the undying worm. Remorse inflicts unmitigated stings. Memory upbraids with bitterest reproach. The body writhes In alt intensities of pain. Each sense I capos, as inlet of agony. God is far off. I Blackness of darkness thickens all around. I Satan Insults. Wretched companions deepen the horror by their wails. The woe increases by full knowledge of eternal hopelessness. Years will roll on, but miacy will be misery still. Ages will follow ages, but respite will not dawn. The present will b* ever present, an infinity of suffering. Such is an outline of I the curie— just merited — and sure. It must be. The broken law demands it. It will be. God's truth declares it But wherefore is this picture drawn ? The purport is to endear the tidings of escape. The motive is to magnify the glorious truth, ' He that {b hanged,' even Jesus, 'is accursed of God.' The desire is, to win all thoughts to Him— the substituted curse. With this intent let ns return to Calvary, The cross is there erected. The mighty God* man is dragged to It, The nails affix Him, and He there expires. Thus he becomes the curse of God. Thus the whole vengeance falls on Him. He there bears all the ancuish. which would have been His people's doom, if they had tossed for ever on flame- beds. No grain of misery is withheld. No pity spares Him. The curse— tbe dreadful curse — the total curse— in all its boundless length and breadth pours its whole weight upon Him. Surely, then, all who are contained in Christ may now confront the law. Let it bring forth their guilt. They owo the jus , tice of the charge. Let it cry, Take my curse. I They point to Jesus taking all. The plea is | valid. They cannot suffer what their Surety i has first borne. They are secure and free, | simply bocause He has endured for them. Believer, will you not live beside the cross ! Oan vow withdraw your eyes ! Read its clear language. Take its rich comfort. Clasp its full joy. Doubt not— be very assured — that it absorbs your curse. Drink its deep streams of pea re. And bless your prccions Lord, who thus vicariously saves Give all your heart— give all your life— to Him. Is He not worthy ? Think that, without His love, your endless state would have been end less curse. Think that, through his curse bearing death, your present state h blessing — your eternal home is glory. 