FICTION. From English, Ainerlcnn and Other perlorilcnli. THE XVEMGER. CHAPTER V THE AVENOING ANGELS. AU night tbeir course lay through intricate de- files and over irregular and rock-strewn paths. More than once they lost their way, but Hope's intimate knowledge of the mountains e tabled them to regain the track once more. When morning broke, a scene of marvellous though savage beauty lay before them. In every direction the great snow-capped peaks hemmed them in, peeping over räch other's shoulders to the far horizon. So steep was the rocky banks on either side of them, that the larch and the pine seemed to be suspended over their heads, and to need only a gust of wind to come hurling down upon them. Nor was the fear entirety an illusion, for the barren valley was thickly strewn with trees and boulders which had fallen in a similar manner. Even as they passed, a great rock carne thundering down with a hoarse rattle which woke the echoes in the silent gorges, and startled the weary horses into a gallop. As the aun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps at a festival, until they were all ruddy and glow:ng. The magnificent spectacle cheered \ the hearts of the three fugitives and gave them fresh energy. At a wild torrent which swept out of a ravine they called a halt and watered their horses, while they partook of a hasty breakfast. Lucy and her father would fain have rested longer, but Jefferson Hope was inexorable. " They will be upon our track by this t'me," ho said. '* Every- thing depends upon our speed. Once safe in Carson we may rest for the remainder of our lives." During the whole of that day they struggled on through the defiles, and by evening they calculated that they were mee than fifty miles from their enemies. At night time they chose the base of a beetling crag, where the rocks afforded some pro- tection from the chill wind, and there huddled together for warmth, they pnjoyed a few hours' sleep. Before daybreak, however, they weçe up and on their way once more. They had seen no signs of any pursuers, and Jefferson Hope began to think that they were fairly out of the reach of the ter- rible organisation whose enmity they had incurred. He little knew how far that iron grasp could reach, or how soon it was to close upon them and crush them. About the middle of the second day of tbeir flight their scanty store of provisions began to run out. This gave the hunter little uneasiness, however, for there was gamo to be had among the mountains, and he had frequently before had to depend upon his rifle for the need of life. Choosing a sheltered nook, he piled together a few dried branches and made a blazing fire, at which his companions might warm themselves, for they were now nearly five thousand feet above the sea level, and the air was bitter and keen. Having tethered the hoi ses, and bade Lucy adieu, he threw his gun over his shoul- der, and set out in search of whatever chance might throw in his way. Looking bick, he saw the old man and the youn<* girl crouching over the blaz'ng fire, while the three animals stood motionless in the background. Then the intervening rocks hid them from his view. He Walked for a couple of miles through one ravine after another without success, though from the marks upon the bark of the trees, and other indications, he judged that there were numerous bears in the vicinity. At last, after two or three 'hours' fruitless search, he was thinking of turning back in despair, when casting his eyes upwards he saw a sight which se it a thrill of pleasure through his heart. On the edge of a jutting pinnacle, three or four hundred feet above bim, there stood a creature somewhat resembling a sheep in appearance, but armed with a pit- of gigantic horns. The big-horn-for so it was called -was acting, probably, as a guardian over a flock which weie invisible to the hunter ; tut fortunately it was heading in the opposite direction, and had not perceived him. Lying on his face, he rested his rifle upon a rock, and took a "ong and ste-dy aim beforo drawing the trigger. The animal spraug into the air, tottered for a moment upon the edge of the precipice, and then caine crashing down into the valley beneath. The creaturo was too unwieldy to lift, so the hunter contented himself t^ith cutting away one haunch and part of the flank. With this trophy over his shoulder, he hastened to retrace his steps, for the evening was already drawing in. He had hardly started, however, before he realised the difficulty which faced him. In his eagprne3s he had wandered far past the ravio.es which were known to him, and it \t as no easy matter to pick out the path which he had taken. The va'ley in which he found himself divided and sub- divided into many gorges, which were so like each other, that it was impossible te distin- guish one from the other. He followed one for a mile or more until he came to ii mountain to.rent, which he was sure that he had never seen before. Convinced that he had taken the wrong tuco, he tried another, but with the same result. Nigh$ was coming on rapidly, and it wes almost dark before he at last found himself in the defile which J was familiar to lum. Even then it wa« no easy matter to keep to the right track, for the moon had not yet risen, and the high cliffs on either side made the obscurity more profound. Weighed down with his burden, and weary from his exer- tions, he stumbled along, keeping up his heart by the reflection that every step brought him nearer to Lucy, and that he carried with him enough to ensure them food for the remainder of their jour- ney. He had now come to the mouth of the very defile in which he had left them. Even in the darkness he could recognise the outline of the cliffs which bounded it. They must, he reflected, be awaiting him anxiously, for he had been absent nearly five hours. In the gladness of his heart he put his hands to his mouth and made the glen re-echo to a loud halloo as a signal that he was coming. He paused and listeend for au answer. Wone came save his own cry, which clattered up the dreary silent ravines, and was borne back to his ears in count- less repetitions. Again he shouted, even louder than be"orL', and again no whisper came back from the friends he had left such a thort time ago. A vague, nameless dread came over him, and he hurried onwards fraiitica'ly, dropping the precious food in h!s ngitation. When he turned the corner he came full in Bight of the spot where the fiie had been lit. There was still a glowing pile of wood ashes there, but it had evidently not been tended since his departure. The same dead silence still reigned all lound. With his fears all changed to convictions he hurried on. There was no livi_g creature near the remains of the fire j animals, man, maiden, all were gone. It was only too clear that some sudden and terrible dhmter had occurred du.'in^ his absence-a disaster which had embraced them all, and yet had left no traces behind it. Bewildered and stunned by this blow, Jefferson Hope felt his head spin round, and had to lean upon his rifle to save himself from Tailing. He was essentially a man of action, however, and speedily recovered from h)B temporary impotence. Seizing a half-consumed piece of wood from the smouldering fire, he blew it into a flame, and proceeded with its help to examine the little camp. The ground was all stamped down by the feet ef horses, showing that a large party of mounted men had overtaken the fugitives, and the direction of their tracks proved that they had afterwards turned back to Salt Lake City. Hay they carried back both of his companions with them ? Jefferson Hope had almost persuaded himself that they must have done so when his eye fell upon an opject which msde every nerve of his body tingle within him. A little way on oue side of the camp was a lowlying heap of reddish soil, which had assuredly not been there before. There was no mistaking it for anything but a newly-dug grave. As the young hunte? approached it, he pereeived that a st{ck had been p'anted on it, with a sheet of paper stuck in the cleft fork of it. The inscription upon the paper was brief, but to the point : JOHN FERRIER, FOKMEBLT OF SALT LAKE ClTT, Died August 4th, 1860. ' The Btufdy old man, whom he had left so shott a time before, was gone, then, and this was all his epitaph. Jefferson Hope looted wildly round to see if there nas a second grave, but there was no sign of one. Lucy had been carried back by their ter- rible pursuers to fulfil her original dest'ny, by becoming one of the harem of the Elder's son. As the young fellow realised the certainty of her fate, and his own powerless:! ess to prevent it, he wished that he, too, was lying with the old farmer in his last s-lerjt rosting-place. Again, however, his active spirit shook off the lethargy which springs from d ipair. If theie ivas nothing e^se left to him, he could at once devote his life to revenge. With indomitable patience and pe-.severance, Jefferson Hope pos.essed also a power of sustained vindictiveness, which he may have learned from the Indians amongst whom he had lived. As he stood by the desolate fire, he felt that the only one tb'ng which could assuage his gfief would be thorough aDd complete retribution, brought by his own hand upon his enemies. His s'u.ong will and untiring enerby should, he deter- mined, be devoted to that one end. With a grim, white face, he retraced his steps to where he had dropped the food, and having stirred up the smouldering fire, he cooked enough to last him for a few days. This he made up into a bundle, and, tired as he was, he set himself to walk back through the mountains upon the track of the avenging angels. \- For five days he toiled footsore and weary through the defiles which he had already tra versed on horse- back. At night he flung h'mseîf down among the rocks, and snatched a few hours of sleep ; but boCore daybreak he was always well on hi3 way. On the sixth day, he reached the Eagle Canon, from which t jey had commenced t'ieir ill-fated flight. Thence he could look down upon the home of the saints. Worn and exhausted, he leaned upon his rifle and shook his gaunt hand fiercely at the silent wide spead city beneath him. As he looked at it, he observed that there wera flags in tome of the prin- cipal st-.^ets, and other signs of fest-vity. He was still speculating as to what this might meai when he heard the clatter of horse's hoofs, a'ld saw a mounted man riding towards him. As he ap- proached, he recognised bim as a Mormon named Cowper, to whom he had rendered services at different times. He therefore accosted him wiien he got up to him, with the oljectof finding out what Lucy Ferrier's fate had been. " I am JeffcrEon Hope," he said. " Yon remem her me." The Mormon looked at him with undisguised astonishment-indeed, it was difficult to recognise in this tattered, unkempt wanderer, with ghastly white face and fierce, wild eyes, the spruce young hunter of former days. Having, however, at last satisfied himself as to his identity, the man's sur- prise changed to consternation. "You are mad tocóme here," be cried. "It is as much as my own life is worth to be seen talking with you. There is a warrant against you from the Holy Four for assisting the Ferriers away. " I dou't fear them, or their warrant," Hope said, earnestly. " You must know something of this matter, Cowper. I conjure you by everything you hold dear to answer a few questions. We have always been friends. For God's sake, don't refuse to answer me." "What is it?" the Mormon asked uneasily. "Be quick. The very rocka have ears and the trees eyes. "What has become of Lucy Ferrier ?" " She was lnar.-ied yesterday to young Drehber. Hold up, man, hold up, you have no life left ia you." " Don't mind me," Baid Hope faintly. He was white to the very lips, and had sunk down on the stone against which ho had been leaning, I " Mauied, you say ?" " Married yesterday-that's what those flags are for on the Endowment House. There was some words between young Drebber and young Stanger son as to which was to have her. They'd both been in the party that folbwed them, and Stanger son had shot her father, which seemed to give him the best claim ; but when they argued it out in council, Drebber's party was the stronger, so the Prophet gave her over to him. No one won't have her very long though, for I saw death in her face yesterday. She is more like a ghost that a woman. Are you off, then ?" " Yes, I am off," said Jefforson Hope, who had risen from his seac. His face might have been chiselled out of marble, so hard and set was it3 ex- pression, while its eyes glowed with a baleful light. " Where are you going ?" " Never mind," he answered ¡ and, slinging his weapon over his shoulder, strode off down the gorge and so away into the heart of the mountains to the haunts of the wild beasts. Amongst them all there was none so fierce and so dangerous as himself. The prediction of the Mormon was only too well fulfilled. Whether it was the terrible death of her father or the effects of the hateful marriage into which she had been forced, poor Lucy never held up her head again, but pined away and died within j a month. Her sottish husband, who had married her principally for the sake of John Perrier's pro- perty, d'A not affect any great grief at his bereave- ment; but bis other wives mourned over her, and sat up with her the night befoie the burial, as is the Mormon custom. They were grouped round the bier in the early hours of the morning, when, (o there inexpressible fear and astonishment, the door was flung open, and a savage-looking, weather beaten man in tattered garments strode into the room. Without a glEnce or a word to the cowering women, ho walked up to the white silent figuio which had once contained the puro soul of Lucy Perrier. Stooping over her, he pressed his lips reverently to her cold forehead, and then, snatching up her hand, he took the wedding-ring from her finger. " She shall not be buried in that," he cried, with a fierce snarl, and before an alarm could be raised sprang down the stairs and was gone. So strange and so brief was the episode, that the watchers might have found it hard to believe it themselves or persuade other people of it, had it not been for the undeniable fact that tho circlet of gold which marked her as having been a bride had disappeared. For some months Jefferson Hope lingered among the mountains, leading a strange, wild life, and nursing in his heart the fierce desire for vengeance which possessed him. Tales were told in the city of the weird figure which was seen prowling about the suburbs, and which haunted the lonely moun- tain gorges. Once a bullet whibtled through Staugersou's window and flattened itself upon the wall within a foot of him. On another occasion, as Drebber passed under a cliff, a great boulder crashed down on him, and he only escaped a terrible death by throwing himself upon his face. The two young Mormons were not long in dis- covering the reason of these attempts upon their lives, and led repeated expeditions into the mountnns in the hope of capturing or killing their enemy, but always without success. Then they adopted the precaution of never going out alone or after nightfall, and of having their houses guarded. After a time they were able to relax these measures, for nothing was either heard or seen of their opponent, and they hoped that time had cooled his vindicti veness. Far from doing so ; it had, if anything, augmented it. The hunter's mind was of a hard, unyielding nature, and the predominant idea of revenge had taken such complete possession of it that there was no room for any other emotion. He was, however, above all things practical. He soou realised that even his iron constitution could not stand the inces- sant stia'n which he was putting upon it. Expos Jre and want of wholesome food were wearing him out. If he di"d like a dog among the mountains, what was to bf come of his revenge then ? And yet such a death was sure to overtake him if he persiBtad. He fe't that that was to play his enemy's game, so he reluctantly returned to his old Nevada mines, there to recruit his health and to amass money enough to allow him to pursue his object without pWvatfon. His intention had been to be absent a year at the most, but a combination of unforeseen circum- stances prevented his leaving the mines for nearly five. At the end of that time, however, his memory of his wrongs and his craving for revenge were quite as keen as on that memorable night when he stood by John Ferrier's grave. Disguised, and under an tssumed name, he returned to Salt Lake City, carelc&s; what became of his own.life, as long as he obtained what he knew to be justice. There he found evil tidings awaiting him. There had been a schism among the Chosen People a few months before, some of the younger members o the Church having rebelled against the authority of the Elders, and the result had been the seces- sion of a certain number of the malcontents who had left Utah and become Gentiles. Among these had been Drebber and Stangerson; and no one knew whither they had gone. Kumour reported that Drebber had managed to convert a large part of his property into money, and that he had do- pai ted a wealthy man, while his companion, Stan- gerson, was comparatively poor. There was no clue at all, however, as to their whereabouts Many a man, however vindictive, would have abandoned all thought of revenge in the face of such a difficulty, but Jefferson Hope never faltered for a moment. With the small competence he pos- sessed, eked out by such employment as he could pick up, he travelled from town to town through the Un ited States in quest of his enemies. Year passed into year, his black hair turned grizzled, but still he wandered on, a human bloodhound, with his mind wholly set upon the one object upon which he had devoted his life. At last his perseverance was rewarded, It was but a glance of a face in a win- dow, but that one glance told him that Cleveland, in Ohio, possessed the men of whom he was in pur of. He returned to his miserable lodgings .With his plan of vengeance all arranged. It chanced, how- ever, that Drebber, looking from his window, had recognised the vagrant in the street, and had read murder in his eyes. He had hurried before a jus- tice of the peace, accompanied by Stangerson, who had become his private secretary, and represented to him that they were in danger of their lives from the jealousy and hatred of an old rival. That even- ing Jefferson Hope was taken into custody, and, not being able to find surettes, was detained for some weeks. When at last he was liberated it was only to find that Drebber's house was deserted, and that he and his secretary had departed for Europe. Again the avenger had been foiled, and again his cou"entrated hatred urged him to continue the pursuit. Funds were wanting, however, and for some time he had to return to work, saving every dollar for his approaching journey. At last, having collected enough to keep life in him he departed for Europe, and tracked his enemies from city to city, working his way in any menial capacity, but never overtaking the fugitives. When he reached St. Petersburg they had departed for Paris ; and when he followed them there he learned that they had just set out for Copenhagen. At the Danish capi- tal he was again a few days late, for they had journeyed on to London, where he at last suc- ceeded in running them to earth. As to what oc- curred there, wo cannot do better than quote the old hunter's own /account, as duly recorded in Dr. Watson's Journal, to which we are already under snch obligations. (To ha continued.) 