The Railway Bill was passed through committee on Thursday night, or, more correctly on Friday morning, under somewhat remarkable circumstances as, when clause 31 was readied, the leader of the Opposition suggested an adjournment of the House, on the plea that the clauses remaining to be disposed of would require careful con sideration. The Premier refused to consent to an adjournment, whereupon the principal members of the Oppo sition left the House in a body, and the remaining clauses were passed almost without debate. Action such as was taken by the Opposition is usually re garded as a strong protest against some grave irregularity or injustice. In the present instance it probably meant only ■ that the opponents of the bill found themselves in a hopeless minority, and retired rather than maintain a forlorn hope. On clause 24, the purport of which we gave yesterday, there was a very lengthy debate, the general , ob jection being..that .it'.went too much into detail. It was, however, agreed to on the understanding that the Minister of Hail ways should endeavor to obtain the same object in more general and comprehensive terms. Clause 26, which requires the Commissioners to report on any questions submitted by the Minister within one month, was passed on a similar understanding. The effect of these two clauses, which should be taken conjointly, is to give the Minister, as the representative of Parliament, a regulating and controlling power over a number of things which have hitherto been at the will of the Commissioners, and in fact to break down the irre sponsible authority which they have persistently claimed and used. Thb Commissioners will have certain limits within which their powers will be unquestioned and their responsibilities unshared. In all the larger matters of railway administration, the Commis sioners will act with the knowledge and under the sanction of the Govern ment. Clause 27, which introduces the betterment principle, was with drawn, Mr Monro undertaking to deal with the matter in connection with the next: Railway Construction Bill. Clause 29, providing that no contracts the amount of which is over £5OOO or which extend beyond a year shall be entered into except with , the ■ consent of the Governor in Council, was agreed..to. in the face of the . most determined opposition of theex- P'remier. The House adopted, the proposal that the estimated cost of a railway should never be exceeded ex cept by direct sanction of Parliament, and after this the Opposition members withdrew, as stated above. Progress after this was rapid. Clauses 31 to 37, dealing with appointments of officers, were accepted without ques tion. Clause 38, limiting the amount of compensation and retiring allow ances of officers and employers, was voluntarily withdrawn by Mr Monro. A stand was made at clause 41, pro viding that officers may be called upon to retire -before,; reaching the age of 65, but the clause • was agreed to, and 'after that the remain-- ing 17 .clauses were passed almost ;as fast as- they could be read. Mr Kieton tried to get two new ones inserted,' one to abolish the standard of height for railway employes, and the other to reserve light employment in the de partment for men-between 40 and 65 years old. The House would have neither, and the bill was reported. The third reading is yet to come, and there may be some debate as to the best form into which to recast clauses 24 and 25. But there can be no question now that a very large majority of the House will pass the bill prac tically as.it stands. What the members of the other Chamber will do with it remains to be seen. General Booth’s meetings in Ballarat on Thursday and yesterday constitute his farewell to Victoria. He has come and gone, and just as his welcome was such as is accorded to but few men, so, probably, the effects of his visit will be more marked and more enduring. The enthusiasm with which he . is regarded by his “Army” is something which,is also very real, as is well attested by the week of voluntary self-denial and its magnificent outcome in the shape of an offering of £lO,OOO. How much of this self-abnegatory enthusiasm is a sentimental regard for a very magnetic and powerful individual,' and how much earnest and enduring surrender to God, we need not enquire, neither need we affect to believe, as some do, that the genuine element is com paratively small. So far as we can see,' the testimony is altogether the other way. With this, however, we have less immediate- concern than with the description given by the General himself of his reformatory schemes, as to their bearing upon the Australian colonies. We have heard a good deal about dumping British paupers upon Aus tralian shores, about tainting our social atmosphere with the sewage of the old world, and the like, and, no doubt, thousands have believed that this is what General Booth proposed to do. But as to it all iit is surely only fair play to hear the General’s own story. -Whatever we may think of his plans and their pos sible interference with colonial labor markets, .we should at least for. own sakes if not for his, acquaint ourselves with the real facts. The first principle of his work, he said, was that we should aim at permanently re lieving every suffering human being, and the second that this relief should be thorough and effective. The prin ciple that rises and asserts itself in case of wreck, or disease, or fire, should, he thought, be carried through every nook and corner of our whole social system. In all this no one will gainsay him. As to his projects with reference to Australia,, he evidently would like to try his experiment of bringing out 100 individuals, of ap proved character, and look after them and provide for them until they became able to provide for themselves. Out of the three millions of people his “Darkest England" dealt with, two millions and a quarter were decent, hard-working people, who only wanted a chance to earn their own living. In terviewed by our Trades’ Hall repre sentatives, the General told them that they ought to support him, because, if successful, he would rid the labor market , of blacklegs, and make the workers a greater power in the com munity than ever before. Ho cannot, he says, get land in the old country at a reasonable price, but, he maintains that colonies such as he proposes to in troduce, would not only be no invasion of the rights of the workers of Aus tralia, but would in every sense make a desirable addition to the population and wealth of the colonies where they were established. We exceedingly regret to have to record the death of the Hon. Geo. Young, M.L.C;, which sad event took place at Alva House, a private hospital, at 10 o’clock lust night. Mr Young first complained of illness oh Tuesday, 10th inst,, and on last Sunday his condition was so critical that a consultation was held by four doctors, who held out scarcely any hopes of his recovery. From that time he gradually sank, and expired .last night, the cause of death being pleurisy. The deceased gentleman, who was only 43 years of age, was a native of Roxburghshire, Scotland, but came to the colony with his father, the late Mr James Young, at a very early age. His father was for some years in business in Ballarat, The deceased first entered life as a clerk in the employ of the Commercial Bank, a branch of which in stitution he opened at Horsham. Subse quently, about 16 years ago, he entered into business on his own account as an auc tioneer at. that town, and in a few years had, aided by his brothers—Messrs John and James Young—established the firm of Young Brothers, which is known through tho whole of the ■ colony: for . its probity, and the ex tent of its business. Branches of the firm are in existence at Nhill pod Hamilton, managed by Messrs John and James Young ■ respectively. The deceased was also . a partner in the .firm of Dennys,- Lascelles, Austin, and Cos., of ..Ballarat, Melbourne, and Geelong. About nine .years since- Mr George Young was returned for the North western Province in the L-gislative Council, and was twice re-elected unopposed. In the House he exhibited the same sound common sense and strict probity that always characterised his business transactions. He was a fluent and forcible speaker, and was always listened to with re spect. Privately. he made very many friends by his genial manner and genuine kindness of heart, - About 14 years ago he married a Miss Twigg, of Horsham, who survives to mourn the loss of a kind and true husband. The deceased gentleman also leaves a family the youngest of whom is only about a year old and the eldest about 13 years of age. The deceased gentleman was assiduously attented to during his last illness by Dr Wninarski. The funeral is an nounced for to morrow afternoon at3 o’clock, the burial taking place in the Ballarat Old Cemetery. 'i General. Booth’s- visit was brought to a termination yesterday, and in the evening he left by the express train for Adelaide, A special service, was held in the Wesleyan Church, Lydiard street, in the morning; in the middle of the day the General was enter tained at a banquet by Mrs Murray; and in the afternoon he addressed a select meeting at the City Hall. On his departure he was Heartily ;cheered by many; .while members of the.-Army. took, their, farewell , of their General nin their own style, i-A ; report of yesterday’s proceedings will be found else where'iii The Star, . .. The ceremony of the consecration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral will. take place to morrow, and it promises to be a most im portant one. Nearly all the Roman Catholic prelates in Australia will be present at it. The sermon at the morning service—when Pontifical- High Mass will be celebrated will be preached by Cardinal Moran, Arch bishop of Sydney.. ..In the evening Dr Red wood, Bishop of Wellington, will occupy the pulpit; Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, not having sufficiently recovered from a severe attack of influenza. ; The musio on the occa sion will be, i,t-' is said, magnificent. Solos and duets will be sung in the mass and during the service by Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr J. W. Burton, and Signor Buzz!, while the choral portions will be rendered by a large choir, including some of- the best talent in Ballarat, under the oonduotorship of Mr Wrigley. A full orchea trap led by Herr Brnnn, will also take part in ■ the-.musical portion of the service, -In the afternoon there will be a dinner at the Holy,- v Ghost College, which .will prob ably be partaken of by 200 guests. Tickets .for the services- may be purchased from Mr M. C. Carey and other leading members of the church. With regard to the proposed shifting of the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition buildings to a permanent site in Grenville street, we are informed that the Defence Department are willing to agree to the excision of the land required for the purpose on condition that the buildings are to be brought out to the street, and that a roadway of a clear width of 20 feet be left between the Alfred Hall, and a substantial bridge of a similar width be thrown over the creek. If the Exhibition trustees agree to this the Town Council is prepared to facilitate the arrange ment and to procure the excision of the necessary ground from the Defence Depart ment’s lease, with a view of re-leasing it to, the Exhibition trustees. The matter was considered yesterday by the Town Council, and as all parties to tiie proposed removal and re-erection of the Exhibition buildings appear desirous of removing all obstacles to , its accomplishment, it may be expected that. the work will be carried out, - In reply to a question put by a repre-, sentative of The Star yesterday, Cr Cooke stated that he has no intention of offering himself again for re-election to the City Council. Mr Cooke says be has now had six years’ experience of.; municipal life, and he is not enamored of it. It entails a con siderable amount of expense in contesting the seat, to say nothing of the loss to busi-l ness by attention to public affairs. When reminded of the fact that next year he would be entitled to. fill ; the„ mayoral chair, Cr Cooke said he had come to the„oonolnsion that “ the game was not worth tbe candle.” He has found that councillors never fail to get the kicks for what the ratepayers con sider remissness of duty, but he has not seen any of the “ ha’pence ” yet. Tho fortnightly meeting of the Trades and Labor Council was held last night at the Trades’ Hall, Mr W. Hurdsfield in the chair. There was a good attendance of delegates. Correspondence whs dealt with from the secretary of the Sydney Trades’ Hall, asking what progress had been made by the council with reference to the federation scheme as adopted' at the Trades and Labor Union Congress which sat in Ballarat in April last; and stating that the first meeting of the general council would be held in March next. On the motion of Mr Joy, seconded by Mr Phillips, it was decided to instruct the federation committee to refer the matter fo the various societies affili- ’ ated with the council, and submit _ all replies to the council for consideration. From Chief Secretary, stating that he had caused a copy of the report of the Royal Commission on Strikes to be forwarded to the council.—Received with thanks. The following were appointed members of the organising committee : Messrs Hobsou, Ewin, Meagher, Phillips, and Harrison. The secretary to the Woollen Mills Union reported that there were a number of non unionists employed at the Doveton Mi|l, which was creating a very unsatisfactory feeling amongst the employes. He asked the council to take the matter in hand.-jr Referred to the executive committee. Ac counts amounting to £23 2s 7d having been passed for payment, the council adjourned; Tho Grenville show passed off very suc cessfully., yesterday, but, owing to the nu settled state of .-the weather , there was only 1 a limited attendance. A fall report appears in another column. At a meeting of the Trades and Labor Council, held last night at the Trades’ Hall, a long discussion took place on amotion condemnatory o'f General Booth’s colonisa tion scheme. Some of the delegates spoke in : very strong terms in reference to the answers to the questions put to the General on the previous night by the representatives of the Trades’ Hall, a full report of which appeared ■in our yesterday’s issue. The meeting was protracted until three quarters of an hour later thau the usual time for rising, and as a number of the representa tives had not spoken to the, question, it, was decided to adjourn the debate until Tuesday night next. The November meeting- of the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club was held yesterday on the popular racecourse at Redan. A report of the-racing -will be found in column. - 1 | The November sittings of tbe Court of General Sessions was held, at the Court house, Lydiard street, yesterday; his Honor Judge Gaunt, presiding. • Ambrose Bearpark was charged : with having broken into the dwelling of Mrs Hartman, Scott parade, and stealing, therefrom - several articles to the value of £5. Evidence, similar to that w.hioh has already appeared iu The Star, was given' by Mrs Hartman, sen,, Mrs Hartman, junj, Mrs L>rd, Mrs Ferguson, and Constables M’Pherson and Love, The jury found prisoner guilty. Bearpark, wno was unde fended, said that he had bought the goods from a man in the street. His Honor re marked that he didn’t believe a.word of it, and sentenced the- prisoner-to 18 months’ imprisonment, with hard labor. Hudson C. Shaw pleaded guilty to a charge of obtaining goods to tbe value of £3 9s by means of a valueless cheque, and was sentenced to six mouths' imprisonment, with hard labor. The court then adjourned sine die. ■ John Williams was remanded till Monday on a charge of vagrancy at the Town Police Court yesterday, and two inebriates- were fined. Mr John King, J.P., occupied the bench. Electoral registrars and deputy electoral registrars throughout the colony will keep open their offices daily until 10 o’clock p.m.;, to issue electors’ rights, up to Tuesday, Ist December next, on which date the general lists, which -will include the general lists IS9O-1 and the supplementary lists 1891, for both the Legislative Council and the Legis lative Assembly, will be closed. Our Melbourne correspondent writes:— “ What is feared to be a case of leprosy in a European has been detected in au out patient of the Melbourne Hospital, who lives in Fitzroy, and has been attending the hos pital for treatment of a skin disease. .The public health authorities are dealing with the matter.” The general meeting of the Ballarat Fanciers’ Society was hold at M’Kenzie’a Rooms, Old Colonists’ Buildings, Lydiard street, on Wednesday evening, Mr Symons was unanimously elected chairman. After dealing with tho correspondence and apologies for non-attendance, the elections for the various offices and committee were proceeded with. Mr C. Piiillips was elected president. For vice-presidents there were five nominations, and on a ballot being taken Mr J. N. Dunn, M. L.A., and Dr Hardy were elected. Mr C. J. Liddiard was elected treasurer, and Mr J. Schafer secretary. For the poultry section on the committee there were nine nominations, of which Messrs W. D. Thompson, J. M’Ewau, Symons, and G. Bird were elected. For the representation of dogs on the committee, there were also nine nominations, and the ballot resulted in Messrs O'Shannessy, Goujon, Furlong, and Scanlan being elected. For pigeon representatives there were four nominations, Messrs FramptOn and Leonard being elected. For canaries, there were three, nominations, Messrs Webster, and Cameron being returned. Messrs Holliday and Ruffle were elected auditors, and'Mr Weir .bon, veterinary surgeon. It was resolved that the necessary printing be left in the hands of the treasurer and secretary. Owing to the lateness of the hour a number of important matters had to. be held over. This society has been started under very favorable auspices, having over 80 assured members, and now the .society has. been formed the committee anticipate having this number: increased to 100. --The-society. has also a number of members on the committee who formed part of the committee of the original society, and will have the benefit of their experience, besides: having tbe co operation and support of kindred societies, Messrs Shaw, Pearce, and Clark, J’a.P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday and fined a large number of parents for not having sent their '• children to school the number of days stipulated by the Education Act. Two inebriates were dealt with and a number of unimportant debt cases having disposed of the court adjourned. The Greuvilleshire Council, at a meeting on Thursday, unanimously decided to sup port Mr William Anderson’s candidature for membership on. .the Public Health Board for the western shires. Thu last of the University Extension lectures for the year will be delivered.in the Mining Exchange on Monday evening next, when Professor Marshall Hall will give his final lecture on “ Music.” This lecture will be illustrated by Mrs Wtn. Little, who has kindly consented to act as “ illustrator” on a grand piano for the professor, As this is the last lectors of n course,that ia« evoked. ' considerable Interest, there is no doubt that there will ■be a full attendance, alike-of students general public in order to receive the benefit of Profeior Marshall Hall’s parting words, { An old Ballarat boy (Mr Eichard strong Crouch) has been very 'successful at the recent final examination fcr solicitors — not only passing in all the subjects, but re ceiving the Chief Justice’s prizs for pre eminence in legallearning. The prize has. only once previously been awarded in the colony. A social was given at M’Haffieb Napoleon ’ Hall on Wednesday evening in recognition of Constable Campbell’s .services during his term of office there (nearly six years), and who is now about to take obrrgo of the station at Lexton. The chainian, in pro posing “ The Guest of the Evening,” re-* marked that Mr Campbell bad always acted fearlessly and impartially, aud by so doing had gained the confidence ami respect of the order-loving part of the community. Mr Campbell was then presented .with a solid silver butter-cooler, Mr D. Smith- making the presentation, and the recipient returning thanks in a few,well-chosen ' remarks. He could only, accept the’ handsome gift on con dition that the consent of the Chief Com missioner bo obtained, which no doubt will, - as the committee of gentlemen -who under took the arrangements are at present in oom municatinnj with him upon the matter. After the ladies had been duly,thanked for their beautiful floral display, the assembled .company proceeded to enjoy ‘themselves with dancing and social games, &b.;, which were kept up till the “ wee sma’ hours.”, A most enjoyable gathering was brought to a close by the singing of “ Auld Lang Syue.” Ai. correspondent informs us that Mr James Clarke, farmer, Glen Park, is pro gressing favorably under the skilful treat ment of Dr Jordan. The marriage of Miss "Annie Cox, eldest daughter of Mr Jno. Cox, farmer, Argyll, to Mr John Ma’thison, was celebrated on Wednesday fast at the R.C.C., Linton, by the Rev. -Father Barrett. " The' bride was very neatly attired in prune silk, with the usual wreath and veil, and carried a bouquet of choice white flowers. The bridesmaids— Miss'Mathisou, sister of the bridegroom, and Miss Cox, sister to the, bride—were neatly and prettily attired. The bride was given away by her father, Mr Jno. Cox, while Mr Jas.-Cox, brother to the bride, acted as best man. As the happy couple left the church they wore saluted by showers of white rose leaves. , The annual picnic in conjunction with the Burrumbeet-State school was held yesterday at the City Botanical Gardens. With the exception of a few showers, which compelled the children to seek the shelter of the rotunda, the weather was favorable for the pleasure seekers, who had a very enjoyable outing. 