The Truth about Theosophlc Buddhism* Br Vox Stellahuu. As many people are reading a number ! of Indian txwks about Budda, Brama, the 1 Occult, tbo Esoteric, and so forth, it would I appear highly desirable to put on record a plain unvarnished account of how the . novelty of unmeaning words and phrases 1 soeta to fascinate the wavering mind. There is quite a charm in Theosophical nonsense. A string of unmeaning terms can be followed uuueasingly ; words not. understood can be skipped over; and tho chain can never be completed, The miss ing una is never lorgen ; tne mina waverc on and on and the continuity is missed and the finish is sb unsatisfactory as the begin* ning was hopeful. Let us take the '.Light of Asia,' read it over carefully, underline every Hindoo word with nn English equiva lent, and you come out of the ordeal as wise as you enter it. The time is simply wasted; or if}rou fancy a *' light' is coming towards you— it is only a morning mist that euds. in a regular November fog. Read the Kiddle incident in the 'Occult World,' compare the plagiarism, judge for yourself, and then say if the attempt to explain it away is not a barefaced attempt to gull aud hoodwink the reader. - ? ? ' The human mind, the brain, the thinking , part, the soul — nil oue and the ^same wonderful faculty of man on earth — ia'obe' of the great Mysteries. It ranks -with i Life and Death, aud is nearly allied with the ' Spirit and the After World. It is part of Nature. Nature, says the Hindoo, and the Egyptian, is nicely covered .over by the Veil of Isis whom no man hath lifted ' or ever hath seen under. Madame Blavatscky spent years of her life in her celebrated work Isis Unveiled, ' but Mother Nature stands no more un veiled to day than she did when the Egypt? Hn line was chiselled on her ^effigy, thousands of years ego. Certain Theosophists 'of'tbe preseut'day would lead us to believe that Madame | Blavatscky possessed an 1 Unseen Power,' that that power was given her by the Himalayan Brotherhood who initiated her as an Adept into the Mysteries— psychology — the mind, the soul, and the Astral body, etc..— and that she could perforin unneces sary feats something akin to magic ahd ledgordemain. Among all superstitious races the super natural idea is prevalent, nnd the conoomi tant miracle must be a proof — to people, of course, totally void of Faith. ^ Tlie evideuce of the miracle is the purest evidence .of previous unbelief. The stories of Budda's birth show us the natural simplicity of the Hindoo mind. They show us that there is nut much smil, mind, or spiritualism, in the Esoteric nonsenceof Budda enteringhismother'sRidc as a u White Elephant.' The Christian verity that Christ was conceived of the Holy Ghost has more divinity, sublimity, and spirituality, in the slightest atom of the story, than the whole Asiatic idea has of the symbolism of a white elephaut, whatever a white elephant msy be. That if there is a Himalayan Brotherhood they have no secretR for thos£ they can trust and initale. We have it on record that they have been viBited in Thibet nnd are very reticent to unlikely Paul. Pry's, Magic Mougcr's, and those they cannot de pend upou. The initiated of the Himalayan Brotherhood— the Jyotiehikna— the As trologers, cast the Horoscopes of adepts aud admit them, or keep them out, as they find out their true characters. That the Brotherhood, whilst disclaiming auythiug like immaculation or infallibility for their order, try to keep out of trouble by not admitting unwerthy or morally unfit people to practise their arts ; and, they set up all the ordeals, proha'ions, and tests, they can tluuk of to sccure tho virtuous and trustworthy for their secrets and initiation. In fact, it was a social and moral code us Max Muller says '* one of the most perfect which the world has ever seen.' Neither the principles of Hindoo Astro logy nor of Buddhism, permit of useless and idiotic questions, nor of useless magic, the same as Madame Blavatsky is credited with in sending letters a thousand miles away, and getting a written answer Wick in a few minutes— all the time keeping the letter in a book on the table before her audience. There is no profit, says Budda, in a useless question, and there is nosense in a needless act. The opinion is gaining ground that how-, ever grand some of the teachings of Budda are, they are not in the slightest any higher than those of the Bible — and are manifestly the product of the same source — tlie Aryan. The prophetic parts of the Bible are clearly astrological, and the only key Hindoo theology can give us is the base of numbers given in the Bible. When we get that key we shall divine the figures given by the Prophets, and those used iu the Book of Mysteries called Revelations. 4lf the Buddist Esoterics can get initiated they may get the key, but from the curious jumble tho Theosophists are creatiug, aud the un meaning English words they translate Buddhism into, it is clear that neither Sir Edwin Arnold, Colonel Olcott, nor A,. P. Sinnett, as yet, have mastered more than Max Mullens moral code in inexpressible words. Taking it for granted that there is a Koothoomi, his or her mantle, does not seem to have fallen upon any of thcM6dehi Theosophists, and neither part nor partial initiation has occurred. ?. \ The whole thing seems to be explainable! only on the hypothesis that whatever tlie Theosophists are tryiug to pump out of the i luitiat.es, they simply nod— and that nod is | neither approval nor disapproval. The Theosophists go to work without any know- 1 ledge of Astrology, and they fancy they are ' going to unearth the unnecessary power of working miracles. As far .is the TheoBo phists have got yet, they only seem to have heard of the seven principles of Man as follow : — 1\. The Body Rupa 2\. Vitality Prima or Jiva 3\. Astral Body Linga Sharim 4\. Auimnl Soul Kaum Rupa 5\. Human Soul Manas G. Spiritual Soul Buddhi 7\. Spirit Atum Whoever can see anything in this scheme^ incomplete us it is, must come to tlie con clusion that tnan has three bodies, three souls, and one spirit : whereas. Astrology teaches amuch more comprehensive scheme, perfectly simple, easy to be understot»d, and it governs and guides man from the { cradle to the grave. The scheme. is taught ' in India hy the Hindoo Astrologers and is j briefly as follows : — I It divides the Sphere into twelve portions ] called Houses, ' which uru equal to the I signs of the Zodiac. The numbers however, are merely used, and not th»- name of our) constellations. These twelve in a circle, like i a clock face, are again arranged by the divinity of numbers, into rovu chief tskee's or Trinities, corresponding to tlie four elements of Fire, Earth, Air, and Water, \- equal to the Individual, the Temporal, the | Relative, and the Terminal. Each Trinity is based upon the accepted constitution of man, in that he has a threefold nature — body, suul or mind, and spirit. This is the physical, psychic, and the spiritual. The following table shows the scheme — Body. Soul. Spirit. Nature, Element. I V IX Individual Fire - | II VI X Temporal Earth III VII XI Relative Air IV VIII YTT Terminal Water And so it is written ' And God breathed into his nostrils tho breath of Life, and Man became a living Soul. St. Paul also says, 'The first man was mode a Living Soul, and the last a Quickening Spirit.' Modern Hindoo Astrology is identical with the xv. chapter of Corinthians, nnd neither the Theosophical Society nor Esoteric Buddhism can surpass the words of Paul, whether he got them from India, Egypt, or Bahylon. Pythagoras mastered figures, and the above table shows Imw he arranged them to govern the affairs oflife. I. Represents the physical body of man, his external form, shape, colour, and consti tution. V. Shows the emotions, passions, appeti tes, and psychic nature. IX. Gives the spiritual nature. The above are the individual and Fieiy trigon. and the physical nature of the body. VL Indicates temporal comfort, and man's psychic nature. X. Shows man's temporal DlQNirr, his spiritual nature, and his honor. These three are the Temporal and Earthy trigon. III, Denotes man's ties of physical Con sanguinity. ! VII, Indicates the psychic desire of Con ; jugality. XL Shows spiritual Conammity and j Friendship. These are the Relative and Airy trigon. IV. Denotes the death of the physical , body by the translation of physical into psychic forces. Yin. Indicates the death of the psychic nature by its transfer to the spiritual sphere. XII. Shows the spiritual death by the descent into matter. This last is the Terminal and Watery trigon. The Buddhist scheme when fathomed out, may be found to be identical with the Astrological one, but at present the latter claims an immense superiority over the new fangled Theosophical one. [To be concluded next week,] 