A SLIP BETWEEN TWO OCEANS: OR, Tl.IC WRECK OF THE PROWKED LAND. A TALE OK A MELHOL'RNE BANK J'RAUD. EY SKATP BO HI. ASK, 4t,tl.<.rof "Tlie M)stories of Melbourne," "Tales «t the Hush," " '1 ho Nifilit Kossickers of Moon H^ht Flat," " Yaohandandah Station," &e.;, .tc. CHATTER II.—(Continued.) Bnt another day or two gave even A-Uan his lege and a return of appetite, and then, as the sea had ceased to bother him, I tried what 1 oould do, and I think that on the whole I fairly succeeded. Fraser made no friends among the passengers, and it was very evident to me that it was his fault, and not theirs, lie held aloof from ttvery one and shunned taking part in even convci- sat ion when it could be avoided. He would luii just as little to say to me had I given in to his whim, but I did not. 1 became a rankling thorn in his side, and •ever reflected there could be any possible danger in thus amusing myself, for the more I pricked him the more amiable it seemed to nuke him. Once I said to him when we were alone What fun we oould have in Europe if we'd fifty thousand pounds to spend between us." Fraser started as a hone starts at an unexpected application of the spur, and asked almost pantmgly, " What makes you say fifty thousand pounds, Tom Collins, when- in all probability no two fellows of our ages ever had such a prodigious eum to spend beWreen them?" "Ob, I responded with a laugh, "I -was thinking of Major Montague's diamond, which he declared to be worth that amount, and of how much more enjoyment its equivalent in gold would give a fellow than its mere possession." OB another occasion I said to him, ° Ton aire going to make the tour of Europe the pater told me; of courso if you do so you'll see some very remarkable ptoses. Do you mean to take Rotterdam in your route?" This .question seemed to touch him on the raw, and he answered it with another, "What is there -worth seeing at Rotterdam? Its canals?" Yes, it is remarkable for its canals and also for its diamond merchants," I responded in a careless manner, but, vying him keenly the while. Then it was for the tirst time in my life I caw him give"way to anger. "Hang the diamond merchants ! You talk as though you thought that I had stolen the Idol's Eye and was proceeding to Europe, and—and—and—to Rotterdam on purpose to dispose of it," be mattered fiercely; when perceiving that I bad gone too far I pretended indignation in turn and said, "Do you think that I should be travelling with yon as your friend and •ompanion if 1 thought you were a common thiei?" This seemed to pacify him and to quiet his cnspicione, and 1 saw at last that I should be a fool to stir them up again, for that it might tend to make nis detection in the end all lie more difficult. I still felt quite convinced that he had the diamond with him, but how or where could lie be oarrying it! Had I but shared his cabin, as it had been arranged that I was to, I should coon have discovered all about it, I flattered Bjyself, but as it was Allan Fraaer kept hie stateroom door locked both day and night. It was not long, however, before I noticed that he had taken to wear an old- fashioned silver watch, a regular " turnip," such as might bare adorned his great-grandfather's fob. No sooner had I done so than I kept asking him the.time by it, and though he always pulled it forth and told me, his screening the face with bia fond the while tempted me to get a peep at it .by hook or by crook every now and then, and I don't think I was much surprised to dieoGvcr that the bands were always fixed exactly, in the same position. Almost simullanoiyrlv with finding this out I came to the oonclu^s that the turnip .watch contained the stolen diamond. Yea, as JL regarded the size and the thickness of the ancient timepiece I feli sure with all the icorks taken cM. of it, the case would juet hold the Idol's Eye, though with not much space to fjiare. Some few.nights after I had£Ot this notion or rather conviction into my head I was leaning over the tatfrail gazing at the luminous water as it sparkled and hissed in the vessel's wake, and Fraser walked op to me with an open book in his hand. "The sea gives out enough phosporousjto read by," he said, leaning over tbe stem and holding the bock aslant. "Does it indeed? Hardly, I should say,"came from my lips in turn, as I changed my position to get a sight of the open book. " Here, hold hard old fellow, or you'll overbalance yourself 1" cried Fraser the ner.t in- ,etant, in an unnecessarily loud voice, at tlio «ame time laying both hands on me and dropping hiB book overboard. But I had not been in the slightest danger of ever-balancing myself, and I ielt that he war doing his best to heave me overboard instead «f to poll me back, though the instant he guessed .that I was too strong for him to be able ' to effect bis object, he abandoned it and threw j me instead down upon the deck, exclaiming as ' he did so, "There, Master Tom, I've saved your life this time, so just try and take better care of yoursc-lf in future, for your mother's Bake if not for j'oar own." CHAPTER III. A CAM? IN TI1K GREAT BOOTHKnX OCEAN AND TUE SOUETHLKti WORBE THAT FOLLOWED. It was certainly very strange^ but after I recovered ~ — my —. preeenoe . — of mind —- I_oould not j 1 I have eworn positively that Allan Fraser had attempted to destroy me. I waa aware that I 1 had leaned over the tatfrail a good way, and lie " R after all have fancied that I was m danger and acted accordingly, heaving me for- ^ C ^ r f to get a better grip of , Terror and excitement might have caused all the rest. But although I confessed to myself that all this was possible, I never for a single instant imagined it to be probable, and my belief that Allan Fraser had attempted my life was not shaken. Under such circumstances it was injrafft-rahle to hear Allan continually being raif^d and congratulated for the good deed f e had done, and to find myself compelled eithtr to echo such sentiments or to be set down as an ungrateful brute whom it would have been almost as well to have allowed to drown. One good thing that the incident taught me T*16 ~ is cautious, and of the folly gf waving red flag before a bull's face when there {3 nothing between him and the beast's horns. It was a lesson worth learning. Well, we wern't long now in getting down into the very cold latitudes, those dreary regions where there is a clean sweep of sea all round the world, with never so much as an island or even a rock to check its course, and where the wind blows almost continually from the west, hurling the huge billows eastward like watery mountains, and carrying the great ships along in their course as though they were mere bubbles or corks. Night and day two men were stationed at the wheel, and die days were but six hours long ^ eighteen. \ ery little canvas | dared the struggling vessel show to such winds Tfl ^ T" , }et ,f the y ur , ged her at a h u »- J dred miles in the twenty- four hours. But, oh, the^dreariness and the horror of those times, witli their grey skies and their greyer seas, the cold—the damp—the utter blanknes:s and desolation.The longing gaze d welt day af ter day and week after week upon an ocean without a 6hip, a sky without a sun ; on decks that the v.-aves tore over like bounding horses, on bulwarks riven and rent into matchwood, with yawning fis-sures here and there ; on lifelines S l l T ^ / V r ) and on yellow . 6 a 0r ' S ° lmgmR TO™ f / 'f.L?^ a£ 0 |Y heir dut 'f- , inen at tunes the hatchcs were battened down as well, and we passengers were halfsuffocated in the nearly dark saloon, which the ' fog would somehow or other manage to penetrate and fill, though ozone couldn't, and there we would sit with nothing else to do but gaze in each other's faces, whilst the billows would buffet and boom against our fragile craft till she wonld seem to shudder and shiver liic,. some living thing in mortal agony, and the water would leak in between her straining timbers and saturate our bed and bedding through »nd through. I thought that the ~ worst 1 hid , , suroly co:n \--•-,- , I j ; I rr/Ctio ilr.iv.,..' t througb everything, and washed down the companion ladder into the saloon, where it was ! t , - —Miu ajnmum U[f i higher ones in which we poor wretches lay to avoid being drenched and perhaps drowned. Meanwhile the wind shrieked and the ocean roared and moaned so that we oould not hear each other's voices, and all the light which we received was from the luminosity of the invading waters, and that was a most ghastly light indeed. «LT , ,, , . .. , j t h f captain would come down tte ladder and wade thigh deep through the a certain cin>board and a certain ! brandy bottle, and sometimes be would yell through bis great copper sneaking trumpet, for < ttie general benefit ere he returned to the | deck, some such words of comfort as "She ! w L t T ^ f * V S m , y g S ^uSting? m ° r t ° ,. _ , At last, however, wben things appeared to «e to Awe rMebed m kopelees stage, «><} C : | , , Allan Fraser was praying aloud, but-fc-eo agonized a manner that it struck me as I lay just at his elbow with my ear almost touohing his lips, that no really good young man oould have had so intense a fear of death as he evidently entertained, the captain came dewn ' yet again, and on this occasion bellowed out) cheerily, "The worst is about over, for the baromeser's rising. I guess the gale will have blown itself out before eight bells." And it had blown itself out by thee, and some three hours later we were all allowed to go on deck, with strict injunction*, however, to hold on by the lifelines, though I imagine that even the very bravest of us would have done so without the advice, for it was a truly fearful scene that we gazed on, as such a sea I never beheld even in pictures; but then artists don't often go so far as the great Southern Ocean for their subjects, compared with which Biscay's Buy, even in its most perturbed state, is but a ni)lli>ond. A storm wainstaysail was all in the way of canvas that the ship dared show, and sow that the force. of the gale had moderated she pitched more desperately than she had done when the storm was its height, at one moment thrusting her bows right under until even her capstan had disappeared, and the next, rising like a rearing horse and casting tons of slimy green water on to her main deck, which would rush out through the huge gaps that fortunately had been rent in her bulwarks. Three men were lashed to tbe wheel and conld just manage to control it. Had it overpowered them but for an instant .the ship would have been whirled rbund and turned broadside on to the eastward rushing waves, which would have overwhelmed and -eunk her in tbe twinkling of an eye. The rest of the watch on deck were clinging here and there to ropes and shrouds as limpets might cling to rocks, tightening their grasp and holding their breath as first one huge wave and then another rose high in the air and threatened to break on board and sweep away all before it. Sometimes we would be lifted up on the back of some mighty roller and carried along with wonderful velocity, and on one of these oceasioiis we saw at what seemed no great distance an iceberg gleaming vast and spectral between leaden-hued sea and pall-like sky. It was of great height, and rose sheer out of the water, but we were only vouchsafed a moment's sight of it, for the next we were sliding down into a deep ocean valley again till the shiny shimmery water rose on all sides of us higher than either our mastheads. It was at this juncture that a cry was raised by one of tin; men at the wheel of "Hold on ! hold on for your lives !" and with one exception we followed the advice, without lirst endeavouring to ascertain why it wac .given. That exception was Allan Fraser. He looked round ero he tightened Ids grasp upon thaj lifeline, and the consequence was that, whik t the rest of us were merely carried off our feet and then dashed down on to the deck he was swept away into the scuppers, and as we all though; at the time carried overboard. A trifle further forward he would have .gone out through a vast fissure which had been torn in the bulwarks, but, as it was, be had been dashed against woodwork that was intact, and instantly gripped something which kept him alloat in about a yard depth of hissing, swirling, gurgling water. He, however, evidently thought himself in dire extremity, for he shrieked for succour, and a couple of us somehow or other managed to rescue him, help him up the sloping deck, and close his hands around the lifeline, which we told him not to let go of again as he valued his existence. Instinct, however, was stronger than fear, and hardly had the words of advice escaped o»r lips when his left hand had. quitted its hold on the rope to thrust deep into his waistcoat .pocket, the pocket that held the turnip watch. It lingered there but an instant, and then «cas withdrawn to clutch at the rope again, but the expression of thankfulness, almost indeed of-ecstatic joy that passed over Allan Fraser's faoe was a- strange sight to behold as he unconsciously murmured in perfectly audible tones, "Safe, safe, quite safe." "Why, you seem to be more thankful on your watches account than you are on your own," I could. not help exclaiming, indeed I could bardly resist the temptation of tearing it out of his pocket by force and solving the question as to its contents then and there before tbem all. Had it been safe to let go of theliferope for asingle instant 1 v-crily believe that I should have done so. As it was, however, I resolved that by hcok or by crook the watch should change hands very shortly, at all events for a brief while. Well, very soon all of us had be.d quite enough of the wave-swept deck, and were glad enough to return to the saloon, wherein the water was not much higher than our ankles, and in some places was already covered with a thin layer of ice, so that wo were thankful to climb into our bunks. Tlie worst was, however, ever, that was to say for the time, and in another twenty- four hours the place had dried up, aad the angry seas no longer swept onr decks, so tbe coojwas able to light his galiey fire onoe more anjproduce hot coffee and cooked food, which had been strangers to us for daps. Then as the weather got better and better wo a11 of us began to enjoy the deck again, and to watch the carpenter and his mates repairing tie shattered and riven bulwarks, the men up aloft bending fresh sails to replace those which the wind had shed to ribbons or else carried bodily away like great fluttering white birds; and talking of byds, our attention was now caught and fascinated by the huge albatrosses that swept over the surface of the sea for miles and miles without a single flutter of their, enormous pinions, and the scores, and sometimes hundreds Of little birds closely resembling pigeons, wLidj sometimes floated like dueke all around the sljip and accompanied her 0n Ul) her UVl LUUIAt;. course. For the albatrossps we used to fi^H, baiiing a El,arp hook with a lump of pork and floating it with a cork, Koif aid then the lure was , eUccessful, pork and hook were bolted together, and the united strength of half a donen of us ! would gncc^ in haul^g one of t h e S b rds ! aboard. Their bodieTwere as big as the largest swans, and their wintrs when exuanded would sometimes measure as much as fifteen feet from tip to tip. But the eailcirs no more liked this diversion of ours than did those who voyaged with the Ancient Mariner, aud not a few of them declared that evil would come of it before long. Allan Fraser took no part in this 11 hat he called "most cruel sport," and seemed to be lost in an almost perpetual reverie. 1 thought j to myself, whenever I caught him smiling, and < with a far away look in his eyes, that he was •' pondering upon what enjoyments he'd get out , of the fifty thousand pounds that the stolen I di&mwd; would produce, and whoever thi? I notion occurred to me I'm sorry to say I } experienced a difficulty in curbing mental ! ejaculations that would have been highly im- I proper, for he no longer wore hiit old turnip ' watch. He had evidently secreted it some- i where, and as he always kept his cabin door i locked, and doubtless the box or trunk which contained it as well, all chance of my being able to get at it seemed to be past. I could think of nothing but my disappointment, that is to say for a considerable while. The weather was now tolerably f;r r for such a latitude, but both sky and sea continued grey, and the cold was intense, the decks Ix iu sometimes covered with icc airi the roi^ and yard3 alF0. A]| our ca„ta:n cam! v.-rr little concerning, but about the non-apijearnce for days ^d nights together of sun, ™°cn, and stars he evidently did care a great, j deal, for without one or the other of them lie could not take observations with his sextant to discover where we exactly were, and so had to depend on what they call dend reckon iay, which is a very unsatisfactory method at the best, though Captain ililler thought himself a dab at it. Had hp not done so he would assuredly not have said to us so confidently and cheerily one .Sunday after Church service in the saloon - " - Well, geutkuicn, we shall change oceans wcl)> g™tK,1I€n> wt! sllall cllallge d!1 1 morrow ">g tl'- or night, and to morning morning at at breakfast breakfast I 1 "shall shall be be able able to congratulate you on being in the South Atlantic instead of the South Pacific." Hardly, however, had the words quitted l.is lips when there canic a yell rather than a hai! from the deck of —" Breakers on the port bow," f jlloived after only a second's pause—" Om J. 011 the port bow.'' in still shriller acent?. '' N\m < ii^c ! A fog batik and a school of whah 11, en n't be anything more exclaimed the C .jr.tin, but for all that he looked like a m.iti v. ho had suddenly clapped eyes on a ghost. :,nd he lushed towards the companion ladder in such a hurry that ho sent Allan ' Fra-fr, who was inadvertently standing in the i "IsMifAifeu we all stood .-.taring at each other ) s&L; 0 s s * * t h a t Another minute or two and a sudden shock threw us in all directions ; and as we lay strug- How we got on deck I can hardly tell. I know there was a struggle, each striving to be first. But there were only seven of us, so tbe crush was not a great one, and in a couple of minutes we all kuew the woret, and in addition that much worse there could not be, for we were hard and fast aground, and at less than a quarter of a mile distance lay a black beach upon which a tremendous sea was rolline. and black cliffs rising up therefrom in awfui and rugged majesty almost to the very sky. "Good Cod, it's the Horn Captain Miller cxclaimed as he passed close by m wringing his hands. " I've run too far north, I've made a slip between two oceans. We are all lost souls. We are all lost souls " He seemed to have lost his head, and it was hp first mate w ho called ....t from forward- "Lower away the boat-. .Sim's going to pieces already. There's a hole in her bows bit? Tc»gh for a jvhale to corn? in at, and she's I fixed as firm as tbe Hock o' Gibraltar. Lower away, and look slippery at it, lad-3." -There waB no need for this last piece of advice, for every one sprang to the davits, though there Eeeined email chancc indeed ot a ship's boat living in such a sea; but they were the straws at which drowning men clutch, and we all assisted at the lowering of them, all at least save Allan Fraser. He bad gone below again, and I could easily guess what he had gone for. Rot that I felt much interest at a crisis like the present either in tbe silver turnip watch or in what I believed it to contain. Dear life was at stake, for the Premised Land was falling to pieces before the united force of wind and waves as a house built of oards falls to pieces before the breath of the child. Her planks were already starting in all directions, and her fore and main masts had fallen into tbe boiling sea. CHAPTER IV. T1IK S1.1P BETWEEN TWO OCEANS. CAST AWAT ON CAFE HORN. The fall of the two masts, in company with their huge spars and wilderness of ropes and blocks, had killed several of the crew and stove in one of the boats, but the others were quickly lowered and filled, though one turned bottom upwards almost immediately, sunk to the bottom as though she had been built of lead instead of wood. I was unaware of either of these catastrophies for a little while, because I bad rushed to the head of the saloon hatchway to shout down the companion to Fraser that he would be left behind if he didn't hurry, for I only remembered him as a fellow-creature and an old acquaintance now, and I didn't want to see him lose his life. '"Oh, dear! oh. dear ! Where is it? I'm a fool! a forgetful fool," I oould hear him raving like an excited and furious madman. But at; my third yell he appeared, and came stumbling up the ladder thrusting something into his trousers pocket. That smile of satisfied greed exasperated me, and I said to him, for he had been risking my life as well as his own, " You fool, what do you riiean by it ? Are diamonds worth more than dust at a moment like this ? If we ever gain tbe shore it is only an uninhabited island." He made no answer, he ceased to smile, his teeth were chattering in his head with terror. I glanced around the decks. They were deserted. I rushed to the vessel's side, and discovered with a thrill of horror and despair that every boat had quitted it, though I could only see one of them still afloat, and as I gazed longingly after her a great wave seemed to tip her up by the stem and cause her to execute a complete somersault, her occupants being swept out of her as she turned over, and instantly engulphed. At the same time I heard a noise of a mighty explosion, accompanied "by a .-lushing and crackling sound. The deck whereon I stood seemed to be soaring into the air. I lost my footing, fell, felt myself sliding, and clutched with both hands at a ringbolt. I remembered nothing more until I recovered consciousness and found myself still clutching the ringbolt, and lying upon the water-soaked planking, but motionless and still, as I had never been ^ r ^ T ^ ^ P ^ - L a n T h a d sailed cut of Hobson's Bay. Such an incident aloue was sufficient to make me stare round in not altogether unpleasant surprise, and then I saw that some twelve feet square of the wreck's deck lay upon the black beach, that the sea had receded several hundred yards therefrom, and that Allan Fraser curled up in a crouching attitude near by, and looking, at least so I thought, half stupid ani liaU dangerous. "Allan," said I, "don't stare at me like that. If I have guessed yeur secret I can't injure you here. We are on an uninhabited islasd. We alone are saved from the wreck. We are two miserable Crusoes." "No, no," retorted rry companion. "Don't yoU'think I know more than that about Cape Horn? I tell you it is the Southern Point of tbe great island of Terra del Fuego, and that there ar9 christianized natives and mission stations here. You know too much Tom Collins, and I must kill you; oh, God, how I wish that I could spare you, but I daren't do it." He may -cot have been quite £≠ when he made ap his mind to murder me, but then it is just as unpleacant to be killed by a madman as by a rational, cue, and scrambling to my feet I retreated from him along the beach, shouting out as I did so, " Cape Horn is m Hermits Island, which is of small size, aud separated from Terra del JTeego by a channel thirty miles in breadth. It lc^inuhabited, and the coast ix so dangerous that vessels seldom if ever corns near it. I can recollect that in my school geography." I had no need to retreat any further, for Allan Fraser came to a sudden standstill, trembled, raised bis clasped hands towards heaven, and then foil back on the black strand in a swoon. I felt that he was no longer dangerous. I at once sat down by his side aud endeavoured to bring him round—first, however, searching his pockets for dangerous weapons, for I still felt I would rather have e'jch in my own possession. I discovered a clasp knife, and pocketed it. Hs.ving deprived him of that he had nothing save his lists to oppose me with, and I felt pretty confident that my own would be a match for his. Strange to say, though his silver turnip watch positively rolled out of his waistcoat pocket into my hand whilst I was searching hini for weapons, I had not sufficient cuno.iity to open it and find out what it really contained. The immediate preservation of existence was the only matter of any moment voir, and I dared not hope that ire would be able to manage that for long. Where and how were we to obtain food, and where and how save ourselves from perishing frotp the bitter and biting cold, which already seemed to '' e freezing the marrow in my bones* \- . . r , - r I looked despair^ around me but on one — ^tuddwl w.th s side was the £ld grey 66a, .=Judded witl.rocks ; and reefs as far as the gaze <5&nld; r a n d next on the cliffs that looked as though the? T were composed „ \- ' - - came rushing in it would reach up to the base . of those awful precipioes, and that we should ! Ixithbe drowned and dashed to palp ^ t | them. With these thoughts driving me almost distracted I was not sorry when Allan Fraser recovered from his swoon, which he did as gentle as a child. He begged me not to forsake him, called himself a miserable sinner who had m T t V T h h i s j ^ ^ demanded what was to be done?" ^ * I don't dpn't regi¥Iflber remember how I answered him, but ^.T I do distinctly recollect with what despairing energy we looked for some way of seeing the black cliffs where their altitude was least tremendous, and how we at last found it practicable where a furious watercourse had, at some time or other, worn the glossy and slippery perpendicular into a mere ragged and steep incline, that almost resembled a flight of Titanic stairs. 