WORKING MEN'S BLOCKS. The policy initiated a few years ago of. endeavouring to provide small blocks of land for working men, the produce from which could supplement their earnings, and serve as a help when work was not obtainable, has latterly been extended in two directions, viz., the purchase of land by the Government in positions adjacent to centres of population, and iu the authorisation of loans, up to a certain amount, to blockers. This latter departure, however, has not yet been sanctioned by the Legislative Council. Without stopping to discuss the wisdom or otherwise of inaugurating legislation in the interests of any class exclusively, it is undoubtedly a great advantage to any community to have its land well utilized by au industrious yeomanry. Whether there is anything iu the con tention of those who assert that in pre sent social conditions the woiking men's block system will not have any perma nent good effect, that it wiil lead to workmen acceptiug a less wage from their employers, and that it will tend to make substantial reform more difficult to attain, remains to be seen. It is however, a grim satire on our past legislation that special provision of this nature should be necessary. It virtually admits that the more numerous portion of the community have not received that consideration in the past which they should have, and that therefore extra ordinary means must now be adopted. The whole question of working men's block legislation is, however, experimen tal, and is only yet in its infancy ; therefore its development will be watched with .more than ordiuary in terest. Although the policy of re purchasing land near centres of popula tion for working men's blocks may be regarded by some as an unjustifiable extension of the functions . of Gov ernment, it is a far more common sense method than offering Crown Lands for that purpose in positions which are manifestly unsuitable, and if the de parture is only attended with a portion of the success anticipated by its advo cates, the end must be said to have justified the means. In connection with the inauguration of this policy the Gawler branch of the Homestead Leagne can claim to have taken a prominent part ; indeed, we believe it was largely through their exertions, backed up by the Executive of .the League, that the Government were induced to place a sura on tha estimates for the purpose of repurchase. Land has already been .purchased in close proximhy to Gawler, and as soon as it has been made available, we believe a large number of working men will take advantage of the oppor tunity to settle thereon. The only matter for serious regret iu connection with this legislation is that no provision is made for retaining the land in the possession of the Government. There is nothing, for instance, to prevent the ? whole of the occupiers of the Gawler blocks from disposing of their properties to one man, and thus causing a reversion to the original condition of things. Then the Government aright again be asked to repurchase, and so on ad infintium. AH that is needed for a blocker, or in deed for any landholder, is that the improvements he effects, and the pro duce he raises shall be secured to him. Chat could be effectively ensuted to him under a lease. To allow alienation of the land is to make blockers land speculators, and it introduces the element of self-destruction, to call winch into play is but a short remove. For this reason we regret that the majority of our Legislators saw fit to ignore the weighty considerations advanced by those who were averse to the policy of alienation Can it ba that they are desirous that the movement shall defeat itself? The proposal for advancing. loans to blockholdcrs is now before the Legis lative Council, having already ruu the gn'uiU.it of the House of Assembly. Tis ? i lea was borrowed from New Z ? .'.i i.l, where it was introduced about six years ago. The object is to assist p ivso.'is to settle on blocks who by reason of the outlay required would not otherwise be able to do so. In New Zealand the maximum amount allowed to be advanced was £70. In the Bill now before the Council we believe the maximum is £50. |Sir Harry Atkin son, of New Zealand, in speaking of the special village homestead settlements of that country says : — * ' Whenever these settlements are set down in reasonably small numbers, near to a market and to population, I think the special village homstead settlements are an un qualified success. If these conditions are not observe! there may be abuse. Care should be taken, not only in the selection of the locality, but also in the selection of settlers. With such precautions I do not object to a small advance for a house, but the thing must be done with great caution So far as I can judge, our experience has shown us that the settlements are a success on these conditions, and that the advance has assisted men who otherwise would not have been able to make a start. But I strongly emphasise the necessity of care in selecting the individual ; otherwise a lot of men will go on the land in times of temporary pressure, and if they stay on it will do little or no good with it, and thus keep off better men who might ba grateful for their oppor tunities. We have gained experience in New Zealand about the conditions essential to success in this settlement system, but we h ve wasted a lot of money through not taking the precautions I have indicated.' The experience of New Zealand will no doubt stand the Government in good stead in giving effect to the measure should it successfully pass the Legis lative Council. Open Ara Concert. — Mr. W. Riggs's band gave an excellent open air concert from the balcony of the Town Hall on Saturday evening last, and which was much appreci ated by the large number who patronised the street. A Welcome Change. — After a dishearten ing spell of dry hot weather rain began to fall last evening, and continued with inter missions throughout the night. The quantity registered up to 9 o'clock this morning was 0 420. More promises. Song Skrvice.— The Rev. W. T. and Mrs. Wiltshire gave another of their popular song services at the Primitive Methodist Church on Sunday evening last. There was a large attendance and the service was both interesting and profitable. The subject was ' The Great Invitation,' The Kapunda Show. — The Kapunda Show came off on Tuesday last, and in point of attendance at least was very successful. Gawler was fairly well represented amongst the exhibits, and the following secured prizes: — W. Job (one); W. Sedgley (nine); May Bro3. (two); J. if. Treloar (twenty three); A. B. Gartrell (ten); A. W. Johnson (three). Show at Tw» Wells.— We would remind those interested that the Annual Show in connection with the Amalgamated Agricul tural Societies of the Two Wells district will take place on Wednesday next, at Two Wells, A good deal of interest is usually taken in this fixture, and the present will probably furnish n« exception to the rule. Stacey's Comedy Company. — The above popular Company appeared iu the Institute Hall ou Wednesday and Thursday evenings. The attendances were somewhat interfered with on account of the short notice, but nevertheless a fair number were present on each occasion. On Wednesday evening ' Hans the Boatman' was staged, and on the following evening ' My Sweetheart,' both performances being presented in the successful manner usual to the Company. Fire Alarsi. — Some alarm was caused ou Saturday evening by the sounding of the fire bell, and the appearance a few minutes after of the firemen and reel, who travelled at fire brigade speed down the main street It was soon ascertained, however, that there was no grouud for alarm, as the fore man had, with the view of testing the reliability of his msn called them out him self. Ths promptitude with which tbe call was obeyed was very creditable, and augured well for the ability of the brigade to deal with any coufhgration tViat usigbt ensue during the busiest pDi-tion of the busiest evening of the week, Discoverx of Asbestos near Willia&i-; STOWW. — Information is to hand of a dis covery of asbestos at Sailor's Gully, near Williauistown^ The discovery was made some six years ago, but was only commenced to be worked about three mouths ago. The result has been to expose a very large deposit. The mineral was first met with about eight feet from the surface; but fo' fifteen feet was of a short inferior character. Then an improvement sst in, and this has been maintained for a depth of twenty-Sve feet without catting throagh. We learn that about 15 cwt., have been sent to London to ascertain its value, and Gawlcr manufacturers have proaiised to try some of the inferior stuff for the making of fire brick3. The property on which the dis covery is situated is Cvowa Lands, over which a syndicate has secured rights. In formation from Loadon is awaited with ntercat. Gawler Agricultural Sorietst. — The sub- committee have been busily engaged completing the details for th~ forthcoming Show, and everything is being done to provide for the convenience of exhibitors and comfort of visitors, of which practical demonstration will be given in the course of a few days ia arranging the gvounde, erect-, ing'pens for the cattle, sheep, pigs, &c;, also the jumping hurdles, and other necessary preparations. Entries are already coming in, and large numbers of notifications from intending 'exhibitors justify the anticipa tion that the show will be such as has not been eclipjed by any previous one. The prize-list is extensive aud the prizes very liberal. Thoroughly reliable judges have been selected, and arrangers appointed. A special train will leave Adelaide at 9.15 a.m. and return tickets at single fares available for a %veek issued on the lines of railway. The various booths were sold by auction ou Monday evening at the Old Spot Hotel, and the applications for assistants required considered and appointments made. The publican's booth was sold to Mr. Hussey of the. Prince Albert Hotel for £U 5s ; fruit and lolly stall to Mrs. Penna for 21s ; and refreshment booth to Mr. Woodman for £2 193\. Tenders for poultry coops were con sidered too high, and other arrangements have been made for their supply. The dispute between the Moonta Mines aud their employees has culminated In a strike. Eleven hundred miners are idle. A shipment of oranges to England by Mr. T. Hardy has been very successful. Pbesentation to Mb. E. Gbeen.— At a neeting of the Gawler Assistants Association leld in the Institute on Monday evening, September 28th, the Chairman {Mr. C. H. Biles) on behalf of the Association presented VLt. E. Gre2r-, who is leaving Gawler, with a suitably inscribed pendant as a token of their ;steem, and ia recognition of his services a* Secretary during the past two years. Mr. [Jreen in a ueat little speech suitably re sponded thanking the members for their kindness, and so brought a.pleasant ceremony to a close. The United Ironworkers' Assistaitts, Society. — A meeting of the Gawler branch of the United Ironwarkers' Assistants' Society was held ia the Odefellows' Hall on Saturday evening, September 26th. Mr. John Scott presided over a good attendance. One new member was elected. After a long discussion it w«s decided to hold the meet ings on Tuesday evening in place of Satur day evening A few accounts were passed for piyoient. A hearty vote of thanks to the delegate from the General Smiths' Society closed the meeting. The Musical Ghost Illusion,— -After a phenomenally successful run of nearly. three months in Adelaide, Professor Bousmard is now taking his Illusion on a tour, and with his full entertainment of 'Fun and Wonder' will visit Gawler next Monday, 5th October. The Professor comes to us with the best of credentials from the Adelaide papers, who speak of him not only a3 a very succesful illusionist, but also as a remarkable pianist. Some very distinct novelties are introduced into the programme in the shape of a performing cat and a vanishing canary, etc. The performance is for one night only, and anyone who enjoys a hearty laugh should certainly not miss it, especially as the prices of admission have been placed at the popular standard of 2s. and Is. PfiESENTATION TO MR. J. PBOVTS. — A pleasiag surprise was sprung upon Mr, J, Provis at the final meeting of his drawing class oa Friday evening last, September 25. Mr. Provis, who has been acting as instructor to the Kapunda branch of the School of Mines for some time, having decided to remove to that town, the students of his Gawler class, (which has been in existence for about nine months, and which numbered twenty-three members) decided to present him with a token of their appreciation of his efforts on their behalf. The presentation took the form, of a handsome gold pendant designed and worked by Mr. W. H. Spencer, and this was accompanied by an address expressive of the esteem in which the students held their instructor, and wishing him success ia his new sphere. Mr. Provis feelingly acknowledged the unexpected com pliment. The evening was finished up in a social manner. Presentation to Me. George Young. — On Monday evening between 30 and 40 persons assembled at the Old Spot Hotel to bid Mr. George M. Young, who was leaving for Western Australia the following diy, farewell. Mr. Young for a considerable time has been superintendent in the Draught men's office of Messrs. Martin & Co., and his fellow workmen, with the Prince Albert Cricket Club thought fit to recognise his worth. Mr. J. J. Thomson, the Captain of the Prince Alberts made the presentation, an A] bum bearing the following inscription : — *' The Members of the Prince Albert Cricket Club, and your fellow associates whom you have superintended in your profession as Draughtsman, viewine1 with renrefc vour departure from the colony have much pleasure ia presenting you with this gift as a token «f esteem with their best wishes. J. J. Thompson, Captain; R. H. Barnet, Secretary. Cycling.— Last Saturday afternoon the local cyclists journeyed to Sheaoak Log for their usual run. Some half dozen members rolled up, and a start was made punctually at 3 o'clock. They found the roads in a rideable state, and as the elements favored them, the journey proved very enjoyable. After remaining a short while at their destination the party re- mounted and reached Gawler at 6 o'clock. Next Saturday (to-morrow) the Club runs to Williamstown. All cyclists are invited to join in the run, and as the Williamstown road is as smooth as a bowling green a good muster should be obtained. The start will be made from the Post Office at 3 p.m. A meeting will be held in the course of a few days to decide upon the prizes to be allotted in the handi cap road race set down for November 21. It is probable that the Club will hold sports soon as several gentlemen have proffered them support. Smashed Parachutist. — This is how the New Zealand Vatltolic Times discusses the recent accidents to parachutists : — There is a good deal of smashed parachutists lying loosely scattered about the earth jusfc now, after falling from the clouds and various altitudes. We are sorry for the families of these crumpled aeronauts, but as regards the parachutists themselves we are unable just at a moment's notice to get up a very full head of sympathy. Whenever a lunatic jumps off a great height on to stones and alights by instalments we feel sorry, because a human being is dead by his own act, but reflect, nevertheless, that there is a large world does not miss one maniac more or less. We consider the average parachutist a very bad variety of maniac, not so much because he falls and kills himself, and not because be might fall on some passing politician and kill him, but because he mipht fail on some estimable citizen or blameless and useful cow at grass and kill him or it. Oa these grounds we think the authorities should interfere and hang a few parachutists before they damage society any more. No doubt these ex pressions are somewhat cold-blooded, but we confess to regarding idiots who tempt Providence cold-bloodedly. The Barossa Water Scheme Committee Criticised. — The Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin bestowed a good deal of attention on the Gawler Barossa Water Scheme Committee in his speech on the Onkaparinga Water works Bill ia the Legislative Council on Tuesday. We take the following extracts from the Hansard report of his speech : — The Gawler gentlemen, who had devoted so much time aad attention to the question, and compiled documents and arguments, were to be complimented upon the time they had devoted to the subject if they could uot be complimented upon the case they made out for the scheme they advoeited. The document prepared by the Gawler Com mittee contained nearly everything necessary to make out a strong case with the exception of the real fact3 of the case. One would imagine frorn the statements made and the speech of Mr. Martin that there had been a vast conspiracy to discredit the Barossa proposal ? All the difficulty had been created by the Gawler Committee, who had sent delegates about the districts work ing up meetings and starting the petitions that had been presented to the Council. {Hear, hear ) There was no natural feeling in the districts, aud if they were to ask the members of Wooroora and Yatala they would be told that very few people thought about it at ail. .... In connection with the Happy Valley reservoir, the statement was tna-le by the Gawier Com mittee when naming some objections against the Happy Valley scheme, and it was printei in italics — 'Happy Valley is a township including a graveyard.' Seeing the ingenuity of the Gawler Committee ia raking up arguments in favor of their pet proposal and against the Happy Valley schems, it was a wonder that they did not set down as against the claim for riparian rights urged against the Barossa scheme the disturbance of bones in the graveyard toy the Happy Valley scheme. (Laughter.) . . . Coming to the proposal of Mr. Martin tbat another Commission should be appointed they might go on having Commissions till they get one in favor of the Biroasa scheme. Mr. Martin should add to hia motion to ensure the proper result that the further Commission should consist of the members of the Gawler Waterworks Committee, and the members for the district. (Hon. J. Martin — ' That would not be in accordance with the Standing Orders.) They need not waste much time, for with a little revision, and the addition *f the names of tbe members the statement of the Gawler Com mittee would do for the report. Gestseal Smiths' and Agricultural [mplement Makers1 Society, Gawler Branch, — The half-yearly meeting of the above Branch was held at tbe Institute on September 30. The President (Mr. James Lawson) occupied the chair, and there was i good attendance of members. The Treasurer gave ia his report, which showed ei decided increase. The Society now has iO members, and a baiance in hand of £5 14s 3d. The following officers were elected for the forthcoming half-year :— President, Mr. Jame3 Lawson; vice.president, Mr. James Jones ; secretary, Mr. H, Parham ; treasurer, Mr. A. Parkes ; trustees, Messrs. T. Woods, H. Smith, and J. Freak. Six new members were proposed. Evening's receipts amounted to £1 2s, 