\ Football A otes. * . [BT FOLLOWER.] OWING to tho rain, which cuuaed such re- joicing amongst tho general publio, last Saturday was a dies non ss far as local football was concerned. Early in the morning tho captains of Victorians and Broken Hills agreed to their match being declared a draw, and under the circum- stances this was no doubt a wiso decision. The South Australians, as usual, were more fortunate, as tho Hothams, it ap- peared, had agreed to forfeit to them tho previous Wednesday. Such a proceeding would doubtless have called forth sharp criticism for its manifest unfairness, only it was hoped that the state of matters thus brought about would pave the way for a Satisfactory settlement of the disputed game between tho Victorians and South . Australians. By allowing tho South Aus- tralians to scoro two points for a win, ' while tho Victorians only got one for a draw, it waa hoped that the association would be induced to declare th« disputed came a draw, which would have left the two clubs equal m the premiership points, and given the pubiic another opportunity of seeing thom fight the battle of supre- macy under fairer circumstances. This, however, waa not to be. lhe oath Australians have boen ill-advised .\ enough to insist on their " pound of flesh," and having a majority of V,, sympathisers on the association, they have ' . been given tho premiership. However, considering the manner in which they have attained it, it can hardly be counted as much to their credit, and every un- prejudiced person Ls forcod to the conclu- sion that they were afraid to meet the dark blues once more. Else why did they assert, from the first, that they would not ander any circumstances play the Vic- torians again ? In my opinion, the decision ofjf the association is clearly wrong, in the face of the rule, which declares that "all matches shall be commenced and played out to the time arranged ;" and the only option its members had was to order the match to be played over again or declare it a draw. The latter oeciaion would, under the circumstances, have beentthe most politic, and would have afforded the greatest satisfaction all round. The present decision cannot satisfy anyone, except the South Austra- lians and their backers ; and I do not think those who havo wagers on the match are bound to pay. The only apparent defence the association has for its de- cision is that the Victorians were allowed to score a win against the Broken Hills in a match this season, which was inter- rupted four minutes before the time was up. Even if that were BO, two wrongs do not make a right ; but T understand that . the circnmstancos were totally different in that match. The Victorians had too strong a lead to bo caught, and the final bell rang while tho matter was being dis- cussed. The Broken Hills did not pursue their protest, seeing that they had not the ghost of a chance of making the acores even in the four minutes, and it would be moBt unfair to declare a draw under the circumstances. Indeed, if Btrict justice is what the association want to do, they should order both matches to be played out again to the prorer time, and take measures to ensure that they will not be stopped by interested parties. I under- stand that Mr. Murphy, on behalf of the Victorians, offered to submit the matter to the football associations in Adelaide or Melbourne, as tho members might prefer, and abide by their decision ; but it was evidently predetermined to give the South Australians the match and the premiership. Only one match was played in Adelaide on Saturday between the Ports and Fitzroys. Tho Fitzroy team, which ia now fourth on the Victorian premiership list, and has defeated Geelong and Carlton, was a very weak one, six of the best players, including the crack goal kickist, Grace, being unable to get away. The visiting team was also further handicapped by a strong wind, and the heavy state of the ground after the rain. Tho PortB were also without the service» of Marr, Miers, and 0. Fry, but amongst the'Bubstitutes waa Hewitt, the aboriginal, late of the Medindies. of whom the BegUter} says :-44 Hewitt, who, as is his wont, entered tho field shoeless and stockingless, and arrayed in a gaudy guernsey-orrated the best part of the afternoon's amusement by his appearance and hiB comical gait. He was wonderfully fast, seeming to bo everywhere, and would have been a valuable man except for his infringements of the rules, for which the referee pulled him up with the utmost rigour." The game was played on the Adelaide Oval, and Ports gained a decisive victory by 2 to 1. However, the play was very even till half-time, and it waa in the second half that the superior strength of tho magentas told its tale. In the first quarter, although the Ports had the assiBtanco of tho wind, it was some time before they got the ball into their opponents' territory, and when they did so their lack of judgment prevented anything more than behinds being registered; Tho maroons were beating the magentas in marking, and their long kicking was quite as good. The quarter ended with Ports 4 behinds and Fitzroy 1\. In the second quarter the magentas likewise began by taking the ball away . ? ? % against the wind, and LeLeu missed an easy shot. Then the maroons had a turn; Rappiport marked'splendidly, but he, too, : . missed an easy thing. Amends were made by Mackay, who scored the first goal of the day with a fino place kick from 60 yards, and Patterson soon after fol- lowed suit. This woke up the magentas, and A. M'Kenzio, marking beautifully from Phillips, scored their first goal with a really fine kick against tho 'vind. The Ports commenced forcing the game, and the maroons left their mon, but nothing further resulte ' except an abortive shot by Mackay for Fitzroy. Half-time closed with the score : Fitzroy, 2 goals ; Ports, 1 goal 5 behinds ; the gamo up to this point having been remarkably oven. Ports, howovor, had it all their own way from this out. Three trien only produced behindo, and a fourth fell short ; but J. M'Kcnzie at last made tho scores even. Tho kicking waa very bad, but the wind waa very strong and interfered with its accuracy. Hewitt gave J. McKenzie another mark cleverly, and he scored third goal. Several other chances wero missed by tho magontas, but finally Hamilton scored their fourth goal, r the maroons having only obtained ono behind during tho quartor. In the final quarter tho wind had moderated some- what, but the maroons started off well. Tho ball went all over tho oval, and A. McKenzie and W. Bushby put up behinds with great kicks. Fitzroye now strove to chango tho state of affairs, but Delahunty mossed an easy chanco, and a second good shot of his went tho wrong side of the pest. Thc ball then travelled all over the ground, and noithor sidj had much the ?'? best of it till tho game closed with the " score :-Ports, 4 goals 12 behinds ; Fitz ;' roy, 2 goals 6 behiuds. Commenting on tho game, the Register says :-"It was seen, however, that on . both sides it was a game of play the man and not the ball. Throughout the play was unnecessarily rough, and during the afternoon quito a number of mon were temporarily disabled. Tho goal-kicking of both teams was about the worst all-round display that has been .. ? . : shown on tho Adelaide Oval this year, but this was partly due to the wind. Strange as it may seem, most of the coals scored wore from good kicks, whilet nearly all tho easy chances wore unproductive. The following on either side was tho leading feature of tho match, ' and this waa the only department in which Fitzroy oould equal Port Adelaide. In the matter of shepherding their comrades, however, the Ports can well take a lesson from the maroons. On the whole the football shown was of an inferior , char acter, bat the day was against the game. The four followers amongst the Forts were the oftenest seen, and may be classed in the following order :-Phillips first, then Webb, Lowe, and H. Stephens. A. M'Kenzio was the best forward man, and of the rest K. M'Kenzio, A. Bushby, T. Stephens, Tomlin, Hills, and Davis may be put above the reit. Cleary, the maroon rover, was the most con- sistent on his side. Buckley, playing back did splendidly, and was well seconded by Reynolds, whilst M'Pherson did well in the centre. But the followers-Banks, CribbB, Meiling, and Rapplport-did the bulk of the work, and the first-named was the best man during the first half. Mr. Schaeffer, who was brought over by the S.A.F.A. especially for the matches, is a comparatively young umpire. He is strict, which is essentially necessary, in South Australia at least, and is wonderfully fast. In fact, incensed though many were at the importation of an umpire, the crowd really could find liitle fault with his per- formance. He should have endeavored to stop the roughness, but both teams were heavy, and owing to the wind the task of umpiring was no easy one. In one other particular Mr. Schaeffer dis pleased the onlookers. As a rule, they considered he was too sharp as to holding the ball ; and the first decision in this respect against Hewitt, who fell and regained his feet with marvellous alacrity but without dropping the ball, called forth vociferations of disapproval, as the assemblage considered the darkie unfairly j treated. Upon this point the referee was more severe than is the custom in this colony." Fitzroy played their second match against South Adelaides, on the Adelaide Oval on Tuesday afternoon, but the spec- tators were few, and they did not seel, good game. Fitzroy waB strengthened by the substitution of Leydin, the former Carlton captain, for Shearwood, and the the change was of great advantage to the maroons, for he was directly responsible for no less than 6 goals, 4 of which he kicked himself. Fitzroy won rather easily by 13 goals 9 behinds to 6 goals 9 behinds, and showed themselves far and away the better team throughout. Sooths had a good team, but G. }Rowley was greatly missed from the back, where he might have prevented Leydin djing so much execution. Some rough play was again displayed, and the game was far from being a scientific one, the men leaving their places and one another frequently. Hancock, however, came out well for Souths, and did some really fine kicking, scoring 4 goals, one of which was a 70 yards shot and another from 60 yards. Grace ilso was about for Fitzroy, and Cleary was their best follower. On Thursday the Fitzroys walked all over Medindies to thf» tune of 14 goals to 2 ; and they meet Norwoods to-day, when a fine game should result. A very interesting game of football was played on the South Park Lands, Ade- laide, on Saturday between the Èegîster newsroom and the other departments. The result was a draw-Other depart- ments, 2 goals 10 behinds ; newsroom, 2 goals 3 behinds. Mr. Birrell was a capital umpire, and forced the game throughout. The other departments had the best of the play on the whole. No matches of any great importance w ere played in Melbourne last Saturday. Souths met St. Kilda at Albert Park, but the game, although fast, waa entirely in favor of the red and whites, who won by 7 goals 16 behinds to 1 goal 4 behinds. The Souths, evidently taught a lesson by the unexpected aefeat of the previous Saturday, played in something like their old form, and the result was never in doubt. Carlton had also an easy task in defeating Footscray by 7 goals 17 behinds to 3 goals 5 behinds, though in the second quarter they allowed the Saltwater men to get a lead of two goals. Essendon did not find it very difficult to beat Rich- mond by 7 goals 16 behinds, though at one period of the game they were a little pressed ; and Geelong, on their own ground, administered a severe drub- bing to'the conquerers of the mighty Souths-North Melbourne-by 5 goals 12 behinds to 7 behinds. Truly, football is a funny game ! Perhaps the beat match of the day was that between Mel- bourne and Ports. The metropolitans kept up their recent good form, and obtained a lead in the first quarter, which they contrived to keep, winning by 5 goals ll behinds to 4 goals 1 behind. Ia Sydney last Saturday two game» under the Australian rules were played, West Sydney beating St. Ignatius College by 6 goals 2 behinds to 2 goals 2 behinds, and Waratah defeating South Sydney by 4 goals to 2. In the semi-final round of the matches under the Rugby rulea University A beat Wallaroo by 10 points to 5, and Zealandia beat Strathfield by 16 points to nil. j It seems pretty certain, judging from a j letter received the other day by Mr. Harry Power from Mr. 0. Memmotc, that Roberts, the champion billiard player of the world, will shortly pay a visit to Broken Hill. It quite apparent to the most carelesb observer that the game which, according to Shakespeare, Cleo- patra played, is immensely popular on the Barrier, and it is certain that a visit from the champion wculd prove highly success- ful. Should Mr. Roberta pay us a visit he would probably exhibit in the Town Hall or Skating Rink, where a special table would have to be erected. The only foeman worthy of his steel here would of course bo Harry Power, to whom he would concede very probably the same number of poiuts as he gave Memmott in Mel- bourne, viz, 1800 out 3600. Having this advantage anc judging by Power's record it is not unlikely that the local man would come out on top. When Power played Mem- mott for tho championship of Victoria he was only beaten by 31 in a thousand-up game. Previous to this Power met Byrne twice for the championship. 9n the first occisión Byrne was beaten by 77 when there waa 10 to 1 on him at half- time. On the second occasion Power won by 170 pointa. In the game which recently took place between Power and Memmott the former was again defeated by 101 in 2000, but he showed some very brilliant play during the match, scoring in three consecutive breaks 303, 175, and 154 in the last thousand. In the exhibi- tion matches which Power played during his tenure of the championship he wss never defeated In a recent match vith Weiss, who conceded him 200 points in 2000, Power was tho victor by 163. I had a bit of a talk with Jerry Marshall on the racecourse the other day. The little fellow is looking as bright and natty as ever, and he assied me that, barring a little stiffness, his wrist waa as right as over. Ho has undertaken to meet Coates, who dofpited Doody tho other night, and stop him in eight rounds. A purae and side money amounting to £100 will be put up, and the fight will take place in the Skating Rink in six weeks, Marshall's chief business here at the present time is to train Preston for his fight with Harry Edwards, which comes off in the rink on August 24. Mr. D. Green gives a purse of £40 on this occasion. 