CHAPTER II. AW UNACCOUNTABLE VISION. 1 One murdered by the. other, and that other flown,’ I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the terrible storm to the mill that night. I had gone there full of hope, elated with the certainty of success; but when I had opened Prime's office door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat upon his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet-hole in his forehead.—See picture 2. Chairs were overturned—papers were scattered about the floor—confusion and signs of violenco prevailed. I had bent over him, placing my hand upon his heart in the hope of discovering some sign of life ; but although the body was still warm, life was utterly extinct. Upon the floor near the doorway was a hat, I picked it up and looked at it carefully, and recog nised it as belonging to Jacob Hurley, noticing at No. 2.—‘ Stretched in the middle of the.floor, flat on liis back, was Aaron Prime, with • ballet hole in his forehead.’ the same time that there was a ballet-liole throagh its crown. Glancing hurriedly around me, I realised if I should by chance bo seen there I would be ac cused of the murder, and I went hastily out, at first intending to arouse the neighbourhood, and giro what information I could regarding the When I again reached the open air, however, all that man's death meant to me became obvious, and by a seeming paradox, the crimo itself sank into insignificance before the utter failure of my mission, and I hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I sat by the fire thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I know not why or how, but the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about mo among the flickering shadows made by the blazing logs in the fireplace. ‘ Pshaw !’ I exclaimed, re-seating myself. ' I am a dunco to allow the sight of a dead body to unn rve me. It can’t be that either,’ nrased I, * for 1 have not thonght of it in that way since I first made the discovery.’ I could not, however, 6hake off the idea that I was not alone. I felt no fear, for, especially re garding the supernatural, I was nerveless; bat every time I raised my eyes I half expected they would behold some companion in my . solitude, although, on the other baud, I knew positively that ! was alone. As the feelin forcible posses sion of me, by a strange antithesis I experienced a drowsy sensation, and then I fell asleep. I say asleep, for that is the only way in which I can explain what transpired, for I mast have dreamed. B tore me stood the old man, as I had so often seen him, with his back to the tiro and his hands behind him under his coat-tails—Sco picture No. 3—and I arose mechanically and offered him my comfortable chair. ‘ John,’ said ho, as he seated himself in my place, while I leaned my arm upon the in Intel over the fire, ‘ Prime and Harley luve had a fight.’ ‘ Evidently,' I commented. ‘ Well,’ ho continued in his usual abrupt way ‘ you will haTe to get their signatures to-night or not all, for by morning they will both he beyond signing anything.’ ‘Why,’ I exclaimed, ‘Prime is already dead and Hurley has flown.' ‘ Bosh, my boy, bosh ! They are both there now awaiting you, and wondering why you are so late. Come, start at once. I have seen them, and they will sigu.’ Accustomed from childhood to obey him almost implicitly, I arose without delay, and, arranging myself in my storm clothing, once more set out through the bitter tempest towards the woollen mill. I was completely exhausted when I reached it, No. 3.—' Before mo stood the old man, as 1 had so often seen him, with his back to the fire and his hands bahind him nnderhis coat-tails.’ and rested for a moment on the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as had been tated, awaiting me. 1 You are late enough, surely,’ said Prime; and as I apologised, he took the document from my band, went to his desk, and, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed his example, and 1 then passed over to them respectively the papers bearing my signature, which made the bargain complete, and took my departure. While inside it had not.once occurred to me to look at the floor whore, earlier in the evening, I had seen the dead body of Prime, but as I left the office I stooped ahd peered back through the What was the room in pro cife»y tbpr same. which X bad first discovered it murdered1-body of Aaron Prime lyihg-tJKon the floor with the blue bullet-bole in the forehead. . Shocked beyond description, 1 hurried rapidly away,and in due course tf timo onco more reached the mansion. The old man met me at the door, his face radi ant with smiles. ‘ Got them ?' he asked; and when I replied in the affirmative, he said: 1 Good! Now X am going to sleep again. Dry yourself off at tho firo here, and then you had better get some Bleep also.’ 1 Sleep V I must have instantly awakened instead, for I suddenly became conscious of the fact that the fire had burned down considerably, and that I was standing before it in the vain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry the Boaking gar ments which were upon me. Seizing the tongs I poked the fire vigorously for a moment, throwing fresh wood npon it, and soon I had a warm and cheering blaze again. I was dazed by (lie inexplicable circumstances grouped before me. ‘It must have been a dream,’ I said aloud; ‘ and yet how came those wot clothes npon me ? Where did I get the mad upon my boots ? ’ My recollection of what had passsed was as perfect as I have described it, and was so vivid that it seemed a part of the regular occurrences of the evening, notwithstanding the fact of the Budden realisation of my surroundings which had come over me as I stood by the fire. ‘ Bah!' I cried, in disgust. • I am growing nervous. Tho experiences of to- night have worked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, bnt I have walked in my sleep.’ Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipe, and after due preparation again threw myself into the easy chair before the fire, when it suddenly oc curred to me to look at my watch. It was nearly two o'clock. Startled by the lapse of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I arose and crossed to the peg whoreon my greatcoat was hanging. ‘ I will settle this thing here and now I’ I mut tered, pulling the package from the pocket and re turning to my chair at the fire. ' The papers wilt prove that I have had a nightmare.' With a quick movement I undid the string which bound the package together, and selecting'the all important documont, spread it open beforo me on my knees. Uttering a star tied cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet, scattering the many papers broadcast about on the floor, for there before me on the white page, plainly and legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aaron Prim9 and Jacob I trembled with excitement. For the first time tn my life I knew what it meant to be afraid! The room seemed filled with uncanny shapes fluttering about in shrouds and blood-stained gir ments. There stood the signatures before mo, plain and incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the face of the fact that when I had gono at nine o’clock to get them ono of the men was already dead and the other had disappeared. Suddenly 1 began wildly gathering the scattered papers together which had fallen upon the floor, looking through them in search of those I was to havo given up to the two men in exchange f or their signatures. They were nowhere to he found. Long and eagerly I searched, bnt without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that they were not there. Where, then, were they? Had I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scond time ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron Prime to he dead ? Could it be that I had not seen aright, or were they both dead, and had I met and bargained with their ghosts? Or was it some fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, which, following the Sbakspearian theoiy of * dreams are result of a foregone conclu sion,’ had shaped my sleeping thoughts some what into the form of what I had been thinking while awake? But, no! my eyes had certainly not been closed in sleep. I tore my hair iu perplexity, for I could not rea son the occurrences out into any logical so qujnce. Jij 1 [TpbkCosti.ve0.] 