THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. Author of " Tiie Son of His Father," ' "Eta Toir," " Oliver's Bride," &o.;, A a All Rights Reserved. Chapter XLIIL Agnes got home so late that she did not sea Mary that evening. And next day there waa not very much conversation between them. Lady Frogmoro could see by her sister's looks that she had not very cheerful ncwa to give. She said witli a sort of nowborn timidity, I hope things are better than you thought," to whioh Agnes mado no reply but by shaking her head. It rained that day. One of those soft, long continued summer rains which pour down from morning to night without any hopo of change, refreshing and restoring everything that had begun to droop in tho too fervid snn, but shutting the doors of tho houso against tho all- porvading moisture, and making all iambics impossible. Few things are moro depressing to a heart already deeply weighted- than this persistent rain, 'lho grey of tho sky, the patter on tho leaves, the monotony of tho long hours increases every burden. Even in the - happiest ciroumstanccs the prisoners indoors -long for somothing to happen, for somebody to come. And it may be believed that to Agneu in the fever of her anxiety every hour seemed a year long. This night or to-morrow might bo the decisive time. The secrets of lifo or death were in thoso slowly passing moments, the bufiance slowly moving to one side or another. She went through all her so-called duties, the little domestic things she had to do, tho little nothings that seemed, oh, so unimportant, so futile, in face of tho great thing that was about to bo decided. Siie asked herself bow sho could endure to do them, to order the littlo dinner; to superintend tho littlo economies while Mar. lay dying. But had Bho beon with Mar. -what oould sho have done? Sat and looked on in. tho most desporate suspense, still able to do nothing for liirn, to do nothing for anybody, to wait only till the end should comc. Thero camo a moment, however, when tho courage of Agues failed, and Bhe could bear it no more. She told her sister again that sho had a hoadacho, a pretenco which Mary seemed to understand, asking no questions — and would go early to lied. But she did not go to bed. It seemed something to sit up to accompany the vigil of tbc nurse, the possibility of ' tho change with the intensity of feeling if not of presence. "Whon Agnes closed her oyos she seemed to seo tho whole scono — the room with its shaded light, the wasted form scarcely visible in the bed ; tho nurse — a silout figure — watching the long hours through. Sho did not know that the nurse who was thon with the boy was ono who did not hopo — whioh was a thing whioh would have added heaviness to tho vigil had sho known it. Sho had not the heart to go to bed. It seemed somehow as if she were doing something for him to sit up and count the hours and spend her soul in broken breaths of prayer. 6h, how broken, how interrupted with a hundred fan tastic uncontrollable imaginations 1 Still it was something to join herself to the vigil, if no more. Sho was so absorbed in her own deep Apxioty and thoughts that she did not hear any move ment in tho house, and thought nothing bat that tho household ivas nsleop and hushed at its usual early hour. And whon she heard a stealthy stop come to her door after midnight ' Agncs's mind was so confused from reality by that vigil that she sprang up with a breathless terror lest it might bo the nurse coming to call lior to tell her the oliango had come, and that Mar.'s lifo was fading away. She made a swift Btep to the door and opened it, unable to speak ; but only found Lady Frogmoro's ' maid outsldo with an anxious face. ".Oh, Miss Hill, I'm so glad you're .up," she said ; " I wish you would come to my lady — she is not herself at all. I can't tell what ' is the matter with her." " Hasn't sho gone to bed, Ford ?" "I got her to bed, ma'am, quito comfortable, I thought ; but I stopped about doing little things, for I saw she was wakeful; and then all at onao sho got up and culled me and caught mo by tho arm. ' Ford,' sho says, : looking in- my faco very serious, ' who was it that said, May he grow .up an idiot and kill you? "Who was it, who was it?'. ' Oh, my lady, I don't know,' . I said; 'I never heard the words before.' ' It was a dreadful thing to say,' sho cries, nlways looking at me. 'Ford, do you thiulc words liko thatover come truo ? Per haps I was too hold, Miss Hill ; but I spoko up and said, ' No, my lady, I'm sure they don't ; for if tlioy did God Almighty would bo putting us in the power of tbo worst and dreadfullcst — and He would never do that.' 'No, Ford, He, would never do that,' Bho said, with tho tears in her dear eyes. Oil, Miss Hill, there's somo change coming. I don't know what it is. And now she's trying all her keys upon that box we brought from the Park. "We've not boen able to find one that would open it ; but I got another bunch just now, and whilo she was busy I .thought I'd eome and call you. Don't be frightened, Miss Hill. I don't think it's a ohange for the worse." "Oh, Ford," said Agnes, "it is just the bitterness of life. It's a ohange that will come too late. Oh, my hoy ! it must bo his dear spirit that is moving his mother's heart." " Let's hopo it's something bettor than that. Let's hope it means good' news," said the woman, who knew a great deal of the family in her long service, and nearly, if not all, its mysteries. But Agnes, whose heart was vory heavy, only shook hor head. "When she went into her sister's room Mary was stand ing against tho light, a white figure wrapped in a white dressing gown. Hor partial confusion of mind, the subdued and quiet life she had led, her exemption from strong emotions, had kopt an air of comparative youth about hor. Her hair was partially grey, but it gave no appearance of ago to the face, which had tho appearanco cf one purified end refined from earthlincss by long mis fortune and trouble. She had lighted a num ber of candles, which encircled her with light, and was standing lookiug down into tho box which wns open on the table, with a strange air of tremulous disoovory, indecision, terror and joy, liko one who has found out some astonishing thing whioh sho cannot believe yet knows to be true. Sho turned half round with a warning movement, as if bogging not to be disturbed, then suddenly putting out her hand drew Agnes olose to her. " What is that ? Do you know what it is ?" Bho said. The only answer Agnes made was with a burst of tears : "Oh, Mary 1 Oh, my dear ! my dear 1" she cried. A stnilo was on Mary's face — a strange, tender . smile, full of all the softness of her veiled and gentle soul. She took out something tenderly and reverently, as if it had boon a sacred thing. Tiio curious nurse, peering behind these two absorbed women, expecting to seo some mystery, felt herself to como down from imaginative poetio heights to tho commonest familiar ground when she saw what it was. Ford almost laughed with tho surprise, but dared not, so Btrong was the Bensation of passionate feeling that seemed to fill tho air. What Lady Frogm-ore took from tho box was tho first 1 ittlegarment tl lat is ever put upon a child, A little film of lawn, not muoh more ; tho most delicate and softest of fabrics made to fold over the delicate body, in exquisite softness and whiteucss, as if the finest fairy web of earth had beon chosen to wrap tho little thing newborn, como from among tho angels. It was unfinished — a narrow line of vory fine lace only half-sewn round tho little sleeves. Mary took it up and held it in her hands, spread out upon them. Oh, what soft suggestions of trembling happiness, of wonderful anticipation, of tender mystery, and dreams were in it 1 " What is this ?" she said, in a whisper.; " tell me what it is." Agnes had put hor arms round her sister, leaning upon hor — she who was usually tho strong one, the supporter and prop — and laid her head ou Mary's shoulder. The sight of tho littlo tondor relic, so familiar, so full of sugges tion on this night of fate, ovoroame her alto gether. Oh, to think of 'tho infant for whom that littlo wrapper -of softness bad been made ; whom his mother, who had mado it with such holy and tender thoughts, had never known ; who was lying now botween life and death, perliaps having crossed the awful boundary lingering near them, breathing into her long' olosod and stupifiod heart. ' Agnes could make no answer. She sobbed convulsively upon her sistor's shoulder. "Oh, my baby, my boy, -my little Mar., my little Mar. !" she cried, with a poignant tone of anguish which pierced the soft air, the soft silence of the night, like something fcsea. and terrible, a sharp blade and point of pacseosaie Human feeling. Mary held np the stronger woman with a rally of bee own strength, bat did not move other wise. Her eyes were full of tears, but there was no anguish in them. She said in a low voice, lite the ooo of a dove, "No one need tell me. I know. It was I who made it for my baby — my baby 1 And he was born. I remem ber now everything. The old mother was there ay mother — don't yon know — and so proud. And my old lord, my dear old lord— with his heir Agnes, Agnes 1" she cried, suddenly, " What have you done to me to keep me so long from my boy!" Agnes sank down upon her knees on the floor. She held np her clasped hands as if she were praying to the white figure that stood over her. "It can do no harm now," she cried. "What does it matter if we all go mad ? I think I shall ; to see her remember bim, to see her find out the truth too lste — too late ! Ob, God, that I should have my answer now when it is all over. It would hare been better if there had been no answer — no answer now." "Agnes," said Mary, gently laying a hand upon her head. She held the precious little garment in her other hand, and kissed it, pressing it to her lips and her cheek. "Agnes," she said in her soft voice, pityiDg her sister's emotion, " I do not blame yon, dear, I have been kept in the dark, I don't know why ; I have done many strange things not knowing. Perhaps my — my baby— my boy has been injured ; God forbid But I don't blame yon, dear. If he has been injured we can put it right. All can be put right now we know. You meant it, I am sure, for the best. Agnes, I never, never, will blame yen, dear. Ob, rise np now and tell me, tell me all yon have kept from me ; tell me everything abont my boy. " "I think God has taken him, "cried Agnes, on her knees. "This was the night — I think he must be here to have found his way to bis mother's heart. Oh Mar., Mar. ! if yon are dead, if you hear, say something, let us see you one moment, one moment before you go to heaven. One moment, one moment, Mar. !" The maid who was standing by, and whom these words froze with terror, thought to her dying day thst she hsd beard— something she knew not what, like the passing of a soft footstep, like a subdued breath, and would have turned and fled had she not thought herself safer in the room with the lights than in the dark passages outside. This impulse of terror was stopped in Ford's mind by the look her mistress gave her— which was a look which Ford had ex changed with many persons over Lady Frog- more's own head — a look of pity and appeal, consulting her what was to be done for the dis tracted woman at their feet. This curious turn ing of the tables stupefied Ford. It was as ii an infant from its cradle had turned and bid its nurse care for its mother. "All this has been too mnch for her," said Lady Frogmore. "Help me to put her in my bed, Ford. She and I have always been to gether. IV e slept together when we were two little girls in the old vicarage. Agnes, let me lift you dear ; don't strain yourself or take any trouble. "Well stay together this wonderful night. And when you're able yon tell me ; let me lift yon first " " You !" cried Agnes, stumbling somehow to her feet. She added in a humble tone, coming to herself, " I have forgotten my duty, Mary. Don't think any more of me. It was more than I could bear, just for a moment. " " Yes, I bbw it was too much. Ford, do you think you conld sleep on the sofa, jnst to be at hand if we wanted anything? I am not easy about her stilL AYeTl stay together to-night. Lie down and I will sit by you, and when you are able yon will tell me " " My lady, it would be much better for you to get your natural rest." " Mary, you must not sit np with me !" "And why not, I should like to know," said Mary. " Don't you know I'm very happy to night ? Don't you know I've found out what has been on my mind so long ? I knew there was something. I have never said anything to you, bat it has been, oh, so heavy on my mind ! Some thing, something that bad gone away from me that I could not get back, and when I dreamt of my old lord he was always frowning, always angry. Agnes ! I was making this, and mother Bitting as there and you pouring out tea, when — we were all very happy — I remember my thread breaking just there, when I had nearly finished. And I turned to take another, and— then there was something that happened before —before he wssborn." "He was born that night," cried Agnes, " God bles3 him." She was very pale, and her eyes had become dry and shone as if with fever. In her mind there was a deep wonder whether Mar. heard her, whether it wonld please him, though he was dead, to have the story of his I infancy told to his mother. And with this half distracted thought came one that was quite real, quite rational; the anxious determination to shut out all reference to Letitia's visit from the still wavering mind of her sister ; to keep that which was the key of all that followed from her recollection if possible. " He was bom that night — God bless him !" said Mary slowly. Then she added, " I remem ber a cluster of people bending over him, and the light on father's bald head, and my dear old lord with his face down qnite close, and the doc tor standing saying something about the child. And then — and then — what happened? I re member no more." " You were very ill, oh very ill ; so ill that — Ob," said Agnes, "don't make me think of that terrible time." " Ah !" said Mary, a quiet seriousness coming over her face, though her lips still smiled, "you thought I was going to die." Agnes made no reply. "But even that," said Lady Frogmore, "was not enough to make you all deceive me so cruelly. No, no, my dear, I did not mean cruelly. You must have thought it for the best. One can but do what one thinks is for .the best. Was there ever such a thing before, that a woman should live and never know ? Do you remember what the Bible says, ' Can a wo man forget her child, that she should not re member ' " "Oh," cried the poor soul, what you have taken from me ! How mnch you have robbed me of!" She paused a moment with her hands clasped, with the consciousness of wrong on her face. Then that sterner mood died away in the old Bweet way of making the best of it, which Agnes remembered with a melting of her heart had always been Mary's way. " Never mind," she said. " Never mind. I know now, and yon meant it all for the best." Chapter XLTY. Mary sat by tho bed in which Agnes lay for nearly half the night. She was so determined on this strange arrangement that her sister had to yield, and as long as the darkness lasted, whieh in July moves Blowly, much more than in June, the conversation went on. Ford lay on the sofa in a distant corner and slept soundly, bnt neither of the ladie3 had any inclination to sleep. It distracted the thoughts of Agnes from the possible awful importance of this night in Mar.'s life to tell Mar.'B mother everything that hadhappened, dwelling as briefly as possible upon the illness which had separated Mary from her child, and endeavoring to blur over as best she conld the blank which that illness had left behind in Mary's mind. It was indeed a very broken story, in which a stranger wanting information would have seen the most serious gaps and de ficiencies. But to Mary the interest of the details in which Agnes took refuge, to avoid the more serious questions, was bo great that it was always possible to carry her past a dangerous point, and the murmurs of the two voices going on all through the night, low breathed into each other's ears, was more like the whisperings of two girls over their little secrets of love than the clearing np of what was almost a tragedy, the revelation of the strangest, tronblous, story. Mary herself was lost in a still vague and tremulous joy, all innocent and soft as the little garment that had been the happy cause of it, possessing as yet no complications, re alising nothing but that she had been proved to have the dearest of all possessions to a woman —a child, a baby, who to her thoughts was a baby still, and at present linked himself but dimly to any idea of- further developments. To be told that he was Mar. still gave little en lightenment to her mind, which did not know Mar. Something that could be wrapped still in that little film of innermost apparel — although ' it was at the same time somethiug which could consciously respond to her affection, reflect his father's imago as Agnes said he did — something that was at once a loving human creature and an infant entirely her own. This was Mary's conception of the child whom she had discovered as if it had been a jewel that was lost. She was not shaken by ber diaoorery as had been feared. She took it sweetly, quietly, as was natural to her gentle sonk Happily It had come without any harsh discovery, in the gentlest way, and as yet there seemed nothing but happiness in the lifting of the veil, the opening np of the old life. Mary cried as she sat and listened, shedding many soft tears. Her eyes shone behind them with joy and peace. She had found what she had lost. No more would her old lord frown upon her in her dream ; no mote would she feel that imper fection, that something which she could not understand, the mystery whieh had haunted her life, though she did not know what it was. She conld not, perhaps wonld not, for even in this feeble state there is some moral control, allow herself to think farther. It was enough that she had come out of the darkness, and that the light was sweet. When the daylight began to come in atthe window and make thecandies pale, Lady Frogmore rose, as light and serviceable as if it had not been she who had been sur rounded with such anxious cares for so many years, and placed upon such a platform of weak ness and disadvantage. She waB not weak, nor at any disadvantage now. Her maid slept. Her sister, who had ministered to her all these years, lay silent, looking on while she put out the candles and closed the shutter on the win dow. " I am coming to bed," she said, " if yon will make room for me, Agnes ; not because I am tired, for I could sit and hear of him for ever, but because we must be early astir to morrow, and I suppose rest is necessary. I don't feel any need of it," she said, with a soft laugh. "None at alk I feel young and strong as if I conld do anything. I feel about 20, Agnes. ! Bnt make a little room and I think I shall sleep. It is like old times," she said, as she took her place by her sister's side, " like old, old times, when the little girls were always together. Do 7 it. . — . h r the tints hcs trc txrc ttcj- ttis little girls ?" They kissed each other laughing and crying over that old recollection. How long, how long ago ? And all life bad passed since then, and here they were, two sisters, growing old, with wTinkles upon the faces which the early light revealed, despising all the tender fictions of the night. Mary soon slept as she had said, fear ing nothing, innocent in the discovery she had : made. She fell asleep like a child with the light of the summer morning growing on her face. But Agnes conld not sleep. When her sister's regular breathing showed the deep re- | pose in which she was wrapped, Agnes stole out of bed and went to the furthest window, j where there wis a glimmer of the rising snn, and knelt down there in the dawning ray, turn- inc her face towards the east. Why she could I not have told. To turn her face towards the east was no spell, there was nothing in that to secure that her prayers shonld be heard. And it conld not be said that she prayed. Her sonl and body were both worn out. She knelt there silent, her head bowed in her hands. The new day was bringing life or death to Mar. — which was it bringing, life or death? She knelt on silent, like an image of devotion. It was something at least to await that crisis, when it shonld come, upon her knees. Lady Frogmore slept till it was late, long after Agnes had dressed and come upstairs again to await at her bedside her sister's awakening with a little anxiety after all the excitement of the night. Mary had lain very still ; she had not moved for hours, and was sleeping like a child. But when she began to give signs of waking, ber appearance changed. She moved about uneasily, her face contracted as if with pain ; she put out her hands as if appealing to some one. Suddenly she sprang up broad awake in her bed. " Ford 1" she cried, and then " Agnes 1" as she perceived her sister. Her breath came quick, a look of terror came over her face. "Who was it?" she cried, "Who was it — that said ' May he grow up an idiot, and kill you ' Who was it, Agnes ?" "Oh, my lady, my lady 1" cried Ford, from the other side of the bed. " Mary ! don't think of that, for God's sake. " " Who was it ?" she cried. " It was to me it was said." "Ob, my lady," said Ford, "don't think of such dreadful things." " 'May he grow up an idiot — and kill you — ' It wo3 Baid to me — it was a curse upon my baby— my child 1 Who said it, Agnes ? You know." "Oh, Mary, what does it matter now ? What harm conld Huch wicked words do to any one ? Yes — yes, it is true. Mary, I ought not to tell yon, it was Letitia. Oh, what does it matter now ?" Mary pnshed her away, flinging herself out of her bed. "Not matter 1 Ford, let me dress at once. Order the carriage. Tell me what is the first train. We must go at onee by the first train." "Where, Mary? Oh, my dear, where?" "She asks me where?" cried Lady Frogmore, appealing in her excitement to the maid. "She asks me where, and she knows my boy is in that woman's bands — my child in that woman's hands. She said, may he grow up an idiot — my child, my baby 1 and he is in her hands. Oh, quick, quick, give me my things ! Order the carriage 1 There is a train, early, that we went by before. Oh, the slow, horrible train it is, I remember, stopping everywhere ; but at least don't let us lose it now," " Is it to the park you are going, Mary ? " "Where else?" cried Lady Frogmore; "iB not my child there, and in her hands ? " She was too impatient to accept the usual services of her maid, but dressed herself in wild haste, her trembling hands tying strings and fastening buttons all wrong. Her two attendants could do little but look on as in her agitation she Bnatched at everything. The gentle Mary, always so tranquil and mild, was transfigured with passion and eagerness. When she heard that it was too late for the morning train it was a shriek rather than a cry which burst from her breast. "Oh, why did you let me Bleep? Why did I sleep ? " she cried bitterly. There was no possibility of calming her, no means of explain ing how they had arranged everything for her comfort that she might rest after her unusual excitement and exhaustion. She, rest 1 Mary, who had been the object of unceasing care for years, whose every mood had been considered, and from whom everybody near warded and kept off any possible shade of annoyance, forgot all that in a moment. She became the Mary of old, she who was Letitia's right hand, she who spared no trouble, who thought of everybody but herself. Mary was as much surprised at being the first to be thought of, at having her rest cared for, as if that long time of care and observance had never been. "Best for me," she cried. "You should have known better, Agnes — yon might have known I should not rest till I had seen my boy. " She woke without a cloud upon her memory of that fact, but with this new dread sprung up in her mind which could not be calmed down. They set off in time for a later train after a weary interval of waiting, an interval that seemed to both as if it would never end. Mary bad been seized in the new sense of motherhood with a panie and fear of alarm which nothing could quench- She who had forgiven everything to Letitia, who had thought of nothing either in her madness or her recovery but the interests of her former friend, now feared ber a3 if she were a criminal, and felt that every moment the heir remained in her bands was a moment of danger. " She will do him no harm," Agnes tried to say. " She is not kind. She doe3 not love him, but she will do him no harm." Mary would not listen to this voice of reason. The woman who had wished that the unborn child should grow up an idiot and kill his parents appeared in no light bnt that of a possible murderess to her who had newly discovered his existence and that she was his mother. She waved off her sister's soothing words. She put Agnes herself — Agnes who had loved him always, who had been his first guardian, all the mother he had ever known — in a secondary place as one who could not divine the passion of the mother love. "It is easy for yon to speak," she said, crying out in her impatience that the horses crept, that they would be too late for the train, and then that the train itself was like a country cart, and would not go. Then there came those long waitings at the jnnction, the interval between one little country conveyance and another. The rain of yesterday had all passed away. The day was bright, illuminating the face of the country, mocking at the heavi ness of the travellers. Lady Frogmore was flushed and eager, full of inquiry, walking about during the times of waiting, explaining to everybody that she was going to her son, to bring him home, to the great confusiun of those who knew her story, and knew, too, that Mar. lay dying. Her acquaintances looked at her with trouble and suspicion, looked anxiously aside at Ford, who followed her mistress about as she walked up and down. Had poor Lady Frogmore's brain given way again, was what they asked each other, with their eyes. But it was none of their business, and there was no one important enough to interfere. As for Agnes, , she was incapable of any activity. .A4ihea:'ahe was permitted to be quiet for a moment ithero fell upon her heart the other dreadfuls. burden which Mary had not understood, which Agnes shrank from insisting upon. AYasitall too late, too late, a terrible irony of Providence which sometimes seems to keep the word of promise to the ear, as well as the pagan fates, to give when the gift is no longer of any use? AYas his mother hurrying in all the new passion of her love and trust to find no child, no son, but only what was mortal, the poor cast off garment of flesh that had once been her boy? AYas it all over that struggle! or had it perhaps ended, as the nurse hoped, in life and not in death? As Bhe approached the time when she should know, Agnes's mind began to play with this hope ; tremulous gleams of happiness and possibility flashing before her eyes, which she dared not receive or dwell Upon, but which came to her without any will of hers, flaming through the dark, lighting up the 9kies, then sinking into greater gloom than ever. AYhilo Mary walked about in the intervals of waiting, Agnes sat out of sight in the most retired corner she could find, dumb and faint with the awful suspense. She could not oommunicato to her sister what she feared, yet feared doubly for the consequence to Mary if in the heat of her newly awakened feeling she should come suddenly against that thiok blank of loss. Oh, to forestall the wrong turn, to know what a few hours might bring forth — happiness, the perfection being, a now life, a brighter world, or madness; misery, and death? Thus the one sister sat dtlmb and incapable of epeeoh, her throat dry and her lips pcuoueu, Wuile lue uluei ail elicigy and eager ness soothed her impatienco by movement and eager communication of her purpose — going to find her boy. The railways have almost annihilated distance everybody says— and it is true. But when a succession of slow country trains on cross lines have to be gone through with many pauses, stoppages and changes, there is nothing which gives the same impression of delay and miserable tardihood. To haste for a little time towards your end, and then to Btop and spend as long a time or longer in aimless waiting, repeating the same again and again in an afternoon's journey 1 No waggon on the country road seems to be so alow, so lingering, so impossible to quicken. It was dark when they arrived at the nearest- station to the Park, and then a long in terval followed before they could obtain the broken down, rattling, clattering country fly which drove them six miles further to tho Park. It was all that Agnes's lips could do to utter an inquiry "How is Lord Frogmore?" when the keeper of tbs lodge awoke up out of his first Bleep, stumbled forth to open the gate, half reluctant to admit visitors at such an hour. "I think I beard as the young lord's a bit batter," said the yawning lodge keeper. Her heart leapt up. almost choking her in ber sudden relief. But how did she dare to trust this indifferent outsider, who cared nothing ? At least, at least, he lived still, which was ranch. Mary had grown quite silent in the excitement of the arrival, She put her hand into her sister's, and grasped it as if to keep herself up, but said nothing. They dismounted out of the noisy fly at the end of the avenue, Mary obeying the impulse of Agnes, asking no reason. There were still - lights about the upper windows, and a glimmer in the hall, the door of which was opened to them by a servant who was in waiting, and who at first looked as if he would refuse them admittance, but gave way at the sight of the two ladies. He gave Agnes in a subdued whisper the bulletin. " A little better— fever diminished," Which in the instantaneous and unspeakable relief, took all strength and power to move from her after all her sufferings. She leaned back upon Ford, nearly-fainting, her eyes closing, her limbs refusing to support her. In that moment Lady Frogmore drew her hand from her sister's. She asked no questions. No weakness or sinking of heart or courage was in her. She neither looked nor Bpoke to any one round her, but swiftly dotaohing herself, throw ing off her eloak, disappeared up the great, partially lighted staircase as swift and as noise less as a ghost. (To be continued.) 