THE SOCIAL CIRCLE. nuptial knot. i lie marriage ot Miss Hilda hlcanor Mario Bunny, youngest daughter of tlin lata Jtiduo Himtiy and Mrs Runny, Speou Lodge. St. George's road, Malvern, with Mr Donald Mnckhmon, barrtaler-at-law, nosday), at 2 p.m., nt All Saints' Church, St. Kibiu, tho officiating chogymuti being the Rev. ,1. II. Gregory. Tho church m«s dc- coruted by Miis Louehtian, and tlierc was n largo congrogation. Tlic bride, who was married frotr. tho rosidcnco of Mrs Grnker, " llrnokvillo," J'oorak, was given away by Ur Rallo-ileadluy. Siio wore a pretty gown ot ivory ei Ik. made with a long train, and having tight sleeves of velvet and rich poxr-nhuped trimmings ; an orange blossom wreath aud long «ul!e veil. She also carried a lovely bouquet of whito flowers ami ferns. Tho maiils in attendance worn tho .Misbrs Mucktnnno, Turubull, O.dmrnc ami a'Huekett. Tltcy nil wore gowns of limited delaine, tho first two being in shades of old pink nod cream, and the last two in shades of tnignoucttu and cream. Mr Inn. Black acted us best man, and two little boys, thu Masters Lillies and Power, waited as nages, in cream ncrgo sailor suites. The bridesmaids carried b'.ti'juela of pink roses, which were from Mrs Lawford '« shop in Collins street. At the couoiusioit of tho ceremony tho guests drovo to "llrookville, "where a re ception was held, nearly two hundred guests being urosuut. During tho afternoon the bride and bridegroom left for " Bracniar House, " Maccdan. where they will spend a few wccLs prior to a Hip lo Japan. Thu bridn'a travelling drcaa was of fawn twucii, tailor made, with which a hiuo bat was worn. The prcsouUi received wcro nuineroun and usoful, and wore on viuw in tho hall at ."Rrookvillo" during yesterday aftornoou. Among tha guests present at the ceremony were Mr Mrs and Miss Crokut , I)r and Mr Ltllica, Sir W. and fjnly Clarke, Misses Mitchell, Mrs and Mitts G'ulin Simson, Mr aud Mrs A, Lniglumn, Dr and Misses Morrison, Mr J. Mackmnon, Mr and Mrs Cornhh, Mr aud Mrs D. Moore, and Major and Mrs Uaiiuny. Thu marrbigu ' of Miss Rachol Thomp son, eldest daughter of Air T, Tltomp- sou, of 'l!\yswator," Uiiluu street, Alal- vcrn, with Mr J. H. King, second sou of Mr John King, of " Muirburn,'' Motung, (lippHlaud, was celebrated ut St George's Church, Malvern, oil the 12th in stant. The church was artistically decorated with greenery and while flowers, tho initials of tho bride nnd bride groom nnu a murriago hell being hung over I bo altar. Miss Thompson was given away by her father, ami wore a protty gown of white paugcu silk made with a long train, and having a front of soft blond laco, coronet, of oraugo hloMuotn, and long tulle veil, and a handsomu cold bracelet, presented by tbo bridegroom Tho maidH in attcmiatico wore tho Mimes Agnes 'Thompson, Mario King. Maggie Thomp son, and Winnio Thompson, All wore frocks of cream sorgo trimmed with antrauhau, aigrettes in tho hair, and carried bouquets of yellow daffodils. Tno groomsmen were Messrs A. Diek.suo, of TallaitgatUi, and Mr Harry King, cmaiii of tho bridegroom. After tho cere mony the company drovo to the residence of thu bride'H parents, where it reception was held, after which Mr aiui Mrs King left for Rallural, the latter wearing a gown ot brown cloth ; mid large picture hat. A flutter of excitement was caused hi Williamstown on Wednesday night by the wedding of MLs Marion Slovens Chester, eldest daughter of Mr Ernest S. Ghost or, of IWoo street, to Mr Robert Leu Fodden, nolicitor, of Market utroot, only son of Mr Nelson Fothltm, of Hristol, England. Thu crcmony was performed In thu lloly I runty Liiureh by the Kcv. Lauon Surceant. Tho choir, under tho direction of Mr I'. M. Iblis, orguuiot, gave a choral service. Tho bridesmaida were Alisacs l-lislu Chester, M. Hammond, N. Draper, B. Roberta mid Conniu Thompson. ' Messrs Edmimdson, II. Cooke, W. 11, WillIniiM, S. Chester and M. V. Smith aotcd us groomsmen. The bride's dross was ui Imiidsomo wliito eordud silk, trimmed witli iesri triiumiiig and lengthy train iinisbod off with frill of white silk. Sho also wore a pearl girdle. Two small children — Muter V. Smith and Miss C. Thompson — looked- very pretty In ureain plush court dress, and carried wliito borso-ahocs. Thu prcsonls were both iiumorons nnd costly. ' After tho ucrainony, a roe option, wus htld at tlio rosidoiioo of thn bride's parents. Tho guests wore tlio lion \Y. II. nnu Mrs Roborts, Miss Rolicrts, Dr and Mrs Maclean, Air and Mrs 'I'. 1), Hammond, Mr and Mrs J. H. Thomp son, Mr ami Mrs Af. J. Smith, Air nnd Airs II. N. Scott, Mr ami Mrs J. IUld, Captain and Airs J. Ogilvio, Captain ami Mrs Mitchell, Rov. Canon and Airs Sergeant, Mimen Firth, Pain, C Dennis and Mo.tsrs D. MT'honuin, R. Noalo, Hold, Oldlium, II. Hanunoud, V. Brownficld uud Iblis ; also Mr II. and Mrs Draper, Air W. F. and Mu-sClnrk, Aim \Y. Wood. The happy couple proceeded lo BalUrat to spent their houoytnoon. Tho Alclb'tmno Hioyolo Clnb hohl thoir annual l«vll in thu Masonic Hall, Collins struct, last ovcnlng. Tlio room was uicely decorated and tho attendance very fsir. Thu gonerttl fortniehtly incottng af the Austral Salon takes place this evening. Airs Warren, of llrunswiuk will preside, and a paper on "Ourselves" by Aflss Conor O'llrlon will lie delivered. Aliss Hohorrar will recito, and soBgs 'wiU bo given by Mrs Alaurico Benjamin and Mrs David Atkln. \- Tho Oollingwood Assembly hold onothor of their delluntfal dances la tlio local Town Hull, this evening. 