POLITICAL POINTS. THE proceedings In the Amiably on Monday were initiated by the reading of a letter which Mr. Speaker annonnoed that he had reoelved from Colonel French, late Commandant of the Queensland Defence Force. Itwasdatedfrom Castle Dover, and acknowledged the vote of thanks passed by Parliament to the offioeri and men of (he Force who took part In tbe late unfortunate distnrbance In the Weeteni districts. Written on a email sheet of mourn ing note, the letter presented a very unofficial appearanco, and the only comment tt evoked was an approving " hear, hear" to the opinion that the men would ever be found ready when wanted.. The Colonel expressed himself highly gratified that the work done by the officers and men whowere celled out hid wonths almost 0 nanttnons approval ofParliament; but hoooc able members seemed anxious to know when tbe colony was likely to hearths last of the nnfor tunate business. People who had neither band nor part in making the trouble have already had a surfeit of the shearerversui-squatter controversy, and would be glad to Me thegria ghost of 1891 laid aalde'for ever. . » » . « . . . The Poisons BUI emerged bom committee in a form materially different from that la which it came down from the Council. It WM originally proposed that the administration of the measure snonld'be entrusted to the Phar macy Board, a metropolitan body whose chief duty is supposed to be to keep watoh and ward over tbe interests of chemists and dniggMa. The Assembly, bo«rever,would have Mtua! whatever to ao with the Pharmacy Board, ted aU referenoe to that august body was rutbbesly expunged from the Bill. tir*tn*» to MM 1 poisons etc to be gnated by the magistrates, In whom members appear to have more confi dence than they have inchemtsta. lit. More head made several attempt* to kUl the 'BOl, and actually succeeded in defeating the claase restricting the sale of "rough;«« tats" to householder* only. Bat the Colonial Secre^ry managed to aave tbe remaining prorlstou*. There was a good dealot discussion oa' nook interesting topics as deatbe heads and oitisi bones, Armenian bole,: nnr vnnloa, aad tbe comparative deadliness of poisons of the second and third dedmU potency. ? It waaaxpeoled that, as in former years, Mr. Maafariaaeawald have attempted to inolnde brandy, wMaky, similar "poisons"^tfcM.tae rum, and other I stopeof themesauret bat ,h»t. doing so, owing no 4oubt to Hie prevalence flf snakes and the ueoessity of having jready re courae to treatment priaeribed ou the priMfie of eimilia timil&mt; cMranter. . A bbokt bill to amend the provisions n tbi Mercantile Apt with regard tortnAwwrigrfif - hiving been passed through committee, the House went into committee to ooosldsr <ije ;. Criminal I»w Amendment BUliodeMLt.SSti subjects dealt with In .this measore-whlA4uil« attracted* Urge amount of etteut|og^aire*K|t snob u permitof free dbeaauon u {snlK When the -Bill oame betoiie the OpomU^Ujim ; referred tor the consideration ofa mittee tn Camera, and there mil lltHe wlaf debate upon itintho Honse. Asmanyj>etlticM had been presented to the AssemMy protsetjafr. against amendments made by theCCToffifflj?' uussion in the Lower Chamber was InevltiMa, , lati it *u at one time thought thai |M'igJpU'-, ieries would be cleared j Indeed, Use man> ' aotuatly threatened to more that atraogerrbe - required to withdraw, bat It *u notfoand neceesary to take thii extremsconree. The principal speakers, strange to say, Were the baohelom-Mr. Hamilton, Mr. MiiajllK; Archer, who exptwsed eeHooi. that the Bill, while affbrdityf the weaker, would expose the sttofager.aei ft grave danger. Mr. MadarUh^ JbOred an amendment ralslngthe Me ot VbtBHSiltijfk twelve to fourteen years, ont wa* beaten M division by a substantial majority. The VotjL however, does not troly reflect the^ feeling 8 the Hofcw ob the anbjefet. Quite a &tunber; Hp niembem who think with Mr. Maofarlane an the subject voted against his amendment, .be cause they feared that if they insisted 6pon their view the Bill would be. thrown out by the Council; and they deemed M *tof to ,«o eept the measure of reform offered ot the Bill than to pursue a ooune wbieh would bare the effeot of keeping matters as they are. . . > . . . j j Soul time ago Mr. Annear moved for peperif in oonnection with the diamieml of » S tate school teaoher named Proeser, wbo wu la obaige at Yengaiie. The dooumenta disclosed groee misconduct. Preiser had been obaqjed' on the Information of a domesHo aerrant his employ, and on the evidenoe Riven baton Mr. Lnkln, P.M. at Maryborough, wu dis miued from the aervioe. The teaobro' awo- , elation and a number of Yengarie feeidentl protested that be bad been condemned on an eupported testimony, and a demand for a re hearing of the oase before the Civil Servioe Board was .raised in Parliament by Mr. Annear, supported by other Wide Bay mem bers. The Minister promised to re-open the matter, and give grower ma ropportnnity of .oalUngsuch«vldenoeashe might be able to obtain in bis defence. Tide was IflNOthMV.' On Tuesday Mr. Abnear kiked.>wtkMl nbtloe, tfanythinsfortherbad beta'abbe In the matter. Mr. Hodgkinaon replied that be had informed Prosser uiat the uivil Servioe Board were prepared .to grant ft rehearing. Prouer*e answer was that be did not 'wantTi second inquiry, and bad no further evidenoe to offer. There the matter rated. . . . . . . ,. The debate on the seoond feeding of the : Agricultural Lands Puieheae Bill was reeamed \>y the Leader of the Opposition, who,witb Mr. Morebead, Mr. Archer, and other promi nent members on the same aide, stnnfriy op posed the proposal, the member for Baloane going so far as to threaten tbat if the BUierar got into oommittee it would lie stonewalled and he would lead the stonewalling brigade. Mr. Stevenson, Mr. O'Snllivan, and Mr. Hoolan promised assists nee, and.Mr. Drake hinted that he also might be penuaded to lend - Balonne a hand. On the other side, Mr.-Par kins, the Minister for Minee, Mr. Aland, Mr. Corfield, Mr. Ieambert, and the members for Cunningham and .Warwiok expressed warm approval of the eehetne of reclamation em bodied in the 8(11. The Premier said the powers oontained in the Bill might be need with very great advantage to the publlo in terest both in the North and South- If It ?were possible, without lnoreasiag the burdens of the taxpayers-and he believed it was qui be possible-to convert the large estates into smaller ones, to be ooonpied lor agricultural purposes, he thought it would be wise to do it. At 9 o'clook the debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr. Pbilp. Mr. ALLAH, in supporting the Bill, said the only land In Queensland when wheat oouid be grown was on the Darling Downs. The large proportion of the wheat- growing country was on the Darling Downs, and that fact was Eroved by the Registrar-General's returns. [e did not think it wu necessary that the Government should purchase all the land tbat might be offered. They oould buy the parte most suitable for the purposes for which they were required. He had never seen suoh wheat as there was at present on the Downs, and be was sure that if proper faoiiities were given there would be wheat grown there sufficient not only for the colony's requirements, but there, would be a large amount available for exportation. Referring to an artiole In the Courier, he said the estimate of the wheat orop appeared to be incorrect, for he estimated the product would be not 876,100 bushels, but 450,000 bushels. One paragraph in the report to which he aaked that ipeoial heed should be given was as follows:-"At the present time on the Darling Downs there are nearly half-a mtllion acres of rich fertile land, into which the plough could be pot to-morrow, and Whli)l) within twelve months would yield over two million bushels of grain, beildea affording farmed ample room for the raisin); of other orops, and tor breeding farm hones, bullocks, and miloh cows. One stands in wonder before the stupendous possibilities which the Darling Do WW affords, were a Urge tract of tliiaglori on country opened up for clou eettlenient." That was precisely the object of tho bill, and What the Government desired to see carriud out. . . » . » . . Mr. MORGAN laid he wonld vote for the ?sjond reading of the bill becausc, if it was paned he believed it would do » orpat deal of good to the oountry generally. He did not Bice some of the provisions of the measure, but on the whole he thought legislation of thktidnd was required to aettle people on the land. Reference had been made during the tebate to particular runs on the Darling Down*, which it was auumed the Government tejsre going to purchase. He was not in the teofata of the Government, but he thought a proviaion should be inserted in the bill to the effeot that Parliament should be consulted be fore pay land wat bought by the Government. The land should lie scheduled and the price tttymltted to the House before any of the land tni* purchased. He did not think it would be advisable to purchase latse traote of land in aoydlstritst. He pointea oat that nearly all the Crown landa in the Warwick districts had been absorbed, so that it waa seemingly diffi cult for poraons to settle on the land. It hat) bees aud that the proposal was an experi ment. A ache me of thia kind had been tried in Booth Australia and New Zealand, and it was-no«r being tried in Great Britain in the oase of the Irish Lands Purchase Bill. He thought everything should4>e done to put the people on the land, so that they might Moome produoers. They beard a great deal about theimemployed, but he belli that the only soloUoo of the problem was the settlement of the people on the land. (Hear, hear.) It was said that the turners had not asked for the bill. Of eoutse -it was not likely that the farmer* would be anxious that others should settle en the land to oompete against them selves, but there waa a general demand for the MHW pot wily on the Darling Down!, but also in Brisbane. It was no argument to say that beoacse ttienj:ffa*a surplus of farm pro dnoe this year the number of the cultivators of the soil should not be increased. This state of things would not always continue, and be lookedto the wheat-growing industry -ins of employing a large number of «l'oolUrator% Uborera, artisans, and Tax Petri Shell and Beche-de-mor Fishery Bill was taken through committee before the Hooae rose, discussion being oonfioed almost exolusively to the Chief Secretary, who was in charge of the measure j Mr. Hamilton, who * Tits TbUsiay Island, the head-quarters Of tiie fishermen; and Mr. Phllp, who .-^Bjabqat-yeads -andpsari'ahsll, teat sing., and tl lie other prod nets of the seas jh wash the .Barrier Beef aud the ooral Islands of the far North. The senior member lor Fortitude Valley (Mr. Watson), also had a word toaay, as became aa "old salt." He directed his attention chiefly to the provision fcettebtiiig the Inspection of diving apparatus. The only way an Inspector «oula thoroughly test is' diving dress and tubes was, he thought, to put it on and go down in it s by this means he wonld aoon discover if it was defective. Mr. Dalrymple aaid the suggestion reminded him of the tests applied in the olden days to women aocused of' witoheraft. 'J hey were thrown into.* mnd by thelr accusers) if they wientito the bottom and were -drowned, they were considered innooentwhereas, if they "-* the chswe was regarded aa proved, * "en out and burned at the __ to pot a atop to the traffic in atwen pearls which has hitherto formed one of the staple industries of Thursday Island. In fdtarpnnly those persons who hold a ven dor'a'Uoense will be allowed to.selipearls, and tt b'HUi unlawful to buy pearls from an unli oensed jperaon. The blacks employed upon the fishing boats are inveterate thieves; they ?teal all the pearls they oan lay their hands Btna. andaetl them to jnesengers by the mail boite which call at Thursday Island. Splen did pearls are often secured in this manner, to ifcaUnryof the owners of the fishing boats; but tba jbuyers an more often deceived by being induoed to give long pNceS for " pearlsT »H8npm expert examination prove to be lisarda* «gi. - Then counterfeits of the gems of purest ray serene produoed by ooean caves are very common at Port Kennedy, as many members of the House teemed disposed to testify. : -Tha Bill pasted without material amendment, ana Me House rose shortly before 11 o'clock. i Oil Wednesday Ur. Archer presented a petition from Mn. Emily Matilda Bourne, widow of the late Mr. George Bonnie, pray ing thatPariiament wonld grant her an aJlow anoelnJWmsideiaitlonof the work done by her latelmtaod aa an explorer. Mr. Bourne was aaoond iniDenunand of tbo Iiandiborough ex peditioo, which is generally admitted to have proved i*et7 beneficial to the colony. The members of the.expedlUon suffered great pri vations, the affects of whloh, it waa allied in thepetition, bad seriously interfered with Mr. Bourse's subsequent progressin the wrvioe of the Btate. .ftiriiament liad voted £2000 to Mr. handsbonmgh ior his asfrioes on the nomsfcwyhttt the elsims of Us seoond in oom mand .have hitherto been entirely ignored. The petition having been read and reoelved, Mr. Archer gave notloe of his intention to move that the mm of £000 be granted to Mn. Bonfne. »? a .' . . . . Thi rest of the sitting, from a quarter to 4 ttU a quarter past 11, waa occupied in discus sing the Rabbit Boards Bill in oommitte. The aobem^ofHtbe measure as introduced by the Government was to declare dUtriots infested endtoprovldfe for the establishment of "boards in those districts, power being given to them to idle revenue by an assessment on stock and to require owners or lessees to fence their runs, the rabbit fund paying half the rost of erecting theposta ana Wires, the owners or leseeetthe Other half, and the Government snpplving the netting. Mr. Allan, as spokes man for msmbers representing the pastoral eOBStttuendas.bronght down a series of amend ment! Involving an entirely new scheme. Tbeteprovided Tor an assessment on stock all over the colony, and for the appointment of three plaid Government officers to oooupy seats on the various rabbit boards, the Govcmor-in Conncll haying the power to determine the amount of the assessment payable. The Pre mier declined to aooept the amendments, Whloh, after a lengthy discussion, were with drawn, and the Bill passed substantially in the form in which It was introducod. The pastoralista stood shoulder to shoulder as they need to do in the good old days, but the Pre mier remained firm, and waa so strongly pup ported that the Opposition said it was quite useless to attempt to foroe their views, Mr. Perkins, Mr. Grimes, and Mr. Stephens fell foul of the " pure merinos" during the course of the debate, and were smitten in return; bnt upon the whole the proceedings were con ducted in good temper, and a workable measure waa the result. 