LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, May 1, 1891. "The great Taciturn," as the Germans admiringly christened Von Moltke, remained the same to the end. He was silent at the zenith of his glory; he remained silent in the presence of his only conqueror, Death. The aged field- marshal frequently expressed a desire to die swiftly, painlessly, and in silence. Providence granted the prayer. Without illness or more than a moment's mental weakness he passed suddenly into eternity. All Friday the count was as usual. He went to the offices of the general staff in the morning and discussed with charac- teristic acumen the plains for the fortifica- cation of Heligoland. In the afternoon he attended the sitting of the Prussian Diet, and walked briskly home. At the family dinner or supper the old soldier told the party that a man had sent him a paper on which he calculated that Von Moltke's birthday had never fallen on a Sunday from the day upon which he was born in 1800 till his last or 90th birthday. "If I were superstitious," said he, little think- ing that two hours hence he would be lying stark and cold, "I might believe I had seen my last birthday." After supper there was the regular game of whist. Once or twice the field-marshal sighed and said he wasn't feeling very well. ''Then," said his son, "we'll leave off, and Dress- ler shall give us a little music. We can listen here." But Count Von Moltke replied laughingly, "If I do not go into the room with him he won't play." These may be re- garded as the last words this great man ever spoke. He left the room for a moment, his nephew hearing a groan fol- lowed. The count was leaning against the door post insensible. In half an hour he died quietly on his small camp bed- stead. Von Moltke was bald, and with- out his wig his head precisely resembled Julius Caesar's. This is particularly notice- able now he lies in the death sleep. The Emperor was for a moment half stunned by the suddenness of the catastrophe. He was shooting at Eisenach, but returned at once to Berlin, and spent half an hour in the death chamber alone. His Majesty's exuberant eulogium on Von Moltke though heartfelt, compares oddly with our Queen's invariably well-expressed and restrained phrases under similar circumstances. Deeply moved, the Emperor sees his aged hero, his faithful friend, torn from his side. ''May his memory be honored, may he live on through all time indelible in the page of history. Till his last breath he served me and my illustrious house in modest simplicity, in unselfish fulfilment of duty, and unchanging faithfulness." In this last sentence some people profess to see a slap at Bismarck. Whist was essential to Von Moltke's night's rest; and he played it even on the eve of momentous battles. Last Friday the count wound up his final game on earth by winning the 13 tricks of the rubber each and all himself. At this rare result the old man, though com- plaining of indigestion, chuckled. Among the most interesting of all the stories with which the public was flooded on the occasion of Moltke's last birthday were those contributed to the Speaker by Herr G. von Bunsen. Here are one or two of them. "The scene was one of the hills to the West of Sedan during the afternoon of September 1, 1870. Accom- panied by a small retinue of staff officers, Moltke had sallied forth to find out whether the forces sent at early dawn, one to the right and one to the left, with a view to encircling the doomed adver- sary, had accomplished their task. Nothing was to be seen. Of a sudden the figure of a solitary horseman caught their eye coursing at full speed in a direction somewhat parallel to theirs. It was an officer, who, on recognising the Field-Marshal, turned towards the group to tell his tale—namely, that at rich an hour and at such a place two German brigades had met each other, one marching from the south and the other from the north. At the general's request he repeated the message, emphasising each word of it. Moltke then was seen taking a pinch of snuff, and, while bowing politely to the enviable messenger of such world-moving news, he said, 'Es stimmt.' Again I am at a loss how to translate the great arithmetician's speech. 'The reckoning had come right,' 'the counter-calculus agreed'—in fact, Michael Cassio had for once attained the primary and final pur- pose of a campaign! In his eyes, ap- parently, battles are fought in order to put the enemy, not to flight, but inside a cage. Sadowa is said for this reason never to have satisfied him." Herr von Bunsen gives another glimpse into Moltke's inner man during the very first days after the French proclamation of war, which discloses a little developed talent for banter. A friend of many years' standing greets the field-marshal, whom he meets sauntering along in the Behrenstrasse, with "You must be over- worked indeed at present." "Well, no, I am not," replies Moltke; "the work was done beforehand; all orders are gone out; I have really nothing to do." A few minutes later he is stopped in the same street by a man with whom he has been thrown into business relations since the purchase (with moneys voted by the Prussian Parliament) of the house and farms of Kreysau. This wholesale dealer is irrepressible. His happiness in life seems to depend upon knowing precisely what his excellency may think of the aspect of affairs. " Oh," replies the latter meekly, "I am quite satisfied; the prospects of my barley, it is true, are but middling; winter rye, however, gives admirable promise, and that you know is the chief thing." It seems a pity that this scene in the Behrenstrasse at Berlin in the month of July, 1870, cannot be painted. A pretty little story was told of Count Moltke and a deputation of ladies who came to congratulate him on his ninetieth birthday. He had received them very amicably, and talked to them for some time in his quiet pleasant way, when referring to all the good wishes that had been showered upon him he said, "I am almost sorry on noticing all this affection that I am not a young man again." "How old would you like to be, sir?" asked one of the ladies. "Well," replied the nonagenarian and smiled, "If I could only be 80 once more." Another good story used to be told with great glee by the old Emperor William, who prided himself on having discovered Moltke. One day in the twenties, when he was inspecting a Brandenburg regi- ment, he was struck by the intelligent ex- pression of a tall, spindle-shanked young officer, whom the colonel described to him, in answer to a question, as "Young Von Moltke, who has come over to us from Denmark." The Emperor continued the story thus:—"A few months after- wards I received for examination the written essays of the officers of that regiment. Among them I found one on the defence of Copenhagen, the admirable design of which very agreeably surprised me. It was signed 'Hellmuth von Moltke,' and I at once remembered that this officer had attracted my attention at the review. I then studied the essay closely, and handed it, with an autograph remark, to the chief of the general staff, who was induced to summon Moltke to work in that institution. I was thus enabled to smooth the field-marshal's way on his magnificent career." The charge against Captain Verney was again gone into at Bow-street on Satur- day. Several witnesses recognised the accused as the person who had engaged houses at Kennington and New Quebec street, Marylebone, for Madame Rouillier; and Richard Russell, an ex-shipmate of Verney, described the circumstances under which he came to receive letters for his old captain. The seaman, a bluff honest creature, appears in the first in- stance to have swallowed Verney's assurance that the queerly-addressed letters were connected with his Parlia- mentary labors. When, however, he read of Miss Baskett's case in the papers he remembered the letters addressed to Verney as Wilson, and put two and two together. The captain at this time sent witness a civil letter of thanks and a douceur of £2. He returned the money with an abrupt note. Miss Baskett, recalled, deposed rather more fully to the particulars of her meeting with Wilson just outside Captain Verney's rooms in Bridge-street, Westminster. The witness was walking with her mother at the time and saw Wilson coming towards them. Loud enough for him to hear she said, "Mother, here's that beast Wilson." The man paused and on seeing her mother passed rapidly along. Cross- examined by Mr. Wontner, witness ad- mitted that Wilson's worst familiarities in Paris had consisted of twice trying to put his arms round her: Rouillier told her she got the money from Wilson to send witness home with At Bow-street yesterday Verney was fully committed for trial after the hall porter at the Travellers' Club and a hair- dresser in Bridge-street, Westminster, had deposed to receiving letters for him, in the name of Wilson. The most im- portant evidence, however, was tendered by the keeper of a small Paris hotel, or rather house of accommodation. This person first of all identified defendant as the Mr. Wilson for whom she had habitually received letters, and then gave particulars of his visits to her place with Madame Rouillier, against whom she was a witness last year. The dame furthermore created a pro- found sensation by swearing most posi- tively that the defendant had on one oc- casion offered her 100 francs or more if she liked to act as his intermediary in the pur- chase of virgins. She refused, however, to have anything to do with such goings on. A few questions implying the possi- bility of an alibi were again put in cross- examination, and after some demur the hon. member was admitted to bail, two sureties of £2,500 each and himself £5,000. On dit that within 24 hours of the con- clusion of the Hurlbert case a gentleman not unconnected with the Government and the Times called on the much injured defendant, and advised him to proceed to the States forthwith and to find Wilfred Murtay. "I should go soon," he said, ''and if (significantly) you fail to discover the rascal it would be unwise to return." Mr. Hurlbert blustered a bit, and turning up at his clubs as usual, endeavored to carry offthe situation with characteristic bravado; but it wouldn't do. The best men cut him, and he retreated mortified. In Friday's papers there appeared a letter which has hit Mr. Hurlbert very hard. It was from the plaintiff, and gave some account of the manner in which the defendant's case was got up. Miss Evelyn, who it seems is a genuine clergyman's daughter (don't smile), com- plains that it is very hard, because she has not always rigidly resisted man's per- suasive voice, "that her oath should be treated as of no account, find herself as the scum of the earth." She states that Hurlbbrt's defence was an absolute sur- prise to her counsel, not a word having been said of an alibi in the affidavits. Miss Evelyn says:—"In these affidavits not a word was suggested as to mistaken identity or that the real defendant was Mr. Hurlbert's quondam secretary 'Wil- frid Murray.' On the contrary, Mr. Oakley Hall, who ought surely to know Mr. Hurlbert's writing perfectly, having been in his employ for many years, never mentioned such a person as 'Wilfrid Murray.' But Mr. Oakley Hall went away before the trial, and my sub- pœna could not be served.From that time detectives were set on my track, who called at my apartments, using insulting language. I removed from one place to another like a hunted animal. For months past I have been on my oath, having had to answer the most minute in- terrogatories as to dates of promises and intimacy, places of meetings witnesses, &c.; One affidavit after another was sworn, to and filed by me, giving the fullest de- tails. Messrs. Lewis obtained an order for discovery of documents, and thus became acquainted with every letter, envelope, seal, diary, and scrap of paper of any kind in my possession relating in any way to the case. Copies of all the letters, 181 in number were type-written for them at their request, and the French portions, which are considerable, were translated. (These letters were all that remained in my possession, though, since my first meeting with Mr. Hurlbert I have re- ceived nearly 400 letters from him). Can any reasonable man suppose that he, the most interested party, knew nothing about this? If he were an idiot, incapable of managing his own affairs, it might be believed, but he is a clever man, not at all likely to submit blindly to the advice and guidance of others. It is most re- markable, that the pencilled memoranda in his 'Murray's Guide,' which was never produced till the third or fourth day of trial, should correspond so exactly to the dates I had sworn to months previously, and again unshaken in the witness-box. Letters were received by my solicitor accusing me of perjury and fraud all with the same intent—that of bringing the utmost pressure in every direction to stop the action. It is very certain that had there been the slightest proof of per- jury or fraud on my part they would have been only too glad to proceed at once, and mercilessly, against me. My legal advisers, Mr. W. Newbould and Mr. Reynolds, are men of unassailable honor and perfect straightforwardness. Believing from the first in the honesty and justice of my claim, they remained firm and stanch to the end. The pleadings were so delayed and complicated that the case was pre- vented being heard last session as it other- wise would have been, but it has been known for months past by all parties con- cerned that no further delay could be pos- sible, and that the trial must come on early in April. Mr. Lewis served subpœnas nearly three months ago for the witnesses to attend the court on April 7. On my side, owing to the expense involved in such a course, I was unable to have a discovery of documents, or to put Mr. Hurlbert under interrogatory. The defence sprung upon me while in the witness-box under cross-examination was a totally different one to that made in reply to my statement of claim, and the denial of identity was an absolute surprise to my counsel, solicitor, and myself. I had never seen any of the documents pro- duced before. Mr. Hurlbert, not being bound down by affidavit, interrogatory, and discovery, as I was, could freely in- troduce from time to time during the trial any paper or letter obtained, no matter how or when, to uphold his case. The fact is, Mr. Hurlbert and his astute lawyers imagined that his vastly superior wealth and influence would beat me out of the field long ere the trial began. With regard to the envelope in my hand writing addressed to Mrs. Hurlbert, I had fo-r gotten the incident, and had not an opportunity of explaining afterwards. I have never in my life written to that grievously-injured lady, nor, is it so alleged even by the chivalrous Attorney- General. The envelope was addressed by me at Mr. Hurlbert's own request. I always thought, until the early part of 1890 that Mrs. Hurlbert was the aged relative who resided with him, and at whose death he hoped to inherit a fortune." The epidemic known as Russian in- fluenza has been raging in the north with unexampled fury, and seems now to have seized on London. Sheffield appears to be specially seriously attacked. Thou- sands are down with the complaint, and last week there were no fewer than 50 deaths in the town alone from it. To compre- hend what this means I must explain that though the epidemic was severely felt in Sheffield last year there were only 14 deaths in the twelvemonth from it. The local death-rate now works out to the alarming figure of 57.5 per 1,000. A lad of 16, named Christopher Rich- mond, recently charged Mr. Charles Allan Fyffe, M.A., the well known historian and Liberal candidate for Guildford, with attempting to commit a criminal assault in a railway carriage. On being admitted to bail Mr. Fyffe went home, and ob- serving that his innocence was of no con sequence as to have such a charge brought at all was lifelong disgrace, attempted to commit suicide. Fortunately, the poor man did not succeed, and will, it is hoped, recover. His case has attracted consider- able sympathy, and may lead to its being made a penal offence to publish names in such cases until after conviction. The autumn melodrama at Drury Lane; will be "Formosa;" with Mrs. Langtry as the fair but frail Anonyma. What a sensational discussion this piece provoked when it first came out. Ladies of easy virtue were not considered permissible on the stage in those days, and the realistic scene representing Formosa's villa at Twickenham called forth howls of horror from the Steads of the period. Adelaide Neilson was asked to act Formosa; but neither she nor any of the other available ''stars" cared to risk such a role; and Katherine Rodgers, an experienced pro- vincial actress, ultimately created the part. The play was a success, and ran a long time for those days. Arthur Cellier is hard at work on the score of Sims & Pettitt's ''Black- eyed Susan" comic opera, the libretto of which was complete a year ago. It will not improbably go to the Savoy. "The Nautch Girl" was to have taken the place of "The Gondoliers" this week, but it seems to have come to grief in rehearsal. Both "The Rocket" at Terry's and "The Volcano" at the Court disappear from the bills this week. Mrs. Jno. Wood will produce Fred. Horner's version of ''Feu Tonpinel" next Wednesday. It is to be called ''The Late Lamented," and pro- mises, I am told, extremely well. Ibsen's "Hedda Gabler" proved a far more actable play than either "Ros- mersholm" or "Ghosts." Some of the critics indeed who went to the Vaudviile last week to curse were forced to bless a bit, but this was owing chiefly to Miss Elizabeth Robins's superb "Hedda." I am told you people know far more about Ibsen than we do, and that therefore it would be superfluous to detail the story of this play. I confess I thought it all rather nasty myself, morbidly clever though much of the dialogue is. In the evening we went to "Olivia," which seemed like a breath of fresh country air after the fœtid gas and patchouli of Mistress Gabler. The new version of "Belphegor," now called "The Acrobat," appears to have struck oil at the unlucky Olympic. Wilson Barrett is always at his best in ro- mantic characters, and the part of the juggler just fits brother George. The piece has been divided into four-acts, and the masquerade scene is much elaborated. I hear that a song called "Douglas Gordon," which is not new, has sprung at a bound into popularity. If you do not already know it you should try it over. Mark Ambrent's comedy, "The Anonymous Letter," in which Nellie Farren was to have created the principal role, will now be performed at the Lyric Theatre on Tuesday afternoon next under W. H. Vernon's direction. Fanny Brough is to assume the character in tended for Miss Farren. The Ludgate Monthly, a new three- penny magazine on much the same lines as the Strand, looks as though it might do. The initial issue contains 14 well- written and attractively-illustrated articles, including stories by Rudyard Kipling, Jno. Augustus O'Shea, Ida Lemon, and Florence Marryat, and papers on "Darkest London," "Days Gone Bye," and other popular subjects, by James Greenwood, C. R. Barrett, and H. L. Heat- ley. There is also a song by the great Weatherby (whose unchangeable charge for a ballad is £20), with music by Harry May. 