THE OAKHURST TRAGEDY. A TALE OF THE SUPERNATURAL. By Mrs. Jclia S. Hauris. "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our iibiiosoiiliy."— j H AHLin. CHAPTER I. It was in the twilight of a dull November I evening, when a merry party were gathered around the fire in the drawing-room of Colonel Monckton's hospitable mansion. The subject under discussion had been apparitions, and ] many tales had been told of nocturnal and supernatural visitants, the trnth of which, had been solemnly vouched for by their relaters, and received either doubtfully or with open laughter by the listeners. Colonel Moncston had listened with an amused smile on his genial face at the evident efforts of his friends to make their stories as thrilling as possible, and as the last words of a particularly hair-raising story were uttered electrified the audience by the enquiry— " Shall I tell you about an experience of my own in Ireland which happened many years ago, shortly after my marriage?" "Pray do, Colonel," was the almost simul taneous answer, though nob a few of the group looked their surprise at the Colonel's evident belief in the subject under discussion. After the silence of a fow minutes, during which Colonel Monckton gazed thoughtfully into the fire, he commenced his story. The adventure that I am about to relate happened to me in Ireland in the year 181— j when I was stationed at Milltowu, County Kerry, not long after I arrived there with my regiment from Cork. - My wife preferring to live out of the bar racks, we took a prettily-situated house, about five miles on the road to Killaraey, but by j using a crossroad which led through a lonely valley the distance was considerably lessened. This valley was one of the moBt beautiful in ■ the district. The bright green turf was almost , hidden by innumerable flowers of every shade and hue, while on the side of the thickly wooded hill grew the giant arbutus with its long, crooked, and bare branches, its bright-green leaves mixing with the dark or light foliage of its neighbours with exceedingly beautiful effect. In this month, that of Ootober, it appeared to the greatest advantage, being then covered with a Srefusion of flowers, as well as the scarlet erries of last season; its vivid green leaves also contrasting forcibly with the brown or yellow tinge autumn had bestowed on its fellows. About half-way across this valley, and standing back a short distance from the road, was a large mansion which excited my curiosity, as I passed it almost daily. Not so much on account of its size as the weird, deserted look of its surroundings. The garden had become a wilderness, wild roses, nettles, weeds, and flowers grew in one tangled mass, and grass long and rank covered what had onoe been well-kept gravel walks. This house, which was partly hidden by large elm-trees, was a quaint gable- ended mansion with deeply embayed windows. The blinds at the upper windows were drawn down as well as those on the grtnmd floor, with the excep tion of those direotiy opposite the gate, and at these windows they were raised, show ing the long tapestry curtains which still hung In their place. I questioned Mike, our gardener, who was a native of the place, hut beyond the bare facts that it was haunted, and also that it was in Chancery, I could extract nothing from him. I also made enquiries from other of our servants, but with a like result—a shud dering aversion to speak of Oakhurst seemed to possess them. "}God be good to yer honour, never meddle wi* thay," was the almost invariable answer, and never on any excuse could I induce our servants to pass that lonely house after night fall. I ridiculed the idea of ghosts, and jokingly said, in the hearing of Mike, that were my family large enough I would take Oak hurst on an improvement lease. " The Lord prevint it, yer honour," he ex claimed, " would ye kill the mistress Notwithstanding the report that the house was haunted, and the evident fear of the peasantry of the neighbourhood to go near " Oakhurst," my wife had a great desire to see through it, for, in addition to other reports, it was said to be handsomely furnished in tlio style of about 100 years ago, when the owner left it, never to return again. We ascertained that Mike's mother held the keys of the house, and by dint of coaxing and promise of reward we persuaded him to show us over it. "It's far from the 31st," remarked Mike, " or for all the love and money in ould Ireland I would not take ye there, and mark me, yer honour, never ye cross the valley after dark come the 31st of this month (Ootober), or I wouldn't answer for the consekince." I gave him the required promise, and he graciously consented to come the following day and take us through the mansion. At thebour agreed upon Mike presented him self as our guide, but minus his usual cheerful ness, which had completely deserted him. He wis nervous and distrustful, evidently regard ing our expedition as dangerous and foolhardy. We drove to Oakhurst, and entered the grounds at the rear of the house through a heavy door, which required the united strength of Mike and myself to open; so thickly the weeds grew about it, and so rusty were the hinges. After passing through what appeared to have been a large fruit and vegetable garden, we reached the lisuse, and after some further difficulty with rusty locks we opened a large door that led direct into the hall, which we found extended through the mansion from the front to the rear. A handsome ball—marble paved—hung and decorated with all those curios a country gentleman loves to collect. Arr anged in a stand on the wall were a large stumber of old weapons—guns, swords, pistols, ■and blunderbusses—many of them of foreign ■make, riohly chased and inlaid, but rusty with age and neglect. I am afraid that I broke the eighth commandment then, for I remember thinking that if they were mine I would soon have some of the idle fellows at the barracks at work scouring and polishing; and what a handsome addition they would make to my -colleotion of old weapons. Above the stand of arms preserved iu a glass case was a large dog fox with a handsome brush. lacing us as we entered the hall was a stags head, looking weird, with festoons of cobwebs hanging from its antlera. Turning sharply round to our left we were somewhat startled to find ourselves in close proximity to a monster of whose species we were at first doubtful, but we found on closer inspection that it was a dragon carved in black oak keep ing guard at the foot of the stairoase, its fellow being on the other side. Hut I mii6t not stay to tell you more about the other curios, but follow Mike quickly up the grand oak stairoase. or I shall make my story too long before I come to the ghost. j At the top of the staircase ran a corridor, | into which opened ten or twelve rooms. Mike gravely admitted us to five, I think it was, of these, telling us that they were the largest. All these rooms were richly furnished as bedrooms, and all appeared to have been left in haste, or to have been disturbed since the origiual owner deserted the mansion. In one room a chair had been knocked down and broken. In another on the floor was a heap of clothes and other articles, which ap peared to have been thrown out of a chest, which stood empty on itB end. In a third a dress was thrown carelessly across a chair. | This dress was a handsome garment of some lustrous brocaded material; the rich crimson flowers which were worked into it had I not yet lost their brightness, though the lace with which the square - oat bodice i and elbow sleeves were trimmed was yellow with age. We touched very few of the things that we saw in any of the rooms, but in this case my wife could not restrain her curiosity, so taking the dress up she shook it slightly to clear it from dust, and proceeded to | examine the material and work. It was whilst doing this that she startled me by a slight scream, and on iny turning round she pointed to a dark crimson stain on the skirt of the dress, which had fallen from her bands. I My experience on active service, and the knowledge that blood stains will remain clear ! and distinct for a great number of years, led me to decide at once, as my wife had suspected, that these stains were blood, and that a tragedy had been enacted here. At last I thought, in spite of Mike's reticence, I have found a clue to the mystery, a clue which, if followed up, will lead to the arrest of the ghost, if there really is one, or at least to an interview. I could see from Mike's expression that it would he of no use to question him, so I re solved to watch him very closely as we passed through the other rooms, and to note all I could. Nothing attracted our attention in the fourth room. In the fifth and last room there were several objects of interest. Facing us as we entered was the beautifully carved footboard of a large ■ fourpost bedstead, the scene depicted being ! that of the wise men offering their gifts to the ! Babe of Bethlehem. This was admirably designed, and was without doubt the work of | some foreign artist. The bed was draped with white dimity, and trimmed with bait fringe, as were the beds in the other rooms; the dressing tables, mirrors, chairs, and all the furniture was also draped in white. Beauti ful ornaments in coloured glass and china stood on the toilet tables and shelves, and a faint odour of musk pervaded the room. Over the fireplace was a handsomely.framed painting of the Madonna, the pathetic sadness of whose tear-laden eyes almost drew tears from my wife and rivetted our attention. Near one of the windows, from which Mike bad drawn back the curtain, another painting attracted us, from which wo found it even more difficult to withdraw our gaze of admira tion. This was the portrait of a young lady who looked out of the canvas as if endued with life. The merry rosy lips were parted in a smile, and the sweet hazel eyes gleamed with mischief as she glanced at you. Her hair was drawn hack over a high cushion after the fashion of a bygone day, and in it was c-oquettishly placed a crimson rose. She held in her left hand a flower of heath, on which she had tried the time - honoured charm of " Loves me, loves me notthe petals were showered on her dress, but one remain* ing, and as she extended her hand to pluck it her eyes asked the question, " Which is it, loves ; me, or loves me not?" and so true was the ex pression of her face to the question asked that the impulse to smile bade again was almost irresistible. Other paintings adorned the walls, but we scarcely glanced at them, the I fascination of that pictured face cast such a glamour over us. At last we reluctantly followed Mike down the staircase, and passing through what had been a well-appointed library we at length came to the room which had excited my greatest curiosity—the long room with the deeply embayed windows facing the road. This had evidently been the principal sitting room, or what in these modern days we call the drawing-room. Here also valuable paintings covered the walls, and ornaments rare and costly occupied every available niche and corner. Sofas and chairs of strange old fashioned sliane and workmanship stood about the room. From the coiling hung a large glass chandelier, in the sconces of whicii I curiously noted pieces of wax candle still remained. A chimney-piece, elaborately carved, reached from the floor to the ceiling. The wainscot was of Irish oak, black a9 ebony, and the floor was also of polished oak, the centre being covered by a handsome carpet. Mike was much affected on entering this room, and he grasped my hand tightly as he pointed to dark stains of blood on the floor and the couch adjoining—stains which the dust of a century was not thick enough to hide. Com jiosing himself somewhat lie crossed the room, and, pressing heavily on the carved wainscot, with difficulty opened a secret door, whicii admitted us to a small narrow room. Across tho end of the room stood a bedstead and a chair. Beside the bed was a high pair of buff coloured riding- boots, with rusted spurs still attached to them, and a tall antique silver candlestick stood on a sheif roughly fastened in the wall. These few articles were all the room contained, but for some reason Mike deemed it of importance that wo should see them. Tho wind had risen since wo entered the house, and just at this moment, as we returned to the drawing-room, it blew the branches of the elm across the window, making a noise that so much resembled a scream that my wife, who had before shown signs of fatigue, was now quite unnerved. Mike also was fast losing control of himself, so I decided it was quite time to leave, and hurried thorn into thp ball and out of the house. Mike appeared indeed to have quite lost control of himself, for directly we were out of the house he com pleted my wife's discomfort and further mystified ine by asking with abated breath, "Did the misthress feel anybody touch her J hand?" My wife became so hysterical at this ques tion that I was alarmed, and hastily lifting her I into the car drove her as quickly a9 possible to the cabin of Mike's mother, about a mile dis tant. The old woman oame forward to wel come us as we approached, and when she had learned where we bad been, for Mike had taken the keys without her knowledge, she soundly rated him for hie folly in taking us there, trying at the same time to soothe and cheer my wife. "Never mind, me darlint," she exclaimed, " just ye rest awhile, it's only the little colleen, God rest her soul, its her -wee could hand she put in yours. I felt it mysel when I were a girl, but, praise the saints, she niver hurted S,„ t«>„ mi i,a „„a me. It's sixty-five IH be come Christmas, and its forty Mike is; the spalpeen, not to have more since than to take the misthress there." So the old woman talked away with the evi dent purpose of raising our spirits, which she shrewdly and correctly suspected were damped by our experience of the haunted mansion. In about an hour we started for home, and during the drive my wife explained to me that directly she entered the drawing-room she felt a small, cold hand placed in hers, and, look ing down involuntarily, was greatly surprised to see no one. It was this that had so un nerved her. I treated Miko to a glass of whisky in the evening and tried again to induce him to tell me the story, but failed. He dared not, be j ►aid, till the day had passed, and with that I bad to be content. I had no desire to further explore Oakhurat, though in passing it, which ! I aid almost daily, I was reminded of what had occurred at our visit of inspection, and I often tried to guess what oould be the reason that in this region, so close to Killarney, the i very home of legends and ghost stories of The O'Donohue and others, there was no legend | about the deserted mansion, and the truth, which was only known to Mike's family, should be so jealously guarded by them. However, I was fated to unravel some part of , this mystery myself. 