FICTION. From Engullí, American, and Other Periodical!. THE DEMON^ PAINTER. CHAPTER III. THE MAN WITH A REMARKABLE COUGH. " Now, Pinnie, we are going to my little home If you were a young woman instead of a great awkward boy, you could go to my room and see all my artist work." " Great, big, and awkward ?" said the Blender youth ; " I thought I was not so large." Miss Lamont laughed heartily, as Pinnie cast his eyes down upon his loose sleeves, and undertook to " modulate" his walk to the graceful movement of his companion But her laugh was hushed to silence as she realized that the hoy had never yet had occasion to penetrate the depths of a joke. " We will take a cab," said Helen. " If it is not too far, Miss Helen, I would like to walk." " Oh, yes, it is but a mile or two." " I am sure it would not be much to walk that," mused the youth, looking at the thousand objects around him with an unconscious inteiest. The young girl smiled, and her eyes beamed as they rested upon the strange boy. She had never seen a person so simple-minded and innocent of the world. She thought to rouse him to something like gaiety by her merry manner and sprightly conver- sation. It was a failure. His sober eyes sought hers in silence, without question. His effort to conform his actions to her own was a trifle painful, but in the matter of merriment he made no attempts. He had seen it in others-the faculty may have been omitted in his nature. In this walk Finnie told his story, little recking that its single chapter waa to prove of profound and tragic interest to Helen Lamont. All that he could tell was that his parents had been lost at sea -vhile he was an infant, and that he was saved by being picked from the deck and tassed into a boat into the midst of sailors. He had heard that he was a year old at the time. Where his infant life had been passed he never knew. His earliest re- collection was of a huge stone building, and of being taken through the streets therefrom by Leon Spanero. He had been told many times by Spanero, when angry, that he had taken him from " an orphan hell when a brat." Even his name waa unknown to him. No one had ever told him why he was called Pinnie-be had no other name unless it were Spanero ; and Spanero knocked him down once for using that title on an occasion where a second name seemed desirable. " And have you never worked anywhere else ?" asked the girl, who had listened to the story with great interest. " No, because Spanero always told me about it. Sometimes he speaks to me kindly." "Told you about whst?" asked the young woman. " About how ' cubs' were worked to death as soon as possible to make way for new ones." " And you believe this ?" said Helen, looking into his face in profound wonder. " He knocked me down if he thought I did not believe what he told me." " And have you never talked with the other painters during all these years ?" asked the aston- ished girl. " I heard one of the men say once that Spanero told him that I was a little daft once and had never recovered. I asked Spanero what he meant by ' daft' afterward, and he flew at me with his knife. So I never asked again." Helen looked at the boy for a moment and for an instant it occurred to her that possibly he was not of strong mind. But of all the toilers at the school she had found this boy the most intelligent within a limited range, and she determined to know more of him. Then Pinnie recalled her to the topic, " Is it not true ?" " What, Pinnie ?" " That men kill boys by working them to death if they have no parents ?" " No," said the girl, indignantly. " Pinnie, did you really never have any one to love you ?" *' To what ?" he asked, with a curious look on his face. " To love you-like you ?" " Oh, yes," he said sadly, " I think your pic- tures love me. I stay by them after you go at night. The girl turned upon him in the street, and a pallor spread over her face- followed by deep crimson flushes even to her snowy neck. What did this childish talk mean-what iniquity had there been here that this mystery of life should appear in the very heart of a city ? " Pinnie !" "Yes, Miss Lamont." But she did not continue. Was it possible, after all, that the boy was of unsound mind? She changed the subject. And so they walked and talked until they reached the outskirts of the city. I " Pinnie," she said, " I am doing all the talking- I do you never chat ?" " No, I think not." "But I know there is a deep thought in you somewhere !" He turned his eyes away, and slowly whispered, " There may have been once, but I have lost it." " No, Pinnie, it is not lost-it is laid aside for all these years, and we will find it." j "Miss Lamont," the boy replied, with a heavy heart, "I sometimes think so. Rather the feeling is present when I do not think." Helen had seen a like expression on his face once when he looked upon a painting of himself, which she had quickly put on canvas for amuse- ment. The intellectuality had been painfully mag- nified, but from that pictuie Pinnie had caught an inspiration. She said nothing to him. He dropped the hand that he had taken, and continued, speaking slowly and carefully : " There are times when the dream life yon have spoken of goes away-and a big door opens wide, and I see that I live in prison-and when I want to go out I-I-dare not." Still she uttered not a word. She was not sure . of her footing in such depths. The dream of life of which she had spoken was made up of pleasant hopes playing hide-and-seek with the common facts of life. " Then I dara not-I-" He broke off and began again. "I dare not step beyond-but I think, some- times, very, very hard-of what, I hardly know." Still Helen kept silence-wise unto the moment. " I think of those who have soon and talked with the children, and the flowers, and the woods, which we paint. And I think that perhaps if I had seen the great sea, and the ships, and the life you and others talk of-then I might have thought-is that the sea. Miss Lamont ? Is it ? That is the sea !" He had lifted his eyes-and they rested upon "the waters of the bay, in sight of which they had come by the turning of a corner. They stopped. He stood motionless and speechless, and with fixed stare and hands to his eyes, shut out the other world-and gazed upon the realm of waters-un- conscious of her presence. Oh, sad awakening! In all the upheavals and overturnings of after life, when the electric impulse aroused fear, love, or passion, Helen Lamont never felt such a thrilling sense of profound sympathy, anger, surprise, and mystery as at this discovery of human wrong. The facts revealed were still in the Bhadow- but her soul revolted against the outline representing the dwarfage of this life. She stood by him for a, moment and caught her breath. '* Pinnie, Pinnie, my poor boy, what äcxftiti me&Q; ?" she cried. "It is the set, the great sea !" Like the revela- tions of the lightning in the darkness was the sudden change from sadness to joy upon his face. " And why do you say this ?" asked Helen, sup- pressing her own feelings. "Of course it is the sea." But within her breast there dawned a fuller conception of the awful crime against this waxen faced youth. Pinnie turned his face and plodded on, bent over and thoughtful. He had gazed upon the ocean, and his soul was filled as with the realization of a dream. He was unconscious of the girl by his side. She walked on, deeply mystified. At last he spoke to her without lifting his head : "And, Miss Lamont, this is the green grass-and this is the country of our paintings ?" " No, Pinnie, this is not the country ; see, here are buildings !" " A few, so far apart," he muttered, looking at the residences within the large suburban lots. " And there are flowers-not painted, are they ? I can smell them !" And be leaned over a fence in I transport to catch the rich perfume he had never ¡ known before ! The time had come when Helen could bear this uncertainty no longer. She put her white hand on his arm and said earnestly : " I do not understand you, Pinnie. Do you mean that you have never seen the sea before ?" " I have often heard of it. My life began on the sea-it was my birth-place, I suppese." " And you have not see it for a long time ?" " I never remember to have seen it." " How ? And lived in this city for years ?" *' I have lived at the school," Pinnie replied. " And you have not seen the flowers and the woods ?" i '* Oh, yes, indeed ; I see them every day-you know," said he, looking at her surprised. "Then why have you not seen the sea ?" "Oh," he responded, with some hesitation, "You mean these, the living trees and flowers! I-I-have seen the-the painted flowers." The tone and the look-out into the world before him would have touched a stony heart with pity. To the melting heart of the lovely girl, herself battling for life in the open world, it was crushing. She wept. The shadows of evening were gathering about them, and no one was near. She had opened the door of a prison house, of the existence of which she was unconscious, and still to some extent un- believing. The reality was beyond immediate re- lief. Oh, of man's sad want- this was the mo3t touching she had ever known or dreamed. It was the starvation of a soul. " Miss Lamont," he said, after her tears were dried. " I think I know something of why you cry, but your life must be happy with all these riches !" " I have no riches, child," she replied. " These are the riches of others," pointing to the hous«3 and gardens. " I have nothing but my hands and thoughts." " Riches," he muttered. " I have seen the woods and flowers and the sea-what are riches, Miss Helen, that others have and we do not ? Where are they ? " I cannot tell you now, Pinnie. But all these things that you see are not ours." " God does not give them away, I suppose," said the young man, with the simplicity of a little child. " Why, Pinnie, you must have read of these things," exclaimed the girl suddenly. "No, I cannot read." " You ? You cannot read ?" she asked in as- tonishment. "No ma'am," Pinnie answered, hanging his head. " You never told me this. I would have taught you." " I was going to tell you. Are we near your home, Miss Lamont ?" " Yes, Pinnie, it is close by." " May I not rest here a little ? This is a great ways. I did not know the miles were so long." The boy sat down on the edge of the pavement, under the oak tree, which still remained of the primeval wood, within a few rods of the house whither they were going. He looked again upon the sea and the woods, over which darkness was slowly gathering. Then up rose the moon, in its full, silvery splendour. The glory of the scene swept over him with incomprehensible power. He had seen its beauty oft before, set round with brick walls, but now, rising from the water with its sheeny banner trailing over the broad waters, was a picture for which there was no language within his powers. He was glorified, and spread his arms ov6r the vista, as if the sublimity might in some degree escape him. Truly, the grandeur of the universe was poured into his soul, and all the in- finite possibilities of a mysterious nature over whelmned him. He sank down upon the walk, covered his face with his hands, and wept, for what he knew not. In the presence of this new and wonderful reve- lation to the soul of the youth, Miss Lamont with- drew to a distance-and witnessed that of which philosophy can furnish no counterpart-the over- powering sense of the majesty of God filling a soul for the first time ! But an end must come-and any descent from such heights of contemplation, on the part of either the enthralled youth or the silent witness, must be painful. - She came to him, touched his arm, and said, " Come, it is night j we must go." 1 He rose mechanically-and walked by her side as an automaton. He looked neither to the right hand nor the left, but trudged on. Tbey reached the gate. As he stood by to let her enter and lead the way, a long hollow cough startled him from reverie. Looking up he saw an aged, bent, thin, gray-haired man about to pass. With an unaccountable instinct, which is a part of our better nature, the old man lifted MB eyes to pass a recognition-and immediately brought his shambling feet to a dead halt. He riveted a cold, gray, cunning pair of stony eyes on the youth, but not a muscio moved on his pallid, yet ashen face. The youth returned the steely stare with the un- flinching look of innocence, and ignorance, and wonder. What was the fascination in those livid features ? A sickly faintness came over him-he Bwaycd to one Bide, and would have fallen had not the old man with sudden energy grasped the youth with unnatural strength. Taking him by both shoulders he gasped, with a hoarse whisper: "I have you now !" Helen, who had gone before to the door, shrieked at the Bight of this sudden assault, and rushed to the gateway. But the old man had fled, and Pinnie lay upon the ground. AB the apparition took wings in the gathering gloom, he left as the only legacy of mystery the exclamation : .' My God, it is not a ghost-not a vision !" and a hollow cough echoed back as he passed into the gloom. (To be continued.) 