HOUSE' OF RITMMON. A STORY OP THE"BDLACK COUNTRY BOUTH STAPPFORDBIILRE. BSi lEA.IE OGWY'NE BE~TrTAY, :" .' Author of Ai"srt Sinoan's Two LEIGAcQ S," era. [.O:APTER XLVI.-(CONTINUED). " ]eziah, I have only one thing to ask you. ]know more about the world than you do, eziah,. If you do not want to be suspected. Keziah, go to some friend. You need not tell Sme whom. If you promise me this one thing, 's~gal go away contented. Contented! No, not that. But tt will be mole endurable, that all I can say." "I-will promise you that, then," said Keziab. And she was movinmg away again. "Not one word of farewell, Keziahb " he Ssaid. "Good-bye," she answered, passing on. -He had almost hoped, when he had so far acceded to her wish, that she would have given adifferent farewell from this cold " good.bye." Bit her manner was such that he dared not ask for more. The Keziah he loved could never be further from him, he felt, than she was this night. She was outside now: but thes, words followed her in a choked whisper, "You will avyou forgive me." "I forgive you,".he said in- a low voice; and disappeared in the darkness. And Etlwothy, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, eand unable to do anything, witched th.earot where her figure had'dis appeared, until his eyea were strained; but f?ulil her he would not-rather, could not. And when at last he had gazed so long that his eves, grown weary, drooped their lids, ho vlowly turned his head and gazed at the. foundry., . L ' 'tNo ma has ever been so wretched as I am," he thought within himself, " so wretched. antd so powerless." And while he thought this, Sthen immsae hammers came down upon the iyq and'flittened' it and crushed it. "Oh!" he sth'oght," if only I could place my head one moment under that hammer, and end it all; it would be so soon over." liHe remained long gazing at the glare, and ezarcely thinking. All was too much in a tumult within him. At last he became conscious that he must go away. If he were not in Leamington in the morning, aeople might ay h he had been with iezish. They should never say that; and he staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. It had ceased snowing some time, and the path was very dark. Snow blackens almost as it falls in the Black Country: and it must be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last he struck his foot against something: it was only a rising footpath, of which there are many in these neighbourhoods, a foot, and even, sometimes a yard, above the road. He stiggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall tng, and the next sensation was that water was ls.0ing over his head. CHAPTER XLVIT.- THE GREATER BARNS. And he said ... " I will pull down my barns, and build greator." Had Keziah waited before her own house a little longer, she would have seen the lights re aipeafr in the two front bedroom ywindows; for Mr. Hackbit, having made an ?fort to go to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found \- himself quite too excited to sleep. "-- it," he iaid'to himself, " I'll have that fool Rimpler up, aud wet our throstles a bit." SNow Mr. Hsckbit was deeper than Rimpler gave him credit for being : though he did let things out sometimes when he was drunk, they never were things that told against himsels. To-night he had driven ]Neziah forth, and so natural had been his demeanour that no one simpected it. The servants knew she had not sothe home, but they thought she must be stay. ing, at her mother's, and of course they know better than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. .nMr. Rimpler, finding Hackbit at home on his return, imagined Keziah to be in the house. He had likewise imagined Hackbit to be isiorant of what had occurred the night before, So when Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, and then thrust his head in, and said. " Get up, Rimpler,'I say: lets have a drink," he merely thought IZackbit had passeed an nopleasant day, and meant to make tip for it; and got up directly, very quickly as IHackbit thought, for he did not know Mr. IRimpler was sitting dressed by the window. ..When Mr. Rimpler had fumbled about the room a little, he lit his candl', completed his toilet as if it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked in the dining.room, uitt found no Mr. lrackbit. He was surprised. He went into the hall and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went thore. "'I say, what are you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candle. "I am going to get some wood to light a fire in the drawing-room ;" ad Jing, with great as sumption of grandeur. " We'll sit in the draw. iag-room, Rimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richer. Why shouldn't I use the best room I've got ?'' " All right," replied IRimpler, amused, "that's your look.out you know. Only I shouldn't have thought you were such a fool as to tell anyone you are rich." "You are not the outside world." ".No; and you're shrewd enouph to know I ehohld know in any case. That's it, isn't it, Htickbit ?" 'A large fire was soon burning in the drawing room, what with the unusual quantity of wood and the bellows which Mr. Ilimpler plied. Hackbit sat down complacently, with two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and .n .say, Rimpler, how should you like to be a partnerl" "Oh, I don't know," replied Rimpler, in. differently. "But I say, Ilimpler, by Jove. we are making money, old Rimmon and I. You think you know everything, but we could sur prise you a bit. Some people save and save and save, and never enjoy their money. I don't mean to be like tha'." And he poured oat a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my father was a collier, I mean to have a place among country gentlemen, - them. lcokesworth Hall is to let, and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, hang it. why shouldn't I hNr. as well ? Ah, Rimpler, though they hate me,- they shall envy me. If old Josh Itimmon ise content to live in that pig-sty, all the better for me. I'll live for the two of us." he took another draught of firandF. "And --- me, lRimpler," he went ou, "" there'e some pleasure in living when qou can?boy alhorse, or what not, that some ' , hl" . by elzcl arranemeo with ILeas SL asaO pehlinlst IOc)QO noble lord would give his head for, just bto cause you've the longest purse. By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one of them chaps wanted it." All this did not arouse the iut reat and sym-., athy in Mr. Itimpl!er which it might have done had he not known about the miesing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a race has been drugged and will break down does not show astounding acuteness in not back' ing the House of Itimmon : and throughout 1 r. lRimpler's life lie had nearly always backed the winner. Ise rather enjoyed the joke of hearing' Huckbit run on, however, and eon couraged him to talk. "Bills of sale are the grandest investments," said Hackbit, " while It can be kept dark; and my experience is," he went on in acunninG tone, "that people who have been sold up have not spirit enough left to go to law with you about t, neither ihave they the cash," and lihe burst into a laugh. '" D. you know, in tho beginning, Ilimmon anted to pay me a salary ? I soon taughthim a lesson. 1've had more than he's had, by Jove. There's a day for every dog, and lot every dos have his ay ." "Yes," Mr. limlnler assented, " let every dog have his day. My day'll come next." And he pretended to sip his brandy. "Don't countyour clhickens before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much the worse for drink. " I don't usually," .retorted Mr. timpler. "Nleitherdo I get' drunk, and so see double when I'm about counting' them, after they're hatched." This was a little bit too refined forIIackbit in his present condition, so he took offence. " Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drunk ?" " Certainly not. LWhy, you've'only had half a-bottle." It was not long before he had the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Rimpler not a little. He sullenlyhhng his head down, and looked lowering. At last he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room. RImpler involuntarily gazed in the same direction. He could see nothing. " What is it ?" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the door. The hand had grown very bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. " What is it?" inquired Rimpler again. " Don't you see those spiders ?" " I can't say I do." " Then you must be drunk, or mad. Look. Rimpler," he said, rising in agitation and trembling all over, "have you ever seen such largo spiders ? You can't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasingeach other in two lines; and they'll come down; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." limpler became more and more alarmed. IIackbt clutched at the tablecloth, and tried to get on the table ; but he could not; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. " Oh," lie cried, shaking till the very floor shook, " the cloth's full of them too. See how they spread their legs and come on. Oh, let me get 'out of here," he screamed frantically. "6The walls are covered with them. Are you a devil that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort t escape from the room, he fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joahua . and David Rimmon both came. at BinRplet's request; and by the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saltring was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock iu the morning, ani with him Dr. Towers.' Ie had brought this rlo:tcr on his own responas. bility, having such great faith in him; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Rimsmon was seated in a chair, looking the picture of misery ; Hackbit was sleelping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers advanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid. and turned and looked about the room, butsaid nothing. " II,:11 get better now," said Mr. P.immon, hotrsely : " ho's gone to sleep. Oh, what a miht we've had;" " IIe'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. " I have seen cases like this before. It'is a possible ending to deliriumn fsimcns. They leep to death. I can donothing for him ; sot had better getback." " Wait abit," said Mr. Saltring. " 1 want you to witness something." Ire was ashy white. He walked towardsthe bed. He laid onehand upon the man who was sleeping his last sleep, and raised the other above isla head, and looked upwards. " I call God to witness," he said, " that I will never sell one drop of any intoxicating liquor again. And I will rid myself of any property I now possess thot is the roeult of the sale of drink." His raised hand fell by his side, and he faced round and looked at the astonished Joshua and owersa. " There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter or carries his bottle home ? The end is the same." lie looked upwards again. "I pray the God of pity to forgive me for the great wrong I have done the human race, for over having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of souls. Reparation there, can be none. The evil is done.' And Mr. Saltriug covered his face with his hands. . Dr. Towers placed his arin round Mr. Salt ring's neck. and said soothingly, " My good friend, God judges us by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin anyone ?" " Remember the provert, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands from his face. " ' Evil is wrought br want of thought as well as waent of heart.' -'his has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within the last twelve months," he said, raising his white face and lookingat the doctor, " case? of spirits have left my shop enough to bring this" -and he indicated with his hand without looking towards the bed-" to I fear to sayhow many? homes. Come, doctor, let us go away. I should like to have seen Kezianh, but I can't face her. If no one hadsold thebrandy, hscouldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk " He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate," said Joshua Rimmon, rousing himself to speak. "That makes no difference," replied Mr. Saltring. "Come, doctor, let us go. But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed had ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Mr. timmon'e look, " He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHAPTEIR XLVIII.-Tox Towens GOES Us ron I is LAkT ExaS ArINArso. It was about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jumrley oemotery ; and in the wvindows of hie house was a notice. " To Let." No one had made any search for Kezihab. She •yse missing, and Elworthy was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. Th. house tf Itimmon was disgraced. Mr. Rimpler bhad been engaged by Mr. Riummon, and was now residing isn his house. The baby was there, too; and Wilsonhad come to nurse him, at Mr. Itimmon's request. The other servants had been disminsed. Mr. Hlack bit had left no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the Last few week Mrs. timmon had aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her intir.u state formed a principal reason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging WVileou. Mr. ,limmon'a hair had grown very grey, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, andhis shoulders stooping. Buot where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former self-yes, a ghost even of her changed solf-entered the gate of The IHollies at -Bowdon. Mooaud had been watching at the window and saw her arproach, and flew to open the door. Kezriah fell into her arms, crying hysterically, '" I have come, Maud, like a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Maud." Maud half carried, half led her into her favourite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own darling, and her own Kizzy. In an incredibly short time refreehment was brought, and the .poor sanderer was fed and warmed. MeIaud, flitting hither and thither, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah had eaten, and was warm, her head drooped upoi her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at her hleadl. WVhere were all the short ceils gone The hair was shorn quite close to her head. And her cheeks, how sunken they were ! Maud had placed her. self so that the head might rist against her, and caressed it tenderly with her white fiugers, and dropped scalding tears uputn it, anui re mained cramped in one position for rnearly two hours rather thian waeS hlr darling. Then Ieziah opened her large atartlddeycs. and said pilendiioly and quickly-" Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I havne nowhere to go to." Then shle recollected hbornlf, and said. "Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hospital again. Oh, Moud," she cried, flinging her arms olsout ter friend's neck, "how glad I am it is true I am here." Maud answered only by her caresses. Then oKeiah drew her head back, and looked into her friend's eyes iuquiringly. "Do you know?" she asked. "have you hoard I" "Dearest Kizvr," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and I( I know, I do not reproach "Reproach me ?" said Kziah, looking ruxzAled. "Well, yes, I did provoke him ; but I atreopentantnow4 Maud; I will go back to himt and bog his forgiveness." Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead ? It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from her conversation. She miguht know nothing.. "1Xizzy," she said, taking the worn. face behotween her hands-the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos-" Kiizy, you will never go back to your husband." Kzi??ah started, not, at the words she had heard, but at the tone. She looked for more, and did not speak. "Kizzt," my own love, you are free; your husband is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. " Oh, that I had been a better wife to him," she cried.- "Oh, that I had been abetter wife to him. It might never have ended so." And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She was weeping because aho believed her friend had. .fallen. ., . "Kizzy,".she siaiJn her ear, "at leidt if you did go awaylwith him, you have left him'how. ' Keziah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. "I-go away with him, Mand! Who dares to say it ? Mlaud only cried, "Thank God! it is not true." "True, Manud:" said Keziah. "'No: I have sunk law, but not so low as that." "Oh, ]fizzy, forgive me for having believed it," said Maud humbly. "But you see it looked so much like it, that you and ho should both disappear." "Hle disappear!" exclaimed " Keziah, effrigbtedly. "Is honotinLeamington then??" "No he has never been heard of since that night. Your brotherJubal came in here and told me all about it." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, " Where is your husband, Maud ?" lie is in London, Kizzy, being examined. We will not talk of him, if you don't mind. And now, Kizzy, had not you better go to bed ? I don't think you should talk any more to. night." ?'ut I must know one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father'ef" 'Yes, and Wilson ie there with it." Abeautiful smile broke over Keziah'a face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, "Then I think I will go to bed. Maud." It must hlave been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Maud and Keziah awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. "Whatever can it bo?" said Maud ; and she fluneg on her dresein g-own and went oat. But theouh she searched the lees all thr eugh, she fo:td nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothling of any kind to account for thie noise. Still the sound had been so loud ated of so startling a character, that neither of them could sleop again; so they kept their light burning and telkeed Keziah related to her friend bow she had wandered along thoroad to Wover. hampton in the night time, and then how a break came, and she could remember nothing untilahe awoke in one of the wards of the Wover hampton Hospitanl ; and she was told she had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out, they had given her theo money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight no alan:hester. Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep galiu;- and Maud remained awake. The sound she had'heard had been exactly like the smashing cf the hall-lamp by something falling upoe it. When daylight came, .she was glad inde :d to end a night of wondering and silence. .SLe was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. ' How early the post is this morning," she thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed and fell. crying, in a suffocating voice, ".My da?trlg's dead, he's dead." Keziab, weak though she was, gained her side, picked up aked read the telegran. Yes, he was deaid. hoaud lost her consciousness ontitely. And whenat last sbh came to herself, it las only to cry, "He is dead! and now he will never learn to love me again." She became so ill that a servant was" despatched. for a doctore-i He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained-rest. And the day wore on, and Kezish and Maud wept in com pany. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars cime. Tom Towers had paseed his examina lion, and had gono to his hotel, and right up to his room, which was aet the top. And by acci lent, it was believed, he had fallen over the barstors from the top to the bottom of that rent building, smaahing the hall lamp by his -all. . Inside was a letter adlressed in his hand. writing to his wife. "head it, Kizzy." she said, "for I cannot."' Kizv' opened it atd. read; with dilated eyes and horror, in her face: "I have passed my examination, Maud, my own,much-loved wife, and shall end it all to night. Shall I tell you why? Ican bear life lo longor. It was I who committed themurder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, perhaps, to have died and never told you. But you night hear of it some way. You would bear it better coming fromn me. The money I have had from you at different:times has been to purchase the silence of a man who saw me commit the deeed. "And now with my last words I beg ycu to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more when I am gone. You will, I know. believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet ii God pardouns me, as I am sure you will. "YOUn He HAevTDno La HlusBADa." Kezish did not ahow this letter to Mud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, due to over'excitement from examination." Maud never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would.have killed her. ~He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked.. CIHAPTER XLIX.-Ju?.r. Isaariurcres .cn, UNcLEt I TIIr?eWeAY Or SOCIETY. In the afternoon of a very dull Stiturday in anuuary, two years after Keziah Itackbht and Maud Towers were made widows, preplrations were-being msale at The Chestiuts at Bowdon for a party which AIr. David Riimmnon was to ive to some of his nephew's friends. Jubal, who now.boests of soeething mose than down on his upner lit,, and has growns broader and handseomer, staceds with his back towards the drawing-room fire, his hands thlnst into his rousera pockets and his-head poised super illboily. David, anxious and nervons, watches hisa cophew's face, as if to learn his content or disoontent in it. "Well, Jubal." he remarked, passing oce hand through his hair, which was growing very scanty now, "does the room look like other people's now ? Do you like it ?" "Well, really,uncle," replied Jubalh breaking into a light laugh and shosinp a shslneg row of teeth, "as I chese all the thngas, it would be praising mysellif I said I liked them." Davidhooked both his thumbs into the arm boles of his waistcoat and looked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, of courne, Jubatl" he said; " but is the furniture properly put m the oom You see I've no other room to compare it with,." "Oh, yes." JTubal allowed," It looks well enough," IHe had got into the way of not expresing much leasure at auythin. '" Arid ceelo, if you don't mind my nmentoning it, pleaps it cmay be as well that you should not ut your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes sfore the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take theso( things for indi eations, you know. And,"ho added, without soloieng the maunner in which poor Davil removed the thumbs in question, "' don't you hink really now that you could mantage to use i's just a little? 1 ahoulde't like to hear tie fllows describo you as ' ioung ltimmon's rule, innocent of h's.' Im sure Medwin aughed when you naked him to come to your 'ouse; ad after all, it's a simple enough matter to say 'house,' and so much hangs on it." 'oor David weas completely in a flutter, amld ail the more likely to show badly before the "fellows" on that account. ' You see. Tubal," he slaid, not at all crossly, "1 never had much schooling; I went to work when I "' And there's anotlher thing," said Jubol, flushing. ". Pray don't refer to the time when you went to work." . .. There was aclmost impatience in the tooe in which David roleplied to this. " It may be an easy matter to you, Jubal. But at my time of lifeit's no tasy matter. ,. have managed to get on and make a little money withouth'a: Ithoughi I am sure I didn't know that I talked any different to other people before." "That's what Ithought," said Jubal, " and for that reason I draw yos attention to it. Dou't imagine that I wish to hurt your feelings." But Julal had hurt hIis uncle's feelings, satd very deelly too: but he, with his native ge~rtlnradinee, which eristed despite his lack of h's, did not turn upon his nephew, with a rude rejoinder, as that young gentleman would certainly have done, could they have oxchtangod dplaces. Neither did he wound Jubal's feelings by telling him of tho wound he had inflicted, thereby provinig himself the true gentleman ; for are not all thie rules of society founded upon this b:isls, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelings of others ? " I don't mind altering anything,'"-said David, " if I am able to do it, and it's for your welfare." "I thought' you'd fake it likoe that," returned Jubal. " You're an awfully good fellow." If Jubal imagined that this salvo would heal thoewound he had inflicted, he was mistakoen. He had robbed his uncle of contidence, and given him nmistrlistof himself in place of it. Ho had called his uncle a bear, and thought that patting him on the head, and saying, " Good fellow,"'as he might have done to a dog; would quite make up for it. He might have re membered that even a dog who hasc'been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the pats upon the sore places given Fiim in token, of reconciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded, Jubal'thought he would continue the lesson which had been so well received, having no .penetration into the real state of his uncle's feeliga s; althose wlo do not lovoecarcely eoft have. "And you know, uncle,"' he' wn'nt oin, " gentlemen don'tsay' Sir' to one another. In fact, there's little necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a name at all, you from your position might rise the surnamo alone, as soon as you know them a little; otherwise you can say' Mr. So-and-So,' bufnever' Sir.' 1 "Well, that is strange," said David. " I was brought up to think ' S:r' the right thing." "Nevgr mind what your bringing up was," returned Jubal. "I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to them." " Is there any necessity at all for that i" said David. " W\'hy should there be looking down or looking up hi' "That's lust what it is," Jubalh replied. " There's always looking down and looking p. And so you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You musn't remember anything except triatyon're a manufacturer and a rich man; and these fellows may be swells and all that, but I can tell you, between ourselves, they often don't know which way to turn for money ; so you've no need to let them look down on you. And. now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll pnt you into your suit, so that you may have time to got used to it a bit." This suit was of a pattern such as -David had never had on before. But, as Jubalbhad told his uncle, he dressed altogether out of his: position. " Yes, I 1 put the suit on if you like, Jubal. I'm afraid it wVon't look very'well on rhe. And onu didn't. tell ins what these round tables are fir, Jibal." " Oh, never mind about that," replied his nephew. "' Cone and have yourcloulhos on." As they pa -.d ,ut at the door, Ditvid. looked back rutefully at his mruetamorphosed @rawing room. It w?o very pretty, with its. rose-' coloured curtainsa and futrsiture,.pale-carpet,' ard strange cibinete. lIut' Diavil's drawing. room was gone. IHe could never take aSinday afternoon nap on rl ht couch. It made him tremnible even to think of it.' In fact, he couldn't use the room for ianythinig aiy more; Every thing was gone tlhat hi wanted, and everythlig there was useelss to him; and there was a great deal of disapphintment in. his mind iwhen he looked at the spot formerly occupied by lAn old fa'hicued bureau which would open out, and on which lie wrote his letters, and in the drawer of whicrh lie kept his camomile flowe:s, from whiich he made herb tea, as he called it. It who hard to see this spot occupied by a perfectly useless thing with glass in front, through which'could lie seen a number of very ugly curiosities. However it had been inevitible; as the new suit proved to be. " There, uncle, you'll look something like, now," said young itimmon, standing at a little distance for the purpose of judging the effect of' this new tailoring achievement. " . "It doden't feel very comf rrtabls," David' remalked, ruefully. *'It's too tightargtnd the waist.' I must undo this button.'" O n' "Obh. no; youS musnatn't do aniythin'off the sort. That would spoil the effect i.ntirely;' You'll soon get used to it. And, you iee'when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your. thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." " It's very hot alnd uncomfortable up here," said David, feeling turwards his cheat. "':It' seems too thick somehow." " If it's hot all the better this cold weather. They always put a bit of padding in there: it makes the coat sit well. You'll get to like it." "But, really, I can assure you, Inbal." said his uncle, its some concero. " I can't wear these shoes. They hurt me. I'm sure they're tiwo sizes too small." "You didn't say so in the shop. Besides, it's all rubbish,. If people have beenused to wearing froata on.their feet, they're sure to' fancy their feat are confined too closely in a. pair of ordinary shoes." "'But why can't I put on the pair of sli.ppers that Kizzc worked for me?" pleaded David.' " Oh, irf ou'ro going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. "I'll try toget used to them,'" said David.' "Perhap?, if I walk 'about in them, they'll, get easier." And he made the attempt. ".Oh.l-h.," cried. Jubal, aghast. "You mustn't limit about like that. The fellows'll roar." "Perhaps they'll get easier just now," said poor David, "nisr ele I shall really be obliged to take them off." "Oh, bless yoSt, you'll get used to it, uncle. Everybody's boots hurt them, only ,they pro. tend they don't. I'm sure mine do: andyou see, you've always the advantage of elng ahblo to put on selom big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent. . H was ruminating. If society made such demands as these, it must surely have seom big return to give. David could not exsctly.see any return, but then that was his ignorance. Taking advantage of the silence, Jubal went on talking. " I'm'glad that the waiter has arrived in good time. I shall go in and give him some directions: And mind you don' t treathim as if he's a str guper, and had in for the evening. You must order him about well, you know. And you mustn't say 'please' to .him, nor Sthank you ;' people never do that is aociety." Poor D vid felt himself ir a labyrinth of sew formalities and ideas.. He knew lis' troubls were not over. Children are to be pitied some. times when. under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards learnin~g: ?hut how much more the old pupil who takes 'bhis firat lessons at the tyrannical and mercies's school of oociCty. CHAPTER L.--Jcna?aL's FnerIE--' As eight o'clock approached, the' lhell r~ng, and David trembled. He had beeni told by. Jubitl'tliet he tust recoive the guiestas, and:he inwardly'wished that the earth waould- receive him. But the earth is' not kiidly:ii?this respect: rind though for indefinitbe bonturies she has bcon frequently called upon to perforto this office, abo has but rarely been kinown to i.e. cede to the denmard, and in these few'cases the result has probably not produced all the satias. faction desired. The waiter aunouneedl the Ronourable Pil ham' Winterfold and ?Ir. Allan 'Denloigh.' David nervously shook hands, and alunk' into the back.groeud, while the now arrivals ex changed greeting. of a freer kind with the nephe, whom they clled "IRimmon." They apleared to have dined, aid were iu strikinugly high spir:ts. S"nug little place yoen have here," remarketd Winterfold, addreseing David, who started violeitly, and mutteredsomething inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assentod Mr. Denleigh, throwing himself unceremoniously upon one of the new satii chairs, iand shaking out a highly asented handkerchief before applying it to the prominent feature of his face. ' Are weve to pllay high or low tonight ?" is.' quired Winterfo:ld, backing towards the fire, adt rmslniing stationary in front of it. " As tar as:Iam concernied," said Msr. Den leigh, is a high treble, "hatlf-crowns are all the rieces I an worth. Played out, you know, last night. Awful bad luck. WVe were all at Springwood's. Doeuced hot time of it. Spring.' wood Pjsre woet everything." "He's a trille fo sharp," replied W'interfold. " But, you sco, one must be willing ti pay a little for one's pleasures; and his daughters are deucedly fine girls." " Winterfoll's going to induce the youngest to marry him an id leave the stage," said Deu leigh, winking at Jubal. " he'd make a chai- rminhg 'm lady.' some day." " Thanks,' "sid 'interfold, without moving asy featurde'xcepthis upperlip, which curled slightly. " Marrying's not in nty line. Desides, I don'tconsider~tat bIiss Juliot or lher sisters would 'be much good In electioclnerirg, arnd everythilrg delpeids on a man's wife if he has a 'Parliameitaryv cireer before hlim; doesn't it, Idr. lRimmoni ?" he said, altpealing to David. David was so muchl aghast at what be had heard, that he could niot stammer out a word of rasply., le lad not understood the conver. sation in the least; but he was under the im precaion that all was not right. 'Io he pre tended not to hear when Wintetfold addressed 'hin, and examined a picture on the wall, as if he had never seen it before. S" You'd do a lot in PI'rliament," remarked J"ubal; " you need to have a wife who .would do something. Aind I don't think Bliss Juliet can do anything, unless it's dancing: ; she can't act at all and as for singing-well, I can't think what Spriugwood's dreaming about, to put in so many songs for her." " Well, you sou," Winterfold rejoined, " the British theatre-goer has not a very good ear for music, and she always gels applauded. But whatever be her merits, she's not for me, oven if I wished it. She's already the secret pro. perty of a certain judge who often dines at my father's table, and preaches morality to my young brothers and sisters." Atother iing at the bell. " Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Itichmrond Scratch" were aumounced,: Another ordeal for David ensued. lie went through it better this time, howaver, as he thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Spriugwood, lihe remarked with cordiality? ". Why, I know someone of your name. Mr. Spring wood . I wonder if it was a relation of yours." "Very likely, indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. " I've a' great many about," At which there was a loud laugh, for which .David saw no reason. Where did the people lire that you inew ?" went on Mr. Spring. wood, with the. utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as close to him as he con veniently could, his head peorched on one side, taking it all in. "In Staffordshire.," said David, " the Spriogwoods lived I knew. They were butty colliers, and wokedl in the Troworth tmines." " In that case," broke in Denleigh, " I can answer for it they were no relatives of this Springwood, whols most highly connected in every way, I can assure you ;" upon which there was another loud laugh, in whch every body joined except Springwood, who apl paored rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship. " Don'tlook back, Springwood," said Winter fold, aggravatingly, "or else you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that tihe admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowing him in private." " If I couldn't writ any boetter than that,' said MIr, Scratch, indignantly, " I shouldn't have been sa successful as I have been." " Ah, to be sure," chimed in Denleigh, "you write paragraphs for the 'oliwc .f'es now, don't you i" " I(1 did," replied Scratch, hotly, "it might be possible that you wonull figure in ono of them." " Oh ho," brokofrom the rest of them. Mr. hheriduu Spriugwood hail received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface; for hehad never yet played Othello, though he was. most - ambitious to do so, and had a 'arekuy notion that he might have made this desire of hi, public afler taking a little too much brandy. lie looked upon himself as a epirit in chtoais, for he was at present playing ItllI BIeard in his father's theatre, where nothing heyrud low burlesque was everet. temaipted. Plavid felt sorry for him, tlhough he did not in this least comlcr:'heid the sitnation. " Are you, fond of ae:ilg, sir r' asked Mr. Rtimmoni, forgetting his part. " am ohligad to be, whether I am or not," replied the actor. " It is any profese. sion." " Oh, indeed !" said Mr. Riminmo, looking at him with a new interest. " I was not aware of that." And hestared at him, thinking with in' himself that an actor looked uncomionly like aen ordinary man. " I don't know what we'vegot to amuse you, gentlemen." went on David. " We might get up a charade, as you are fond of actingtr." A great roar of laughter followed this bold sug geetion, in which iall joined' except Jaibal, who looked very angry, and remarked that they were not infants in urn's, any of them, and that they r wouhld have a rub'er of whist as soon as the other fellows shnould arrive. They did arrive befdre lie had done sneaking : nndwere ahnoiseced : " Mr. Rufus LHarris; -Mr. IIanson, and'Mr. lfedwitu. "'- . ' After 'a hurried touch of, handsathe gentle then placed themselves round two of the tableh, and David saw now what they were for. Packs of .cards "l-gen to be shunf)ed;.. At the table nearcet to David, Winterfold; Denleigh; Sprinig woodsdnd Scratch 'were seated; at the other, the'rest'of the'party. The wai'er came in with glgses aun bottles, misch to Divid's astonishmneit; s?aid feelitg hiitself fjuitelike iRa'h bt of water, he made his -escape tlhrough the open door. that he might he able to breathe a' ttle. Returnmtg to -the room in the course of half ane hour, hle foundit in a slate of. uproar. A shirp alterca tion wase going on between Winterfold and the cnmedin, is whion a glass had beet knocked off thd'tal luanin smnahed, at which Mr. Scratch abstractedly ai:necd sin enipty, bottle." David could lihardly 'believeo' his ebyes. He was "still more startled when he observed Mr. D)anleigh gathering: up hilf-crowns and pocketing them with a delighted smile. ' ":They must be gambling,"' thought David. ButJubal assured him this was not the'case'; that each man would be givent back all his half cnraws at tlis end,.when the larty; broke 'up, whi.e,'stateaient was received with a burst of applause ' b: the company, and which poor. Davie tbok in. " ':T)avid lidn't.eabole, and the drawing-room wae gettiig'really stifling' by inueis of the fumes of 'eight cigars 'dud he was literally. compelled to abseut htlmIelf. This he 'itd rather unwillingly:, for he was. in' fact, any. thing but eassy at the course th.ngs seemed- to he taking. Not knowing what else to do with himse:lf, he went into his dninng-room, where an elribiate supfor was laid. adt' he dreaded the menment wheu he should have to sit iatthe head of it. 'The noise in the drawing.room itlerense~.' He heard a crash, wh:ch he afterwards 'd:ecovergd to be caused by the fall of some of the'glass pendants' from the chaudeliers,' at whiih'M'r. Scratch:had alined another bottle. tRandaom throwing.was always a feature in his for,, of. drinkenness. David thought he would quite as aoon enter a lion's detn as go back into, the drawing-room. le' wailed for them. to breakt loose upon him in the dining- room, wlen.th"vy, should choose to have suppi.r,,which they did soon after 1'. The drawing-room doer was flung open, and; the party came out quite steadily, to David's great asurpri.'e; they did nut alipear to he very drunk. "'ubal' placed 'Wintirfold 'at dii'ird'e right hand., The reat took' thdir seaits as they' liked, and with an air of being perfctlyjr at home.' eNo journal'll get' any paragraph' from you, Scratch," remarked H:isson,'who was sittinga next to him~.! You'va not. bee looking out for anvthin., you. kaow." . f . t? o.;k vd;": replied" Mr. Scratch, trying to fir his dye alipon the sealker, hut failing in the attempt, for thait nrgan.would:wander all about .tlie room indefinitely, and his month.was atretched into a.str,ntgeamile, :hough he was in anything.but a good humour.- . ' It'sa mystery hoe he lives at all," said sedivin, 'who was uponr the' other 'aide of lanson.- " Hie's always sending in wrong in formation.'' .'.That's quite true,!';admitted.lMr.' Scratch. ".You'see, when there's no. information, what's oite to.do ' ' • David heard this, and asked in some snxietty, " Am I to undlerstand; Mr. Scratch, that you invent thinu a toasend as news to the papers F' " \Yll,; ou -see, I muht live," was the reply. SDavid forgot to go oncsearving for a moment. He was. thinking within himself that .this 'accounted. for statemens.in the papers gettmig contradicted the next day. At last David went on with his work and with a t~aliant effot entered into conversation with Wiinterfold, who was helping himself; to the wine rather freely, as' indeed most of the coispany seemed tio'be doing. withoutoeremony. "'Mynteshow tells 'me..yvou are at Cam bridge," h tbegIan (his nearly said '" sir.") '-Well,'n.o replied WinteOrfold, w ith an ap proach to a grin. 'I was there;" " Ah," sitad Daiid, "it's: the vacation now, isn't it) 'Vheu willybu be returnitgh" - .This qsestion was greeted with laughter, especially by Denligh, who explained tb David .that Wiaterfold was'" dow'-" for a year. " Down ?" eaid,Davidi interrogatively. . "!That ia.he's not to go back to Cambridge for a year.".' "'Oh,'," said David, "'I.understasid you. Yiour health gave way, I nulIpIsee, air ?" "? "Well, 'no," replied W\iuserfold, who cer tainly did lidok isn protrv. od health. "I was sent down. Had a diffeience with the tutor, you know.". "-Yes," chimed in Dinleigh, "and it was an awful shame, for he would have boen sure to l)ave comn out Senior WVrangler if he had sarned up." David, out of politenesse, felt obliged to. con. tinue the conuversation. "It .must be.,very pleassant at Cambridge. I pnssed through it I o.ca. on- my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very solemn." " You've tv.oer seen a degree day, have you, Mr. timonin?' broke i Detlelgh, tossing off a glees of wine as he spioke', ._ . . ' uDavil ronfeesed tsut.hs had not. - " Very.solemti,'" aaid Winterfold, 'try. :1I got entt down because I smiled at one.,.You'ra uot all wed to smile in the Senate House. And= yst it's nutiuult not to d'o ~o hen Tou're so full of'pleasure at the aight of so much greatunes. The Public Orstor tnakes a speech in Latin." "th'hcier diflicult to follow, isn't it?" asked Mr. lhimmon. "Oh, no, 'n'ot at all," aseorted Winterfold. " We're examined in it after." "I don't quite understand," said David. "Thi is' it," put in Denlaigt, wnkinig at IVinterfoll. "They think it well -in the universities to trait spontaneous memory, and one of the roenns is to reproduce the Public Orator's speeclh." "And when have you to do this ? Soon after. wards f" asked david. "The followiuk Sunday." answered Winter. fold. ",Just before the sermon at the 'Varsity Church." "I didn't know they had anything of that sortin churches," David remarked, esnsiorably astonished. "But I should like to know how they give the degrees." •'Well, the .ico.Caucellor, you know, he sits at one end." "Does he 'it waiting for them to corns n to?" inquired David, trying to get details. " Oh, no. IHe has to march three times round the town first, in gorgeous robes, preceded by two big fellows with. silver pokers, and masks on: and then they walk all the way up the Senate House, when it's full, 'to have better effect; after which the Vice-Chatrellor site down,' as I told you."' "Is anybody allowed to gd in ?" asked David. _ q 1 "Oh, yes. And itts p~otty full, I can tell you. " ' ' " "I suppose you cheer your friends when they take their degree,' 'David observed. ' SWinfold shook his head. "Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in the Senate House." " It's very stran e," replied David, " but I've somewhere got hold of another impression about that." " Misinformed," said Denloigh, " misin formed." " lihe best lurk is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. "Those fellows who are going to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as any. body else. They quite patronise the Vices Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applaud, but, you see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Little. go to go in for," went on the speaker, with con siderable warmth; "they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't he sip taking their degree quite so soon. A lot of 'em came and dines at our college, at the high table, wheret used to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." " What do they talk about, now?" saidDavid, addressino the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. "They did nothing but pay each other compliments. I know one was trying not to get out of temper with another.-something about the weight of the world.. One said it weighed a quarter of an ounce more than the other; and that's how it was, I think." '". Really," said David, " I had no idea that gentlemen went to universities to amuse them. selvee-trelly I hadn't." The thre' undergraduates laughed on hear ing this. "Look here, Mr. Ilimamon," said IHarris, with preat solemnity, !'I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor gut wind of s, and the. slavey let him into the house. Yoru've no idra what nwful slavoys those lodging-house ones are. Thrre ought to be a university regulation to make them wash themselves; ou'd any so if you could see erte. IWell when I heard the proctor coming up stairs-=" " What is a proctor F" asked David. " Oh. a kind of univore'ty policeman," re plied Harris. " I just locked the door, and let those two swarm down a rope I've got; into the street, and there they were, you know; and I made out there was somethiug the matter with the lock, until they had gone e'en eloff, down the ropeatanyrate. When the prootor came in, he sw only mo and my re'atituglamp ,and my books. He was quite amazed when I asked him if anything were the matter -" qito politely, you. may be sure. He said h err. tainly thought he heard an .uptosr comitii, from this very writdow. .1 suggestedt the. rooms oppodite as.ths seat of ths disturbance, and complained of the difficulty of working' while there was such a row." "That was a very narrow esdape,', said David. "'" I hope it was a lesson to yqu all." "Oh." i dmnrk'ed . Silieitig'wod,-" derisively,' "I don't esll that anythingof a situation."` " You try it, that's iji,'" e:id lDeuleigh, hotly. . . He'll try a rope in another' position," saggested Scratch, who was getting r.ther farI g.ti", anedlieupped conasider,hlv. ' I'm not going to yive you, the ipleasure of writing that paragraphi," re'orted Springwod. " You, had: better learn toi nlke use oFf'those you larve. Oh,".lie said, turning to l.tnason, " twish I hbad half that fellow's lchtnces. fHI's always kping them. tnly he o Iher day he was sent epecially to report on the health'af ai certain niember of Parliament wlho had been lyina'st. tle point of death;. and while he was waiting for latest details, .ielhantcd if hs'didn't go and get drunik', and whben'the details were ilven him. he cooldn't under-t.ad a word of it, and there ana nothing' in the paper next morning about it.' " But there was a jolly row," Scratch allowed., " I wnader th-v had. nny more to do with you on the paper," observed MeUwin, who Asid very little, but generally managed to mnke thtat little offensive.' " They knew whom to value," said Scratch, lah?lriously. " It's more than you seem to." S" I tell vonuanother thing Scratch did," re marked Hanson. '"Young Rimmon doesn't know it,. I think. -He went to a great tem perance meeting, where Lord Winterfold was presiding.' 'Ah," said Winterfold, . appreciatively, " my dad's awful ont the teetotal tquestion." '" ou haven'ithnbited much of his spirit, at any tate," put in Juheal, laughing. 1 prefer.to imrbibe spirit of another sort," replied:Winberfold. 'This was pretty c.Ydent from hie action at this mnment. Th.5 gentleman. atqut whon the story was to be told.hegan a devil's tat'oo on the table wish two g!arses, to drown the voice of the tiarrtsttr. \- Mr. i tusgn only raised his voice, and. was perfectly audible; while M'dwiin, who was his supporter in allihinge, tcok the glasses fiom" Scratch'is i'ttid, and flung the n qatie ly under the tiblsi, for which he was applauded. " .ea?Scrath went, to this meetinag:where ir?rd W. idtrfoldw-asi prresidin ; sent on psur poaebtorepoi4hitlepeech, anti he lategetdxf,lie'" didn't go driunk toi thi' meeting said fall asleep in the middle. of it, and just hal of the speech was r.,ported:in the palier next d ty, and the e,?,i?ap iteo had to make something.up.to'round "It.wasn't the compoitor," exclaimed the indigiamnt Scratch,. ,ts ho rouldta it off." Stlhatsqlte iimaterial tu the sator3 ," said tedwiwn. " Someltodyhad to round it off, at any rate, whether it was the comiotitor or the devil." ' " ' "And yet he wasn't turned off thoe piaper," said Hanson.' " Here you heluld him flourish' ing like'a gt'een bay'tree. You eruldu't take hlm to be a poet, now, to look at hiw,Or went on his tormentor . . The 'whole dcmpany agreed that they cer tainly should not. - " Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, that got published in the. ' Kangaroo,'.that he got his poeition. He was onIly a peuny-a-lieer iefore then, and now he can take what he likes." .' . . . Scratch sugngestedithat he should like to take some cherry brardy, and forthwith he helped himself, after which he turned very affection ately to SrigwoJ, aidannored his isnten rni rf dying if' Juliet did not"return his affecti'n. She cares no more for ine," said joieurnalist; "thn if I were nobody," which was probably the truth. )David began to 'a alarmed at the piospoct o some private revelation. .None followed, how. ever.' ButScriatch fervently promised Spring wood that he would write the beet notic, ' imaginable about the nea' burleasque then coming on. " Look here, old fellow,'' he said, " you shall write aomn' what you want me to say, and 1Ill put it in form." So Springwood and Scratch shook hands, and Scratch invited himself to lunich at Spring' wood's the following Monday, Where he would catcnh : ghlimpse of Miss Juliet before she went to rehearsal. ' ' ' . . '' tHere,'; iWithout ay' prelude, Mr. Denleigh I isunounced in song his inteition of not gonleg homs' till morning. All the company, except Disvid. juoined him in' this, nd a great noise eitsued. It was about3 o'clock in the.nmornig when a loodl of light shut across the path from The Chestnute. snd beven rollicking figures turned out, still insisting that they were not going home till morning. Most of them had not far ito go fortnately, But Springco'd' and Scrat?c'hait t,.get' ntOn'tfe hetart of Manchester I somehow. Ai a matter of fact they didn't pet h'me at all that niegt, owitng td. Mhir. ScratcL's. sitting do'syi on a stona-in the high road, and reft.e ng to stir, declaring in sepulchral tones that this w.as the headstone of the grave of his fallen genius. As for Jubal,' he was stretched st full length under the diningroom table, untlll his uncle and the waiter carried him upstairs; the tormer, wretched atd dazed, not in the least knowing i whata~ntion to take, and repenting as bitterly * Sthat he had adoptedJuba .' CIIAPTEw Lt.-T?'?e s DN.roEnv S. About two 'miles.outside lonwdon was ai drearv tretch of .o-land, productive clhinely of thbl~sl.. A wridali brook interdeoted this pieeu of waste, and pollard willows of gaunt and Weird propo'tions flourished onl 'ItA banlks. No other trees were to he seen, with tlie exception of three solitary straight poplars that stood sentinel' over a bed of olcers. The land wee put to no sort of use, and had a man-and-God forsaken aspect rarely to be met with, but not easily tole forgotten. No e ovwsgrazed there, no cottagers made use of the deserted place to run pigs or ducks out, no Iirds ever eemnted to be singing in thei immediate neighbourhood; not even a donkey b;rowsed lthere, though his favourite herb was most ahbndnnt. A narrow footpath lay right across it by the rids of the brook, and finally crossed the brook by a little bridge, with a rail on one ride only. 'he path was not much worn, as there was a more dtreet road than across these fields to almost any. where it could lead to. At one season of year it nearly always became flooded. The people who owned this land 'lived in an old-fashioned great house, situate in a valley about half a mile distant from it. The reader might conclude either that there was no aqaster I to this establishment, or that he wagl hbMpad. Neither was the case. 'Colonel 'Denleigh scarcely ever left the house, which everyone else in it devoutly wished heconlil leave. They led but a dreary life, except whetn the colonel's nephew and a chance friend cnme home from Cambridge. Mrs. Denleigh, a tell lady, with rmuch to boast of in the way of eneasters, and an indescribable air of niver for a moment for getting that she used to be young and good looking, invited such sclinty as could be got together, considering that her husband was a confirmed invalid, and a thought too likely to uarrel, and that shie was encumbered with a rather plain daughter, who, if slle did not know that she was plain, had the lesson pretty well, drummed into her in her daily contact with herworthy parents. It will he imagined that Winterfold's odvent was aperfct godsend. "For who knows," said Mrs. Denleigh to her husband, when lie was in a rather better temper than usilal, which was not saying much," but what he may marryAmelia off our'hands I do thiink there's nothing so disagreeable andirritating to see a girl meta. morphosed into an old maid under one's very eyes. "None of the other follows that have come here have married her," retorted her husband, anapebhly. "Everybody isn't such a born fool as I was." Mrs. Denleigh was so accustomed to this kind of remark that she went on without noticing it. " It's of no use to take Amelia to dinner parties and to balls. She doesn't show there. She shines in a domestic light. Therefore if we wish to marry her, we must bring young men to stay in the house and see what she is.' "If she shines in a domestic light," said the irritable father, " it's more than her mother does." This conversation, with slight variations, took place at least once or twics in every vaca tion, when Alian proposed to bring a friend home. Onil Sunday morning following the party at The Chesnuts the colonel, with the aid of the I lie butler and one or two more servants, had 1 been landed in the breakfast parlour, and was unsgrily looking out on a dre icy stretch of lawn, and a partially frozen f ithje'ind at the bottom of it. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed him. It was the one drawback to Sun day, in his opinion. For this reason it was but peevishly that he replied to the greeting of \Yinterfold, who eutered the rooman as faded. looking as any painted- beauity appears at her breakfast- tanbe after a nicht's revel. "Morning," gruntedl the cbolonel. " Think'we shall have any skatiun?" asked Witnterfhlcd, rubbing his bloodshot eyes with a silk handkerchief. " How can. I tell '" replied the colonel.n "The weather's nothinicto do with me. I wish they'd ibring that lreakfast .in. Where's Allan aa ". Here, uncle," said that genlleman, entering the room as wa-had-onot as his compasoion. "Do you want nle'for anything ?" ' "' Where's Amelia ?" " Hang it all, ancle, what's up with you this morning t" The colonel made no reply, but contifiliedjto scowl through the.window. . " When Anmelia came in;, and nodded to.her nousin and his com?sultin. and kissed the colonel's forehead. she enated herself at the sable to dlisp-use the broskfast, which had hoen brought in on her entrance. Prhbaps she was a tittle plain, but she looked very pleasant, I which was a credit to her in 6techl . place. "Are you going to help me sicl to the table or not?" said the colonel to his nephew. " Why, cert inly, sir-" replied the individiu'l. " But ,voul i, ,t ask in a dilTeroat manner." Aucd.iQ'ustteril oe oone side, and Danleigh on the other, escorted the bristling culonel to his cccu-tomed aseat. Conversation was not readily made, as the two young geintleni'cu had headacli-e; the rlder gentleruin, a general ache all over. jproduced by combine.] rhounistiian and gout, a hich, in fact, t had crijppled hits. As for Acmelia she never talked nrcli-- plwrherlps becauso her elders had seat her the exantile of talkinga great deal more than they should hacve done. She did,' how ever, ask it-her cousirl and Mr. \Wintetfold were Rging to clhurh with her. 'We itciy sO well go," said Dailos;h to his comannion, riah r than in answer to his cousin. " We ,nay see thoie girls." '" Phat girls? ' iutb iicEd the colonel. " Well, to tell you the truth, we don't know," raplied Allan, ' hunt we know where they live, and I wish allunt would call oil their folks." '" What are thJ' lIke?" thocelonelproceeded 1 to ask, ihtb a show of interest. "Ttather tiltioult to describe," said his nrphe -. " They are both tall. Bit I think the tark oeis the prettiest. She's more piquant, ct any rate." The colonel,. who was always desirous to add tonhis acquaintiane any gotd.looking wmenu, mentally resolved thathis wife houit, call apon" them, whoever they were, anid invite them to his next t dil.ner, if they could he got to come. But he remarked aloud, not being able to ex. press this to his wife at the moment, that he did wish Mrs. Denleigh' would leave off that habit of having breakfast in bed, and, come down. aaao y ot her lady would. Before brvakfast.wuao tnished. Mrs. Douleigh did arrive, but dre std for chutrch. ".Look here, aunt,"' began Allan at once, " I'll show 'you those young .ladies I spoke ol to-day. 'They are sure to be 'at "church, and uncle wants you' i'call on them." "'\Vhich I shall not i s until fI ci find out who they are,".raid the proud lady, with a haughty and disdlainful look .it her husband. "If army gentlemen are conteit .t si ake in. discrunisiote acquaintances, they cun scarcely exalct their a-vea to folio , suit." That morniilg afterchurch Decleigh nmanaged to geat the Itector's wife to introduitc tihe ladles in itestion to hisaiunt. After a few cunicheon' plaie remarks, thie aIndies passed on, ai'hiMrs. Denleigh asked the Iector's wife who they SThey at e two widows who.live tcgether," eas theueply.- ' Very quiet, and keep a great deal to themselves; 1 have heard. My hu binud has been iunsistling that Ishou!d get them out." " But do you umean to tell me, '" said Mrs. Decnleigh, "'that that one with ithe short black curls is a widow ? She doesn't look out of her teens." '-She is a widow. and has a litlle hoey. I have seen hun out with his nurse. linut sho is ver- groai.traincd, and ill hardly lot ou lookI at ihe child," ' . ..... A few minutes later, as they were walking along ite ra., hlordleriueg oi the wbbta.land we have stoken of, W"steriuld descried two black tiguroes moving leisurely iloug at the alde cf the brook. He indictecd the fact to I is friend; aRnid oshen once the haies of their own party 1had turned roundl thie ctier which led lot their ownl grounds, Wisnterfold andl Denleigh made a simultamous iu lh towards the little bridge that led nero?s the brook into the waste land. and thoen walked leisurely enough to-ward. toe two black advancing figures. " etY must take eff our hute, hecause, yousee, we have bten iutrduced," toid Wliterfold " We've no need to wait for them." They nwere quite close to the ladies now, and off went the bobt. The two girls bowed slightly and gravely, anti passed ou, talkiung togeuher. The yoisung mesl were now uncertain what to do. "We ocay as well go on to the high road," sasd Denleigh. *" rhey re ubauntd to cmse baeck this way, unleass they go by the high mal; for that way leads inoahere ex. ept to our holusa or else followingthem. Deuce cheek, whichever itisn." Aind as the slranUger lased liy them, they greeted him with a haughty stare, which he returnid with one equally haughty. If we may tiust a native p:mler at Bombay, the l(indoo. nose-ring is dosesud. 'A .mceting ef members of ithe Cutcheeo Vees ' Owal snsto hiid bsun hald n. .Mtlhdvie Duunder, whin it was resohred that hlereafter their womdei should aier'ca : oflw?r:in thei hoiie, insicad .of the customary no-esring. It was stased that the wearing cf nose-rlings h led so tu s imi-ch uu. favourable comment," acd it was further.re :solved tlhat if ally wOlman were in future to wear a n4.e-rilg, she would Ihe " lIlabl td.a flue of IOrd'Ila. anIius, in aiddstion to forafiture of the orurnmesnte." 