By JAMES McGOVAN. The man who figures in the following sketch deserved to rise in his profession; but he didn't. No ; like thousands more; he had his genius or ingenuity nipped in the bud at the very offset. When I say that he deserved to rise, I mean that his first appearance in Edinburgh showed a portentous quickness in making the most of a mistake and an accidental resem blance of features. The affair caused us \- much amusement at the time; but it may1 lose a good deal of that on paper. Though the man's real name was Terrerice: Ma'.one,' he never after, till' we saw the last of him, got anything but " Mc Sweeny's Ghostand nothing could \- irritate or annoy my chum more than to say, "I say, McSweeny, there's your ghost." As I was the primary cause of the mistake, I must begin with myself. I was coming up the High-street one dark night in October, very tired and footsore, when I saw McSweeny, as I thought, hurry past me at the outer edge of the pavement. I turned at once, for I had. some important 'directions to give him for, next day, ■ and shouted out sharply— ' ' . " McSweeny!" The man paused, and just as he turned to face me, my hand was on his shoulder. " Where are you going to ?" Tasked. The man had the same peculiarities of dress'in which McSweeny prided himseif so much, was about the same height, and had the same red hair and whiskers, the same pimply nose and sharp twinkling eyes, and for the moment. I. had not the ' slightest doubt of his identity. " Going," he echoed, with a strong brogue and a puzzled stare; " I am not going anywhere." I started at the sound of his voice, and peered closer into his face through the darkness." . ' "Are you not McSweeny?" I asked, not sure but he might be trying one of his detective tricks of disguise on mo. " Turn your face to the light." The man wonderingly obeyed, and then : my mistake dawned on me. " I beg: your pardon," I hastily re turned, feeling a little foolish; "I thought you were McSweeny, the detective." • "No, I'm. not,", he answered; "but per haps I'm a^"good a man'." " You know him then ?" I .added curi ously. • "Ay, an' you too," he answered gruffly; and then he turned off, and I saw him no ■ more. . In the brief glance at his face I had dis covered two things: first, that his face bore the universal brand stamped by crime—the Cain's mark, which enables a' professional ferret to. pick out his "bairns" under any guise; and, second, that he was a new-comer—a stranger, who had never been through our hands. But in spite of these hastily-gleaned-facts, the [ curious circumstance rapidly faded from my mind. I certainly mentioned it to no one at the time—people seldom do when they blunder; and other matters in a day or two completely hid it from my remembrance. Not long after this meeting, a curious succession of odd circumstances occurred, and not only puzzled me, but wiser ones , as well. The first, I think, was in a broker's shop in the Cowgate. I dropped . in one night, in passing, and asked for a look at his purchase book. He looked sur prised, though he placed the book in my hands, and remarked— " Why, McSweeny was in just a min ute ago, the boy says, and he said there was nothing in it—nothing but the old Watch you see marked there, and he took that away with him to compare at the office." "What I" The word came out vith an involuntary burst, arid I stared at the man in a way that made him open his eyes. " Took it away with him to compare," faintly repeated the man ; "I suppose it's all right ?" I wasn't quite sure of that, though, of course, .. I ; took care not to say so. It seemed.very strange to me how Mc Sweeny, whom I had seen start for Burn tisland on business only three hours be fore could have got back so soon, and been (fin the broker's half an-hour before me. However, allowing for some slight 'Jisrepancies of time, it was just possible that lie might have managed it; so I said nothing, and forgot all about it till two days after. It happened that McSweeny and X were coming down the stait at the office together,.when he, for some pur pose of his own, asked the loan of my watch. I handed it over, but at the same time remembered-the broker's story. " Ah, Jamie !" he said at last, with a grin, " I tould ye what your hard, work, an' your readin' at nights, an' your scrib blin' at ' experiences,' and ' memoirs,' an' so on, would bring ye to. Begorra! ycr moind's touched at last. Ye'll be in an asylum soon; an' when I coine'out to see ye, ye'll be tellm'' me I'm your great grandmother, an' that's my head's all bald on the top, like your own. Jamie, Jamie! take the first'bus for Morningside an' my blessing go wid ye." " But I'm not joking at all," I per sisted, when I had the laugh out, " I'm serious. I went in about seven, and he said you had got it half-an-hour before." " Half-an-hour before ? How could I be in the Cowgate and at Burntisland as well 1" lie reasoned,' a little impatiently. " If ye're daft entirely, ye needn't make me the same. I don't want to go to Morningside along wid you. I couldn't cut myself in two, could I ? " " No, but the broker said it was you." " Well, he was wrong then ; for if he saw anything like me, it must have been my ghost." " Your ghost ?" I laughingly re turned,-—" a ' red-headed ghost, with whiskers like bunches of broom. That would be something new in the ghost liiie —ha, ha, ha ! " "Ay, laugh away," he grinned in reply, turning down the close to leave ; " there's only one M'Sweeny in the detective line, an* ye won't see his ghost till he's dead and berrit."' " Don't be too sure of that," I banter ingly returned. He favoured me with one of his expres sive winks. •'You an* the other boys have often tried to bother me wid yer jokes; but Jamie, ye never failed worse than ye did now," and with this rather equivocal re tort he was gone. _ Of course, by this time I had laid it down in my own mind that the broker, not M'Sweeny, had made the mistake,, and resolvedkto correct it on the ■ first op portunity. Chance, however, kept me away from that quarter for a day or two, and at the end of that short time thecom plications changed from the comical to the serious. * ♦ % A lady from the West End appeared, in her own carriage, and bringing her ; footman as a witness, and inquired for the Lieutenant of Police, stating that as she came to report a singular and daring rob bery that had been committed at her residence the night before; by one of our detective staff—"an Irishman named M'Sweeny." As I was considered an in terested party, and M'Sweeny happened to be absent afc.that moment, !• was called in to listen to her story, which was as follows:— •About half-past seven o'clock the night before, her footman—a soft-headed young man, of that romantic kind'who haunt the detectives under impression that they are superior beings, different from or dinary mortals—had been proceeding quietly along Maitland-street towards the residence of his employer, when he saw before him a man going- in the same direction, and'peering sharply at the num bers of the houses ; and fancying that he recognised him as a casual acquaint ance, lie touched him on the shoulder. " Hullo, Mr. M'Sweeny, what are you doing here?" he asked, with much rever ence, taking/the "detective's" hand and shaking it warmly. "Business.'.'. —• - — - " Ah, yes ! always at it," glowingly re plied the romantic young footman—" al ways hunting for those desperate crimin als. What a life you must have of it. Adventure—danger—perils—ah, how I wish I were you ! But you don't seem to recognise me. Do you not remember ; me being introduced to you last week, and having a glass of beer with you in Rose-street ?" "Ha! no, I have forgotten that," said M'Sweeny's Ghost, speaking with per fect truth. "Bedad! an' I've forgotten your name, too." I " Mr. Wanklyn," said the footman, to |refresh his memory.' " Yis, Wanklyn—that's it," said |M'Sweeny's Ghost, with awakening fer Ivour. - "An' ye're in service hero, I 's'pose ?" . " Well, yes, I may. say I am ; at least there's an old lady here who has the hon our of employing me," said the footman with dignity. " Ha, ha, ha I Mr. Wanklyn, that's a moighty good joke of yours," laughed the Ghost, clapping him familiarly on the back. ««An' what might be the number of your house now ?" " This is it we are just coming to—No. —was the eager reply. " Were you looking for a particular number ? Re member, Mr. M'Sweeny, if I can be of assistance to you in your professional capacity, I shall feel honoured to render it." " The very number!" exclaimed the other, bringing his hands together with an energetic slap. " And the name of your mistress ?—I beg your pardon, I mane the lady who honours ye by payin* ye yer wages?" " Mrs. Jaffray," excitedly responded the footman. " Oh! is it_ possible ! is there a case in counection with us 1" '• The same!" eagerly cried M'Sweeny's Ghost. •' The house,' the number, and the lady ! Well, Mr. Wanklyn, I must see your mistress. It's a case> of importance, and you can put the thing more gently to ■her by introducing me— ye see ?" "Certainly, certainly. Oh, Mr. Mc Sweeny, if it's not asking too much, be fore we go in perhaps you might tell me what is the matter ? Is it robbers—fero cious burglars—meditating a descent upon our plate ?" " Yes, it's robbers—or rather one-rob ber," '.returned the other after a moment's thought. " Some one thinks to victimise v ye, but we will bo beforehand with him- 1 oh, yes, I rather think we will 1" and he < nudged the young man in the side m < facetious dabs, every one of which was j thought a special honour. " Ye're right, Mr. Wanklyn, impres sively put in the other, with a cunning, twinkle in his eye. " Between us two, < we'll do something that'll make people ] open their eyes. As a fellow-detective, • might I ask ye if your house is well < guarded ? I mane the -windows, shutters, I an' dures." ■ A fellow detective 1 The words almost took Mr. Wanklyn's breath away. He 1 managed, however, to sober down the pleased flush on his face to a look of great gravity and importance as he said in reply— . , " Mr. M'Sweeny, I regret to say _ that the fastenings are anything but satisfac tory. Perhaps, after your interview with my employer, y.ou would do us the hon our of inspecting them yourself ?" «« The very thing I mane to do : that]s my business here, or part of it, emphati cally returned M'Sweeny's Ghost. '.' A*?' Mr. Wanklyn, what a head ye have ! It ■ goes right into, the heart of the thing. If we'd only a few men like you on our staff, the world would very soon be astonished;" and he worked the footman's hand in pump-handle fashion so< fervently that the other began to think he was in heaven. ■ . , , , The world was to be astonished—by him, Wanklyn I His head rose in the air, and he let himself in at the front door with the air of a lord who had already three estates rolling at his feet. _M Swee ny's Ghost wa9 shown into the library to await the appearance of the lady, and during the slight interval he took pos session of a pair of gold spectacles, two ornamental silver cups, and a number of other articles of value that could go con veniently into his' pocket. As soon as Mrs. Taffray appeared, he assumed an off hand, professional air, that at once allayed her alarm. . , " It's nothing, ma'am," he said— " nothing to be alarmed at. I only want to go over your house and look at the shutter and dure fastenings. It'll soon get the wind that M'Sweeny has been here, and then the thieves will not trouble ^As the lady had already been primed by the footman with a glowing account of "M'Sweeny, the detective's," fame and skill; she made no demur to the very moderate request; and Mr. Wanklyn was at once deputed to the task of show ing him over the various rooms—a task which he performed with much enthu siasm, but no great watchfulness. Dur ing the inspection, M'Sweeny's Ghost managed to get rid of him more than once on various pretexts ; and by the time it was over, every pocket in the Irishman s clothes must have been stuffed to over flowing. Resisting every offer on the part of Mr. Wanklyn to stay and partake of a refresh ment, or to report himself once more to the lady, the clever thief got out of the house and was seen no more. No sus picion was excited that night: but next forenoon the lady's spectacles were missed from the library: a search ,was instituted; and then, to their horror, the daring rob-, bery was laid bare.^ ^ The result was now before us in the persons of the lady and Mr. Wanklyn himself, who, combined, had given us these details, and now stood waiting our decis ion, looking both excited and aggrieved. I ventured no remark, though, puzzling as the various circumstances were, my thoughts were beginning to turn very de cidedly in one direction. The Inspector looked grave, and touched the bell at his elbow, which was instantly answered. "Has M'Sweeny come in yet ?" " Yes; sir." ^ " Send him in." " Yes, sir and the policeman touched his forelock and disappeared, and in a moment was replaced by my chum, who came in, smiling and rubbing his hands, which were blue with cold. ( " This lady wishes to speak to you, said the Inspector, retiring behind his books without another word. M'Sweeny smiled his sweetest into the lady's face—it was certainly a compli ment for an elderly bachelor like him to be inquired after by a lady. . " I'm glad to see ye, ma'am, he re marked, quite simply, seeing that she only stared in his face without a word. " Cowld weather we've had lately. • "He is certainly very like him," said the lady at last addressing the Inspector. " Are there not two brothers of them on the staff?" " Noand the faintest trace of a smile lit the Inspector's face. " No, madam, there is but one'M'Sweeny." The compliment appeared to: please M'Sweeny, for he rose at least two inches in the air. "Then it must be he, said the lady, conclusively. . " Av coorse it's me, ma'am; and, I m at your sarvice," said M'Sweeny, with a delighted bow. , But he received no responsive smile: on the contrary, the lady favoured him with a haughty stare that nearly froze the blood in his veins. # ■ - " John," she said, turning sharply on Mr. Wanklyn, " is this the man ? Do you recognise him as M'Sweeny—the thief ?" 1 C Recognise him 1" echoed the footman, " certainly I do.''; , " M'Sweeny—the—the—thief ? slowly echoed M!Sweeny, staggering back, and fixing his piercing glance on the astonished Mr. Wanklyn. " Did you say—I—I was athafe?" ., , , " Most certainly I did; you know you are," confidently returned the footman. " You know you are the robber. Oh I murder, murder 1 Help, help I" M'Sweeny had sprung forward and seized the nose of Mr. Wanklyn in his iron grasp, and pulled and tugged it about in great swinging wrenches, as if it had been a lump of indiarubber. " I'm a thafe, am I!"—shouted M'Sweeny, keeping hold of the nose, and delivering a tremendous kick on the foot nan's coat-tails. " I'm a mane robber, mi I ? Take that, ye thafe of the world, m' that I an' that! an' that I" and with svery word he kicked, and tugged, and lulled, in spite of every remonstrance, :ill I thought the yells of the footman tvould have taken the roof off. As for ;he lady, she only dropped into the near est chair, violently jerking her lower ex tremities, and giving vent to a succes sion of tiny screams, * which were quite lost in the general din, preparatory to going off in a real faint. Finding words useless, I seized Mr. Wanklyn by the shoulders and tried to drag him away; but no—still McSweeny stuck to the nose, and still the busy foot kept plying at the coat-tails. " Apologise, ye double-faced villain !" breathlessly shouted McSweeny. "Say ■ I'm not a thafe ! say it, or ye'll never have a nose to blow again 1" "You're not a thief," faintly came from the wriggling remains of the starched foot man. . , "Say I'm a noble-hearted Irishman, and the best detective in the world I" shouted McSweeney, his demands rising with the, occasion, and making another dreadful tug at Wanklyn's nose. " Noble-hearted Irishman !—best de tective that ever breathed 1" screamed the footman; and then, with a conitemp tuous jerk, he was tossed back against the horrified mistress. " There J The blood of the McSweenys was up,.and.'I don't think you'll say -it again, so I forgive yez both," breathlessly gasped McSweeny; then turning to the inspector he made his lowest bow. "I beg your pardon, sir," he added ! but I was, only asserting the dignity of the police. I suppose I may go now ?" " Not yet," was the grave reply ; " I' am not sure, indeed, but I may be com pelled to place yoil under arrest. I am sorry ■ do it, considering your character and the number.of years you have been in the force; but the public must be sat isfied,, and I have no doubt that the matter will be speedily cleared up." McSweeny staggered now in earnest,, white to the roots of the haij,, and withV something like tears in his eyii^ms lie ] fixed them reproachfully on the'ra^ect- .. or's face. " What!" he groaned out. "Is it-pos sible, sir, that you believe I am guilty ?" 'I I do not," was the frank rejoinder, which drew very decided expressions of disgust from both the lady and tlifh crest fallen footman; but the affair is myste rious. I beg your pardon, Mr. McGovan, did you wish to speak?" I did wish to speak, but what I said was in a low tone, and addressed to the inspector's ear alone. I had remembered my mistake, in Hi^h-street with Mc Sweeny's Ghost, and that, coupled with some- strange occurrences which had come in my way not an hour before, made me positive that I had not only a clue to the mystery, but a good chance of obtain ing the stolen property as well. It took ■ some time to make my case clear; but I was thoroughly in earnest and succeeded in the end. After some minutes' thought the inspector turned to our. visitors. " You may go," he said,' with a polite bow. " Good care will be taken that the real thief does not escape ; and Mr. Mc Govan assures ine that there is every reason to hope for the recovery of the stolen property, which is almost saying that it is in our hands." The door was promptly opened, and as the look of the Inspector allowed of no delay, the lady and her footman retired, each bestowing on McSweeny a "wither-,, iug glance, accompanied by a turning up^ of the nose that must have given them a crick in the neck. I had now a great responsibility weigh ing upon me—to clear M'Sweeny, and secure his double, as well as to save the plunder from the melting-pot; and look ing at the case uas I have given it, some may think the task by no means an easy one. _ Yet, though there was always the possibility of failure, I did not anticipate much trouble. I knew the appearance of the man I was insearch of. I knew in a vague way the locality about which he had been seen; and, better still, I knew the identical " fence" he. was likely to consult in the disposal of his newly-ac quired wealth; and I believe, but for one curious circumstance, I might have had the whole—the thief, the reset, and the plunder—in the office in the space of an hour at most. But alasl such things are continually cropping up in cases of crime. There is no guage to the greed of a successful robber—no stay to his | brazen impudence. With the possession of wealth his spirits—his courage—rise ; he ventures a still more audacious feat as a last trick of the card, and—gets his wings clipped. .While I was on the hunt, theor-.and every moment getting.nearer my, quarry,'] two men where chuckling over their suc cess in a dark "ken" in Hay's Close. These two were McSweeay's Ghost— Terrence Malone—and the " fence," to whom he had transferred all his'valuables for a certain amount of coin—a Glasgow celebrity, • named " The Crocus." Now, Terrence having made a hit and expect ing trouble to follow, had all the money in, his pocket, all his.luggage (his clothes) on his back, and a clear road before him for other quarters. He intended to leave the city, and might have done so, but for a brilliant suggestion of. " Crocus." . " What would ye say to stripping! :Mcbweeny's house before he gets home! to dinner ?" he said, in the midst ofioneJ of their merry bursts. " It would beVMM of the best jokes ever., heard of. his sister you're McSweeny's cousin, something; then strip the house. I'll! fence the swag and give ye full value ; an<y then ye can hook it away, just the same. (It wouldn't take yo half-an-hour." ^ "I'll'do it I" said Malone, jumping at the idea. " And if that doesn't take the bounce out of them, I don't know what will. The priggs of the United Kingdom should join and give a medal if I man aged thatand then they laughed till the place echoed again. Reader, you have seen moths playing around a candle? Well, it was just as if one moth had said to the other, " Come along and let us have some more fun round this beautiful light." Whether my moths were destined to be burnt or not, will very quickly appear. McSwceny's Ghost, instead of slipping quietly out of the city, turned down by St. Mary's Wynd, and soon reached McSwccziy's stair in the Pleasance. He paused as he reached the door, and list ened intently. Though quick in decision he was still anything but rash ; and he knew too well that time was wearing on to wards McSweeny's dinner-hour,and hehad no wish to thrust his nose into the lion's den, with a Hon at home. A savoury smell came wafting through the chinks of the door that made him lick his lips involuntarily, and brought forcibly to his mind the fact that he himself had not yet dined. , '1I am just in time," he muttered with a sigh of satisfaction, as he detected no sound.but that of a woman flitting to and fro. " It'll make the joke all the better if I eat his dinner as well." He gave a bold, sounding knock, and the door was opened by McSwcenyls sis ter. " How are ye, Honor ?" he said, \vith an impudent grin, offering her his hand. She stared in his face in amazement. "Shure, I'm well," she answered at last. " But I don't know you 1" " That's no wonder," he coolly re turned, taking her hand and shaking it in a patronising way—no wonder, at all, seem' ye never set your eyes on me before. Sure, I'm your cousin, Terry." "My! Well, that's strange." she said, with the utmost simplicity; "I never heard you before. Come in—come in ; iny brother Barney 'ill be in in twenty minutes or so ; but I never heard ■ him spake of ye." "I've just seen him up at the office, and lie sent iriehere," was the unblushing reply. " He scarcely knew me either. Ye see, Honor, I'm come all the way from Americy, an' I want to see all my friends an' spend any money among them afore' I go back again." " Well, now that I look at ye, Cousin Terry, you're as like Barney as two peas," returned Honor, with her faint doubts all gone. "I'm.afraid, though, you'll think us mane, for there's not a drop in the house to set afore ye, and there's nobody I can send." "Never mind, Honor," replied the thief, producing his purse with the air of a lord ; " ye shan't spend any money on me while I'm wid ye. See, there's half a crown : run down yourself to that shop —that shop in Canongate that I used to hear tell on that keeps good whisky—and get a bottle foment Barney coming home." " The Canongate ?" wonderingly echoed Honor; sure, that's a long,way, and he'll be in afore I get back." " Never mind that, it'll be the greater a surprise for him," hurriedly implied the imposter, in a fever of impatience to get rid of her. « Never mind dressing, just run as ye are; it won't take ye two min utes." • "Two minutes !" echoed Honor. $l I don't . know how ye run in Americy, Cousin lerry, but here it takes five min utes to go down to that shop, and the same to come back, and its considered quick walking too." "Ah, well I I've no doubt ye'll be back as soon as I want ye," added the thief, with a grin. "There, don't mind me: I'll make myself comfortable till ye come." And he planted himself by the fire, in McSweeny's chair, as naturally as if he had been a fixture there for years, while she tugged on her bonnet and hurried out with a bottle under her shawl, leaving the outer door slightly ajar. , The moment her flying footsteps had died away, the thief sprang up, and, with nimble fingers and a swiftness and skill that could only have resulted from long practice, ransacked every corner, box, and drawer in the house. He was pretty successful on the whole; and though he had at first intended to take only money,, and valuables, he was induced to change his mind, and soon made up a very de cent-sized bundle. ' This he laid down while he pocketed the more portable money and valuables, chuckling particu larly over one prize, which he thought might prove a complete mine of wealth in future swindles—a little staff of pol ished ebony, surmounted with a silver crown—McSweeny's badge of authority, which he had that day, by mischance, left at home in the pockets of one of his waiscoats. All this accomplished, he was about to lift the bundle and decamp, when by some unluckly chance, his eye fell on the dinner in front of the fire—a nice little bit of meat roasting, with a bladder pud ding underneath. . " It would be a sin to lave that," he said, dropping the bundle; and in a twinkling he, had it on the table and dished in a primitive way, with knife and fork and other accessories, which he picked up as best as he could* Not a moment had been lost; for the meat had become a polished bone, and half of the pudding was already gone, when, happening to take a breath and raise his eyes, he saw in the open doora figure.that made him jump to his feet as if he had been shot. ; M'Sweeny, meditating on the griefs and cares of the day, had softly ascended the i stair, entered by. the open door, and J reached the kitchen, only to be staggered —completely taken aback—by beholding, | seated at his table and devouring his t dinnner, a living representation of him | self 1 For a moment the two men stared at each other in blank amazement and ! silence, and certainly it would have j puzzled a philosopher to de cide which 'was the more petrified or alarmed. McSweeny's alarm and aston ishment, of course, arose from the fact that he had never seen his ghost before ; and the other might well look petrified ion being taken so suddenly down in the zenith of his success. The imposter, as might be expected, j was the first to find his tongue; and his ' words, for the moment, sent McSweeny's brain reeling. : " Well ?" shouted the thief, putting on a ferocious look to cover his brazen im i pudence. " What the d—1 do you want in my house?" 'Your house?' faintly returned Mc Sweeny. ' " It's surely not your house. I think it's my house.1 _ ' Do you ? ' Then the quicker you change your mind the better. Out ye go —quick !' and the thief brought the end of his. fork down with an imperative thump to enforce his command. But it happened that at this_ moment McSweeny's eye caught the disordered state of the house, as well as the great bundle lying at the man's feet ready to lift, and he woke as from a dream to the peal state of affairs.. ^ ' Why, ye owdacious rogue! Ye infer nal petrifaction of a thafe!' he burst forth. 'Is it possible that ye've been try ing to rob me ?' . ' Rob you ?' snpered the other, with amazing coolness. ' More likely you've come to rob me. Get out, or I'll take ye up. I'm McSweeny, the detective.' 1 Ye're what ?' cried McSweeny, start ing back. ' Ye blasted red-haired sinner, this is my house ; and I mean to take ye up, though I should never collar another I and, with a spring, he was after him, and after a brief struggle, managed to hand cuff one of the thief s wrists to his own. Then, lbcking the door of the house, he got down the street with the prisoner, and at onco made, for the office. But the imposter was, not done yet. Scarcely had they reached the head of Drummond-street, when a policcman -a new hand and rather simple—hove in si flit, and was instantly hailed by Mc Sweeny's Ghost, who at the same moment produced a handcuff key from his pocket —part of the booty—and began unlock ing his link of the bracelets. 'Here you,' he cried, sharply and authoritatively, ' take this man to the office, while I go and look after the plun McSweeny stared, utterly dumbfounded by this new move, but recovered his voice when he saw the handcuff being snapped on.the wrist of the policemain. " Stop ! stop ! Secure this man 1 he shouted, making a grasp at the imposter. He's the thief. Ye great omadawn! dont you know me ?—I'm McSweeny, the de tective I" . I The policeman stared helplessly from j one to the other, not sure which to be i lieve. _ i .j. [ 'I've heard of McSweeny, but I dont know him yet by sight,' he said with ! hesitation, and in a moment the imposter took him up. . 'Ye've heard of McSweeny! he said, with a look of delight; ' sure, that's me ; and now ye'U know me again. Take that man away, I command you in the Queen s name !' and with a great flourish he whipped McSweeny's little ebony staff of authority from his pocket and held it be fore the policeman's eyes. ' If ye can't believe me, ye can believe that. Refuse at your own peril.' . _ McSweony's eyes opened to their wild est, his grasp relaxed as he staggered ! back, and his mouth opened and jerked convulsively; but not one word could he force out. . I The imposter smiled, and touched his own brow significantly with his finger to the policeman as he turned away. I «I see you guess the truth,* he coolly remarked : " he is mad—mad as a March hare. Take him away; but see that lie does not escape, for he is a most daring thief.' . . At this moment—that is. just as these words were being uttered—it happened that I, having so far succeeded in my mission as to secure the reset and the I plunder, and to trace the thief to Mc i Sweeny's house, came sharply up Drum mond-street, and instantly sighted the | crowd gathered, round McSweeny and his Ghost. I hustled through at once, I and the moment McSweeny's eyes lighted i on my face, he uttered a shout of delight that might have been heard down at the I Tron Kirk. , . " Jamie, Jamie 1" he cried, in a des pairing burst, again grasping at the mi poster, "tell me which of us is McSweetiy —tell me quick ! for I begin to think I'm mad, an' have forgotten who I am 1" McSweeny's face would have been a fortune on the stage, for it always looked most comical when he was most solemnly 1 in earnest; and as these words fell on my ear I laughed long and heartily. The ! whole position flashed upon me at a glance but as I had not forgotten his remarks about Morningside, I determined to have ! at least one dig at him in return. Pulling a loug face, I appeared to scan the' two faces long and earnestly, and then laid my hand on the arm of the imposter—and kept it there. "This is McSweeny,'M gravely an swered ; and then, in the sternest tones I could assume, I added to McSweeny: << As for you, you are a vile imposter, called Terrence Malone. I have already secured your fence, 'The Crocus.''' _ Here the arm of the imposter trembled in my grasp. " The swag has all gone up to the office, and he along with it; and now I find you—you, the thief—here, mad, insane—-actually believing that you are my chum, McSweeny. I think the best thing we could do,1 1 added, ^addressing the impostor, ' would be to hail the first 'bus for Morningside and take him out there. What do you think ?' But the imposter did not seem to have any thoughts on the matter. He cowered and shrank, and altogether seemed to give it up for a bad job, which after a moment McSweeny was quick enough to notice, along with, perhaps, a slight twin kle of mischief in my eye. I got a big punch in the side from my chum's dis engaged hand, as he discovered the trick and burst into a laugh, and then I set him free, and we took the other to the office and relieved him of the plunder. " The Crocus'! was already there, with all Mrs. Jaffray's effects but the gold rim of her spectacles, which were never re covered; and shortly after, the precious pair went to prison for three years a-piece. The old watch of the broker, and - a num ber of other stolen articles, were found among the plunder and duly returned to their owners; but it was years ere we heard the last of McSweeny and his Ghost. 