IN JEST. On a morning in the early spring of last year two men stood leaiing against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the covernmeut offic s. The taller of the two-he who was at home in the roomn was a slim, well-dressed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in the middle, and a diamond pin in the sailor knotof his tie. His frock coat was open and his thumbs were stuck in the armholes of his waistcoat. The attitude denoted com placency, and the man was compla !ent. " Well, the funny part of it is," he las saying lightly, his shoulders pressed against the mantelpiece, " that I am din ing at the Burton Smiths this even ing." " Ah I" his companion answered, look ing up at him with eyes of envy. "And so you will gaze n her?" "Of course." \- ' Lucky dog !" - ''She is to come to them to-day. But they do not know about our engagement yet, and as hlie does tot want to blurt it out the moment she arrives-so for this evening it will be a secret. I thought I would tell you, though." He stepped away as lie spoke to straighten a rid morocco-covered dis patch box standing on the table behind him. It bore, besides the flaunting gilt capitals " 1.0.," a modest plate with the name " Ernest Wibberley "-his name. The other waited until he resumed his place.and then he answered,holdingout his hand: "' Yes, I am glad you told me, old boy. I conutratulate you most heartily." "Thank you, Jack. I knew you would. I rather feel myself that 'fate cannot harm me. 1 have dined to dayv.' " " IIappy fellow!" returned Jack, and presently disappeared. The Burton Smiths whom we have heard them mention are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smi.ih is a barrister with money and many relations -Irish landlords. Scotch members, In dian.judges, and the like, His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Their drawing rooms on the topmost flat ,of Onslow MIansions-rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners-are -eldomn empty during the re?ulation hours. This particular dinner party l:ad been planned with sorile care. "Lady Linlcre will come, no doubt." MIrs. Burton Smith had said one day at lenlkfast, conninu, a list she held in her hand, " and Mr. l[ay." But Burton Smith stongly objected to May - " lIe will talk of nothing but India." lie protested, ': and the superiority of Calcutt% over London. A little of thesa' Bombay ducks goes a long way, lmy dear." W" ell, James." Mrs. Burton Smith replied-the IIon. Vereker -May is a son of Loin d Hawthorn--" lie will take ate in elnd I do not mind. Only I must have Mr Wihberley on the other side to make conversation and keep mue alive. Let me see-that will b:i three. And Joanna Burton-she conies that afternoon-four. Do you I noiw, James, when we were at Temple Rothley for Christmas I thought there was something between your cousin and MIr Wibberley 1" "No !' "Yes." "'1 lien for goodness' sake do not let them sit together." "Why not?" "Because they will chat to each other and to no one else." " Very well," Mirs. Smith assented. " They shall sit opposite each other, and Mlr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galan tine. She will be sure to flirt wi'ith him, and we can watch Joan's face. I shall coon see if there is anything between them then, of course." " tVry clever plan, my dear." Mr. Wibberloy was a young man of some imnportance, if only in his capacity of private secretary to a minister. ie Laid a tlhooluaid acquaintahces anti cer •ainly two friends- perhaps three'. He might be something some day. He dr.ssed well, looked well, and talked well. He was a trifle conceited; but. women like that in young men, and he had an infinite tact. At anlyrate he had never yet found himself in a place too straight for him. This evening as he dressed for dinner he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well wi h him. He was going to a house where he would be appreciated. Mrs. Burton Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, someone else. "Lady Linacre," said his hostess as she introduced him to a stout personmge with white hair, a double chin, and dia monds. Wibberley bowed profoundly over the dowager's hand. " Mr. May you have met before," con tinued his hostess, "alcd you know Miss Burton, too, do you not 1" He murmured assent, while Joanna shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile, perhaps. He played his part well, too, for a nmoment, but halted in his sentence as it flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said yes. He re covered from his momentary embarrass ment, however, and offered his arm to Mrs. Galantine. She was an old friend of his-as friends go in society. He had taken her in to dinner, that is, two or three times. " Who is that girl ?" she asked, when they were seated, and she raised her glasses and stared at her vis-a-vis. "I declare she would be pretty if her nose were uct so short." He seized the excuse to put up his glass, too, and take a look. " It is rather short," ha admii?ed, gas ing with a whimsical sense of ownership at the deficient organ. "But some people like short noses, don'"; you know ?" " And theatres in August, and draw ing room games and conundrums! ut seriously, she would be pretty if it wiere not for that." "Would she ?' "Well, I think she would, do you know ?" And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, her nose too small, and her lips too full. Her eyes were bright, her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper. She had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of nineteen. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms, because her own did not form one of her attractive points. Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet lie had would fit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether lie should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. But Mrs. Galantine returned to the charge fresh as a rose. "She is a cousin, is she not ?' she said, speaking so loud that Joanna lool ed across and smiled. "I have never met her before. Tell me all about her, please." "Tell her all about her!" Wibber:ey gasped; He saw a diffic'lty in obeying, as the general conversation was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. He cast an appalled glance round the table, then he bent to his task. " Mrs. Galantine," he murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray-pray be ware of becoming a-a potato !" Mrs. Galantine dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. " How horrid! A potato. Mr. Wib berley? What do you mean ?" "What I say." " Now, how could-I became a potato ?'" "You see my plate ? It is a picture. Yoiu have there the manly beef and the feminine peas, so tender, so young ! And the potato is the crnfidant-it is insipid. Do ayo agree with meT' "Bravo, Mr. Wibhrrley ! But am 1 to apply the parable ?" she asked, glanc ing sharply across the table with her fork uplifted and a pea upon it. " I am to be the potato ?' " The choice is with you," he replied. Mrs.. Burton Smith, seeing hims so ab sorbed in his companion, grew: puzzled. Look as often as she might at Joanina,she saw no sign of je" lousy or self-conscious ness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be enjoying herself to the full, and to be as much interested as any one at table. MIr.. Burton Smith saw clearly that there was nothinng between the two. But Wibb rley's success with Mrs. Galantile had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew iest ,les. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Vereker May had reached that period of the even ing when India was accustomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing each othier fell to debating on a subject of which the returned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secretary had read more and thought not at all. They were therefore about on a par .ns to information, and what the younger nman lacked in obstinacy he made up iby readiness. It was in vain the na bob blustered, asserted, contradicted finally grew sulky,, silent, stertorons. Wibberley pushed his triumlph, and soon, as we shill see, paid for it dearly. It so lhappened that he was the last to enter the diawing-room. The evening was chilly. The ladies had gathered round the fire, protected from assault by a couple of gipsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The incomers passed one by one through these outworks-all but Wibber cley. He cast a despairing glance at Joanna, who was by the fireplace in the heart of the citadel; and then, resigning himself to separation, he took a low chair by one of the tables and began to turn over the books thereon. He scanned them all, and then his eyes fell on a bracelet lying by them on the olive green plush- a sketchy gold bracelet with one big boss-Joanna's. He looked at the rest of the party with a stealthy glance. None of them faced his way. They were discussing a photo grph of children on the over-mantel. He stretched his hand outsoftly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pat I ern,and to-morrowJoanna should ransom it. He tried to catch her eye, as his fingers closed on it. He wanted to see her face change and her color rise. It would have added to the faint charm in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been privy to it, yet unable to prevent it. But she would not look, and he was obliged to'be content with his plunder. He slid tihe trinket deftly under the fringe of the table and clasped it on his arm. He had a keen sense of the ridicu lous, and he would not for all thle world that anyone besides Joanna should know of the act; that doddering old fossil of a May, for instance, who, however, was safe enough-standing on the hearth- rug with his back turned and lIis slow mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then Wibberley began to find the party dull. He saw small chance of a private word wiih Joanna. Lady Lin acre, his nearest neighbor. was prosing on to Mrs. Burton° Siiith, hi. next nearest. And he himself, after shining at dinner, had fallen into the back ground. Hang it, he would go. It was ten o'clock. He rose, and was stooping across the table murmuring his excuse" to his hostess, when Lady Linacre uttered an exclamation. He was leaning between her head and the lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had touched her head dress. "Pray pardon me, Lady. Linacre!" he cried, gaily. ".T am just going-I have to leave early-so the encroach ment will be but for a moment." " It is not that," the old lady replied. "But oh ! where is my bracelet ?" She was feeling about the table as she spoke, lifting with her white, podgy hands the few volames that rayon it. No one on the instant, however, seemed to take iun the situation. Mrs. Burton Smith had risen and was 'istening to Wibberley. The others were talking. I:dy Lin?are was used to attention; and when she spoke again her -voice was shrill and almost indecently loud. " Where is my bracelet!" she repeated. "The one with the Agra diamond I was showing you, SIrs. Burton Smith. It was here a moment ago, and it is gone !" Wibberley was still speaking to his hostess. He heard the old lady's words, but did net clearly apply them. He finished his leave-taking almost at his leisure, and only as he turned recol lected-himself and said with polite solici. tude: "What is it, Lady Lincere ? Have you dropped something?" IHe stooped as he sprke, and she drew her skirts aside, and both p, ered at the floor.. while those sittintr ieal.asked : "What is it, Lady L:nacre 1 What have you lost ?" "My Agra diamond !" she replied fussily, her head quivering, her fingers groping about her silk floune.-,. "No !" said someone in surprise. " Yes," she returned dismally. " Why, it was here a moment ago. I saw it in your hand." The oldlady held out her wrists. " See for yourselves. I have not got it," she said, feebly. " But are you sure it is not in your lap?" asked Burton Smith. Lady Linacre had an ample lap. By this.time the attention of the whole party had been drawn to the loss, and one or two of the.most prudent looked m:comfortable. "No : I am sure I laid it on the table by my side. I . was go:ng to put it on when the gentleman came in, and-it is gone !" She was quite clear about it, and looked mildly at Wibberly for confirma tion. The table was between them. She thought he must have seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton Smith being the only person close to the table. Burton Smith saw the look. "I say, Wibberly," appealing to him half in fun, half in earnest," you have not hidden it for a joke, old fellow ?" " I ? Certainly not." To this dar Ernest Wibberly wonders when he first made the discovery of what he had done-that he had .takrn the wrong bracelet. It was not early-it was not until the owner had twice proclaimed her loss that lie felt himself redden.and awoke to the consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arm. He might have said at once, " By Jove ! T slipped it on my wrist in pure absence of mind," but such excuses to avail must be made at once, and lie hesitated. Then each moment made the avowal more difficult and less possille, until his host asked him if he had hidden it for a joke, and he had answercd with well feigned sur prise : " I? Certainly not." Afewof the guests were peeringstupidly about as if they expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently their hostess stayed these explorations. "Wait a moment! I have it !" she cried, raising her head. "Well ?" from several. "John must have found it when he brought in the tea. Ring the bell, James, do. and we will ask him." So it was done. John camne in and the question was put to hiu,. "Yes, sir," he answered, readily; "I saw a bracelet on this table by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin acre. "Did you move it?" ''Move it, sir?" the man repeated, surprised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to himn. "No, sir, certainly not. I saw it when I was handing the tea to-to MIr. Wibber ley, I tlhink it was," "ALh, well, that is all. You may go," answered his master. It was not possible to doubt the man's face and manner. But when he had- left the room an uncomfoitable silence ensued. "'It is very strange," said Burton Smith, looking from one to thIe other, and thengroping iunder tlhe table. "It is very strange," Wibberly mur mured. He felt bound to say something. He fancied the others, and particularly :May, were casting special looks at him. He felt as if he were each instant betraying himself by his changing color. .' It cost," quavered LIdy L;nacre, ir relevantly but by no means impertinently -"it cost fourteen thousand out there. Indeed it did; and that was b:f;re it was set. A hush fell upon the room. "Fourteen thousand pounds !" Bur'on Smith exclaimed. "No, no, not pounds, rupees," the old lady hastily added. "I orderstand," he replied, rubbing his head. " But that is a good sum." "It is over a tlhousand pounds," said the Indian civilian, stntly. " But good gracious, James !" said Mlrs. Burton Smith, impatiently, "' why are you valuing Lady Linacre's jewellery instead of finding it for her ? It was on th :s table fifteen minutes ago. Where is it now ?" "If anyone is doing this for a joke," began her husband. '" I hope-" "' For a joks !" cried the hostess. "I say, my d.ar," he persisted, " if anvune is doing this for a joke I hope lie will own up. It hlas gone far cnough." There :was a chorus of assent, lhalf in dlignant, half exculpatory. But no one owned to the joke or produc d the brace let. "YWell, well, I never!" Mrs. Barton Smith exclaimedl. And as the company looked at each other ic seeimed as if they also had never knowni nythiig quite so extraordinary. " Really, Lady Linacre, I think it mnust be soime here about you," said the host at last. "Would you'mind giving your self a good shake, just to satisfy me ?" She rose, and was solemnly preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest said : " You need not trouble yourself, Lady Linacre. It is not about you." The Honorable Ver ker May was still standing by the fireplace. There was a curious dryness in his tones, and he glanced from the dowager to Wibberley. "Then where is it ?" retorted Mrs. Galantine. "Do you know ?" " If you do, for goodness' sake speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly. Everyone turned and stared fixedly at the Indian civiliar. " You had better ask Mr. Wibberley," said the nabob. This was all. But something in his tone produced an electrical effect on every one. Joanna turned red and pale. and flashed angry glances round her. Mrs. Burton Smith looked at her husband. He looked furtively at Wibberlcy, and was silent. Up to this moment Wibberlev had thought himself merely in an awkward fix, from which he must escape as best he could, at the expense of a little embar rassment and a slight loss of self- respect. But now ! at the first sound of the In dian's voice he saw his danger-that social damnation, worse, perhaps, threatened him. His presence of mind seemed to fail him. The room, the ex I pectant faces turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swain round before him. He had to lay his hand on a chair to steady himself.. But he did steady himielf, so far that those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceedcf from anger or fear. He drew himself up and looked straglt at at his accuser, holding the chair suspended in his hands. "What do you mean ?" said he The civilian returned his gaze, and said. in cool, measured accents: "I should not have spoken if MIr. Burton Smith had not twice appealed to us-if a.,y joke was being played.to con fess it." " Well ?" " Well, only this," the old gentleman replied ; "I saw you yourself take Lady Linacre's bracelet from that table a ;ew minutes before it was missed, Mr. Wib berlev." "'You saw me ?" This time there was the ring of honest defiance in Wibberley's tone. If he felt certain of one thing it was that no one had been looking at him when the un lucky deed was done. " I did," replied the civilian, dispas sionately. "'My back was toward you, but my eyes were on this mirror-" he touched an oval glass in a Venetian frame which stood on the mantel, "and I saw quite clearly. I am bound to say that, judging by the expression of your face, I was assured that it was a trick you were playing-a jest." "And now '" Wibberley tried to smile. But he could not. He shook all over. He felt himself -and this time it was no fancy- growing livid. " To the best of my belief, the bracelet is on your left arm now," added the civilian. Wibberley tried to master, but could not, the impulse to glance down at his wrist. The idea that the bracelet might be visible overcame him. He looked down. Of course there was nothing to be seen ; he might have known it, for lie felt the hot clasp of the horrible thing bu-n ing hisarm inches higher. But when he looked up again, fleeting as had been his glance, he found that something an ful had happened to him. He faltered. and the chair dropped from his hands. He had never met such looks before. lIe read in every-face save one suspicion and con demnation. Thief and liar! He read the words in the eyes of h:s quondam friends ! Yet lie would, he must brazen it out; and though lie could not utter a word, he looked from them to Joanna. The girl's face was pale and scared. But her eyes-they answered his right eagerly-were full of indignation. They held no srspicion. The moment his look fell on her she spoke. "Show them your arm !" she cried im pulsively. "Show them you have not got it, Ernest!" There was such scorn, such generous passion in her voice that it did not need the tell-tale name which fell so glibly from her lips to betray her secret-at least to the women. Show his arm ! Ah, that was just what he could not do! And as hlie compre hended it he gnashed his teeth. He saw himself netted and entrappeld, and his rage and misery were so written in his face that the best and most 'nerciful of those about him turned away in shame and pity. Even the girl who loved him shrank back, clutching the mantel in the first spasm of doubt and fear. Her word'. her suggestion, had taken from him his last chance. He saw it was so. He felt the Nemesis the more bitterly on that ac count; and with a wild gesture, and some wilder words, he turned abruptly and hurried from the room, blindly seized his hat and went down the street. His feelings when he found him~elf outside were such as it is impossible to describe in smooth, passionless sentences. He had wrecked his honor and happiness in an hour. He had lost his place among men through a chance word. We talk and read of a thunderbolt from the blue, but still the thing is to us unnatural. Some law-abiding citizen whom a moment's passion has made a murderer, some strong man whom a stunning blow has left crushed and writhing on the ground. a twisted cripple-only these could fitly describe his misery and despair as hlie travelled the streets. It was misery ie had brought on himiself, and yet how far the punishment exceeded the offence ! Hoe' immensely the shame and exposure exceed'd the guilt! He had lied, and the lie hai made him a thief. He went up to his rooms like one in a dream, and, scarcely knowii;g what he did, tore the bauble off his arm and flung it on the mantel. By Ihis last act of brin, ing it naway he had made his position a hundred times more serious, but he did not at onice remember this. After he had sat a nhile with his head between his hands, wondering if this really were him self-if this really had happened to him, this dreadful thing! he began to see more clearly. Still, he could not at once mnake up hIis miud what to do. Beyond some hazy idea of returning the bracelet by the lirst post a;nd going on the continent--of course he must resign his employment- he had settled notlhing, whlen a step out side made himn start to his feet. Some one knocked at the door of his chambers. He stood listening, struck by a sudden I fear. " The police I:'1" he said to himself. But a moment's thought satisfied him that it was improbable if not impossible. lilat this summons should be theirs ; and he went to the door listlessly and threw it open. On the mat stood Burton Smith in a soft slouched hat, his hands thrust into the pockets of his overcoat. Wibberley just glanced at him and saw that he was alone ; and then, leaving him to shut the door, returned to his chair and eat down with his head between his hands again. He looked already a broken man. Burton Smith followed him in and stood a moment looking down at him un comfortably enough. It is bad to have had such a scene as has been described at your house, but it is worse, if a man be a man, to face a fellow creature in his time of shame. " Look here, Wibberley," said Burton Smith at length, as much embarrassed as if he had been the thief, "it will be better to hush this up. Give me this confounded bracelet to hand to Lady Linacre, and the thing shall go no further." His tone was curiously suggestive both of old friendship and present contempt and pity. But when he had to. repeat his question, when Wibberley gave him no answer, his voice grew harsher. Even then the man with the hidden face did not speak, but pointed with an impatient gesture to the mantel. Burton Smith stepped briskly to the place indicated and looked. He was anxious to spare the cu'prit as far as pos sible. Yes, there was the confounded bracelet. He seized it, anxious, if the truth be known, to escape from the place with all speed. But he laid it down the next instant quickly as he had taken it up, and his brows came together as he turned sternly upon his companion. "This is not the bracelet," he said. There was no smack of old affection in his tone now ; it was wholly hostile. His patience was exhansted. " It was a diamond bracelet of great value that Lady Lhiarre lost, as you know. This is a plain gold thing worth two or three pounds. For heaven's sake, man!" he added with sudden vehemence, "for your own sake, do not play the fool now. I say, wake up, Wibberley. For God's sake where is the bracelet ?" No doubt despair had partially be numbed Wibberley's mind, for still he did not speak, and Burton Smith had to put his question more than once before he got an -answer. When Wibberley at last looked up it was with a dazed face. " What is it ?" he muttered, avoiding the other's gaze. "This is not Lady Linacre's bracelet." " It is not ?" " No." Still confused, still avoiding the other's grave look, Wibberley rose, took the bracelet in his hand and glanced askance at it. Then Burton Smith saw him start violently. " It is of the same shape," repeated the barrister, ice in his voice; he thought the exchange a foolish, transparent arti fice. " But Lady Linacre's bracelet has a large brilliant where that has a plain boss. That is not Lady Linacre's brace let. Wibberley." The accused man turned away, the circlet in his hand, and went to the win dow. where he stood for a moment with out looking out into the darkness. The curtains were not drawn. As he stood there, otherwise motionlees, his shoulders trembled so violently that a certain dreadful suspicion seized his late host; and the latter desisted from watching him and looked about for a vial' or a glass. At the end of the minute Wibberley turned. For the first. time he confronted his visitor. His . eyes were strangely bright, his face very pal, ; but his mouth was strong and firm. " 1 never snid it was, you know," he answered grimly. " What was I" " I never said it was Lady Linacre's. It was you who said that," lie continued, hi, head high, a singular change evident in his demeanor, an incisiveness almost harsh in his tone. "It was you-you who suspected me ! I could not show my arm with that bracelet on it." "And whose bracelet is it ?" Burton Smith asked doubtfully. He was shaken as much by the sudden chance in the man's demeanor as by his denial. "It is Joanna Burton's. We are ein gaged," Wibherley replied sternly-so entirely had the two men changed places. "She intended to tell you to-morrow. I saw it on the table and secreted it when I thought no one wasm looking. It was a foolish thing to do." "And it was my cousin's bracelet that May saw you take ?" "Precisely" Burton Smith said a word about the civilian that we need not repeat here. Then hlie added : " But why on earth, old flhow, did you not explain I" "Firstly," Wibberley replird with force, " because I should have had to proclaim my engagement tr all those fools, and I had not Joanna's permission to do that. And secondly-well, I did not wish to confess to beiig such an idiot as I actumlly was." " Umph i" said Burton Smith, slowly, an odd lightin his eyes. " I think you were a fool, but-you will shake hands 1" " Certainly, old chappie." And they did so very warmly. " Now, then," continued the barrister, his face becoming serious again, " the question is, where is Lady Linaere's bracelet ?" "That is hardly my business," said Wibberley. "I am sure you will excuse my saying so. I have had trouble enough with it-I know that-and if you don't mind L'm off to bed." But though his friend left him on the instant, Wibberley did not go to bed a once. Mr. Burton Smith. hurrying home ward-to find when he reached Onslow Ml-nsons that Lady Linacre's bracelet had been discovered in a flounce of Ier dress-would have been very much sur prmsed indeed could he have looked into the chambers a minute after his own de parture. He would have seen his friend cast down oni his knees before a great chair, his face hidden, his form shaken by wild, hysterical sobbing. For once Wibberlhy was moved to the inmost depths of nature. It is not given to all men to awake and find their doom a dream. Only in dreams does the cripple get his strength again, and the mur derer his old place among his fellow men. Wibberley was fortunate. And the lesson-did hIe take it to heart ? Well, lessons and morals are out of fashion. Oh, stay-ask Joanna. She should know. Wanx thou art obliged to speak, be sure to speak the truth; for equivocation is half way to lying, and lying is the whole way to eternal darnlction.--WiiTm Penn. 