NEWS OF THE DAY. In tlio Legislative Assembly to-day the Government anticipate boing able to disposo of the Land Sales by Auotion Bill in a fow minutes. Mr. Munro, in doforonce to tho wish of members on both sides of the House, will amend the =w. „J, ,„ul cusdig (.uo amount proposed to bo expended out of tho fund on I'arlinmcnt- buitdings from £51,500 to £100,000 ; Molbourno University from £10,500 to £95,000 ; public buildings, Sandhurst, from £2000 to £32,000; additions to the Public Library and National Gallery from £45,000 to £90,000. He >vill also move tlio addition of £25,000 for ngrioul- tnral colleges, and a similar amount for a military college. The total will thus be raised from £866,750 to £1,099;750. Tho Minister of Railways Avill movo tho second reading of the Railway Act Amendment Bill, nnd it is antici pated lie will occupy an hour in explaining tho provisions of tlio measure. The Government hnvo decided not to proceed with any other business until tho Railway Bill lias bo'en finally dealt with. Amongst the questions to bo asked in the Legislative Assembly to-day is one by Mr. Hex, Avilo wishes to learn from the Commissioner of Trade and Customs if lio will appoint n board or royal commission to report upon tlio host means to prevent the . fisheries from being .destroyed by netting and by the use of dyna mite. Mr, Bowman is. to draw tho Premier's attention to a regulation of tlio Public S orvico Board that applicants avIio hnvo passod for the' civil service, but avIio aro not required for twolvo months, aro struck off tlio list and bccomo ineligible for appointment. Mr. Dow AVill nsk tho Treasurer if lie will rolond tliu Avire liotting grant, as it is paid back, to those Bottlers who wore unable to obtain a Hupply under the originalnpplicatlons. Mr. Mothvon is anxious to learn from the chairman of tho Parliamentary 1 Standing Oommittoo on Railways if It Is the Intention of the eeinmilteo to recommend that a railway bill bo .introduced this season, and if tho measure will include a direct lino or lines to tlio northern suburbs. Mr. Laurens seeks Informa tion from tlio Minister of Railways regarding tlio conditions under Avliloh the Railway dopart- inont is supplied witli interlocking gear. In tho Legislative Council an effort will bo mado to advance tlio Police Olfonoos Act Amendment Bill nnd tlio l'ublio Scrvioc Act Amendment Bill another stnge. Tlio worst fears liavo boen realised regarding tlio fnto of somo of tlio officers nnd orow of tlio shi,;> Fiji, which wont ashore noar Moonlight nend about 3 o'olook 011 Sunday morning, Wlion tlio sailor, Julius Gibbnur, succeeded at daylight in reaching tho shore, after a dospernfe battle with tho wiivob, during svlifoli n comrade who hnd accompanied him in tlio attempt was drownod, ho left behind him 24 men huddled on tho fdrccastlo with lifo holts around tholr wnists; expeoting ovcry moniont that the ship Avould be oithor smashed to pieces by tlio sea or blown to. fragments by tho explosion ot tlio ensos -ot dynnmito which formed part of tlio cargo. Alt day Sunday and all night tho sea washed over the iinfortu- nato mon, nnd when daylight broko yesterday morning tlioy wore still obliging to tlio wreck. In tlio moaiitiino tlio Lady Look wassteainingat full speed to their assistance, whilst tlie rocket apparatus" wm 'on its way liy rail from IVarrnamliool, hut before they could reach tho scone tlio vessel "was broken up 011 the reeks. Twelvo moil succeeded in getting nsboro but twolve others were drowned. A settler named Wilkinson mndo a brave attompt to save one of the sailors who Avas fighting his way to the shore, and succoodod iu getting Iiiin ssfely to lnnd. Tlio heroic resouor died a few minutes nftorwnrds from PYhnuotinn. Tbo Premier lins received a dospateli from tlio Agent-General, enclosing a lottor from the Sooioty of Arts, London, in roferenco to the Oliicngo Exhibition. Tlio oouncil of tho Sooioty of Arts lins boon appointed by tlio Imperial Government n Royal Commission for the British section nt tho oxliihition, and if tho Am- trnlian colonies appoint commissions the society will afford every assistance. It is sug gested tlio commissioners should lose 110 timo in putting tliomsolveH in communication witli tlio council, with n view to ensuring tlio adequate representation of tho products, inamit'netnro- and arts of tho British Empire. Should A'i„. toria not appoint a commission tlio sooioty expresses willingness to watoli tho interests of tho colonial oxliibitors who may ho recom mended by tho Qovernmont. Doubts hnring arisen as to the refrigerating space availahlo. for tho export of buttor on board tho. Peninsular , nnd Oriental nnd Orient steamer's during tlio approaching season tho Agent-Gcncrat wns requested to intcrviow tlio managers of both compnnioson tho subject The following oablo mesango was received by the Premier in reply:— "Have seen Sutherland, who says that the P. and O. Company are, nnd always hnvo beon, ready with all the space re- quired. Although I have not yet soon Anderson, thesccrotary of the Orlonit Company informed me that tho local agent 'had been instructed to nrrnnge for spneo in Melbourne." Subsequently nnother cable was received from tho Agent- General to the following ofrect " Have soon Anderson in reference to arrangement with tho P. nnd O. and Orient Companies. Tlio condi tions will he provided for. I am in communica tion with local agents." At tlie recont Postal Conference in Sydney it was proposed that tlio " hour zono " system in timo reckoning, and tho 24 hours notation in railway timo tubloR should be adopted. Since then Sir Henry Parkes requested Mr. Munro to ascertain the views of tlio railway nnd telegraph officials nnd of tho Govern- mont astronomer. Mr. EUery slates thatcon- sidernblo ndrnntngo would follow tlio use of the 24 liours notation in railway timo tables, and is confident tlint tho " hour zone " Avould bo a great convenience if mndo general throughout Australia. Mr. EUery remarks that nt pre sent tlie ndoptiqn of tho system Avould ho pre mature. Tlio Postmnstor-Gcncral is of opinion that a recognised time reckoning throughout the colonies would bo acceptable from a telegraphic point of view, and says that if this cannot bo nowintroducodlhe "hour zone" plnnsliouldcor. tninly bo adopted. Tlio railway authorities have not yet oxprossod an .opinion 011 iho subject. The investigations of the Parliamentary com mittee appointed to inquire into the present system of settlement in the mallee country terminated ot Swan Hill yesterdny. Tlie trip lias been a profitable ono, for in addition to collecting a largo amount of ovidenco the members of tho cominittoo hnvo per sonally inspected mallee land of varied qualities and conditions during thoir crosi country trip of 150 miles between Dimboola and Swan Hill. The latter place was left yesterday afternoon, nnd tho return journey to Melbourne completed shortly after 11 o'clock. The work of taking evidence will bo completed this week, nnd it is expected that by the end of noxt week' the committoo will have completed its report for presentation to Parliament. It sooms a-ory doubtful at present as to what decision tho committee will arrive at with regard to the method pursued for some time past of subdividing mallee lands and privately disposing of their leasehold rights, but it is almost certain that some radical nltera- tions in the Mallee Lands Act and its mode of administration will be recommended. A laudable effort is to he mndo by tho Harbor Trust to deviso a Bcliome under which their employes will ho in n position to secure for themselves medical attendance nnd half pay in case of temporary disablement, and to provide annuities ngninst permanent incapacity. It is intendod that tho scheme shnllinclude self insur ance, so that tho widows and children of employe's who may lose their lives wliilo in tlie discharge ot thoir duties will not be loft penni- loas. At the next mealing of tlio Harbor Trust Jtr. James Styles will move—" That tlio finance oommittoo he requested to formulate aud submit to the Trust n scheme witli the object of creating a fund for tho following pur poses :—(«.) To provide medical attcndnuco and half-pay in the case of einployfis' teinpornry- disnblcment through accident while in the dis- clinige ot thoir duties. !>.) To provide annui ties for employes who in tho discharge of their duties may he permanently incapacitated through accident, (c.) To make provision for tlio widows and children of employes who may loso their lives wliilo in tiie dischnrgo of their duties. ( annuity (at tlio option of tlio recipient), for ony omployd who may become unable through bodily infirmity, or old nge, to follow his usual occuiki- tion." HiB Excollcnoy the Governor, though still confined to his hod, is so far recovered from tbo nttnek of influenza tlmt lie autioipatcs heiuz able to leave his room today. Ho lias arranged to attond a meeting of tlio Executive Council to morrow, Tho Countess of Hopetoun is also recovering. A special meeting of tlie Executive Council will ho hold nt Government House to-day, when ids Excollcnoy tlio Governor, by tlie ndvice of the Board of Health, will issue a proclamation, releasing from quarantine tlioso officeis and membois of tlio orew of tlio Looh Tay who woro not infected with tho small- pox. Tlio question of lighting the city by oleotriaity was discussed by the City Council at its fort nightly meeting yesterday, when tlio public works committee recommended that touders be called for the supply of plant and machinery, as suggested in a report submitted by tlio coun cil's electrical engineer. Tlio recommendation was adopted. Letters of administration to tlio estate of tho Into Mr. William John Wilkin- Hon, M.L.A;, will bo applied for to morrow by tho National Trustees, ISxeou- tors and Agency Company of Australin, under authority from the deceased's widow, Wary Llinabeth Wilkinson, of Tylor-street, I'reston- J he deceased died on tho 6th August last, intes tate. His property is valued at £12,643, £8185 roalty and £4456 personalty. His next of kia aro a widow aud five children. An action witli respect to n small Collins- street property, nearly opposite The Aye Office, was tried in the Third Civil Court yestordny, before Mr. Justice Wobb. Tho plaintiff was John Stownrt Dismorr, and the defendants were Alfred II. Guorgc, John Marshall and JutncsQ. nnggart. William H. II. George and Alfred II. George obtained n 21 years' loose on tho 31«fc August, 1883, and on the- 0th December, 1886, borrowed £3300 from tho plaintiff, giving him a mortgage ovor the lenseu I he morlgngeo was given the option of purchas ing tho unexpired torm of tho lcnse by a clnuBe in tho mortgago, and now sought to enforcer ipeoiflo performance against tho defendants who became tho assignaos of tho mortgagors on tlie 24th May, 1890. W. H. H. Goorgo was originally joined ns a ilofondant, but tlie aotioh ngainst lilin wns subsequently discontinued. An objection was taken at tho trial that tho two Georges should linvo bocn sued, nnd not their assignees. Ills Honor held with tlie dofomlants. Another objection wns that an option to purchase ceitid not bo contained in n mortgngo, since It interfered with the mortgngors'equilyof redemp tion. Judgment for tho defendants, with costs. Mr. Neighbour nnd Mr. Topp appeared for tho plnintilf (solicitors, Alossrs. Wisowonld) ; Air. Higgins aiul Air. "NVoigall for tho defendants (solicitors, Alossrs. Bralinm and Pirani). A land transaction in Braybrook was tho sub ject of nn action heard by Air. Justice Hodges in tho Second Civil Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff, Arthur Blnokson, sought to rcoover £156, the pnroha90 money of n picco of land having a frontngo of 120 feot to Franois-strcot, Braybrook. Tho ground of notion was that tiio defendant, Louis Francis Dyson, who was tho vendor, had misrepresented tho land to bo in Franois-strcot, Ynrrnville, mid consequently much more valuable. Tito ilofondant denied misrepresentation, and. pleaded that, tho pur- oliaso inonoy'htiviug been paid and llio transfer signed; plnintilf brought ids notion too Into. - His Honor found for tho plaintiff, thodofendnnt having discovered there had bocn misrcprescnta- tion as to tho poaitidn.-of -tho -innd boforo tho contraot was completed, ami having failed to inform the plaintiff of, tho fnct. Judgment for the plaintiff, for tha return of tho money paid, "the contraot to bo, rescinded and tho proporty xetrnnsforrcd by the defendant with costs. Air. Duffy appeared for tlie plaintiff (solicitors, .Alessrs. Madden and Drake) ; and Air. Bryant for tho defendant (solicitor, .. Air. F. S. Stephen). An nppenl in n Sunday, trading enso was auuwcu uy uuugu raumaoa in ucneiai busmiuib yesterday. Caroline Engelcr, licensee of tho Cosmopolitan Qotoi, Port Atclbourno, appealed -against an order, of tiio local justices filling lior £10, witii £6 6s. coats, for a second offence of 'Sunday trading. Evidenco wns givon on the one hand of liquor having been supplied, on the 26th July to awoman named Deacon, whilst tiio lieenseo and her two daughters swore to the contrary. The conviction was quashed with £5 5s. costs. Air. Eagloson appeared for tiie appellant, and Afr. Neighbour for tlie respondents. A penalty imposed by tlie Brighton magistrates for cruelty to animals was reduced from £5 5s. to £2 2s., with costs. Tlie appellant wan Francis Cronny, by whoso order a cow and two heifers that lmd trespassed upon liis land woro impounded. Tho owner, John Smith,.. subsequently discovered 'that tho cow had been injured through being over driven. Air. Eagleson nppoared ill support -of tho appeal, and Air. Johnston for tlie reBpou- dents. A. Friedman, storekeeper, of Bnllarat East, whoso estate was coinpulsririly sequestrated in Afay last, was examined in tho Insolvency Court yesterday before Judge AYorlbington, nnd was ordered to flic liis schedule within 10 days. Tho action brought by Air. AY. H. Roberts, AI.L.C., against Air. J. Balfour, Ar.L.0., and tried last month, was decided by Air. Justice Hood in the Banco Court yesterday. Air. Bal four and tho laAe Air. William Tomplcton, as executors of James Phillips deceased, sold an irregular block of land, witii frontages to Stevc- -doro-strcet and Alolbournc-road, Nortli Wil linmstown, to tho plaintiff on tho . 15th AIny, 1887, for £1025. Tho land com prised nil aero and a quarter, hut aftor the purohase money had been paid plaintiff discovered that about a third of tho property, emhraoing all tho Stovedore-streot frontnge, had been Bold by Phillips in 1870. Tha executors woro in ignorance of this fact. Tho Trustees, Executors and Agonoy Company, as executors of tho estate of tho Into Air. Tom- pleton, were originally joined as defendants, lint the action as against thorn was abandoned. It wns contended on be half of '.tho remaining- defendants that all tho deeds in tho executors' possossioii having been produced for tho inspection of tho plaintiff, who hail made no requisition within tlie stipulated time, lie inuHt be taken to lmvo neccpted tho title, and to havo waived all objection. His Honor said the defendants "had takcu upon dkcmsolvos to sell land ns thoir own -on which thloy lind no. title. Judgment was :<F1VJ>n'flOfinai-. ttlA ilnfnnitntlf fny £1V) Tl'Innli flirt jndgo considered a fair compensation for the loss sustained. Tho litigation with rcspeot to tiio Golden Ago Hotel, Onico, was advanced a further stage iu tho Banco Court yostcrday, when' Air. Justice Hood delivered his decision on a motion tor judgment in AVeignll v. Fregon, argued in April Inst. The plaintiff, 'Tlicyro A'B. AVeignll, Curator of Intestate Estates; was appointed on -the 10th Juno, 1889, to hif.viiiiister tlio'estato of .Taincs jli'Doiigall, wlio'nt tho time of liis dontli was tiie holder of a licence for tho hotel named, and tenant of tho defondnnt, Eliza Fregon. .After iiis dentil tiio business was carried on by his widow, under tlie existing lense, acting as agent of tho tdaiutiff, until Ootober, 1889. Defendant then granted n new lease to the plaintiff, and Airs. Al'Dougnil continued to xnanago tho hotel as before until the end of 1889, wlion a licence wns granted in lior own name. In September, 1890, plaintiff endeavored to sell liis interest, nnd ait agreement wns made verbally witii this objoot between the plain tiff's agent nnd N. J. Gracber. Plaintiff '.handed the licence to Grne'bor, who proceeded to Omoo to take possession. Upon his arrival, -defendant entered tho premises.', nnd refused to :givc them up, alleging that plaintiff Imil for feited tho lease by parting with the liconce, and that she had thereby acquired n right to rc- entor. 'His Honor hold, on tiio interpretation of the covenant to tiie lease, that there had been no breach on the part of the plaintiff, and judg ment wns given in liis favor witii costs. Tho "measure of damage was tlie difference in tho value of tlie leaso in September, 1890, and at the present timo, together with the.-loss of profit until tlie defendant rcdolifeTedJpoyseH- sion. Tho hotel was destroyed by firo csrly in "tlie present year, and 1ms since been rebuilt. If the parties could not agree upon the amount of damages, liis Honor -referred the matter to the Chief Clerk. A reference was nlso made to the Chief Clerk as to the claims of tile defen dant upon the AI'Douga!! estate, which were to be set off against tlie amount found due to tlie plaintiff. . The latter was held to he entitled to a sum of £66, the value of tlie Btook and -furniture seized by tho defendant. The board of examiners appointed by tho 'Governor in Council, in nccordnnco witii tlie provisions of the Evidence Act 1890, to conduct "the examination of applicants for licence as shorthand writers met yesterday, nt tho County Court ofiieeB, in tho Law Courts. TI10 members present were Mr. E. B. Loughran, Air. AV. Briggs and Air. G. Bell. Air. Bell was olected chnirman. Consideration was given to the regulations for determining tho nature, standard and requirements of the' tests to be applied to applicants, and it was unanimously agreed that "the tests would require to be amended in order to bring-them into accord with tho conditions under whioh shorthand would bo employed m the law courts. It was accordingly decided to 'communicnto with tho Public . Service Board. Pending this being done, the examiners are not In a position to fix tho date of the first.examina- "lions. j A committco of the Prahran oonnoil appointed to consider the A. U. Alcoek Electrio Light Bill submitted a report yesterday afternoon adverse to the bill. Tip) committeo stated that tho company were asking Parliament for powers for which they should nsk the municipal counoils. . Cr. Forbes disagreed with tho decision of the committee. He held the counoil had no right to oppose a bill which did not apply to their district. - Cr. Skinner saicl tho bill gave the company a monopoly and power to "take control of the. streets. Cr. Aluntz said his principal objection wns that the bill contained no prevision for tlie company's proporty boing "purchased by the councils. Or. Turner regretted that the committco did not bring up somo recommendations ngrcenblo to all parties con cerned. Tha report was eventually received and adopted. A meoting of tho Royal Institute' of Archi tects ofYictorui was held at'thoir- chambers, Collins-street, litet evening ; tho president, Air. G. C. Inskip, in tho oliair. Tho president reported that the Registration of Architects Bill, ns approved of l>y the profession, lind been placed in tho hands of Air. R. AY. Bast, At.LA., and would bo by liim submitted to Parliament in tho course of tho noxt few weeks. Tho nnnunl dinner of the institute wo&ld; take place on 22nd September, and tho next examination for asso ciates would bo hold in November. Afr. AV. N. "Taylor was oleetcd an assoointc, and BcvornI -fellows and associates vteto nominated. A paper on Iron Girders was read by Air. J. It. Hill. At the marine oourt of inquiry yesterday, the Swanspit lighthouse keeper, who wns examined, oxplaineil that whon lie saw tho rookots sent up from tho Gambier wreok ho did not signal for nssistanca becauso ho would havo interfered with tho Bignais tho Onm- tiicr nnd Easby wore using. Tito seeond mato of tho Qamliicr, Arthur Denyer, gavo evidenco. Ho was cross-examined at length by Air. Stewart, who made him demonstrate different oonrscs nnd positions on the chart by moans of modols. To-day, nt 2 o'clock, tho inquiry will bo resumed, and tho evidonce of tlioBo passen- gore who aro waiting to go 011 to Adolnide will be taken, so that they may proceed on their journey. Air. Ball has just complotod tha olay model of tiio statno to bo raised to tho Into Mr. Ormond, in tho vicinity of tho AVorking Alan's College. Tito figure of a middlo aged gentleman in a frock coat is hardly a subject which lends itself to nrtistio treatment, at least in sculpture, in which all must bo expressed by form alone. -All tho interest is centred in tho head, and this is vory characteristic and thoroughly well drawn nnd modelled. Tho treatment of the figure is loss skilful. Tho.clothos seem to give tlie form to the body, and not tho body to tho clothes. Tho figure undornoath is not 'sufficiently folt, but this is adotail whioh will probably s triko.no. ono but an artist. Tito statue, which is stand ing, is about 8 foot high, and"' is -to bo east in bronzo. The Rev. Isidore Alycre, B.A., of Alclbourne, who was formorly in charge ot tlie East Alcl bourne Synagogue, lias boen delivering with great succoas a series of lectures in Liverpool 011 tho Talmud. Tho Liverpool Daily Pout, in reporting the first lecture, describes Air. Alyere's discourse ns a "sorios. of sparkling epigrams." Mr. MVnra So fnlrinw n rlnan 11.. J ,w wiling t MVVJ IMWIVBV lit- liliU formation in England of branches of the aooioty fertile colonisation of Palestine by Jews, and his name frequently appears in connection with meetings for this purpose. The Anglican Church Assembly of tho diocese of Melbourno has been convened for Monday, the 26th of next mouth, in tho chapterhouse, Cathedral-buildings, Swnnston-street. Tho fol lowing Tuesday morning lins boon appointed for the meeting of members fnr devotion and spiritual edification, nud tho elections in con nection with the nssoinbly will take place on Thursday of tho same woelr. A cheap excursion train will leave Spencer- street station at 942 a.m. to-day for Sulky and all stations thence to Maryborough, conveying 500 passengers.' It will return .to- morrow from thoso Stations; 400, passengers have booked, Spencer-street will be reached at 4.30 in the afternoon. At tho meeting of tho Brunswick public works committee last night, a letter wns received from residents in Mitchell- street, com plaining of a quarry adjacent to thoir residences. They stated that the blasting shook their houses to tho foundations, nnd cracked the walls, whilst tho galvanised iron roofs were perforated witii stones. The complaint wns so serious that the councillors instructed the inspector to take immediate action. nomceopathic ITospital ball will take place in mv,n Melbourne, to-night. The baml will b» ""dor the direct! n of Herr Plock. The Itev. CJ. C. Ortibb's thn.nl:»giving service, an nounced to tnko plnco in tho Town Hail to-morrow "veiling, will bo hold iu tho Exhibition-building at Tho Re«. S. Iloctor Ferguson is advertised to lecture to-night at Chalmers Church Literary Society, Eastern Hill, on Marloy's Ghost (Charles i/lckciis). A public meeting will he held to-night in tho Miuvorii town hall in connection with tho National Association, at which tho objects of the association will bo explained. \Vo are requested to intimate that tho Itov. M. O." Hart, or t'outscray, will lecture on Alfred '1'onny. son, nt the Dorcas-stroct Preshyteriim Church, south Melbourne, to-nlglit. Tlie namo of Dr. W. Mnyno Clayton was omitted from the published list of nominations for tho niUcc of honorary surgeon to the midwifery department in tho Women's Hospital. ,0 savage attack on a sea man at Williamstown on Saturday mowiiug, wo are Informed that tho man's wounds wero attended to by air. C»co. Cuscadcn, surgeon. . The Itojal Geographical Society of Australasia hold their 21st general meeting on Thursday even ing next in tho Athcmeuu Hall, when a progress report will be presented by the Antarctic Explora tion committee. Tho Prahran and South Yarra Young Women'b Christian Association shows a vory favorable balance sheet. The building fund receipts amounted to £260 10s., of which £100 has been paid as a deposit. ou the cocil-jeojeropprty, leaving a balance in hnml of i ti v, uo K""unt receipts reacncu Xi w. icl„ while the expenditure had been £219 ls.l0d.,leavhur a credit balance of £5 is. 6d. 