ALETER TO MOTHERS. i Htsis rO WEU R3 w rMomaaS BY ore "'wHO HAS SEE. 'THLREL Are you just too" tired to move? Are you drearily wondering how all those ghosts' of undone tasks are toIe decently shrouded and buried by your weary fingers?! And have you really forgotten that the birds are singing, the sun shining, the earth is robed in green, that you-poor tired weary woman that you are-that you might look out upon all the wondrous beauty of the summer time and renew your youth and joyousness there Y ? -our poor toilbound soul. you are too tired even to think of youth and joy, too tired to feel plainly your own weariness, too tired to know aught beyond the desire to rest and bhe at peace, and yet there is all that work still waiting to he done. Let ste help you to do it. First and foremost, just settle down comfortably in your rocking chair, draw that ottoman, up to your feet,-that is right,-now forget aft about that work and rest a moment. Even farmers, that proverbiallywoverworked class, are learning the value of '-judicious leisure," as oneof their number phrases it, and why should it not be woman's turn next to rest and think sometimes? In all soberness, where is your life going? Here you are, and embodied tntelligenee. standingal ~he in spite of bonds of human ity, friendship, love and kindred, even as every star is ound by the laws of attraction toevery oterheavenly body, yet evercircles o wnin its o loely orbit. at sort of a journey do your (lays map out? of work, you Nothling save a dreary round of wor, you say'N Humph! Euerson has said that when a truly noble soul shall scrub and mop, then scrubbing and nopping. shall become ennobled. But everyone grants that srub bin'drudging are notelevationin themselves. Lio1cat thot eias of hard-working women, farmers' wives, .and then follow me to the insane asylum and reflect upon thefact that one-half the patients in thef sle ward have been recruited from the ranks of that very class, as the gloriouq result of continual toil .: bo.urlprospeor qunatittesl exhilarat ing, but an exc? trs destructive, just as the ?hlIt b day and the glow of the electric E htsintS thetees In hty ?s badly as won esidla night. - .56t to u t9 79Uc lot; wbat -are 1o accomplishingh your life! Not ery much, you say, only helping along Johnl and the children. And that means that you toil from 1 to 18 hours out of the 24, while tle strong etsas':well-:as the weakest man who has belonged to- some union or other considers eiglit, nine, or, at the most, ten hours' work sufficient for a day'slabor. He demands it asia right thai earning the bread he eats shall notconsume all of his vitality, as the Grert Eastern steamship devoured the profits of a voyage in the engine room. : But, you say, there is just so much work, to do and you are the only one todo it. Let us see about that. The great Napoleon was accustomed to let his correspondence lie un opened for six mouths, and it was astonishing hemsaid, how few letters required answer at the end of that time.. Reflect a mome'nt on those days when sickness has compelled you to observe a similar rule with respect to household duties, and see how n?ny tasks the flight of but twenty-four hours have taken with them. I once asked an old lady who had been a most notable .housewife, whether she had, ever done any unnecessary work. "Acres of it," was the energetic response. "Acres of it, andl got never a word of thanks in retiurn If I had lmy life to live over again, I would do very differently."' , . Now suppose you set yourself to work, ny weary friend, and deliberately sort ofit the " must be.dones'".of your week's labor, after determninedly.im.king.up.your.mind.toJetall not positively imperative tasks slip past. What, are?you feeling_ rested.. already? Well, yohi kmow tliE nind affcets'tlhe body and-nothlig is more depressing mentally than to attempt tasks beyond ones strength. There is a-limit to theendurance'of steel and iron, but most -wonmen expect nerves and muscle,:to~last ;forever. :ie, assured, that when your overtaxed frame at last rebelgand your worn-out hands a e folded for thq last slumber, no second wife rwould care for feoui children as you would lhave done, be you neversolszy. And which will be ?remem bered longest, the extra ruitle youjIut on Mamie's dress when your head swasm'with r. 'he(n one is completely worn ou, the bitter words spring forth, but ess, human nature forgets the fatiguing' service and'iemeinbers only the angry speectL We overlook the fragrance of the rose atr the touch of its thorns. Let me ask you one more questions: Does it ever seem to you that all your labor brings you no return ? Are you soul-hungry and heart-sick ? Then be confident that you are living wrongly. Arrange your work so that you, can do it without exhaustion, then conquer each day as it comes. You -cannot conceive, you poor tired mortal, the deep joy that there is in being a victor, even over the trivial tasks of daily life.' Having won so nuch goodl out of existence, plan for a little leisure tinme and strength to be employed upon the pursuit that your soulloves. Give yourself something to look forward to and enjoy your pleasure when you get it, 'as school children play on Saturday, unhaunted hiy.isions of Monday's lessons. Arid finally, if, in spite of yourself, you once in awhile grow morbid or despondent, just get a good novel and read it until, you forget your woes in those of the heroine. My word for- it, you will take up your work again with vigor exactly proportioned to the degree in which you had forgotten it. This plan is twice as satisfactory as a good cry and much cheaper than the masculine expedient of going on a spree.. Besides, it leaves one with neither swollen eyes nor a headache. And when.youshall have made life sweet to yourself, you will become yet dearer to those youn love; Your joy in living will brighteni their lives. - Your hearty intrests inu your own deeds will give your voice an earnest tone when speaking of others' acts. Your new energy will give fresh vigor to your husband .and your reserved strength will shower loving tenderness upon your children. Instead of a cook, a housekeeper, a maid of-all-work, you will become a- com rade, a true friend in a word, a mother to your family. Have you been that heretofore ? But you sacrificed yourself for them through love, you say Yes, I know that, but one of the msysteries of life is that not even for love must one sell his birth- right. Each soul has th~i rightto exist for itself, and she who throws away that right must suffr therefore. 'Tis only a Christ who can take the sins of a wdrll on liis shoulders and not be crushed thereby; we poor erring mortals must even leteach other live their own lives and hope to do most good by diligently earing for our own souls instead of those of others, whmther friend, neighbor, brother, child or husband. Doing more -than your duty is a?? great a. sin as neglecting it and is not asked of you. , 