THE HUMOURIST. Miss Angela Sillibilly (fresh from the city) : 'Oh! oh! Just look at those dear little cows.' Brutal Rustic: 'All, them ain't cows. Them's calves.' Miss Angela Sillibilly : 'Indeed! How awfully nice. Aud can't we all go out and remove the jelly from their feet before it spoils ? ' The stomach of a shark has for many years been supposed to be capable of digesting anything he could swallow, no matter what the substance thereof, but he must now take a back seat. The juice of one jolly pineapple will dissolve 10 lb. of tough beef, and dyspeptics and pineapples will now be boon companions. 'No, George, our engagement must be broken. Father has failed, you know.' ' When did your father fail 'i I hadn't heard of it ! ' he said, turn ing pale. ' He failed yesterday, and is very much prostrated in consequence. My whole tune must be given to him now. He needs my undivided care and attention, and, though it may break our hearts, George, we must part for ever.' 'Noble girl,' thought George, as he hastily grasped his hat, and with his broken heart went out into the night. Hie following conversation is reported to liave taken place between a minister and a widow, both of Aberdeen. The widow, who called upon the minister, seemed desirous of reliev ing her mind of something which oppressed her, at which the reverend gentlemen, wishing to hurry matters, exclaimed : 'My good woman, you see I can be of no service to you till you tell me what it is that troubles you.' 'Weel, sir, I'm thinkin' o' getting married again.' 'Oh, that is it ! Let me see ; that is pretty frequent, surely. How many husbands have you had?' 'Weel, sir,' she replied in a tone less of sorrow than of bitterness, 'this is the fourth. I'm sure there never was a wumuian sae completely tormented wi' sic' a set o' deein' men as I've been, sir.' Shortly after a Congregational chapel had been planted in the small burgh of Bonnytown an in- . cideut occured which showed that the powers of its minister were appreciated in certain quarters. A boy named Johnny Fordyce had been indiscreet enough to put a sixpence in his mouth, and acci dentally swallowed it. Mrs. Fordyce, concerned both for her boy and the sixpence, tried every means for its recovery, consulted her neighbours, and finally in despair called in the doctor, but without result. As a last resort a woman present suggested that they should send for the Congregationalist ' ' meenister.' ' ' The meenister ? ' ' chorused mother and neighbours. ' Ay, the meenister,' rejoined the dame. ' Od's if there's ony money in him he'll sune draw it oot o' 'm ! ' An amusing incident occurred a day or two ago at Spa, when the Queen of Belgium left that watering place for Brussels. The dignitaries of the town had assembled to bid farewell to their Queen, and stood bareheaded in front of the special train. ' Pray, put your hatson gentlemen,' her Majesty called from the carriage window ; 'I do not wish you to get a bad cold as a keepsake of my departure.' Most of the loyal Belgians obeyed, and only the worthy Burgomaster declined with a deep bow, even after the request had been repeated. 'Very well,' said the Queen, ' if you will not listen to me I must ask a medical man to request you, in his professional capacity, to cover your head.' But even this was of no avail, for the simple reason that the good Burgomaster of Spa, thinking he would have no use for his hat ou this festive occasion, had come to the station with out it. The late Dr. William Anderson, of John-street U.P. Church, Glasgow, when preparing his famous anti-Popery lectures was anxious to obtain an important book which bore on the controversy. Not finding it in Glasgow, he started for London, aud in the very first old book-shop he entered he found the coveted volume. On asking the price, the bookseller named a trifling sum. ' Chnupsyc ! ' Siid the excited Doctor. 'What, sir:'' said the . bibliopole. ' C/iaupsye ' was the emphatic answer, which only made the bookseller stare the . more. ' All ! ' said Dr. Anderson, ' I take ye at your word. If ye had asked five times the price ye would have cheerfully got it, for I have come all the way from Glasgow for this book.' ' Shall I send it anywhere for you '- ' inquired the book seller. 'Na, ua, ' said the Doctor, fearing to lose his hold of the coveted volume, and putting it below his arm he marched off, greatly delighted. ' It is for the last time,' she whispered. Dumbly eyes told eyes this was the truth. Always inevitable, it had come at last. After to-night there was to be no future iu common. As yet neither has said the word that each is thinking of. ' Good-bye ! ' A little word to hold so much of pain. 'To forget! ' A short sentence to illustrate the impossible. ' Not yet ! ' A prayer for reprieve. ' Tlie end ! ' A futureless hour which embraces Past and Present. ' The rose is dead,' says he, as a shower of petals fell at his feet. Mechanically removing the broken stem from his button-hole, he added — 'and — the word is said.'' ' It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives,' said she, with downcast eyes. ' I would not have missed it,' replied he — ' though we may never add ? ' 'To be continued.' And a tear stole softly over her cheek. Each had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would be left of what had been all. Alas ! That the books of men's lives should be written in the sand, and that the tides of the years leave not even a trace. A strange emptiness fills all the night Other nights shall come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances — of sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him ; her lips quivering1 with agony suffered for his sake His eyes are filled with pitying tears for two broken lives — their own. Alas ! for the happy, foolish, fugitive hours they had owned in common. Alas ! for the nights brimming with happy silences under the stars. The shaded lamp is burn ing out. The hour has come. Words are poor things. ' Did I bring my cane 'i ' And his trembling hand reaches into a shadowy comer. ' Yes : here it is,' replied she. 'Good-night.' ' Good-night.' Each knows that it is a good-bye. A caress. A sigh. A sob. The door closes. His rapid footsteps are speedily lost to her listening ear. Yes, it is over. The darkness swallows him from sight. A murky flash. .He is lighting his cigarette. And she ? She slowly rearranges herruffled bangs as she mumurs, with a yawn , ' I wonder what time he'll come up to-morrow night ! ' They have bid cach other an eternal farewell before. 