LADY C-VI! WYIrND'S SPECTRE, CIAPTER XXXII. .JEALOUSY AND RIVALRY. 'The lists are open to all,' said Tem pest quiotly. 'I 'conclude that no engagement of nlirria:o exists between you and Lady Diana, since I saw no betrothal ring to. day upon her finger, and if she is not bound by any ties I shall seek to win her. I am frank with you. I admiie Lady Diana. I place myself as your rival. If I can win her I will niarry her. Let her chose between us,' my lord. If she prefers you,it will be all right, and I'll go back to Tartary. If she loves me Ishall regard myself as a fortunate man, and shall marry her before the summer is over. A clear field is all I ask,' 'You are coal,' said Tentamour with a scowl. 'Th~.lady is my promised wife: I forbid your attentions to her.' 'No one can forbid them but the lady herself. If she asserts that they are unwelcome or thatshe prefers to marry you, I will retire as gracefully as may be. But the fact stands my lord. You and I are rivals, and I shall marry Lady Diana Northwick if I can.' He bowed courteously to the enraged lord and passed on. We will now turn toLerd Chotwynd whom we left llying through Chet wynd Park in pursuit of the supposed spectre of his lost young bride. When Bernice had turned aside into a yet more obscure:, path, the young marquis dashed on in the wider avenue unconscious that she had changed her course, and soon lefct he. far behind, as we have narrated. His progress was towards the great houae,and when at length hlie lackened his speed, with the conviction that the apparition had indeed vanished lie was on the edge of the park, upon the very herder of the wooded lawn. lie halted a moment in indecision and bewildermenc,and just then Gilbert Monk came acrots the lawn with a swif, stride, and approached him. Lord Chettvynd in his excitement and hgita. tion, shrunk back into the snadow, notcaring to be sees, but Monk had caught a glimpse of the outlines of his dark figure, and called to him softly,in a suppressed voice 'Hallo there! Is it you Flaukl I've Iracted my game into the park. We must look lively! Ah, the duncel Is it you mi lordl' Hie swift stride had brought him close to she marquis. He recoiled in horror as he recognized hiselordship. atil grew deadly pale in his terror lest iec had betrayed himself. But the marquis had scarcely heard ?Ionk'e singular address, and had ce, tinly gi¢v:n no heed to it. He was absorbed in his own bewildering exper - ience. and had no thought save for that. 'Have you seen anything-anybody co:tiug this way, Moakl' asked his lordship agitatedly. •Not a soul Umy lord,' answered Monk eagerly. !Are you looking for some one!' 'Yes-no! It must have been my imagination-no I swear it was not that. I cannot explain or understand it, but I saw her agaitrjust now, Gil bert in the park.. 'Her-Ber-Bernice The ghostl' 'Yes the speclre,or whatever it may be. Heaven how experiences like this give the lie to one's proud theoriee! I have said that the dead cannot return to us, but Bernice has come back-'she does come. I have seen her again this very night-not ten minutes since,' 'I s,-. bI Illy aJrd Yoe Illust have seen oneluf. the houhsemads com ing froma trest. Wheredid you see the fancied spictrel' qIn the littl IReoch Walk just out of the Beech Avenue.' -1'll take a tirn in that direction just to satisfy yort Ohetwynd, that the appearance wase that of a housemaid, or else a hallucinition. No one believes in ghosts. Tc believe in them is to take one's self back to the dark ages. You should get into the house immed lately and sit by the fire Ohetwynd. Let Sylvia dole you a little. 1 am persuaded thatyou are not well. Without waiting for a response Gilbert Monk turned away abrutrly and plunged in:o the park with his swift long stride, and was immediately lost to sight aosonu the shadows. Lord Olbetvynd looked after him a momeent, half tempted to join him, but with a heavysigh began to pace the lawn slowly in the moonlight, wiping the cola sweat from his forehead, andti endeavouring to calm himself before returning to thi house. Gilbert Moisk hurried to the Little Beech WaTk and to its junction with the Beech Mvenu two well known points in the extensive and well kept p rk. le followed the walk to Its junction with the narrower and obscure path into which Bernice had turned. He paused here, with a conviction that Bernice had plunged into this path So strong was its conviction that he struck a fusee and by its light exami; ned nariowly the shadowed path into which but few beams of moonlight prlnetra:ed. His keen eyes-keen now as the eyes of a North American Indiau,since his whole future depended upon his present shrewdness and promptness speedly discovered traces of the strug gire between tna old Hindoo woman ..nd Bernice. Without an instant's further delay he flung his burned out fusee upon the ground, and struck out through the park by a short cut towards the skaters' chalet. As he neared his destination, a wild scream-that uttered by Bernice as she fell into the lake from the balcony of the chalet, when hurled over the parapet by the Hindoo woman-smote his earing. He quickened his speed into a run but suddenly- so suddenly as to deo. prive him oif his breath--he came in abrupt and forcible contract with a person running in the opposite direc tion. This person was old Ragee. The collision was equally unexpected to her and hurled her to the groundl haf senseless. Monk caught tier breath and put his hand to his chest,against which the old Hindoo woman's head had boundt d as if projected from a catapult. He believed that the partially stunned creature at his feet was Bernice who had escaped from Fiack. tie bent over the prostrate figure; and the old woman uwde an effolr to arise. 'Bernice,'said Monk in a gasping voic, 'are you here? Great heaven!" A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull red turban and dusky visage of the old Hindoo syah, revealing her identity most unmistakably. He stood as if paralazed, as she slowly rose to her feet, moaning feebly, 'What are you doing here, and at this houri' demanded Monk. 'What are you after lagel' The old woman unclosed her lips to make response but at that instant came again the shrill frightened scream of a woman in mortal peril. Monk wavled to ask no questions. lie comprehcnde I that Bcrnmce was in danger. lie swept the cowering old Iiindoo woman from his path with one powerful armi, and bounded on toward the borders of the lake. He gained the bank. He directed one keen ewe, ping glance at the chalet aisd then scanned the lake, upon whose surface, save at the shadowed border under the trees, lay the broad sheen of the pale moonliglht. Al ! what was that? A dusky head in the bright shimmer of the moonbeams! A human head bobl'isg ;ik-a cork upon the waters! It rose-it fell! And now a low shud dering cry cash- from it and now it began to sink under the shimumering waters. Monk did not wait to reason, or tc think how B rnice came to tbe in the lake, and so far out. tie saw thet she was there, and pulled oft his boots and coat and plunged into the lake, strink. ing out and making rowards her with rha skill and swiftnnes of a strong and powerful swimmer. As be gained the spot at which the d's brh esd had disappeared-as nearly as he could guese - B-rnice came up again to the susface for tiii third tiame. Her shit-e fI:p a0rose not five feet drl- ii' fromt M, k. Her ,.yea were earng. She boiked Ire onedead. No cry no soan eamnefrom her no,. Her du ky Ihai clung to her throat Ilk. clinging serpents. \Her arms hung limp below in the wahr. A~ quick stroke or two brought Monk to her side. He drde her to him withl one arm. and s.ruck cut for the little submerged pier underthbe chalet, that stone pier upon whith BIrni:e bad struck in falling. He gained the pier, and climbed upon itetill holding his burden tightly. He. waded along the per to the ois r door of the chalet, in the shadtow of the wide, projecting bilcony overhead. Hie produced keys fron his ipoeket. unlocked the door, aid entered the .oser room of the chald. He dragged acrossathe room with his burden, and laid hs down upon a sofa. Then be securedthe door, struck a light, andlit a lanter. He turned the light of the lanterb foll upon the face of the half drSownd girl,. 'She looks dead,' h5 muttered, 'It she is dead, my game is up! My for tunes hang on her life!' In a great panic he felt her plse. And laid his hand above her hbMrt. He could just distinguish the feble pulsations, and he knew that she lived. Setting down his lantern, he hurried again to the closet. Here were kept vsrious stores for the use of ska ers, and various remedies in case ofaccitent such as breakingthrough the ice. He found them all as he expected He poured a draugh of brandy into a tumbler, and forced it between the girl's lips. He chaired her hands, even while she shivered with cold and excitr went, She choked a little, coughed, and uttered aloe moan., 'Bernice cried Monk softly, 'Bernice speak to me:' The young nmarchioness turned her eyes upon him in a glance of recogni tion, and feebly uttered his name.; 'Yea it is I-Gilbert,' he said. 'Why do you look around you in sudden fear. No one can harm you, Bernice. I found you drowing. I saved your life t .night for the second time. There don't speak Bernice.' There was a grate in the lower room of the chalet. Gilbert Monk found a few faggots, and soon had a blazing fire on the hearth. lie lifted Bernice gently from the sofa, and supporting her carefully led her to and fro in the room. She leaned on him heavily. Her white silk robed saturated with water clung to her tigure and lay upon the floor in discol. oured folds. Her wet hair hung over her shoulders dripping at every move ment. Her bare arms gleamed like wet marble After a few turns about the room, hIernice sat down again upon the sofa, white with pain. '. hurt my armin falling from the balcony,' she said, It pains me. It is broken?' It was her left arm, Monk examined it with solicitude. No bone was broken but thewrist was sprained and the arm was badly bruised. 'I can do nothing for it,' he said, 'You must not use the arm, Bernice. It is a simple sprain, but requires a soothing liniment. It will be all right in a week if it is well cared for, and it shall be my business to see that it is properly tended. Do you know where you are, Bernicet' 'Yes, in the chtler,' answered Ber nice lookitg round her with the lirst token of interest in her surroundings which site had yet dspislayed. 'nits roost was large and cc:agon shlap.d the four cornlrs having ben partitioned oil into closets. Two wiudowalooked out upon the lake, but the curtains and blinds were lowered over them, The floor was of dark and light woods laid in intricate and a Iective pattern, with bordering of the same woods. A rug lay before the hearth. A lamp swu'o from the coaling. A low wide Turkish divan upholstered in the crimson cloth ran around the four sides of the rooms, being broken only at the corners by by the projecting closets. There were a couple easy chairs, a sofa and a table. The blazing fire made the roost seem aParadise to Bernice, who had hidden herself for weeks in the cold attics of the great house, and who had longed for warmth and the bright glow of a fire. She reached out her thin hands towards the red and leaping flames. 'I thought 1 was drowning,' she sa':d shuddering. 'Oh Gilbert why did you not let iruedie? I do not care to live. You have saved my life twice, but to what good?' 'We shall know in good tioe.' an swered Gibert Monk, :sumiling. 'Oi Bernice I ams strangely happy in lav ing been made for the second timle the instrument of your re storatiou to life. Providence has twice sent me to your rescue. I begin to nave asuperstition that our lives are singulary interwoven And now tell me,' and his loyish face grew anxious, 'were yo.l no tired of life Bernice, that you tried to commit suicidel' Berniea's eyes opened in unaffected amazement. 'On you think tha: of me?' she asked. '1 may d sire to die, but I could never take my own Ihtr, Gilbert -never that would be as much murdtr as if 1 took your life.' 'Those Gwa.llans were out and out Puritanos,' said Monk reflectively; 'but if you did not throw youistlf into the water, B-rnice, how came you in The girl's proud face flushed as she answered 'Oh Gilbert she tried to murder me. It was she who flung me over into the wa:el She captured mte in the park nod dragged me to the verandah of the chalst, aid flung me over. dihe meant ti kill me, although I never harmed hlier.' 'Shel wheT 'ltgeer-Sylvia's ltindooayah' Did I not say her name?' Monk siartld. He had forgotten un'il this momeno t in the excitement of the rescue and reusitation of Bernice of his mtetiug and collision with the old East Indran woman hBernice notice d his face whitened. 'What,t' be exclaimed. 'was your struggle with her BerniCe!' Did she atlept your murder!' 'And she knew you!' 'Ves she knew me.' 'Did sile not takel you for a epecte' 'No ashi has long suspect-d that thi spectre of GOnetwynd Park is the liiing Lsdy Obetwynd,' said Bernice. I can. not imagine how she came to suspect the truth, Gilbert, but one night she lay in wait for me behind the open door of Sylvia's bath room, I had been to my old rooms for a glimpse of Roy, and had secuored a shawl I used to wear, apd had wrap. ped myself in it. As I passedt the door of Sylvia's bath room, that fierce old ayah sprang out upon me in that noiseless, panther way of hers, and snatched it from my shoulders. I made my escape; and she kept the shawl as a proof, I suppose, that I was not a spectre but a living woman.' 'I always knew her to be as shrewd as Satin,' muttered Monk. 'She is the only person in the world whom I fear. And she has solved the mystery of the spectre! Oh Bernice you should have stayed on at Mawr Castle. You have plunged into a host of new and awful perils. I have a thousand terrors. How did she come upon you to nightl' 'I was tired of staying in thle chilly attics,' said Bernice, 'and 1 longed with all my soul for fresh air and a walk out of doors. I have had no exercise for a fortnight. I could not stay mewtd up longer. 1 am used to out door life, you know, to long rambles among the ro:tks by the sea, to long rows on the water, and to fresh air and sun shine. And to-night the moon tempted me beyond mny power of resistance. I put on this white gown as a matter of precaution, lest I should be seen. In it I passed for a spectre, you know. I gathered up the long skirt, and put on my long black cloak, and stole out by he private tower stairs, and I am sure I was unseen. I came into the park, for the shadows are denser here,and the park is usually deser ed at niglht. In crossing an avenae, I beheld Roy my husband. and I stopped spellbound. He stopped too. And when I lied, lie followed me. I ran into a narrower, branching path, and crouched there till Roy had pased but when he had gote by and I thought again of flight, old Ragee sprang upon me like a tigress. 1 struggled, but she held me fast. She dragged me here, to the balcony above she talked to me, and suddenly flung me over into the water.' 'I understand now.' 'I am expert swimmer, but in falling I struck my arm upon the stones of the unfinished pier and disabled it. I tried to swim and then a cramp or faintness seized me. I remember ecreaming, and the next I knew 1 was here with you. CHIIAPTER XXXIII. DEPARTURE NECESSARY, Monk took a solitary turned or two abel t the room. 'Pernice,' ha said, abruptly, who is your ibest friend?' YV,5 are,' the young marchioness answortd sinaply, with a child like trust ;n himn that ought to have ap. pealed to his better nature. 'Yea I am your best friend, Bernice. To nie,ht, I have again saved your life, I have proved my true friend ship for you. Will you trust uie then to the uttermost, Bernice? Will y-' heed my wishes, and let me take you back to Mawr Castlet Tao girl's face grew poler, but she replied bravely= 'I owe you everything as you say, Gilbert, and if you wish, I will go back to Wales, and-and leave Roy and the dear homo I have loved-and-and all-' 'And the murderous old Hindoo ayab, who will not rest until she des, troyes )our life,' interposed Gilbert Monk; that is if you remain here. 1 must get you our. of her reach. The old creature is devoted to Sylvia, and sh;. knows that Sylvia is betrothed to Chltwynd and she fears that you mean to prevent their marriage. Their marriage would be legal of course-you being dead in law after you have been buri, d as desi-but your reappearance would cause a scandal. Blesides Sylia has too much generosity to marry Roy if she knew)ou tobeliviag. And so this misguided old creature, having discovered that you live, and deriring to secure Chtetwyynd's and Sylvia's hap piness made up her mind to remove you. She won't rest until she has accomplished her intention, unless I hide you from her.' Then take me back to Wales Gilbert. 'Are you willing to adhere to your plan of self sacrtfice BIernice? You will remain in obscurity, allowtng them to think you dead and to marry with each other?' The girl nodded assent. 'Mrs rowl is over at Eastburne in lodgings and Flack is somewhere about the grounds. 1 will send hinm to Coet wynd-by Sea for a fly, and you shall be driven over to Eastbourne to Mrs Growl's lodgings. You can remain in her room until to-morrow evening, and thee proceed to London, veiled or disguised by the express. Mrs GOrowl and Flack will take you back to the ast le.' 'My clothes are wet,' said Bernice. •Iant vwry uncomfortable,and I should tot lik- 'o appear at Eastbourne as I arU now. Mly cloak wae carried off by old Rlger. Ihave a travelling ba0 filled wile n change of garments in the little garret over the tower attic, Gilbert. and my travelling dress and hat are there also. (an you get them for mel' q 'I will go for them and change my drn garments at once, while Flack gres for a oerriage, You well remain here Beraice? ou Rill not givO me tbh slip as once before I tru.th' 'No, I will be her.- when you return, OL Gilbert do you think old Rsgee wal coane back to see if I am dslwnedi Shite imay be lurkiisg about thIe plice Sv. Keep the ltitors lockel in Imy ence. I sll give you my revolver tjfeind ysour.ef is Case Of need. T old womene capnot p.netrate irio ta chalet, Biernice. Keep up the fire aI your courage as wall. yll11 be h ,k in half an hour.' L few more words were spoken, and G bert Monk then left tho chalet. no hurried accordingly into the park and strode swiftly among the shadows on his way back to the great house. CHAPTER XXXIV." TIER LADYSfIP' WITnDRAWAL. Bernice had been alone but a few moments in the little Swiss chalet,when she heard peculiar a scratching as the door by which Monk haddeparted. She was lying down at the moment upon the sofa in front of the delicious fire. the heat penetrating through her wet garments to her very vitals, but when that low sound reached her hearing she half raised heraelf,oresing her small noble head, and waiting in a pale expectancy for further demon. straltions. She knew that the sound had been produced by old Ragee. She knew that the murderous old Hindoo woman had observed Monk's departure, and was now prowling around the chalet like an infuriated tigress, seeking some place of entrance, 'I 0an defend myself against her', thought the young marchioness. 'Gil. berr will soon be Lack, and until then I can stand a siege.' She grew paler, in the very moment of making this assurance to herself, as she recognized the clinking sound produced by the contact of metal with metal. it Il sa?ed upon her like a revelation that the old Hindoo woman possessed keys to the chalet. In that case it would seem that she was at Ragee's mercy. She: knew. instinctively after hearing the sound of clashing metal,that Ragee was endtavouring to fit a key into the lock, and t, push out the key already in. With new born strength, she sprang up from h hr. ofa and flew to the door. She had hardly gained it when the key of the inner side dropped from the lock. As quick as a flash Bernice thrust the key back into its socket and turned it, holding it with all her strength. A low growling sound without attested that ttagee knew her presence and designs were discovered. Bernice cast a quick glance towards the eearth. Bundles of faggots and sticks were strewn there, and she singled out one from a distance which she thought might be used to strengthen her deft nce. She glided towards the hearth as silently as possible, and thrust the long stick through the loop handle of the key resting the point of the stick on the floor. 'There,'said the youthful Lady Chet wynd to herself 'that will prevent her entrance.' Shite inclined herjear,listening eagerly. She heard a low suppressed breathing outside, and she knew that old Ragee was crotching there and waiting.. A few minutes passed, and then the cunning old East Indian woman softly at emrpted to turn the girl's key in the icck in vain. Bernice'. ready wit had proved more than equal to tli emttrgency. ... : i..y could not be turned, and consequeutly could not Ie pus!h' d out of the lock. There was a smoothered sound of an impreca ions in the nlindoo tongue, and then Bernice heard the old wouman creep stealthily away. The girl listened but she could not discover the cour. taken by her enemy. She sharpened her hearing, waiting breathlessly. A faint movement at the nearest window betrayed that the old woman next point of attack was to be on the water side of the chalet. Bernice sped to the window. There were heavy inside wooden shutters bound with ironl, and securely locked and barred, as she saw. They had been arranged for the express puprose of keeping out tramps and thieves, who might have otherwise have found the seldom visited chalet a pleasant retreat or who might have designs upon the few valuables left in the building. I: was impossible that Rageeshould force an entrance through the window, and the fact soon became apparent both to besieger and besieged. Ragee dashed in a pane of glass with a stone, and struck at the heavy inner shutters with sufficient force to be numb her boney powerful hand,yet the defences gave no sign of yielding. A sudden silence followed this dem.. on?tration. 'She is climbing the outside stairs,' thought the girl following in her mind every step taken by her enemy. She creeps along the balcony. 'She unlocke the dor of the upper rotm. Ah now I hear her step above me. She means to decend the inner stairs unlock the door at the foot yonder and burst in upon me.' The stealthy step on the innerstairs, attested that this was precisely Regee's intended mode of procedure. Tae girl flew across the room to thfile far corner in which the light inner spi, al stair case was enclosed in a space corresponding to the three cosner closet. She knew in which one of the projecting closet the stair was situated. the door was closed, but the key was not in the lock. The girl it seemed, was thus at the old l1indoo woman's mercy. But Brnice did not lose her high courage. Caring nothing for the noise she mades she wheeled the sofa against the door, disregarding the spreintd wrist, and piled on top of the sofa the easy ohairs, She ecsayed to lift the table but it was beyond her strength. Her wrists wasswollen and throbbing paittfully but she reflected that it was fortunately her lefi wrist. There was an excra ch ir when the imipromptu harricads had been made as complete as po-sib'e, and Bernice sat down upon this just out "0 range ?s hle basr duor, ans o pil r ed to 4e fed tle only point in the room about whqs~e strength to resist assault she retrained misgivings. The old woman must inevitably have heard the noise of the barricade tut her own movements were exceed. ingly stealthy. She crept down the stair and tried the door at its feat. It was locked. Presently Bernice heard a key fit grantingly into the key hold, and the bolt was shot back into the lock. A low snarling laugh, like the sub. dued growl of a wild beast, came from the ayah. A moment of suspense, and then the door was pushed opened an inch or two against the barricade. Bernice saw that a vigorous assault by the old woman would sweep aside the barricade like so many toys. 'Stop, where are you!' cried young marchioness, levelling her pistol, and speaking in a tone so cool and com. luanding as to win a ready obedience fromthe crouching figure on the stair. I am not defencelssa,itagec. Mr Monkleft his revolver with me, and i know how to use it, Stop where you are!' and her young voice rang sternly through the little chalet. '1I never knowingly harmed a worm. I should grieve to shed the blood of an animal-how much more should I grieve to shed the blood of a human being I But I tell you I will defend myself at whatever cost. You enter at your peril!' A silence of some minutes follo wed this speech which had been made with a stern solemnity that awed even the Hindoo. But after a little the door pressed with renewed force against the barricade. It yielded an inch, the sofa heing on wheels. Brnicestood up, white and resolute. She meant to defet.d herself as she said. Yet she waited with a naturai reluctance to shoot. The barricade yielded yet an inch further. Then Bernice setting her white teeth together fired. Slhe ball whizzed past the aperture of the partially open do ir, and buried itself in the wad. lThe ad nayh had been in the act of trying to peer , to the room,and the ball passed within three inches of her head. Sn.e gave astlllcd howl: of befflen rage. "You see that I mean what I say,' snid Bernice with a strange, sceet almness her dusky eyes glowing. '1 don't want to hurt you, P.agee but 1 shall certainly shoo' you if enter this room:' Forthe first time since her return to the chalet, the East Indian woman spoke. Hier tone was between a whine and snarl as she said '1 nican no htrm. my lady, I came back to say that tlt:t wa acnacident on the balcony. I did not mean toipush you into the water. I have come back to beg you to forgive me' t'io aw y.' said Bernice sternly. 'Otuly say that you for ive me,' said the ilindco with hypocritical whine. 'Only let me into the room that I may kneel at four fret and ask your pardon, my lady.' 'Go away.' said Bernice with increasing steronnes. The old woman burst forth into pleading andt whining, begging to be admitted into Bernice'a presence, that she might fall upmn her knees at h:r ladyship's lfet, but Bernme for the third time bade her be gone. 't won t go !' cried Ragee suddenly changing her tone to one of anger and rage. I dsl't believe you are my lady. You are sm: rawoman anxious to trade upotn your resemblance to the La.dy Chetwynd. toi aue a vile impestrl I will namase you ! I will punish yiu for thisinsult to a nob e house, You Lady Chetwynd! You are an adv ntures !' She burled herself sagaistthe door wit', v?:elint lifury. the t trticadedyielde now altleientlr y t form aiIer uie largeenougl for LttO airanteon of Lthe wt .noman's heac She thrust out :h t extremity of her supple bony with a pecular darting move ment. As she did so a bullet whistled past her so dangerously near that she drew back with another howl-this time a howl of terror. 'Are you yet convinced that I au ihn earnest?' osed the young marchionees. '1 have live shots left.' The old Hindoo began to realize that she had not a child to deal with, nor a timid girl, but a woman roused to battle for her life-a woman who would defend herself as any and all costs, and be weakened by no terrors. The discovery was as unpleasant as un expected. Ragee sat down on the slender spiral stair in dismay. The time had been pass tog during all her cautious mateuvres,.ui as nearly as she con d guess tme lindoo woman believed that ever half an hour had passed since Gilbert Monk had departe bbhe had no wish to battle with hib. Shb. believed that she could compass her ends by strategy, or by violence direeed only agaiunt bernice. Sie did not want Monk to return and fino her thers; she did not i ish to go away and leave Bernice conqueror of the field and she was afraid of the revolver which had been wielded sa tffectively tauons far bh the voung marchionese \\\What was to be done? Ibe old woman's deliberations occupied several minutes during which Beroice did not once avert her e)es from the door of the stair. Raqee finally concluded to make a hold on slaught into the roomsand rush upon the girl, taking he hances of getting wounded. She calcolated that the girl's terror at her suceesCful entrance would u.nerve heryouthful ladyship. And she also calculated the remote chances that a bullet fired wildlyin a moment of terror could possibly go home toits mark. iGathering all her forces, she projected herself against the door, and it yielded several inches. There was now space enough to admit her slender flgure,aod she cautiously prepared t avail herself ofit. Crouching, she colered her person with the barricade arnd crept stealthilyinto the room on her hands and knees. To her astonishment, Bernice did not fire upon her, She gathered herself utp like a bell. and raised bar turbaned head slowly abocve the back of the sofa, She beheved lhst lernice had fhinted in th, excess • of terror To her amszement,she found that Bernice was not wilhin the range of her vision. She was suspicious, and on the alert, She bekived herself on the point of victory With a suidea yell of intimidation she leaped u ., and boutlded into the centre of the rotm, 'To her nfinite amazement young Lady Chetwynd4 was not in the apartment the door sfood w;de open and outside ,in plain view, Bernice was stnding,supported by the arm of Gilbert Bonk, CHAPTEI XXXV. sE PLO'aOTTIaS ALL eSTr. The old Hindoo woman glared with an awful malignancy uponyoung Lady Che wind and Gilbert Monk as they stod together jaut out side the pr tol of the chalet in the broad stream of light that flowed out from the fire. All the evil potsosu of her heathen nature were in active tumult. 'Ihe one great object of her lilt was to destroy the your'g taurchione-s, whoul she bellever to enid i the way of her young mintrehe., .itr u. y face tIll of ii?nea ud wriotloe gl woe sioh t dth le's ihate of the w:agoed young wie, her sitll head like tyeo, h! ce oa je+. Lod shitning like a serpclets orbs, :rtIed a look that might have khiled, utU her thin, wide lips curled in a htlaluu, tile of cruelty and wickldness. To be continued. 