OUR SPARE ROOM. 1 (AHOOSr). I For some time after we had been married we lived at Finchley. Finchley is not a particularly interesting place in iteelf. It i» not town, neither by the utmrmt stretch of imagination could it be called country. It jb exceedingly difficult to get to the j city— where 1 go pvcry day—fruui there; or to get anywhere else for the m. tter of that But 1 think our cl,h-f reason for going to live there was that we had the chance of taking a hoii*e that had been built by a friend of mine for his own occupation, who found after it wan finished that he would have to live abroad for two or three year*. Houses that people build for themselves arc always so much nicer than those they biiil<l for other people. So we at once decided to take it, and ever «nce have been trying to get away from it. ^ We both wanted to live in town, in London proper, I wanted my club bandy, and Margaret wanted the bon net shops. Choosing a new house is a weighty and important matter, and j we braced our minds beforehand by j many conversations on the subject, and at last began seriously to house j bunt. We looked at a good ninny " desir able residences" in the regions of South Kensington and liayswater. and saw a few that we liked very well and a large number that we did not like at all. A good many o£ the houses had just been newly and j smartly done up for the season-it was the month of February when we I began our search—with an evident view of attracting tbo public. But although they were magnificent with paint, paper, whitewash, and Jacobean mantlepieces, we frequently found that they were deficient in the lea* apparent details of drainage, cisterns, and boilers, with which unimportant trifles the landlord had evidently considered it not worth while to busy himself. Some houses, on the other hand, were not" done up " in any way, but were dark, dirty, and cobwebby, and haunted by cadaverous care taker 8. It was useless to try and investigate any of these species, as Margaret refused to go any further than the drawing room floor, and would not entertain the idea of them for a single instant. "First impressions are everj'thing," she would remark emphatically when I tried to convince her that painting and papering were not loft arts, and that tne caretaker would not, of necessity, form part of our establish ment. Our househunting was, therefore, a long business, and we made quite a picnic of it, Margaret declared, for we frequently retired to a confectioner's for afternoon tea, instead of going back to Finchley for that meal, which was always a great point with Mar garet. She would not have thought the day complete without it. So as the afternoons at the end of February aro long and light, v.« fre quently walked about looking at houses till nearly 0 o'clock. One evening as we were sitting together in my smoking-room after dinner, talking, as we usually did, about our prospective new house, Margaret seemed suddenly to be fitruck *vith an idea. "Charley," she said, leaning for ward in her chair and placing her pretty little forefinger on her pointed <-hio as she spoke; "there is one thing which our new house must not have, and that thing is a spare room." " No spare room!" I cricd, nearly dropping the -:id of my cigar in my surprise. *' Why, where shall we keep all our boxes, mv dear; and your sew ing machine, wJiich you never use; and—" "I mean spare bedroom," inter rupted Margaret, reprovingly. " And I wish you wouldn't say * my dear,* it makes me feel so old." " Old!" I said, astonished and mystified. " Yes," returned Margaret. " Mr. Whitelock calls his wife * my dear,' and they are both over seventy 3" This argument was unanswerable. I did not attempt to refute it. " Well, then," 1 continued, " my— tnr love" (' Ah! thnt's better,' said my wife), *' would yon mind explain ing to me your objections to that tinie honored institution, a guest-ehainher ? Are you afraid of a ghost taking up its quarters with us ?" "No," answered Margaret, still keeping her finger on her cliin and regarding me with a fixed and ste«d fast gaze. She had not even Idem-lied when I alluded to the sewing-machine, *' But in London, he who keeps a unare room keeps an hotel." It was too true. I dropped the end of my cigar into the grate outright, while visions of Aunt Georgina from l.vamington, " just running up from Saturday till Monday,""' with her maid, tier asthmatic pug, and her array of i-nperials coursed through my brain. Aunt Georgina—she was Margaret "s aunt, not mine—had frequently per formed this athletic feat sincc our marriage, and we had soon found out that her "Saturday till Monday" was not. by any means, the same as that neriod of time recorded in the a'manacs. It was sometimes a w cek, but more often ten days, a-id it bad been known to extend «1 -e!f to a month. I do not think we <>it her of us absolutely disliked Aunt O.-Mirgina. In fict, if anyone had >mked us what we particularly objected *•» in her, we should have b.»t»n some *)«t fulzided to reply: buj she was like a rich plum pudding—a little of her went a long way. They ray that everything conies io those who wait. Still more does every thing come to those who search long and diligently enough, and in due | time our house wax found. It was in i every way satisfactory. It had been ; freshly done up with paint, paper, and i the newest things in mantelpieces and j dados, and a proper attention had been j paid to such things as drainage, gas j pipe*, and boiler*. It was in the Bayswater direction; it was close to j an omnibus route; it was only a j shilling cab fare distance to my club, I and there was a very tolerable bonnet- ] shop not far ofT. In fact, Margaret } said that by putting her head out of j the bath-room window, and craning j Her neck a little, she could just catch j a glimpse of it. J But in this world of ours, unfor- ] innately, there is no rose without a thorn ; no supreme good without some < drawback. Our house had a spare room. To be sure, as Margaret observed when we talked this over after quite settling upon the house, we might have known that we must have a spare room, as there were only oiy two selves, the two servants, and a very limited assortment of boxes and trunks to stow away. " And you know you wouldn't like io live in a very small house, Charley," she added, " even if we could have fouud one in this part of London," 1 assented to this. 41 Anyway," continued my wife, "I shall not furnish the room as a bed room. " •' Well, that was the original idea," I replied. At last we were settled in our new house. I will not attempt to describe our removal and subsequent establish ing or ourselves and our furniture. It was not pleasant to go through the experience, and it is not pleasant to recall it. I think Margaret and I came as near having a quarrel as we ever did in our lives—at that time. It all floats through my mind as I think of it. A confused dream of bedsteads and sideboards in the drawingroom, wardrobes in the diningroom, Dresden china and mirrors in the kitchen, Maple's men and strange cats every where, tinned beef dinners and a general all- pervading atmosphere of straw. But at last it was all over, and Margaret triumphantly declared that ! the house looked as it we had lived in 1 it for years. 1 thought it rather a j dubious compliment, hut 1 did not tell her so. One morning, as we were sitting at breakfast, a letter was brought in and handed to my wife. " The postman is late this morning," she said, as she took it. I said nothing; I had caught a glimpse of the hand-writing and a huge golden monogram on the envelope. It was from Aunt Georgina. 1 laid down my knife and fork and looked blankly across the table at Margaret, who looked blanker still. She had just spread apiece of toast with marmalade—although she was in the middle of eating an egg—in sheer desperation and self-abandonment. "I can't read it," she said, presently, tossing the letter across to me. " It looks as if she had written it with her left hand and her eyes shut." I deciphered its contents with some difficulty, and then read it aloud to Margaret. It ran as follows:— Mv Dear Magoik (" I wish she wouldn't call you Maggie," I said): So I hear you aro established in ji new town houso. I think of running up next Satur<Iay till Monday, just for change of air for myself and Konlette (Baulette wax her pug) and to have a peep at the fjushions. May I occupy your spare room. Of eourso ymi have a spn.r« room, T know the tlelijjlitful plan <>f all London houses. All news when wo meet. Your affectionate .Aunt Georgina. To-day was Monday ; she had not given us a long notice of her coming. ** To think of her trying to make us believe that she is really only coming from Saturday to Monday," said Margaret, scornfully. " I don't quite see hox she could ' peep at the fashions1 between Sat urday afternoon and Monday morning, unless she means she is going to study i«.o bonnets in church." " Well," I said, dividing my morn ing paper in two, and giving Margaret the pnrt with the births, deaths, and marriages, which she always liked to see. " it's awkward her wishing to eome to tut just as we have decided not to hare a spare room, but we can easily write and say we haven't one ?" " No." said Margaret, shaking her head sagely, *' that would never do. Tii tho first place she would he verv much offended, and she mustn't be offended, for you know, Charles, I have some expectations from her, though it is n->t much " That was very true. " Then." she continued, " our not having her io rtay in this house will not prevent her coming up to town. She will come all the same, and stay at nn hotel. She will walk in upon us <3 i recti? she arrives —Saturday afternoon, verv prob ably. She will, of course, expect j to he shown all over the house; an«' !t will strike her as rather peculiar why we have left our large front bedroom on the third floor empty. ^ »»u know llie horrid wav she always notices everything. She will hear down npon me with an aralanrhe of questions, and probably gej everrthinjr out of me Ijef^re I know where T am. No! What we must do is to turn that room into some other kind of a room — not a bedroom," she concluded some what vaguely. It was time for me to go to the city, «o we did not discuss the matter any more just then. As I bare paid, this was Monday, and by Wednesday evening we bad not come to any decision about our spare room. But Margaret had written a polite—though, I am afraid, rather hypocritical — note to Aunt Georgina, saying Mint, unfortunately, we possessed 110 s,«are bedroom, and entreating her to take up her quarters at the Paddington hotel, and give us as much society as was possible. On Wednesday evening we began seriously to discuss our spare room ; tim*. was getting short. Margaret could suggest nothing but a picture gallery or a private cliapel; but as we had 110 pictures worth speak ing of, and there was a church in the next street, the suggestion could hardly be called a good one, and my idea of turning the room into a kitchen—as the sanitary-dwelling folk tell one that the kitchen should always be at the top of the house—was received by Margaret with scorn and contumely. " Fancy one's dinner coming down to one, instead of up," she said ; " how dreadful it would be. I am sure I should never be able to eat a morsel." " I don't quite see the objection, " I replied, mildly, " unless you think it would be a ' come-down ;* and, in any case, your dinner must go down when you eat it, you know." Margaret took no noticc of this remark. It is always a point of horor with her not to see any of my jokes when they are at her expense. She did not even smile. "It would be horrible," she went on. j " I should think the next thing would j be I should have to wear divided skirts and stockings with toes tc them." •'I thought stockings always had toes," I said, but Margaret vouchsafed ine no reply, not condescending to inform me that she referred to Dr. Jaeger's new system, where the toes of the stockings are separated like the fingers in a glove. The next day, as I was sitting in my office, a brilliant idea suddenly rushed post haste through my brain. J It was so brilliant, and also I felt that j the time was getting on so fast, that I decided to go home at once and com municate it to Margaret. I was rather proud of it, for, as a rule, I do not have so many brilliant ideas as she has. Therefore, I at once left the office, although it was only half-past three, and hailing the first respectable looking hansom that 1 could see, drove rapidly home. I dashed upstairs into the drawing room, where Margaret was sitting. " Oh, Charley !" she cried ; " how you startled me. I was altering a dress, and I thought 2 au were a caller." And she pulled out her paraphernalia from under the sofa, where she had hastily huddled it. " Margaret," I cried, " I have an idea!" | " What ?" she said, and looked as astonished as if I had said I had got a I megalosaurus in my pocket. i " 1 have an idea about the spare room," I gasped ; for I was very much out of breath with my rapid ascent of the stairs. " We will make it—into— a billiard-room." And I sank into an armchair. " Oct on your hat and we will go out and order a billiard-table at once." 1 " A billiard-room! Of course! The very thine!" ejaculated my wife. " Why didn't we, either of us, think of such a simple thing before ?" I war not quite so sure about tiie simplicity of it—as regarded the cost, at any rate, j When Margaret had got her hat and I had recovered my breath, we sallied iorth, my wife perpetually wondering all the way into Oxford street why w« had jiot thought of. euch a simple thing before. " Beside," i sn'd, " only think of the cheapness j of furnishing a biliiardroom. Why, you absolutely want nothing except the table and a few seats." ^ "A carpet, though, would rather improve the appearance of the room, wo^uld it not I ventured to put in. Well, yes, but a carpet is not furniture." I was silent, but I did not feel so thoroughly convinced of the cheap ness of the arrangement. The cost was certainly the least brilliant part of my idea, I could not help thinking. (To be continued.) ! 