QUAKKIIK are increasing faster ill Queensland than any other denomination. The "after ellects " do si rike sonic: people that way. THE residents of Ec.huca strongly object to the proposed imposition of a water-rate. And why shouldn't tlu-y, pray : j They don't wash and they don't drink—at least not water. A MAN has been arrested in Sydney for forging a cheque twenty years ago. Mo) bourne police only sleep ft decade at a time. Sydney is evidently twice as drowsy. The effect of free-trade, we presume. IjITTJjiv Johnny Sniithers, brain- exhilarated no doubt by the fact that the Christmas holidays have not vet terminated, says that he does nut care to go buck to school, because liis master is ill ways " raising nun-." "ANI> lie was given a scat on tlie floor of the court," says an cveuing paper, speaking uf an invalid witness, from which it. will be observed that after His Worship the Mayor " takes the chair,'' there is little or no furniture l.'fl 011 hand. Why not work " the system," and patronise the time-payment racket't Tin: Western Gaietle gave a column of verse as a leading article for the New Year. A bad beginning. Tim editor of a Kriskme paper, who, to save time in travelling home, takes an occasional nap in his oflice, bad his pockets rilled while he slept a short time hack. The editor says they were rilled because they were turned illside out: hut that is nly reason he can give for the charge. " LSST year England spent Jjl,:!OJ,:iUli for the promotion of Christianity among the heathens."--AVics Hem. ""The terribly hard winter is making itself felt nil through the country, and especially in the poorer quarters of Loudon. It is slated that over MUiou people are starring in the East End."—lfrrcut CuWr. IT is about lime Dial newspaper perjuries should be checked with a strung band. A atninliirii reporter says, ill describing a recent interview Willi a lady connected with the Prahnui murder, that "a bottle of hi'er was produced, and all present were invited to take a drink, but we declined.'' Fancy a reporter refusing a drink. Tut coming woman is not going to monkey round without knowing tlie exact quantity .if dollars the show is goingt-tuwnu loiter. .Arrangements are in progress for file intercolonial ladies' cricket match, and it is settled Unit each plavcris to gel a quid a day for her services. They were nol long in gelling down to straight-out professionalism, bless their little .stumps ! AN Adelaide gentleman named Spukes wa found dead in a barrel the other day. His nam should have been si.-nes, or to carry'out the thin; to its legitimate conclusion, Spokes should liavi been run over bv a carl wheel. ].V Holland, where they haven't the - W- managed railways in the wor'd." the signabao,, door-slamn,c,-s.i„.ehicf. Ac., arc compos,,! wholly and solely oi women. We fancy 11,^1 the eni])Ioyment of women 011 the \'ictoriaii Jtailway would be a gigantic faibire, esiiecially when the Sunday church train happened to ooiu'c along, for all tile women cmphnjes would then be clamouring and crowding the cars t.j see what kind of dresses the passengers had 011. i K gods ! listen to this ! A movement is 011 tout lo establish u brass baud 111 connection with the Kussell-street Police Barracks. Call it be Hint oiviiig- to recent "disclosures" the force wish lo wipe the Salvation Army out in one act r It would certainly be a novel and exhilarating sight to see a bobby running in a drunk with one baud, while with the other grasping a huge cornet he tootled, looile,], "When Johnny Comes Marching Home A gain, Hurrah ! Hurrah:" ° "Tnniij; are stranger things iu Heaven and earth, Horatio," Ac, and the'phonograph scores .•mother. He was a bashful young man. with Iho pr.iverbia) prospects and a phonograph. lie Couldn't muster up courage enough for a proposal ill the presence of the lady ol bis choice, speaking into the phonograph, he yelled, "Win von have me f" and then bottling uplhcproposu), he sent tlie machine to the young lady with instructions how to " turn the crunk." she. then "recorded" her ivp!y and " tuniod ilw crank" with such effect that she is now the happy wedded little wife of the crank, that is, theuian who luade the novel proposal. A RKTIHED apostle of Freetliought has been stirring (lie ambient- atmosphere of a small ami modest••little chapel in Swimst-on-street with the important, hut rather vague, inquiry—" Ai'e we saved liy water.-" For ourselves, ire should be inclined lo reply at onee, " Certainly not;" but, with llie experiences of l'elix Tanner staring us in the face, we are forced to conclude, as they put it in Parliament., that " the ayes have it." Hut we stipulate for Yau Yean, cither liquid or solid. lln was a metropolitan dramatist, and he shall be nameless. He'd written a three-act drama, and it was decided that George , Alfred and J. C. should read the piece. They did. On the arrival of the author to know his fate, the spokesman coolly replied: " Well, the three of us have read your production, Mr. lilank Blank, and each one has decided that an aetshouldboeut out-." "Which act, which act shrieked the author, " Ah. t hat's tin; difficulty," replied the other, " as each wants a different act." Tableau ! SOMH of our Ministers of the Crown are more at home at- polities than at pronunciation. One of them took a party to the Pantomime the other evening. The curtain had just gone up and Mr. Jiriiiiten's striking view of the Pyramids was visible. " Why," said the great man, " that lookf. like the Spinks." Then, after a second glance, so that there might, be no mistake either as to the scene or the pronunciation, he added, " Yes, it, i? the Spinks." We suppose that when lie takes a trip down to tiw Heads, lieaus he lie fins it u a run down Port 1'illip, and when reading the Bible delights lo t.'ll the stor >ij o, in > l aiisje. SAYS a local weekly paper in describin mine accident:—"His body was extricated from the machinery in order to convey his remains home." Precisely; because if his body had been extricated and taken home while his remains were, left in the machinery, it would have created quite a scandal in tlie lu'ighbourbood, and nii.fht have come to the ears of the Bishoj). Als?j. if his remains had been taken home and bad had several drinks oil the road and had then been buried •while his body was still concussing itself into fragments lragments against tin the piston ' rod " and - 1 • he -fly wheel. thocor^. .night W o h j c J t w l V ^ Jurlilion of Its material and^ h- -e sued e inacliinerv for illegal 4,-trMimJ^ (s bod - in e Counly • Court. W n c i g c. th ,e sT speculations ,l"io have made us fired, and we hereby invite tenders lor clearing up the mystery. TUKBE have, probably, been more eulogies in prose and verse written about the score of George •jift'en in the late. Intercolonial Cricket Match than about the Battle, of Waterloo. A cummun soldier who dies for bis country - is never ev „._„ mentioned by name. The doings of our noble firemen, who bravely save our property and our lives at the risk of tlieir own, are i-areJv chronicled unless one of their number should be killed. W t- len publish his name, so that we mav promptly hold an ! inquest J '' on " him. When, however, a man makes a big score at a ja-mc, the news is at once flashed to the ends of the earth, and that man rises forthwith to the attitude of a hero. These are homely facts, but they art facts all the same, .... and serio "' " too. Truly we are a great peopie —greatjin bathos: great iu bosli, great in littleness. A ki:..'1CNT wire says that the Broken Hill express J rain "ran oil' the line" one day last week. This bears a distinct perjury on the face of il, Tlie lame locomotive that toils* wearily with i(i cattle trucks and a brake van from Terowie te the silver country every other day was never known to do anything so undignified as "running." Possibly it walked off the line, and more probably it fell off. The only occasion on which this alleged mail train, which is run expressly to be late at everywhere, lias been known to approach anything near to five miles ail hour was curly in February of JH8S, when a bullock team tried to race it from the Bluff. The locomotive did shake itself up a bit then, and after a close race of about an hour and n-hiilf it succeeded in distancing the dray. The engineer, however, told us sometime later that the extraordinary speed of his old steam bathing machine liad been purely involuntary. Ye see," he said to us explanatively, " them bullocks looked a bit wild, and the blanky engine got frightened and run away from tlieir 'onis." A TRULY terrible occurrence came under our own very observation a few evenings ago at a popular seaside resort, about three miles from Melbourne. The pier was filled with people of all sorts, anxious to get a sniff of tlie sea, and of course the peripatetic band of musicians—three in number—were there, also, to discourse sweet music at per tune for whatever the generously disposed were willing to give. Presently a.highly cultured dude arrived, with a lady on each arm. Said the fairest and fattest of the twain, concluding that the musicians must liavecome thither st raight from dear, romantic 1 ta.ly, "Speak totl.eni, Cecil, in their own language." To all appearances Cecil did as he was bidden ; but the soft, sensuous romance was knocked out of the whole performance when the first fiddle replied, with a pronounced Cockney accent, " Beg pardon, sir, but I'm a Londoner myself, and don't know 110 foreign language." Tin 1 misery of the situation was not curtailed by reason of the fact t hat all who look j„ the short, but effective, drama spoke in such a ]oud tone of voice us a m m a n d f,. fldrlv large audience. The ladies muttered " Horrid:" and Cecil contented himself by saving "Haw !" as with his two chai'mers he retreated from the scene of his wretched failure to air his smattering of Italian, the while the bystanders tittered, and the band played t hat catchy melody, " They Say I am Awfully Clever." MAXWILTON'S REVENGE. S1A.Y«ILTON and Nunwortliy were operatic singers and members of the same company. 1' urther than that they were both in lu love lovo „ 1 J ,, > , with w n " tlie '" ! "'" I 'S lrou l ,<? ' Sinclair, Miss ^»?o«gh tlie k,r Efllo encoui'aged both suiters in ' ""'^T® ' T » tor ildmiratl '"" " was ffi ^ that site was partial to Nunwortliy, who was the star more tenor, than to poor Maxwilton, who was only a sort of utility man. This fact at last became patent to the two lo vers. Nunwortliy boasted of her preference for him, and sneered at Maxwilton's absurd presumption to woo the jn-i'ma doima of the company. " Look here, Max," he said to the unsuccessful on(; d a - v ' " lll< \- oagle mates not with the dove, and the utility man has not a ghost of a show with a prwn donna soprano. Clniek it up." Maxwilton looked as if he would like to chuck ^unworthy up, and up verv high, so that the fall »»g h t sufficiently great to permanently injure the exultant tenor. But. the utility man said nothing, but divided his spare time between brooding over his unrequited affection and scheming a revenge upon his successful rival. All things '-'I"" 1 to t5le ' >»»n who can wait, and time brought the opportunity for vengeance to the moody Maxwilton. And this is how it- all came about. " Chilperic " was put in rehearsal, and of course Auuwortiiy was the hero, whilst IDflie was cast for the part ol Fredegoude. Chilperic was to make 111s entrance upon a real horse, and whilst mounted to sing bis opening number. To give e lect to this a quiet and reliable steed was obtained, which would not be frightened by the loothghts and would curvet and prance to the chorus whenever his rider gently spurred him with the foot furthest away from the audience. All tins programme was gone through carefully at rehearsal, and Maxwilton fumed in sij, when he saw how well Nunwortliy salt and with what admiring eyes the fair d gazed upon him. " OJ), il' J could only spoil his Iniuugf first •st night X should be content to smothjj and die content," said the dejected utilyl himself. "Ha! a bright inspiration. |'l If 1 can carry it out successfully jj jg glorious revenge. I'll make the lUtoiu,,?® 1 rate." Maxwilton, by copious applicationproperty-man who had charge of |Jl scoured that worthy over to his cause afcijl a state of comparative cheerfulness VJ livery-stable-keeper and secured the emS horse of the same colour as Chilperi" 1 - -J^ warranted to be an out-and-out good '• The substitution was arranged by snr for the first night of the opera, and,^^* " of his great revenge, Maxwilton enjovrlB of earthly happiness as a blighted W.1 expected to know. There was a crowded attendance psrformanci; in the town of the oper peric." Nunwortliy, mounted on his | w lit the wings for his cue to conic ui th^ came, his horse refused to budge, and th its bad to go back and go over ( lie iiitrodi* '.|S again. When tlie place was reacted jy time, Chilperic gave his steed a i-eunnl shape of a gentle prod with his spin Z" 1 wild snort that nearly dismounted tL rider, and knocked over a seem 4} S horse at one bound reached ththe stage. He was paralysed with .,=( A at- the glare of the footlights and tin « c th that, rose tier above tier in front of ifiev evidently could not understand the im 6 h all. He had had circusses described other horses who hnjijSS! the business, but lul^JB pictured in the wldlflpgl of Ins equine imagimjBjf[|§§ thing like such a Vf hiist Chilperic's motionless with \ rider was getting otfgjl with his solo. H't#a endedChilperic IcduIC _ he touched up the t jl| the spur to make raT as at rehearsal. enough. The four ijp® horse came suddrali-f each other ns lie % air and shot the 1i|S_ astonished Chi]peri-.iif§§F the -- flies," where li-'IptKeS 111 tlio stomach ijffi,. stage-hand who raSSSS mg to the workinc^^W tain up and down. gBlgg somewhat shaken, wise unlnu-t.was^^ttf liinding, ajid Jroiu E^P 1 v a.n( age siu-veyc 1 nient the umvlni!^® torniances of his This horse fell tl^Bj 011 the job" this litj^ rate, and having „ rider thought lie |jjj well go in for tlif£"""~ the circus on his omg H(i coiumenced Im-jQ over the stage i that would Inn great ci-edit on a Vi ^ show, but was a lito?S jilace in a comic ejif^M liucliing and kirlit* the most vigorous ]>ensed his favours iij impartial niaiiiier rL„» courtiers, chorus and scene-shifters. WS hy I'Uttmg his two in the j-espectivc 1® ,, .1 r.u/ -- Dr. Senna and Fnti reared up and put th a coroner's inquei t the lung's page, whilst Fredegonde, r.iin wings shrieking hysterically. The audiS wild with delight, and offers were liiiid'. - gallery of ten to one that the horse wonl contract of knocking the whole opera i^ standard three minutes. There were but the fiery untamed steed went 011 wit just ns earnestly as if he had been c;ni of money. j He laid out all the characters witlml lf but appeared to have a particular fancy&S; and the stage was soon littered with p» and white robes! Having backed upM)| heels clean through the scene rtt tlie] turned his attention toMux-wilton,who ing in one of the entrances, chuckling wita at the great success of his plan. Bf amused utility-man knew where the liglil^ from that struck liim, he was lying a maul in the prompter's corner. The horse, lifc'Jf the dreat, sighed for still more worldsUil and having a vague idea that the glare 1 ! light which annoyed him ivasthedeliheia' the musicians who were grinning il'' made oue great leap into the orclies(rt| with his forelegs in the big drum. H»| his feet through the sheepskin hi! was t get them out again. He struggled vai4 time, until finally kicking his hind lepj the violoncello he tumbled and fell an i to the trombone, who sat on his head I^I were called in to manage liim and tabf^ watchhouse, where he was claimed ly w next day. S Maxwilton did not come out of the I>4 a fortnight. When be 4i<i he Icaintf property-man Jmd "given him awnr,"** billet as utility man was gone, and 1 tsnor rival had married the prima dotW s J And tiiat was the net result of "' revenge. 