THE LATE LORD LYTTON. j 1 OWEN MEREDITH." In the month of November, 1860, there """eared in the Cornhill Magazine, over the signature "Owen Meredith," a poem entitled Last Words," which lingers in the memory of come who love Robert Lytton's verse as his very finest work. It is a pathetic coincidence that in the some month' one-and-twenty years later "Owen Meredith's" own last word had been spoken. A few months earlier in the year mentioned in March, 1860 appeared the novel inverse, "Lucile," which, according to Miss M Betham Edwards, who edited Lord Lytton's poems for the " Canterbury" series, is " said to be the most popular narrative poem in America." The work as is acknowledged in the author's pre- face to the third edition (1856), is derived in cart from "Lavinia," one of George Sand's novels. There are good things in it, but the a purple patches are very few. The rhythm chosen is itself, if one may venture to say so, of a sort which poor human nature could scarcely endure for more than half-a-dozen pages, let alone for over three hundred. The difficulties of rhyme are too of ten evaded by means of some such device as might well, one may admit, seem but a venial offence in a minor poet when the Brownings, then at the zenith of fame, were, in the matter, arch-offenders. Such doubtful concords as albert" and see it," "ill-construed"' and one strewed," "in- creased" and " breast," or " untouched" and a approaches," are as plentiful as they are, to the reader of to-day, positively unendurable. The spirit of the poem is, however, a fine one, and the story told more briefly and in verse of happier form and dainties finish would, I think, have been one to road and to remember and to read again. " Clytemnestra was published in 1855, and "The Wanderer, a Collection of Poems in Many Lands," in 1859. Much of the verse of this earlier period has a charm which, it seems to me, is seldom found in that of later years. The four-line poem, entitled at first To a Woman" and afterwards " The Last Wish," merits, I think, such praise : Since all that I can over do for thee Is to do nothing, this my prayer must be That thou mayst never guess nor over solo The all-endured this nothing iron costs me. So also, I think, does " A Love Letter" : And I had been content, without one thought Our guardian angels could have blushed to know, for to have lived and died, demanding nought Save, living dying to have loved you so I never thought to know what I have known The ecstasy of being loved by you : I never thought within my heart to own One wish so blest that you should share it too. it ever did I deem, contemplating The many sorrows in this place of pain, So strange a sorrow to my life could cling, As being thus loved to be beloved in vain. The culmination of pathos in the verses quoted renders them, to my mind, only less touching than Landor's incomparable " Rose Aylmer." " The Portrait," also of this period, is one of the few powerful poems of Owen Meredith. Although the story it tells is an unpleasant one the treatment is so masterly, the lyric ring SO true, that one cannot but take it as another proof of the great gift lost to the world by reason of Robert Lytton's having devoted himself to the diplomatic service. In 1861 "Tannhauser, or the Battle of the Bards," appeared, written in collaboration with the Hon. Julian Fane and in the same year " Serbski Pesme," a collection of the national songs of Servia. Selections from the latter are given in Miss Betham-Edvvards's little book. It 1863 was published, in its first form a psychological novel, " The King of Araasis," which last year over a quarter of a century later-was republished, as the author remarks in his preface, in a better and more attractive form and as " a substantially new story." Those who read for the first time this one important prose work of Lord Lytton's must, in justice to the writer, bethink themselves that it was given to the world before the psychological novel had become an every-day affair in the world of books ; before Wilkie Collins had dreamt or thought of "The Moonstone" (1868), and longer still before Rider Haggard had his unbeatable vision of "She." The book, as a book, is not without interest, but perhaps not its least value is as a revela- tion of the author's mind. The insight thus afforded is of a sort to confirm very strongly the ' feeling of admiration and regard excited by most of what, so far as may be judged by the reader, is the more spontaneous of the poetry. " The Poetical Works of Owen Meredith" bears date 1867 ; " Chronicles and Characters," 1868 ; " Orvnl, or the Fool of Time," 1869 ; " Julian Fane, a Memoir," 1871 ; " Fables in Song," and Speeches of Edward, Lord Lytton," 1874; " Glenaveril," an epic of modern life, some ten years later, and " After Paradise, or Legends of Exile," 1887. There are, in addition to this substantial tale of work, the contributions to the current literature of the day, notably to the Nineteenth Century. Those are not, so far I believe, available in any collected form, but are to be found in their original place in the volumes usually to be had at any fairly well-supplied circulating library. The criticism, or review rather, of a certain volume of poems by a writer denominated " X." will, I fancy, be found to be replete with interest of a sort rather unique. The many partial critics, made partial by the pleasure bestowed by the promise unfulfilled," as I cannot but consider it, of Robert Lytton's earlier work, may, and doubtless will say that his verse of later day is for audience fit though few. The reader, however, who nowadays for the first time makes acquaintance with "Owen Meredith" will be less likely youngest the now with a glamour borrowed from the old. And, be it also said, if Robert Lytton had written not a line after 1860 his place among the poets of the Victorian era would still be one well worth holding, although no higher a place than he has now. Those who have known and loved the " Owen Meredith" of old will henceforth find a power Meled pathos in the sad November swan-song, his "Last Words," of thirty years ago as they recall and repeat lines, here and there, that linger in the memory such as Dreamed; for old things and places came dancing about my brain, was ghosts that dance In an empty house and my thoughts went slitniingagaln '"rich green by-ways forgotten to a smaller circle of time Where violets, faded for ever, seemed blowing a? once In their prime. .... And I stand, chill in the sun maining you each of the roses; blest by the beauty of of none. let, on, the confident spirit once mine, to dare and to do! ere the world into my hand, and shape it, and make it know Either all men In my purpose, men in their darkness and ticKets, -'*>> in their meanness and misery, made of the dust . at the earth, could them afresh, and make out of them Man with his spirit sublime, STI Erc,lîl'eir of Eternity, dragging the conquest Therefore I mingled among them, deeming the poet should hold AN natures saved In his own, as the world in the ark was of old. Where was the fault? Was It strength fell short? And Hot? Cln Bpelllt of " now my spirit sang like the resonant nerve of a ,.««;liirilnltlü.[»» near the shaft luulcttpt from the string, what time, ton-, * ht'sht banner unfurled, "f "sued her arrowy airman in heart of the world. her arrowy purpose in so sharp at the Film another life, in another world, new alms must arise. And there .?70,r.,s' sweetest reward may be the redemption ollailuro here. It was not to the mere diplomatist nor even ; the Popular ambassador that the gallant a chivalrous French people, so often our opinions in glory, paid the other day their "son a highest tribute to the illustrious dead. nails , ,e gifted singer, the sweet and noble nature the kindly and sympathetic spirit which was Owen Meredith." F. The largest waterwheel in the world is in "operation at the Burden Iron Company's Works " s for, New York. It is of 1200 horse power, TJ- COtt'in diameter and 22ft. in width, and with as thirty-six buckets each 6ft. deep. This cry? be readily controlled by a lever which k as it any degree of power required. It was We in 1851, and is still about as good as 