Sailing Notes. The ocean race on Saturday was not very exciting, aa Miranda did not start, and it was a lead up and down the coast. Volunteer won with over 2 minutes to spare. The old Magic is to be recommissioned. She has been purchased by Dr. J. F. Elliott, ie to be done up, and probably will appear as a yawl. The committee of the R. S. Y. S. have decided the protest of the Iolanthe against the Assegai in the race that took place on the 14th ultimo in favour of the Iolanthe. ihe following races were Bailed last baturdny : — Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron : Ocean yacht race for la eweepRtake of £25 each. Volunteer came in first when the race was sailed on the 29 rh November, but was disqualified for fouliog Tbeltna at the start. The states, therefore, went to Thelma, but her owner returned them to be sailed for again. The course, as altered for last Saturday, was a flying start from a line between the starter's boat and H.M.S. Orlando's buoy, down to and round a nagboat moored about two mil6s to the eastward of Barrenjoey Head, and back to flagboat off Fort Macquarie, a distance of about 40 milex, The yachts entered with their ratings were as follows : — 'Miranda, yawl (Mr. J. H. Want, rating 27, scratch ; Volunteer, yawl (Mr. W. P. Smairl), rating: V3, 4 minutes 4 seconds ; and Thelma, yawl (Mr. J. F. Hoars), rating 11, 24 minutes 25 second*. The conditions of the race were : — To be sailed under the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron's rules, each yacht to be rigged as a yawl, and carry the follow ing sails only: Mainsail or trysail, mizzen, topsail with or without a yard on the foot, and foresail Trorking- or balloon, any jib (not jibtopsail) and boom ing out of balloon foresail allowed. No restrictions as f» rrew, except that tbe helmsman shall be an amateur. Mr. J. W. Ferguson officiated as commodore of the day, and followed the race in the steamer Invincible. The start was at 10 a.m., with a very light E.N.E. breeze and an ebb tide, which gave the yachts steerage tray only. Miranda did not start. The Thelma carried a jibbeader, while the Volunteer had a yard topsail aloft. It was six minutes after the flag was lowered that the line was crossed by ihe Thelma, followed about balf a minute later by the Volunteer, loth on the port stretch. The wind freshening slightly enabled Thelma to draw away from her rival, and when clear of Fort Deui^ra she came about on the star board tack, while the Volunteer stood clote in to Gar den Island before staying. Thelma caine about at the Fame time in nidctream, the wind having backed more to the northward. This enabled her to crore the big yacht by some distance. The Volunteer just stood across the Tbelma's wake before coming on the port stretch, both th»& standing on in line towards Point Piper. Off Double Bay the Volunteer, to make the most of the ebb tide, came about on the starboard Etretch, the Thelma staying at the same time, but having lost the influence of the ebb, allowed the Volunteer to improve her position consider ably before reaching the reef to wind ward, of Bradloy'e Head, she came about on the port tack crossing Thelma by about 20 fathoms; the latter threw round fhortly after, and both Btood across for the eastern shore ; the Volunteer having in creased her le*d cane in stays when off Carrara. ' The Thelma tben being fully 50 fathoms te leeward, came on the starboard, and both stood across the channel, the wind then being a little stronger, about N.N.E. OS Chowder the leading yacht came on the port stretch ; Tbelma now holding her own, came in stays, following in the Volunteer's wake, and getting the wind more northerly was enabled to reduce her lead. When off Buttery Point the Volunteer came on the starboard tack, but only crested the Thelma by a few fathoms ; the latter came in stays directly and stood after the leader. The wind now had blowm itself out, it being almost a clock calm, the tide doing more for the boat* than the breeze. When to windward of the Sew and Pigs the Thelma had drawn up level with, and on the weather of the Volunteer, a few feet only separating them. Outside the Heads the breeze could then be seen making nice atd fresh from about E.N.E., end in a few minutes the yachts began to feel it, the Volunteer drawing away from the Thelinn, which threw round soon after for the eastern shore, the Volunteer keep ing on the starboard tack until off Middle Habour ; the Thelma, when off the Ladies' HauL came about on the starboard, and was crossed bj about 100 fathoms. On this stretch the Volunteer stood outside the Heads; the Thelma kept on the same tack until halfway across to the Green Flats, where' sh« stayed and stood outside. The sea was rather lumpy, acd Volunteer seemed to revel in it, extending her lead perceptibly. When the Gap was abeam the Volunteer came about on the starboard tack, Thelma doing so when clear of tke .North Head. Ihe Volunteer set a balloon foresail, and the breeze coming more easterly the yachts were enabled to make the mark on a lead. Theltna's balloon foresail was not run up until she was off Bluefish, and in the meantime the Volunteer was getting away from her. Before reaching Long Reef, which was passed by the Volunteer at 12h. 58m., the vind had hardened con siderably. The steamer which was following was unable to hold either of the yachts. Thelma,. by keeping well off the land, had to contend with a stronger current than the Volunteer, which kept cUser in. Before reaching Barrenjoey, working: foresails were substituted for the balloons, and ' the boat ' was luffed round by the Volun teer at lh. 4«m.,43s., the Thelma following at 2h. 3m. 3s., having lost 14 minutes *0 seconds eince leaving the harbour. On the nth back the Volunteer made good time, pussihg the Long Reef at 2h. 4dm. and the North Head at 3h. 0m. 18b. The Thelma at this time waa just tb'8 side of die Long Reef. From the North Head, balloon foresails were carried by both yachts; the Volunteer booming hers out when clear of Brad ley's for the run to the finish, which was passed by her at 3h. 58m. 50?. The breeze at this time blew in strong squalls, which brought the Thelma along in go*d style, she passing the flagbcat at 4h. L'ltn. 50s. Thus the Volunteer, sailed by Mr. S. T. Wilsoa, won. the sweepstake »f £75, beating the Thelma, in charge of her owner, by 2 minutes and 39 seconds over her allow ance of 20 minutes 21 seconds. Port Jackson Amateur Sailing Club; the third race for tie Mark Foy medals, over the Manly course. The entries and handicaps were: — Wild Wave, 22ft, F; A. Toope, 9 minutes ; Onr May, 22ft, 0\. Bradley, 9 minutes; Icogene, 22ft, H. Turner, 9 minutes ; Iverna, 22ft., R. Toombs, 9 minutes ; Tha Ghost, 24ft., A. Thomas, 8 minutes ; Massilia, 24ft, P. .Roberts, 6 minutes ; Violet, 24ft, W. Wilfrew,4| minutes; Cur Tom, 24ft, G. Parrett, 4£ minutes; Idatbea, 24ft, H. Beach, 4 minutes; Atlanta, 24ft, J. fiobznson, 3 minutes; Isadora. 24ft, J. Youag, 3 minutes ; Mantura, 24ft., C. Webb, scratch. At the time of starting, 3.15 p.m.. there was a nice steady easterly breeze, and this increased through out the afternooB. Iverna, Imogene, Our May, Wild Wave, The Ghost, Massilia, Our Tom, Violet, Atalanta, Isadora, and Mantura started, Iverna soon drew away from the other limit boats, and Wild Wave crossed Our May, the steamer T&nais; interfering with several of them. Our Tom was sailing well, and soon established a good position. Bounding Biad loy'e Head the order was— Iverna, Imogene, Our Tom, Massilia, Isndore, and Atalanta. Isadora with topsail set passed Massilia, but off Chowder the breeze freshened and blew very hard at times, and Isadora could not look at her sail, and Massilia led her again. Ihe former, however, took in the topsail and was Boon fourth boat. Our Tern was all the time gaining on the second beat Imogene, and nesting the Heads passed her; and Isadora and Massilia off Quarantine did likewise. After crossing the Heads Atalunta and Violet set their topsails. The times rounding the buey at Manly were :— Iverna, 4h. 22m. 48s. ; Our Tern, 4h. 23m. 33§. ; Isadora, 4h. 24m. 28b.; Massilia, 4h. 24m. 51s.; Imogene, 4b. 25m. 3s. ; Atalanta, 4h. 25m. 46s. ; Violet, 4h. 25m. 51s. : Mantura, 4h. 26m. 28s. ; The Ghost, ih. 27m. 11s. ; and Wild Wave. Atalanta here donned her topsail, and off Smedley's Point, with Violet, went in for a luffing match, which the former got the best of, but it allowed Mantura to come up on them and &«on pass Violet, and crossing the Heads Hantura passed Atalanta and Imogene, Atalanta also passing the latter boat. Our Tom was all the tiate gaining fast on I verm, and off South Reef was lead ing' boat, Isadore soon after taking second place, and Massilia third. IS' earing Shark Beach Mantura and Atalanta sent up their topsails, and Hearing the buoy the three leading boats set theirs. Bounding Shark Island Our Tom led Isadore by 17 seconds. Then followed Massilia, Iverna, Mantura, and Atalanta in the order named. Our Tom, oh. 13m. 32s.: Isadora, 5h. 13m. 54s. ; Masdlia, 5h. 14m. 39b. ; Mantura, 5a. 14m. 52s. ; Iverna, 5h. 15m. 21*. ; and Ata lanta, 5h. lGm. 12s. Our Tom, very well sailed by Mr. G. Parrett, therefore wins the medals and the first prize of £i by 22 seconds from Isadore, the latter taking second prize of £3, Maesilia third, £3, and Man tura fourth, £1. The steamer Admiral followed the race, well patronised, in charge of the hon. secretary, Mr. A. J. Speer; while Messrs. G. Hellings and T. li. Mulhall efueieted as starter and umpire respectirely. Neutral Bay Amateur Sailing Club ; the third race for ihe prize of 31 guineas presented by Major Bonnie. The entries, &c;, were : — Varuna, scratch ; Leone, 8 minutes ; Mulgoa, 8 minutes ; Xanthe, 9 minutes ; Sea Breeze, 9 minutes; Whaler, 11 minutes; Phryne, 16 minutes ; Ethel, 16 minutes ; Loreloi, 20 minutes; Happy 1 nought, 23 miauteB; Darien, 36 minutes. The course was as follows:— A flying start from an imagin ary line between P. J. 'S. S. Company's buoy and flag moored to the westward, thence round the Pile light (off Watson's Bay), leaving Clark and Shark Islands on port hand, thence back round Orient Company's buoy, thence round .Clark and Shark Islands, finishing over starting line ; leaving all marks on the port band. At 3.15 p.m. the boats were despatched to a good start, Xantho, Happy Thought, Varuna, .Mulgoa, Sea Breeze, and ' Myee being the only ones to put in an appearance, and i* this ordsr they crossed the line. Varuna soon took command, and on the stretch across to Clark Island opened -ut her lead: Mulgoa taking recoad place. Bounding Shark Island the order was— Varuna, Mulgoa, Sea Breeze, Xanthe, Happy Thought, snd Myee. The Pile light was rounded in the seme order, and in the jibe Xanthe capsized. When Bradley's Head was reached fquaresails were set for the run to the Orient buoy. All ttood across fur Cremome to escape the flood tide, the breeze at this time having lulled considerably. On rounding Shark Island squaresaile were ret fur the run home, Varuna nnd Happy Thought al?o sending up topsails. The finishing times were— Varcna, oh. 22m. lls. ; Mulgca, 6h. 29m. 30b.; -Sea Breeze, oh. 44m. Ss.: and Happy Thought, 5b. 54«. Thus Mulgoa beats Varunn by 41 seconds, and, having1 won the last race for this prize and secured third place in the first race, gains the most points, viz., 12, and secures Major Ronnie's prize. Varuna takes ihe first prize given by the club, and Happy Thought the second. The winner was very creditably handled by Mr. F. Robinson. Messr*. H. W. Uarey atd A. L. Johnston carried out the duties of starter and umpire, while the club steamer was in charge -of the hon. secretary, Mr. A. A. Nonhcote. Johnston's Bay Sailieg Club ; race for 16- foot dingies fer a. first prize, a trophy \ reseated by Mrs. A . F. Mundy, and a tecond prize of £1 given by the club. The dingies. entered -were as follows: — Our Own (W. Addi fon), Sophia (F. Deran), Our Bovs (G. Fletcher), and Sophie ( 1°. Leach) ; the course being from a flying start at 3. 15 p.m. from the starter's boat in Johnston's Bay down to and round Fort Denison, thence round the hulk Golden South and Fort DeniFon ani back to the flagship Mooied in Johnston's Bay. The order crossing the line was Our Boys, Sophie, Sophia, and Our Own ; the la'ter, although lost away, was well to windward. All the boats worked the Balmain chore down to Peacock's Poiat. Our Own, before opening out, had worked rif^ht through the fleet, while the Sophia was on almost equal terms wirh the Sophie, the wind being stronger. Sophia, which curried a smaller suit of rail than ber rival*, parsed both Sophie and Our Boys. The order rounding the Fort was Our Own, Sophia, Our 13oys, and Sophie. Just before reaching Moore's Wharf a heavy puff struck Our Boys and cap sized her. The Sophia very nearly came to grief in this squall. The boats came on a wind as follows: — Our Own, at 4h. 15m. 30s. ; Sophia, at 4b. 17m. 31p. ; and Sophie, at 4h. 23m. 50s. ; the tatter's chance of a place being very small, she retired, leaving Our Own and Sophia to' tight it ou*. Our Own extended her lead over the rest of the course, and the fiagboat was passed by her at 5h. 14m. 40s., the Satphia following 'at ah. 20m. 10s. Thus the Our Own, sailed by Tom Cole brook, wins the trophy, beatiag the Sophia fey 5 minutes 30 seconds, which takes the second prize. The latter was sailed by Mr. W. M. Cameron. Balmain Sailing Club ; race for all beats over the following .course:— A flying start from ^ hite Horse Point, round Fort Deniron, Ijsck round starter's boat, thence ronni Fort Denison, and back to fiagbeat off Wliite Howe Pt-int- Ihe entries were — Adelphi, 24ft., M. A. H. Fitzbardinge, scratch; Acme, 22ft., H. Lees, 4 minutes ; and 1'byilis, 2oft, H. Yeend, 4 minute*. At 3.30 p.m. the. beat 8 were sent away with a nice S.E. breeze, all going off on the port tack and standing towards Cockatoo, Phyllis going to the front From here all on the starboard tack came across to the Balmain store, t hyllia helcing a lead of a few lengths from Adelphi, the latter being about the same distance ahead of Acme. They worked the soutiern shore down to Fort Denifon, which was rounded first by Phyllis, followed - by Adelphi and Acme in the order named. SquaresfiilH wore set for the run hack. Adelphi gained on the leader, while Acme improved her position and they- rounded tha flagfcoat as follows: — Phyllis, 4h. low. 3s. ; Adelphi, 4h. 15m. lOf. ; and Acme, Hl. 15s. 25m. Phyllis maintained her lead ihrougkout the remainder of -the course, 'and tbev finished as follows:— Phyllis, 6W. 17m.; Ade!{,hi,f-h. 17m. 30s. ; Acme, 6b. 18m. 36p. Phyllis therefore wins without her time ftom Adelphi, and Acme oh time allowance takes sreend rlecfl. Messrs. G. Trouton and G. Ellis carried out the duties of starter and umpire. A meeting of the Nentral Bay Amateur Soiling Club was held on ToeKlay evening at Aarocs' Exchange, when it was decided to alter the dates of the i next tires races to March 21, April 11. and April 18 ! respectively. Dr, Baldwin end. Messrs, Aimitage, Evans, and Geddes were elected members of the club, and Mr. A. Bennett's Xarifa, 24ft,, was entered on the club's register. The Balmain Sailing Clui has decided to alter the date of the third rare for the commodore's trophy from March 28 (Easter Saturdav) to April 4. 