SATURDAY, OCTOBER 31 , 1893 A fairly broad stream of liglit has been let in upon the iatentioos of tlie Metropolitan Board of Works with regard to tbe sewage scheme, by tbe speeches of Commissioners Muntz, Eiddell, and Mooek. Tbe pity is that tbe affectation of secrecy which possessed the sewerage committee should have been perserved until the Press forced upon the constituents of tho board tlio necessity for making their representatives doclarc tho in tentions of that body. Wo unhesitat ingly say that unless an entirely different spirit is shown by the members, unless they are prepared to abandon sccrccy and to perform their duties in the board light of day, their names will one by one be scored off, and they will be cast out into oblivion. The reason given for the secrecy, on tbe face of it, is absurd. It wag dimply thatjjus aboard had not received Sir. ISfibursiDE'e price for land at Werribce, which it ib d eflirod, ^ jaoquire for the purpose of aj^i^ev iaciii. And we understand that members were mak ing a pretence ol adopting the Bream Creek scheme, lest Air. Chirkside should demand too large a figure for the land to be acquired. But it is hardly likely that Mr. Chirkside would be misled by such a specious pretest The truth appears to be that the board dallied with that pet project of it® chairman as long as it possibly could, and now seoks to cover its inglorious retreat by pretending that it was simply a strategic move ment. But beyond this it is absolutely impossible to understand why any negotiations for the purchase of land at the Werriboe should interfere with the publication of the reasons for the proposed modifications of Mr. Man serge's scheme. It is almost a foregone conclusion now that those modifications will be adopted. Cr. Moobb made one or two good points at St. Hilda on Monday when he pointed out that the exclusion of storm waters from the sewers would keep the fiow of water in them at a normal heigbt, whereas by taking in storm waters the sewers would be for tho time filled, and the water falling back again after the storm would leave the whole of the interior covered with a deposit of sewage resulting in that unwholesome product, sewerage gas. Yet the members of the board must | not suppose thatthc public will swallow I blindly any recommendations put ' forward by the sewerage committee without very full explanations backed up by professional opinion. We suppose there never was in Victoria a proposal involving the expenditure of millions of money in which the details of the scheme were so studiously kept secret, and in which every vicious principle of starchamberism was so pronouncedly developed. With the next meeting of the board we trust to see the unneces sary and misleading affectation of mystery swept aside for ail time. Thebe is apparently no limit to the field of municipal action. It seems to include city cleansing and the higher national politics. No subject is too petty, no height too dizzy, for the local magnate. Most bodies politic are bound by traditions, and limited to defined spheres of action, but the city | corporation is built upon the pedestal I of dignity. Xow, it strikes au attitude and dictates protests and hurls at the nation its civic bull; then, it looks down magnanimously at the humble citizen and chides and punishes for the general weal the poor tradesman who hangs colonial boots upon the lintel. Yester day our fathers viewed with alarm the drapery overhanging the footpath ; to-day it views with equal alarm the tendency of recent legislation to dis franchise property ! Such, however, is Cr. Skinkeb's notice of motion. Nearly every shire council in the colony has had a discussion ou tins subject. It is one of great moment, to all appearances; | but whereiu lies the weight of such a protest? Councillors are property holders and the representatives of that class; they are sent to the chamber by the influence of the two and three votes excrciscd on a property valuation ; and the very fact of the existence of a muni cipal corporation so based is a standing protest against the withdrawal of any such political privilege. In any ward the influence of tho plural votes is bound to secure repre sentation, and from that very fact any couucil must support the principle for the creation of a higher office that is ncccssary to the individual in a lower. Is this motion then, besides being superfluous, impolitic ? Wc would not risk a denial. But why show alarm P Is it not the essential ethic of politics to discount alarm in public, and to guard against it by silent work ? Fear is the destroying element in a fight. What can weaken a party more than funk P We would compare the effect of this expression of anxiety, if passed by the council, and wc doubt not it would be reassuring to the single vote party, with a declaration that the Prah ran council has confidence in the Legislature that they will do nothing to interfere with the rights of man. Many a party has pulled through troublous times by assuming a bold front, white quietly under a face of confidence rallying its forces. To express alarm i6 to play into the hands , of one's opponents. What is this tendency of recent legislation ? To give each man one vote. What was the tendency of Mr. L. L» Smith's amendment P To give | every worldngman who Tented a I cottage two votes instead of one. ! While disfavoring any interference with the the- present system we must confess that if there is any cause of anxiety from the working classes that amendment would have sounded tho key-note of alarm. The Conservative party hang their whole happiness on the 'Good old English constitution.' How, indeed* should; they rejoice when they think that from; 1420 to. 1832 the English Parliament, was composed of representatives from the counties and cities, the franchise of tho former being^^Miipd^-on property qualifications ; whil&|$n the fatter the right was given fo every resident inhabitant who contributed to the local taxes. The only material addition to this during the nineteenth oentury was manhood suffrage— thus, to all intents and purposes introducing the much dread cd one man one vote principle. HViv flion is the tendencv of rcccnt - legislation so alarming P If under such conditions for upwards of half a century the old traditions have been so well conserved, why all this anxiety P Tho movement has only a superficial air of danger and its worst aspect is the timidity of those who have raised A &lsc; alarm. After all, it is but politics, mnd when Cr. Pkinneb and the nervous councillors recover from their alarm they will see that there is little wrong and that as man will always conserve Lis own rights the rights of man must go hand in hand with tbe rights of property. Our Gallery of Portraits this week includes a likeness which very few persona in Prahran will fail to recognise. The features of Mr. Edward Bule, who for S2 years carried on business as a grocer at or near the intersection of Chapel and High streets, and who now runs a large furniture warehouse in the latter street, arc well known throughout the city, and the sketch of his life will, therefore, be perused with unwonted interest. Next Tuesday being a public holiday, which our staff is anxious to avail itself of to witness the great cup carnival and otherwise enjoy itself, wc have decided to withhold the usual Wednesday^ publication of this journal. The issue of Saturday will, however, be a specially interesting one, and will in some measure make up for tbe disappointment ot Wednesday, Wc feel sure our readers will not begrudge our employes the short respite from lAbour which the holiday will give. Elsewhere in tiiis issue will be found a very interesting chat with Ex-Gr. Barker of St. Kilda, who has recently returned from a two years' trip to England and 6outh Africa. Of the latter county he speaks in very high terms as regards its natural pro ductiveness, though he contrasts the laziness of the Boers, who form a large section of the population, and under whose government the Transvaal now is, with the energy of Australians. Mr. Barker will in the course of a month oi two again leave on a lengthened voyage. The political situation and distribution ot tbe flood rcUcf fund engrossed the atten tion of out staff of leader writers in last Wednesday^ issue ; while ' Figaro the ?Second,' who now seems to have settled down in tbe Barber's Shop as comfortably as his predecessor, chatted both wisely and well on some ot the trade secrets and other matters of local interest. Some more tall yarns were told by the leader of the expedi tion at present exploring the Esplanade country in the interests of this paper ; and an interview with Cr. John Watson, of Prahran, respecting the action against him in tbe County Court, will be found interest ing reading. Our 6ports and literary columns were unusually full, and the Editor^ Puzzle-box contained the solutions to tbe puzzles in a previous issue. There was a batch, of reports from the St. Hilda council ; topicalsand pars pithily pat : and a large variety of selected matters. All through you wouldn't find 6uch another pennyworth in the suburbs of Melbourne. Next Monday's meeting of the Prahran council will be of more than ordinary interest, as we understand that several councillors are burning the midnight oil in the preparation of addresses on the ques tion of the one man one vote at thi6 important juncture. There is a pretty fair amount of bu6ine& to be tint transacted and the probability is that our budding statesmen will adjourn for tea before they take so large an order In the way of debate. The St. Kilda bench yesterday was composed of the mayor and Messrs. Bamct, Connibcrc, and Moore. Two lads were fined half-a-crown each with os. costs for - throwing 6tones, and as William Collins* ! chargcd with insulting behavior in the ' Albert Park, did not appear, a warrant | was ordered to be issued for his arrest. The cusc against Ernest Edwards, better known as Edward Corncy, for breaking into the dwelling of the lie v. John Kali, at Balaclava, was partly heard and adjourned for a week. . Tuece is a decided feeling among the councillors of St. Kilda. that the town clerk, Mr. John N. Browne, who is now suffering from an attack of inllucn£a| should take a substantial holiday in order to recruit his health. During ten years Mr. Browne has only bad one week's holiday, and for weeks recently he struggled against the influenza, and stuck to his post : before yielding to it. The difficulty in Mr. Brownc'6 taking a holiday is that he brings to his work so much conscientiousness, and : 60 identifies himself with it, that it is a i question whether he would not be nervously unhappy away from it. How- 1 ever, it is to be hoped that that gentleman | will sec the propriety of taking a brief, ! but well deserved, rest. ' A Visiting Cleegyman ' writes ' As a visitor to your cit}r, and having no acquaintances here 1 have had occasion to fall back upon the resources of your excel lent public libra ly at Prabran for many a pleasant evening, and beg to acknowledge my indebtedness to that institution during the past few weeks. As one who has taken a life-long interest in such institutions, and feeling myself competent to speak of their merits, I desire to congra ulate the management and the citizens generally npon the high state of proficiency noticeable.' [We publish this ' tcsti monial ' with very great pleasure. — Ed.] The dramatic clubs of this district have been numerous, and it was but in the ordinary sequence of events that some of them should decline aB their member* became absorbed in others. Among ftiese is the popular Thespian Dramatic Club, which has decided to quit the stage of life, most of its members being already attached to different dramatic and musical organisa tions. We certainly regret to see. any sodpty 'shuffle off this mortal coil,' but realise that union is better than division. In giving up tbe ghost' the Thespians have performed a very graceful act by offering the whole of their proscenium gratuitously to the Prahran council for erection in the old town hall. The acceptance of this offer wonld bo very acceptable to other local clubs using the hall, who have now to spend a day and a half at a cost of about £3 in preparing the stage for a performance. If the council should docide to' accept the offer it may be suggested that in permanently fixing the proscenium they should allow as much room as possible at the rear, the accommo dation being cramped. The Amending Local Government Bill has passed through the Assembly, and not withstanding the fight which the repre sentatives of tbe ' first class shires ' made —Sir Matthew Davies even stepping into | the arena of debate—the endowment i schedule went through unaltered. The j revenues of ' the Malvern and Caulficld j AN amusing, slander caseoccupied the attention of the County Court on Tuesday. The plaintiff was James Morrison, salesman, of South Melbourne, and the defendant! Mrs. C. A. Beveridge, Ghatsworlh-road, Prahran. Plaintiff was employed 'by H. It. Jones and Co., furnishing warehouse men, Chapel-street, with w*hom the de fendant did some bnainess 'in June last. . Tbe alleged slander was that defendant' bad spoken of plaintiff to a fellow employ^ as a Swindler, and said that if he tried any game on with - her he would find ^hc had made a mistake, for she knew his character. On a subsequent occasion she was alleged to have repeated that hu was a swindler, and that the firm he was' working for was losing money by him. Delendant, denied having used tbe words attributed to her, although she had made some remarks respecting the heavy, charges of the plain: tiffs Crm. 'Judgment wss given for tbe defendant. Mb. W. J. Lobbieb, of St. Kilda, who is an authority on the woollen industry and on woollen mills, writes to a contemporary expressing the opinion that a M'Kinlcy tariff, instead of being ' immoral,' is very much wanted in Victoria. Mr. Lormcr is an ardent protectionist, and says that, practic ally, the duty levied is no protection at all to woollen good6 of Victorian manufacture, and points out how the popular Gcclong tweeds were imitated in Yorkshire shoddy, and undersold the genuine article in our ! own markets. | Amongst the contributions found in the offertory plate at St. Matthew's Church, Prahran, on Sunday evening last, was a silver watch and chain which hai been deposited there in aid of the Hospital Sunday funds. Whatever prompted this peculiar display of charity is known only to the anonymous donor, and whether the Gcelong convention has anything to do with it it is hard to bay. Messrs. Gemmkll, Tuckett and Co., arc disposing of the valuable libiary of the late Bev. C. M. Yelland. Tbe catalogue comprises 10,000 volumes of rare literary works, and such a chance for bookworms to satisfy their literary wants seldom occurs. The sale commenced on Thursday last and will be continued to-day at 11 o'clock at the rooms of the auctioneers, 351 Collins street. THE pupils u Off-niglit ' concert in connection with the Prahran Working Men's Institute, to take place on Monday next at the new town hall, Prahran, pro mises to prove a success ; and certainly there arc two very good reasons why it should be so. In the first place, the institution is descrring of public support* especially just now when its funds arc low; and secondly, the entertainment provided is a good one, and of itself should draw a crowded bouse. Sir James MacBaiu has kindly consented to preside,- and the musical arrangements will be nndcr the direction of Mr. L. E. Wcichard, the popular conductor of tbe choral class, which has considerably improved since the last effort. Several popular vocalists* including Mr. Gladstone Wright, will assist on this occasion, and the programme is a varied and intcrcstiug one. Admission will be free, by ticket only, which can be obtained at this office, from Mr. J. N Cumming's news agency, or from tbe secretary. A collection will be made during the evening ia aid of the funds of the institute. Amongst the many succcssful organis ations conducted in connection with the work of St. George's Presbyterian Church* 1 at East St. Kilda, is that of the Baud of 1 Hope, in which the young people of the congregation evince a great interest. The meetings arc held monthly, wheu enjoyable programmes of harmony arc rendered, cbicfly by the young folks themselves; whilst homely lessons and advice in regard to temperance arc given by adults from lime to time. The meeting last Monday evening was well attended, and after a short and appropriate address by Mr. J. E. Fcrricn the superintendent of the Sunday- school, who is ever foremost in promoting the interests of the young folks, a capital programme was gone through, as follows:— Piano duet ' Osborne Quadrilles,' by Misses Qain and Woods ; vocal duct, ' Farewell, Life's Dream is O'er,' Misses Laverty and McLean; recitation, 'Cristmas Darling,' Master H. McCrindlc ; piano solo, ' Grand March,' Miss F. LilUe ; song, 'A Golden Lesson,' Miss Sims ; humorous recitation, Mr. E. Welch; piano duet'Spanish Danoe,' Misses Pearson and Fox ; recitation, 'Grandpa's Spectacles,1' by little Mis6 Mather ; piano duet, ' Pretty Bird Quad rilles,' the Misses McLaren ; a dialogue, ' The Attractive Young Lady,' by Messrs, Monro, H. Siddall, John Fcrricr, and J. Adams, concluding a most enjoyable even ing. Mr. David G. Ferrier presided at the | handsome piano and organ which the school I is the proud possessor of. I The congregation of the South Yarra Baptist Church has for some months past been without a pastor, and it is desired to remedy this drawback as soon as possible. At thcsaine time, it is recognised that none but a first-class man will meet the require ments of the church and the district ; and if successful in securing such, a bright future is anticipated. At present prayerful attention is being given to the question, and it is hoped that ere long the choice will fall upon one of tbe visiting clergymen who are filling the pulpit from week to. week, and that a round theological peg will be found to exactly fill the round hole that exists. To-morrow a celebrated preacher will take the services both morn ing and evening, in the person of the Bev. T.J. Malyon, LL.B., of Sydney, who, if he could be induced to make a change, would' prove an acquisition in local religious circles. A baddeath occurred this week through the too prevalent practiceof children playing on the bridge over the .railway at Grcriiie street, Prahran. A little child of seven; years of age ntmed Josephine Schiller was, with her two sisters, jumping off the steps of the bridge on Tuesday evening And jumped off the four lower ones, when she fell forward on her head. She was picked up and carried into the shop of Mr. Mollcy* chemist, and was thence removed .to the residence of her parents in Princcs-Btrcet* Dr. Bamsayattcndcd the child who lingered two day s^nd -Ucd on. Thursday morning from the effects of the fall. Mr. Witt, J.P.] held a magisterial enquiry and returned a verdict in accordaucc with the evidence. ; AN exciting chose after a thief toot place in Chapel-street, Prsliran, on Thnrs« day evening. A man named Frederick Malcolm annexed a sail of clothes valued at £2 Gs. from the shop door of Mr. W. G. Holland, draper. The alarm was given and the man bolted ; but Constable McCarthy, who is longof Jcgand something of an athlete, gave chase, and after an oxciting ran, got -his quarry to earth, Malcolm was brought before the court 