THE OLD STORY. "It ÍB {or the bat time.".ehe whispered. Dumbly eyes told eyes this wa«,the truth. Always inevitable, it hadaome at last After to-night there was to bo no future in common. As yet neither has said the word that each is thinking of. "Good-bye!" A little word to hold so much of pain. "To forget!" A Bhort sentence to illustrate the impossible. "Not yet !',', A prayer for reprieve. "The end I" A'futnreless hour which embraces Fast and Present "The rose is dead," «aya he, as a shower of petals fell at his feet. Mechanically removing the broken stem from his button- hole, he added-"and-the word is said," " It has been a most sweet chapter in our lives," said' ehe, with downcast eyes. "T would nothave missed it," replied he-"thoueb we may never add-" "To be continued." And a tear stole softly over her cheek. Bach had lingered, loth to turn the last torn leaf. Soon nothing would bc left of what had been all, . Alas I That the books of men's lives should bc writteu in the sand, and that the tides of years leave .notieven a trace. A strange emptiness fills all the, night. Other nights shalt come ghost-haunted. Ghosts of inscrutable glances^-of sweet replies to old immortal questionings. She stands beside him ; her lips quivering with agony suffered for his sake. His eyes are filled with pitying tears for two broken lives-their own.. Alas 1 for ' the. happy, foolish; fugitive hours they had owned in .common. Alas ! for the nights brimming with happy silences under the stars. The shaded lamp is burning out The hour has come. Words are -poor things. " Did I bring my cane!" And his trembling hand reaches into à shady corner. " Yes ; here it is," replied ehe. "Goodnight." "Good- night" Each knows that it is a good bye. A caress. A sigh. A «ob. The door closes. His rapid footsteps are speedily lost to her ear. Yes, it ia over. The cU^eis «wallows him from eight. A murky ttM. - fie is light- ing his cigarrette. And «he t She slowly rearranges her ruffled bang« as she murmurs, with a yawn. " I wonder what time he'll come up to- morrow night !" They have bid each other an eternal farewell before; 