A IHAUJ 't'DI) MAN. Br ABMrBD 8. Bumao. I commenced life as clerk to a firm of well Iknown couuntry selice or, with the hope that I might -ono day be articled end get through any "eotlm.,".and start on moy own account. In those days lawyer's clerks were permitted to appearbefore the magistrates in trivial cases, and ny face soon beeame pretty well known at the police-court of --. I must decline to give the name of the place and the name of the principal character of this at try, for many and obvious reasons-one being that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the feelings of any rela tive he may have left behind. Measrs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, ,were entrusted with many criminal cases-in deed half the briefs during session and assize times ?ere prepared by them. It was part of my dletp to take down the preliminary state. mnonts of prosecutors and defendauts, and to fish out cases to bhe cited either in support or extenuation of the various offences. Mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a tearful woman who had ecraped up a little money to defend an erring son (a remark of one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind-"' Ah, sir," she said, "when that lad was young, he wearied my aria, anti now he hlas broken my heart"); at others I had to takeo'otes from the. rasping voice of some bullet-headed, frowning rascal who expected a "stretch," but wished it to be as short as possible. The corn and cattle market day at N was always a busy one. People poured into the city from all parts of the county, and' gave us plhnty to think about and do at the office. Parche and Ferritt departed in company as early aspossible for the aside to recruit their mental and physt t lstet4eth .:theu.ior clerks went their Eeveril wayse, :and a, who se duty it was to lock up the oftice, and see that all was well. remained behind to work out some kiotty point on the.law of trespass, which was then bothering my mind. Th-- e desks were surrounded with green p curtains, hung upon rings, so as to be movedi one way or the other, and I was poring over a law book, when I thought I heard the rings jingle slightly. Iput the sound down to the effect of a cUr. rent of air, as no footfall had announced that anybody had entered the office, and I did not even take the trouble to raise my head. But suddenly I started as a voice said : " I beg our pardon; can I have a few words with you r" Looking up, I saw the face of an aged and grey-haired m:an. The gablight shone full upon his features, and Inoticed that the muscles were moving as if the man had either been running, or suffered.from chronic shortness of breath. "It io very late," I replied, "Messrs. Parche and F-rritt have left, but they will behereearly on 3hlnday morning.. Is the business you have cmee uponi of a very pressing nature?" ` N ot so much, you might.think ; and if I had .-'ritten a note, it would have answered the -same purpose. Yet"-he hesitated forei moment-'t yet I should like to say what I have to say, now, and have done with it." "' Come round," I said, " and' sit down; you look fatigued. Why," I added, as the whole of his 'figure caume within view, " it is lMr. Herrard;T but I am sure I did not recog. nieeyou. I sippose I must b:omethe'gaslight for that,' :My Bisitor was a well-known man at N--, and he had no common sorrow to bear. Some sixteen years previous his wife had left him in a mysterious manner, and lhad never been since heard of. Irerrard published her description in all the London and local papers, but in vain, and the supposed basely- deceivel bus. band became an object of sympathy. His friends told 'himn that he ought to be thankful that there were no children to bear the disgrace of their mother's shame. But as time went on the affa:r was forgotten,' and Willi'm flerrard, it retired jeweller, moved about, receiv:ng no more thought cr attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed.man gets in a busy place. - " I am not much changed either," he said, forcing a smile to his thin lips. " I want to make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon day." . ' Where?-bhere, or at your own residence?" I asked. "I have business to do at the police-court," hereplied, " and you will find me there. You need not trouble to ask either of your governors to come, as you can take down the statement I have to makeo. Did you ever read this book f" lie put it down on the desk-dropped it, in fact; and glancing at the gaudily-illustrated work,.I read the title, " 3lurler Will Out." " No," I rellied; "I had little time to read novels. I wish I had. What are you peeping round the screen for? There is nothing there. Perhaps yon feel a draught, end if so, draw your chair a little further round." "I thought I saw"- ie hesitated, and then, wrenching the chair on one a:de; "I am getting old and foolish, I think. Of course it as only fancy. I suppose you don't believe in ghost?" . "Not I," I res londed, laughing, ard vet j ,:1,eeltng's,.llttle uncomtortabl,, without tknowLeg why; "and I nm sure you have lived long enough to be of the same opinion." "There's something about a ghost' in that book," he said, tapping it with his forefinger. -" I will leave it for you, as I have read it through. ' There are many interesting passages in it, and it proves beyonda doubt that the con science of a guilty man will raise apparitions befpre his eyes. I have turned down one par-. licular leaf. Good-night. and don't forget Mon day morning-eleven o'clock, sharp. Heaving been a busy man, I am very particular about appointments. Could you "-again be hesitated in the manner which I had marked as'peculiar -" give me a glass of water ?" There was a carafe in the waiting-room, and I hurried to fetch it from the table. " The oi3r was in darktiesi,;ii-pd, as I turned, I saw.Williiim Herrard gliding round the desk, and thought that be was cowing to meet me. Biht his eyes had a strained and far-away ex pression, and his lips were moving, as though addressid somenSldr. - "Mr. Ilerrard," 1 said, sharply,, as I con. fronted him, glass in hand.' " you are not quite yourself to-night, and I advise you to go aaomQ." He swept his hand across his brow as he looked at me, and 1 saw that his face was damp with clammy perspiration. ,Cone," I addei, "you must have had something to upset you to day, or you would not behavelike this. I begin to think that you must have been too long in the company of some of your old friends, the farmers." "Perhaps-very likely," he muttered, taking the glass and emptying it greedily; " but I know what I am alout and what 1 am saying. Mind. eleven o'clock on Monday morning, sharp -ond you e trill be there too." - " Humph !" thought I, as I went back to the desk, "Herrard's been worshipping Bacchus to-day. Dother the man! he has quiteput me off my work." ' And neither work nor read could I, though i atrove my hardest to do so. The words swam under my eyes: when I picked up a pen it slipped from my fingers, and I caught ryself at the trick of glancing sp at the curtain, er-x. pecing not to see the faceof IHerrard there, butanother's. Out of pa'ience with myself, I flung " Murder Will Out ' under the desk, tucked my law.books and papers under my arm, and went home, thinking that Ishould getalong better after tea and a nap. But I grew worse instead of better. Ipaced the room and fidgelted about until I thought that I was going to be ill. The ticking of the clock annoycd me, and I stopped it. Tho eyes of the portrait of some relation of my Inndllady's eeemned to follow me about, until 1 had to restrain mryself from smashingit : and at last I put on my hat, determined to go to the theatre and shake off the unaccountable sensations which a?sailed me. The piecowas of the gloomiest character, per formed by unhappy.looking men and women, who seemed determined to put the worst con astruction on the parts allotted to them. The leading tragedian, a stage villain of the worst Sdegree, revelled in the horrors he had to com mit; the despairing heroine shrieked with realistie terror; and even the inevitable low comedian had something blood-curdlilng to At the end of the second act I went out, din apirited and diasgusted, calling myself a foolfor not having noticed that the playbill anniounced " The Hangmen of Toulon," and passet into a supper room, where I hoped to meet wi-h somebedy.I knew who would cheer me up with a chat. I called fcr a steak. which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and good enough, but to my palate was as bitter as gall. rebple came and went, but none of my ac . u?ntanees. Melancholy had claimed me for ite own, ansd I went home the most miserable and dejected man within the city walls. I asked *myself the reason a hundred times, but could find no solution to the question: and asin bed I tossed and tumbled, I cursed Hierrard, his appointment with me, his fancies, and the book he had brought to the office. " But I am the greatest idiot," I said. " If I were a child with reme tragic story fresh in my mind, I might behave myself like this; hut Tl who have seen the beamy side of I fo in al most every phase, and taken everything as a matter of course, ought to have say head punched." Then there arose before me many a form and face I had seen standing in the dock. Sullen murderers, felons with crimhne stamped upon their brows. women shricking for mercy, women fainting in the arms o-.the warders, mere lads clinging to the rail and panting like dogs as juries returned from their deliberations, and criminalsso familiar, ala.s, with the routine of prison life that they heard their seltentcs unmoved, and went to their punishmtent with as little emotion as honest folk go to their daily toill But foremost of allthese forms.was tlhat of William Herrard. It stood outfrom the rest, and refused to be dismiseed. There it was, ever preesingita way to the front, now near the. window, now near the dwer, and then leaning over thebed-rail and regardiug mepensively. -1 believe that I should have gone mad itf I had lain in bed throughout that awful night. I cos about two in the morning, lighted the asdles, and, taking up a book, forced myself o read until the sun dispersed the shadows of Ih night, and awoke all nature to life and etivity. With the freshening breeze the owers shook the dewdrops from their drooping hads, anId the birds sang so blithely that I aelled myself doubly a fool for allowing fancies to oppress me. "' he fact is," said I, as I splashed about like a porpoise in my " tub," " I must get out of the place for to-day at least. A long ramble sn the seashore will do the trick, and make a now man of me." Dressed again, and after a somewhat hurried breakfast, I took the first train to Y-. The carriages were crowded with jaded folks, who drank in the pure country air as if it were nectar; and when at last tho journey came to an end, it was a treat to see the happy faces of the people as they made for the long stretch of golden strand, which was for ever re-echoing the unceasing voice of the ocean. I had not gone far before I descried the figure of a man a long way ahead on a deserted por tion of the beach. He stood out in bold, sil houetto relief against the deep-blue sky, and though he was tully half a mile from 'me, I could see that he was walking restlessly up and down, with his head bowed, and his arms hang ing listlesely at his side. I put him down to be a convalescent who preferred solitude to the society of pleasure seekers; but suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot describe-the man was no other than William Horrard ! It was, to say the least, a strange coincidence that I should find him here; but he did not seem to think so, for, seeing me, he advanced quietly until we stood face to face. "1 came down.by the midnight train,".he said, quietly, "and I have been waiting for you here. I knew that I would see you." "You knew that you would see me?" I gasped. '" Yes, I dreamt it. I saw you coming to meet me as plainly as I nee you new that you" are here. 1 don't think you could have kept ,away had you tried." i Well,' said1, laughing In spite of myself, "all I can tell you' is that it was not until five o'clock this morning that 1- made up my mind to go anywhere." "That may be so," he returned, "but fate is fate, and it is not in the power of man tosecape from his destiny even in trivial things. I have no wish to'detain you-indeed I wish to be alone. Under any other circumstances I would ask you to dine with mre, but you would not care to think you had sat at the same table with me, and you will know the reason why to.morrow." I was more convinced than ever that thepoor old man was going out of his mind, and did not care to leave him, as I caught him looking at the sea in a maniner that suggested to my mind that the temptation need not be great to make him plunge headlonginto the billows. " You had better come with me," I said. "Lower down the beach there are plenty of faces familiar to you. And I tell you what it is," I blurted out, "you ought to sne a doctor, and not go prowling about away from every 'body as if you had committed a murder." He put out his hand as if to clutch my wrist, but turned uposn his heel and walked swiftly away, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the I wished now from the.bottom of my heart that I had not set foot in Y- -, and, as for William Herrard, I muttered -eome unkind things about him as I returned to the busy part of the beach and shook off the chagrin I felt by making some casuntl ?qluaintances, and die cussing the ordinary topics of the day. Night found me back at N- , and, let me confess it, the wretched hours I had previously spent caused me to put on an additional night. cap, in the form of a stiff glass of whisky and water. My slumber was dreamless and sound, and I awoke in better spirits and with a lighter heart. I had not been long at the oflice before I re ceived a telegram from my employers, stating. that they would not put in an appearance until noontide, and requesting me to look after enndry little matters within reach of my legal knowledge. At half.past 10 I put some papers together with the view of calling upon another solicitor on the way to the Guildhall. As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper order, the door opened noisily, and in walked Inspector Atkins. " I have just stepped down," he said, "to say that William Herrard wishes to see you at once." " Afr. Herrard," I replied. with emphasis on the prefix, "has already made an appointment with me for I1 o'clock." " I beg your pardon, sir," he said, " but we generally call prisoners by their names only." "Prisoners!" The papers fell in a disordered heap upon the floor. " Yes, sir. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, asa he stands charged, on his own con fession, with having murdered his wife sixteen years ago on this very date." " Oh, nonsense !" said 1. " Mr. Herrard is not himself.. He called here on Saturday even ing, and I saw him at Y- yesterday, and on ,bth occasionsLwas struck by the strangeness of his Eusnner. I tt,lntr ?rrM-.-exsnsuteat -a medical man had better see him instead of myself." " I am only obeying .orders," :the inspector replied, "and, of course, you will do as you please with regard to seeing him. He spoke rationally enough when he came to the station, but said that he desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative of his legal advisers." ..... " Very well." I said. " I suppose I must humour him. though he is mad beyond a doubt. Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old man's delusions may cause him to fly into a frenzy, and I have no desire to be seized by the throat, or any thing of that kind. I will go with you st once, and get-this 'disagreeable job over." Inspector Atkins smiled at my request. as I was a broad-shouldered, strong young fellow who had held my own in boxing, boating, and swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on the way to the station, where I asked to see William Herrard's confession. It was simple enosugh, taken down'at his own dictation, and ran as follows :-" I, William Herrard, of S-- street, N--, do hereby de clare that on the morning of Monday, 20th July, 18i--, I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed' I have known neither rest nor peace of mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) WY.LLI.~AMr tIIstnn." "There," said I, pointing to the last words of the confession, "it does not need a wisehead to tell that the unfortunate man is not in a proper slate of mind. He, Mr. Herrard, commit murder! The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When I was quite a boy, I renmember Mrs. Herrard, aind she was very kind to me; but I fear that the reports which were circllated about her were onlty too true. Well"-sighing-" let me see him. The chief constable had been hastly sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to the celL This dim light struggling through a small barred window near the ceilins fell upont Wtlliam Herrard. Hoe hind asked to be supplied with writing materials and a small table, end he was so busy with the tpes that he seemed nnatware of my presence until the chief colrstable informed him of the fact. "Mr Hitchings." hie said, petulantly, " there is n sounding-board over the celldoor, and I wish it to be taken doewn. It is not fair that your men ishould have the opportunity of hear. isng the conversation which aill pass between this pentleman anld snyself." "You shall have your own way," the chief constael replied, "' lthough it is rather out of order." "Out of order, bn hm I intend to give instruc tions for my defetn re!" "' 0,, come," thought T. " this is better. He is coming round to his sesses, and has repented of hteis folly already." The sounding-board was lifted down from the chains which held it at nan'angle, and I was alone with the self-charged prisoner. "Are you sure," he said, "that nobody is loitesin about outside?" "Quite." I reltied, sitting down on a bench that ran along the wall and did duty for a bed. " I thoughtyou would have been e~tisfled with the removalof the souindinsg-hoard.'" "So I am," hie rcspondted, "but only to a certain extent. These officials have shatip are, and know how to use them. I have given ntyelf up, tut I am an old man, and although I wished to be punished for my crime, I should like it to bh reducedl to manslaughter. I did ntot start lifo as a had mana, and 1 don't want to be hanged like a dlog. Let me haven fewyears of repentance in somie place wriere I am payiing an extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me; I don't deserve to be free among hoonest men. Let them chain me, starve me if they will: but don'tlet them carry me to the scsffold. I am an old man, a very old man, and my punish. ment has been more than I can bear ussder the sunlight and amid the haunts of men." iHe buried his face in his hands for a few moments, and then riaing suddenly, went to the door and listened. "You think me mad,'" he continued, a he returned to the table, "and I have been mad: but I am sane now. If your eyes were open, as mine are, you would faint with honor at the sight that is before me." I.turned cold, shuddered, and glancing in. stinctively at the ior, wished myself well on the other side of itn " Ifenrietta anud I were ill-matched," h. resumed. '* We had not been married many months before I knitiw that shite loved the money I had slaved for, and not myself. " Her heart was in the keeping of another man, who left the country on the very day that I put the wedding ring on her finger. We had many quarrels, and during one she told me to my face that her friends had per uadcd her to marry me, tut that her life was a curse and'misery to her, since our union had driven the only man she aI.d cared for across the seas. "* I stoalstaring at her as she made this con fessisou, with every drop oft lood tinglinsg in my verns. I did not seak. my throat seemed to have closed up. iand I lreatled with somuch dilliolty that I know my foea was turning black, and that the veins upon my brow were standing out like w hipeord. "S'o,' I contrived to articulate at.last, 'you married me for my money, that I might help your poverty-stricken friends, that they night clothe and better themselves upon my gold ?' " ' Your money !' she cried, contemptuously. 'I hate it, and loathe the very food it buys. You shall see, William HIerrard, that I can be careful, and return to you. with full interest, such sums as you may think you have lent or given my people.' " She was as good as her word. Her first act was to dismiss the servant, her second to cut down expenses until we existed like people who live from haud to mouth. No luxury that I over brought home would she ever touch, and at last the gulf between us was so wide that we spoke to each other only when absolutely necessary. " It is a miserable story, and I ree by your face that you think it a contemptible one. So it is. But consider what it is for man and wife to be continually at variance with each other. Love flown, no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile of welcome. Heaven knows, it is a cruel wrong thatsuch people should ever meet. "Time went on. I absented myself some times for days together, going where sudden impulse prompted me, and praying that one or the other of us might die, for life was unbear. ab'e-cold, cruel, and hopeless. ' One day, after such a journey, I returned to my miserable house. I had a duplicate key; and after pausing in the garden to look at a well I had ordered to be bricked in, and which the menhad just commenced,I let myself in. "My wife was absent, and I thoughtthat she might have gone to her freinds, as she some times did, without consulting me. Suddenly my eyes were attracted to some fragments of paper lying in the grate, and for the want of something to do, I picked them up, and began putting them togetler, just as a little child will play aumlessly with the pieces of a puzzleitdoes not understanid. "By degrees I made out a word here and there, and then a line. The letter was from my wife's first sweetheart, and if ever a man saw red then, I was that man. I was drunk with madness and the thought of rsvenie. " I gloated over.the thought of meeting her, and I raved, shouted, and danced, I believe, in my delirirm. Night came, but Henrietta did not appear, and it was not until a late hour that I heard the garden gate open. I flew out of the house to meet her, and as we stood face to face, one bitter word escaped my lips. "'It is false!' she replied; 'the rman you speak of has taught me a lesson which I intend to take to the heart. You have not read the letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes from me; you look like a fiend!' "' And a fend you have made of me,' I said, seizing her by the throat. ' Though you have been no wife to me, you shall not make your self infamous with my paltry rival.' "'For love of the mercy that comes from heaven,' she cried, "let me speak. Don't kill me William! Dou't kill mel' "' Down there, and tell your lying story;' I hissed, pusehing her over the htink of the well. " I heard only one cry, foi I stopped my ears to the awful sounds which I kIew must follow, as the well was more than a hundred feet deep, and its decsyied" mtchinery had fallen into the blark:pit long before I took the house.. " Iran from the accursed ipot, followed by her spectre. I was mad, but calmly mad, and from that moment started making inquiries of her whom I had killed. First 1 went to her friend's house, and stenly demanded my wife. They told me she had started hours before, and I went to the police station - this very one-and mtode inquiries. The city wasecoumre'd through out the night, all the next day, and on the following one a dozen ndvertisements stated that it 'Henrietta Ilerrard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.' "This disarmed susp!cion, and thoueh the detectives visited my plae.', they never thought tit to examine the well. I showed one or two fragments of the letter from abroad, and they came to the conclusion that my wife had quitted the country. But the rest of the letter I kept. The tman schom I toulght I had crery reason to hate had written to say that he was himself married, and hoped that my wife can happUy tcilt "The workmen camoand bricked in thevwell. They wshistled and sang as they toiled, little dreaming of whatwas deep down, shut from their eyes. " From then to now I have led the life of a haunted man. Henrletta has always been at my side. She was with me when I ctdled at the office on Saturday night, with me when I stood on the lonely sea shore, aind she is here now. Lsok!--look ! As I speak she glides softly to my side, and beckons with a ghostly finger." I shuddered, end recoiled fr3m him as if I saw the mark of some loathsome plague upon his haggard face, and stammered out: ' "I have heard enough. What would you have us do-defend you." " Yea; because it was not murder. I killed her, it is true ; but, as I thonutlt, under the greatest provocation that a man can receive. W`hat's that ? Was it you.who said I lied ?" .Vftlim.-iHerrard :clufehed my wrist, and, glaring like a fiend into my face, held me astin a vice: " If I thought you would betrayme by word or deed." he hissed, " you -you should never leave this place alive. Do you;.hear I have suffered enough for my ain.. I hii.v been more .miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hanged like a dog." "Mr. Herratd," I replied, trying to speak calmly, "you must know perfectly well that solicitors or their representatives are in honour bound never to divulge a single word that a client may say or write. What have you been writing here it" He released me to pick up the papers, saying: A" I have been settling my worldly affairs, as I know that I cannot live long. See, its repara. tion for the asdfil mistake I made I have left everything to my dlead wife's relatives. Have I not done well'--is not that eufiucient? She does not think so. Her spirit will not go to its rest. It remains with me always--always always!" lie broke down, sobbing like a child, and I took the opportunity to say that it was time to gWilliam Herrard made no reply, and I rang the bell, and was glad enough to find myself in the clharge room again. "What do you make of your client?" the chief constable asked. " Md-undoubtedly mad," I replied. "It is a curious thing to say," M'r. Hitchings rejoined, "but for his owtn sake, I hope he is. We have known him so long as a quiet, respected man that-" I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sickat heart, and longed-for the sunlight aid the faersof busy people. Space will not allow me to describo the varous appearances of William Herrard and the romauds from week to week. "I killed my wife,"he said over and over again. On all else he was dumb, and so were tre. It is an estabb!ished fact that no man can be tried for tmurder unless the boly, or part thereof, of his victim comes to light, and is Identifled beyond dispute; ntd people. bnlfev. ing in Herrard's insaonity, fully believed that he would merely be put unider restraint for a short time, aid set at liberty again. Dut in the meantime the dletectives were putting their heada togethorand hard at work. Experienced men from London came dows,, and not a nicho or cranny of Iterard's premises was left un. noticed. The well wan opened, men descended by long ladders, and found the skeleton of a woman clothed in rotting rags, a brooch, and sundry other small articles. proving beyond doubt that Iferr.ird's confession was no mad uaun's story. IHe was committed for trial. The assires came on, and a retnowned Q.C. was engaged to ldefeid him: ibut all the arguments anld elo quence ii the world could i:ot aveR the wretched man. HIe was found guilty and condemned to death. Wtesn asked ii the usual form whether he had anything to say, hlie pointed to the well of the court. " Nothing, my lord," hie replied. " Imerely wish to say that the spirit of my wife has been sitting'at the ride of the prosecuting countsel, andl instructing him throughout the trial." I shall never forget the borified look on the barriste r's face as long as I live. lThe evening before the execution of William herrard arrived, and my feet were drawn to. w.rrds the eaol. A waggon laden with timber stood outside for the construction of the awful machine of ldeath, but the men in charge sat idly upon it, and whispered among each other. What had happencd? Had a reprieve arrived ? I was not kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder cameout, and, cnnwing me well. came up. "I am thankful to say sir," be said, "that tile ghastly task will be spared us to-morrow. It is no secret now. so I can speak without re serve. William Herrard is dead." "Committed suicide?" I ejaculated. "How could hecommit sumicde, sir, when he has been continually watched by two warders? He lay down to sleep, as they thought, this aftornoon, and when they tried to rotso him to take his evening meal, they found that he had gone from an earthly tribunal to the greatest and highest of all." My story, witlh all its faults is told. but I thave etdeavoured to tell it planly, and, how, ever the readers may condemn its construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. In a word, the story of "A Hautited Man" is a true one.-- 6.nly Btudegt. 