NOTES ON MY BEAT. Towards the close of this month the warriors of this and the central distriotx will be oalled upon to attend tbe usual Lytton Camp agony. Aa we have a Defence Force, nothing but a mere Imita tion of mllitarylsm, I suppose that large musters of men must tike place from time to time. But tbe Injustice comes In tbat while the men are made to trave1 from Rookhampton and Maryborough to Brisbane, aud bave tbe pleasure of pre senting the Queen's etreet storekeepers with good fat cheques year by year, there is no thought of cehtnlixiog the mighty host at a suitable spot near Maryborough or near Rookhampton. It is of course a very gross way to look at matters, but my readers may be nssured that the store keepers of Brisbane are very keenly alive to orovldlnir for tbe wants and pleasures of a few thousand men for a week or so. It is h-rd to SBy what the Lytton encamp ment costs tho country from first to last, hut it must be at tea?t £10,090, and f -r all this annual expenditure on tbe hallowed shores of the costly Brisbane River, we may feel quite sure that if ever bii euemlea fleet does enter Moretot Biy It will not pause very Ion* before passing tbe tremendous defences around martial Lytton. After would it b? such a dreadful thiug if Brisbane were sacked and demolished oft the face of earth ? The colony at large could easily spare about a thounnd'of its lending political and mercantile shark*, and might commnuce afresh with a c niital iu a more central position, aud thus obvitte separation. When we come to look nt It properly, really the plundering and burn ing of Brisbane would be the best thiue that could happen for us, more esp-nUlly ifthe House was sitting, and the mem bers could not get away. * * ' * * * THEstrlkeof the shearers Heemn to have come to an eud, though how lo put a proper finality to it skeins the difficulty. The fault lies entirely with tie Gove.u rnout. Having by massing police, mounted infantry, and artillery, on the scene of expectcd action, committed themselves to a policy or wholly putting an end to intimidatiou, tbey should never bave altered their course for an lustaut, but in order to end the affair made tbe shearers disarm, and ordered tbem to disperse, A week's patrolliug would bave doue the rest as far as tbs strike is concerned. But there is something more at tbe bottom of tbis bluuder, and that is, tbe mistake of ordering the military out at all. Tbe whole affair should bave been treated on a civil basis, and tbe police aioue should have bad tbe conduct o eettling .matters. Tbe theatrical Intro duction of getting guns and nine pounders, with per'mauent artillery at tbelr back, bas projected a possibly un seemly riot into a ghost of a civil war, not tbe less irritating to tbe men oa accouut of its belDg a futile affair. Sup posing tbere were luuil rampant uiooi thirsty shearers armed to tbe teeth, surely acoupleofhundreddrilledpolioeineucould put tbem to tbe right about, but us tbe men are in reality very sparely armed, and bave no light I u tbem at al I, surely the presence ot the military was uuueoessary. It la suggested tbat had tbe guns, etc., not arrived on tbe scene a sometbing dreadful would bave followed, but tbere had been long before the arrival of these field pieces quite enough police to keep order. Tbe withdrawal of tbe military at tbe present time would have a good effect. ***** The uubapplest quadruped in Mary borough just oow is tbe common house hold goat. These animals may not be a familiar one to moBt of my readers, but the latter (not tbe goats) will take my word for it tbat tbe former (aud not the readers) are of agenusof ruminantquadru peds of tbe family aapridas. The o apra hirous or common goat can be seen ou rare occasions In tbe desert wilds of New towo and tbe Natural Paddock. It lives cblefly on the producte of neighbours gardens, and inspectors of nuiaanevi a one-time, natural foe, which it has now completely subdued. However, to come back to tbe change 4q the spirit of tbe goat's dream, one bas only to mention tbe recent visit of tbe Wild West Sbow. Since tbeu a natural enemy to tbe gnat bas arisen io tbe 'small boy.' Calves get a rather bad time of It by being ridden, but tbe poor goat is laseooed three deep every minute of Its life, and is torn and dragged about by iiuudreds of willing email hands in all directions. But if tbe goat baB a bad time of It uoder tbe new mania, what about tbe small boy (or the smallest) himself. Tbe banging of tbo borse tblef, wbo was lassooed and dragged to tbe . nearest tree on bis back, Is Illus trated a hundred times u day on our nice and soft macadamised roads. A big small boy will wltb eonslderabledcxtorit.y threw bis lassoo round tbo neck of a boy be can lick, aud then bolt wltb blm up. tbe etreet. One doctor reoeived fees amounting to £85 9i. Si, more or less, last week forundlslooatlog the necks of small boys, ? * * * * * Db. Bowe, eurgeon at tbe Gympie Hospital, seems to be a very bard nut to oraok for bis - oommlttee. Speaking merely from newspaper reports one can cannot but tblnk tbat be has bad a long , way tbe best of it so far, and why nn earth besbould be persistently persecuted 1 to pander to tbe vengeful desires of b little coterie who dlMIke, or us a matter of fact are incipable of appreciating his gentle manly conduct is a wonder to all in Maryborough. He Invurl.ibly wins blB cases, he Ib always calm, pool, and urbane, he is undoubtedly a gently spoken man, and a flrst-oluss professional one, but they won't leave blm bIoiio In Gyuipie at that, aud so after oarrying matters wltb fire and sword against blm Iihvm to own themselves wrnn«, and ent the leek is they had on Tuesday last. ***** Among tiie Books.— Mr. Hall Calne has nearly finished 111* now story, ?' Mary Mupdalnne,' for which he hBs a contract, with Mr. Helneinann, who was tbe publisher of ' The Bondman.' . . . . Messre, Cussell slid Co. will shortly publish a Dictionary of the English Lan guage In handy form, based nu their ' Encycloi io lie Dictionary.' This new work will extend 1100 pages, demy octavo size, and will give definitions of more than 100,000 words. . , , Mr. Rudy»rd Kipling's story, 'The Light that Failed,' will be published by Messrs. Macralllan at the beginning of March, with two or more extra chapters. The conclusion of the tale (says tbe Athenaiieum ) has been entirely altered. 