CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. From the latest issue of the offisial gazette of the Salvation Army these items are taken :— Appointments. — Captain James Williams to Ashton and Uraidla, Captain Daniel Mead to Adelaide II,, Captain Anus MoOord to Sema phore, Captain Mary Nicholls to Bowden, Captain EUen Longhurat to Miliicent, Captain Jas. A. Gear to Cavalry Fort 'Aggressive.' Lieutenant Rebecca Oarr to Bowden, Lieu tenant Eva Alohin to [Semaphore, Lieutenant Daniel Breadsell to Norwood, Lieutenant Peter Ritchie to Cavalry Fort ' Aggressive.' The oommittee of tbe Oatholio Refuge and St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage met in St. FranoiB Xaviers Hall on March 4, when eatisfaotory reports were received from both institutions. In the refuge there are 28 adult inmates and seven infants. During February seven were admitted, one was returned to her friends, and five were plaoed in suitable situa tions. The secretary reported that he had received a donation from Mr. Deeny of £5 tor a treat ior the children in the orphanage at Easter. The following personal items are taken from the March number of Truth and Progress t— ' The Rev. J. Robertson has accepted a call to the church at Mount Gambier and has preached bis farewell sermons at Georgetown and Clover HilL The Rev. O. Frisby Smith, after four yearB of most successful labors* Orroroo and Blackrook, has taken his departure amid many expressions of personal affection and goodwill. In addition to the ordinary part oral, oversight of Mb churches, our brother has done a noble work as an evangelist among ths northern churcheB and elsewhere. His residence in the city will be a distinct gain to onr minis* terial strength. The Rev. David Danes passed through Adelaide on Thursday, February 26, on his way to Orroroo. Sbe Rev. W. Gilmour has returned from a sea voyage to Sydney muoh improved in health. The Rev. E. H. Ellis, of Stoke Newington, London, has accepted a call to the Albert BtreBt Baptist Church, Melbourne, His late ohnrch in the metropolis Beats 1,050 persons, and has a membership according to the Baptist Handbook of 832. The Collins ? street Baptist Church. Melbourne, has found a helper to the Rev. Samuel Chapman in the person of the Rev. George Hall, M, A., of South Parade Ohureh, Leeds. He iB a man of note and influence, and will doubtless do good work in Melbourne. The church he is leaving has a membership of about 600, the building being seated for S0O persona. He has been between IS and 14 years with his present congregation! and ia a man in tbe prime of life. The Rev. W. Birch is shortly to visit Sydney, and it is rumored that he may receive a call to tbe pastorate of the Burton-Btreet Tabernacle, whioh is at present vaoant. The name of the Rev. J. Bennett Anderson, the evangelist, has been favorably mentioned in relation to the Bethel Mariners' Church, Sydney. Mrs. Dakin, an honored Zenana missionary and a descendant of the renowned Dr. Carey, on her return to India by the P. & O, steamer on Wednesday, March 4, came up to the city, where she was shown round by Mr. J. H. Cheetham, with whom she was acquainted in Calcutta. Mrs. Dakin was introduced by Mrs. Cheetham to the ladies of the Zenana Committee, who were holding their meetings Flinders-street on that afternoon. The Rev. T, B. Logie, formerly of Glen .Osmonds' has, we understand, been appointed locum tennis to Professor Gosmond at Hawthorn during the letter's visit to England,' „ *! ~ Our Buna correspondent writes :—Tittfre has been considerable comment here sniee the publication on Saturday last of the second reading of stations at the Wesleyan-fJonf erenee on noticing the name of the Rev. R. M. Hunter down for the Broken Hill district. As Mr. Hunter has only been in the Buna one . year prominent members of the oongrega- : tion think they are not being fairly con sidere i, and expression to that effect is general. It is hoped matters will be so arranged at the third reading during the week that Mr. Hunter will not be removed at any rate this year. The Rev, J. Nicholson, president of the Wes' leyan Conference, preached on Sunday morn- . ing in the Pirie-street Church theofBoial sermon in connection with the Conference now in session. The text chosen was from Numbers »,, verse 29—' Would God tbat all the Lord's people were prophets and that the Lord would put His spirit upon them,' Mr. Nicholson said they bad been recently considering the growth of Methodism and the reasons for its succcBS. It was a surprise to many that a movement which a hundred yean ago had only 120,000 members now numbered about 6.000.000 members and 30,000,000 adherents. Dr. R. W, Dale, in bis impressions ot Aus tralia, had generously spoken of the ' magni fioent vigor' of the Australian MethodiBt Churches, and said there was 'something in tbe organisation, theereed, andtheoharaeteriBtio spirit of Methodism that made it a gnat re ligious force in a British colony,' Among the many things that made them prosperous might be mentioned their scriptural doc trines, their experimental and extempore preaohing, their class fellowship which gave suoh oversight to the members, their compact and yet elastic organisation whioh gave them oon taet with varied phases of social life, their free use of lay agencies, and the liberty allowed to memberB to exercise the gift of testimony for the general good unrestricted by sacerdotal restrictions. These were combined with a wal belief in the gift of the Holy Ghost to indi vidual believers as a privilege of the ohuroh. The: text taught that the ministry of the cbuich through its membew, under the im pulse of the Spirit, waa a real thing, and to a Koognitionrfttejaoeandpowerol ^hearer* in a church Methodism owed much of its snoeew. He hoped to live to see the day when an idle Methodist would be ai imuah a eontradiohon of terms as ?sober drunkard or an honest thief! He wonld that all Ibe Lord1* people were prophets. This gift «f prophecy did not me» prediction of future events, but declar ing tbe truths of salvation as the result of a personal experience of them. They recognised the New Testament ideal of a partor ai «m tartar tbs free tight to ou the fanotiona of bu office and to houto the respect due to that j office, yet they did not claim to be saori&aiag; - ntiests end mediators* with power to convey j or withhold grace. They were ambtasad'OH far God, and like MoBes were glad to en courage &D; to tabor who prophesied undar the influence of the free spirit given to the ! ahOdren of God. This was in aooordauce with j Hie practice of the early ehuroh, [when the | members, though scattered by pstseoation, \ went everywhere preaching the Word, aud ; members were adtted to the ohuroa daily, The j Christian endeavor movement, whuh they were adapting to their own modes or working j TO A recognition of the privilege of memban : being workers. They had gifts dfflfering Moordxng to tbe grace given, and it was the ; duty of each to work for the extension of the ; Redeemer^ kingdom. In that iway oujyooald j they reach God's ideal ol a Christian Otmroh. I The list of stations as authorised l&at; week ; fay tie Bible Christian Conference of Victoria Ib ?— F. Loekwood {president ol the Oonfa- j renoe), Sandhurst; W, H. Hosken, Fttzror; J. TfeBgne, Oarlton; B Down. Estrada; W« , Hiok«, NhsU; B. Warren. Hotham; S. P. Webber, Auburn ; J. WilBon, Dayieatosd ; W, Bettus, Fitzeoy; A. TJglow, Footserayi W. Si Erane. Nhul; J,. Freeman, Nurmurkau; : R. OatB, Shnace; W.E.8eoomb. Ballatat; R, ' B. Oraddock, Oolao; A. Ditterioh, Moont BE oriac ; J« Treloar, Qtunes ; EL Yeo, Camper* flown? K. Yeo. Rochester; J. OnenhaU, CufJemaroe ; H. Pattureon, Yanao ; H, SI&EOD.; Oreswidt; W. T. Abbott, St. Arnaud; A- OL Plane, ? ; W. Clemens, Honbast ; K B. Roberts, Noradjaha ; A. Rogers, BaUaiat; D. Daley, Taogam»h: A, Hicks, SaiMthnret; H. M. O. Fowler Warn boots, KS.W.; G. Fowler. Numurkah; A, McKay, Wamoknabeal; H. O. Trebilcook, Oamperdown ; J. T. Baglin, Batnbra ; K. Osborne. Af cot Vale : J. Bankin, Terridk ; A, MifattwTl, Horsham; T. J. Thomas, Oohuna; W. G. Lester, P*ahan ; A. Cook. Oastlemaine ; F. Hart, Oarlton ; S. Jeffry, Warraoknabeal ; K. P. tfallalien, Gtvang G&rnng; G. Fowler, Yanao ; F. bookwood. chairman of the Sand* bunt district ; G. Netherwayj chairman of the Melbourne district; J. Wilson, ohairman of the Ballarat district ; H. Teo, ohairman of the Western dfetrist t W. XL Evans, chairman of the Winanera district ; R, Down, ohairman o! the Knmnrkah district. ? 