What is It P THE INFLUENCE THAT. SOMETIMES GUIDES ÜB AGAINST OUE WILL. . " No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, " but I do believe in thc ministration of spirits."This is not the age nor che country in which the super natural flourishes.1 "'Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if tho landlord is willing tö' knock'bffa 'portion bf the rent. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of some peculiar influence swaying our actions. We- ure led to do things wo shpuld ,not do of our own volition -the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards,; then ,w'e wonder how we came to do tlièm. ' We. aro forced to .learn ¡that worldly, wisdom is, riot always that which guides': into >. thè wisest - courses. : In this . practical 1 age ' results ' are what people are -looking after!! ;?They believein what they see:; the~ "/(évidence, of things hot, seen " is to be 'woighed? iii-rtho future."When a man is .sick he wonts ti get well j ho cares little what medioul muthodxis employed if it'cures. -But if it does not cu i'e he! soon begins to doubt the skill of the physician, and inquire 'iritci Iiis inetliófls"'of'hiiidieàtioii: A hiippy thing it is sometimes if some ir:Quenco in duces investigation before' it is too late..., Mr. "E. W.> Edmondson^ 'of Melbonme, writeB, ,21st October, 1890 During the past 1G years I have been uiling' periodically from a serious afTeotion of the kidneys, and in latter years my. complaint became more acute, BO jttiat X was frequently seized with stabbing pains in the-'back. - I had often prolonged headaches, the result of liver disorder. Por years I thus suffered,, und I thought this dis order of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more5'serious disease. . Finally I .trietl the èftects of -Warner's'safe cure, and not until' thu"n~did'T'experience any ameliora tion in my condition. The use of this medi cine speedily wrought a great change und four bottles effected a complete- cure." Note what 'Mm-Henry, r ,Warwick, of Lonsdale Stieet,; Melbourne,' says '.-" 30th October, 1890--For some years 1 have been suffering from frequent attacksipf, gravel,: often with unbearable pains in the back and right side, and' my digestive. organs were also out of order. : In addition'I was'afflicted with con gestion of the'liver and,periodical headaches of a severe nature. My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to Warner's safe cure, of which I took.four bottles,, when the acute pains in the'-'light side) caused by the' ; congestion of the liver, ceased, while my kidneys were restored to healthy, action.": " J 