THE STORYTELLER. AN ELECTRICIAN ABROAD. (J»V«i torh Times.) The doctor said it, the wife echoed it, friends repeated it; there was no disgnis Jog the. fact that these weak lungs in the body of William H. Browo, the great electrician, were becoming weaker, and that he must spend the winter in a warm climate. Sobald his wife, so said hie friends; but William H.. Brown himself only said " Nonsense." When the doctor emphasised it, be replied': " I cannot leave my work/' . _ ". Toji do not, need to. leave your work/', .said,.<the astute physician; "take your work along with you." . The electrician laughed. " That would involve carryiug along the United States Patent office and a few hundred con- tracts, to say nothing of this dynamo and the engine that operates it." "Never mind your patents and yonv rjphtracts," the physician urged. "An agent eau attend to them. After all the #prk yon have done you can afford to. spend the winter in experimenting. What are an engine and a dynamo to 1 youP You can make one to carry South in your satchel as easily aa some things you have made/ Try it, and give your lungs a chance." " That's an idea," said the electrician. " I might take a small dynamo and buy a a little engine powerful enough for ex- perimenting. Where is it you want me togo?" *. To the West Indies," the physician replied; " Box np your lathe and all the rest öf your look and send them down to the Isle of Delight, and let a little engine and dynamo follow them. You can ex- priment all winter to your heart's con- lea^ and. jcome home in the spring a pew tuan, If yon ' etay ' here you are in banger" . . " I'll think of it," said the electrician, And thought no moro .about it- gmt,, at leset, until several weeks later, when his wife said to him, in her kindly determined iway, tliat ehe was in communication with house agent on ¡the Isle of Delight, and Iud " the refusal bf a charming place that would exactly suit for a residence for the 'winter---* large atone house called Sea T^wj, , ^r the water, with plenty of ground, and large orchards, and,- above ' all, more than à 'mile from the town, so that he need not be disturbed at his work. Thereupon this distinguished electri- cian, before whom all the little electri- cians drooped their eyelids and opened their mouths ^apologetically, capitulated at once. This great-man, who wound the lightning around hts finger, who need have done nothing more in this world than gather in the royalties from a hun *dred patente* had flo time for argument When his wife quietly determined. upon »uything. Bo it was settled that they were to spend the winter on the Isle of Delight. " I must have Thomas along," said the* electrician, without looking up from his ?work. "Bave anybody along that yon want,' his energetic wife replied. '' Just make me a memorandum on this pad of tito Idnd. of dynamo and engine you want sent down and I will attend to every thing." The memorandum was soon made, and for several weeks more Mr. Brown toiled away ia his workshop, with ho thought apparently for anything bnt currents sud ohms. Whether he forgot all about the Srojected journey there is no electrical evioe for ascertaining but if he did it was brought to his mind one morning when he found tho lathe and most of his smaller tools missing, and Thomas, his ' capable assistant, cleaning the room. 'Then he only scratched his head and said in an absent way : " Ob, yes ! When do we start ?' " To-morrow," answered Thomas. When a host of friends called that evening to say good-bye, there was one among them who spent a season on the Isle of Delight, and he, learning that the Browns were to keep house there, warned . them against theivos, " for the darkies would Bteal the very roof off the house, if they had a chance." The electrician made no reply to this hat emly the next morning he sent Thomm? to a wholesale chemist's with an ord'»r, and before the steamer sailed a : large case, labelled "Explosives," was sent on board for him, and stowed away in a safe place. lo the three days'voyage to the Isle of Delight the great electrician worked out the basis of a device for catching the smoke from tho funnels and dropping it astern; another for supplying the fire ? room with draughts of cool air, anda ? third for utilising the odour of burned oil ? that hovered about the machinery. This work left him no time for seasickness, and Mrs. Brown and Thomas took care " that he left off one thick garment after another, as the weather became warmer. The Sea View house suited Mr. Brown exactly, as Mrs. Brown had predicted, wot on account of the large grounds or the orchards,' the spacious dwelling, ot the white beach, but because there was a large lower room With two windows and only one door, where he could shut him« self in abd be secure from interruption. That room was to he his workshop. In the few days that were necessary for setting up the little engine and dynamo and preparing the workroom the electrician Wandered about thé premises like a lost mau, smoking his pipe con- tinually. Tho shining brass engine; with its copper boiler, interested him, as it must tiaro interested anyone who loved machinery. The strange trees and curious 1 tropical fruits, too, attracted his attention, bat with all the odd sight« he said little, though he was fond of walking in. the orauge grove and eating fresh fruit from the trees. Negroes constantly swarmed in through the gate and half filled the dooryard, offering their services, vending fruits and vegetables, or attracted by I curiosity. This was a novelty to Mrt Brown, and he listened patiently to what they had to say, several times uncomplain- ingly saw them pocket pmall articles, and only turned away with, a low, sly laughV It was different with Mrs. Brown. \ ' > "These darkies, I declare, will be the death of rae," she complained. ' I did not imagine there were so many in the whole world. And such a tribe of thom as you have to have about tho house iii; this country. Just think, William» t have engaged a cook, and a helper ia the kitchen ; a chambermaid, a waitress, a laundress, a gardener, and a boy, just to do the work for three persons. I never saw anything like it." "I guess you can manage' them, my dear," was the electricians only replyy with thé suspicion of a smile. _'. ., . '' When tlie workshop was . ready' little was seen of: Mr. Brown or Thomas 'by day or by night. A low humming sound at first, aroused the curiosity of the ser- vants, bat the windows were carefully curtained and the door was always locked, so they lèarned nothing about the mys- terious room. One day at dinner \ Mrs. Brown said : " These, darkies going'past are stealing all our oranges, William. There,is a negro settlement a mile br two op the. road, and they go past early in the morn- ing on their way to to wn,' and come back j after dark, and climb (iver the preK&rd; walL The cook says they stripped one of the best trees last night." "Oh, never mind, dear," the easy-goingo electrician, replied; "oranges are cheap: in this country, and the people are póór ; let them hare them." Mrs. Brown thought he was entirely toó good-natured, and said so; and: Thomas aaio! he believed the electrician/ , would let a man steal the coat off his ¡ back without complaining, and this con- ' versation was repeated by the waitress to the other 'servaurs, aud so reached the darkies in the negro Battlement. Butafter dinner Mr. Bro wa sent Thomas to the town to bny twenty feet pf two-inch : har iron, and while ' he was gone he, opened the large case that was . labelled" "explosives," and took from it a dozen cannisters of gunpowder, and number of packages marked " red fire," " blue fire," "yellow fire," and fires of varióos Otlier colonrs. AU these he put carefully, away in a safe place. From another box he took several large and shining bells gongs. When Thomas returned presently with a coloured man carrying the iron, it was taken into the workroom,'-and the door was locked. The elèctrician at once set to work at the lathe, cutting-the iron bar into short pieces, each about four inches long. " Thomas," said he, pausing a moment at his work, " I wish you had brought your stereopticon along. " I did bring it," Thomas replied. " I thought it might amuse us in the long winter evenings." " Good," said the electrician. " Theo suppose you unpack it and put it in order. ? I think we will ase it to-morrow even- : ing." Thomas set abont cleaning and putting together the stereopticon, and Mr. Brown continued his work with the bar iron. When it was all cut into the short pieces he put each piece on the lathe and bored it 3in deep with a fin bit, thus making] each one a hollow tube, solid at one ead. When this was doue ho put each one on the lathe again and bored a tiny hole through the side, and about big enough to hold a knitting-needle, and an inch and a quarter from the solid end. He then 'put a bit of fine wire, not much larger than a horsehair in each of the tiny holes, and fastened it in place with au atom of I solder, so that the hole was not entirely j stopped, and with about two inches of'the. wire protruding. When they were done ? they were eighty little cannon, and looked as if they had been made by a master workman, as indeed they had. Mr, Brown thon loaded ten of them with powder, hut no ball, and rammed the charge home tight. The following afternoon the electrician spent an unusual time in the orange! grove, which lay between the' house and ? the road. And he spent an hour or more in one of the upper rooms, which had a! wiudow overlooking tho orange trees. Ia j the short tropica) twilight, while sitting on the piszea smoking his pipe, he quietly asked Mrs. Brown whether she had ever seen a darky robbing an orange tree. :" No," that lady replied, "and it wouldn't be well for the darky if I should. They rob our trees every night, and we will Boon be without any oranges Vat all." The electrician led his wife 'upstairs to the room overlooking the orange grove. There she saw the 'stereopticon mounted by the window, and. a small board shelf on which were se veral telegraph keys. It was already so dark that a person sitting by the window could not be seen, although a moving, form outside would, be visible. ¿. " Now, if you will take that chair by jthe window, my dear, and not say a word under any circumstances, I will, if I have good luck, show you a darky robbing an orangetree." "-' Mrs. Brown did as she was ' requested and Mr. Brown drew a chair in front of the' key-board where he could see the orange trees, and smoked his pipe. There was not a sound on the still evening but the slight humming made by the dynamo. They bad not long to wait. Soon, they he^fd the voices of a party of darkies coming up the road, some singing and some talking; They carno nearer and nearer, till they were in front of the orange grove. Tue voices ceased, and the six or eight ju the party caine up close tp the walL One spry young darky raised himself to the top of the. wall, looked round, climbed up, and dropped.inside. The others evidently were to wait outside and have the oranges brought to them. Tito youngster inside waited a moment; then disappeared in the gloom under the prange trees. Mrs. Brown sat breathless, and-Mr. Brown sat with his finger on one pf tile keys. A scraping sound was heard as of a boy climbing a tree ; there was a slight rustle of leaves, and an orange dropped. The electrician pressed the key. .. "iBaug!" said one of the guns not far from the tree the boy was in. "Oh ! hi ! hi ! Mas«' Bass 1 Mass' Boss !" cried the darky in the tree. ".Bang !" said another gun in a distant Jart of the grève, and the feet of the ; " arkies outside were heard flying up the ; road. ? ' ' ? \ " Bang ! bang!" said two more gaos. ' i "Mass* Boss, don' shoot,, dcm'Jshöot, ï come down," criod theterrified 'darky,! sod his words were instantly verified,;f or at that moment the electrician touched ; another key and the stereopticon, tbrèjy! its tull glare of light into the tree, which ; startled the hoy into loosening his l\a}ç(. and he " came down " shoulder first aga "struck the ground with a thad. He/ was on his feet again at once, but too bewil- dered to stir, and at that : instant,, at the touch of another key, a big bell began to 1 «og violently. j , "Bang! bang! bang!" in every direö wn;it was enongV to frighten » «touter heart than beat inside the young darky's Í'aoket, and with si terrified cry fib started or the wall. But he changed his ' course Í before he had taken three steps, for at the touch of another key there flashed tup before him a bright red flame. A wild shriek, bewildered dashes in several directions, and the boy reached the wall and went over it at a bouqd, the last section of his heels being saluted with : " Bang ! bang J" The electrician cooly closed the window. I * Well, my dear," be said, you " have not yet seen a darky rob au orange tree, but you have seen one try it." : Mr. Brown had never indulged in such j sportive games at home, and Mrs Brown attributed the change to the salubrious climate, which was doing him good already. She was in a little doubt about ! the guns until the mechanism and thoir harmless character were explained to her. .r-¡Such an unwarranted and unheard- of attack with firearms on an honest boy who iras- merely " tryin' to git a few sweet or'nges," made a tremendous excitement in 'the negro settlement, and tho story soon reached the town. The darkies out- side the wall who ran away attributed the account of the lights to the boy's frightened imagination, but the firing was undeniable. Of course the story lost nothing in telling. The boy was killed ; he was desperately wounded; a bullet went through his hat ; and a Yankee at Sea View kept his orange grove full of armed men, ready to fire at any " pore ?boy" found on the premises. Conse- quently, the orange grove was safe for the remainder of the season. But the darkies felt a little spiteful against the Yankeo at Sea View who was so ready to shoot them down, and showed it in a number of petty ways. Young boys and girls hardly overpassed the gate af ter dark without pulling the bell handle and then running away. In a short time thia became annoying, and Mrs. Brown complained abont it. The bell handle was of brass, and it connected with an iron wire which rang a bell in the kitchen. Mr. Brown sent Thomas to the town to find a flat iron plate about three feet square, and it was neatly laid in front of tho gate post, as though to keep visitors ont of the mud. That day the electrician had a little ? business in the lane, and in the dusk hi connected ad inudcent wire with the dynamo. This trap required no watching being automatic in its'action. Soon after dark a party of boys and girls walked np, the road toward tb* settlement, barefoot, as they always wore When they came opposite the gate one oi the boya ran up to the bell handle and gave it a violent pull. At that moment he received an electric shock that made his arm sore. " Bang !" said a gun just inside thc gate. . . " " " Oh, oh, ouow !" shrieked the boy, and the whole party ran np tho road ss fast as their little legs would carry them, This boy also had a narrow escape-io the settlements telling of it. He heard a bullet whistle past his ear, and there was some talkof complaining to the magistrate. But after that the bell-handle was. undis- turbed. This incident, however, added fuel to the flame, aud the coloured people were more indignant than ever. " Dat Yankee at Sea Yiew, he'd shoot a pore boy jes' fer ringin'his bell, he would." But still they, were not indignant enough to stop robbing him, and the electrician worked on day after day in happy unconscious- ness of the commotion he liad made. It was manifestly unsafe to steal the oranges with, so many armed men on guard ; but there was the cocoanut grove. This grove was some distance from the house, down towards thé water, and it offered great temptations to hungry and thirsty passers-by, for every tree was loaded with the juicy nuts. Some ven- turesome spirit tried it, and got off safely with a bagful, of cocbanitts, and the news that the Sea View cocoanut grove was unguarded spread throught the settle- ment. ? Then nightly depredations were made, and they were soon discovered. " William/' Mrs.- Brown said oue day, "I have never seen a darkey rob a cocoa- nut tree.*' V, This hint was sufficient, aud the elec- trician made a long visit to the cocoanut grove, càrryiug with him some of the implements of Iiis trade. Before, dark that evening he returned to the grove, hayiDgstationed Mrs. Brown atan upper window in the bouse. He settled himself in a oppy pla^è he had among the branches of a thiele low Iree and awaited develop- ments. This was a longer wait than thp other, but j»n length he was rewarded. The nev/: moon was, obscured by clouds, but he saw. four men climb the wall, there wory low» and ad vance into tho grove, ^ He : looked at; the (key-board before him and : saw'that «M was ready¿ ¡ . . j The men went well into the grove and separated.-fa-a-rcoment he saw the four -clfmbingtrees-one man to a tree-^od each carrying a large 'bag to hold the unté. He waited till they were well np ] -among the branches, some of them 'thirty feet from the ground, and then touched a kev. "Whlr-r-r-!" said a big gong in the middle of the grove, j " Hist 1'* sahl one of the darkies. I He touched another key, ¿nd " Bang ! bang ! bang !" went the guns in different ¡ parts of the ground. FOOT darkies began to slide down four cocoanut trees, and they do that work rapidly. But they are not as quick as the electric1 current. The electrician pressed another key, and coloured fires flashed up hil over the grove. They were in circles around twenty or thirty of the trees-red circles,, blue circles, green circles, and yellow. À blue darkey slid down one tree, a yellow darkey down an- other, a red darkey, and a green, Seeing this terrible sight they all set ap a howl and stopped, suspended in mid-air. Another key. "Bang! bang! bang!" all around them. This settled the day (or the night) in favour of flight. What those fires might do to them they did not know, but they did know the effects of ballets, and, still howling, they all slid down and ran for their lives. A few more touches of the keys, and in their flight they were fired at from every quarter, and two gongs ran au alarm that might have been heard at the other end of the island. From that night the cocoanut grove was as safe as the oranges. It was surprising what narrow escapes those men had. One, who had scratched his face on a bush, showed where a bullet "jes' grazed his cheek." Another declared that a white man jumped up in front of his face, but the piece missed j fire. One was bold enough to say that he had knocked a white man down with a I stone ; aud the f ourth was confident that he saw at least fifty armed men in the ' grove. The whole town was full of it next day-the Yankee at Sea View kept a company of soldiers watching his place. But nobody except tho four men believed in the coloured fires. This put an end to the pretty thievery of fruit, but more important depredations began. Sea View had a large chicken establishment well stocked, and Mrs. Brown had bought all the fowls for the table. The fowlhouse had a wire front that was shut every night, but did not lock. The fowls began to disappear rapidly, and nearly every morning three or lour were missing. This thief was evidently ot a different character from tjió stealers of fruit. They were casual pilferers, but the chicken thief was a pro tpssioual. Mrs. Brown, mourning the loss of her Howls, complained that she had never <aoea a darky rob a hen. roost. . " Yoi know how anxious I am to please ybu, my* dear," the electrician replied, and that day his exercises were taken in the chicken yard. Tó sit up and watch for a chicken thief was but of the question, for he might come at any hour of the night ; but no matter,' it . was merely a problem of a ' crossed wire and an extra coil, and the «thief trap was made automatic. Afc 2 o clock the next morning a small gong, well muffled, began to ring at the ! head of the electrician's bed. Tnat indi- cated that the door loading to the chicken yard had beou opened, aud he hastily j awoke "Mrs. Brown aud led her to a window that overlooked the scene of action. They reached there in the nick of time, just as the thief opened the door of the fowlhouse, which began the engagement. The electrician knew when the inner .door was opeued, because at that instant^ "Bang*! bang]" went two guns by the -very side or the.thief's head. " Cackle-ackle-ackle-cack-cack-cack-" , exclaimed every chicken in the house, and ' fluttered - down from the roof in a panic, and-- . Flash ! went the glare of the stereopti cou, making the whole scene as bright as day, and showing the thief, frightened out of his wits, ruuniug for life down the laue. "There!" exclaimed the electrician, " that is the first mistake I have made in five years.. I should have had those doors close automatically, but they don't, and now they're both open, and I'll have to senda bóy out to close them, or your hens will be »ll out {" aud he left the room to call fe boy; "Idéclaré, William H. Brown," said ?Iiis astonished wife when he returned, '"yon do beat auvthing I ever saw. How did yon makó «li those things do them ?" . *. I, ¿rn surprised, jay deex-f the elec- trician o&îmly replied, ashe settled him- self in the beij again, " that yon should wonder at so «imple ah pfEeot. \Vhen the thief opened the fowl-house door, he con- nected the wire- rthat was alt. The current then entered the wires that I had had fastenedtto ^be .tops of thé rôostii and the chickens, being shocked, fluttered and retreated.--T4ie-currant--was by the «ame move;cöuductad to the electric lamp in the 8terebpticon,: which was already focussed on thé èhickèn-honse door. You kopw how the "Quater guhs were fired. Nothing co »dd be more simple ; the merest novice could-db it as well;" and in two minutes more he waB asleep. Tue coloured people of the settlement were cWrj^abont entering any part of «the Sea View grounds ; but'they took every , safe. opportunity to annoy the Yankee, who, as they ' thought, was so anxious to kill them. Among other little spiteful things they made aa much noise as possible in pasting the place in the eveuing, singing, shouting, and even dancing on the smooth road. This they oarried on to such an exteut that at length the electrician said : , "This damp night air is not wholesome for those, negroes. Thomas. I think they had better be at home before dark, and if you will assist with the stereopticou this evening ^re will take measures to have .the road clear in the fature before the night dews begin to fall." Thomar was very willing to assist,, and before dark that evening the two electri I cians were snugly ensconced among the branches of a great almond tree near the road, whence they could see all who Sassed without being seen themselves, 'here were many passers-by, but the I operators waited till it was quite dark, ' and then until a large and - noisy party approached. When they were fairly past the gate they saw a sight that froze the blood in their, veins. First '¿here was a flash of light by the roadside, and then a flat rock barst into a .blaze. From the flame there rose a cloud of smoke, and in the smoke there instantly appeared the form of a gallows, and from it bung a man hanging, swaying in the breeze. The black cap was drawn over his face, and his arms and legs were pinioned. The negroes set np a piercing shriek and turned and fled. Before they were fifty feet aWay the smoke, the gallows, and the man had all disappeared, but the darkies 'did not stop till they reached a distant corner, where was a road which would take them home by a roundabout way. Presently another party of negroes came along, singing, shouting, and chattering. Again the flash, the Barning rock, and the smoke. But this time, instead of the gallows, there appeared the spectre-of a drunken man, holding in one hand a decanter, and in the other an empty glass. Quick :as thought the decanter is raised, the glasB is filled, and the bacchanal lifts it to his lips ? Bnt as he does so the glass bursts into flame, and fire ponrs from the man's month." Again a choras of shrieks, a stampede, and the spectre fades away. After a little time a third party ap- proached. Once more a flash, a flame, and a cloud of smoko. And in the smoke appeared a terrible monster, shaped like a shark, bat walking ou six legs, his sides covered with luminous scales, his long tail forked, aud his great red mouth opening wide and clanking shut agaiu. i showing his rows of horrible teeth. Move shrieks of course, more running, and then silence and darkness. " I think, Tliomas, that will do for this evening," said the electrician; "by to- morrow onr ghosts will be walking all over the island, aud our coloured friends will bc spared tho consequences of breathing this unwholesome night air." Such wonders as these could not con- tinue long without attracting the attention of the whole island, whites as well as blacks. A rumour reached Government house that a celebrated electrician from " tlie States " was wintering at Sea View, aud when the Governor heard of the îSea View ghosts and miracles he wa« not slow in putting this and that together and ascribing them to their true cause. When he learued that the electrician was np other than the distinguished "William H. Brown, he threw ceremony to the winds and drove out to Sea View one evening to call. Fortunately the bell handle was no longer connected with the dynamo. The Governor was a pleasant' fellow, and clever, far above the. average Governor in intelligence, and deeply interested in electricity; so .he and the electrician were soon the best of friends, and, wonder of wonders, the Governor was taken into the sacred workroom and saw the dynamo in operation. " Oh, the ghosts ?" the electrician laughed, when the Governor carefully approached the subject. " Well, the ghosts answered their purpose. A smoke, the stereopticon, a ghost-the three follow, one another naturally. So they thought the rock burst into flame, did they? A very natural conclusion. There was a wire running to the rock, of coarse, connected with the dynamo, and controlled by a key ia my own hands in the tree where I was concealed. A brown powder on the rock, a touch of the key, a flash and a smoke. Then the stereopticon, also with us in the tree shows upon the smoke any picture w< like. Of course, you understand how, bj moving the doublé sides, figures asan bc made to move; : Guasí Oír, yes; here are the gana, mere toys, like'»iGhiuest carackers. Wo havo done nothing that was worthy of an amateur, but it has given us some amnsement and saved oui cocoannts." While the Governor was examining tin dynamo, the electrician, the floodgates ol Bpeech for once opened, went on : " 1 have prepared a little surprise for mi neighbours which I intended to give then to-morrow evening; but as your Excel lency is here, and as everything can bi made ready in a few minutes, l ean jim as well let them .have it to-night, if yoi can wait." The Governor was only too happy to wait, and the electrician and hie assistant hurriedly made their preparations. When ail was ready they retired to the detached kitchen in a distant corner of the yard, Mrs. Brown, the Governor, and the two electricians fastened themselves ' in, and leaving the house in total' darkness. " This will be the last electrical miracle at Sea .View/' the electrician said, "for I must stop playing, and settle down to work. But this will be at least a livelv one, and in a few minutes the ground will probably be full of people. Perhaps your Excellency will do me the honour to open the entertainment by pressing that key." The Governor touched the key indi cated, and instantly there blazed np a bright yellow light, apparently issuing from the roof of the house. The elec- trician theu took charge, touching a key here and there in the row attached to one the kitchen tables, and light after, light flashed np along the the top of the roof, bursting apparently through the windows, filling the upper air with smoke, in which the flames were reflected again., and making the grounds as bright as day. In the lower parts of the house the flame was red; everywhere else it was yellow. The electrician touched another key, and a large gong began to ring violontly; A man ran up the road crying " Fire !" Another and another. "Ffrel Fire!" echoed in ©very direc- tion. Coloured men fyuraf; through the gate and ran across the yard crying î«Fire!" They clambered over the walls and poured in froin all points-front, back, ani| sides. . , « A light touch upon another key and the yellow flame on the top of the house sprang np higher and higher. There is a sound of a boll approaching. " It is the engine company from the town," the governor says, and in another ioinute a hand engine of à^e-historic age ^umbers into the yarcf, draggëdjby a score qf exciteq njen. 'The yard, iq lulrof jwople. ' Another touch upon another key and coloured tires flash out all over the grounds-blue fires, green, yellow, red, white. Another key aud there is a rattle of musketry in all directions, as if a battle were in progress. " Now, watch ' the house," 6ays the electrician. He touches one more key, and there is a tremendous explosion, as if the whole house were blown to atoms. One key more, and every light disappears, as if Sea View had boen «wallowed up by the neighbouring ocean. The house, the j grounds, all in total darkness, where au instant before had been a blay,} of light. Tlie crowd, blinded for the instant slowly recovered aud groped their way ont of the yard. That i usan o Yankee had played them another trick. " Wonderful I Wonderful !" exclaimed the Governor, as they made their way back to the house after thc people were gouo. " But allow me one question. That was Greek fire you used, of course. Bat how did you extinguish nil the lights at the same instant ?" " By merely pressing the key that shut .tho covers of the tin boxes iu which the fire was burned," the electrician replied. " Astonishing J'' exclaimed the Govern- or. " Merely a little Fourth of July for a child," said the electriciau. " Relaxation for au idle hour. Electricity has tre- mendous possibilities/but this is play." William H. Brown and the people of the Isle of Delight have equal cause to remember with pleasure the electrician's first winter in the tropics; the former because of the reconstructed lungs that promise to do him many a year's service, and the latter whenever they look nt the electric lights f iat every night illumiuate the Government House and the principal streets ot the town. . ' . 