NOVELIST. My Lady's Revnge. By E. C IRRISON JONES. CIHAPTERI (XXIT:-(C0ONT ?UED) ?" The rain fell with a dismal sound upon the wet flag-stones, and the winds wailed. in a ghostly fashion amid the bare branches of the trees and around the grim towers: overhead, but Cassandra a'igthtd without a' tremor. " Wait for me here," she said to the driver. ' I shall not remain long." He settled himself in the carriage, with a few inaudible murmurs of complaint, and through the great stone entrance and up the slippery walk Lord St. Aubyn's bride made her noiseless way. She reached the broad stone steps that led np to the heavy oaken door, and there she paused and looked keenly about her. Very white was her face, but in her eyes glittered a look of dauntless determination. What she same to do she would accomplish, no matter what the risk might be. She stood for a moment irresolute as to what coarse to pursue- whether to approach the front entrance and boldly demand ad mittance, or to wait until Fome sign of life within presented itself. While she stood thus the sound of chopping fell on her strained ear. It came from the lower ter: race, just beyond the eastern wing of the building;and in that direction she at once bent her steps. As soon as she reached the terrace and turned the corner of the dismal old hous'e, she'saw a little: shed constructed of boards and filed with billets of wood, and in front'of it sat the stooping figure of an old man. 'He had a small aio in his hand, and appeared to be engaged in splitting firewood. Her ladyship at once inferred that this old man was the person she sought, and 'he made her way across to the little shed. " Seymour, is that you 1" she called, when she was within a few sfeps of him. The old man started, and rising to his feet, looked about him in'surprise. Cae. sandra was at his side, and had her gloved hand on his arm in a breath. "Din't be startled, Seymour," she said. "I came from your master and my husband, Lord St.'Asibyn. Have you forgotten me, Seymour'? ; The old man shook his grey head in a dazed way' S"I'm afraid I have, my lady," he replioed. S' Well, then, no matter., I am Lord! St. Aubyn'a" wife, Seymour-we were married only a short time ago-and my lord has sent me here, Seymour, to bring you good news." "Good news, my lady I" repeated the old man." What can it be?" "' Cannot you guess what it is, Seymour[" continued her ladyship. "jord St. Aubyn Is ill, and could not come himself, and you know he dare not trust another save his wife. Seymour, he has told me the itcrer." Shbeiladie a swift -gesture towards the vaults beneath the old house. The old man's wrinkled ftee paled to an ashen "You know it, my lady ?" he repeated. "Yes, Lord St. Aubyn has told mte; and more, he has sent me here, Seymodr, to tell you to'be of good heart, In a few ieeks all this shall end, and you and your irisouers shall be free." The old-manocaught her hand and carried it to his lips, while the tears streamed over his furrowed cheeks. I ",0". my lady," he, cried,," what do you mean?" - SWhat I say, Seymour," she answered, steadily; " you are to be free-you and your prisoners. " Strange things have happened, and Lird S. Aubyn has determined to take your advice and let them go free. They are alive yet?" "Yes, my lady." "; Well, he will come himself as soon as he recovers, and see them, and arrange it all. You must hold out a few weeks longer, Sey -motir." You have bee- a faithful servant to your master, and you shall not lose your re ward." "I have it now, my lady," sobbed the old man. " Oh, my dear master I I have Sprayed day and night that his heart would change." r• ??; Well," interrupted Cassandra, atrifle im. patiently, "you must be patient till he comes, and try to make the poor men comfortable, Seymour. It is a hard lot for them "- " Ah, my lady, a bitter lot I" "Well, do the beet you can for them, and when your master comes all shall be made right. Here, take this purse ; and, Seymour, here is some wine. Take it, and drink some yourself, and give the poor men some. Poor souls, it makes me shudder to think of them I" "" Bless your good heart, my dear lady, I will 1" lie took the bottles in his shaking hands, ,and her ladyship drew her cloak close. I? I must go,' Seymour," she said; "my carriage waits below there, and I want to catch the first available train. -Remember, now, your master will soon be here to release you. Be patient, and do the best you can. Good-bye." "Giood-bye, my lady, and may you be re warded for this. It is your work, I'm sure." •" Yes, it is my work," repeated Cassandra, as she retraced her way to thespot where the waiting vehicle stood-" work for which I have no taste, but fate has forced it upon r-. and it must be done." S ,e shivered, and her teeth chattered, but she approached the carriage with a steel-like glitter in her eyes. "Ithave come to tell you that you may return without me," she said, addressing the i'liver. '"I have decided to remain all sighti. In the morning I shall take my aither away with me; you may tell the r.da!ord so. Hero is his money and some thing cr yourself, too, to pay you for your disagreeable drive." \- The driver touched his hat and said •'ThanIkre. mum," and rattled off down the rocky road. t..:uusbh the storm and gloom she made rr way back to the old house. With cautious tread she flitted along, under the Ehadow of the dripping treet, till she rehcbed the northern wing, around whiecha covered terrace ran. She crept up to the wet stone steps, end makingr her way to the dark and eheltered corner, she satdown: The'night was dense and dark; an icy skeet mingled with the dripping rain; and beat a..miserable tattoo on the wet stones; but, like an image of marble, Lord St. Aubyn'e. bride eat in her sheltered corner, -rr hands locked together, her face like death. See heard the bells strike fer midnight, yet she did not move. At last, a little while before the dawn began to break, she arose. " This is awful !' she said, in i low, gasp inr, voice. "I wonder if St. Aubyn would esuffer like this for me?" Torough the thick gloom she :gropes her' way down the steps, and in.the direction of the little shed where she had met Seymour. There she paused and surveyed the old house with anxious eyes. It loomed up like a great black tomb, silent and dark as the night, save one window on the ground floor, and from that a feeble light issued. Cassandra saw this glimmering light, and approached it. The window was bleared and stained, but she could see through it dimly. There was a room beyond,with a bed in one corner,'and on that bed;by the dim- light of the taper that flickered near by, she could descry a human figure. She looked through the stained glass, and then she turned to the door. " I must know," she muttered, under her breath-" I must be certain." She tried the door and it opened, and she made her way through a narrow corridor into the dimly-lighted room. There lay the figure stiff and motionless, the worn,fur rowed face turned full towards the flickering tape..: On a small table stood a bottle and a glass, in which a few drop of wine still re mained. Cassandra looked searchingly at these obh. jects, and discovered that the bottle was one of thosie she had given to Seymour, and that it wapsuncorked. She stood an instant, shaken by a strong shudder of terror and disgust; then she drew near the bed, and peered down into the stony, upturned face; she even put out her hand and touched the furrowed fore head; "It has ended," she said, in a horse whisper; " he is dead." She flitted from the silent room like a shadow, closed the door behind her, and made her way out into the cliff road, and across the country to the:nearest station; and the first train that stopped there bore her on her way back towards London. CHAPTER XXXII. sTARnTMLxa News. The same February day that sees Lady Cassandra back in London, breaks drearily over a small party congregated on the d ck of an English vessel steaming up the Thames. Of1 this party four persons are the rescued passengers of the ill-fated Baltic. One of thete four is Beas, the mother of Lord St. Aubyn's eon and heir. Captain Sir Redmond Carew is beside her, and she leans upon his arm now. From the very jaws of death she is coming back to her husband and child. The silent tears rise in hdr solemn brown eyes as she thinks of it, a:faint red glow in her waxen cheeks, and her childish mouth quivers. "R~sdmond,.' she whispers, clinging more closely to her companion, and raising her swimming eyes to his face, 'tSi. Aubyn will be waiting to welcome me. Don't you think so, RIedmond?7 Sir Redmoid. Carew looks down. at the frail little creature with tender kindness in his eyes. He has mastered all his own pain and cruel disappointment ; he is her friend now;truer than?rbrother could be. "Yes, Bess,"' he answers, with his sad, kind smile, "of course he will be there. its has received our letters, jio doubt,.and he must be the happiest man in England to day." Bess laughs-a simple, joyous little laugh. ",Yes, Redmond, only: think of itl" she goes on. "For the second time lam cominog back to him from the grave." The'pallid dawn deepened, and presently the son came up;lifting the misty gloom, and ushering in a clear and spring-like day. The passengers reached their place of landing, and crowded forWard with eager faces to look for their friends. Sir Redmond Carew was amid. the foremost, with' Bees on his arm. ButoLord St. Aubyn was not in sight. A'dark frown clouded the:fndian oflicer's brow. "''This is a strange business !" he muttered. "He.must have received some of the many letters sent him. I wonder if the fellow is a villain ?" "What were you saying, Redmond ?" in. quired Bess. "-Nothing, only your husband is not here to meet you, Bess. It must be that he has not been informed of your doming."' "That's it," responded Bess; "he hasn't heard of it. Oh, Radmond, what a surprise it would be if we should go to him, and he believing me to be dead, and buried in the seal" "'Yes, a great surprise, child," responded the captain, absently. He hails a cab, and they are driven to South Audley-street, where an old friend of Sir Redmond Carew resides. IHe is lucky enough to find this lady at home, and into her care he commits Bees. " She is one of the Baltic's passengers," he exnlains, as the Ildy follows him out into the hall. "Only four persons were picked up, and Lady St. Aubyn was one of them." "Lady St. Aubyn I" repeats Mrs. Mark ham. "Yes;didn't you understand thle name? She has travelled home under my charge. Her father was my brother ollicer, years ago, and I feel a more than friendly interest in the frail little creature. PI'lease, Mrs. Msrkham, do what you can for her, as she is literally worn mout." S:r Rodmond CGrow says all this, standing in the hall, with his hat in hiis hand. in rather an impatient manner, but feeling that dame explanation is due to his old friend. Still Mrs. Markham stands and stares at him, "I must go," he says, even more im patiently. " You'll kindly take care of tihe lady till I return for her, Mrs. Markham? And; by the way, can you tell me where to find Lord St. Aubyn's residence ? He should have coma to meet and welcome his wife to day; but he did not, and I must try to find him." Still Mrs. Markham stares at the baronet in blank surprise, but at last she remarks : " You don't mean to say, Sir R.dmond, that this poor lady is Lord S-. Aubyn's wife, who was lost at sea, do you 1" " Yes," replied the baronet. Mrs. Markham seizes his arm with both her hands. "'But, Sir ladmond Carew,"habe whispers, excitedly. "Lord St. Aubyn was married Sonly a week ago." The captain's face whitens under all its foreign bronze. " Married ?" he echoes. "Married, yes-to his cousin, Lady Cas sandra Lauder, and I hear that they leave SEngland to- morrow or the next day. I was reading an accontt of it all-the wedding and everything-in the Times, not ball an hour ago. I will bring you the paper and let you see for yourself." " Stay. Mrs. Markham-there is no need. I can believe what you say," he answers. " But what in the name of mercy is to be dine ? Poor Besa ?-it will kill her. She is longing to meet her husband and child, poor thing, and he married to that woman I The heartless villain I I'll put a bullet through his false heart I Go back to the poor child, Mrs. Markham, but for Heaven's sake don's breathe a word of this till we see what's to be done. I'll find him, the felseoheorted dastard I Where did you say his house was ?" "In Grosvenor-equare?" answered the lady.' Sir Redmond Carew waited to hear no more, but with an angry flush on his swarthy face, and a savage look in his brown eyes, he strode away. CHAPTER XXXIII. THE DITTER END. " St. Aubyn I" The handsome peer starts up from his recumbent position on the velvet lounge, as the sweet, fond voice falls on his ear-starts to his feet and confronts his bride, the regal Cassandra. He stares blankly for a full minute, then exclaims: "Cassie, my dear, how you surprised one I When did you get back ?" "Only hall an hour since, wet and chilled. I'stole up to my rooms and made myself presentable before appearing before my dearhusband's eyes." Despite his burning anxiety, he takes her in his arms and kisses her.. Then he holds her at arm's length and says: . '" Well, my'love ?"" "It is "tell, dearest," she answers promptly. "The secret is ended, and you are never to think of it or allude to it again." He stands mute, a curious quiver stirring his unsteady mouth. "Poor old' Seymour,"he falters at last, "he deserved a better fato at my hands I" After a moment he adds: "Are you sure, Cassandra, that I am safe 7" "I am stire. What I saw with my own eyes I must believe." - She watches him wistfully, expecting some word of thanks or approbation, but he utters none. A pained look steals over her face, but she puts it away and links her arm in his. "Now, my love, I want to see you tlook happy," she adds; "it cost me 'more than you imagine to accomplish my task, but it is done, and tomorrow we shall be on our long and happy journey." "No, not to-morrow, dearest," he inter rupts. "The steamer will not sail till Friday. A messenger came to inform me of the alteration about an hour ago." My lady's lace grows ghastly. " Why, St. Aubyn," she gasps, " what can it mean? We must eecure accommodation no same other steamer." " S oil to.morrow we cannot," replies her husband, regarding her with some astonish meat; "we must wait for the vessel in which our berths are taken. What makes you so anxious about it, Cassie-so im patient to be off ?" '"Oh, I am not :well," she answers evasively, averting her face. " I am sick of England, and wish we could leave at once." "So we will; but you mlust cultivate patience, mylove. What is one day more or less ?" "What is one day?" repeata Cassandra, under her breath. "Who knows what a day may bring forth ?" But she answers carelessly: " Oh, no; one day is nothing. But I de teet disappointments and delays." "'So do I," responds her husband; ";but .we must make the best of it. I think I will take a stroll before dinner; I' have been cooped up here so long." He rings for his overcoat, puts it on and goes out. Cassandra site down with a white,: set face, arrayed in all her gorgeous finery. Her proud lip quivere, and the' tears rise in her eyes. It hurts her cruelly that her hubr band can leave her so soon after her return from her horrible journey. She is beginning to feel already that the man' she has loved so blindly, and perilled 'her soul to win, is not such a prize after all.. . For hours she sits thus, cut to the heart, and feeling. indescribably :lonely, till a ser vant comes with letters. They aroe letters which have followed them to London for the most part, and are consequently a good deal behind date. Cassandra seizes them with nervous haste and looks them over. One bears a foreign postmark. She holds' it in her hand a minute, while her c'eeks'whiten and her breath comes' in gaesps. Then she tears it open and runs her eyes over the few lines it contains. " Oh, mercy I" she gasps, her eyes die. tended in terror, 'she was to reach London yesterday, and may be in this house before the day closes' ! What shall I do ?" For five. minutes she' stands there, the open letter in-her hand; then she crosees the room and tosses it into the fire. " I'll brave it," she mutters, wi h set teeth and glittering eyes. "It is too late to turn back I" She. turns to the window and looks out, The lamps are just lighted, and flare in yel low lines on each side of the crowded thoroughfares. She watches the faces of the men and women as they come and go, with tigerish eyes. She almost expects to see among them the meek, pale face of the woman who is her rival. The twilight deepens into darkness, and my lady grows impatient and rings her bell. " Has Lord St. Aubyn returned t" she asks of the servant who enters.' "No, my lady; he has not come in yet, and there is a gentleman in the library waiting .to see him." "What is his name ?" she demands, fiercely. "He declines to give his name, my hlady," tbhe man replies. " He has been hers twice belfore to-day whilst my lord was out, and now he insists on waiting till he comes in." Cassandra meditates, a slight flush rising to her face. '"And refuses to give his name," she repeats. " What manner of person is he, James ?" " A tall, handsome man, my lady, with the look of an ollicer." A determined look comes into my lady's eyes. "'I will see this person myself," she says. The servant bows himself out, and my lady sweeps after hIim. At the libhrary door she pauses, with a haughty, questioning glance. The vieitor rises to his feet and bows pro foundly. "Ds you wish to seLiard St. Aubyn?" she questions. "Yes my lady." In the halt gloom of the spacious room she tails to recognise the man before her. Sir lIdmond Carew has changed since the night when ihe saved this fair waoman's life from the burning ruins of Mount Storm. "Wheat is your business with Lord Si. Aubyn?" she inquires. "' t' business with Lard St. Aubyn is of a private nature, my lady, and cannot be er plained to any other person." "I am Lard St,. Aubyn's wife. The baronet bows, with a curious smile on his lips. "That does not alter the case, madame," he answers, coolly. "But Lord Sc. Aubyn is away I" she con tinues, suppressing her cising anger. " I will await his return." He bows again, and resumes his seat. Gas. sandra stands and looks at him with glowing eyes. What can be the nature of his bust. ness, she wonders. An awful terror takes away her breath, and her knees tremble. What shall she do to avert this impending danger? " Have your brounht news for my hue. band ?" she ventures to ask, in a faltering voice. The light of the lowbu.horning chandelier falls upon her face, and Carew sees that it is ghastly white. He looks at her with keen, suspicious eyes, but his answer is cool and quiet. "Very strange news, but only for his lordship's ears." She fairly gnashes her teeth in her terror and egony. " Tell me," she cries, flying at him in a fury, and seizing his arm, " speak out this instant, or I will ring the bell, and have you expelled from the house I" Sir Redmond coolly removes her hard from his arm. " It is quite evident, my lady," he replies, " that what 1 am here to tell the Marquis St. Aubyn is no eecret to you. You would have done better to have told him yourself weeks ago." " What do you mean ?" she cries, her rage rising beyond all control. "You shall not tell him; I'll have your life first I". She puts her hand to her bosom, and, swift as thought, she draws forth'a elnder jewelled dagger. She has worn it day and night for the last week, for what purpose she dare not con fess to her own soul. Mad with terror at the certainty that this man had come to make known to St. Aubyn the secret of his wife's rescue from the burned steamer, and frantic to avert the danger and shame that threaten her, she darts upon Carew in a frenzy of rage, and aims a deadly blow at his breast.. But the captain's trained eye divines her purpose, and his swift hand grasps her arm before ,the shining little weapon descends. Takeo.. care, mylady,'L, he.saye, quietly; " you are in danger of harming yourself, not me. I must have this." He twists the dagger out of her white hand, and holds it behind him. She stands at bay, like some wild, hunted animal. There comes a ring at the front entrance, and a moment later a step in the ball with. out. She knows that St. Aubyn has come, and the fierce anger in her eyes gives place to a look of unutterable anguish. She falls at the soldier's feet and clasps his knees. "Oh, for mercy sake, pity meol" she im plores. ' Keep the secret from St. Aubyn. It will do her no good now to tell St. Aubyn that she lives, and it will kill me. Have mercy on me !" Sis.Redmond Carew pities her, as she grovels in abject terror at his feet, but his stern face never relaxes from its settled pur pose. : '" I shall do my duty," he answers. !reso. lately. ,"I shall tell Lord St. Aubyn that his wife lives." There is a stoepoutside the door. A faint cry breaks from Cassandra's lips, and she starts up and flies from the room through a side'entrance just as the library door opens and St. Aubyn enters. "Well, sir," he says, nodding at Carew, who rises,. " what's your name and what's your business? I beg that you will make both as short as possible, for, my dinner is waiting." He wheels a chair before the grate, sits down, and, elevates his boots upon the polished fender. Sir Ratdmond Carew stands and looks down upon him, with a tinge of red in his swart cheeks, and an ominous glow in his eyes. His fingers work restlessly, as if he longs to seize upon the easy-going nobleman And throttle him. But he controls himself by a great Effort and answers: "I will not keep you away from; your dinner long, my Lord St. Aubyn; !but I doubt whether you will have an appetite for it when you have heard the news 1 am here to tell you.",. - SSomething ;in the speaker's voice and manner , a'rrests St. ' Aubyn's littdntion. He springs to his feet and looks' at him closely.. . \- "By Jove 1'' he ejaculates, "it is Sir Red. mond Carew.l How are you.? .Did~i't know you, I asiaro you. 'pon my lonor," i +r Carew does not' seat'himself, but stands, tall, dark and determined. . "Lord St. Aubyn," he.begins, in alear, measured tones, "! I have been here twice be fore today and failed to see you. I bring you strange news, my lord-though, upon my life, I can't understand why you had'not heard it long ago." St: Aubyn grows pale and moves uneasily. He is thinking 'of Aberdudno: Lodge, and the horrible secret shut up.: there.: Can this scowling Indian officer know aught of that :. " Well, why don't you speak out?" he says. impatiently. "What have you to say, Sir Redmond 2" "I have just reached England, after, a long voyage, and have brought with ne one; of the resoned passengera of the Baltic. Has your lordship an'idea who this pes. senger is?"' St. Aubyn stares at him stupidly. " Why, no-of course I have not," he re. spends. " I was not even aware that a single passenger was saved." ; ; " You took but little trouble to learn, my lord, it seems," continues Sir Redmond, severely. "It is a mystery that none of the letters, sent to inform you of the fact that your wife, Lady St. Aubyn, was one of those rescued passengers, shouldhave reached you. Or did they reach you, my lord ? And did you see fit to ignore and disbelieve the tidings, in your indecent haste to contract a second marriage ?" All this bitter sarcasm is lost upon SM. Aubyn, He has caught only tgo words, "your wife," and he stands starine y blankly at the indignant soldier. The baronet waits a second, but as his lordship makes no reply, he speaks again. " Perhaps you do not care to hear the truth now, my lord," he says, " but I must force it upon you. Iam here to tell you that your wife lives, is now in London, and is ignorant of your recent marriage." ' Good heavens I What is it you say? My wife alive, and in L: n lon I You don't mean Bsss ?" "Yee, my lord-I mean the Morchioness of St. Aubyn." The baronet's soul is in a stormy tumult, but ha keeps his face and voice calmsand cool. "Bess I Bess alive I" repeats St. Aubyn, while a great flesh of jy lights up his face. "PoorlittleBessl Where is she? Let me go to her this instant. Where is she, Carew? For mercy's eake, lctus be quick I" Sir IRdmond meets him with his calm, cool smile. "I am at your service, my lord," he re plies. " We will go at once. But I must remind you that your wife only reached England to-day, and knows nothing of your late marriage with Lidy Cassandra Leudtr." The ut'erance of COseandra's name recalls St. Ainbyn to his sense:'. lie puts his hand to his head, and staggera back against the wall like a man who has been shot. A faint cry issues from an adjoining room; the side door opens, and Cassandra glides in. She goes straight to S. Aubyn's side, and twines he arms about him. " Oh, my love, my hlusband,"she murmurs, with hler lips close to his face, " let us go, and never return to England again I Come while there is time, my love. She can have her child, my dearest husband !" IHe throws her from him amosetrudely. l Iut I will see her l" he cries, with lierce vohemenee. " She is my wife-not you. You knew she was alive, and you have kept it from me, and lured mu into marrying you. Out o! my sight I I never want to see you S so stands crouching .before him, every cruel, unmanly word striking her like a dagger-thrust. At his last command she creeps across the room, and ost at the open door. St. Aubyn catches up his hat, and rushes towards the street. Sir RIdmond Carew follows him. In silence, through the windy darkness, they make their way to MIr. Markhlsm'a residence. Carew puts out his hand to ring the bell. " Stop I" shouts St. Aubyn, in a hoarse voice. "I cannot see her I I cannot face this disgrace I I shall leave England, and let them fight it out as they can." And before the astonished soldier can utter a word, his lordship is gone. le calls a cab, and through the streets he drives towards the Victoria railway station, where he finds a train is just going out. He takes a ticket, and steams away, leaving London, with all its twinkling lights, far behi, d. A couloe of hours later Gees him on board the mail steamer bound for France, flying, like the eelfish coward he is, from the wrong and shame behind him. The dawn creeps through the closed shut-' ters into Cassandra's silent chamber. There she lies, in her lace and jewels, this proud daughter of an earl, prone upon her face, her white hands clenched, her eyes white and glassy, her face cold and set in death. On the table near by stands a tiny phial, in which a few drops of a pungent, colorless liquid yet remain. And thus, when the dany grows ann the home is astir, they find her dead-dead by her own hand I" OHAPTER XXXIV. Josme's AbnvasTuno. Captain Sir Redmond Carew: stands upon the steps, his hand on the bell-knob. How can he go in and face poorBase, waiting and hungering for a' eight of her husband? How shall;he-?break the terrible news to her? ' It is the hardest trial of all the brave soldier's life, but he knows it must be done. He rings the bell with a dull ache at his heart. ' The door opens instantly, and behind the servant who admits him he cees Bess her self, her wan little face all aglow with ex pectant joy. She rushee forward and catches his hand. " Oh, Redmond, where is my husband ? and where is my child?" He takes her hand and leads her back into the drawing-room. "Sit down, Bees," he says, tenderly, "and when you are calm I have something to tell you." A sudden terror leaps into her eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. " What is it?"'sho falters. "'What has happened ? Who is, dead ? My child ?" .Sir Redmond site beside her and takes both her hands in his.' "Look at me, Bess," he says, "and ece what a brave, strong little woman you can be. No one is dead. Your child is alive and so is Lord St. Aubyn." She draws along breath of relief and looks up at him with the old smile returning to her soft eyes.. "Thank Heaven," she murmurs. "If they are both alive nothing very dreadful can have happened. What is it, Redmond ? Is Lord St. Aubyn .absent from England ? He must be, or he would have come to me. You have sent for him, of course, and he will soon be here?? Tell me all about it, please." 'The captain looks at her in infinite'pity. How can he tell her? He starts to his feet, and thoughtlully paces up and down the room.. Bees' watches him' with a nameless fear creeping to her face. She rises and follows him, and slides her little hand into his . ... "Redmond; dear friend," she whispers, "something terrible has happened; I see it in yourffaee.. Tell me; anything is better than this suspense." He" wh'eel?round and faces her. "Bets,' 'he replies: suddenly, 'T Lord St. Aubyn is married again." She looks at him in a dull, uncompre hending way. ' . Married I" - she repeats. " Wh~j, 'Rd. mond, what can you mean ?" '! He thought you were dead, Bess," con tinues the captain, desperately, "and hehas married Lady Cassandra Lauder." "Married I My baby's father married 1" Her whitening lips 'frame .the words, but give forth no sound. + The color drifts slowly, from brow 'and cheek, and she drops like a. blighted lily at the soldier's feet.. . ' e stoops and raises her in his arms just as Mrs. Markham enters. -, There she is," he says, as he lays Bess on the -sofa. "I have'told her' and it has killed her. That villain shall answer for her murder. I'll go and find him now." .He is striding from the room with' a de termined face, but his 'old friend follows him.: " Stop, Redmond Carew," she says; " re main.where, you are.. I Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a new wife every week, you are not called upon to interfere. The law will' look 'to him. Stay where you are, and help the poor girl ; she is merely in a faint." He returns in sullen silence, and they set about reviving poor Bess, The task is a hard one. She lies for hours in a deathlike swoon, and it is not until after a surgeon has been called in that they succeed in re storing any signs of animation. At last the hectic red flutters back to her thin cheeks, and her eyes open with a frightened stare. "Marriedl My baby's father married I'" she repeats in a gasping whisper. Mrs. Markham bends over her, stroking her hair, and saying gently: '" There, poor dear, you mustn't take it so to heart. He believed you were dead, you know." " Yes, but how could they forget me so soon 1" These words quiver from her white lips in gasping sobs and sheis convulsed with bitter weeping. Sir Iedmond Carew looks on in fierce indignation. "Don't cry so, Bess," he says at last; "that roan is not worth it. You should be glad to be rid of him, the villain I" Bess lookls up with wet, startled eyes. "No, Redmond," she interposes, hurriedly, "I will not hear you condemn him. Lard St. Aubyn is not to blame. How should he know that I would come back from the dead ? lIe had a right to marry Lady Cassandra. You know, Redmond, they loved each other lona before the marquis met me." IMrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. " But, my poor dear," she says, "Lord Si. Aubyn will have to take you bacnek. of course, when he learns that you are alive." Iut Bees shtakes her head sadly. ''Ishall never come bltWen them again," she says. "But I must have my child." "You shall have hint, BIss, I promise you." " But did Ltord St. Auhyn say so? Did you see him, I.dmnond You have not told me yet. Does he lknow that I still live !" ' Yes, he knows it, Bss." "RItdmond," she asks, in a low voice, " what did he say ? Did he seem glad or sorry?' The captain shuts his teeth hliard; his agony through all this trying scene is greater than anything the forsaken wife feels. "I think he was glad, Bess," he answers truthfully, " when I first told hIim. He looked glad, I thought. But it places him in a bad positiln, you see. I-I think hs will leave England." Her lips quiver again, but she dashles the tears from her eyes. "Yes, of course, he will leave England, and take Cassie with hiim. I can exoect nothing else-though he did love me, Rad mend. He used to pet me so,'and callme ' little mother.' I wish I could see him and tell him how I feel. I don't blame him, and I hope he-illt be very happy- he and Lady Cassandra. I shall never lift my finger to do them harm; but I must have my child.' "Yes, y0u shall have your child, BMss." On this same February afternoon the late train which entered the small town .neaorest to Aberdudno Lodge put down a solitary passenger-a little maiden, closely wrapped end hooded, and carrying a small valise in her hand. She stands' an instant on the wet comfort. less platform, looking with keen bright eyes ; then, gathering her wind-tossed cloak more closely, she makes her way into the heart of the drearylittle town. A public-house with the image of the brazen lion on its swaying sign attracts her notice, and she walks briskly up the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. " Well, miseis," says the landlord, strug gling briskly to his dumpy legs, " what can Ido for you ?" " I wish to know in what direction I can find.'Aberdodno Lodge," replies the little maid, speaking in broken Englisb. " Aberdodno Lodge I" he r-peats, emerg ing from behind his bar. '" Well, my pretty miss,if you'll just step out I'll show you the old place. You can see it plainly enough. And a regular old ghost nest it is." •He makes his way to the door and Josie for iris sabe-follows him. "That's, the place, my dear," he says, pointing one stubby finger towards a huge black pile on the summit of a sea-washed cliff. Josit looks at the grim old structure with bright and fearless eyes. S"Now, can you get me a carriage .o drive up there?" she asks presently. The landlord expresses his astonishment in aprolonged whistle.-? .. " Why, what does it mean ?"heosays-"so many pretty-faced women-folks going up there. What does it mean ?-that's what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lass was here after a con vayance up to Aberdudno. I ecnt her up and that was the last of it; she did not come back. Maybe Bluebenrd lives up tl'ere in them black turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, I can't think of such a thing as sending you to that old ghost-trap at this hour; you can stay here at the Golden Lion to-night if you like, and I may manage it in the morning." IHe puts out his fat hand to pat the girl's shoulder. She draws back with flashing eyes, and almost falls into the arms of a young gentleman who has just come up the steps. '"Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?" demands the new-comer, before Jodens recovers her breath sufficiently to eptSk. The dumpy landlord turns round in evident consternation. " Ab, it's you, Sir Arthur, is it I" he cries, in an apologetic voice. "lHad no thought of seeing you back so soon. Glad to see you, though, Sir Arthur. There's a good fire in the parlor. Come in, sir, please." Mr. Dobbs ignores the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, and directs his attention solely. to :Sir Arthur, as he has been called; but Sir Arthur himself looks towards her with admiring glances. " beg your pardon," he ventures to say, after some hesitation ; " but if I can be of any service to you, it will give me pleasure." Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp took, and she sees at a glance that the man before her is a gentleman. She makes a quaint curtesy, that strikes the young baronet as being grace itrelf. " I thank you, monsieur," she replies. "I stopped here to make inquiries about Aber. dudno Lodge.. I would be glad if I could get a carriage to talke me to the place. That's it, I believe, on the cliff there?" The landlord makes an attempt to speak, but els silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes ; and Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking that he never saw such eyes before, makes answer : "That is Abordadno Lodge, and a dreary old place itis. Surely you have no thought of going there to-night ?" Josie hesitates a minute, glancing out into the misty eloom. "I did think of it," she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. "sMy dear young lady," says the gentle man, earnestly, "let me persuade you to give over such a purpose. You have no idea what a steep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge is when you arrive there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into ruins, and is quite deserted. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days of the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Aubyn's neglect." "It is quite deserted, you eay?" repeats Josie. " Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghosts, so the country folk about here have it." " Not for such a long time, though, Sir Arthur," puts in the landlord. "An old man lived there until-let's see-Monday yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and she took him away." " Indeed 1" responds Sir Arthur. " I was not aware the old place had been inhabited for years." "Yes, Sir Arthur," continues Mr. Dobbs, eagerly, "the old man has lived here for years-one of Lord St. Aubyn's servants, 1 think. The old chap never let on what he was-mum as a mouse. He came down once in a while for wine;, but the lady came, and I sent her up there and she didn't come back. She sent word by the lad as she meant to stay all night, and take the old man away with her next morning. He being her father, I suppose she did, Sir Arthur, as we've not clapped eyes on the old 'un since." " And you have never heard of any other persons being seen at thelodge ?" asks Joeie, her eyes full of feverish interest. "Never a soul,miss," he replies, cheerfully "only when Lord Sr. Aubyn came once with his sick wife, and that was years ago." Josie gathers up her cloak, and looks dubiously out into thle gloomy afternoon. "If you have a great desire to see the old place," puts in Sir Arthur, politely, " and would like to go up tomorrow, my dogcart is lhere, and my man is at your service." TThank you, sir," replies Josie, after a moment's thought, "bot sienc I find the place dlEerteCd, I may change my mind. I will not put you to further trouble. Good day." She trips away, rnd the two men look after her with admiring eyes. ';She ,-n't belong to these part," remarks the landlcrd. Sir Arehhur says nothiong, but his facs be trays his curiosity and interest. He stands irresolute an instant, and then strides down the steps. "You are not going, Sir Arthur?" ques tions Dobbs. "Yes,' responds the baronet. "I'll be back in an hour. Keep my dinner hot." He walks rapidly away. in the same diree tion in which Josie has just dis'npenred-a circumstance which elie's a shrewd wink and shrug of the shoulders from the landlord, as he makes htis way hack to the inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthur pursues hi walk. and in a very few minutes comes in sight of Josie. She is in the main street which runs throughl the town, and which cemmands a fine view of the Iheadlands and of Aberdudno Lodge. She walks on briskly for some time, and Sir Arthur follou., keeping hlier in sight. " Now, I should like to know," he thinks, " who she is, and what she wants at suchl a place as Aberdudno ?" He slackens his pace, for Josic has paused in her brisk walk and stands irreiolutr, with her eyes Coed upon the old lodge. For the space of a moment she lingero, thetn strikes boldly out into the randy cliff road winding upwards to the lodge on the semmit of the cliff.--( To be c,,einsused,) 2-44 