from the tents of h kedar. Br Mrs. Lynn Linton. I. Doubtless the nurso was roprehensible j but who could have foreseen eVil to a little maid of three, left for fivo minutes asleep in the garden of her own home while Nqnnu went un into the house- for -another number of the penny paper in which was running . .. -the"; enthralling . story of "The Brigand's Brokbh" Vow"? Nnnna was not absent more than five minutes by the clock, buc that was long enough for the mischief to' be done. When she camo back tho little one was gone — gone no one knew where and no one knew how — gone without a sound, a cry, a fragment of torn silk left on the hedge, a footprint on tho ground, to show whichway she went. It was as sudden as magic and as inexplicable. Are there really evil spirits roaming at- will through spaee, and free to Work ruin and disaster on the hapless children of men? But seek and cry and hurry hither and thither as they might, neither the servants, before --the parents' return home nor those parents themselves, whim they did return— those distraught and miserable Brans- combes, who hitherto had been the envied of all— could, find so much as a fragment by which their lost child might be traced. She liad gone like a stone dropped into tho water — vanished like the dew of the morn ing or a mist wreath on the mountain-side— and it seemed impossible that she should ever be found agnin. Woods were searched, rivers were dragged, ponds were netted, moors were scoured from dawn to dusk— all iu vain. Even the gipsy encampment, which had been hereaway for some weeks now, and which broke up and went away last night, Was followed and searched from end to end. But no child answering to the description of that golden- haired, blue-eyed, three-year- old Hilda Brnnseombo rewarded the searchers. Tho swarthy, towzled, ragged little varlets playing about tho horses' heels, and ducking under the tents liko rabbits running to . their holes, wore gipsies to the last hair of 'their unkempt heads. And what country constable could have suspected a Christian Saxon child in that sick infant, within the old "random's tent, lying in tho stupor of fever wrapped up in rags and blankets — her fair skin dyed with walnut juice, her golden hair plastered with soot apd grease, and her blue eye3 made black as night with the juice of belladonna? Who could have seen through the client ? Not Constable Smith : for all that he was a shrewd fellow in his own way, and could make two and two into four as well as most people. '. But to make them into five, or to see through a millstone, was beyond him. As the gipsies wore cleverer than he, the cheat escaped detection, and Jim Fuy, tho oid gipsy grnndain's oldest son, was held to have deserved well of his tribe in that lie had successfully stolen for them a christened child to be their sign of prosperity and tho bringer of good luck in their undertakings. The mystery of this sudden disappearance was never solved. The sadness was never lifted from tho mother's heart ; the man's rage at the fate which had wrought him woo, and baffled his endeavors to repair and re store, wub never absent from Mr, Brans-, combo's mind. Between tho two, all who lived with them had a laird time of it ; and specially that luckless Nanna, who had cause to wish 20 times a day that the author of "The Brigand's Broken Vow" had never been born. VVhoh, however, the year after this grievoUB loss Aunt Maria brought to the hall her brother Sam's 'orphan boy, Hubert Branscombe, a feeble ray of sickly sunshine spread over the house, and the pre sence of this child, while it in pnrt accen tuated, in part also soothed, their sorrow. Of precisely the same age as tho lost Hilda — fair like her, blue-eyed, trim and delicate— the women did their best to forget tjiat Hubert was a boy, and looked on him rather as' the duplicate, tho substitute, for their little girl. They kept him in baby frocks and short sleoves, with sashes and necklaces, till ho was of ago when other boys go to school. Then they put him into Velvet tunics and point-luce collars, and cherished his long curia, so that at 12 years of ago they flowed over his shoulders liko a girl's. In all ways possible to them they broke the inconvenient core of his boyish in stincts, and made him effeminate, picturesq ue, pretty-behaved, amenable. In the ruin of one life they 'sought to forget the loss of tho other. Failing the restoration of Hilda, of which now they had lost all kind of hope, Hubert was destined to bo the heir of tho estate ; and, though Mr. Branscombe would have liked a more masculine training for tho lad who was to come after him, lie respected his wife's grief too much to interfere witli her questionable anodyne. When he tried to remody the mischief, it was too late ; Hubert was essentially and for ever a " mammy-boy," out of whom all real manli ness had been for ever crushed. . 'So time passed till Hubert was 18 years of ago — languidly skimming the surface of the classics and mathematics under the super intendence of a young Cantab msthete, who had been twice "ploughed," and who had then come out as low as ho well could to come out at all. But he was great in bluo china, in the worship of lilies, in ability to Write vague and melancholy "ballades" apd " triolets and, though Mr. Brans combe despised him, the women, in their oivii way, adored him, and thought him just the person for tho boy whom they had ruined by their very love. And thus it was that' now, on the thres hold of manhood, Hubert Branscombe, the future possessor of tho estate, knew no more of ah Englishman's active life — of a youth's preparations for a man's duties — than a caged Binging-bird knows of an eaglet's flight. Fastidious, delicate, indolent, dreamy — ho hold in horror all that was strong, rude, vigorous, or natural. Ho was rtodest to prudery, and his morality was as narrow as it' was severe. Ho would not have told u lie to save his life, but he would have cast the first ' stone agaiust a sinner, and nothing tried his religious faith ; so much as tho Master's forgiveness of sins. Add to this that his list of sins was largo and' compre hensive, and included conventional misde meanors among its graver issues, and it is easy to understand how precious he must bo to the women, though his uncle thought things might have been better. II. 'The charm had failed ; and the good luck Which, by all the laws of gipsy sorcery, Bliould havo followed on tho possession 6f the stolon Christian child, had signally de serted tho tribe since Hilda hud been mado oiic of them. Yet they had not. been in fault. The little Sun-maiden had been well cared for, and frankly worshipped. In tiic clay time, and while prying eycB were about, olio hail been daubed and stained, and siVathed in rags and jags, so ns to bo wholly unrecognisable ; and, though never brutally treated, yet sbo hud been hustled and cuffed with the rest. But once a month, when the moon was at the full, she had been washed and adorned ; her long fair luiir had been cleansed from the soot and filth that had disfigured it, brushed free of all witch-knots and tangles, and combed so that it- flowed over licr shoulders like tho sun's rays; and she hull been set iu the mjdst of hor swarthy captorR to be loved nnd adored as their " mascot " and symbol ns well as bringer of good fortune. . For was she not possessor of a higher kind of Naagic than evon tho best unioug them kuetr-T" Unconscious possessor as she might ho, was not the very fact of her inheritance their warranty for good luck? But, alas ! the spoil had worked the oilier way ; and only the plagues of loss and sorrow had befallen tiie tribe sinco tho " Chrisom child " had become their secret idol. First the old grandam, who lielcl tho plane of . queen and head, hud died, and loft tlte tribe lcaderless, For her son, the man who hnrl stolen the child, was scarce a practicable head, seeing that he was in prison for horsc-Btenling, and not likely to bo soon released ; not likely, indeed, to bo ever released again, for his wild gipsy blood turned to water under the confinement of prison, nnd he was most of his time in tho infirmary. At last he was there in perpetuity, till he was carried out by tho "young men" who waited on tho feet of Death. After his death things went but badly for all concerned. The tribe gradually dwindled and dispersed, till at last only tho widow of the poor dead horse- stealcr, with her son and daughter, and the littlo Sun-maiden, now growing up- to girlhood, were left to face the hard world as they best might. They made but a poor business of it, for nil that Sally, tho daughter, had inherited iriuch of the old grandam's knowledge and insight, and though Jim, the son, was a likely lad with his hnnd3, and as handsome, a young vagabond as tho sun shono on. Bat wiien .the lust; blows came— when the widow died of fever ; and Jasper, Sally's week-old hus band, wub taken red-hunded among: the phelsants j and Jim was sent to prison, liko his father before him, for making free with a horse he had neither bought nor bred, leaving only sister Sally, to wear tho willow, and the stolen girl, now grown into the young womanhood of 18, to sink or swim as fate and fortuno should ordain — thou the evil influence which had been brought among them was recognised, and Sully vowod that the spell should bn broken. " You've brought us bud luck, little sister," site said, looking at her younger companion gloomily from under her straight black eyebrows; "and the planets will never be ruled right till you be sent to your own. It wns un evil day for us when father took you from your home. So pack up your duds and let us make tracks, for it gives me the creeps when I look at you and think of all the lives your yellow hair has cost us. Yellow ! it's dyed blood- red' to us ! " " My homo ! Where is my home, Sal? " asked Hilda, starting up all aflame. It was tho first clear intimation she had over hud of belonging to anyone in the flesh. She knew that she was different from her foster-parents, and not- of the tribe nor the family — that she was not own sister to Jim — of late she had been glad to know that — nor yet, to Sally, who had always been her mistress and tyrant ; that she was in no way related to the elder Jim or his widow, for all that she had called them "fathsr"und "mother;" nor yet was the granddaughter of the old Qneen who once a month used to comb her yellow hair and call her "Pretty" and "Sunflower," and treat her as a kind of idol for that evening — an idol decked out with silk and ribbon and flowers and tinsel, but going back to soot and rags and cuffs and hard words to-inor- row morning. But she never knew whoso child she was ; nor had she heard of her home, save as a kind of fairy land beyond the sens, whence she had been brought to the grosser life of tho working world by storks or cranes or some such outlandish porters. And when Sally said this, and spoke of her own and her home, no wonder licr curiosity was all aflamo, and that she started up with tho wild demand My home ! Whore is my home, Sal ? And who are my own ? " " You are tho child of a gorgio and a rye, and you lived at a placo they call Branscombe Tower," replied Sally; "and fnthcr nabbed you when you were a cliiavo lying asleep on the grass in the garden, and brought you homo to bring us good iuek. But you'vo brought us nothing but ill, and 3inoe you nnd your yellow hair came to our tents wo have gone from bad to worse, fill now — see where we are !" "But where--whero is it?" cried Hilda. It was all very well for Sally to be so cold and indifferent. To hor it mattered little, but to the Christian girl herself it was more than life and death ! "Ask mo no questions and I'll tell you no lies ! So stow your patter, keep close, and look alivo !" Baid Sally, sullenly. And with this meagre comfort the "littlo sister " was forced to be contont. But what evidences Sally possessed she let the girl see. She showod her the rude chart which father had mado, with roads and indications, mark ing ont where Branscombe Tower was to be found and how it wns best to be reached. She showed her tho baby frock and pelisse and all tho dainty littlo wardrobe that had been so carefully preserved ever since the theft — the coral necklace, tho small bronze shoes nnd open-worked socks, tho bluo sash, .the bluo bows on the short sleeves. All had been kept as re ligiously as a Catholic preserves the sacred vestments of the priests or the still . more sacred gowns and jewels and adornmcuts of the holy images. The Bight of these things wakened up in Hilda a certain vague chaotic recollection of the past days, when she wore them ; but it was too vague, too chaotic, to reduce to substantiality, and she let herself drift for ward, not backward, into glorious but dis quieting anticipations rather than regrets and recollections. She only asked, fever ishly : " When shall wo go, Sal ?"— for the elder girl was her mistress — and Sal ans wered sharply : "Now." All .that day and nil the' next they tramped, nnd sometimes rode in friendly waggons that gave them a lift in return for Sally's " reading the stars," or because of Hilda's blue eyes and fair hair. And all that day and all the next Sally took more than a mother's care of the " littlo sister," whom she hated as a woman, yet feared as an iniluenco. No liurm of any kind had ever been suffered to befall her. She had been kept pure from all unholy contact, if — for her natural station— rudely, handled and roughly taught. She had been "learned" only the rudiments of reading and writing, but she had been instructed in much gipBy lore, and she knew tho secrets of the wood lands and the tricks of tho tribe as well as any of them. From superstition rather than love the daintiest morsels, the softest pil low, the most sheltered seat, and the cleanest rags had been given to her. Sho was an ulien, truly, hut sho was their superior ; and, by . tho higher " initiation" gained through Christian baptism, she was entitled to their symbol of good-fortune. It was part of tho unwritten law tliut sho was to be kept as pure as any vestal ; and there was nothing on which Sally prided herself more than on the thoroughness with which this had been done. No man'n lip had ever touched hers; no man's voice had evor spoken of love. "As you came, so you go," she said more than once ; and Hilda knew too well the weight of Iter hand to ask more than it wa3 intended she should understand. At Inst the long tramp came to an oud, and they reached the littlo stream which ran through tho park and under tho bridgo across tho road. Turning off, and going down beneath tho bridge, they mado their simple toilet to present themselves fitly at tho great house up yonder. Sally brushed Hilda's hair,, as her grandnm used to do, and spread it over licr . shoulders and down to her waist, in a long Bhceb . of . gold. ' Sho hersclt washed tho younger girl's feet nnd rubbed her shoes; and shook out her Bkirls. Sho ar ranged hor dress with the picturesque taste that comes of second nature to a gipsy ; and, when sho had " busked " Hilda to 'tile best »f her ability, she arranged herself,' for tho sake of the littlo sister whom she hated, protected, despised, yet feared, nil in ono. And then, with clean hands and faces, smooth hair, and well-brushed Bkirts — all stain of dust and travel removed, und their finery, such as it wus, as well adjusted as Sally could adjust it — carrying their bundles in their hands. Hilda's containing her "charms" and personal treasures, Sally's the clothes which had been on tho child when stolen ; they wont by a crosscut througli .tho park nnd up to the big house — stnnding too close to that narrow by- lane. for tho safety of a fair.headcd child left asleep in the garden, with that clever " chorainongro" Jim Fay stealing along by the hedge. -All in a tremor and a terror, Hilda scarce knew how she felt as she walked on to the house.. And this was her home— from this grand place, this substantial fairyland, sho had been taken as a child, to bo brought up in those tonts of Kedar, where she had been alternately cuffed like a vnrlet and wor shipped like a " mascot." What a chuos it all was ! To her natural pride in tills con firmation of her superiority over bor foster family was added dread of tho unknown world she was about to enter. To her natural longing to see her own— her very own father and mother, was added tho pain of parting with those who had nurtured hor for nil these long years. Should she ever see them again ? Surely ! She would know when Jim came out of prison — which men tally she called " quod" — and she would be one of the first to congratulate him. Sho wondered how lie was getting oh behind those grim stone walla, and if he ever thought of her. The thought of tho handsome gipsy lad, who feared .God and man not at nil nnd tho devil bnt little, brought tho blood to her fneo for girlish longing to see him ngain. But site took care to keep silence to Sally. She knew that hey big "sister" had already stood between them, to the utmost of hor power, and would to tliq last moment of her life. Let who Would lie Jim's " fanfiy," it should not bo Hilda Brariscombo if Sally could prevent it ! But she herself would bo faith ful to tho old friendship. Let" what would happen sho would be loyal to hand some Jim, ns a girl brought up in tho gipsy code of honor should be. All of which thoughts occupied her so that when they came up to tho door of the house it was almost as if she had been brought there by magic or in lier sleep. Sally rang the bell, and. a powdered footman opened the door. He was very majostic, very haughty and fine and grand ; und when the gipsy woman asked to see "Mrs. Branscombe, the lady," he visibly started back in astonishment — open-mouthed at hor audacity. "Certainly not," ho said, .making as though he would shut the door. "My lady does not seo the likes of you." A curious change came over Sally's face. Sho had inherited some of thoso strange powers which run in the Romany blood. She looked hard at the man ; then said — her eyes, as it wore, two points of fire — 'What were you doing that dark night, when you met tho humpbacked man by tho oak-tree and gave him that small black bag? There were shining things inside. Now you'll go and tell tho lady that a gipsy woman wants to see her — a gipsy woman who has brought back - her lost child, Hilda." Tho man blanched, and slunk away; and in a minute there came into the hall a small party of five — two women of mature age, an olderly man, and a youth with a young man at his back — in an attitude. Tho foremost lady — a tall and stately woman — wus white as death, the other — smaller, rounder, more florid — wns flushed from brow to chin. On tho face of the first wns four, expectation, eagerness, lovo ; on that ot the other, doubt and displeasure. It was tho mother who feared and hoped, the aunt who doubtdd and wns displeased at the word which the man had brought in. The father's face reflected tho . feelings of his wife — tho nephews of his aunt. What was life and joy aud love to them was dispos session nnd destruction to these others. What was it they saw as they came ont into the hall ? A true gipsy woman, with a. bright kerchief round her houd/'b'Btreh.ttf' which her glossy ebon curls fell over her sunburnt cheeks and down her swarthy neck — a true gipsy, with the beauty and the boldness of her dark race — its astute ness and its cunning, its strange sense of superiority aud as strange attitude of sub mission ; and a tall, wall-grown, beautiful young girl, with tho blue eyes and golden hair of tlio typical English race, standing in the sunlight like an angel com panioned by a demon, thought the young tutor, screwing the thought up iu'to rhyme. "I have brought her back, my lady," said Sally, with that queer mixture of defiance nnd carneying characteristic of her kind. "Father took her from here 15 years ago, and brought her to us for luck ; but we've never bad none since she came, so I've brought licr back to you — as good a maid as sho was then, and no discredit to uoborly." The tall girl, with tho sun shining on her hair and touching it into gold, made one hesitating step forward. The elder lady, her face drawn and almost convulsed, also mado a step forward to meet her. "Is this my mother?" said Hilda, in a moved voico. But Aunt Maria thrust herself between. She had her nephew's inttrests to safeguard; and she resented this restoration of the rightful inheritor. " We must havo proof," she said hastily. " Who would believe a beggar woman's as sertion without ptoof?" Sally opened her bundle. " Here arc her duds — they are my proofs," sho returned; " This hero lass is Hilda Branscombe, if ever there was a Hilda Branscombe at ail, and you may tako her or leave her, as you've u mind. Mo anil mino wash our hands of her, for she has brought us bad luck, and we want to be rid of her." " Lord love her 1" cried Nanna, who had joined the eager group in the hall. " Lord love her ! These are tho very things she had on when she was took away— her shoes und her sash anil her pelisse und her neck lace— I remember them all us if it was only yesterday. She is Miss Hilda, sure enough. I can see it as I look at hor !" Hilda turned with a proud face to Sally. "If they do not want me, sister, I will go back with you till I find someono who will have inc," she said, making as if she would leave the hall. " No ! You will stay here," paid Mr. Branscombe, with authority. " You, woman" — to Sally — "must make your story good before we accept it ns true ; and yon " — to Hilda — " if you arc our daughter, will have a daughter's place in our homo aiid hearts." His voice faltered. It was sweet to have his own again, and ho did not seo the thou sand and one little lushes in appearance and manner which tho ladies had ulready noticed. " I seem to remember something of it; all," said Hilda, licr voice, too, fullering as she looked from her mother to her futhor, ' and from him to Nanua. "Sally, sister, it is true, is it not? — it is true?" . - " By my father's hand, this is Hilda Branscombe, that my father siolo for luck, and we have kept for 15 year arid more," said Sally, solemnly. "And if you don't choose to tulcc her, kind lady and gentle man, she can go to prison like anyone else, but she doesn't come back no more with me." "I do not want to go back with no one, neither with you nor to stay here, if so be I am not welcome," said Hilda, proudly; and again she made as if to leave, licr eyes dry but her breast lioaving. "Hilda, stay !" cried Mrs. Branscombe. \- At licr voico Hilda turned back, looking at her mother as if to read her very heart. " You will hove mo ?" sho asked, "Yes," said Mrs. Branscoinbe, holding out her arms. "I feel that you aro my child." " Thank you, mother," said Hilda, taking her mother's outstretched hand. I VVith a curious mixture of dignity and humility she bent both head anil knee and kissed tho hand she field, leaving two bright tears, as tho. sign of- her adoption — the bap tism of her birth. nr. "She is awful !"said Aunt Mario. " She is a beast !'.' said Hubert, Btartled out of his refinement by disgust. Even' Mrs. Brauscombe, for all her maternal instinct— that divine storage which had been so cruelly wrung Rnd now ought tu havo been so blissfully satisfiod — oven siic scarcely know wlmt to do with her new found treasure . Her child sure enougli sho was, but what kind of child for such a woman to possess?' Imagine tho wifo of n county magnate with a daughter who could barely read- and write, who intcrlardod her talk with " Romany " and thieves' slnng, who had as much knowledgo of grammar ns sho had ot French or geography ; who could play tho banjo nnd beat tho tambourine, but who did- riot know a - note of music nor tho name of an opera ; who could danco wild gipsy dances, pronounced by tho ladies to hp "not nice,' but who knew nothing of civilised. "squares" or "rounds"— n daughter who .believed in charms and magic, the, Evil Eyo and fortuno-telling, who would riot be photographed for love or money, nor accept a shoe-string from her mother, nor eat eels, . nor do this or that at certain times of . the moon, and -who cherished a .. huge . toad ns ono of her imagers'1 of good luck and emblems of .better fortuno; a daughter who could not bo kept in the house for half an hour to gether, arid who would not put on cloak or hat when sho wont out; who jumped up from the table as- soon as sho had finished her own dinher, and pouted and flouted if forced --to remain to the ond; a daughter who fraternised -with the groom, callod the footman 'a -gentleman in "Romany," was mortally- afraid of tile butler, and ' on terms of friendly familiarity with the gamekeeper! What was to ho done with her? Learn she Jiours-of- tho - day and .night she would;, ritld' scolding only made her savage, - aqd;-" remonstrance of a' milder sort filled her with barbarous amaze ment.' ; . She could ride— yes; in truth, sho could ride with a' vengeance!— and barebacked more readily than witli'a saddle. As for a hat and habit, she' lapghed with derision when these were produced, and cried with' self-Cpntriinpt w-lien; forced to put them 'on. Arid somehow, she contrived to tear the skirt of her brand-new " Rridfern " so deplorably ns to render it Impossible for after- wear — which caused infinite satisfaction to herself, if ariger to her iriotlier and scorn from Aunt Maria. What could bo done witli a creature who one day caiho flying into the house with a hedgehog in- her hand, ns radiant- as if sho had a pearl, .insisting thnt cook should imme diately bake the creature in wood ashes for her .dinner, as a dish fit indeed to set before a king ? Talk' of heredity — where was heredity' compared with education ? She might hive been a little lady in the enmp, but set amoiig English ladies and gentlemen she was' just, a fair-Kaired gipsy girl, and they could make nothing of her. True, she was pretty enough for a dozen, but what of that ? licr skin was sunburnt by exposure, her hands were coarse by want of care, her feet were 'fine for a statue bnt spread for a bootmaker; sho -had a glorious figure granted, -:but a .figure built on tho lines of tho Venus of Milo, and innocent of stays or belts— -what ;:of' that for a county magnate's crack dressmaker to pull into Bhape ? No! this lost child -found, this English roaa plucked.'from the tents of Kedar, was a trialand a disappointment, tako her how one' would, and even the mother had to own that this beautiful flower of girlhood hud too many thorns for comfortable wearing. On her own side things were just as in harmonious''- with' hor us she was to them. The gipsy-bred girl, accustomed to the wild freedom of tho camp, grow sick with a curious version of nostalgia in the luxurious home, which whs her rightful inheritance. Those hot arid stifling rooms made hor head ache iis it had never ached before. The rich and varied ; food disagreed with her ; tho downy softness and. smooth monotony of everything enervated arid irritated her. But worse than these weto her cousin Hubert an his tutgr, Jdar mad uko Montgomery ShintFoTnr'he' one "was her implacable enemy, who squirmed with malice, tho other her sentimental lyrist, who squirmed with admiration. Anyhow, they both squirmed, each in his own way, and both were more hateful to her than a couplo of snakes or eels. " You a cousin of mine !" she said one day to the delicate fastidious youth who hud shrieked piteousiy when stung by a wasp., on his hand. "You — who.',, cannot fide barebuck, nor throw a stone that jyili hit a bird, nor shoo ahorse if,n.oed,b<i»;nqr harness ono to a cart, nor drive that cait aloiig a lane when harnessed, nor dp one mortal thing that the lowest Ro many or them all. can do ! You my couBin, who would not touch a toad, nor a snail, nor a. hedgehog, nor even a bnt, and who squeqls jikfi a pig if stung by a, bpe ... pri 'your neck or a wasp on your hand ! I don't believe it 1 You are fit onlV to mind the children — and that vou couldn't do !.. " Arid . you are . only fit for your dirty vulgar gipsies. . You are q gipsy yourself," said Hubert', taking up tho glove. " " where at least we are men and women, not dolls and daisies liko you !" returned Hilda, sluppiqg his face. Her cbnteiiipt for this cousin of hers was beyond measpro and beyond control. She despised hini" with tho whole force of hor being; frorti head to heel, inside nnd out. And when she saw Aunt Maria caress and cosset this apology for a man, her blood turned- to water— when it-was not flame— and she longed with a passion that was akin to madness frir the -savage simplicity of the tents— even for. tho rough' usage of tho men and women who at least were men nnd women, nud knew iiow to make themselves respected.- - And again, ;when that doloful creature Marinaduko Montgomery Suintfoin looked at her. With -those, sheep's eyes of his, his flabby hands dangling nervelessly from his loosely-crosSed wrists, she remem bered her handsomo gipsy foster-brother, Jim, Who had' cuffed her many a time, but had protected her as often, nnd who was a man of his hands, and a man who under stood more than ever a gorgio knows, let what would be hiB lack of scholarship and his little . mistake about that liorso which had landed him in gaol. And whon she thought of all this, and contrasted the past with such disadvantage to the present, her spirit chafed so that sho could not remain indoors. No matter wlmt tho bleak winter weather, no matter what the untimely hour, when Bhe felt like this sho was up and out into tho woods anil fields, walking, walking for' hours, as if to dis- tanco the ghosts that pursued her. If only Sally , had not taken so dead against licr, if she had not; credited hor with the Evil Eye, nnd.bolioyod her to bo the bringer of ill luck to the tribe, she would luivo mado tracks for the old haunts and associates ; but as things were she could not, and sho had not courage enough to try " new diggings." What she wanted was the old life, tho old conditions, the old loves, Boftened, beautified, glorified in her. memory ub tlicy were by absence, imagination;, and the desolation of the pre sent. , IV. Six months hpd come and gono since that "ureud, autumnal day whon Sally had taken back to licr homo tho little Bister whose life she ubil tlgrs had spoilt — and done them selves no good by the damage. During this time1 some ' slight change . towards conven tionality', hud been wrought. in " the change ling.'" Sliq liad been reduced to a littlo orderliri'oBs "In times and habitB. Sho bail learned to abw,' in a rude fashion enougli, but still 'tqil'ccrtuin extent sho could cokblo upa rent and Bet on a string. And she had bcqn taught personal cioauliness, and some kind.of lipatnoss iu her dress and appear- ance. ' Shbiyus ,by no meuns a properly conducted English lady, but she was not such h barbarian its she has been ; and, . though tho reverse of harmonious witli her surroundings,; she was- n.ot in such violent and -wholly Irreconcilable apposition. Y ct hor heart was always in those tents of Kedar whence she liad been so strangely banished. And now, when the real "gipsy nights" wcro beginning, and tho passionato influences of spring were stirring tho soft air of heaven — whon young hearts beat high and young blood rnn swiftly in tho veins, and vague desires filled the mitul with longings that had no immo nor shape, thiugs were oven worso than before with her, and her sonl was sad and her heart was heavy. To-day homo matters had all boon criss cross and out of gear. Tho mother had been peevish nnd ill-contcnt ; Aunt Mnria, rasping and nggressivo ; Hubert, contemptuous and aggravating; Marmad uke Montgomery Saint- foin, more loathsomo than ordinary, and Hilda herself had been insolent to evcryono alike. " Like a wild cat !" Enid Aunt Maria, turn ing up the end of her sharp little red nose with a peculiar sniff, expressive of infinite disdain. And Hilda lmd answered back with a flash, " Wild cat yourself, Aunt Maria !" and then had broken out into n torrent of unintelligible jargon, which it wns quite ub well for all concerned neither mother nor aunt understood. Tho girl hail thnt conso lation — alio could harangue them in " Romany," nnd deliver her bouI of some of its perilous stuff, without fear of reprisals. When night came on she could not rest. Her blood was on fire, and sho felt hor chains too heavy to bo borne. Her pretty bedroom, with itB luxury and refinement, was a prison wherein sho could no longer live. She was like a nestling cuelcoo, alio thought, beating hersoif to death in hor cage. She felt as if she could not breathe — as if she could not bear it and live. She stood out on tho balcony looking over tho park and garden. Tho sweet sccnt3 of tlio early flowers stole in light gusts of perfume from the flower-beds, and the smell of the fresh earth wns even Bwecter than those. Tlio moon wns up ; a distant nightjar callod to its mate; a corncrake uttered its monotonous note ; an owl hooted ; tiic.strangc, mysterious. sounds of night filled tlio air. It was an ideal "gipsy night," and. Hilda's soul' arid, love and longing went back to the old fife of the road — tho life of the fields and lanes and woods and commons — went hack as pas sionately ftH if she had not been Hying under civilisation for tho last six mbqths and more. But what wns slie to do ? All life was closed to her. Big bally accused her ot the Evil Eye ; her foster- parents were dcad; Jim was in prison, nnd could not help licr. Dear Jim! — brave, handsomo JiinJ- What would she not give to see liiin again? If only she could bo with him, all would be well ! Did her fancy mock her with her desire? Did thought create tlio thing she thought of ? Who was that who, stealing along tho shadowed side of tlio hedge, lightly leapt the littlo wicket-gate that gave on to tlio lane — leapt it as his father had leapt it so many ycaqs ago, and stoio across the garden and tiie lawn — keeping in the shadow when lie could? How should she not know liini? Who but Jim Fay had thnt lithe figure, that handsomo face, those glittering eyes, that gullant bearing — gallant to her eyes, for nil its gipsy cunning and caution nnd stealthy watching on chnnccs favorable and unfavorable. Who but Jim Fay would know her there in the moonlight, or would fling up to her, ns a song, his greeting in pure Romahy ? — words which were as sweet to her ears as a handful of roses cast in her face ! The blood gathered round her heart, and then rushed in ono deep flood of joy over her faco. Fair and nobly planned as Bomo god dess of tho north, she stood in tho moolight on tho balcony, her face transformed to almost unearthly beauty. A strange senti ment of reverence, almost of fear, touched the gipsy's heart. It was no longer the little sister ho had played with und tor mented, loved and beaten and defonded by turns. She was a maiden to worship, to love if you will, but not as gipsy men love their gipsy girls. Sho was taken from his into a higher sphere, and tlio lad'3 heart died within him, recognising the change. But whon Hilda saw and heard his voico, and, above oil, listened to tho gipsy tongue with all its fond associations, the spell of the past in her broke his of the prcsont, nnd she was once more only a Romany — only his little sister whom ho was minded to make his wife. "Jim !" she said, leaning over the bal cony and stretching out her hands as if to lift him up to where sho stood. " Oh ! what joy to see yon again ! How I havo missed you I How I havo longed for you ?" " You have not forgotten me ?" he asked. He was trembling liko an aspen loaf. To his superstitious fancy sho was more like her own glorified spirit than her natural solf. Wns it horself? Was sho, indeed, still alive ? " No ! Forget you ? could I forgot you ?" Bho answered, "Ever since sister brought me here and left me, 1 have longed for you —dreamt of you— lived for this hour when you'" would come to take mo back to the tents." " Will you come with me?" he asked. "Out of this?— into freedom ? Yes!" sho said. " This is prison, and I am miser able !" "My girl! you Bhall be free!" said Jim with an oath. And Hilda just for a moment shrank as she hoard tho brutal word. Tho seeds of refinement and civilisation whicli they — her own people— impatiently thought had not germinated at all, had in truth hogun to grow, and sho was further removed from her old life tlinu she herself knew. Quick and lithe as a panther tho gipsy "swarmed" up the pillars of the porch, and in n moment was on tho balcony with his " little sister." She had ceased to be tho goddess, and had become once more the woman— tlio girl ho loved and meant to mako his own. " And you will come with me?" he said again. She looked back into her room. For a moment it was all like sorcery— liko a pic ture Bhown in a magic crystal. She saw, as in a mirror, tho dirt and squalor nnd discom fort of'tho tents, and contrasted with this the 8weetncs3 and freshness and beauty of her present surroundings. Sho saw herself in rags, dishevelled, unkempt, unclean— and she realised the difference between this woman anil that. In that one brief moment — that one fleeting vision — sho understood the mistake sho was making, und knew the misery and degradation to which sho was condemning herself. Spoilt for either life ! A creature born ont of duo time — an alien all round — neither frco nor disciplined, neither Gentile nor Christian, neither gipsy nor gorgio ! Her heart throbbed wildly. Could she boar the trial ? Which path was she to tako? Which led to happiness? Perhaps neither ! Jim read her face as one reads an open book. "Tlicy have turned your blood to wntcr. Your heart is no longer in tiie tents," ho said sorrowfully. "But, mind me! you will never be happy here ! You have broken faith witli those that lovo you, nud you will never know true love again ! You nro not ours, but you are not theirs? Wo laid tlio spell on you, and they cannot take it off ! I, who have dreamed of this moment nil tlio time tiicy had mo fast — who have kept tho life in my heart and the blood in my veins, thinking of you, nnd when I should come to tako you back witli me to tlio tents — and now— your heart bus gono from ine !" Tears glistened in his eyes— softening down tho impulse to strike her to tlio heart — to revenge himself on her for tho anguish she hud given him. Horse-thief ns ho was — a cunning, low- bred, ignorant gipsy, and no more — lie yet loved her, and felt emphati cally that in her was bound up all the joy and sweetness of his life. Hilda's soul was as if torn asunder. Lovo or life? Men or tilings? Which should she choose ? She could not havo both. Which, then, should it be? He held her by her hands, and fixed her with liia eyeB. As she raised hers and looked into his— glittering, fuscinuting, com pelling as tho eyes of a snake or a sorcerer — the Bcnso of some sweet and subtle inilucnce stole over her. licr room, aud nil that tiiis implied; lost its beauty ; her sordid life in the tents its horror. Tlio picture faded, as in a dissolving view, and all lite — tlio past, tho present and tho luturc — was concen trated in the muu wiio stood before her. With a little cry sho flung herself on his: breast. Her love revealed itself to her soul, and she knew all that a girl can know. "I will go. with .you, Jim. I lovo you, and no. ono shall-part us more !" sho said. . The nightjar called to its mate and tho brown owl-hooted from tho ivy as tho two stole softly through tho gardcD aod out into tho narrow lane. , Under tho shadow of tho hedge Jim turned-and took her in his arms, kissing'her Boft faco with all a young man's long-cherished passion.' His fear of her, and his reverence, as of something superior, had passed away. Sho was now only his girl, us any other might have been— his girl whom ho loved I . Hilda, clasped her arms round his brown neck and returned his kiss — the first of her life. But cvon in this supremo moment she caught tho pungent odor of wood-smoko and coarso tobacco that hung about him, and she noted that his hair was matted and un- brushed— tlint his hands wcro griiny with soot and mould. But sho loved him. He was Jim— and she loved him. "Stay here, my girl ! " said Jim, suddenly. .They were standing under a large clin tree, by the darkened sido of the bole, and near tho stile by which Sally and sho had crossed. the park to her old home. "Stay here," lie repeated. "I havo to go after the snares." He- clasped her to him, and again and again kissed her fervently. Lovo wns very sweet, but. tho poacher wns stronger than tlio lover. Yet ho was loath to loave her, and caressed her with something .of almost ferocity aud than something of almost sad ness in his touch. ."Keep faith !" he said. Then, with tho truo light gipsy bound, ho was off and away over tiie . stile. Aud oven Hilda's well- trained ear cnulil not hear his footstep as he rap by the hedge and crept under the low- lying branches of the trees and to the thick'at wbcrc bn had set his snares. Hilda stood for some timo motionless tathc tryo against' which she leaned. . Her mind was a cbaqs, and. sho scarce knew bow she felt or what she really wished. Sho loved that hnudsomo lad— and yet sho was repelled and shocked by tlio very man sho loved nnd hud willingly kissed as only .women who love enn kiss. In ide'a ho was her delight, but in faot — why this senso of disgust, mingled with- her delight ?", What a tangle it all was ! Her homo was intoler able; and now she' had made it impossible. Bnt would those tents of Kedar satisfy her ? ' Not thinking so much as feeling, she sud denly heard the angry voices oi men in strife, and shouts that betokened danger. In those shouts sho recognised the voico of her lover, and; swift as a flash, she too sprang over tho stile; and ran towards the placo whcnco they came. And as sho ran sho heard allots, and a cry which sounded like " Little sister !" With tho instinct of a woodland animal she mado straight for tho spot where tlio men had struggled nnd fought. And when, roused by tho shots and tumult, others camn hurrying from the house nnd tlio cottages hard by, they found Hilda BratiBcombe seated on tlio ground, with the dead body of Jim Fay across her lap. His hand still held tho game that ho had snared, and a bullet wns through his heart, put there by licr frieud tho gamekeeper.' And now was Sister Sally justified ! Had she not been of baleful iniluenco all through? Stolen- for luck, licr own life ruined, hadBhc not unconsciously avenged tho wrong dono hor by destroying those who had destroyed her? But ruin for ruin as it might be, in the faco of nil she stooped her fair head and kissod licr dead lover on the iips, whispering over him, in a langungo thoy could not understand, n vow of fidelity, which alio kept to the ond of her life. Her first, last and only love was buriod in a gipsy's dis honored grave ; and no other tnan overdrew forth tho treasure which tho great heiress of tho Brnnseombes had civen to a noachoranrl a thief.— Illustrated London News, 