STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. " PLYING FK.OM JUSTICE." The Bernhardt Advent. The Halle Season. Bad for the Bouquet Man— "Our Flat" and the Other— The Bern hardt Walts— The Fourth of America — various Vanorlngs. With tho exception of threo largcly-at. tended concerts and tho interest arouBed by the forthcoming Bernhardt season, the week, theatrically, lias not been marked by any . upheaval' of a ecriouBly exciting nature. Tho return of the cool and dry westerlies has, if anything! tended to improve busines8 at all places of amusement. As you have already been informed, ".The Gondoliers " is in the last nights of its pre sent Sydney season, in consequence of which there is much grief and tribulation. The season will bo brought to a close on Tues day night next, after which ti e gaud and tinsel will be removed to make stage room for tho scenery and fixings incidental to "Flying from Justice," a drama by . Mr. Mark Melford, of " Turned Up " and other fame. In this, piece, of .which we know absolutely nothing but tho name, the Brothers Rignoid and Her Majesty's Theatre stock following will appear for a season of about threo weeks. If we may for once judgo the book by its title " Flying from Justico " should be of the sensational aud hair-erecting sohool of " drammer." On Wednesday a steamer conveying the opora company will make a wake on the water for Brisbane, in which temperance stronghold a season of three weeks will be played, after which the war will be recom menced at the Sydney Royal with " Tho Old Guard, " an opora in which Mr. Elton is said to eeoro heavily. We don't doubt it for a moment. . And talking about scoring reminds us that the sixth Hulld concert will bo given to-night at the Centennial Hall, and for this occasion a more than usually attractive programme has been drawn' up. Leading features will ho Sir Charles Halli's playing- .of the famous " Moonlight " sonata, and Lady Halld's inimitable rendering of tho tremendously difficult "II Trillo del Diavolo.!' The pun-dual arrival will appro priate the cane-bottomed article. As it is probably well known by every man, woman, boy, child and single-taxer in this city, aud for a radius of several hundred miles in every direction, that Madame Bernhardt' will make her first appearance in Sydney, at Her Majesty's Theatre, ,'as Oamille, next Wednes day evening, wo will content our selves here with merely making a passing reference to the fact, and carefully bottle up our.eloquence until the time comes to pour it out upon that all- important occurrence. It may be mentioned for the information of those who will have to rely upon the book forguidanee that cheap editions of Sordou's plays aro available .in town at present. Booking for the first four performances will be carried on this morning at the theatre. Comparatively speaking tho auction sale of tickets for Wednesday night's show was not ciiuracterised ny a delirious outburst oi enthusiasm, and the proceedings wore rather marked by an air of 'coolness and quiet than by any display of frantic eagerness to nay fancy prices in the face of tho fact that the box ollice would be open next day for the sale of tickets at pnr. As for the enter prising gentleman who in a moment of com petitive enthusiasm pledged himself to pay the modest sum of £2 8s. for No. 12, D.C., we can only hope that ho will derivo 48s. worth of enjoymont, as compared to the 10s. worth purchased by other and more cautious speculators. Mr. Williamson's action in instructing the auctioneer not to sell an$ scats undur 12s. Gd., after the latter had, at the outset, named half a sovereign as the upset price, pusses the measure of out com prehension, and completely staggers evory precedent of auction selling within our ex perience. The box-plan for the first four perfor mances was opened at Her Majesty's Theatre under tho supervision ot Mr. George Good man yesterday morning, and the booking all day was, we understand, very brisk. One might reasonably imagine that an experience suoli as we recorded lust Satur day would bo' enough for au ordinary life time, but a second occurrence of the kind coming upon . a recently-shattered nervous organisation lias well nigh rendered an obituary in this paper necessary. It was oh Thursday night, and congratulating ourselves upon tho fact that we had , como successfully through tho last bouquet business, and mentally thanking Providence that at least there would be an immunity from anything of that sort for the, evening, we allowed to our gaze to wander round, and the first thing we knew a lady' just throe removed from us was making dumb, but expressive, show with her eyebrows and holding n tremendous bouquet in our direction. For some years wo had regarded the friendship of the gentleman- next to us us a thing to be prized and cherished. But when we found him laughing himself into a condition of epilepsy wo put up the shutters of our heart against him and struck his name off our speaking list for ever. Fancy ! tho only two bouquets of the Beries and we tho victim in eacli instance. As wo didn't miko any intelligible rosponse tho lady grew anxious and hold it out at arm's length. Wo appealed to our friend oil tho right, and ho, perfidious oroatm-e, looked hard ill another direction, and carried oil an imaginary and highly unimated dis cussion with Eoineouo who wasn't present. Tho song was wearing— it seemed to us dismally — to a close, and tho lady was whispering audibly, "Will you kindly throw this ou to iho stago J" Des pairing, and yet determined, we turned to a gentleman on oitr icit. no uaa mat instant arrived, so taking the proffered tributo we smiled with ft look full of expression, and said in our sweetest andante, "This lady has asked you to throw this on to tho stage when this song is finished ; not a moment before, mind, .aud not an instant later." Ho was a muscular youth, but bis lower jaw fell with a click on to his scarf piu, anil his eyes rolled horribly. Before lie could find words oi refusal or remonstrance wo had pressed tho bouquet in his trembling hand. The lncly seemed anxious, and tho gentleman looked as if he couldn't live, two minutes. Three times ho rose, and as often sat down again, until at lust with a mighty effort ho bowled tho concern round-arm stylo into a corner of the stage behind some seats, and the singer, all unconscious, walked off. Uncharitable as it may seem wo could have shrieked with merriment, but a glanco at tho lady's faco sobered us up, and we bad to bo content with getting behind our programmo at intervals nnd laughing ourselves to tho verge of suffoca tion. Her face we shall never forgot, uud we frankly believe that had siio been in reach of us with an ordinary kitchen fender we should hnvo hod to sing, "Beo that my grave's kept green " and then cross Jordan ut high water. Since the occurence it has struck us that wo might turn this business to profitable account, so wo aro going to hiro premises in town, emulate tho Duko of Plaza- Toro, Limited, and issue tho following pros pectus: — "Floral Tributo Projection Co., Limited. The objects and aims (especially the aims) of tho company are obvious in tho title. Neatness, grace and accuracy guaran teed. Vegetables for pantomime ar ists a specialty. Election meetings attended (in any iutorest). Bricks for amateur perform ances half-price (aud in certain instances free). Popular prices ; terms cash. Como curly and avoid tiio rush." That ought to provo a novelty, and us there must be some thing in our uppcnranco that bespeaks a peculiar suitability for the work we should in a very short space of timo get together a very extensivo and fashionable connection. Owing mainly to tho ability and hard work of the ladies and geutlcmeu engaged in tho production of "Our Flat," business has boon good at tho Garrick during tho week, and audiences have, to judge by the hearty and frequent laughter with which the piece is nightly received, been very well pleased with the fare provided. Messrs. Royce, Cnutley, Phillips, and the Misses Emory and Kingsley are highly popular in their respective parts, and there are nightly calls and other tokens of appreciation. " Our Flat " was put on for four weeks, but there is something to follow whenevor a change should be necessary. It has been rumored, and even stated opanly in certain circles, that the real reason for Mr. Elton's re-ongugomcnt was that Messrs. Williamson and Garner wanted Mr. George Walton to fill his place, but that as the later was unablo to do so tho engagement of tho present Dnke of Plaza-Toro was renoweih This stutement wo aro positively assured is dead wrong and false in ovory detail. Mr. Elton, it seems, is filling no re- engagement, but tho original one at the saino old ."ghost." Neither Mr. Walton nor any body else was offered, Mr. Elton's position, and in' every other respect the report lacks tho quality of truth, if wo are correctly in formed we liuvo stated the case as it really stands. Further eruptions in our own sphere.- This time it is the music critic of our senior morning contemporary, who is about to re sign his appointmont to tako up similar work on another paper. " I will bo ' aut Closer aut nullns,' " says this gcntlouian, but the paper ho threatens to dcvastaio of his s- -vices will bo thoroughly well served in future. Now that a spoil of fiue, sunny weather has set in Botany will bo at its best, and this afternoon a very large gathering of visitors will, no doubt, avail themselves of the enjoyment the placo affords. There will bo a concert at Botany to morrow afternoon, and one at the Alhambra in the evening. In conni ctiou with the Alhambra, it may be mentioned that the company engaged there at presont has never boon sur passed in that house, and next week's pro gramme will bo one of tho moBt attructivo ones over presented there. We have been asked by a correspondent whether there is any truth in a rutr.or that has rcuched his ears to the effect that beforo very long Messrs. Williamson and Mus- grovc will link their fortunes and form a new firm under thut style and title. To which we may reply that we never were much of a hand at prize conundrums, and that as it does iiot personally concern any body but the gentlemen named wo havo not stayed up of nights to find out. . Wo shouldn't even like to go so far as to say that such an event is not the most -unlikely thing in tho world for foar of committing ourselves in a matter of which wo know nothing. - l'hcro has not up to date been any appre ciable decrease iu the patronago accorded to the performances of " Evangeline," and the Messrs. M'Mahon may bo fairly credited with having been instrumental in importing an entertainment that meets closely the requirements and tasto of their patrons; for if, us a baldheadcd aphorism declares, tho truo test of tho dumpling is in tho mastication of it, then tho genuine laughter, and applause with which "Evangeline" is met must be accepted as sound proof of its popularity. Aud as,' a popular form of untortainmcnt it should fill a long and prosperous season. I If several of tho Melbourne papers are to be credited audiences at the various Bern hardt performances have had just cause to grumble at tho unreasonably long waits, whiuli havo drugged the entertainments out to such an extent that very many, pooplo who had paid — and paid handsomely, too — for Beats had to clear out long before tho close of the lust act. Several of tho plays in which Madame Bernhardt will appear have, previously bcon presented comfortably in con siderably under threo hours, and it is to bo hoped that the management will, if possjblo,'. nrrango for the sake of their patrons who live at a distance ftom towu that perform- uncos shall not occupy an exasperatingly-un- reasonable time. It is announced by tho, management of Hor Majesty's Theatre that notwithstand ing tho success up to dato of "Tho Lyons Mail" the sign will havo to be taken in on Tucsduy night after tho performance. This step is rendered necessary on account of the advent of Mudunio Saru Bernhardt to this house. Wo shall bo overjoyed to boo the divinity, and make no doubt that hor short reign lioro will bo a brilliantly successful ono in ovory way; but really she is upsetting our arrangements terribly. Just imagine a trcusuroraudamunager whoaro never known to stray farther from their respective box- officcs than, say, next door or over tho road, having to turn out holus bolus and change looations for tliroo whole weeks. We expect to find them both looking snpremely miserable beforo tho first week is out, and longing for the period of exile to bo over. It is 28 weeks now since the present variety seuson was inaugurated at the School of Arts, and the business at proBcnt is just as brisk and tho popularity as solid asovorit was,. This remarkable record in the history of first part and olio i3 mainly tho outcome of a practical ' determination to provide novolty and quality. The company at present is a clever und compact one, and for this afternoon, to-night and neift week a new and liberal bill is announced. It is Mr. Wyburd'B intention to hold high celebrations of "Tho Glorious Fourth" at Bondi to-day. It is expected that a largo number of Murrikan men will go right out, sirco, nnd hev a real, decant time. Any how, it won't bo Host Wyburd's fault if they don't. 