CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The annual picnic of the Park-street, Unley, Church of Christ Sunday-school was held on Monday, November 9. The children and their friends, numbering 300, were conveyed to the grounds of Mr. Pile, Burnside, m Messrs. Wulsmore's trollies. Daring the day many friends visited the grounds, and a number of amusements were provided for the children, who heartily entered into them. At about t> o'clock a start was made for home, which was reached in 6afety about 7 o'clock. The Nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, North Adelaide, are appealing to tbe Catholic com munity (says the Southern Cross) to assist them in the work of erecting a chapel for the perpetual adoration of our Lord in the blessed sacrament. Tbe foundation- stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost was laid by Arch bishop Reynolds on Sunday, October 25. The nuns have already spent about £8,000 on their property, 'North Adelaide, and the proposed additions will cost between £3,000 and £4,000. His Grace has written to the Rev. Mother Prioress authorising her to make an appeal for the erection of a chapel of reparation. A federal fair in aid Of the building fund of St. Michael's school, Mitcham, was opened in the schoolroom on Friday afternoon by Lady Bray. Mr. F. W. SamwelL incumbent of St. Michael'e Church, stated that the erection of the school cost £1,100, and it was opened last year. Tbe present debt on the budding was £185, and a generous offer had been received of £85 if the remainder of the debt—£4o0 —was paid off within the next four years. He referred to Lady Bray having previously resided in Mitcham, and spoke of the interest she took in the church day • school work. The building was prettily decorated with flowers, and the nine stalls were similarly decked, besides being draped with fine art muslin of different shades. One stall was very novel, and consisted of soaps, scents, &c;, which were supplied free to those in charge of the affair by numerous tradespeople on their agreeing to attach placards, with written statements of the benefits to be de rived by purchasing such articles, to the stall. There was a large attendance in the afternoon and also in the evening, when music was provided by the Bijou Orchestra. The follow ing ladies nad charge of tbe various stalls: — Plain and fancy stall, Mesdames SamwelL, Morgan, Hawkes, and Fiveash; produce stall, the Misses Tbomber; flower stall, Mes dames Dow —es and Pile, and the Mis*es Hall; refreshment stall, Misses Webb and Crowder; cake stall, Misses Wicksteed, Glen, aod Robertson; eweet& stall. Misses ,1. Kell and Laurence; juvenile stall, Misses Tiiorpe (2) and A. Taylor; fairy well, Misses Farr and Laurence; advertisement stall. Misses Heath and 'Nicholson. The fair will remain open this afternoon and evening. A meeting to welcome back the Rev. .1. R. Glateon after bis visit to England to attend the CangregatioEal Conference was held in the College Park Congregational schoolroom on Thursday evening. Sir. W. Rutt presided over a Jorge attendance. After tbe meeting had been addressed by the J lev. R. S. Cosely, Mr. JR. M. Steele, on lx-ii:tl;" of the church snd rongregaUou. s-.tiU.-d tliat during the absence of the |ia«tor tire atten dance at the services had been w.'H kept up, arid that during the ten years the church bad been open it had never been in a more healthy and prosperous state than at present. As he believed that Mr. Glassonhad returned with much enthusiasm for his pas toral work there was a bright prospect in store for them. Mr. W. Hooper, representing the Congregational Church at Glenelg, with the Rev. W. R. Fletcher from the city churches, also gave addresses. Mr. Glasson returned thanks to his brother ministers fcr the help they bad rendered on the Sundays, and to the officers and all the members and adherents for keeping so well together. He said it would be an incentive to him to do his very beet for the cause of their common Master. He alluded to the council, but excused himself for not hilly referring to it, as a united meeting was seen to be held, when all the delegates would have something to say on that matter. He confessed that he had not opened his mouth at the Conference. As Dr. Jefferis had remarked, the Australians had been com pletely elbowed out of tbe proceedings, the American delegates having monopolised every chance of a speech. He intended to have said something on the social question, but had so opportunity. He considered that the ministers in England were far behind those of tbe colonies in grasping the social question, and they were surprised at tbe knowledge displayed by the colonial delegates on social questions and literature. Tbe following personal items are taken from the Christian Weekly at November IS:—Tbe Rev. A. H. Came, who as foreign mission deputation has visited many of our circuits, finds it absolutely necessary, on account of duties pertaining to the chairmanship of a dis trict, which position he holds, to return almost at once to Samoa; he will therefore close his work here on Thursday, November 2i>. The late Mr. W. H. Smith, ALP., First Lord of tbe {Treasury and Leader of the House of Commons, was associated in his early days with tbe Methodist Church. Some stall remember the family when they worshipped at Great Queen-street and other West-End chapels. His father was a staunch supporter of Methodism aad gave £1,000 towards the erection of Victoria Chapel in St. John's Wood. It is said that Air. W. H. Smith cherished a high esteem for the church of his boyhood and gave generous help to the thanksgiving fund. He was a Chris tian politician of unblemished integrity. Tom Mann, the great organiser and labor leader, preached in the Nutgrove Wesleyan Methodist Chape], St. Helens, on a recent Sunday, taking as his text Luke x., 35, 30. He said that the church, as a body, had hitherto held aloof from the labor movement, but he maintained that it was a sacred duty of the church to do all that was possible for the moral, physical, and spiritual improvement of the working classes. He said that religion and labor were in separable, and that the bettering of the con dition of the working classes was one of the most commendable duties of Christians, either individually or collec tively. That both Mr. Mann and Mr. Tillet should obtain the ear of the Christian churches, as they are now doing, is matter for both hope and rejoicing. The Rev. W. IL Fitchett, whose championship of Australia has brought him into literary prominence in Lon don, is now on his way back in the Nord- Deutscber Lloyd's fine steamer Kaiser Wil helm 11., which is timed to reach Melbourne on December 20. The Melbourne Spectator says: — "Mr. Fitchett has improved the f-hining hour daring his stay in England by visiting the best education—l establishments, and taking notes of the latest and best Eng lish methods. He also visited Scotland and spent some time in Yorkshire, where he heard one of the Rev. E. H. Sngden's 'old boys,' the Rev. Dinsdale Young, whom he describes as a magnificent preacher." Mr. James Busbridge, sen., was presented with a complimentary address, beautifully illuminated by Mr. W. G. I. Joyner, at the Gawler Baptist Church on Friday evening, November ii, m commemoration of the com pletion of 25 years service for the Sunday school as superintendent and otherwise. The address testified to the warm regard felt for Mr. Busbridge, and this was endorsed by reveral speakers. Mr. Busbridge feelingly acknowledged the compliment paid him. The Rev. W. Bell, MA, presided over the gather ing, which was of a social nature. 