novelist. The Rajah's Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA By FREDERICK M. DEY. OUAPPEE ICL--Contikued. While seemingly {rank and confident with me, there were some points upon which he was ex tremely reticent. He told me that he belonged to one of the Eajpootran sects, and was allied to the house of a powerful Bajah who only remained friendly with the British rnle so long as it left him undisturbed in his own possessions. The Bajah llahmanha was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Sunrha s description, was marvellously rich, prond as Lucifer, arrogant and crueL His domain was of large extent, and was situated in the district t known as Odeypore. * Can you tell me,* I asked of Simrha, * if yoa j have ever known of a Hindoo prince called | _ Havana?' * Yes, sahib,' he -replied. The Bajah Havana was the father of the Bajah Hahmands.' It'was only my strong self-control and power to suppress sadden emotions which prevented me from leaping to my feet with a cry of joy. As it was, I.started a little, for the answer he had given . told me that, through some strange circumstance, ' J had engaged as my servant one who was already . .connected with the household of the very Bajah to whom! most look for the information! sought in,behalf of Cogswell's request. It was then I began to question Simrha, and foond him so .extremely reticent and .so.loth to give me any details regarding the things I most wished to know. On the fourth day of onr trip I resolved that I would be, in a measure, frank with him, and thus ascertain if it were possible to persuade him to tell me more concerning the. Bsjah's immediate surroundings. * Simrha,' I said, quietly, ' I, too, am going to India.' ' To India ?' he cried. ■ Yes,' I continued ; ' and am so well pleased with you and your services that if youdeBire it yon may continue with me—on one condi tion.' ■Yes, sahib?' ' The condition is you remain in my service . during the time I am in your country, and give me what aid you can in an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.' He was silent for several moments. ' If the sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit Odeypore during his stay, I will readily consent to the first part of the condition," be said, finally. " 4 Bat it is to Oleypore that I most desire to go.' 1 In tint case, sahib, I cannot remain in your service,' ' Why not ?' ■ Because 1 belong to the household of the Bajah Nahmanda.' ' In what capacity do you serve him V 4 That which in your country you would term secretary." ' But can you not secure his consent to my plan? I asked. * Impossible, sahib ?' The tone in which he answered me was so de cided that I plainly saw the futility of arguing with him further. ' Will you tell ma of his household ?' I asked. ' What more do you desire to know sahib ?' ' Has he any family ? Would he entertain me for a few days at his palace ?' ' He would not retuse you it you applied to him, sahib; but, if you will allow me to advise yon, do \- not go there.' ' Why, Simrha ?' 4 The Bajah knows you.* * Knows me !' I cric-d m wonder. ' Yes, sahib. That is, he will know you by the lime you reach his palace, and he will suspect the cause of your visit.' ■ But my visit has no cause beyond a natural curiosity, I returned. ' Pardon mc, sahib, but it has. You were for many years the confidential friend of Sahib llsu ben Cogswell, who is now dead, and the Bajah will suspect that it is upon his affairs that you make the visit.' I was astounded. ' Who are you, Simrha ?' I cried. ' And how do ; you know these thing-?' j 'lam Simrha, a Hindoo,' he replied, calmly, j ' and I know whereof I speak, because it became i my duty to know all that concerned the Sahib lteuben Cogswell when I left India.' ' Then you were sent here by the Bajah ?' ' I was, sahib.' ' In company with another ?' He bowed an affirmative. 1 How long ago, Simrha ?' ' Two years.' ' Did yon see the old man before he died ?' ' I did, s&hi;'o, but he did not see me.' I Ahl* ' I visited his house many times,' he con tinued. ■ Without his knowledge ?' ' Without bis knowledge.' ' For what purpose ?' 3?or the r: rpise of serving my master.' Simrha,' X said, slowly and impressively, ' if you will tell xne all you know—and that you think wpnld interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.' * If the sahib should give me all the wealth of the Rajah Nahmanda,' he replied,' it would ba useless for me to speak, even though I were wil ling.' 'Why?' * Because I should he killed.' 'By whom ?' ' By those who watch me day and night.* ' Are there spies aboard this ship ?' ' Ay. sahib, and in this very apariment.' I glanced quickly around, but the Hindoo only smiled. ' They cannot be seen,' he said, ' and yet they are here. See ] I will leave the apartment and go upon deck. While lam gene, if you will recall the face of the Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and then speak to it exactly as you would speak to him where he really here, I will return and tell you what yon said and what he answered. ' What he answered 1" ' Yes,-sahib, for he will answer you." Without another word he turned and left me, while seating myself on the edge of my bunk, I fell to picturing Cogswell's face upon mv memory. Almost immediately I felt a strange sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound around it; my eyes grew heavy and X &oseA; them, bat not in sleep j only because ®eemed an effort to keep them open. u ' - Suddenly a very familiar voice broke in' upon me. What is it, John?' it said; and looking up quickly, although my eyes still felt as if they were closed, I beheld Reuben Cogswell standing before me. He looked just as I had seen him in my in. explicable dream the night when I obtained the signatures, and as then his presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that he should be there. ' Who is this Hindoo travelling with me ?' I asked. ■ A peculiar person,' he replied. Ha is subtle keen, and powerful in his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.' * He knows much of our affairs,' I said slowly and meditatively. •He knows nearly all," replied the old man, * What he does not know and what he is deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyage to his country.' ' How shall I he able to prevail upon him to work for me in this matter of carrying out your wishes? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life would be invaluable to me.' ' Ay, John, so it would, butyou must be careful. I believe Simrha to be faithful, and possibly, if you were frank and open with him, it might not h9 amiss. Regarding that, however, you must judg6 for yourself, as I am unable to advise you.' Old Reuben's face was becoming indistinct, and as itdidsomy mind seemed to work with more freedom, for snddenly a new thought occurred to ate. Wait!' 1 cried. ' One more question.'. ' What is it ?' 'Shall I find your descendant in India? Have you one there.?' Was it fancy, or did the face before mo relax ; into a smile as I asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance 1 heard his voice re ply to my question: Ay, X have one, John,'aud it depends entirely | upon yourself to find her.' ' Her J' I cried, but he had gone. The familiar old face had faded from view, and I was left alone. I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and then with an effort opened them to find myself still sitting npon *he edge of my bunk in the state-room with every thing that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. ^ With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked aroond me. ' Is my mind losing its balance ?' I asked my. self,' Am I subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have these strange and realistic visions, dreams, in which I see ghosts ? Pshaw ! Ron sense ! And yet' At this instant the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. There was a peculiar smile upon his face like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still hovering about me, 1 fancied there was something triumphant in his glance also. ' Shall X enter, sahib?' he inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came ia and closed the door behind him. Shall'I spsak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?'—Sse Picture No. 6.—he asked; and I wondering, if he indeed knew, and yet, dreading to skate the knowledge with him hesi tated. 1 No 6.—' Shall 1 apeak and tell the sahib what has transpired ?' asked Simrha. My curiosity was too much for me, however, and the strange smile which still lingered about the Hindoo's eyes seemed to urge me on. ' Yes,' speak !' I said. ' Tell me all yon know —all, or leave my employ.' 