W. P. B. . A good many people are aware that amongst the costly iurniture usually found in the editorial sanctum of a country newspaper one article is never absent. It may not always be in harmony with its sumptuous surroundings —in point of fact it seldom is. The upholstering and cabinet making firms who pile up large fortunes by contracts to furnish editors' rooms, BO to speak, "let themselves loose" in the matter of Axminster carpets, satincovered couches, Louis Quatorze chairs, ormolu clocks, Faience vases, &c.;, &c.;, and the provision ot the WASTE PAPER BASKET is a mere after thought—a modest affair of cane or wicker work. Sometimes it is even forgotten altogether in the first instance, and has to be provided at a moment's notice when the necessity for its UBB is urgently realised— that is to say the first time the editor receives a mail. In this way some incon- grous articles have done duty for the W.P.B. A. candlebox has served the tarn, albeit too small for the purpose unless frequently emptied. In the office of a Northern journal, the newly married editor of which received among hie wedding gifts a cradle, that article served ae an impromptu W.P.B. for close upon a year, when it was needed for some domestic purpose, and was superseded by a rather battered tin bucket. In one instance at least a brokenmouthed belltopper hat did duty tor a long time, but this was in a low class office, where they used to cut up the paper for jobbing with an old 8-tooth cross-cut saw. Theseintroductory remarks are merely intended to illustrate how important, how indispensable an article, the W.P.B. is. But if, as already stated, the general public have a pretty good idea of the existence of this institution, they know nothing about its contents; and it is the object ot the present article to jhrow a little light upon the subject. Everybody can see what goes into a newspaper; tbey will now have an opportunity of judging as to the character of a good deal that is usually kept out, and forms the ration d'etre of the W.P.B. first and foremost amongst the contributors to the W.P.B. is the Bore—pure and simple— • genus, however, to be divided into numerous species and sub-varieties. There is the Borepolitical who may be a freetrader, a protecfkmiit,« elngle-twei, * ooalalUt, pr even in anarchist. He may be. an estimable man in private life, a sincere believer in the particular doctrine he advocates, and he is not infrequently a fairly good writer. When this is the case be is the more to be dreaded. An enthusiast himself, he is a slave to the idea that his mission is to cause enthusiasm in others; and if allowed he will occupy in every issue of his local paper two or three columns with essays on "The M'Kinley Tariff," "The Moral and Religious Effects of Land Taxation," "The Benefits of Protection on the Pig Industry," &c;,, when the readers of the paper are athirst for really practical and elevating pabulum in the form of, say, the verbatim, report of a good dog- fight or wellthought-out suggestions for growing early tomatoes. The genus bore is always prosv, and space cannot be afforded for illustrations of his prosiness. Another frequent foe against whom the editor finds his only safeguard and shield in the W.P.B. is the writer who apparently conceives that the newspaper only exists to serve as a medium wherein he may publicly asperse and defame- any person with whom he has fallen out. The letters from contributors of this kind which every week go into the W.P.B. would afford material for at least six promising libel actions. Not that in every instance they contain serious charges. In some cases they are but incoherently abusive, as for example in the following :— "(TO IBS EDITOR OF THE BANNER. '•Sir,—1 want the public to know that Mr. ——, of , is not in his true colours. Be pretends to be very religious, but I know better. Let him look out. Jack could tell a g«v,d deal more. Fair play it fair play.—Yours. &c;, Another nuisance is the amorous contributor who is perpetually endeavoring to obtain the insertion of laudatory paragraphs concerning his lady love, forgetting, or perhaps unaware, that as the laudation is often at the expense of other young ladies its publication might get the editor into serious trouble. Here for example is a specimen :— " Dear Sir,—In the ball that was beld at last week Miss In grace of movement far exceeded all the rest. She made her appearance in the ball TOOM dressed in a pore snow white dreti, and I must sty ehe appeared like an angel escorted to ber seat by a young gentleman dressed in a jet black suit, which made the scene very beautiful to look on." In a recent article in the London Spectator the question is asked " Is poetry worn out I' and our contemporary gives what it holds to be valid reasons justifying an affirmative answer. The Spectator even goes so far as to say,••*' There is no sign anywhere visible of the rise of a new poet fit to rank with the great master singers of past ages." Now the evidence of the W.P.B. is altogether opposed to this view of the matter. No Poets! Why Riverina alone is chockfull, brimming over with them. And they are here as elsewhere a genus irritabile. The most frequent contributor to the W.P.B. is the poet, and he is at the same time the most cantankerous. Tou may reject the letter of the political bore and he will pass it over with a sigh at your lack of brains to discern the merits of biB contribution. He may have a sly dig at you in the columns of another journal, but on the whole he regards you more in sorrow than in anger. The lover in time will forgive the slight to his best girl, especially if she happens to throw him over for another fellow. Even the abusive correspondent may in the course of a decaae or so forgive the exclusion of-his pet libel. Bat the Poet never forgives or forgets, and as a rule the more abominable the verses the more savage is the writer. Here is a typical letter which shows fairly enough what may be expected :— EDITOR OF ALBUBY BANNER. "Sir,—I wrote to you some 4 weeks ago asking you to Insert In your paper a few lines of orignel potery. Tou have not done so or even mentioned the reason you would notdo so. I have been a constant subscriber to your paper and paid you regular every 12 months: and this was the first time I asked you to Insert anything for tne. I therefore request you to send me my B'll and stop sending' your paper to me aney more. I Wilt send you your money as soon as I recive BUI. 1 4 WILLIAM ——. We deeply regret that the " orignel potery" of this writer has not been preserved as well aB the letter of indignation. One or two choice samnles have, however, been rescued from the W.P.B. as types of their kind. Here for example is a specimen of what may be termed the Pastoral style :— ODE TO THE MCRRAY ON A SPRING MORNING. Verse I. The sun is shedding its golden light On the mellow grain and river so bright t The magpie, lark, and speckled thrush \- Sing on the neighboring peppermeat bnshi Verse 2. • The flowers peep from 'neath the gronnd, The wallabys from high rooks bound, The kangaroos o'er fences leap When hopping down the hill aide steep. Verse 3. The hardy bdBhman plies his axe. • Or else his hay in cocks he staoks. The fisherman looks round tor baits. The little birds choose different mates. Verse 4. The eheep and lambs stay to drink as they pass, Or nibble tbe fresh green blades of grass. Sweet river! - How beautiful thou seemestto me, As thy waters mingle with the Murrumbldgee. —A NATIVE OF THE MURRAY. The writer of the following adopts a somewhat similar strain :— Oh sweet to me tbe momments pass Lfstenlning to the laughing jackass, I love the bush and all tbe trees, Likewise opossums and tbe bees. Wbera'vr I go tbey seem to bom Come to tbe bush I Oh Come, Come, Gome. Whether the writer refers in this invitation to the opossums or to the bees is not quite clear, but she (for tbe writer is a lady) is evidently imbued with a love of nature which seeks expression, not altogether ineffectively, in song. The next two verses reached us when the late shearing trouble was at its height. The woond verBe. it will be observed, is a line fboitj iwd there ia something ^roug In (hfl rhyme ; but there is no mistaking the vigor of the effusion, which in its rude force is suggestive of the " Marseillaise." We do not knew what particular drain the writer desired to fill. Rise up, lellow shearers, Strike and snap tbe chain : We've been tied up too long, Let's fill the cup and drain. No more we'll toil like slaves, My jolly boyB we wont; The bosses shall get fits. Daring the recent visit of the Earl of Jersey the following verses were handed to us for publication :— WELCOME TO LORD AJSD LADY JERSEY. Composed bp Mrs M. A. Scrivens in honor of their visit to the Albury Show, September lotb. 1891. Lord and Lady Jersey of course you all know, Have promised to visit the Albury Show; The welcome that they there will get, I'm sure tbey never will forget, For great and small, so I am told, Will all be there for to behold A pleasant greeting at tbe train In case they cannot come again. We all hava longed to see their faces. And I think our Shows are just the places Where tbey will get a pleasant smile. From folkB who nave come many a mile. The school children, too, already have planned. And I think it will be something grand, For they mean to cheer and cheer again, So a happy time we'll have, that's plain. They being nobility of sterling mettle. Please God to keep them in good fettle. And if they should leave Australia's shore They will think of our Colonies for evermore, I hope that your Lordship will in good time. Show your good Countess this simple rhyme. And we hope you will be kind to us old pioneers, Who are both now far advanced in years. Thank God I have been able to work all my life. As a good daughter, servant, mother, and wife j Yet after theae long years of toll and strife, William and Mary Ann Ucrlvcn. hia wife, By the Bide of tbe Goulbum River do live, And trust that you will acccpt the wishes tbey give. Three times we have braved tbe raging flood, And hope in our time to have done some good; The Terricks fire we helped to beat out. When tbe blacks around did yell and shout, It was there I laid my first born BOO, When bis short race on this earth waB run, My husband's age is now seventy-one, So you see his three score years and ten are done. And mine to-day la six and sixty. And we never expected at the Queen's Jubilee That we would have so little prosperity; All earthly and heavenly joys I hope Will always be within your scope, And truBt you will always have good health, For it is better than earthly wealth, Lord, we pray thy will be done And may we all meet in the Kingdom come.—Ames Love lyrics of course make up a large portion of the contents of the W.P.B., and we regret that some of the best are inadmissible in this article because the fair ladies are so plainly identified that trouble might follow publication. Here is the plaitot of a disappointed lover: — THE BATCHELORS' APPEAL. I loved a fair maiden, when scarcely eighteen. Oh, that 1s long years in the past. Bhe bald ahe would have me; her friends came between, And I found that ber love did not last. I fretted and fumed at a terrible rate: Her Pater and Mater were stone. I would not wed Molly, or Dolly, or Kate, So now I must live all alone. 'Tls a fact I matntaia (though tbe ladies may frown; N ow that I have gone out of date). But 'tin true very few oi tbe fair maids in town Could refuse me then aa their mate. I pretended to love them and told them some lies My respect for woman bad flown. The tables are turned; and as time swiftly flies 'Tls plain I must die all alone. I am wider a cloud with the frowns of the fair. My day ia as black aa the night. Oh maidens, have pity for a man in despair. And raise this dark veil from my Bight I am quite at the foot of the ladder of fame. But am able to climb it I trow. And near the top rung to carve out my name, If someone will marry me now. I am not very rich, but am healthy and strong; And would be very kind to my Krow. I've a little more brains, than you'd judge from my song Oh, will anyone marry me now. —O. I. DE SPARE. Another runs as follows :— IN LOVE. (A Sontr.) How glaa I am, how glad I am. To Bee you. my dear friend; For really it is quite a treat The night with you to spend. So let us sing and let ns laugh. And empty drain the glasses, Whilst drinking the health ot all The sweet pretty lasses. That Bweet tbey are, and pretty, too, 1 know you won't gainsay it. When with your arm around one's waist In some quiet nook you Bit; And as you gate into ber eyes. And gate and never tire. 'Tis then you'll find—too late, alas 1— With love your heart's on fire. Oh, love, it is an awful thing When it doth grip one tightly. It makes a man look such a fool- Just the reverse of sprightly. By bis deep-drawn sigbs and downcast eyes You'd take him to be grieving. But no 1 you're quite mistaken, sirs. Someone bis heart's been thieving. He verses writes to his sweet maid, Fall many a sheet be covers. And every night, fust like a ghost, He near her bower hovers. Go where she will he's bound to be Behind her like a shadow; WMchevtr way ber stepB are bent He's always sure to follow. Should he succeed in winning her. His heart's own cherished treasure, The world to him were paradise, It bliss were without measure ; But if she should reject hlB love, Let him bis pass'.on smother. It will be observed that this poem has been mutilated, the third and fourth lines of the last verse having been accidentally mislaid. A deviLin the ciffise, however, submits a couple of lines which he considers would not inappropriately fill up the hiatus. We submit the suggestion for what it is worth. The lines are:— " And p'raps If he should humble prove She'd kiss him for hiB mother." The f oregoing is a fair sample of tbe bulk of the poetry which week by week finds its grave ia the W.P.B., and apropos of graves this brief sketch may not inappropriately be brought to a close by the publication of the following gem, which the writer no doubt considers ought to have been printed years ago :— IN MEMORY OF A DEAR FRIEND. His face Is growing sharp and thin, Alack our friend IB gone. Close up his eyes tie op his ohin, 8 1 fiSBSr* «« W Wm ta to M« 