LOYE CONQUERS ALL. OKAPTEB II, ( CONTINUED . ) You are my own Ella, exolaimed the colonel with moistened eyes — with all bis fire and courage hp bad after all the heart of a ohild. -' But j let me understand you perfectly. Ton ] are quite certain you , go into this ; matter freely, and without the slightest arriere-pensee? I don't ;seek; to pry j into your affairs, my child ; buthave yon no tender paBBionr-^nofeelingthat if yon gave encouragement to any body: else it would be^er-r-um— more congenialtoyour—er— tastes? 'Mr, Blatohford is, I -have no doubt,- a Very estimable man, and .oertainly enor mously riob,.but personally he. is not quite the husband I. should have ! liked for. my Ella. . Now if yon have. the least compunction of ponsoienoeiell me at onoe, -because,. , much 'as . it -/ would wring ,i$y -heart, Dyletone should go rather thanthatyour happiness should besaorifloBd.'1, haveatready told, you, papa/! pWd.Ellaoalmly, 'that I: amquite free, 'And . that I dojthis thing will ingly. and, of my ownchoioe.' i - ,.jn Tjien,;my dear, I .say -no more; aiylyou haye myblessingi Ton have taken a load ; off ' my_,:mind, : my Ruling.' ? ..-And Colonel Btanmore, rising from his chair, bent overhis daughter and Jdssed her. forehead. . . . . Then let .ns say no more about tkematter^pspa,' ^ | Afl Bhs spoke the door of tho drawing room opened,and a tall stately lady TfboBs likcneBa to tbe. colonel was too pronpanoed to doubt of their close relationship, entered. _ 'It is four o'oloek, Ella, my dear. We dine at. five to-day, yon remem ber.'.:' . .. 'Yes, aunt.' ..... ...; ' Our visitor , .will .be .here shortly. Had you not better dress ? ' .-. 'rDo.es jt matter ? Do ,you really think Mr. Blatohford can detest the difference between a morning andean efeniugdress ??'_: ?????s':-- ? 1 ' That , is ; not ^he; point, my. dear. These .little,, things' are apart of i onx ; duty., towards . oursel.ves and r to wards -8ooiety,,,;.They have no refer ence. .to any. par tioular individual.' s 4d?' j. 8^,- Wob /obliged; 40 . you . for pointing ,,ou- the. distinction, (aunt. -j I|adl to dress for .the sole purpose of captivating Mr, ,Blatol)fordd I really fjon't . think .ipy. ..hands. would. dbave obeyed me. Of pourseif.itis aduty, 1 ijiat is another matter altogether.'. n.^Aiid. carelessly. placing the book on the small tattle by her side, Bhe -roBe with; a . haughty { grade, and left the room, Miss Jane Btanmore, . her aunt; at the,same time passing out of the window to join her brother. ;i:' Well, Geoffrey, iaitall Battled? ' 'I think 'so, Jane. Ella has made »o objection ; indeed,, she takes the matter remarkably ooolly, . . By .the way, women confide in each ptber more than they do. in men.. Is it really true what she tells me, that she lias no prior affeption of any kind ?,' ;'I have no doubt she speaks the truth, brother. I do not keep much company, and have never seen any body or heard her mention anyone for irhom Bhe is likely to have had a fonoy.' . ?'??',? ,' ' She is a singular girl,' mused the colonel. . 'It all comes from her living. so. :Xauoh alone,' said Miss Jane.; '.De- pend upon it . there iB nothing; like healthy employment. Where should' I -have been if . I had not taken :up church work?' - v' . ' ^ ' Qf coarse,' half groaned Colonel Btanmore, for be had learnt .by experi ence when, his sister- -began to- talk fkbpnt ohqich work she ; never , knew jflien to leave off. - T' Bnll;Ilpqk upon.the match as an exceedingly . /good , o'ne, . for j . although Mr. Blatohford is not exaotly a, gentle man he js so wealthy that Ella will )-e one of the.xiqhest women in England. Of coutBe you will^inBist nponhis ?BttUiig fl jjopiLsum upon'hiB.jfife ?' ' Of oonree/Jane ; of oours8. What doyouthinknow it Bhould be ?.' . ? :' Net, less thantwohundred and fitly .' .thousand , pounds, said - Miaa. Btanmore solemnly. : t '-What, a' quarter of a million? Why, the man will think that I- be Ueve him to be' made' of money.' . „' And sohe is. My dear . Geoffrey, When a man's in love so desperately . as Mr- JBlatobford isjie wUl do any ^^g^ jTon take my word.' . V we can,but5con«iowti: ii;I(e .thinks it toomuoh. .^We-dine at flya jastfournow. I'lmyejust' time to ombb in'ijomforti' . pf, Wjorde .''of ; ^m^U-|alk.^|i^^tfist1ie : ^ther. wtiqk ga ,^ . hppled. L,r^V,- , j ''lOplbnel , 1 ' _said he j. . ) Vlf oamis .here ? ^Tijih''; the intention . of tbaving five - tnmutes'.ooriyerBation .^ith, .ypn,' i i n-'By ^jn$^ns„-ny' dear:sir, ..j3ut,. 1ft,. U 'wait until .after dinner. oan talk over .matters Ba..inuoh more;i comfortably , 'v. [ - ?? I'l yoB'^dine^at fivej:I, think,^' said ; ? bonr. .. There is.jilpnty «f timeJo payo everything. as far as'I am oonoernedi, 'ipolpnelj . I am a plain - man, and i, I tieed 'not stop to oboose my words. I love Miss Ella— your daughter.' ' My sister has mentioned some-., ' thing of the kind : ito mej' murmured tlie colonel. '' I know the disparity of onr. ages,. I am forty-eight. and I oannpt-Jook for the love which she would bestow . upon a younger man. ! But I can wait, and if we are married Bhe shall never have reason to complain of my devp-: (ion.' Ugly and coarse as Mr. Blatohford undoubtedly wae, there was a kind of rpingh eloguenoe about him that ap pealeS to the oolpnel's natare. .; ' I have zettBon to believetbatjny ; 4aughterrloo)t8 .favourably upon.yonr ? Bait,1' ob served ';.fUoipnel . , Btanmore ' *\nth Bome deliberatibn. . 'Andio.far as I am conoerned I. have no pbjeo tion.' . . ,5 ., 1. ? Mr. Blatcliford'a doll eye gleatned for a moment with something like fire. v''.',/ -? : 'That . i8 well. . Then lei ns »bme to busineBs. ~I propose to .settle upon Mibb Ella if she beoomes my vnfe the spin, of . three hundred thousand pounds.' . . , ' ' Mr. Blatohford ? ' began the pblonel. ? i', , . - '.Sou are . not satisfied?.,, Well, pBrbaps yon are light. . ! I iyrill make it half-a-million.' 'You; are very generous, Mr. Blatohford,' gasped the oolonel, his breath almost taken away by the mag nifioenoe .of the , sum. -'Iam more than satisfied, rassurp-you.' ' Very good. Tbeji it ia saUled. Two , miniites to 'five. We Iiave not was^edjany words, I'tbinE'. _ . '.I ban' say for piyBelf that I never sayf any ifnilitary mpyament .executed with ..more. prompj;it^e.;- .And.,.you knowi^r.'Blatchford, in the army we : pride ourselves upon -^ur' decision.' ' I / 7' It.is'jnst^s'neoVsse^inb'uBiness. 'With'^ae it, is always yes or no.' In affairs of the heart it is usual to be inore deliberate. ' ,, ' I have not had muoh , experience in. that way,' was the reply. ' He oertainly is rather abrupt,' | thought thp colonel as, after the gong bad sounded, ke preceded Mr. Blatoh ford to the dining-room. 'But I suppose it is the way with these busi ness men. Half-a-million 1 Why, a tenth part pf the sum will be sufficient to clear Dylstone, and set me on ipy legs again,' It waB curious to see the infiuenoe which Ella's mere presenoe had over this rugged and uncouth man., , She felt jus hand tremble when she touched it with, her cool fingers, in .an .apology ifpr.a snake of tlie hand, and jihe knew pirfeotly well t^at - though her pnlBe waB.npt a quarter of a beat ..the., faster his wf^.^lopi'ng at ligHtning speed..,. . The dinner was aii affairtof . dulneaB andberemony. .Ell^jsu^Vliitle^^nd did not trouble herself in'^b'p ..least c to talk: f o .. Mr. Blatcbfordi The , .latter apparently /found saffioipnt occupation for his energies in gazing at his [fiancee, and bis' remarks.were principally, oon fined.'tomonoayUableB. CoIodbI Stan more, howeveri.wa8 in:gob^,spirit| at tjae proepect .of being rid . of the -mill- atpne WbioJi bad huog .so long 'round hii neckj and. unfolded from an. inex haustible etore plenty pi stirring inci dents of his Inuan experience, , whioh filled up pretty well the gaps in the conversation., ' In the evening Ella .played, and sang, and submitted to the^ devotion of her huge admirer with ..'tolerable graoe. At oneiperisd her father and aunt discovered an extraordinary .in .terest in the gaiden. and withdrew, leaving Ella and the.contraotor alone. Both seemed to divine intuitively that the orucial moment had come ; but for' once in his life ;Mr. Blatoh ford's boasted decision' at, character, deserted him. His . throat was parched, his hands trembled, anddrops of. perspiration stood on his wrinkled 1 and seamed brow. 'Miss Btanmore— — ' he. began, and then stopped. T v . He was leaning .awkwardly' against j thje.pianp, in front .'of wbioh sbp was seated, having just played one of { Chopin's waltzes, whioh, , to Mr. j -Blatohford, was abopt as intelligible as : a performanoe on tl^p, tom-tom. ., , ., ; YeB, Mrf Blatobford,' she said,' I raising her eyefj oalm'y to ^his face, j and 'knowing fdl weUih'e.caus'e of his. i emotipn.j . 'J : : 'I want to' say flomething to you. \ I -am ugly in. face, and rongh in.myl ! ways, I know, but.yoii .ean trust me | perhaps better than Borne of . . them, I whipper- snapper fellovri'.' Maybe you ' j guess what I am going to. ask you. ' i Women— I. ihean ' ladies, 'are quiok. jenpugh; i^.. these,, 'patie^s. they say. | Wjll .ypu.. . ,:-' , here it .Beemed. .as. i tbougf he had awallowed something. ; tbat had atupk m his throat—' be my wife.' . : . Atlast .it .v^as .out, and , there , he | stood, witb :a' despairing look L on his ! face, awaiting her answer. - Despite., , a.llherself-possession,nowthatthepro- ' I posal she had anticipated had come, it j had si visible «ffeot . . upon , her. Her i face -was pirfeotly polourleas even to | her lipfl'as she replied, without raising ; her /eyes from the maaic, If you . j wiBli itj Mr. Blatohford.',. '?* | | ^e blood ^Bhed .fo lus, pb^eks 'jiiid ' { forehead, ^dyeing . them brimson', tbe ' ; veins of his temnles standing out like ? corSage..;. ?- \ j It*«, ypu to saylthati ' lu« t Btanmore j^buti .1 ''jon'tr.want it ,* linow; but.it would .giye me ja ..sort i 1 ..He loDk|dc^t and , ifingfjed, ,4iw . ^MSiy^' Vatoji-eiiaiii., Wlisy * ppotr^is rttiey , presented ' she - jail graoe and .obarm, he rugose', jawkward, almost lepellpnt, , , i ' 'Vl- j'.. Isaifjwjj, rou,have, jt|rned me^om-a.-' a onan. . jPeopJe .i^ink : ,1/ ba^e-no' leiling,' no '] fitartlsd -:Ella..'; This^manl iaftpr.«ll, Joved in his^o wn ifa'sh'ionr-a love (that ^ 'p(cS anything, he: looV in Han|d «onr ^ Burned his whole-: being- Jpsiah jBlatobford Vas. a.man' :who ,oopld not jdp things , by half.' He cbrild prevent ^imselpfall^g.'jn lpye;,Jby.-eheer,.fpros . jof, will; but. .once having dealared his ' piiiicaseu. ; ,, . .,„:V ,, -,-.4 j :*,'I -baye,-flpplten,; tp VbPr lather, Miss Stanmore,.jud'..he^hasJgiye^ bonsent. I hara brengbt something ! 'And 'fumbling ' in his pocket he lirew forth; ,® diamond, . Ting,' ; whose (Jaezling Bparkle atjieBted,, the- purity : and value .of the stones, and handed it to. her.. r, ,» i ,8he 4opk it wiibbut ft 'wprij And placed it on her' finger, It wu as though .she had placed her. hand to paper and signed her life away* JoBiah Blatohford and Ella Stan more ive're engaged. , ! . OHAPXBB'ni. ' '' Bo at Pern Lodge, Olaphsm Common, Bt ten.' Wedding breakfast. ,Jomt Surra. Soranthe contents of a note ad dressed to 'Mr; David Tumhrill, Street, Clare Market.' Mr. David Tumbrill has altered consider ably sinoe we last Baw him on the SoottiBh border, and it aannot be eaid that the change1 has been for tbe bot ter. - He is ! stouter at the regibn of the waist, and bis face has an -un- healthy puffneBB about it, which, com bined with ..oertain .inflammatory symptoms ? about the nose and a wateryness in the eyes, indioate with tolerable certainty a partiality for aldohotie drinks. : Somehow thingB had not gone well ?with Mr. Tumbrill. - HiB attempt ? to convert^ the Robert Bruce from ;a humble inn to an hotel for tourists turned out a complete failure and re: suited in his having to perform the journey- kn'own'-as going, through -the ineolvent court. Then he came up to London, and triecl his hand at a ooffee shop at Poplar but after having been in the alcoholio line he could not bring himself to feel oomfortable among 'non-in toxicants,' and one fine night, just before1 quarter-day, he suddenly disappeared and waB heard of no more, so far as the unfortunate land lord of -the coffee-Bhop wab concerned. At the 'present time he 'was pioking np a livelihood as an ' «xtra ' -waiter, and could have got a { permanent , en gagement-had he been able to keep it ; but laziness and love« -of !gin .com bined were found ' to be inoomp&tible; with habits -of businbss, and -the oPn sequenoe was that '.his earnings were very precarious; ?' ? ? :f .-????' 'Just'now be was in particularly bad straits, for he had only just 'boine out of tbe hOBpital 'after a severe attack of erysipelas, the result of drink' and catohing'cold, and -he bad literally not a 'penhy ko bleBS himBelf with; The summons, therefore to -attend -in a -professional oapacity at the wedding breakfast at Clapbam was particularly welcome. He had fortunately not parted with a waiter's stoob-in- trade— his'euit of black,' white neoktie, and shiit-front— aiid tlius arraying him self; he set off oh his engagement. ' While Mr. Tumbrill is pursuing his way on foot (for be had no money to ride) from Clare Market' to Clapham, let nB take 'a stroll down Oxford-street; selecting for our'cornpany two' jfonng meh who have just met each : other, - and are leisurely ' Sauntering on tbe: : shady side of the way. ' ' Where the deuce are you -off to, i Hobson ? You look, with your new froDk' coat, ' light - continubltions, lavender -gloves; and rosebud, :)as if you were going to be roamed,' aske& one, a tall,- handsome fellow, broad-'ehested, sunburnt, and with' a flowing beard . and'ihouBtaohe. * 'You're not far'out, Bob: Next door to it. I'm going to a wedding, and a swell afikir it promises' to be.' 'By Jovel I wish I were going too.' ' \- 'Why, I thought'only women oared [ for -those things. I think them an awful bore.' . : ' So do I in a general- way. But the fact is, the -Illustrated Satirist - people want ' me tfr do a page of sooial 1 eketohes every week,' and they've taken' : into their confounded heads to pitch upon a fashionable wedding1 for the j . first aubjeot. Now of course I' ve read . desAriptions of weddings 'by the BcOre,' j bat iirVso much'.better to do it from j aotual life. Unfortunately, I've never : been to a fashionable wedding, -and - ' d6n't: 'know - any ; fashiohable people ? who want to beinarried.' . : ' Yon ? soon : will then. r' That pic I tnre of yours in' 4he Academy is' a i tremendous success, and will make you it natae.' : . ; - 'I. want it badly enough. I've not' [done very much in jSnglahdiii-epifo of ' : my eight years' hard work in Italy and Pranoe.' ' ; 'Don't be in a hurry, bid man. It'll oome, you take my word for it. let the meantime you want bread and jchlfcese; and you ' want -a^fasbioEiable' wedding. 'I can give you the ''second; : land that will 'give you the first.' ? ' 1 ?' Well 1 but I am not 'inyited,' !ob ije^ted'the'MiiBt.- ? ^ : !'''Tjeaye :it all to.'^ne. '-'Hiybn're a ' friend pf naine, that will bia Btiffibient.''; Ttfe-Silily tiling. is, you:ian't!:fi6' in ' th'oBe!ltoga.; ?'/ Felt-' liat, 'browri (and j may'-lfeddvrufety) velveteen boat; and I baggj tVousers'/are .aeuoedly bomfort- 1 jable, 'But ;'BOMbely ^ ^acceptable- at ;*?; itliiiig lik&:-th'eBe-?'-,';ahd. Mr. Odbnttf3 Ipoiiited With fedine eelf-satisfaction td ' Jhia wfeliffitting pb^t, and'^iis liroiibers' |falling',tnth'Boatbely%'Wrih1{ieover'his,i r.y' PeSbSibit/'-was the labbnio res poWK^^T«te'«^rthS'nalfe'ddeB8^-f' ^heTakid ' Siritb 1 'iii . hister/ %ut ^ ' J; :liiap IpfilS^Bli'^ould'bb iiP ';moire radPiiB; ?' Bible^than the 'velvetsen.' 'M - : . '' 'V ' r v ? ,' ; ;'i®i ' )itton^bg,-'''-3Ual(! |be*reir%e'rP 'loth' -or 'a1, size ;HI'll .lend1, iyon'a'float'andhaga that mll do.'' i ' Sight. Only I don't' promise yoo ' that iBhaniialilaythemtbthe ad van-.' Wge whioh'their proper bwaer wopia;' [When Iftim; 'dreBsel ;'ih' anything' blit ' iny -old' velveteen' I feel '.like' the trsidi jtional hd^ m armoar.' V 'Y [ ?-'-?.'Don'Ht Worry ; 'yburself abont- 'Jolir jfeeliiigfl.'Bob; — brit' ^;Po-ne,;;:; WeiMyS'^ tot S'Jmoinent to lose if we. intend to ! t-e^inv-time: ^.Th6 weddingie Vb be at ' jthe'churoh at eleven;'1 . 1 -'They were -'not -linore' than ' ten' ^ninuteB1 walk frbrn'-Oayeridisli- iqiiaiie;. Jwhere' 'Mr.-' Hobson lived. ftnd in less ^ than'half- ahihonr's'fimetheywerein K tftiiBbm' - fcpwting-'at' ''a' ''good Mpape joyardB the chbroh whisre the weading' |wVs tp'-take r plaoe, the artist inwardly ' knd ! obtwkrdly ' groWlinjg :un- ' ftobuetomecl 'feelihg of Wfeimridaj oased' as-'they 'yjiere Iln:r'iilbseet-fittihg Md glove's,' and of hiB hBad' eneirpled by that1 Abomination: of: nin^t^enth cen tury bivilisatibn— thestbve-pipe !hat. !''m^tefb tbtfh&p;|-ytfiir?' asked the young man addressed as *'Bbb v' by his companipn. ???' ; ? - ' : Old::Blatohford'8 the bridegrooin. You'veheard'bfJoBiih Blatphford/the ; Jfreat'oootrifotiorj haven't yoa ?' ' Pity my ignorance and my long absenoe from .my native shore. I have never—-tp my shame I confess it — heard of the name before.' ' Why, he's one of the biggest capi talists in England. Everything he touches turnB to fold. That jast reminds me. Yp'u must be introduced to him. It's the fashion for rich men ; to go in now-a-days for art, and the i less they know about it the better for j the artist.' ' You mean that these patrons are open to buy any.amount of potboilers, and give for them the prices of master: pieces? ' , 'Exaotly.'. -u ' Then I'd.rathernot be introduce^ to him; JaoJc, thank you,' said the artiBt dryly,. 'Poohl Don't be an ass. What does it matter who .buys your pictures so long aB yop get your prioe ? ' . . ' I dare say.ypu're right, but I oan't bring myself toTag'rep with you, Be turning to onr muttons, who is the blushixig bride.?.' Mr. Hpbson paueed for a moment. . ' By the 'Lord Harry, this is the drolleat thing I have heard of for' some time, 'Pon my word. I don't know her name..,. Old Blatohford gave me and tbe governor invitation oards. We do all his atookbroking business, yon know; our,. commission comes to a pretty handsome sum every year, I oan tell you ;.and it never; occurred to me to ask. Perhaps the oard says.' . ' But the card Biraply invited Mr. John. Hobson to Fern Lodge, Clapham Common, and no names were men tioned., . ' It's of no. oonsequenoe.. There'll be. an awful lot of people (here, and nobody will .bother .themselves about ns, . By. , the way, you'd better take yphr .pard. .You'll have' to pass as Mr. Thomas. Hobson.' ' Why !didn't. your father go ?' ' The old m^n has a.touoh of his favourite gont and . he's afraid pf the ohampagne. So ..much the better, bpcause I'ye been , able . to do you a good turn, Upb. But here we.are at tVe.'oburoh. ' By Jove, look at the crowd 1' '^Mr. John. Hpbson -might well, make the Remark, for around the poroh , . in the 'churchy^, and on the pavement , swarmed the populace, mostly consist ing :.of. women apd children, with a considerable dash pf... the butcher and gireengroper .boylof. .the neighbourhood. Half-a-.dozen policemen in . clean cot-, ton gloves in. honour of the oooaBion kept theVpfissage tolerably clear,, and Hobson and his friend bad no difficulty in making their way aoross tbe carpet which .had been laid down from the : roadway to tbe.phuroh'-door. , We're late,' whispered Hobson. ' The seryiop ^'as begun.' ; . . 'It'B ojf hb oonsequence,' returned the .other! ' I can Bee enough of the altar formypprpoBe.' TheyVfpund the ohurch orammed to Buffooatibn.j. ...Every pew and every 'aisle, save tbe one leading .from .the chanoel to the, side door through which the bride entered, were choked with spectators./ There were no galleries besides a small one in whioh stood the organ, and here, a few specially favoured visitors had stationed them selves. It is not every day that a millionaire of millionaires is married, and the admiring pnblio had evidently ; determined to do honour to the oooa eion. A real live bisbop, 'assisted '. bv the revs. — half-a-dozen in number, their names are of no consequence — ihad heeii ^secured to perform the oere :mony, and . Ills nnptuous accents were 'floating' through the ohuroh, enjoining the couple befpre hlm that if either of them kney any Impe^imept why tbey might not' be la^fuUy , joined together an paatrimony they were now to con- ; f^ss it, , , The artist'fpand.plenty of mp.terial for the etnplpyment of his pencil, and sheltering himBelf behind a pillar was isobn busy with bis ^note- book. He ; 'was bo absorbed with hie task that he was, surprised when Hobspn touohed him tbn the' shoulder and said it was all over.. And as. he ppoke the jubilant strains, of ; the Wedding March, for TObioli 'brides and - bridegrooms owe a |debi of eternal gratitude to Mendeh sohh, burat forth, and hp could juBt oatph a glimpse(of the bride's veil as her .huBban'd ' oonduotedher. to the vestry, .the^e, to go ^thrbugh the nsual formalities.. . . '^hall wp .wsJk to the bpuse or go . i^ pne bf the carriagoB ? There'll be plenty'pf them, .take my word for it,' asked Hobson.' . ' . ! . His .companion ^shmgged his shoul ders,' ir-, : '' I leave it to you, Hobspn. Yon know far mora, about what is the pro ? fcej: Mjjgi/to d^ itii^n X I tell you wh'at jI'8h(-Qld, like, 7 thonghi. Just to in)|ke',onr spay the west . 4oor and wait^ ipr.'.thp.jmde passing put, I. sbpjild. like .to jiiake^a'sk^toh of |her, bither,jfuli iape. oi'inVpcpfile. , I jam rather, hazy in mytnp.$onEiiai tp;j|Qip - ? , ' All right. ' ,v We shall have time .to jvprk onr way i ido 'pi .. this aisle before' She bbmes frpin-^e yestiy.' . f -.jB|BtH . ..Everybody Beemed to'have the same ysish as the . artist, ;,and' ,tbey.'- ,were aoon...'firmly wedged by the pasBihg throng in a! nano.w .passagp. inVthe oentre of the phproh, and^ unable to. move. either bapk^arid oOpr^ari, . .' It was useless of^n'ihking'of xjBMhing the.' west door, . and,,:the, two .'rpBignef themselves to theirfate. ,/ ... i ftftw^tyuJeB^^Ubpae the.pnBssure beeame leBSy forl( |the .^inde and brider groom had leFt ,lheltx!huroh, and .the chief attraotion gone ithe crowd began to , disperse,, The tw;io iTriends made theirwaytothe. dpbrr',Vaited. until a carnage was at: their disposal, and jumping in, were soon whirled to Fern, Lodge. . - ' !-i Pityyou didn't ;«ee the bride in her' veil. ;_ Wben you. , were intent inpon sketching .the faoe' of that fussy pew opener I caught a capital . view. I tell, yoa' wnat,'Bbb,' , old $|iatchford has good tasi«..; She's a jBagnifioent Crea- ture,.' . : Can't be inore than half his age though.' \ ' His' money bae bought her, I sup pose., .The old etoiy,' ? ' probably, butit'a nb affair of ours. ' A good luncheon's very much more to th^WpoBe.' ' 'TOe iil. for a' fewtaomtotB1reniiftiaed abaorbed in his own thoughts, rouBiug himself only I when the carriage turned into the sweep'in front of tho house. They bad to wait a minute or so while the carriage in front of them dis charged itB freight, and then tbey fol lowed suit. 'Straight through, gentlemen, if you please,' eaid a portly major domo at the doors. , And following tho direotion indicated by the fat fore finger of this important individual, the two young men passed through tbe spaoiouB hall into tho garden beyond, where on the lawn a huge marquee, with its attiped canvas and flaunting, flags, presented a gay Bight. Tbe wedding guestB were strolling about in all directions, introducing and being introdnoed, and with the brightly-coloured parterres, the fresh green of the well-kept lawn, the bril liant sun, and the blue eky, presented a picture of animation which the young artist thoroughly enjoyed. ' What a oharming combination of colours. It- needs the pencil of a Watteau to do justioe to the grouping. Really, Hobson, I'm awfully obliged to you for——' He stopped suddenly and looked in tently at a group of three, standing half-a-dozen yards away from them. ' Who is that soldierly-looking man 1 Do you know, Hobson ?' 'What; the old fellow with the white hair and moustaohe ?' 'Yes.' 'Never saw him before. We oan find out who be is if you particularly want the information.' ' I shonld be obliged if you would. He reminds me strangely of someone I used to know years ago,' replied the artist reflectively. ' All right. Hallo, there's an old party who oan tell us.' And leaving his oompanion still gazing intently at the little group, Mr. Hobaon hastened aoross the gravel walk to a stout florid gentleman with sandy, whiskers, a bine coat, and a white . waistooat,. who was talking loudly and . laughing npisily in the centre of a group of admiring young ladies. , Mr. Tallboys was a baohelor and. an indispensable guest at all wedding-breakfasts. He waB such ' good company,' ' kept everything alive,' and was always eeleoted to propose the health of the bridesmaids beoause be was ' such a capital band at making people laugh.' To. him, then,. Mr. Hobson ad ; dressed himself, and in a few. minutes : oame back to bis companion. . ' That's , Colonel Stanmore, the !' father of the bride. Hallo, what's : the matter, Bob ?' For the young man gave a start, and stared with distended eyes as though he.had seen a ghost. 'The father of the bride I' he re peated. ' Then is the bride Ella Stan'more ?' . 'Of oourse she is — so Tallboys Bays. Yon don't know her, do you ?' Something of his companion's face madp Jack Hobson wish he hadn't been so hasty in asking the question. Whether the other heard it or not, he did not however know, for tbe artist said nothing in reply. ' Would ypu take it unkind, Jaek, ifl didnot stay to this breakfast?' he asked after a pause. 'Of oourse not, old man. Look here, it's no affair of mine of course, and I don't say anything to you for the purpose of pumping you about something which don't concern me, but if you've any disinclination to meet, any body here, don't consider me, but do just as. you like. Of '.course I'm sorry to lose . your oom pany, for I know, so few here, but go, of course, if you feel inolined.' The other stood irresolute, and then said slowly : ' I've altered my mind, Jack. I'll Btay.' 'All right,' replied. Mr, Hobson, and he adroitly turned the conversa tion, for he saw plainly enough that |something had upset his companion. They strolled about for several moments; the artist making but few observations in reply to the remarks of Mr. Hobson, and then, on hearing the Bummons for the ' dejewnay,' aB the waiters oalled it, they walked towards the tent. Most of the knowing people, those who have a weakness for' the best of everything on the table, had preceded them', and the marquee was already half fuli. They 'took two seats whioh were near the door, tbe artist deolinirig, on the iovitation of obe of the waiters, to go higher up, and eo be nearer the bridegroom. ; ' Wb'at a curious race waiters are,' remarked Mr i Hobson . ' It's' always a'mystery to.me Vhere they get their boats from. Do you think they ever have, them made' on purpose? And it's awfully drPll,, too',' if you're in the habit] of goingto khany public dinheta, Show you meet the. same fellows, till you begin almoBt to inbjude thepi in the list of your' abquaiotano'es. _' Now that old fbllow who asked you' if you ' Wouldn't like io go . a' little higher I Kpow by sight', quite - well. I've met him at least a 'dozen; iimes, and he knows I always 'give .'him a shilling. He Iboked ponfoiahdedly hard at you, too, Bob, as if he recognised au old friend.' ' Did he ? ' was the artist's care- : less reply. - \- ' Yes. I'm hanged if he's not Btaribg atyou' again.' r ; With hie' thoughts (far away ' the young man turned hie. 'eyes towards the Vaite'r indicate!! by ' Ja^k Hobson. i 'Gfoo'd.ieavehei'. he ejaetilated.. 'What ' does this' liean? Hbw strangel' , ' ! . ' What's strange ? ' asked Hobson. ' t-to'inb'w that fellow, and if I'm hot very much mietaken beknowBme.' I : As his eye 'oahght the man's, the latter, (the man , not the eye) ap proaohed, ahd bending down said in a whlBper : ' Mr. Eiiight, if I ain't mistaken.' ' You're not, and, if my' eyes tell me tbe truth, you're David Tumbrill.'. ' The' same, sir. Bather the wuss for wear, but otherwise the same. It's a come-down for me, having bin need to' keep a house of my own, ain't it, Bir ? But how's the world with you, sir ? . You look a bit . older since I saw you last. . Still I should have knowed you among a'tbousand in spite of that long beard.-, You'll pardon me speaking bo fatnili&r; like— 1 can't forget old times. —but tlus is a ram go.' ' What do yon mean ?' said Bobert Knight, with a tin go of fiercenoss in his tones. ' Why you, and mo, and Miss Ella — leastways, Mrs. Blatohford as she now is — all a-meeting again tho eame day, ain't it ?' And Mr. Tumbrill shot a ouriously ouuning look out of tho oorners of his watery eyes. Bobert Kuight'had too good a com mand over his features to botray any emotion, though had the truth been told David Tambrill'e wordB had pierced him like a dagger. He did not reply, and David at tho Bamo moment receiving some order from his superior in oommand, tho con versation ceased. A slight buzz and hum announced tbe entry of the newly-married pair. Clutching the pole whioh supported the canvas roof, liobert *Knight stood up with the rest of tho oompauy, aud the grip of his right hand on tbe wood — a grip eo tight that tho tendons of the fingers stood out in little ridges at tbe baok of the band — alone attested the opnflioting emotions whioh wore surg ing through hiB breast like the waveB pi the Bea. - . Was it strange that bis mind went baok some eight years to the little inn on the Scottish border, to the romance of his boyhood ; a romauoe whioh, despite all the vioisBitudoe of fortune, despite tbe battlings with tbe world in tho raoe after fame and wealth, his memory kopt ever fresh. Who can say what hope, what do sire, he had nursed in his heart through those long years of struggles and hard work ? Was there ever pre 1 sent in all his trials and rebuffs one faoe wbioh oheered him on, and bid hitn take oourage, and press towards the goal of ambition and reward after toil ? If he had ever indulged in suoh wild day-dreamB, then bitter indeed must have been his disappointment, and tboBe obeers whioh greeted hus band and wife muBt have Bounded in hiB ears the death-knell of hiB hopes of future happineeB. But no one could have found in hiB impassive features any clue to his emotions. Perhaps even he had sum med up in that brief moment, in the inexorable logic of facts, that he bad but been resting in a fool's paradiBe, and that after all tbis sbattoring of his castle in the air was only what he could. have expected. Still, fate might have been kinder to him, aud spared him the anguish of that moment. Had he heard that Ella had boon married — well, he could have borne the intelligence with equanimity, but : the sight of her had kindled the ashes . of his love only to scatter them once i more to the winds. She bad grown more beautiful, far more beautiful. He had sufficient oalmness to note that. But her beauty was the beauty of the statue, without heart, without animation. What a contrast to tbe burly, coarse-looking man whom she had chosen for her partner for life. It is doubtful, if his feelings oould have been analysed, whether Bobert Knight was not more forcibly impressed by this oontrast than by the blow which he himself bad received. ' And it has come to this,' he mut tered. ' She has sold herself to the highest bidder. Is there really aught of faith in purity in womankind ?' Tbere waB a fierce light in his eyes as he sat down, and in the poignanoy of his emotion he returned some savage answer to the unfortunate i waiter who had at this unluoky crisis inquired whether he would take thick or clear turtle-soup. There is but a etep from the sub lime to the ridiculous, and tbe next moment the utter absurdity of tbe conjunction of blighted love and iturtle-soup struok him so forcibly that he eould have roared with laughter. The sudden reaction and the effort he made to oontrol himself did him good. 'Here,' said he to the alarmed waiter, ' bring me some clear eoup.' And . tbe man, thinking he had a oholerio individual whom it were best not to offend, executed the order with a celerity whioh was perfeotly marvellous. But it was not the turtle-soup for which Bobert Knight oared at that moment. The iced champagne was a muoh more potent soother of his Isorrows, and'witb a slightly, unsteady hand he. poured out a tumbler and drank it at a draught. 'C-ently,' whispered Hobson, who notioed this aotion and marvelled somewhat, knowing the habitual ab stemiousness of -the artist. 'Ther- mometer's at eighty in. the shade, and we've a long programme of edibleB and potables to go through.' ? 'Bah I' laughed Bobert with a peculiar laugh whioh somehow, grated pn bis companion's ears, ' Nothing will- .hurt me to-day. I'd defy - even that old. whisky of yours; if it were mixed by;the evil one himself.' I Bob,' said the other quietly, something upset you to-day. You're |iot yourself, old man. Take . my advioe and leave the Boederer alone.' . 'You. need not be afraid. I shall |be as mild as any -suoking dove, and allow myself to be dosed with the milk-and-water platitudes with the patienoe of Job. This is a day, Jack, I shall : never forget, and I mean to enjoy myself.' -And -he '.swallowed- another glass of champagne despite the troubled look which came into Jack Hobson's face. ' One doesn't want to -be able to see far into a -millstone . to guess what's, the matter with Bob. Who the deuoe . could, have imagined he had been ioquainted with Miss Stanmore — I beg her pardon,' Mrs. Blatohford,'. mused Mr. Hobson. ' I hope to - goodness he won't make an ass of- himself. He's in jast tbe mood. I'd better get him away directly after the luncheon.' In spite however of the quantity he drank and the little he ate, Bobert Knight did not show muoh obange in his -demeanour. ' The fact was his whole nervous system had been so; highly wrought that the champagne had scarcely any effeot on -him; and in. .reality he was as sober as . Jaok Hob-_ son himself. He perhaps talked a little more than was bis wont, aud in a sarcastio strain whioh was not common to him, but this was the only, thing, noticeable. In the meaatime the wedding break fast proooedod. Under the mellifluous \ 1 iufluonce of champagne the guests 1 laughed, and talked, and flirted, and \\. enjoyed thomselves to their hearts' \ oontent. . Porhapa the most silent v couplo there wero tho principal acton N — the newly-married pair. Mr. Blatph fov dbad the misfortune to be seated opposite the bishop, and the influence of the high dignitary of tbe church i seemed to have ovorpowerod him, for 41 he eaid but little, and - then only ih ~ monosyllables. Mrs. Blatohford re- - pliod to any observation whioh was made to hor, but her manner waB bold and repellent, and undor such circum etaneos anything like conversation wbb impossible. Tbero is no need to repeat what was said in tbe speeches. Weddingbreak fast harangues are all very much alike, and there was nothing remarkable in those made at Fern Lodge, save and exoept that they wore highly laudatory of Mr. Josiah Blatohford, as though tbe posBeBBor of eo many millions'b'afl done a particularly meritorious aoti^ii in oondesoending to be married. Mr. Blatohford'e speeoh in repty to tbe toast of himself aud his wile liar; priBod everyone. It was short, to the point, and thoroughly, in earnest. He did not boast, as he might have done, of hiB having been tho arobiteot of his own fortune ; be did not oonfess, as a great many rich and vulgar men take 'a pride iu oonfeaeing, that he had sprung from the gutter and was no gentleman ; bat be simply thanlcpd his friends for their good wishes and asked tbem to believe that he but told the seoret of his heart when he said that all his aim in life was to love and bo loved by the lady who that day had beoomo his wife. Then he sat down, and for onoe a gleam of something like feeling shot into the eyos of the statnpsque' being by his side. IIo had npt as she feared, made himself ridionlouB, and she wal grateful to him for it. Bobert, who had watched her faoe steadily, saw the glanee aud read its meaning. ' He is not a vulgar ignoramus,' he thought. ' I will do him that jus tice.' And then oame the departure for the honeymoon, tbe rioe, and the slippers. To Robart Knight's fanoy Ella lookod iu her travelling dress even more beautiful than in her bridal attire. There had been a short inter val while tho bride was obanging ber dress, and in the meantime the guests had assembled in the drawing-room and the epaeious hall of the house. Bobert Knight had followed with the rest, drawn thither, by a strange fasoi nation which he oould not resist. The throng was great, and as it parted to allow Mr. and Mrs. Blatohford to pass through he was by a strange ohanoe forced into a oorner next the door. With hiB eyes fixed on her faoe Ella came nearer and nearer. Tho next moment she would have pasBed him, when, as if she felt seme mesmerio influence, she suddenly turned her bead in his direotion. Their eyes met. Sbo faltered in hor step and paused for oue moment, and then, releasing herself with a violent effort from the spell wbioh bound her, she passed on without a sign of recognition — with- out the slightest relaxation in the lines of her proud faoe. (To be cmlinutd.) Noxious Animals. — As an indication of the deoreaBe or increase of noxious animals in the oolony, other than rabbits, the following particulars taken from returnB received by the Btoek department may be given : — In 1880 the number of kangaroos in New South Wales was estimated at 5,184,000, but ten years later there were not more than 1,007,104 of these animals. Large numbers of them are destroyed every year, and both in 1882 and in 1881 nearly a million and a-half were killed. The number destroyed, in view of the deorease in the animals, is tttoessarily muoh less every .year, and during 1890 not more than 207,769 were killed, and it seems probable that before many years have elapsed the kangaroo in New South Wales will be a rare animal. Sinoe 1881 over 8,000,000 have been killed. The wallaby however does not deorease so rapidly, ae while in 1880 it was esti mated that . tbere were 8,817,000 of these animals in tbe colony, in 1890 tbe estimate was 2,602,002, . though during the period nearly 4} millions bad been slaughtered. - The native dogs numbered 800,000 in 1880, and ten years later the number was 20,850. Hares -are increasing very rapidly, and in.some.plaoes promise to be as great a pest -b rabbits. .In 1886 it was. estimated that there ;were not more than. 801,50(1 of these lively animals ig the polpny, bat last year the .number , had , 'reaohed 8,184,000. Daring . 1890 ,897,489 af tbem wei;e. killed. The amount of assessment, oolleoted. sinoe 1881 has been £872,644, the amount 'of govern ment subsidy paid has reached £110,651, and the amount of expendi ture oame to £509,088. Tbis shows that it is a pretty expensive matter tbis work of keeping down the number of noxipus animals in the oolony. — Daily Telegraph. Thb Ooutno Millionaire. — Mr. Carnegie, the Amerioan . millionaire iron - master, Bays that there is one sure mark -of the com ing millionaire. . His revenues always exceed his expenditure. He begins to save as soon as he begins to earn. Capitalists trust the saving ypung man. It is not, . oapital your seniors require ; it ie the man who has proved he has the business habits which make, oapital.. Begin at onoe to : lay np . something. It is ' tbe first . hundred poande saved whioh will tell. And .Jbere is the prime condition of snocess, the great seoret : concentrate your energy, thought, and capital exclusively upon the business in wbioh you are engaged. Having begun in one line, resolve to fight it out on that line ; to lead in it ; adopt every improvement, have the beBt ma chinery, and know the most about it. Finally, do npt be impatient ; for, aB E meraon says, ' No one can cheat yon out of ultimate eqboesB ' but your seltes.' ?' .^sws.- ? ? ? 