The Warneford Ghost. "The house is very Ioll, l.On:cnc, an? I thought you wouldnot Lind elepit ; in this I room," said 1 try \alrnelcrd, as ile h ueIhiI d mu into a large, airy bedro:om, into which the bright rays of the utLting sun were streaming rlorionsly on aeertain tternoon in a by-cone June. "I really see no visible reason why I should do so," I replied jestingly, with a smile. " I think it about as charming a room as it welloan be." " The room is fairly pleasant in its way," she returned carelessly. " Only, as you know, it is supposed to be haunted." "IIluntedI" I repeated, rather aghnst. "Do you mean to say that this is the haunted room ?" " Yes, it is the room that is said to be haunted," she replid quitoly. "Do you obh jeol to it ? [f so, pray any so, dear." Hler words woke me to a sense of my duty to my hostess. " Oh, dear, no," Ireplied quickly. " I call it most interesting ?" " Very interesting, no doubt, to those who believe in ghosts," sho returnedquietly. "I do not,or I need scarcely any I should not have put you in this room." Of course, I know that, and of courso the ghost qle tion is all nonsenle," I agreed lightly. ' Juest eo dear," she returned in the same tone. " I knew you were blessed with a little oomthcn sense, nna that was why I selected you as a suitable occupant for this room. We all know that you are quite above anythi)Bj of thin sort, and do not possess sush inconvenient things asg' nerves.'" Aul with this flattering aosuranc ringing in mi earn I fonund myself alone in the haun ed room at W\\\rnelord Abbey. I 1 oked ouriously around it. A oehrm ge om aertainly, but haunted, '-'haunted roolc Now the hauntcd room at Warneford Abbey was about as well known as tie haunted house in Bierkeley square, and for years is had been closely looked against all possible intruders. It was an understood fact that the late Sir Charles Warnceord did not like any mention of the Warneford ghost to be made in his presence. There had been a charmiir- mystery about the Warneford haunted room. Everyone told a different story about it, and everyone was quite sure that his version of it was the true one. Some people swore it was a man; some people knew for a fact it was a woman ; others were sure it was a monster, too dread ful in its hideousness to be described, and others had been told, on reliable authority, that it had a tail and cloven feet, and its form altogether was the reverse to heavenly. But when Mary'e husband, the present baronet, came into the property, which he did very shortly before the time this story begins, he took quite an original view of the case, and proclaimed for and wide that there was no ghost at all, much less a monster. Mary backed him up about it. They un looked the room, had it thoroughly done up and reflurnished, and gave it to bh understood that they could not understand how anyone in his senses could possibly have believed that there could have been a word of truth in any of those old, foolish, superstitious stories. And it was thus Mary coolly introduced the first guest into that haunted room. Did I quite like it when I found myself alone there? Of1 course it is nice to hoe told that you peasses plenty of common sense, and that your nerves are good; and equally, of eoorer, to proclaim yoursell no wiser than your neighbors, and your nerves only indif ferent, in the face of such high praise, is a moral impossibility; but these is a great deal of difference between proclaiming a thing and thinking it. My duty to my hostess had forced me to treat the matter in a conventionally light manner; but no sooner did I lind myself alone than I began to thinkl that there is an unnecessary amount of conventionality in the world, and that if one might sometimes ...indulg .in.a?, rutbreak of sincerity it would be an iafinite relief to one's feelings. But I had not indulged in one, and theruI was in the haunted room, feeling very much as the man who once jumped a big fence by accident, and ever afterward hadt to keep up his character as a hard rider, must have felt. I gazed around the room in an awestruck manner, and came quickly to tile conclusion that the thing I liked tile least in it was the bed. A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on which was carved innumerable extremely unattrnae tive objects. Hleads of murderous.looking men and women, interwoven among horrible, open-mouthed animals, which had never been copied from any of the species supposed to have come out of the ark, and were not the less ghastly because their proportions were a physical impossibility. No, I certainly aid not like the bed in which I was doomed to sleep that night at all. However, lucky for my peace of mind, I h]ad not much time to spare in meditation. We had arrived just in time to dress for dinner-papa, Molly and I-and when Mary left me I had only hall an hour in which to box for some evening lboihes, and '0esee my. self for dinner. Molly was the beauty of our family, and, therefore, of course, monopolised the almost undivided attention of our maid. We spent a pleasant enough evening. Mary understood thoroughlly how to keep things going, and it was Icng after twelve o'clock when we ladies trooped upstairs to bed. Molly came into my room for a few moments, and commented eondescendingly upon the fact that it was a nice roomn I fancied eho was rather annoyed to find it much larger and more elaborately furcishied than her own. Molly was a eapital girl in some ways, but just a trifle spoilt in others, and she used to like to be thought a very important young lady, and to get the boat of everything. Any way, she did not slay long with me that evening, but, after a few remnrks as to howiJ Mliss Jameson COrr-Murton - the latest American beauty-had hated liher all tile ove? ng,and how mucll more rhe would hatlo her elore the nextl few days were over, she wono yawning cfT to her own room. It was next door to mine. Once again I found myself alone in the haunted room. But this time I was resolved not to think about it. I was ncrvous, and I knew that the more my ,mind dwelt upon the matter, the more nervlu, I shouldl become, and so I bustled energetiaelly alout tlen room, iheaped ooals upon the life, whioh, nad the season had its due, ought to have been eonepiouous by its absence, end began to undlress. I had not mentionedd anythlig about it to Molly. Talking about it wouoll only have made it worse, nrd Molly wouhl probably only have laughed at ile hlad I done so, for sino sre was not goilng to sleep in the haunted room herelit, ailo would certainly have been disposed to treat the glhout ,ucis tionlightly. A top at lmly door, and Iarcser, our mild, entered the room. "I shall inot want anylthing to-nii.ht, MIarsden," I exlaimed, lupon seeinll her. " IL you willleaunoe ny doing ao, I wi;lh to say a few words to aou, aey idly,'" lho re. plied in a ratlie rvoe s mneOieier., '' 'hero are sole terrible tales going, down in tioe housekeeperns'o rooan, iy lady, about thie room," sheo nid, in a inimteriiuei whielper. "'lthennk you, lMarsle II. I kow all lot It, Ilounel Ilnauotedll" I rlplied witl woule. be.lndifferen",. ' Yes, sey lady, t rribly Ilnuttedl,I eilieve; and, not frelinie ,qito happy ahliit yier ladysllp's oi piniiIi her,, I ltoiel theI liberty of looking about thle rooen a Ilttll thI, even,. Ing." ' Thankl yolu o!gaii, Marodien, for thinkinio of me. VWellI, no wheat Ilavoyou dsoneovered i" I returned lighiltly. "Thile, Iny Idly,"nhn relield qeilni, draw. lng osido a eurtein as nh0 nlOlkl', and dinolon. lag boilind il a nlinall oIInilled door, l' Is it n ulpboard e' IIlnuiredl. "No, mny lIdy," nsle rellidi, ilopetlnn tih door nnd rovenall ln amnill, narrowicxtroltmly slo, wIlndIng Ilillght of slnirs, ', I don't know whore II leads to," she eolltlieued solemnly, " bul I don't liko the looke of l's, A i matit-r of fact no rore did I, L W vl I .Ik this deor, Mlireden," I r:. S'Tree i. cLither key no, belt, your ladl sh i,' hce I:lau.ied prctta ingly. Anid, echiia thas eho was rigs t in thi i I was aioe,.d to hide my fears, and, feigning indill::ete, to put nu end to the matter by dismiaeing her. But no sooner ihad she left me thasn 1 eizid a candlestick and hurried into Miuly'' room. I had given up all idea of sleeping alone in the Warneford Abbey haunted room. Molly already was sleeping soundly, but without. a moment's consideration I woke liher. " What is it, dear?" she inquired drowsily. "Wake up, Molly, I'want to tallk to you," I replied briskly, sitting down on the foot of her bed. "Oan I sleep in here with you ?" " My dear Flurenoe, just look at the bad I" she exclaimed, sitting up as sheo spoke, and bestowing an indignant glance upon me. "It is certainly rather small," I replied doleftlly. "Small I Indeed it is. I nasur you it is nearly haltf a yard too abort, and as to turn ing over in it, it is a sheer impossibility," the returned testily. "Oh, I am eo gladl" I exclaimed, and meant whlat I said," "Glad "' she repeated, " Very glad; because I have a huge double bed in mly room, and I want you to share it with me." But, my dear, I am so sleepy, and I know you will talk all night." "No, indeed I will not, Molly," I assured ier. ' You must come, really. The room is haunted." " Iaunted ?" "Yes; haunted. Mary has given me the haunted room, and I asreur you I don't like it." "I will come, Florence," she agreed t once. " 1 call thts too bad of Mary. We a? uot both- altai;-in-h1ar-d a di'ol oburse, ydu cannot dleep alone there." Aud, without lurtherdelay, she put on her dressing gown and followed me into my room. It soon brosam evident to meo that she looked upon the forthooming night as a rather exciting adventure, and that upon the whole she was prepared to emile upon me for having sought her protection. Just ae she was getting into bed her atten tion was attracted by my friend, the bed stead, and shabe peered curiously at it for several minutes in her near-sighted way. "I call that distinetly nasty," she re marked with would-be gaiety. "I wonder if one can sleep comfortably in that Led 1" "Shall we try?" I returned, suitiog my tone to hers; and before long we both had our heads on the pillows, anod silence reigned in the haunted room. So complete was the silence that I believed Molly to have gone to sleep almost im mediately. I was rather restless myself, but was just dozing off at last, when rolly turned over no violently two or three times that aoe left me absolutely without bed. clothes. I was obliged to remonstrato, al though .reluctant to do so because of her good'nature in coming into my haunted room with me. " You pulled all the bedclothes off when you turned over the last time, dear," I pro tested gently. "'I really should not have disturbed you about it it you had left the aheet, but-" "Pray take them all," she replied shortly. Molly's temper was rather abhort sometimes. "Thib is a most uncomfortable arrange ment." " Do not be arooo," I suggested calmly. " Let us go to sleep," shabe agreed. This time nothing happened to distorb os, and we both did go to sleep, and slept for several hours, When I next awoke I did so with a start, and trembling all over sat bolt upright in bed. My breath came in quick, epasmodic gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes be. Came fixed in a horrid stre upon the curtain which covered the secret door. Undeniably there were tootatepe coming slowly and stealthily down the hidden stair case I The fire burnt dimly in the grate, casting an unnatural, ghostly light over the econe, and horribly weird did that large, oak pannelled room look by that feeble, flickering light. Utterly powerless to move or speak, I sat thore in a waking nightmare as those foot steps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just outside the door. I tried to close my eyes; but no, some strange, unoanny influence seemed to hold them riveted upon the curtain, which pre. sently was slowly drawn aside. Very stealthily the emaciated figure of a very tall woman entered the room. Slowly and noiselessly this black-robed figure crossed over to one .t the windows, pulled back the curtains with a long blue-white hand, and stood gazinl outward in the soft brilliant light ol thle full moon,. Still unable to stir a finger or utter even a single word, seemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with its back toward me. Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, and began to rapidly move across the room toward the bed in which 1 lay. Murder and insanity were plainly visible upen the face of cloak was thrown bask, and in her right hand she held a large and extremely awkward looking knife. But, ah, Heaven, the relief of it I It was a living woman with whom I had to deal I Another second and I had roused Molly, and was out of bed, struggling with my foe, whom I so much surprised by the quickness of moy movements that, with only the matter of two unpleasant gashes, one on my Ihand and another on hers, I succedingin wresting the knife from her and throwing it far away out of the open window. Then it merely became a case of physical strength ; and, no I was luckily a strongly. built woman, I held my own very satiesla. torily against her, until Molly brought every one in th e lhuu into the haunted room by her screanls in the corridor outside it, It proved to be the housekeeper, who hiad lived at Warnetold for nearly lilty years, and whom no one had ever connected with the ghost in tile haunted room, nlthough the servants declared that they hacd always kllown that Ilhe cullcred from fits of inoanity, but that they Ihad never oared to icention it, knowing tlhat she wais i favorite and a valu. able old rervant. l'lhey had believed her to be quite hIarlcse, A little lioltolke, by the way, which might lhava been awkward for ice. TeiIc amountc hatof het whIlich tle sun sends forthll 'eery accoend is cnlaeleted to be so great thlmt it would slollliro I clusdrillions oi tonl, of co:l to lrodulco it-at n alioult qlite b'eond thle po:ver ol thle coelnllo Iminid to grasp. The iiimount of wIater whichi it r(o\leo soru the eartl every miineute iv evtiiattd at the euormouu wetiigltl of 37,0c)0,000,000i of tone. T'l: nliinI of the bee is 0o Ileculinrly on" strulctcled licitl if you ipull it out, inteald of re lievilig the Ipcin, it adds Iereatly to it, for in. utead of Icllhlg cct the foicon, you piUcch it into thehlaiclh. Thiu in not Ilenernally incown, iencc th evirrer piain fromi tile oltill. ihraolo he Iticg 0ot eiutielately wiith a cilife, nnd yill scereilo thIeu l)poin out alo, InIl eooii for. pet )ccu Ihave beecin olcnnl. 'I'li:i C inc lion (Irvelrnmlllent earcl to i!ront nei, itld Ic.Cccges to emicgrents in July, It 'Sc , Icict IIthe It.clltic ofl the porlit l Montlceal tciiOW thutr ii 'ii,, ie cci c r intv crrivolc iln that city linlt yecr, c l ctllLnt 7311 c Ihe year t noc re, ancl that the immiih'oil'rvtlc ill now of a belter class than formerly, the amount of money Ibr -Ic.ht I y i 'the 'cow vcIen)l c havhiII: rieci froml i £sr,, ci itc to 'm lll0. il hcct yc t'ca arrivchc ti chcul he vcici thcht I, c.13 wcre on thicr way to tlihe Uniited Hi l. Ticll: al ciect niiiverecit verdllet of (ii?rlll alc ls ein ecih l vic?n ehlicc niceccin c u I Inu c lakhicc nc cot reccccc'iy lyjclreieol , tlcfothi thio femIcicc)ic lic i, ciurelllllicr , cull c : "''h'l tl ci onih ellyl ci the niii tiic c l acid at slco led hlilcer cieoly ob heeolilmil eteadnlly wionler olcd lOort nlervocllll, i by no cllanl cillsletrprlllcig. 'lThe olvlclc sIl InereaIcI of nlrYvo and illllcd dlisccsc ciII ouIcr ldaiy is u tdouliitedlly thio rislilt, to a irenat ulenl, of the tobaco acid alcf ololi habit, and of ttic lrlrnintil of tlie iervous system caused by these poison." 