THE PULPIT. EASTER SUNDAY SERVICES. WIOKHAM-TERRAOB PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. At the Wiokham-terrace Presbyterian Church large congregations aasembled at both morning and evening services yestorday. At the even- ing service Stainer's anthem, "They have taken away my Lord," waa Bung by the ohoir. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan preached on both occasions, and in the evening took as his text 1st CorinthianB, * xv., 35, The preaoher said,-The 15th ohapter of the 1st Corinthiana, pre-eminently important to the serious inquirer about the future, finds man at the open grave, and while he is look- ing into its gloomy portals he is permitted to see beyond. This ohapter, to the Christian, is as Nebo to Moses. It ia here he aees some- thing of the promised land of immortality. Paul is permitted to see and write for all who would 'know something of the resurrection life, and although his language ia remarkably olear and explioit, yet it leads to the con- sideration of mysterious depths and we are lost in the sublime contemplation. Were it not that we are in searoh of something of personal interest we might well hesitate to under- take the study. As we eaoh and all must test the reality soon we eagerly listen to the voioe which speaks of the hidden future. The first question is-How are the dead raised up ? This evidently was a question anticipated by Paul as the result of doubt mingled with surprise. It certainly ia a question that has excited the highest imagination and moved the deepest emotions in the mind and heart of mankind. No question studied by man has called forth more profound thought or a greater variety of answers. There ia-1. The old orthodox anawer, which ia purely material from beginning to end- namely, that at the sounding of a trumpet every material atom finde ita original place in every human body. This view has been encouraged by the poets of past centuries, and some of the preachers of more recent date have delighted to dwell on this anawer in minute and disgusting details. It does not require a refutation now, as but few if any earnest students so far materialise spiritual things as to believe or teaoh the resurrection of the physioal body as it is when the aoul leaves it. 2. The anawer of the poetio rationalists - namely, that the resurrection is only an ideal dream of beauty, representing the soul rising from spiritual death to life, and may be seen in operation in every aapiration after the true, beautiful, and good. Even the resurrection of Christ had no objeotive reality, but was used merely as a figure representing the subjective rising of the Christ life within the soul. All this may be beautiful enough, but is far from being satisfactory to the dying man or to one in the cloud of bereavement. The soul in trouble'wants some- thing more real than poeticlidbal,: charming as it may be. It is not professed,,) however, that this view haa any other foundation than human imagination. Then there is-3. The answer of the mystics and such as profesa to have attained the inner eight-esoteric Chris- tians thoy might be called. Such tell us man has two bodies-one material and the other paychical-and when the former diea returning to the dust, the latter rises with the soul to the immortal life. This impression seema to be gathered from a misinterpretation of the Pauline teaching concerning bodies terrestrial and > bodies celestial. While this view may be justified from some passages in the New Testament, there are many others incon- sistent with it. Concerning the resurrection, the declaration ia made that it has to do in some aense with our " mortal bodies," and the statement that " all that are in their graves shall come forth " indioates a resurrection more real and tangible than that of a psychical body. The basis of the Pauline argument ia to show the desirability and ceitainty of a real resurrection from idie dead, though certainly not in a material sense. Hopoa the seaond question''"naturally arises, "With what manner of body/üo-they come ?" There is evidenae that thnpquestion was asked at first as a sneer bf so&à one who dis- believed the teaohing of Paul1.'1 He, therefofe, draws an analogy from nature to show the possibility and probability of a resurrection from the dead. The wonders of growth are as deeply mysterious as the resurrection, and neither can be fully explained to the mind bound by the limitations of the earth life. Following tho Pauline teaohing we may learn what the resurrection body is not; and though wo are incapable of fully understand- ing, we may, at least in a measure, know something of what it ia. Ob8orve then : 1\. The résurrection body is not this physical body, over obanging as to substance; "Not that which shall be," certainly not a body of " flesh and blood," for auoh cannot inherit the kingdom, beoause it is absolutely unsuited to the resurrection life. As this body of flesh is suited only to the earthly life, it onda with its earthly purpose; therefore we say, "Earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust," finally and forever, but still consistently, in hope of the resurrection at the last day. The conclusion manifestly ia -2. That the resurrection body ia in some mysterious sense the earthly body ever abiding as to identity. A something and a somewhat will be raised at the last day that will distinguish the individuality of eaoh per- son from all others in the universe. In what then will this identity consist ? Clearness of thought here may lead us to a solution of the mysteiy. Following the thought of my old theological instructor, Dr. Hodge, I observe (a) that there is an identity which depends upon substanoe, and that is its lowest form. For example, the water in a vessel may be frozen, and the ice melted or converted into steam, and thus condensed, but it is the same water as to substanoe through all its changes. The maker of the oondensing engine recognises the identity depending upon sub- stance. "(b) There is an identity which depends upon form ; this is higher. The identityHof Angolo's statue of Moses depends upon the form wrought by the master hand. You would know it at any time and plaoe by its form, and not by the material of which it is composed. (c) There is a still higher identity, that which depends upon an idea or mental con- cept as in the case with a poem. The identity of a particular poemfdoes not depend either upon substance or form. You recognise it as the same, whether it be printed, written, or engraved, or if it be merely repeated. The same ia true of a pioture ; you recognise it as the same whether desoribed in words, or pointed on canvas, or corved in rook. (d) But the highest of all is that identity which depends upon organic life in con- tinuance. We have examplea of this Sn the acorn and the oak ; the same in organia life, though ever changing as to form and sub- stance ; also in the ever-changing substance of the human body, and the conscious con- tinuance of the identical personality, while memory binds the whole life in unity. Paul in using the illustration of the grain of wheat meant to say that this continuanoe of identity; in the 'future life is. a mystery no greater than that of natural growth, and n some sense analogous to it. This has led to the conclusion that there is in this body an impel¡ähablo gorm, dormant in this life, but which fashions for itself a new body in the resurrection life. This idea has become very prominent in Geiman theological thought. Dr. Julius Muller thinks there is a vital organising force which continues in union with the soul, but is not operative between death and the íesurrection, bo that " the principle of identity, although in the body, doej not porish with fit, butjremsjns anited f" the soul, and under appronrmta où« a stances fashions" for itselF ? n6w °Ä Dr.;Lange teaohes that-thHenl waa oreaÄ bemoarnate, and theréf^was endowedKith forcefr-and-talents to that%hdr Invirt.», «5% nature as certainly gathSw sùrrnL/1'8 matter the materials for a nlw body as a fDf gathers; from the earth and a£ the »? suited to its necessities. The sou lwhÄ earth forms for/itself a body out of "Im - materials. When it loaves the earth KfÄ a habitation for itself out of the material tV found in the higher sphere, and-?t th" 6nd o? the word, when the grand palingenesia I £ occur, the souls of men according t0 the? nature will fashion bodies for themsalv»., " I of he elements of the dissÓlvinT uruve«e Paul gives us certain positive declarations °?t the nature of the resurrection body, that ft i= to be incorruptibler immortal,*' Jo«3 glorious, spiritual and therefore suited to th' heavenly state. From all this"study onr,^ olTf* that the immortal Ä of tt earthly body is to use and fashfonto itselfI new and spiritual body-that everymdiviClitv is to be preserved in oonsoious identitv 3 that in the eternal state there is SA3?\ adaptation to the eternal hie. perfe<* THE CITY TABERNAOLE. " That I may know Him, ond the power of His resurrection " (Philippians iii.. 10Í w«««?i text of the Rev W.V WlXs sermon al theÄ Tabernaole last evening. The rev «,«11«,." said: The supreme aim of KtVmÄt redemption, and the beginning of actual' T demption is resurrection. »The Churoh of Christ," it has been said, »is baili over an empty sepulchre.» The taunt has become a oommendetion, for it allows the faot of reanr reotion, and affirms that out of it spronn or or," it was built, the Church. The fact of Christ's resurrection has sent a thrill of energy throush the ages, and has not even now become feeble It has vital forces and useful lessons for th» present time. The Christ-life operates accord ing to itB nature. Its sphere is in the world of human consciousness, and its phenomena are found m the quiokening of spiritual Ufe and in the transforming of human character The resurrection is not a myth or mere legend nor a symbol or mere representation, but it is an historic fact, and a forceful redemptive energy, with its own special phenomena visible enough and not otherwise to bà accounted for. Moreover, the resurrection has a message for all the world In every age and therefore, for this age and for this oountry for me, for you, for all. It gave the first witnesses a gospel which they were to preaoh in all the world to every oreature, and wherever that Gospel was reoeived,into human hearts and lives it became " the power of God unto salva- * tlon," whether to Jew or Gentile. Dr. Maclaren has said, " If I trust Him and hold firmly to Him, my union is so real that His fulness passes over to my emptiness, His righteousness to my sinfulness, His life to my death, as surely as the electrio shook thrills my nerves when I grasp the poles of a battery." Apart from this energy of graoe and glory, we live but the animal Ufe, and our intelleotualism is but the oarnal mind, whioh terminates in death. The resurrection tells us of the spiritual life, of a realm above and beyond the mere bodily sensations, of a world where the limitation is not one of inohes and hours and ounces, where character is the only worth, where love is the only motive power, and where all will find unity and solidarity in Christ, This age needs to know afresh the ethioal value of the resurrection. The Churoh needs to renew /its oonsoipusness of it as preparatory to another Penteoost. The preacher needs, to proclaim it as the one thing lie can speak of In glowing terms, and with an enthusiasm of the Holy Ghost; and the weary, sinning, perishing world needs to hear of it and to believe in it if it is eyer to he saved by hope. We are charged with talking much of another world and negleoting this. It is not so. Resurrection is a faot with ethical possibilities for present day realisation, and to those who enter into its redeeming truth, heaven begins here and now. "Now are we the boos of God." Common life is redeemed from vulgar tone, and baptised in a river of power. Common people become saints, with the hale of hope crowning their otherwise prosaio lives. Common woik and duty become in some sense not only service but worship, wherein it is done as unto God and not merely for eye service befoie men. The artist who directed his genius to perfecting in marble the tresses of an angel, whioh was to be so placed that mortals would not appieoiate his toil exultantly exclained, "But the Gods will see it," ana thereby illustrated the culture and consecra- tion of those who live for eternity, and whose highest joy will be to have earned the " Well done'* of the risen and victorious Qhn'sK The message of the resurrection for these, times ia a Gospel of redeeming power and grape, and by,its acceptance alone con God redeem., 1\. From the defeats of religious Ufe jn the Church - as apostles were saved from cowardice, from orudoness, from incomplete- ness of purpose and aim. Let any one mark the difference between (ham before and after the resurrection, and thus see the~obange which will come upon the Churoh as it more oleariy and nearly identifies itself with the risen Lord. 2\. From the selfish individualism which sac«, fices the community to its own aggrandise- ment, and refuses to regard itself M the servant of the Church or the age, At Pente- cost tho spirit of true sooialism was evoked, the socialism of brotherhood, and spontaneous benevolence. 8. From the false sooiaUsra whioh demands the goods of others and lives by deolamation and destruotiveness. Christian socialism admitted the right of Ananias m his own property, but punished his hypocrisy of pretended benevolenoe. Christian sooialism is oonstruotive and disciplinary and devout. i. From the gross materialism of the time, whioh regards the world of sense as the only world, and life as consisting in the abundance of things possessed, and man as a obemioalcom pound, whose life evaporates with the redistri- bution of the gases of whiohhis body is composed. 6\. From the sadness of a gloomy pessimism, whioh cannot approve of the world« » » and cannot hope for a better. Having put out the eyes of faith, it has no soul vision, camms look up, and regards extinction as the highest good possible. The resurreotion offers hope oj something better. 6. From the inertia ana ennui which are increasing in the «rees where wealth abounds and fashion rules. Behevers in God- and in eternal life are le? to consecrate themselves and their education, &c;, to the service of God, which is the salvation of man. The risen Christ says, "Go, preaoh, teach, heal"-hence missions in India, China, Africa, *»}», and toilers in Sunday schools, and aUJ"*161111» tive ministries among ourselves. 7. fr0,JL*7 mere polioy at the sacrifice of principle ; fTrn all low selfish ideas of suooess in life. £»» resurreotion truth quiokens conscience, ennooies duty, and rewards loyalty to pnnojpie. ». From all low, little, limited views °f We"T personality. The resurreotion enlarges our outlook, emanoipates us from routine, remove» variety and frivolity and cultures by veneration for all that is of God, and will affect eternal issues. In a word, the «Ben Christ sends; ine Holy Spirit of quickening, of benevolence, 01 righteousness, of enthusiasm, the oBsptmsw faith, hope, and love, into this otherwise poor, paltry, perishing world. Oh, let us each for himself pray " That I may know Bim and the power of His resurrection." Oh, let me know The power of Thy resurrection! - Oh, let mo show . Thy risen life in clear reflection 1 Oh, let me soon jT,, before 1 Where Thou my Saviour Christ art gone w10" In mind and heart, . Let me dwell always only where Thoa are. ST. JOHN'S PBO-OATHEDBAL. The Easter festival was kept with doe honour and solemnity at the *T-wT££Z The first service of the festival vm«M"; day evening, when Evensong was »aid, ana n South Sea Wandera were admitted by bapusm into the Church. On Easter Day there wer early celebrations of tim holy commun ion » 6? 7, and 8 a.m.. which were very JargeU attended. Matins was-sung at 11 »;fflV¡ch lowed by the high jcelebration.- ft*». Stainer's beautiful servi^ J» B flat «as ao^ rably rendered by the chpnyMr. Seymour M»« Sí 3 , and in the.cowse of. his sermon he íuúded to the presentjabour troubles 03 a vost Uno which only the power of the S? Christ could7 roll away from the door of national honour-and national security. I largely attended children's.service was con- duced by the Bishop in the afternoon, and at 7 SO P.m. ehorol evensong was excellently »ndered. cThe church was again crowded to 'to doora, and the vicar preached a second «me basing his remarks on 1 Cor. xv., 17. This'brought the aervices of the day to a close. The sacred edifice was very tastefully decorated i,v members of the congregation, special atten- tion being paid to the chancel and sanctuary. The altar itself, with its white hangings and frontal and its vases of choicest white flowers, sDoke to all of viotory and life, its appearanoe being in striking contrast.to the blaok hangings of Good Friday, which bore their testimony to the Saviour's death. - The offerings throughout the day were devoted to the proposed Church Institute, and amounted to £60. ALL SAINTS. The services in holy week at All Saints Church were fairly well attended, especially on Holy Thursday and Good Friday. Sir John Stainer's music to "The Crucifixion" was main carefully and reverently sung on the evening of Good Friday. The ohoruses were «ung steadily, though tho ohoir was small. The Rev. Manley Power and Mr. Taylor took the prinoipal solo parts, and Mr. Willmore's accompaniments left notning to be desired. On Easter Day the church was brightly fur- nished with many conspicuous decorations, in spite of the scaroity of flowers. The altor was adorned entirely with white flowers-roses, dahlias, and a few choice specimens of euohans. Two double triangles of dahlias on the white altar side panels were very effective. The cross surmounting the font was most artistically wreathed with stephanotis and hoya. Another pare-white cross of zinnias, placed in front of the handsome eagle lectern, showed out well. The window-sills and side walls were filled with Easter texts, the work of Mr. E. C. Timbury and Mr. H. Knapp, and tho three- fold "Alleluia," in gold letters, shone out on the sanctuary steps. Several other beautiful decorations were sent by kind friends, and tho churoh never looked better in its Easter festal array, which-waa evidently the work of skilful and willing nanda. There were three celebra- tions of the, holy communion, and all were well' attended: tho number of communicants exceeded 270. The music at the high celebration was Stainei's well-known service in P, with whioh the con- gregation are now well acquainted. The offertoire was an anthem of Barnhy's-" Break forth with joy." The Rev. A. E. David, examining chaplain to the Bishop of Brisbane, preached a thoughtful sermon on tho doctrine of the resurrection and a future life, as the ful- filment of the instinctive intuitions and long- ings of pre-Christian times. Tho text was Zecbariah ix., 12, "Prisoners of hope." A children's service at 3 p.m. was conducted by the rector, who talked to the children fron 1st Corinthians xv., 88, " To every seed its own body." At evensong, when the ohuioh was thronged, the canticles were sung to a very fine setting by Dr. E. J. Hopkins, of the Temple Church, London, which the choir evidently sang with pleasure. The anthem was a selection of four short Easter numbers from "The Messiah" (quartette and chorus);' the Bola, " The trumpet shall sound," sung by1 Mr. Taylor very clearly and faithfully, including the second part, whioh is too seldom heard; and concluding with the chorus, " Worthy is the Lamb," which was steadily sung. Mr. Will- more's accompaniments at the choral celebra- tion, and especially in the " Messiah" anthem, must have been appreciated by all true lovers of music. All Saints' choir owe much to their organist, and they and the congregation are to be congratulated on the careful singing of their Caster music this year. The Rev. C. G. Robin- son preaohed a short sermon at evensong from Matt, xxviii. 3, on the connection between the cross and the resurrection as set forth in the Bible and exemplified in the Church and in the individual Christian lifo. The offertories were, as usual, an Easter offering to the rector. ST. ANDREW'S. St. Andrew's Church, South Brisbane, was very tastefully decorated for the Easter Sunday celebrations by ohoico flowers and green foliage. The decorations, whioh were most elaborate, were chiefly confined to tho chancel, font, pulpit, and lectern. There were threo celebrations of holy communion, at 7, 8, and a quarter past 12 o'clock. ïhere wore also a prayer and morning service by the rector'at 11 o'clock. The Rev. Mr. Hunt preached¿,very able sermon from Romans i., 4. The services were fully choral. The "To Deum"- and " Benedictus," to asetting by Winchester, were well rendered, as was the anthem " This is the day," by Cooke. A children's service was held at half-past 3 o'olook, and at half-past 7 in the evening there was another service and sermon. The theme chosen for the even- ing Bermon was "Evidences of the Resurrec- tion." This sermon was highly instructive,' and waa listened to throughout with rapt attention. The music in the evening included tho "Magnificat" and"Nuno Dimittis," by Win- chester, and Dr. Stainer's beautiful anthem, "They have taken away my Lord." Tho asual Easter hymns wera sung throughout the day. Tho congregations were large and appre- ciative. TRINITY CHURCH. The Rev. J. Spooner, incumbent of Trinity Church, Valley, occupied the pulpit in that place of worship yesterday, and preaohed special sermons appropriate to the season of the year to large congregations. The church was tastefully decorated with flowers and greenery, wreaths of which were placed around the pulpit and reading desk. In the morning the rev. gentleman baaed his remarks on Galatians "«.1.1, 2, and 3, "If yo then be risen with tnnst seek these things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the right hand of God. bet your affections on things above, not on things on (he earth. For ye aro dead and your life is hid with Christ in God." In the course °'hlaremarks he said that all true Christians Bbould set their affections on holiness, love, peace, and truth, and so follow in the steps of tne Lord Jesna Christ. While the offertory was being made the ohoir sang, " Jesus who died and rose again." CHRIST CHURCH, MILTON. The Easter services at Christchurch, Milton, were very largely attended, and at the morning wa evening services the seating accommoda- tion was taxed to the utmost, a fact which must have been most gratifying to the new rector_the Rev. j. p. Leighton-who it will ne remembered took charge of the parish in hîw?i "ï lasî- The floral decorations could uaroiy be said to have compared with those of of I?53 y?ars-Probably owing to the scarcity Au8 ^n- The obancel T«, however, wsterully decked with clusters of frangipanni, jessamine, roses arc, and the altar and pulpit of IS-. nefwith Pettily made floral crosses « white flowers. This is probably the wn hJ asum, on which ^e edifice 3» ¿eCOrttted' M a11 Preparations have been Puno ÀT* an,°ÜXei buildin8 for the twofold suTtL Snnday sch001 and churoh until bmU , " Üas arrangementa can be made to ten£TP ^îa?enÎ churoh- li '** expected that ÏÏS, ?fU> mvitea immediately for the thronch0,?í*í.he/ch001 church- The services a£A5tU£ da? w«e extremely bright, the ARA m? ^°-able «««»tfan of Miss Gilder, woriw'retn^rm^ material assistance. It is 2Ävoiees' haa oflate made « very Btth? *TPr°vement. The rector was assisted Martin TI £eH&üom *y *»m Revs. A. R. mornLand;, W' Leeke- The, sermons both LriS, £ !ye,n«S were preached by Mr. ffi ^' S"0*"* *w his text in the morning «i and 5hl" ' and *?the evenins \ °°r- XT-' ST. STEPHEN'S CATHEDRAL. '? of tb»^ission conaucRby the Rev.F.Hanly, bronlw81684*101101 St-'vincent de Paul, was decom* J° ^S86 Jesterday. The altar was aecorated with flowers. The drapery was rich, in white, crimson, and gold, tastefully and skilfully relieved with wreaths of white flowers. The rich lettering of the inscription, whioh was immediately over the high altar, had a fine appearance. It was a verse from the oxvii. Psalm, and was as follows :-" Haec est dies quam feoit Dominus, Alloluia, exultemus, et laclemur in ea. Alleluia." The vestments of the priests were of white, embroidered with gold. At all the masses there were large con- gregations. As some of the fruit of the mission it is estimated that nearly a thousand people received holy communion. . The first mass, at 7 a.m., was said by the Rev. Father» Fouhy ; the second, at half-past 8, by the Rev. Father Hanly: the other two, at half-past 9 and 11, .by the Rev. Father Cunali. At the 11 o'clock mass Father Fouhy delivered a powerful sermon on the gospel of the day. He compared the time just closed to that spent by soldiers after victory. All was joy and triumph, but there .was mingled with those delights a poignant sorrow for those of their brave comrades who fell with them in battle. So in the spiritual victory, whilst tho Church rejoiced over the Victory whioh her people had won over sin, and were resolved not to offend their Creator again, she still felt grieved over those who did not avail themselves of the great opportunities which the mission afforded them of being reconciled to their heavenly Father. Ho exerted all to oontinue in the path they commenced to walk in, and advised all young girls to become members of the Holy Family confraternity. The mission was closed last night, when " an eloquent and touching sermon was preached by Father Hanly, who advised the large congregation to practise the great means of constant prayer and frequenting the sacraments, and to avoid tho dangers of sin. As Father Hanly bade the congregation farewell many in the church were visibly affected. The Papal blessing was given, followed by the benediction of tlîo; blessed sacrament. The musical portion of the service was of an elaborate character. ST. PATRICK'S. The services at St. Patrick's Churoh, Forti- tude Valley, were of an impressive ohaiaoter, and very largely attended. The Rev. Father Morris celebrated the 7 o'clock mass, and Father Hegarty the masses at 9 and 11 o'olook. There were a large number of communicants at the early masses. In the forenoon mass Father Morris preached an able sermon on the resur- rection. The musical portion of the service was very effeotively carried out. Lambrillotes' "Regina Coli" (duet and chorus) was excel- lently rendered by Mrs. Dunne and Miss Cahill, assisted by the ohoir. Haydn's No. 1 " Kyrie" and " Gloria" were also sung with precision. Weber's "Agnus Dei" was well sung by Miss Caliill, the " Dona Nobis" being taken up by Miss Gaffney. The vespers were also well attended. Mrs. Maginnis presided at the organ. HOLY CROSS. At Holy Cross the services were of a very impressive nature. At the first mass at 8.30 the churoh was filled to overflowing, and a very large number of people received holy com- munion. The second mass, at 10.30, was also largely attended, when Butler's Mass in D was very efficiently rendered by the ohoir, as also was Webbe's beautiful Easter hymn, " Regina Cooli," at the offertory. The Rev. P. Fouhy officiated, and at the second mass gave a short but eloquent discourse on the gospel of the day. The altar was very tastefully decorated by the sisters from the retreat. Mrs. Dunlop presided at the organ, u , ,. r LEICHHARDT'STRBET PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHUROH. There was "a fair attendance at the morning service, and the usual Easter hymns were sung. Tho preacher (the Rev. W. Smith) took for his text, Phil, iii., 10, "That I may know Him and the power of His resurrection." To know the Christ was the highest attainment of the human intellect and heart, said tho preacher. This knowledge transcended all other forms of knowledge. To attain it was worthy of any sacrifice. Such was the estimate of St. Paul. " Yea, doubtless, I oount all things but loss for the excellency of tho knowledgo of Christ Jesus, my Lord, for whom I have suffered the loss of all things." Such was the estimate of a man well ad- vanced in years, and one of the brightest intellects the world had seen. As years advanced with Paul there was an ever deepening desire to exploto more and moro the vast territories of Christ's wonderful per- sonality, to enter more intimately into fellow- ship with His spirit, to realise in himsolf the mighty power of His resurrection. A twofold desire was expressed in the text. First, thera was a desfre^Jor a personal knowledgo of the perçpjoaLrSaviour, "That I may know him ; " "andjjgere was an expressed desire to know, and tha^ancreasingly, the power of a great moral force-"and the power of His resurrection." It was the latter to which the preacher desired more particularly to call the attention of his hearers. It must bo observed that St. Paul desired to know the power of a glorious faot. Writing at a distance of twenty-nineyearsfrom thecrucifixion, Paulre garded the resurreotion, not as a sublimo myth or a splondid hallucination, or a pious fraud, but as a veritable historal fact. Indeed, this was the fact that had brought him over to the, side of Christianity, that had converted Saul tho Pharisee, Saul the Persecutor, into Paul the Christian Apostle, and champion of tho faith he once lived to destroy. The world would never have heard of "Paul, the sorvant of Jesus Christ," had it not been for the fact of the resurrection. On the road to Damascus he had mot the risen Saviour, and felt the power of His rising again, and now he desired to know more and more the all-conquering power of that great faot of history. Thero was no fact of history so widely influential and poweiful as the resurrection of Jesus. It threw a strong light on man's past, piesent, and future. It had also a wonderful bearing on Christ's character, teaohing, and work. It declared Him to be the Son of God with power. Hero was the seoret of the influence of Jesus on the ages. He was not a dead Christ, but a living present power, operating in the world, dwelling in receptive hearts, and steadily, in spite of ten thousand oppositions, subduing all things unto Himself. He was the mightiest moral force in time, because he was tho risen Saviour. The resurrection of Jesus was calcu- lated to inspire faith, assurance, hope. It was a mighty regenerating force. God had begotten us again by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead. The one groat desire of Paul was that he might know the power of His resurrection-that the life whioh it represented might flow into him. He sought a daily fellowship with the Risen One. He could say, " I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Christ was in him as tho power of a new life. And it was to this vital relation with Christ that modern Christians must be called. The Church had apostatised from the spirit of Christ. She must come back. She must be revitalised with Christ's own life. She must prove to the world by her own intense vitality that the Christ still lives. Oh ! that God would hasten a moving among the dry bones in our churches 1 May the resurrected Christ come Himself and breathe on them that they may live by the power of His resurrection 1 An expedition has been sent to explore the famous "Death Valley" of Colorado. The heat and drought are so great in the valley that it is said a dead animal dries up without decomposing. Water is unknown there ond will have to be carried on mules. One party is making for it from Southern Nevada, another from Southern. California, and they will meet | at a rendezvous in the valley. The expedition is commanded by Professor Merriam, and it wal survey the district, as well as collect animal and vegetable specimens. Gold is be ¡ lieved to exist in it, and there is a 'story of a miner having" penetrated the valley and found the skeleton of another miner, with a wooden pail containing a large nugget lying near. On returning to California with the gold the miner was tortured by his comrades to make him confess where he had found it.-Standard. Some folks are bo sharp that they will cut yon if you neglect your looks. Bestore your faded hair to its youthful colour and brightness with Mrs. S. A. Al'en'B World's Hair Restorer.- I [Advt.] " > 