A THANKSGIVING PIG. Olive stood at the kitchen table getting Thanksgiving dinner under way, while Lolly handed her things from the closet, humming meanwhile in an undertone : Four and twenty blackbirds Bakin' in a pie. The racing pell-mell overhead might have sounded like colts let loose, but for the girlish shouts and laughter. "Goodness, what a noise," Olive said, as Lolly handed her the box of summer savory. "Dan will be torn to pieces unless he turns upon them." "He said the letter I brought him was from his best girl, and they're tryin' to get it away from him," ex- plained Lolly. Olive was preparing her stuffing with keen housewifely instinct as to relative quantities of "seasons" required. The creature to be stuffed stood on all fours on the table. Not a common- place turkey, but a pink-nosed little pig, was to grace the occasion of her nephew Dan's unexpected return home after "sailing the seas over" seven years without a word to his relatives. "Won't piggy roast a lovely brown" Lolly said, as she watched the stuffing disappear. " Yes, Dan will have a Thanks- giving feast this year," assented Olive. The racket overhead increased. "If they could always keep heart-whole," Olive thought, with a little sigh. "But we get our growth through suffering, I suppose." A concealed regret, which had a fashion of working to the surface on festive occasions, was uppermost just now. But she was a blithe, cheery little woman, with a talent for batt- ling off dull thoughts; and so she laughed and said lightly: "Those girls make me think I am young again, Lolly." As she spoke her eye wandered across the brown meadow to the Ellen- wood homestead, and then beyond it to the white house on the hill among the larches, where Squire Ashton lived, whom her friends wondered she did not marry. What was she waiting for? She was 36 now, fair and comely in comparison with some of the faded married women around who had been her schoolmates, but it would not always be so fine to live alone on the old homestead as she had done since her father's death. Offers of marriage would not come to her door always, her own view of the matter had begun to coincide with that of her friends. Squire Ashton was a widower of 50, of kindly, noble nature, whom she liked cordially. He had wooed her two years, until now she was losing patience with her own indecision. Why was she hesitating? To be sure his presence never quickened her even pulses, but why should she expect the tumultuous expression of an earlier love? She had been on the border of say- ing "Yes" to his pleading at the very moment Dan's vigorous summons with the old-fashioned knocker on the front door had brought her out from the parlor in a hurry, to be caught in the arms of her roving nephew in a regular "sailor hug." "Wait until Thanksgiving," she had said to Squire Ashton, removing her decision a week ahead. Meantime, the six girls were chasing Dan round under the brown cobweb- hung rafters, he holding the letter aloft. "Catch him ! Head him off there!" they shouted. Presently Dan, big, brown and full of true sailor jollity, changed from defensive to .aggressive tactics. He set Bess on top of the spider-legged bureau in a bed of dust, tied Clara by the waist to a tall, four-posted bed stead with his handkerchief, and seized a pair of old quilting frames to defend himself against Sue and Kate. His free motions with the "belaying pins ' brought a swinging shelf of books to the floor, and "Robinson Crusoe," "Gulliver's Travels," "Paradise Lost" and other classics sprawled amid a heap of dog-eared schoolbooks in the dust. "I see a letter slipping out from 'Robinson Crusoe!' " Bess cried from perch. Sue picked it up and turned it over. "Why, it's addressed to Miss Olive Blossom, and it's never been opened!" she exclaimed. " It looks awful old and yellow." Dan examined it, then compared the handwriting with that on his own letter. "The same, or I'm a landlubber," he muttered. "Likely it's an old love-letter," Clara suggested from her bedpost. "And she never got it, just as hap- pens in storybooks," added Kate. "Let us put it under her dinner- plate." "No, no!" was Sue's veto. " Give it to me. I have an idea. Quick. She's coming up." "Oh, it was the bookcase. I thought some one was hurt," said Olive, enter- ing as Sue dashed out past her." Poor father! how he used to pore over these books," she continued, as she stooped to pick them up. "He had 'Paradise Lost' and 'Robinson Crusoe' by heart, I believe." "Did he over use them for letter boxes?" Bess called from the top of the bureau. "Hush !" said Kate, warningly. "What do you mean?" asked Olive, "Nothing," said Bess, as Sue came back with an unconscious face. She had been down in the kitchen pros- pecting around the pink-nosed pig, still on the table with stuffing incom- plete, while Lolly, out of sight in the back porch, kept humming— Four and twenty blackbirds Bakin' in a pie. "I must hurry down," said Olive. "Pick up the books, won't you, girls, and don't loosen the rafters?" she called back from the stairs, with a wholesome recollection of her own romping days. "What did you do with the letter?" they queried of Sue. "That's my business." "You might tell me," coaxed Dan. "You, after leading us such a chase after your letter." "There's nothing in it," said Dan, tossing it toward her. She pulled the letter out of the envolope and read: "Yours at hand. Thanks for infor- mation. Shall see you later.'' "No 'best girl' wrote that," said Bess. "It's from a man." "Not a duck nor a darling in it," added Sue in disgust; " but I'll tell you now what I did with the other letter, just the same," and she whis- pered in his ear. After freeing the captives, Dan went downstairs, three at a time, to the kitchen, the girls trooping after him as their lawful prey. There was a steam concert on the kitchen stove. Pudding, chicken, squash and cranberries, steaming, stewing, bubbling, " gurgling," with a harmony of sound truly inspiring. Lolly was heaping a glass dish with red and russet apples, Olive beating eggs and butter to a froth. "How is the pig?" inquired Bess. "Ready for a basting," returned Olive. "Let me do it." Sue, spoon in hand, had opened the oven door. "Oh, oh! how nice he is browning," they all exclaimed. "He looks fit for a marriage feast," Dan commented, with a sidelong glance at Olive. "Do you want to furnish a bride?" inquired Olive. "No, a bridegroom," rejoined Dan, concisely. "Squire Ashton is only waiting," Sue spoke up pertly. "Hush!" said Olive. "Sue, shut the oven door and let the pig sizzle to his heart's content," "I could furnish a better bridegroom than Squire Ashton," Dan said, meaningly, with his weather eye on Olive's face. "I wish you could head him off in some way," said Bess, inelegantly. "He wants to carry Aunt Olive to the house on the hill, and then good-bye to our fun." "I'm not in the white house on the hill yet," said Olive, shortly. "I'll bet you never will be," de- clared Dan, boldly. "Here's the summer, savory all turned out on the table," said Olive, unheeding his remark, as she set down her bowl of froth. "Lolly, what have you done with the box?" "Never touched it," said Lolly. Dan was regarding Olive with a mixture of admiration and affection. "I tell you what, girls, Aunt Olive is prettier than any of you," he said. "Squire Ashton thinks she is the pink of perfection," spoke up Sue. "Brother Squire Ashton!" Dan took a step towards Olive and kissed her cheek. "You were always my boy, weren't you, Dan?" Olive said fondly. "Always! You stood me in many a scrape," returned Dan. " Aunt Olive," he continued, "if a chum, a particular friend of mine, should happen along about dinner time, would you give him a welcome and a seat at the tabie ?" "Certainly I should," she returned, "Your friend would be mine, of course." Dan gave her a queer, searching look. "Oh, that's it ! The letter said, 'I'll see you later,' commented Clara. "I thought your letter was from your best girl," queried Olive, "From my best friend," Dan corrected." I want you to like him. He's a big-hearted fellow. Pulled me through a hard place when he was an utter stranger to me. We got to be chums afterwards." "Then he is welcome on his own account," said Olive. "I hope so,'' returned Dan. "Baste! It's time to baste!'' cried Sue as the oven-door swung open again. The girls were detailed to look after the parlor and dining- room fires and to set the table. They kept up a lively chatter, getting in each other's way continually, but what would Thanksgiving be worth without a pleasant hubbub all round? You should have seen the table about 3 o'clock, broad and inviting, dinner dishes with green turbaned groups under blue palm trees spread over the damask cloth, and blood-red beets, cranberry sauce and apples making dashes of color all over it. Potatoes, changed from pink to brown, stood on the platter, garnished, crisp, and toothsome. Dan's coming friend did not appear, though a place was set for him. But everything was done to a turn, and it was voted they should sit down. Dan attacked the four-footed dainty with carving tools, plates were passed round and filled, and dinner went on swimmingly. Olive felt uneasy. The moment of decision was drawing near. Her word once passed to Squire Ashton there could be no backing out. She wished she might remove the day still further. And yet if she was going to marry him, why delay? "A young porker is better than a turkey any day," said Dan unctu- ously. "Aunt Olive is in love," said Sue, as she passed her plate down to Dan to be refilled. "She isn't eating a mouthful. Dan, scoop out some stuffing that is nice and hot, please." "What in thunder is wedged in here?" exclaimed Dan, as he pro- ceeded to "scoop," and a small tin box fell from the porker upon the platter with a jingle. "The summer savory box,'' said Olive. "Whose trick was that? I might, have known—" "Please send the box up on my plate," interrupted Sue. Four and twenty boxes Baking in a pig, Bess chanted merrily. Sue wrenched the cover from the box and took out the letter she had hidden there. "Here's your love- letter, Aunt Olive,'' she said, passing it up to the head of the table. Four and twenty love-letters Browning in a porker. cried Clara. "We found it in Robinson Crusoe's clutches," explained Sue. With a puzzled face Olive slipped her knife through the browned envelope and took out the letter. They saw her face change as she glanced over it. This was the message that came to her from the past: Dear Olive,—Must the unkind words of last evening be our last ones? I am hot- tempered and you are proud, but if I could see you once again before I sail you might reverse your decision. If I may come this evening hang your red shawl from your chamber window as a signal. If I cannot part from you as a lover I shall never come back. Philip. The look in Olive's face as she read the message hushed the voluble tongues of the girls effectually. "A letter," she said to Dan with the ghost of a smile, "that I should have received ten years ago." "Perhaps it reached you in the nick of time after all," he suggested, cheerily. Olivo shook her head negatively. This was the word she had longed for after her quarrel witli Philip Ellen- wood long ago. She had been anxious to reverse her decision, but she was too proud to make tho first venture. She had thought bitterly he did not care, and now here was his letter giving the lie to her doubt. She recalled the long, lonely tramp she had taken to battle down her feel- ings the day before he sailed. A mes- senger must have brought the note in her absence, and her father had slipped it between the pages of Robinson Crusoe" and forgotten it. What a mockery it was now! In proportion as Olive became grave Dan grew hilarious, and with his eye on her face, told sea yarns in such happy style that the girls giggled till their sides ached. The November evening olosed in with a snow storm, and a lamp was brought before they got through with the nuts and raisins. "I wonder what keeps—'' Dan was beginning, when the knocker sounded. "There he is now," he finished. "No, it is Squire Ashton's knock," said Bess with conviction, as she rose to open the door and show the squire into the parlor. His arrival was a shock to Olive. The past had claimed her. The read- ing of the letter had made her heartsick. Dan watched her unquiet face with much satisfaction as she arose from the table. He followed her to the parlor door. "Don't you promise to marry Squire Ashton," he whispered insolently. "Mind, now, or you will be sorry." She looked puzzled. "Go on," said Dan, opening the parlor door for her," I can trust you." The squire stood before the open fire, holding out his hands to the blaze. He came towards her. "You will give me 'Yes' at last?" he said persuasively. She could not meet his eloquent, expectant eyes. A great pity for him and for herself came over her. The old love was yet alive. And yet why should she not hide in the shelter of this noble heart? Philip was far away—dead, perhaps. The old, over powering loneliness was sweeping over her. "If you will accept respect and esteem for love,'' she began in a trem- bled voice. The knocker sounded a double rap, quick and imperative. Dan had opened the door. His voice and another sounded in the hall way. Through the half-open door she could see Dan helping remove a snowy overcoat. His friend had come. Had Lolly kept the dinner hot? But the hospitable thought took sudden flight as she saw who it was that Dan was ushering in. Philip was before her, browned, matured, with the same imperious manner as of old, the same dear, flashing eyes. "Miss Blossom, my chum, Mr. Ellenwood," said Dan in high good humor. Their hands met; their eyes read each other's hearts, as they stood in the firelight glow. Squire Ashton extended his, hand. "So you have come back to us, Philip," he said, with a brave smile covering the pain in his heart. He had seen in Olive's face the reason why he had failed to win her. "Yes, homesickness got the upper hand of me at last," returned Philip, cheerily. Olive followed the squire into the hallway. "I am very sorry," she began. "And I am glad for you," he said, hastily. "I hope you will be very happy," and he gave her a brave, warm hand grasp. You may guess how they all gathered round the table again, while Philip ate his dinner. The finding of the letter was recounted, and Dan confessed that he and Philip had talked the matter all over before, and that he had been "prospecting" and reporting accordingly. 