"The President of the republic of Costa Rica decrees that he has ap pointed Lieut.-Colonel E. W. Moon, now acting as Consul-General in Aus tralia, to the head-quarters staff in the regular army with the same rank as now held by him."-Melbourne Tele graph. What a lot of peculiar memories this brings back to us ? We remember the 1888 Exhibitioh ini Melbourne, and how the "Consul- General for Costa Rica" was ." grossly insulted'(3)." This is how it happened. The Press room there was occupied by some very choice spirits-real Bohemian press meni who were jolly and reckless and clever. One of them was S: J. Rea, who has scored considerable notoriety through the London Central News Agency. Well, "Lieutenant-Colonel Moon" used to hob-nob. witlh the pressman whenever he got a show, and a great portion of his time--so we are told-was taken up by persuading his friends that there was really such a place as Costa Rica. Up to the per sistent representations of Mr. Moon, the general opinion, was that Costa Rica was only another name for Guam \--the mythical port memorised by sailors. In every harum-scarum bit of devilry Rea was at the head, from climbing a lamp-post and talking Span ish to taking 'liberties with the .high and mighty representatives of powerful nations assembled in Melbourne at the time. It atlast became a regular thing for the Consul-General of the noble repub lic of Costa Rica to put up his consular robes at the Press room, and, on. one evening-when we sadly fear the wine was in and the wit out-a fearful thing happened. Rea espied the robes of office, and in a few minutes a dia hebolical plot to upset the peace of mind of even such a luminary specimen as the Moon was hatched and carried into effect. Whein the crowd was at its largest, a strange procession moved down the Avenue of Nations to the admiration of the assembled people, who regarded with looks of envy the gorgeous uniform being borne along on the broad shoulders of a distinguished visitor. The' procession was a success, but the wrath of Mr. Moon was fearful and wonderful. The journalists, who had made sport in this way with the uniform of a friendly nation laughed heartily over the incident, and the adventure was forgotten until Rea received a letter from a firm of solicitors-D)avies and Campbell, we think--to the effect that he had grossly insulted the flagt of the republic of Costa Rica, and they had been instructed underthelaw of nations to demand a full and ample apology or reparation for the breach, which a1 would be regarded with serious eyes Se by the assembled forces of the mys= terious country. Visions of fleets sailing over the waters .to batter Marvellous Melbourne down in the o: attempt to secure the body of the un- el happy Rea presented themselves; but al he laughed with his fellows on the n Herald staff, and a few days afterwards ti was on his way to England. Before hi he went, however, he drew up a letter tl (with assistance) which he said would ii be the reply to the solicitors, and w which informed them that so far from h insulting the flag of the Costa Rica w Empire he had honoured it by wearing ir the consular robes, and here' ended C either apology or reparation. It is most persistently stated that A there is no intention on thd part of the ti Crown Law authorities to proceed with a; the prosecution of, the man Pounds foi v the alleged larceny of platinum which P did not exist. The case is costing a pretty penny already to the colony by b the . wrongful adjournments, and the si sooner the Crown makes up that slow il mind so characteristic of the Govern- n ment stroke the better for all concerned. t; p 0 The threatened libel action, in which c Mr S Nathan was suing the proprietors of the Herald for £10,000 damages has been settled. The terms are not stated, t but we believe they were a big lot in d favor of our contemporary, who had f about as good a case to face a court of P law with as could possibly be imagined. I However, the law of libel is a funny r thing, and an alteration is sadly needed. C WVe intend to have something to say ( about this shortly. .1 Madame Bernhardt's private secre-a tary has been getting himself into hot water. Part of his duty, it appears,F is to translate the different criticisms r which appears in the papers, and read them to her in the gloaming, or some such interesting time when Madame is t supposed to be going through the pro a cess of digesting her daily dlejuenler of frogs' extremities. This unhappy in- t dividual is generally able to manage E the Syidney papers, through the aid of I friendly critics, who help. him in his 1 translations, so that he generally has i a brief resume on his cuff, to which he may refer if badly stuck up. But 1 lately Sarah has demanded the criti cisms of the country papers, and his 1 task has become a burden to his.mind, I and a thorri in his side. The crisis came when some enterprising back 1 block's editor sent her a copy of his 1 "rag," in which was a two column 1 effision, and the unhappy secretary' 1 was sent for to put into understand 1 able French. The criticisms dealt with "Jeanne D'Arc," and the first snag he run across was "In this par ticular situation Sarah takes the cake." The secretary turned pale, but man fully proceeded. ' " He say you prenez le cadeau," he remarked: " Prenzle .e cadeau," remarked Sarahi, interroga tively. "Vat vaz zat ? ' Take ze cake. I do not take some cakei in zat part, vous avez tout mom ami. Try him again." "Butzisman'zay'so, Madame," was the reply. " Ah! scelerat," said Sarah. "Read more. You not know ze language." The poor secretary made another attack, and finally came to this sentence, "The last act was a regular corrobberee budgeree, with Sarah as chief gin." He paused for a moment in despair, and then translated it rapidly as Le quatre 'act etait un bal masque avec gin pozu Madame Sarah (The fourth act was a masked ball, with gin for Sarah). This drove La Bernhardt to a state of exasperation, and she ex claimed, "A/i! fious fou gin ? I nevaire drink zee gin, sacre ass ! bal masque in 'Jeanne d'Arc.' You are-you are vat you call him ? mad. Bring me O'Connaire-any bodice-but get out zide my vizion, or I kill you." He fled, I and now there is an opening for a new secretary. We are told by an English paper that "the Australian station is a. pleasant one, as all know who haitelieen fortunate enough to be on it." Don't we know also how our popinjays hold Australian naval and military billets as handsome tit bits for their friends, but this is being deservedly jumped on,, and one of the first signs is that a Victorian is now in charge of the artillery. By-the-bye, when Major Daniels reaches England he can settle up with Colonel Walker, who it was to blame for the alteration . in the gun practice whicih caused ,the-. Queenscliff explosion. News comes of a plague of locusts in Algeria. Strong, well-bred locusts those must have been who not so long ago " stuck up" railway ;trains in various portions of Australia. The plague in Algeria is .palpably- on the same lines as the dne ve suffgred from, but of more selious magnitude, as the stench from the dead niillions of insects , is causing typhoid, and hundreds oft miles of property are laid bare, devas tated of every bit Cof growth by the plague. Australia has had quite enough of the locusts for a spell, and is quite content to let Algeria have a turn. Such is fame! A recent numnber of. the Pall Mall Budget devote" a good deal of space to a description of "the father of the. Australian stage," who is put down as the Hon. George' Cojin , i\LP. Active George Coppin has not reached the last scene in a strange eventful history yet, we are gladto say. Qur contemporary also tells us that Mr. .Frank Stuart was the nominee of , the Australiani Natives' Association. As a niatter of fact the Australian Natives' Association absolutely refuses to take part in elections, and Mr. Coppin ddJ not owe his defeat to that: There are wheels within wheels in all things. Some surprise has been created among the commercial portipon of the Victorian community over the fact that the Law of Evidence Bill, providing for shorthandwriting in the Law Courts, . lpassed twelve months ago, has not yet' been permitted to take effect., jWhether ; the delay in the adoption of regulations and the appointment of a Board of ExaIminers is due to the fact~thatjudges" associates in.some cases are related .to 3 powers that be is not known.. These gentlemen,' whose positions .are at ,10 Stimes enviable, obtain at present Is. a Sfolio:for copies of the judge's notes, and this " perlk "makes a handsome addition I to their salary. It is stated that unless ,the Bill is allowed to take effect soon, a Slittle fuss will be mide in Parliainent t about the unnecessary delay. : "'This is from last Friday s Argus:- Ca.x-- Catherine, the beloved wife of. -Daniel Clay, 29 Mlichael street, North Fitzroy, passed peateftlly aaway to the e spirit land of which she has had so many glimpses, and with whose denizens she has seen and talked so much for twenty years past. Aged 64 years." " "With whose denizens she has seen n and talked so nmuch" is very good. The burial.service in this case should d run, "Oh, earth, take back thy clay." e :s One of the most familiar figuires at the a Law Courts in Melbourne recently is h that of the Hon. 'John Nimmo, who c wanders round the corridors, a ghost of d his former self. The old man has -s suffered terribly for his childish folly in :e the conduct of the Premier Permanent .e Building Society, and the puhiishment a has been most severe. Some strange It infatuiation holds the member for Emerald c- Hill to the scenes where his one-time :e high and reputable name was dragged n in the mire, and his good intentions were \- made the butt of sharp and cruel asper Le sions. If looks betoken anything, then t- John Nimmo is looking for all that pride ci, and honour he has lost. 