THEATEE KOYAL. 'The Bells of Haslemere/J a melodrama in four acts, by Messrs. Pettot and Grundy, was pro duced at this house, for the first time in Sydney, on Satutday night. The curtain rose to a comfortably-tilled house, precisely at 8 o'clock, and disclosed «ne of Brun ton's best pieces of ecenic painting. viz., under thG elme of Haslemere. Heie merry making by the village lads and lasses and the tenantry of Qaslemere ;is being -carried on in honor of the young squire, Frank Berestord, who has attained his majority. Young Seresford loves Evelyn, sister of the village miller, Matthew Brookfield, the latter being betrothed to the village schoolmistress, Mary Northoote. Beubea Armstrong, the village blacksmith, and his dainty little sweetheart, Dorothy Tremble, are fenemost characters in the caste, but; their loves, unlike the other two couples, ran smooth, and their marriage soon takes place. OneSilkstone is the villain of the piece. Having cheated Beresford out of bis estate, he seeks to rob Lim of his sweetheart, Evelyn, but the steadfast love of the gentle girl lor the young squire rueists the repeated temptings and attacks of the: villain. Silkstone comes to a bad end, as do his brother scoundrels, and the play ends well for virtue and bad for vice. The cast of characters, which is a strong one, includes : Miss Kate Bishop, Miss Blanche lie«ris, Mrs Bland Holt, Miss May Vivian, Mr. Walter Howe, Mr. Albert Norman, Mr, W. B. Baker, Mr. Augustus Glover, and Miss Maggie Knight. The scenery by Brunton and Gordon is tsxctil lent, and the general staging commendable. At Her Majesty's ' The Corsican Brothers ' entered *n its third week last Saturday night, and was witnessed by a good house. TJu» ghost scenes were presented ?with as complete suc«iss as ever, and the same remark applies to the duel be tween Fabien dei Franeki and Chateau Benaudl' Mr. George Eignold's acting all through this final scene is very effective as the avenging brother of Louis dei 'Franchi, and Mr- Jewett as Chateau Benaud gives him most valuable eupport. The Vaudeville Specialty Co., at the Bchool of Arts, has entered upon its 21st week, and is still substantially supported. Mr. Dan Tracey's catering is admired by the public, and deservedly so. On Saturday Miss Pearl Akarmau, a little American sang and dance lady, very nimble on the feet, made her first appearance, as also did Mr. W. Akarman, the well-known American minstrel, and Mr. Tom Sadler, a London comique, each meeting with warm approval, while a hearty reception was given fro 'Mr. Lionel Lambert^ who made his reappearance. All the other artistes were also accerded good receptions. The programme, which was very lengthy, ran with unusual emsothness to the satisfaction of audience tmd management. Bondi. — It was not as early as usual that the crowds made their way to B«ndt yesterday, but when they did arrive there appeared to- be no end of them. The late trams were crowded.. . An excellent entertainment, in the form of a classical concert, was given as usual in the aqugrium. A Tyrolean zither trio made their first appearance, and received hearty applause. Miss Amy Biackie, Miss Bay Cowan, Messrs. Johnny Cowan, J. S. Porter, and Harry Sinclair (musical director), were also the recipients of abundant applause. The phonograph appeared to be very popular, and was listened to by -a large number svf the visitors. The Ax&ahbba.; — Another of those grand f re? sacred and classical concerts was given under the direction of Mr. Frank Smith, at the Aihambra Muac Eall, on Sunday evening, when the seating capacity cf tho building was taxad to the utmost. The programme, which was carefully carried cut, was a well-selected cne, and compared favor ably with its predecessors. Among - those ?who contributed some excellent ballads were Misses Herbert, Melville, Octavia, Bawsnn, Messrs. Ryan, Downes, King, jPoussardj and Johnston. Miss Nellie Arline, the popular banjoiste, was loudly applauded for hor cleverly executed solos, and the orchestra under 3£r. Lockhead'e leadership, discoursed eeverftl choice selections in a manner which reflected ? credit upon their conductor. 