¡.?-. - I liLllES CHKISTMAS EVE WITH THB ; BT .LISA Bo-centum. ?.. j IT-ir RR Die afternoon of 1 lie 24(1) December. lOntHi'de, a dreary winter day, with leaden sky, snow covered earth, and a melancholy wind sighing among the leafless branches. Inside, a long, cold schoolroom, with eight large win. dows on one ni,le, looking into a garden.covered with snow : a hare and desolate looking apart ment, male still more so hy-flie tiny, white-faced figure, huddled up by the side, of a ¿re .uot,¡ I quarter .big enough-to warm sucha room. And' , yet, when ;filled with .pupils at their respective ' tasks, all busy and cheerful, preparing their . lessons, one would have admired its, noble jprov^ j - portions, and said how well ventilated, aùdjconvi. , modious it wits, and what lucky girls/ the5 pupils j ; wore who could study amid such surroundings. H j .??) ? .. One lonely child titting by the fire." i Bat on this day, almost th a eye of Christina! ! . with that one lonely child Bitting hy the fire, a I one co aid thi-uk, about,, was its, loneliness; un ; desolation.,., ..: r , ., , .' ,,,Elfio Graham, the little girl sitting BO diacoi ' solately there, had been for nearly' ft'year a pup at this Behool. ... i . .''-..Jr.; I ' She had arrived ono cold January day, and.th j ioy, atmosphère had.,seemed to numb-her .heat I - BO that it liad never'been wami since. . 11 ' I ..Elfie had come from a home where,; for'Sevo I. years, she had known nothing but sunshine,: an I' all the : comforting surroundings -of . a . devote . ; mother's love. , i E ver since her babyhood; Elfie r.nd her ¡motile i had boen all in all to each other; they' wer ' together all day-from early morning, when Elfi \- would ruu about among the Howers in tho gardei .i.by mother's side; through, tho uiidrday, hours b .tho sparkling summer aea, until the' dusk o ' evening, when Ellie would fall asleep with mathe crooning some old ballad, or telling over aga.: some woll- kuowu fairy tale. Even'in the night . Ellie H little baud would often lind its way int mother's, as she lay in her cot by the side o mother's bed. When Elfie was a little more than seven yean .' old, her mother was compelled to leave Euglaui : ? for a time, and go a long journey to Teheran, ii Persia.. Tho whole future of. Elfie and hersel depended on her taking this journey; and asi: is a yerydiflioult and wearisome one at the bes of times : she wau compelled to leave Elfie balline " her. : "Ouly for a time, my darling ; a9 short a timi as possible," she said, holding iillle to her in pas ? siouato embruoo. ?Tho parting between Elfie aud her mother was too »ad erou to think about ; and then Ellie weill to pass the time'of her mother's absence in this highly recommended, and in every way superior, school, whoro thora were , about'a huudred girls of all ages from ten to eighteen. .. Elfie was younger than any who had before ] been admitted into it, but by tho influonco of Boino.frieuds of her fatliorVi (who had died when she was a few weeks old) had been brought to beacon, the Principal, and this, with liberal terms, had prooured for Ellie her entrance into the school.' Poor Elfie was not a favourite with anyone. None of the governesses, from the austere head down to. the, most f"i*¡Qln.'iftn.TiHr-* 1 -'-"T1 - - ^tofflÍBé~Br.f.tt. "P^B,î^^}»aB9^^S!g!BU"' .fkrasesBedf'is Miss KWúñkl^^n^7~tiny~srntetá ¿tteadmistress, used io say, " Ari average intelli gence." But she wes always in disgrace : lesBons Sadly learnt, sums wrong. Ellie was not a greater favourite with her fellow pupils than with her governesses. . The frivolous ones hated her for her quiet ways, ber pretty clothes, and for her grave face and wondering eyeB, when in playtime they talked their common-place sohool-girl chatter. Elfie belonged to a different world to the one in whioh they existed ; and among these good natured but utterly material creations, she was like a beiug who had strayed into some unfamiliar country, BO that her daily life was one irksome round iu which the hours of play were more hateful than those of work. She used to wander about the gardens like a I little ghost. At last she tried to make , friends with the birds. Every morning she saved some bread from her breakfast to give them when the hour for recreation oame, and all the pupils were sent out into the garden ; but she got a bad cold lingering there in the damp cine wet day, so her going out waa prohibited, aud she had to amuse herself indoors during play-time as' beat she could. Mrs. Graham having no friends in England, Elfie's holidays had to spent at soliool. . The Bummer ones wore not so bad : she had the big beautiful garden all to herself, and used to sit for hours under a fine old cedar, and long for mother to be beside her; ehe longed, too, for some of her books of fairy stories which Miss Jemima had sternly confiscated when her boxes were firBt unpacked. Now the winter had brought the Ohristmas holidays, and Elfie's thoughts went baok over the past long dreadful year as she sat alone by the' fire., Not a sound.was to be heard in the big . silent house. The servants were all in the warm comfortable kitchens below, enjoying Christmas fare, and preparing for greater festivity, on the morrow, as Hiss Jemima's departure .had caused a relaxation of the reins of discipline . not muoh appreciated there. Elfie's solitary dinner was long ago over, and she sat in the gathering dusk,gloomy and sad, wishing tho good fairies would bring mother to her, or take her somewhere where mother was, she ,. did not care which ; only to feel herself in mother's arms again; She was. feeling more miserable and lonely than she had, ever,, doue before, when, , some impulse urged her to go and look out of one , of tho windows, ' . " S'Jie dor? taktno Elfin'' àT** <)l ''<« <««*'<.' ? ,' Running about in-the snow,. she,saw .a pretty little blade dog. - Ho liad ,a bead Hité a tiny fox, ' ? anfl his tail curled'up over litn back in the most '-delightful fashion'; '??' Iii» eyes ['wera tue! softest,' kindest-looking dog's ; eyes-.that Elfie.¡«ad over seen. Ho had a red collar.,round, his meek, to . which .three little, tinkling silver bojls were. ^^Btíted^-lTo ran to and fro-, not as ifJho wore ' 1 mi!i^^^~r--*~-*il»»«-,ul.'f l>o weife looking fi .l>6r>eybrinS ;' that it' !triea*à^tHWa*S _r 'in^j.tn'g¿in tho, intelligence i^80Óka.! ..: ^ ' . . -...¡Itíoñéd.'Jfcbey said, on ovoi almoat took bet breath away for a moment, bul the little dog began to danoa,«tttnnd ber, and to kitt her hands aàd fact.-and to'«how «omach pleasure in receiving the awtaea Eiße waa only too rea riv lo bestow on him, that lillie forgot all about tho cold ; her heurt seeded warm for the first time since she had been encircled hy mother's arms. Presently, the little dog seemed to be asking her to cuinu away with him. Elfie was quite willing, KO they ran through the garden, and out at. a little gate used only by the .gardeners jit., their work. " .'?They crossed,two fields,.,when..the^.little dogi . (who had all the time keptjj'ust jnirgnt pf Elfie), stopped at the door of au 'old' tool house, and, "began to bark and scratch aB1 if he:waritod t'p'be ' let in. i Tho door :immediately::waa opened1 fromï tho Inside, by, rabeen, hançb?,,and ¿the, dog,i.takiug , Elfie's dress in his teeth, pulled her iu with him. \- "The branches of a tree winehead been put down, were thrown'in"orié'córiíer. 1 EIÛë"'séated: herself on one of them, and the little dog-'j umped 'into her lap. . ~ -iiii .v ," Oh, you darling,'; said Elfie, you do loye me. ; a .little, don't you ? ' Well,' you 'stay' 'with fae ' always; you can sleep in my bed all niglit,'and I will . bring yon food, and whenIamdoing.uiyle8soris! I will make you a ¡pyely. warm neat iu my. big.fur ? rug, and we will iieyerpart^gaiçi." .. . .. t. The little dog kissed'bet' haúd"aB if 'lie said, ' "Yes, please," to everthing,,and curled himself op in her lap inperfect content. . ;::<'.(!: ,,?'./ ¿¿.4 They had only sat thus for a fow moments,,: when Elfiefelt absträngesonaation ; -ber l)ardseat, became a eoft.'cosy "chariot,r'aud she was whirled iii lt through, the air at wonderful'speed. --Tho eeusatiou was a delightful one.: Afters, time the . I ohariot stopped^aud Ebie, .with the little, dog by I her, side, stepped out in,the middle.of a moro beautiful'garden than any Elfie had eyer seen before. In it waa growing'every flower-yon1 could wish for: lilies: of all kinda ; rosea; deep crimson and the palest .pink, big yello w ones, and . white, fragile darlings, that. seemed to be hiding among their dark green wavos. 'There ' were carnations of rosy hue, and big myrtle trees white with blossom. Hundreds .o£, other, flowers grew,, there whose names Elfie 'did not know, and all were in tho perfection, of beauty ; butterflies of the most brilliant, colours flitted from flower to < flower. High above Elfie's head were lofty trees, whose tall trunks were covered with mosses; and > creeping plants, while birds of gay plumage'made sweet musio from every bough. '. .ri Before her was a lake, which,sparkled ¡jn (the,', . lovely light, which was not that' of sun or '. mobu, ', but something more beautiful th'án 'either. Oh'1 its calm surface, pure water lilies rested on their dark grecu leaves.. . .,, : ? ' As Elfie gazed on all this woudrotis visidn'of beauty, she heard other music than that of-tho birds approaching,'' and soon :a crowd: of lovely beings came, towards her. , , Elfie,, had,; of bau dreamed about the fairies,, aud longed, to see, them, aiid somehow she knew that those'before' her were some of tho beings of whom Shakes.' peare had written,, and. mother had read .to her, in the happy days that seomed so long ago.' '.' Two tiny spritea advaucod towards her and took her hands j to her surprise she found herself just aB tiny us they were. :They .led' her, to, one, who waa more beautiful than all the others, aud : who held out loving arms to her. , .' Come to' me, Elfie," abe said, aud Elfie nestled in a tender . embranoe. Surrounded by these loviug arms, Elfie watohod, the fairies dance iu perfect ecstasy, aB they, whirled round and round to perfect music, all dressed in green, gold, white or silver, with their hair streaming behind them like a golden cloud;: How long this lasted Elfie never knew. Theu Hie fairy queou, with Elfie still iu her arms, stepped into one of the pleasure'bargoB which Budden ly uppeured lon the beautiful lake. 'A nilkeu sail was spread, aud the boat glided ou over the shining water. They seemed to be going on for ever BO long, when they aauie to a , marble palace from whose turrets rang out a peal of silvery bells. Surely it was a familiar chime. " Peace on : earth, good will among men," rang tho bells, just, as they had rung a year ago, before that awful ? parking with mother, and going tb Behool where',', lio ono loved or wanted Elfie ?'?"' Ijoudor aud clearer rang the hells, tighter grow . the embrace of tho loving arms, as kisses were rained do wu on the small white face.. aim** 14 Tighter grew the embrace of loving arm*? *' Elfie, Elfie, my darling," said a "well remem-' bered voice, " mother has come book, never to leave her treasure again." .,-:.":> Elfie opened her wondering eyes. Was she Btill in fairy land? or better still, was this really motlier in whose arms she was folded, while the ' Christmas bells rang out with ever increasing joy? ; . . ' . " Mother, mother," was all she could say,. as the small arms clung passionately round the well loved form. ' '' "How came.my little Elfie in this dreadful, place," asked mother;; "we have been,.looking for you for hours,and should not have found you. even now but for the barking of your little dog.' " What a dear little fellow he is," continued Mrs.' . Graham, stooping to pat the dog, who was jump-, iug about in a state of intense delight. ,.. ; ; " Yes," said Elfie, '.' he came to me' from fairy-. land, and took me baok there with him., ( And motlier I have seen such'beautiful things, and heard such: lovely music. All the, fairies are; Bweet and good, just as. you used to tell me they were, but nothing is as nice os having you with me again." , AB she paused ^breathless for joy, the bells again rang out their Ohristmas greeting. ? "My Elfie, it is nearly Christmas, morning," said Mrs. Graham. " Como, wo luiist hasten ' book to my hotel, and then to bed. ; I will saud for your things to-morrow.1'' " Bot this little dog," said Elfie, " must ho go baok to fairyland, or muy he come with us? " ,, " He shall come with us now," said Mrs. Gra ham "and unless we eau lind his owner he shall Btay with you always."'"'..'::':- . ?:.'?'. " No ono owns him but the fairies," answered : Elfie, " and they are too good- they will never tako him away from me." Elfie' aud her mother ' spent their Christmas day °in a comfortable home-like: hotel, and tv perfeotly. happy one.it was. : , .''>.'>' They remained there a few days, and made all enquiries for tho owner of the little dog, whom Ellie had christened Sprite, but no one ever claimed him, so Elfie took him home. : ' Elfie and her mother wore never parted again ; but when she was a woman with .her own. little children blustering round her knees, Us they sat by the Christmas fire, .Elfie used to tell them' the story of her lonely Christmas eve,' when tue ' kindly -fairies - sent , little Sprito ; to .-bring her to -, them iii that beautiful laud which, I hopo, we moy all eiiter.some day. "'' ""?:,i Mn.. SKTHMUI', cntnodowh stairs , to, a ten o'clock bronkfnst willi ii vncnnt countenance and a backward' tondi'iicy in-thé hnlr t.liiit rnndo his two eyes ache.' Ho ¿al. doivii nt..-the'table; und picking up n knifo and fori;, glnroil ¡ii an imuiisy wonder at something in the ? pint! er before b;»v , It lind qvidontlyjbeeu fried (in' .butler, niid'wns intended for food.'.Mr. Sntoniup harf -pdoned it.' wit li' bis fork' nh'cl lifted it' np bbdilyVßazlng al it. with Hvor-incrK.iiiing^woiidi'r/ " What under the' sun." lie.nxclniiiiod at last,,," is this.tbinc,?." " Well," replied h ¡B patient wife, with, Just a shadow of o sigh, " il look» like your soft felt hit, and that is what X think it. wns', ; .lint ¡ yon . pulled' il- out of i your! pocket when ypij cnino homo this morning and said it waru porti'r-l.iiiii.e steak, and you wanted, it .broiled..for. brenkfnsl. ' Von needn't give me any of it, I'm not' .rf' f"ti.\\)ji) Mr. Selomup, who wns just, wild to ^^"ffn'ln,. ''e ?">»' when ho came ' home, mid' innriflfri '|'l7""il"'ilirlll,ri of ""»' didn't dara.,to timk; tho tumid hi my 