P y I. . : NEWS IN BRIEF. VICTORIA. An offer of £75,000 from affirm in England for tho woll known Tahbilk vineyard Las been refused by the owner. Mr. Lansell has made a commencement in tho extensive Bchemo for sluioing tho Bendigo Creek. Ho has let a tender at £903 for laying pines from the Huntly race to Lake Weeroona to provido tho neoessary water supply. An elderly man, named Todd, hnd & narrow escapo from being run over by tho Sale and Stratford train on Mondry. He was crossing the line, when tho cowoatcher struck him and hurled him clear off tho rails. Beyond a shaking and a bruised heel, tho man escaped unhurt. J. Vanhe&rdon;, an old resident of North Goldie, was riding on a load of firewood, and crossing a deep gutter the wheels dropped into it. Vanboardcn fell to tho ground ono wheel pass ing over his chest and stomach. Several ribs wero broken and ono hip was dreadfully damaged. A grey pony, one bolonging to the Rev. W. J. Gillespie, of Colcraiuc, being startled, bolted down the hill through tho paddock, reached a fence with wire top, caught itself in tho barbs, and landed on the other side of the fenco on its back which was broken. In 12 minutes tho animal was dead. At Bridgew&ter; a man named Alfred Scofield was working at a cutting near the Water Mill, and while wheeling a barrow across a planlc ho slipped and fell a distance of between 20 and 30 feet upon soma rough boulders, breaking several ribs, lacerating his left cheek, and sustaining biuiscs upon his body, right knee and ankle. Riohard Arris and William Hill, two miners employed at tho Berry No. 1 claim, Creswick, were imprisoned in tho mino from 8 o'clock on Friday evening tiU3 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, when thoy wore released. It seems that a fall of earth occurred in one of tho drives and blocked them. They were not, however, in much danger. A large school of porpoises made their appear ance in Portland bay last week. With but littlo delay some sailing boats, with a few occupants armed with rific9, wero in pursuit, and after au hour's amusement the porpoises left the bay, but not beforo a good many bullots had been fired at them from the boats and as they passed tho end of tbo pier and boat harbor. Mr. John Gcorgi, of Eastern Hill, when re turning from Daylcsford at about 10 o'clock ou Saturday night on horseback was accosted at Sailor's Falls-bridge by a man, who tried to grasp the bridle from his bands. Ho galloped his horao until bo came to the next bridge, and to his surpriso was bailed up a second time in a eimilar manner, it is bolievcd by the same man. During tho past week (says tho Snowy Itivcr Zfail), Mr. A. Moulden crossed the Brodribb with 100 sheep, which ho is taking to his selec tion on the M'Culloch. Thoy are tho first sheep introduced into tbnt district. Tho whole of tho M'Cullooh country is looking very well, and those who havo been fortunate enough to get part of their holdings cleared havo magnificent crops of grass. The following Btory in regard to an iguana comes (says tho T. and O. Times) from Stir ling A gentleman killed an Iguana last week after firing three shots at him, and then had to finish him off with a stick. On dissecting him he found inside the monstrous reptile (which, by tho way, was about 10 feet in length) no less than two wanga pigeons, a laughing jackass, and a large quantity of animal bones of various kinds and sizes— some over a foot in length. Tbo death is announced, after a lingering HI ness, of Captain David Reid, J. P., at 75 years. He was one of the early pioneers, having arrived in South Australia in 1839, in command of tbo vessel whioh brought out tho Elder family. For roaiiy years he was trading between tho differ- ent colonies. About 30 years ago ho gavo up tho sea, and for the last 21 years he has been a respocted citizen of Phillip Island, and highly esteemed by all who knew him. A lad named Henry Winaor, aged 10 years, was drowned in the dam of tho Catherino United Company on Saturday. Ho was fishing for crayfish with other lads, and then went in for a bath. While paddling about ho apparently stepped into an old mining hole, now included in tho dam, and being unablo to swim, ho quickly sank and was drowned beforo nssistanco could bo given. The body was recovered half an hour after, but life was extinct. A serious loss through firo was sustained nt Bung Bong last week, when a haystack contain ing 55 tons, tho property of Mr. P. Abbott, J. P., was burnt to tho ground. Tho origin of tho firo is n oomplete mystery. Tho value of tho hay was at least £2 per tou. Mr. Burkinsliaw, residing about a milo lower down, lost upwards of a milo of fencing, but tho firo originated in a different locality altogether. Bush fires are burning on the Pyrenees. The weather here is very hot. During tho dinner hour somo of the children . attending tho State school at Tahbilk saw a black snake, between 3 feet and 4 feet long, crawling under tho school. When it had got balf way under tho building ono of tho boys pinned it to tho ground with a stick. A man passing by at once placed his foot on it to pre vent it slipping away, and not finding anything handy to pull tho snako out with he, with his bands, tried to drag it out. However, tho snako tugged in tho opposito direction so hard that the body was severed. Tho half-crown railway meal is uot going to be popular at Warragul. On tho arrival of every train old patrons of tho diniag room can be seen standing at the refreshment bar, and when questioned tho reply invariably is, " Oh ! we are not going into tho room to pay half-a-crown when we can get a lunch at tho counter for Is." As a matter of fact, 2s. 6d. is not to be charged until aftor the first of the year, but people think it is, and tho caterer is losing customers for his Is. 6d. meals. The half-crown rate will bo doomed to certain failure. The Rev. P. A. Brennan, B.A., one of tho professors at tho Holy Ghost College in Balla- rat, died at an early hour on Saturday fiom heart disease. Father Brcnaan, who wns 36 years of age, was a graduato of the Royal Uni versity of Ireland, and was ono of a number of "regular" priests brought to tho colony about three yo&rs; ago from Blackrook College, near Dublin, by tho Bishop of Ballarat. Tho rev. gentleman, who is a native of Kilkenny, where bis parents are still residing, was very highly respected among all classes in Ballarat. Mr. F. Walker, of Avon Plains, was yoking up his team of three horses to a reaper and binder, when tho animals bolted. Mr. Walker hung on to the collar of ono of the runaways for some time, bub fiuding he was unable to stop thorn, mado a spring to clear himself of tho machine, hut was caught by tho pin of the out side cutter, penetrating through his leg just be low tho knee. In this position Mr. Walker was draggod for several chains, when tho rcius be coming entangled and wouud up in the machine, brought the horses to a standstill. Mr. T. M'Rao, John Bull Creek, was engaged fenoing in some of tho paddocks along with his sons, and while driving in a dray with somo fencing wire on it, wns thrown off by tho vehicle jolting over a dry sapling or limb lying DD» the ground. Ho was sitting on tho sido of the dray — a very common and dangerous prac- tice by the way — and the jolt overbalancing him, he felt to tho ground, breaking his back. He pas9od away after lingering for fivo or six wcokB. Mr. M'Rae was a good typo of tho sturdy race of pioneers. He with several brothers camo to Victoria in 1853. A farmer named J. Brooks, residing at Milloo, was found dead on 27th Nov. on tho Kamarooka-road, beyond Huntly. IIo was in Bondigo on the 26th selling dairy produce, and left for homo in tho evening. Next morn ing a young man named Afllock found Brooks lying dead on tho road, with a scvcro wound on his head, ono side of tho faco being coraplotoly disfigured. His horse and cart wero found 3 miles oif. His money and papers wore intact. It is probable that ho was thrown out of tho enrt accidentally. Tho wife of Mr. John Rogers, farmer, of Buln Buln, was bitten by a black snako last week. A messenger galloped into Warragul, and Dra. Hayes and Trumpy proceeded to Buln Buln. A second enso is reported, in which tho suf ferer is a little boy named Walter Dyko, whoso parents rcsido about 5 miles from Thorpdalc. During tho forenoon, tho little boy's mother saw a tiger snako closo to tho houso and attempted to kill it, but tho reptile got awuy, and not long after tho child, who is 6 years old, was bitten a few inchos bolow tho knee. Tho parents tied a ligature round tho bitten limb and had it scarified, and conveyed tho child to Thorpdale to a medical man. On Monday at midnight Mrs. C. Palmer, of Wandella Lake, whilst engaged sewing in her children's room, espied a tiger snako crawl into a box containing somo of tho children's clothes. Mr. Palmer shot tho reptile whero it was con cealed. On tho following day Mrs. Palmor, whilst engaged in her domcstio duties, shw a snake closo to her, which sho and tho servant girl immediately despatched, and whilst doing so saw another close by, whioh thoy treated in a similar m&nnor.; Tho first measured 5 foot 6 inches and tho second 6 foot 4 inches, and wero of tho brown species. On Weduesday morning, just, as Mr. Palmer was about to Btarb to Kerang, he obsorved a snake close to tho house, and despatched it. This was also a brown snake, and measured 5 foet 6 inches. Tho Rov. Mr. Edwards, accompaniod by Mr. Roes, were proceeding along tho Neerim-road At a c&nter;, when tho rov. gentleman's horse tripped and fell, throwing his rider heavily on his head. Ho was for the moment stunned, but on recovering and looking round for his companion ho discovered him emerging from a hole in the ground covered from head to foot in mud, and his hat very much dinged. Tho peculiar part of tho affair is that neither knew anything hut his own accident, and the question camo simultaneously, "Havo you had an acoident." The horses came down together. Mr. Rees's horse being a littlo in advance of the former and a iittlo more considerate, put him in a soft place, and ho escaped with but a little shaking. Both gontlemon attributed their hard bats to Baving them from broken skullls. A man named Daniol Brady was brought into tho Gcelong hospital in an unconscious stato on Thursday, 26th ult. Ho had boon violently assaulted near tho Meredith railway station by a railway employe named Cooney, who inflicted a numbor of severe contusions on his hoad and body. Tho police ascer tained on Friday that the cause of the assault was domestic infolioityl Cooney, who is engaged by tho Railway department as a fencer, is a married man, and when he wont homo about & o'clock on Tuesday evening ho found Ms wife in the bedroom with Brady, who upon tho entrance of tho husbaud hastily left. Cooney ran after him, but Brady mauagod to escape. On "Wednesday afternoon Cooney met Brauy close to tho Meredith railway station and assaulted him with a whip handle, beating the fellow unmerciful blows about the head and body, and then leaving him in an unconscious state. Brady has recovered consciousness. Mr Joseph Cartledgo, sou., of Dutson, whilst stepping out of bod trod on a black snake, and was bitten on tho calf of tho leg. His daughter, a child of 9 years of age, who had recoivcd the instruction given at tho Stato school for the ticatmentof similar oases, tied two ligatures about tho wound. Mrs. Cartledgo sucked tho wound repeatedly during tho night, whilo the child proceeded through the midst of a violent thunderstorm to the nearest neighbor's, 2 miles distanco, for assistance. "When medical assis tance arrived Mr. Cartledgo was in a semi-un conscious state — very drowsy, quite grey In tho faco, unable to see anything, and complaining of great pain in tho heart. Great difficulty was experienced in keeping him awnko. Dr. Browno at onco injected an eightieth of a grain of stryohnino subcutanooualy into the patient's arm, repeating tho injeotion four hours later. Tho sufferer revived within a few minutes after receiving the first injeotion. Brandy and ammonia wns then administered internally, and the bites scarified and rubbed with ammonia. The strychnine euro has bccu a perfect success, though it will bo somo days before tho effects from the snake bite will have completely worn off. 