THE "BLACK LADY" OF DARMSTADT. ; The Courts of Germany and Austria boast a host of legendary lady spectres (the Gentle woman says) who, when woe is to befall the princely house in question, make their ap. pearance at the; hour of midnight, before some sentinel or officer on duty, their appearance striking terror and dismay among the inmates of the palace, and perhaps hastening the death of the princely sufferer. The "Black Lady of Darmstadt" wa3 a princess, and, moreover, the wedded consort of a reigning prince, being Princess Marianne, the wife of the Grand Duke Ferdinand Maria. She always, we are told, appears in deep mourning, and is reputed to Ibespeak woe to the Grand Ducal House of Hesse in particular, but also to the allied royal one of Bavaria. In olden times the reputed appearance of the " Black Lady " would cause a perfect panic in the old Darmstadt Schloss, the sentinels even fleeing'from their posts. A'young and daring officer of the Grenadiers ,onee prayed the Grand Duke Ludwig I. to be permitted to stand sentry at the Court chapel. " K it be no true ghost," he remarked, " I will curei the individual of the desire to haunt." Th'e prayer was granted, with the^request that if the spectre refused to stand when challenged the officer was to fire upon it. _ The Grand Duke himself and some courtiers in due course repaired to the vestry of the chapel," whence a 'view could be obtained of the courtyard, and the path which the ghostly object wa3 said to take. The weird hour of midnight approached. Presently the chapel bell struck the hour* and hardly had the last chime died away before a loud " Halt!" rang-out- upon the still-night, . followed instantly by the report of a gun. The Grand Duke and his attendants hurried from their hidihg. place into the courtyard, where , they beheld the .bold soldier stifle and dead. He > had^nbt a single outward sign of '? injury, but the carrel of the gun by his side was rent from the'stdck .and the former twisted like a cock screw.1- Singular" to " relate," within"three days -Liidwig-J.himself lay a- corpsem the Ducal Hall. . . Abdut'the year 1830 Queen. Ther&so; of Bavaria died most suddenly, and even in the highest cirolesTnentiomvas shndderingly made ; of the spectre. that had made"' its appearance just before* her death. King Ludwig, her consoifc, *: was spending" the . - summer- in the cpinpstoy of?' Queen- Therese at his castle of Archaffenberg, whither also their Majesties' son-inllaw, Grand Duke Ludwig III.,, of . Hesse- Darmstadt^ had been invited, when one evening-at duski" just" as the' princely company were taking- tea in the gayest of spirit^ there suddenly appeared-so those preset# aver-behind the chair of. the Queen a lady in deep mourning, who, having fixed : her glassy eyes upon her Majesty, retired through the ante-chamber. The Grand Duke immediately hastened after the- mysterious visitor, and in an angry-voice demanded of the officer on duty by tne door how he dared to permit strangers to enter unannounced and at that hour. The latter declared on oath that no living human being had entered either the ante-chamber- or the royal saloon. Horror struck: the duke returned to the company, when he was compelled, much against his wish, to relate the story. Having heard it, Queen Thr^ese rose hastily from the chair and ex claimeid, " That is intended for me." . The royal party returned shortly after to the capital, where the cholera had raged during thesuinmer but-had their disappeared.- In a few days the unhappy Queen fell a victim to the terrible scourge. ' <. Again, in the early days of March, 1864, the Black Lady" figured in a mysterious occurrfence: at the Palace ' of Darmstadt, which) through subsequent events, created an inimense sensation- in* Germany. The Life Guards officer on duty had, at the hour of midnight, commenced his nightly round of inspection"of the' sentries, when suddenly, in on6 of the corridors, he beheld a lady dressed inblack coming from the apartments occupied by Countess Fuger, a lady of the: Court/ . He saw her distinctly go-past the grand-staircase, at night the only exit to the chapel courtyard. Believing that she was making a mistake, the officer called to her that sne could only get out that way to reach; hercarriage: But without paying the slightest heed the lady .continued her way - towards the chapel stairs. Quickly the officer hastened after her, but she disappeared in the gloomi Then, in the belief that it might be . someone with felonious intent, he shouted to the sentry on-guard at the bottom of the stairs, "Arrest her!" himself, descending quickly. But there was nobody, and the man emphati cally declared' that no one had passed him. Two days later the news spread like wildfire throughout Germany that King Maximilian II. of Bavaria' had suddenly been taken ; dangerously ill. He had returned in excellent health from his usual ride, and was just dress ing for dinner when he was seized with cramp. And in a few hours he was dead. 