GREEN-ROOK GOSSIP. The announcement that Henry Irvirigmoans shortly to revive 'i'he Corrican Broilier* baa given ri3e to some interostin? speculations as to whether the supernatural' business in that piece will be done in an improved stylo. It is remembered that, as formerly prodnoed by Mr. Irving, is left much to be desired in that respect. The ghost did his spiriting in too mechanical a fashion. Hopes are, however, expressed that in this instance the manager . of ihe Lyceum willbeableto provide a spectro fit to satisfy the most exacting member of the Physical Society. Tho London Evening Post says:— 'According to a recent despatch from the other sido of the Atlantic, Mr. Edward E Rice, tho M'Mahon Brothers, Mr. George K. Fortescue, Mrs. Fortescue, and Misa For rescue, aud five protty girls have made a dascent from San Francisco on Australia for the purpose of 'oceupyiug the burl'e«qua field ' before Nellio Farroii and Frod Leslie can got ont there, and/with the laudable intention, ofcourso, of taking all the eroam. ' Thov will have produced a Eice burlosque lon» boforo the English troupe roach there' From what is known of the gentleman's work here; especially as shown in Adonie, there is little apprehension as to the reception which tho Gaiety favorites will meet with at the Antipodes, Eicu and his crowd notwith standing. It has probably not dawned upon him yet that thero is but one Fred Leslie and one Nollio Fan-on.' ? ? ??.-.-' Tho Theatre Royal, Adelaide, lms changed hands lately, tlio now lessee being Mr. Wybert Eoeve. whose experience as iv manager and actor, both ii: England and Amorioa, has been very extensive, ho also having- figured vorv successfully as an author or playwright Mr Eeevo will still continue his friendly and business relations with the firm of W., G. and Co. in seouring thoir companies and pioces. He baa already made arrangements and fixed dales a long way ahead for first-claSs talent and as things arc looking verv prosperous in the city of churches, he may look forward to a very prosperous career. The recent renova tion of the theatre, the insinuation of the electric light, aud the new scenic and' stage furnishings have made the Theatre Royal Adelaide, ono of the most comfortable littlo theatres in Australia. We. wish Mr. Bcevo and our old friend, Mr. Whittimjton, his acting-manager, success is their new venture. Botween Trieste and Miramar the outer walls of a large Hoinan theatre have (says the -Vienna correspondent -of thu Dailt NliiVO) been discovered. Besides the polygon of the outer wall a circular internal wall with a diameter of abont 50yds was found. There aro also some graves containing eight well preserved skeletons. This is the fifth Eoraan' theatro discovered on Austrian or Hungarian territory. The largest and finest is the Auiphitueatro of Pola, which place also boasts another, but much smallor theatro. Othor theatres havo boon (liscovorod in tho military cities ou the Danube, as, for instance, at Cnrnuntum (Hoimburg), about 2i miles from Vienna. * ? . c Mr. Ted Faust, one of tho well-known Faust Family, has taken tho Royal Town Hall Hotel, at the corner of Druitt and Kent streets. We wish him' luck. 