THE HEIR PRESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author op "The Son op his Father," " Sib Tom," 'Oliver's Bride," ko., kc. All Rights Reserved. Chapter XLV. The day after tho hurried visit of Agnes to tho park had been oneof gathering darkness and exhaustion to tho young sufferer. Ho was so ill and had beon ill so long that tho interest of the housobold lmd almost como to an end. Thore was nothing to bo dono for him, not oven tho beef tea to prepare, tho varioty of drinks wbieb had kept up a certain link of sorvico between the sick room and the rest of the house. All that seemed over. He had passed from the necessi ties of life while still living, and now there was nothing but a half- impatient waiting — a long ing of strained nerves and attention for the end of the suspense — till all should bo ovor, and tbo little tale told out. Lotitia, who felt herself tho ehiof person in volved, did not feol oven impatient that day. It was by this timo a foregono conclusion, n ques tion of time. The doctor ovon bad said scarcely anything, bad only shaken bis head, and even tbo cheerful nurso, the woman of daylight and good hope, was daunted, and did not repeat hor better auguries. John, who bad avoided his wife, who bad refused to discuss tho subjeot, now let hor speak, sitting with bis bead bent on his breast and making little reply, but still lis tening to what sho said. She had a great many plans, indeed had drawn out in her aotive mind a whole scheme of proceedings for their future guidance, of changes to be mado both for pleasure and profit, things of muoh more im portance than those alterations in tho houso on which she had set her mind the first timo sho came into it. Lotitia spoko low, but sho spoko boldly, bidding her liUBband remombcr that though it was vory sad it was a thing that had always been necossary to look forward to, and that after all it was his just inheritance that was now coming to him. .And John had not stopped her to-day. It was all truo enough. The poor boy had beon an interruption to tho course of ovonts, and now things wore returning to thoir natural courso. He had a soft heart, and it was sore for the poor boy ; but Lctitia had reason on licr side, and what she Gaid was not to be refuted or despised. She was vory busy that day, not going out for bcr drivo or receiving any visitors, not ovon any of tho anxious inquirers who oamo to beg for a littlo more information than tbo bulletin gave — the olcrical poople about, awl tho nearest neigh bors, whom hitherto she bad allowed to enter ; very.busy in her own room planning out a groat many things. It would mako a ohango to overy- body — a different stylo of living, a great exten sion and amplification would now not only bo possiblo, but necessary. She put it all down on paper, making out hor arrangements systemati cally, which was an exorcise that sho loved. If tho poor boy lingered for a week longer that would mako -no difference after all. Sho had promised to .Duko to send for him if Mar. bcoamc worse ; but she decided that she would not do so, for what would bo tho good? Mar. was far too weak to tako an interest in nny one, perhaps even to recogniso his cousin. And Letitia folt that sho could not bear the noisy grief with whioh -her sou would no doubt receive tho nows, which was the best news for him that could possibly bo. It was bad enough to soo Letty with her red eyes moping about tbo house, and . Tiny idevoting herself to hor lcBsons as if tho mortification of bor soul over them was moro appropriate to the crisis than anything sho cared for. Little fools ! who did not know what was to thoir advantage ! But ovon to them it would not make tho difference it would make to Duke. IJor Duko there could bo no doubt it wns tho one thing to be desired; yot Lotitia know .lie would make a greater fusB than even the girls wore doing, and this sho could not bear. Next morning she was a- little later than usual in leaving her room, ijihe had not slept well. Hor mind had been- so full of all that sho hnd to do. It was not anxiety that kopt her awake, for anxiety had almost loft . her in the certainty of what was going to happen ; but merely the prc-ocr.upntion of bor mind and the responsibility on ber Bkouldcrs of scoing that everything was dono in this emergency so ns tosocuro the approval of the world. Though her nind was full of exultation, : sho was most' nnxious not to show it ; not to be spoken of as heartless or worldly. A slight fear that slio had committed herself to the attendants of the Bick room, and that tbey had penetrated her true feelings, troubled her a littlo ; but what did a couple of nurscs.matter ? She was so late that morning that she did not as usual soo the night nurse, with her lugubrious couutcnance, shaking her head as she went to tako bor necessary rest. Lotitia liked the nigbt nurso best Sho bad always thought tho other too hopeful ; but what did it mattor now what ono thought or tho other ? She went direct to the sick room when she left her own, putting on as. sho went the necessary solemnity of countenance with which to rccoivc what there would be no doubt would be bad news. It startled ber a little to hear an unusual murmur of voicos in the ante room where tho dootor was in tho habit of pausing to give bis directions. Sho could not bear what they said, but there was something in tho tone of tho consultation which struck her liko a sudden dart thrown from some unseen hand. What did it mean? She went into the room quickly, her composure disturbed, though alio would not allow liorself to think thero was any reason. What' reason could there bo ? The first thing Lctitia saw was tho nurso crying — the cheerful, nurse — tho fool of an optimist who had always said lio would get hotter. Ah ! all was over then ? This woman had the folly to allow hersolf to get interested in tho case ; and bosides. might well be orying too for tho ond of a good job. A spirit of malico and fierce opposition somehow, sprang up in Lctitia's mind, and prompted this mean thought. Yes, it was the end of a good job of good feeding ond good pay, and vory easy work. No wondor sho cried ; and to make herself interesting, too, in tho doctor's oyes. This flashed through Mrs. Parke's mind in a second, while sho was walking into the room. It broke up licr calm, but rather with a fierce impulso of impatience and desire to take tho hussy by tho shoulders than with any real foar. The dootor was stooping ovor the tablo writing a proscription. A prescription ! What did they want with such a thing now? Ho lookod up when he heard her step. His face was beam ing. He put down his pen, and came forward, holding out both his hands. "I havo tho best of news for you this morning, my doar lndy," ho said. Letitia was too much stnrtlod to speak. Sho would not, could uot permit liorself to boliovo her eyes. She drew her hands impatiently from his clasp. " Tho crisis hns como— and passed," he said. "Tiio fever has gone. I find his tempera ture almost normal, and tho pulse quite quiet." " What?" said Letitia. Sho wouldnot believo hor ears. She bad no timo to regulate ber coun tenance to look as if she were glad. Her jaw foil, ber eyes glared. " What ?" she said, and she could say no more. " I do not wondor you aro overcome. I feel myself as if it were too much. Sit down and take a moment to recover " She sat down mechanically and glared at him. Her feeling was that if there bad been a knife on tbo tabic sho would bavo struck at him with it— a sharp one, that would bavo turned that smile into a grimace and made an end of it. Too much! The fever gone, gone / She panted for breath, fiercely, like a wild beast, "It is wonderful, but it is true," said Dr. Barker. Ho added, after a momont, " It is curious the different ways wo take it. This £ ood little woman, who always hoped the bost— cries —and you, Mrs. Parke, you " " Do you mean that ho will livo?" Lotitia said. ' "X hope so— I hopo so. Tho only danger now is weakness: if we can feed him up and keep bim. quiet. It is all a question of Btrongth ' "You 'have aaid that ever since you wero called in.". "Ah, yes, that is true, butina different sense. Strength to struggle with a fevor is one thing ; strength to pick up when it is gone is another. Yesterday, every moment the fire was flaming, burning out his lifo— now every moment is o gain. Look at bim. He's asleep. He hasn't been asleep, to eall sleeping — not honest sleep— for days and nights—" All this waa but as the blowing of the wind to Letitia. She did not hear tbo words. She heard only over and over again : " the fevor is gone " Bnt by thiB timo sbo had bogun to call her strength to her, to romombor dully that sbo must not betray horself. Sbo interrupted the dootor in tho midst of his phrase. "Do you moan that he will livo?" sho said again. " As long, I hope," said tbo dootor promptly, " as his frionda could desire." "I don't socm to understand," Lotitia said. "I thought all hope was over. I thought ho was dying. Why did you mako me think so— and my husband, too?" " I am sorry if I have givon you unnecessary pain, Mrs. Parke " "Oh, unnecessary ! It was all unnecessary, I supposo. You havo — you havo frightened us for nothing, Dr. Barkor— glvon us suoh days— nnd nights." Sho broko into a littlo wild laugh. "And all. the timo there was nothing in it?" Bho oried. The nurso hnd, dried her oyos and was staring at this strange exhibition, and Lotitia had bogun to perceive that she had got out of lior own con trol, and oould not reoover tho command of her words and looks. She . had boen so taken by surprise, so overwhelmed by tho suddon shock that tho commotion in her brain was like mad ness. It wns all she could do not to shriek ont, to fly at the spectators like a wild cat. How dared tbey look and see what she had not tho strength to conceal? "I will go," sho said, "and call John ; ho will toll you what ho thinks," with tho impulse of a maddened woman to bring- a man's strength into her quarrel and punish hor ndveraary. What sho thought John aouid do to Dr. Barkor she did not know ; and indeed sho did not go to tell John. Sho returned to her room, which she had left only a fewxminutos before, and from whioh sho chased tbo frightened houso maids with a stamp on tho floor whioh made them fly wildly, leaving brooms and dusters bohind. Tho windows were all opon, tho sunshino bursting in in a great twinkling of light aftor yesterday's rain. Sho looked the door that sho might be alone, and eloscd the windows one after another with a sound like thunder. To give expression to the rage that devoured her was something, a neoessity, tho only way of gotting out her passion. ' Tho fever gone, tho fever gone ! the fover whioh was her friend, which had worked for bor, whioh had promised everything — everything that her heart desired. And they looked' her in the face and told her it was gono ! the fools and hypocrites, that vile woman crying in hor falseness, tho man triumphing ovor her, pretending to congratulate her when he must havo known— How could they holp knowing ? Thoy must bavo known ! Thoy had done it on purpose to mako ber betray herself,' to surpriso her thoughts, to exult over her. And she had been so snrrf, so oasy in her mind, so certain that everything was going well ! Ob, ab! — ber breath of rago oould command no more expression than that common monosyl lable. She could not appeal to God as people do iu such wild shoeks of passion. It was not God who oould be appealed to. The other por- baps if sho bird known 'liow — there are times when devil worship might bo a relief if it could be done. " My God !" said Dr. Barker, who wns not so restrained. " She is wild with disappointment and rage. Did she wish the boy. to dio ?" "Ob, doctor— sho wished her own boy to be in his place," said the nurse, who perhaps had a semi-maternal light upon tho matter. The doctor kopt on shaking his head as he finished his prescription. "Don't wake him for this or anything — not even for food ; but givo him tho food as I told you. "I know, I know," said tho nurse on whom the ovorstrain of hor nervos . was telling, too ; " don't you think I know, sir, how important it- is. " " Don't you go off, too— don't leave him for a .moment. Avoid all noise or, disoussion. Try and keop overyono out, cspeoially — " Ho did not finish his sentence, but it wes'unncees- sary. . . " All I can do, dootor— all I can do. But Mrs. Parko is the mistress of the house." i " She will 'not oomo back .again," ho said, " sho willbo in a terrible fright when sho knows how she betrayed herself. Poor thing ! as you .'say it waB to put her boy in his placo. They were wild before when this boy was born. 'Woll, perhaps there is somo excuse for thom." " But you will como back to-night?" "I-should think so, indeed," ho said, "and before to-night. And I shall see John Parke a3 I go." ' ' But by that strange influence which nobody can explain, before tho doctor loft tho room the news had somehow flashed through the house. The fever gone ! John Parke came out into the hall ns Dr. Barker came downstairs. " Is it truo?" ho said. It would bo vain to assert that there was not a dull throb whioh was not of pleasure or gratitude through John Parke's being when that rumor had come to bim. The oup 'was dashed from his lips again, and this time for ever.- Ho had to pauBe a momont in the library, where ho was Bitting, thinkiDg iuvolnn- tnrily of the now life, to gulp down somothing which shamed him to the bottom of his heart. But whan ho came out to meet tho doctor that very shock had brought all his tenderer feelings baok. " Is it true ?" he said with a quiver of emotion in his voioe. And at that momont Lotty oamo flying in from the park and flung hersolf upon his nock, nnd kissed him like a whirlwind. "Oh, papa, Mar. 'a 'better !" she said, hor'voico between a soft shout and song of joy ringing through the great houso. Thore was no doubt, no hesitation in Lotty's rapture and thankfulness. And it was with almost as true a heart, notwithstanding his momentary pang of feeling, that John grasped the dootor's Land and said " Thank God." ' How tho nbws ran through the house! It was known beforo it was ever spoken at all to tbe oook, who immediately roso from tho retire ment in which sho was considering her menu, and ordered a delicate young chicken to bo pro- pared to make souix " I know what's wanted after a fover. Something hevory hour," said that dignitary. It swept up liko a breeze to tho houso maids upstairs busy with their work. "Oh, that's what put the Missis in such a passion," they said with unerring logic. Tiny, released from her lessons by thu same instinc tive consciousness of something, danced a wild jig round tho hall to the tuno of " Mar.'s better. Mnr.'s better !" all'hcr hnir floating about hor, and her shoes coming off in hor frenzy. And thus nature and human feeling hold tho day and reigned triumphant, notwithstanding the fierce tragedy, indescribable, torriblo— a passion whiah rent tho very soul, and to whioh no orime, no horror was impossible, which raged and ex hausted itself in silenco, shut up with itself and all devilish impulses in the best room, in the bosom of tiio mistress of tho houso. Chapter XLVI. Lctitia was a long timo in her room, nnd was not visible at all downstairs during tho moment of gladnoss which changed tho aspect of every thing. Her door remained lockod all the morn ing, anil the bouse mhids were shut out, unablo to " do " tho room, which was the most curious interruption of all tho laws of lifo. The bed was not made, nor anything swept nor dusted at noon, when sho appeared down stairs — a thing whioh had never happened beforo in tho house, whioh never happens in nny respectable houBo exeept in cases of ill ness. Missis's room, too, the most important of all ! Nobody saw what went on insido in those two long hours. Perhaps only John divined tbo strain whieh was going on in liis wife's mind, and ha but imperfectly, having little in his own nature of tho poison in hers. And John took very eood care not to disturb Lctitia. He would neither go himsolf nor let Lotty go to make sure that hor mother knew tho good news about Mar. or to see if she were ill or any tiling wrong. She was sure to know, he said ; and no doubt she had something to do whioh kept licr in her room. But there wns also no doubt that lie was some what nervous himself at her long disappear ance. Two hours sho was invisible, which for the - mother of a family and tho mis tress of a house is a vory long time. When she camo downstairs she had ber bonnet on, and was going out. Sho had ordered tho brougham though it was a very bright and worm day, and announoed that sho was going to Ridding for some shopping she had to do, but wanted no one to go with her — nor wero they to wait luncheon for her should sho be late. "You have heard of course. Letitia, about Mar.," John Bald, as ho came out with his old- fashioned politeness to put hie witc into tbe carriage. "Is thoro anything now about Mar. !" she said, with a sort of disdain. " Ob, mamma, he's batter I the fever ie gone, he is going to get well," cried Tiny, who waa still danoing about the lialL "Is that all?" said Mrs. Parke, "I heard that hours ago"— and sho drove away . without a smilo, without a word of satisfaction or evon pretended satisfaetion — her face a blank as if it had boon cut out of .stone. Thoy watched tho carriage turn the corner into the avonue with a ohiU at their hearts. "Was mamma angry ?" Tiny asked. John Parke made no answer to his child's question, but went book to the library and took up his paper with a heavy- heart He had felt it himself, moro shame to him, more or less ; a sort of horrible pang of disappointment ; but she — it troubled him to divine how she must be foeling it What awful sensations nnd sentimonts wore in her heart? It was not for herself, John said, tryiug to oxeuso hor — it was for Duko and for him. If sho only would understand that ho did not mind, that he waa glad, very glad, that his brother's son was getting batter, Hist Mar. was for too much like his own child to make his recovery anything but a happy circumstanoc ! John's heart nehed for that unmoving fixed fnoc. Oh, if she could bo persuaded that neither Duke nor he would havo been happy in the promotion that camo. through harm to Mar! Letitia sank baok in the corner of tho brougham where nobody could see. Sho hnd boen in almost a frenzy of rage and pain, walk ing about tbo room, throwing herself on . the sofa and even on the floor in the abandonment of hor fierco misery, hurling herself liko a passionate child. No shame, no pride had . re strained hor. Sho had locked her door and closed hor windows snd given horself up to tho paroxysm whioh would have been Bhameful if any ono had seen it — yet whioh gave , a certain horrible relief to tho sensations that rent her to piecos. To have it ail, snatched from her bauds again when aha. had mada up hor mind to it, whon everything was so certain ! To bo proved a fool, a fool, ; again trusting in a clmnco whieii never would come ! It seomed to Lctitia that God was her onemy, and a malignant ono, exultiug in her disappoint ment, laughing at her pangs. She was too angry, too cruelly outraged, to be content with thinking of chanco or that it was her luck, as somo peoplo say. She wanted aomoone to hnto for it — someone whoso fault it was, whom she could revilo and affront and defy to his fsoo. Tho deception of circumstances, the disappointment, of hopes, the cruel way in whioh she had been lulled into seau- rity only to be the more bitterly awakened from hor illusion, mado hor mad. Not as Mary had boen made mad, not with any oonfiision of mind, but with a liorriblo and intense subvarsion, a senso of boing at war with everything, and living only to revenge herself upon God and man. Sho had revonged herself upon herself first of all, besting her head against the wall, digging her nails into her flesh, beoauso sho had been suoh a fool, oh, such a fool ! as to believe that what she wished was to be. And then there formed in her mind an awful thought, a movement of resistance, a refusal to bo overthrown. Sho would not, Bhe would not! allow hersolf to bo played with, to be beaten, to be foiled, to have the cup snatched from her lips just when sho was about to drink. No, sho would not submit ! .Though God was tile Master, yot there wore ways of overcoming Him— yos, thero wero ways of over coming. Though He said lifo, a human creature, though so weak, if she had but aouragc enough, could say death, and Ho would not bo ablo- to prevent it. In tho mndnoss of hor disappoint ment and rebellion there camo into Letitia's mind a suggestion, an idea. It did not seem so much in ordor to havo hor own will, and her own advantago, as in order to get tho better of God, who had shaped things the other way. . Ho thought, perhaps, there was nothing she could do, that sho would havo to bear it. No, then ! she would not! He should see — Ho was a tyrant. He had tho powor; hut thore wero ways of baffling Him— thoro was a way-' Never in all Lctitia's struggles had this thought come into her mind before.. Mar. hod boen holploss in hor hands for years, but hot- arm had never armed itself ngainst him. She hnd never sought to harm him. If she had exagger ated and cultivated his weakness it had been half, as sho said, in a kind of scornful precau tion, that nothing might happon to him in her bouse, and half from a grudge, lest ho should emulate hor own sturdy boys, over whom ho had so' grcnt and undeservod nn advantage. She had novcr thought of harming him. After, when ho was roaliy ill, whon Frovidenoo itself (for hor mind could bo pious when this influence which shapes ovonts was on her sido) had seemed to nrrangc for his removal,' as sho piously said, to a better world, it would havo been moro than nature, had not . her mind ruBhed forward to that ovidently opproaohing conclusion wliioh would mako so groat a differ- on ce. Oil, the ' difference it would mako ! enough to deaden the sense of pity, ,to sharpen overy covetous desire. But still she had not thought of doing anything to -secure tho end sho desired. No, no ! all tho other way- nothing had been neglected, nothing refused that would help him — nothing except her desire, her strong unspoken wish, had been against him. And what had that to do with tbo issue one way or tho other? A woman cannot pray to God that a boy may die. Thus the only unfair advantage which tho intensity of hor wish might havo given her was taken away. On tho other sido they had this unfair advantage— thoy could pray, and pray as long as they peased if that was any good. Sho had only her strong, persistent, never suspoudod wish. Nothing, nothing had sho done against him. She had nevor once thought of assisting or hastening fato. But now that God had turned everything tho wrong way and dashed tho cup from hor lips, and set Himself against her, now. in tho frenzy that filled her bosom, the rage, tho shame, - tho rebellion, tho wild nnd overwhelming passion, a new. furious light had blazed in upon the boiling waves. Ah, God was groat, thoy Baid. He oould restore lifo whon everything pointed to another conclusion. Ho conld work a miracle— hut a woman oould foil Him. Sho could kill though Ho mado alive. A moment of timo, an insignifi cant action— and all His healing and restoration would come to nothing. Where did it come from — that awful suggestion ? How did it arise ? In what way was it shaped ? From what sourco did it como— tho horriblo thought? It came outting through hor mind and all her agitation in a moment as if it had been flung into her soul from outside. It came like a flash of light ning, like an arrow, liko a pointed dart that out into tho flesh. It was not thoro ono moment, and the noxt it was thero, dominating all tho commotion, penetrating all tho fevor nnd the tumult— nraoator thought. Sho drove along tho country roads in the corner of hor carriage, seeing nothing — through tho noonday sunshine and tho Bhado of tho trees, through villages and by corn fields whero tiio storing of the harvest had begun, and hoard nothing and noticod nothing. At last she pulled tho string strongly and told tho coachman not to goto Ridding but in tho other dircotion to another little town, to a certain house whero she had a call to make. And she mado tho call, and oame out of tho house while tho coachman was Walking his horses up and down, and went into the chief street of tho place, and mado a few, purchases, then returned to tbe house of her friend and got into tho brougham and drova home. Tho coach man had not been a wore that sho had dono any thing but come out of the house where she had been calling when ho drew up. And . lio drove home very quiokly, having himsolf como out before his dinnor hour, a thing that -did not pleaso him. Lctitia was very pale whop sho came home and tired with her long drive, but she cat her luncheon and did not again shut her self from her family — nor did sho avoid speaking of Liar. She wont to look at him after she had rested a little. "But I soo vory littlo difference," sho said. "Ho seems to mo just as ill as ever, too weak to move, and scarcely opening his oyes." "But tho fover is gone," they all cried together. Lotitia shook her head. " 1 hope the doctor -was not mistaken," Bho said. Her words throw a cold chill upon the household after the dolight of the morning. But that was all "Missis was always ono to take the worst viow. of every thing," tho eook remarked, to - whom ' the undyniablo proof of improvement which Mar. had shown by swallowing liis. chioken broth was a proof that nocdcd no confirmation. Sho sent up a little of the same broth to Mrs. Parke, hearing that sbo had a" hcadnoho, and rceoircd a message back to the effect that tho soup was very good and that it must bo kept always going, always ready, as tho young gentleman was ablo to take it. ." But I'll try him with a bit of chioken to-morrow, no' moro slops, " said, tho oook. Thus, though sho shook her head and owned that she was not herself so hope ful m Dr, Barker, 'Letitia aanotloaed more or less tbo satisfaetion of tho household, and spont tho afternoon in a legitimate way. Sho was frightfully pale, and eomplninod of a headaohe, whieh sho partly attributed to fatiguoand partly to tho sun. Yet she saw one or two people who called, and explained Mar.'s eondition to thom: "Presumably so muoh hotter," sho said, " but I foar, I fear tho doctor takes too sanguino a viow. A week hence, if all is well — But," she said, " tho strain of suspenso is terrible, almost worao than anything that is certain." Thcro wero people who saw her that day who declarod afterwards that thoy could not under stand why it was said of Mrs. Parko that sho had uo heart Why, if there ever was a woman who felt deeply, it was Sirs. Parko. Thosusponao about her poor nephew and liis long illness had worn her toashadow ; it had nearly killed hor — cspeoially as, poor thing, sho was not one who took a olioorful viow. Letitia paid several visits in tho evening to the sick room, or to tho ante room conncotcd with it, aftor tho night nursn had begun her duty. Tho other attendant was not in sympathy ;with tiie mistress of tho houso ; but sho stood with the night nurso at the door of tho room and pcorcd at Mar., and tiicy mutually shook their heads and gave cnoli othor meaning looks. " I wish I oould seo him with Nurso Robinson's eyes," the attendant said, and Mrs. Parko re plied with a sigh that sho hoped most earnestly the dootor was not mistaken. " For I see no dif ference, nurse. "And neither do I, ma'am," said tho gloomy woman. Sho paused for a mo- men, and thon sho added in a whisper, " I've no business to Interfere, hut I can't bear to scoyou looking so pale. I do wish, Mrs. Parke, that you would go to Bed." "I thought the some of you, nurse," said Mrk. Parke, " indeod I wanted to offer to sit up naif the night to let you havo a littlo rest."' " Thank you vory much, but I must keop to my post," the woman said. "Then you must lot mo givo you somo of my cordial," said Mre. Parko. "I havo an old mixture that has been in the family for a long time. You must take a littlo of it from my band ; it will strcngthou you." There was a littlo argument ovor this, all whisporod at tho door of Mar.'s room, and at last the nurso oonsontod. Sho was bo touched that when Letitia camo back carrying tho drink, she ventured to givo Mrs, Parko a timid kiss, and to any, " Dear lady, I wish you would go to bed yourself and get a good rest. It is almost more trying when ono begins to hope, nnd you are frightfully pnlc." Letitia took the kiss in very good part (for the nurso was a lady), and promised to go and' rest. It was stiff early, tho household not yot settled to the quiet of tho night, and John hnd not como upstairs, so that there was no body to note Lctitia's movements, who wont and enme through the half lit corridor in a dark dressing gown and with a noiseless foot, stealing from her own room to that of the patient. She lmd made this littlo pilgrim- ago soveral times, whon, listening in the ante room, sho heard at last tho heavy regular breath ing of thoattendant in Mar.'s room, which proved to hor that what she intendod iiad como to pass. Letitia paused for a momont outside tho door. Sho was a littlo, light woman, still slim, even thin, as in her youngor days. Sho movod like a ghost, making no sound ; but when she perceived that all was ready for her purpose, there was somothing that almost botrayed her, and that was the labouring, gasping breath of excitomont, which it was all sho oould do to keop down. Her lungs, her heart, wore so strained by tho effort to be calm, that her hur ried respiration camo liko tho breath of a furn- nacc, hot and interrupted. She stood holding onto tho framework of tho door, looking' in from tho comparative light of tho room in which she stood to tho shaded room in whioh Msr. lay, with tho light faffing upon tho tablo by liis bedside, where were his drinks and medicines— snd faintly upon tho white pillow with tho dark head sunk upon it, in a ghostly stiffness. Tho nurse sat in an easy chair behind, out of tho light, with hor head 'fallen back, wrapped in sloep, breathing regu larly and doop. Letitia stood and watohod for a wholo long minuto, which might havo beon a year, peering with her white and ghastly face, liko a visible spirit of evil. IVhon slio had a littlo subdued tho panting of hor heart sho pushed tho door noiselessly, and stolo into tho room. Sho kopt her eyes upon tho sleeping nurse, ready to draw back if sho should movo ; but that was tho only interruption Lotitia feared. Sho had loft the door open for hor own\Bafo retreat. It had ' not occurred to her" that anyone could follow bohind hor. Sho wont ovor to tho bedside to tho tablo on which the ' light foil. And then' slio stood still again for anothor terriblo momont. Did 'licr lioart fail licr, did any hand of graoe hold -hor back? Sho might havo dono what she had to do throe times ovor white site stood thcro with ono hand upon hor bioast keeping down her panting breath. Then she put hor right hand for a momont ovor the glaBs with the milk that stood ready, the drink for the sick boy. That was all. It was tbo affair of a momont. She might havo dono it in tho nurses' prcsonoe, and no ono would havo been tho wiser. When Bho hnd dono it she made a step backward, .meaning to pass away as she hod come. But instead of moving freely through tbo opon nir sho came suddenly against something, soma ouo, who stood bohind, nnd who grasped without a word her. oionehed right hand. Lctitia's labor ing heart leaped as if it would have burst out of her breast. Thcro came from Iter n choked and horriblo sound, not a ory, for Hhc durst not cry, Sho kopt hor souses, her consciousness, by a terrible offort. No! whoever it was, if it was John, hor husband, if it was ono of her children who had discovered hor in this awful moment — whoever it was, sho would not fall down there at Mar.'s bedside like a murderer caught in tho not. No ! out of the room, at least, out of tho scono — somewhere, where thoy might kill hor if they pleased, but not there — not thero ! ' Hora she who had soizod her from bohind strotohed a hand over her shoulder and took tho milk from tho tabio, and then the two figures in a straugo, noiseless, mingling, half struggle, half accord passed from the darkoncd room into tho light, and looked in a horror, beyond words, into onoli other's faces. And then all tho forces of solf control could no longer restrain itho affrighted heart-stricken ory— "Mary!" whiah camo from Lctitia's dry lips. , j . (To he continual.) ' 