Thkek will be no lack of candidates st the General Elections. Already active canvassing is going on in some of the country districts, and although the Elections cannot take place for at least £v8 months, the campaign is being entered upou with spirit. For Delor&ine; three candidates are ac Qou&oed;, and for Morven four aspirants are already in the field, whilst from other country electorates rumor* of a plethora of candidates are life. Parliament must meet in June, and consequently the Elections cannot be put off later than May, and will, we fear, be hurried on at the last in oonse quence of the Federal Convention. The Convention meets early in March, and will probably last five or six weeks if the various representatives are io earnest. Should this be so the Elec tions must either take place during the absence of the Federal delegates, or immediately after their return, thus placing them at a decided disadvantage. There can be little doubt that the labors of the Convention will extend over a considerable time. The meeting of upwards of fifty of the best Parliamentarians in Australasia, with the object of creatiog a Federal Parliament and Federal Government, and, whilst bestowing a governing power ou the Federal body, defining and distinctly specifying the amount of autonomy to be retained by the various Colonial Parliameute, Governments, a'.d people, is a work which will test to the very utmost the patriotism and ?statesmanship of the delegates. We understand that a proposal will be made to relegate the Tariff question to the Federal Parliament. This would undoubtedly relieve the Convention of one of the chief difficulties ; but we fear that many of the delegates would | objcct to binding their Colonies to a j Federation without having discussad, j and to some extent decided, the Tariff question as affecting the intercolonial I trade. Such questions as those of tbe j Tariff ;. the inu-oductaon of cheap and | colored labor ; the defence of Au»- 1 tnUasja ; tbo establishment of pee Lai . aud telegraphic services, both inter- ! colonial and foreign ; the manner in | which the Federal revenue is to be obtained, afford ample pabulum for ' weeks of tbe most careful considera tion. To rush headlong into an uncon - , tddered bond will inevitably lead to diecord and ultimate disunion amongst States which have for so long preserved such perfect State autonomy as those of Australia. It may therefore, we think, be fairly assumed that tbe Convention will not terminate — if the delegates are really in earnest in their attempts to create an Australian Federaliou — until well into May, and as the Tas manian Parliament must meet before tbe end of June it will be seen that there will be very little tame between the close of the Federal Convention and tbe opening of the Tasmania^ Parliament. Had it been possible it would have been advisable to hold the Elections before the Convention as sembles, but the Amended Electoral Rolls do not come into opezatfou until April. It is evident that there will be great interest taken in the coming Elections, and it is to be feared that there wjil be a ' division in the camp' unless some organisation is introduced into the campaign. The one question which will be fought out will be that of Pro tection versus Free Trade. The Pro- j tectionjsts are the active party on tbe ; present oocaaion, and it behoves the | leaders to introduce some system in | order to prevent the splitting of the votes which is now threatened in ; several districts. In Deloraine for I instance, two new candidates have publicly announced themselves as Pro tectionists, thus splitting the yotee of the party and opening the door for the return of the Freetrader. In Morven there are no leas than four Protec tionists already in the field, which will doubtless be taken advantage of by a Free Trade candidate. The Westbury men are on the right taqk. They are organising, and there will be presented an unbroken front of Protectionists when tbe Elections come off should a compromise with the sitting member not be effected. We would urge on the leading men of Morven, Deloraine, and other Protectionist constituencies to follow the example of Westbury. Liet a strong and representative Elec toral Committee be appointed, whose duty it will be to select a suitable can didate, and then run him straight. If the Protectionists split up at the ! coming Elections they will be in- ' viting inevitable defeat, and will ensure tbe continuance of the existing hybrid tariff for an indefiuite period ; but if tbey show an united front and cast a solid vote at the coming Elec tions they will, without the slightest , doubt, carry tbe seats tbzoughout - the country districts all along the line. Should there be, however, a want of organisation, then there will be a dis organized scramble for seats amongst Protectionist candidates, which will inevitably lead to the defeat of the party as a whole. There is yet ample time for the appointment qF Com mittees in the country districts, who, working in unison, and on a definite system, will reduoe what threatens to be a series of individual cont&ts; pergonal struggles into a properly organised electioneering campaign, in which the candidates will represent the platform on which they Btand, and will carry the undivided support of the full 'strength of the Protectionist party. To the Protectionists in the various electorates we would fiay;— Organise your party, and you can carzy the majority of the seats ; split your .votes, *tid you are courting defeat. : Thx splendid returns from the bulk assays ol tbe Silver Queea Silver Mining Company should silence forever thoea croikers who predicted -that the w West Coast galena was low grade ore!' The fall A Kuree are given in o^r mining .columns, and It is only necessary here to state that 11 tons of kaolin aoayed 432oc ot silver and 17 per cent, lead per ton ; 13 tons galena eioz silver 60 p&r; cent.lead ; 96 tons of -carbonate 216ot feilver 37 per cent. lead. This mama a monetary retona from the , kaolin ' . of £68 Bs in silver par' ton, and in lead about £2 1*6, a total of £89 3s, per ton, equalling about 25oz of gold per conj The ' iS tous galena assayed 8I{oi silver aud 60 per cent, lead, worth — silver £16 fie, and lead £7 per ton, equalling above Qof of gold. The 26 tons of cttbooate assayed 216oz silver, worth £43 per ton. and 37 per oent. lead, worth about £3 15s per ton, equalling about 12oz of gold ! These are really splendid figures, and we f.Mwk it may be fairly said that the future of the Western Silver Fields is now placed beyond all doubt, and that Tasmania pos ?ewee one of the most promising mineral fields In the whole world. ' t. It is satisfactory to find that atlaatthe business men of lAUBoestoo are awakening to the necessity of obtaining a_ more rapid and continuous trade between Launceston and the Western Silver Fields, via Mac quarie Harbor. We have for months been endeavoring to -induce our public men to eecure before it was too late a share of the I Weet-Coasttxade»and we congratulate those I who are now moving in tills direction. Although the capital has a grasp on tbe ' trade at present, there is really so reason why Launoeston should not secure a por tion of this most flourishing portion of our commerce, and especially is this so as the trade is only in itu infancy. Where pounds of goods are now landed at Strahan tons wiU be discharged in the near future, and ! where units now travel as psssengere. ' eoores will, in a few months, take .the sea | trip between Hobart and Laonoeeton and Strahan. It Is earnestly to be hoped that , having put their hands to the plough, those forming the deputation to the chair i man of the U.S. Company, yesterday, wiU not look back. I P a RT.T a fBHTAaY.— In our advertising columns Mr Frank Archer, of Landfall, | announces his intention to contest tbe seat for Selby in the House of Assembly I with the present member, Mr W. Side* bottom. Mr Archer states he is in favor of ' the federation of the colonies, oa adjust* i ment of colonial finances, judicious re \ trench ment, of railways, estab* : lishment of a public works committee, ; etc. The candidate announces be will shortly visit the various parts of the dis trict.— Mr Norman Cameron in our adver tising columns issues an address to the electors of Deloraine dealing with the an nounced candidature of Mr Caleb J, Smixb for that constituency in relation to him self, Gbnbbax. Booth's Book.— We have re ceived per favor of the local branch depot of the Salvation Army a copy of General Booth's book, '? In Darkest England, and the Way Out.' The details of General Booth's scheme, and the immensely favorable reception the book has com. manded in all quarters, have already been exteusively alluded to in these columns. A remark of General Booth with reepeot to tbe class of men he would send to the colonies should surely dUpel any misappre hension that may exist as to flooding them with undesirable immigrants. He says— ' No man would be sent across the sea whom tbey did not believe to b-i truthful and honest, and who had not proved that he was industrious and amenable to discipline, and that he had the qualities which would make him useful in the colony.' Fees Bbigads Board. — The usual monthly meeting ot the Fire Brigade Board was h»ld yesterday afternoon in the secretary's office, when there were present —Messrs. H. Weed on (chairman), 3, J. Sutton (Mayor), H. Edgeil, F. Ferguson. F. E Littler (secretary), and H. BonneJ (superintendent of brigade.) A letter was read from the Totvn Clerk intimating the appointment by the City Council of Alder m&o; D. Scott to the place of Mr B. P. FerreUy, retired. Mr J. W. Campbell wrote gi ving authority for the superintend dent to incpect the Cubtoms House hose when necessary. A lar^e amount of cor respondence was read in the matter of the recent fire at Mr D. Ingles' premUes in the Quadrant, and in reference to his alleged refusal to allow the superintendent of the brigade to ascertain whether the fire was extinguished or not. aud also upou the sobject of a reported refusal of one of the city constables to assist the superintendent when upon. A lengthy discussion ensued upon the powers conferred upon the chief of the brigade by Act of Parliament, and a deter mination was expressed to uphold that officer in hie efforts to perform his duties. The report of the superintendent me then read recording tbe fires which had taken place since the last meeting of the board. In reference to the fire which lately con sumed Messrs. J. and T. Gunn'e hut, 3n the east side of Windmill Bftt, the absence of fire-plugs in that neighborhood was com mented upon, and it was decided the chair man should confer with the superintendent of waterworks upon the question. A vote of thanks to that officer tot supplying a plan of the city and water-mains was passed. It was reeoWed to convey a vote of thanks to Mr B. P. Fairelly on the occa sion of his retirement for his valuable ser vices rendered to the board. Accounts to the amount of £103 lOg 4d were passed for payment, and permission having been granted for the brigade to takepart in the forthcoming Chinese carnival in aid of the funds of the City and Suburbs Improve ment Association, the ousiness of the meeting terminated. ' Th* M kssiah.' — The final rehearsal for performance of 'The Me&jiah;' uke* place to-morrow night at tbe Pavilion. . On Friday night Mr Charles Turner will sing 'Comfort ye,' ?? Every valley,' ' But thou didlst not leave,1 '. and 'Thou ehalt break them' The aria, 'But thou did's; 1 not leave,' was originally written for soprano, and usually was thought one of the weaker numbers of this sublime work until on one occasion Mr Sims Beeves it, when it was an instanlaueous success, and ever since it is always allotted to the tenor, for which voice it is really better suited. Our musical amateurs are looking forward with great expectation to Miss Montague's rendering of 'jiejoics greatly,' one of tl)e best pieces of an or*$ 'rio for ex hibiting a singer's capabilities. MissJMbu (ague will, of course, also eing ' I know that my Redeemer Hreth.' The other solos are in most capable hands, and everything points to a musical treat which it is rarely our privilege to enjoy. A Chcbch foe Hampdbn.— The laige population so fast increasing in that rapidli growing euburb (Hampden) has suggested the need of a church, and to supply this want tenders will be immediately called for the erection of one for the Primitive Metbodii-t body in Mulgrsve-street. Ihe dimensions of the proposed strunure— 30ft by 25ft— at first sight sppear unduly pro portioned, but this measurement has been adopted in view of iensthening the building when an enlarged population will render tnat step necessary. As a model the Bap tist Church at Bracknell has been chosen, aud the cost is estimated at about £200 Bluestone and brick pillars will support the building, which will be lined with pine with weatherboards of the same material and furnished with a porch with two entrances and folding doOiS. City Poijcb Coub.il— The Bench ws» occupied yesterday by .Mr A. W. Birch *11, J P., who remanded Thomas Connors, aged ?2, for a week upon a charge of stealing a writing desk containing money and otter articles of value, the property of Margaret Jane Dawson. {In the c«se reported in yesterday's issue, for which John Elton was sentenced to three months' imprison ment for stealing £4 from John nnii.n.. the robbery was at the MTamar,'- not the ' Terminus ' Hotel.J . Bbktu. — A mUot tukhikI WilheJm Jacob was arrested by the police yesterday, charged with having deserted from the barque Peruvian, on which fas was an articled reaman. He will be brought before the Beach at the Poiioe Court this | morning, 1 Assaulting t&b; Poltcb.— Last night a man named Thomas Jonas was arrested for using ob«ceue language in tbe Dublin streets, whilst being conveyed to tbe Police Station he £ucoee4ed in assaulting Conetabie Roe. He will have to answer to I the Police Magistrate thU morning for his conduct. I Tn* Rxokkt AssA ot* at thb Wba*e —Yesterday tbe police arrested a man named Elijah Wittshire. alleged to be con nected with the assault made upon - aptain Bennett and others ou Christmas Day morning at the Queeu'e Wharf. There are now four men in prison charged with having committed the assault. Excubsion Fabbs Bbtwbbr Hob ast Aim' sYDttmv —We are advised by the lexsd agents for Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co. that the excursion fares on the' iiobart-Sydney line have been fixed as fojlowa: -Saloon— Stogie, £2- return, £3. Forecabln— £1 each way, to ^mtufpcc tbi next trip of the ss, 'Blingamite, leaving Hobart about the 16th inst, 1 Concbbt ar PBKQ-uiK.-Oar correspon dent reports : —A oouoert in aid ol tbe funds of the feifle Hall took place in the hall on , - Saturday night, be lore a good audience. ^ The proeoenium had been decorated in a very tasty and suitable manner by Capt. H G. Brown and Corporal W. Brown. Ihe first nart of the programme consisted jqf the, u£uaT~b&^tc62^cird.ebuidnaF8lthacoRieES~ -taiqg.-'tuled --by 'MeBsrl/ J. Bruce, beoV (Tambo) and J. Bruce, tan., -Bones); Mr' Wttbtter'etiU occupying hlsolS position as ' M&ssa; Johnson,' MessrKfW^^pinks and G. Brown jloing.good settee as. ^olinlste. ProceedingSjBammBticed wi&jah;: opening choraat^Lw^^aadgrow^lttr^iillich was well rendered, 'and succeeded in putting' tbe audience in good humor, judging by. the applause accorded the item: * White Wings,' by Mr W. Hall, was well sung, and weJl merited the applauBe it gained. . ** Me and Martha' Ann,' by Bones, want well, fend wat£followed by ' Notine Mahseen^.by, Mr Wade, receiving a decided encore, which was responded to by jrepeatingoneverse.^tie next item, ' Basors in d6 air,' was given in rambo'6 best style, and met with hearty ap plause. ' America's Emblem, the iviolet,', was billed to be euug by banjo (Mr W^ Brown), but as he 'was indispoeed, ?» Jdhn bon' sang it in a manner which won hefcrty applause. V Angelina Baker,' by Boms, was the next item, also well received; ^fol^ lo.red by ?* Elsie of the glen,' by ' John Son,' who recaved an encoie for his rendi tion of this pretty song. . ' The nig that's alius laughin,' by tambo, was amusing, especially the finale, in which a ghost and tambo figured prominently, to .the great, merriment of the audienoe. After a short interval the second part opened with en inBtrumantal Jxio by Messrs. 6 pinks aad G^ Brown (violins), and C. Webster (ooocer-; tins), which had to be repeated in response to a unanimous demand, and only narrowly escaped a second encore. An' ** ex plosive * farce, *' Nitroglycerine,' by Messrs. Bruce (2), Hall, and Stott roused the risible faou.oee of the audaence to their utmost extent. Mr Webster, was very successful in a song, ' Come down and open the door; love,' as was also Mr tsrenaan in his step dancing. The next item should have henn a stump oration, but from soms unknown cauee ' Brudder Stanton' did not turn up. The entertainment concluded with an original plantation scene in two acts, in which u Climbing up the golden atair,' v Put on the golden sword' (localised), aud 44 Going home to Dixie' were well rendered b- the lull strength of the company. A ver*e of tbe National Anthtm by the com pany concluded a pleasant entertainment, and resulted in adding over £6 to the funds of the hall. ~ Miss Dale plsyeA the accom paniments in her usual able manner, thus greatly aftsistir^g ** The Penguins' in pro-' ducing such pleasing harmony, the choruses being especially very effectively re 'lend. Guadstorb.- — Our correspondent leports: —New lears' Day is the pioasauieat in the 12 months fwmrtrons and tihlldtfcn as the children's treat and general picnic is then held. Mr U. Haxvey, who as ueual under-' took tbe work of .conducting the children's feporte^ yrith the aassistance of Mr £ ram by and other willing hands, carried out the sports programme in a must effective manner. t The luual supply of. toy^ bats and wicks t#, dolls, ?&, wi^oampeted for insachamannar that 1 betibveevaey child on the ground got a price. In addition a Launceston draper sent a half-goiuea hat M be competed for, the winner of an egg and epoon race to be the possessor of the coveted treasure. Tte catering was fall tnat could be desired, aud when 1 say that it was in the bauds of the Mioses Dickon- 1 son it is sufficient guarantee that all that ! was necetsary for euccess was done. A I concert in the evening closed a very pleasant j dayfor many, whiUt for others a dance ! carried oat in e most thorough meuner j was their wind up. Ihe sum of £2 14s was ' handed over to the trustees of the ? own 'Hall ub the nett proceeds of the entertain* ment. | Ikstantanbous Photos.— We have re- 1 ceived from Mr b. Spuiling, photographer, I some excellent photos taken at the recent j -3t. Leonard's sports by Mr Stysnt Brown by 'the instantaneous process. Several I photos were taken daring the trie] of | hunters, the hordes being ' got' whilst in I the air, alighting, or rising to the jump. | The plates have been excellently developed I by Mr Sparling, and are a really good criterion of the Instantaneous process. ' Evarbaul — Our correspondent 'reports s —At the Police Court last week, before the Warden, Mr A Youl, and Mr J. L. Smith, William Welsh and John Nelson were charged with disturbing the peace, and ifere ' each fined 10s and cofits.— Ftank Webber, who accidently shot one of his fingers off the left hand and injured his thumb on New Year's Day, is doing as well as can be expected.'— We may fairly say that the holidays are now over and business peqpie have settled down to their nsual employment.— T^e reaping machines are at work on several farms. I notice that Mr Bryan is giving his threshing machines a ?;eneral overhaul so that they may be ready or use and let the fanners know exactly how their year's labor has resulted. There are some poor hay crops in this district.— On Sunday last the anniversary of the .Sandsy-fcchool in connection with St. Auartw & tangucan; unorcb was cele brated, when two excellent sermons were preached fcy the incumbent, the Rev. H. D. Itklnion, who took' Tor* his text in the morning the 12tb. and 13th yertee of the 148th Psalm. At this service there was only a moderate attendance on account of the unfavorable state of tbe weather. At tbeevehing service fchecbnrfih was crowded, the Wesley an and Presbyterian Churches being cJpsed to allow the congregations the opportunity of hearing the Rev. Mr Atkin son preach. Tbe text chosen was tbe 12-h verse of the 20th chapter of Exodus, and I from which an excellent discourse was de | livered. Collections were taken up at each I service in aid of the school fqnd. The I children and the teach era sang special hymns under the leadership of MUs Atkin son, the organ being presided over by Miss AdaBryajj . The tphool treat will be given in the pavilion on Wednesday next, and to which a free invitation is given to alL yesterdays —At the Latrobe Police Court this taxbrnisg, before Meseri. P. C. MaxwelL F.M:,-Anj 'J. M. Dooloy,- J.P.j the charges against Thomas C Buck of stealing a cheque valued at £5, the property of John Dick, and drawn by W. Gadsby in Dick's favor, and of obtaining £2 from A H. Young cf tbe Railway Hotel, by means of a valueless cheque, were proceeded with. The accused called several witnesses in his I defence, but after healing the evidence be 1 ws fully committed for trial on -both | charges At tbe accused was fully com mitted upoa another but similar informa tion lafct Tuesday, he now has three Charges against him. The Bench agreed to allow bail, accused in his own recog nisance of £25 and two sureties of £25 each in tech case. Bail was not forth coming. One witness named James Carey, summoned on behalf of the ac cased, failed to appear, aad the Bench ordered a warrant to be issued for fata arrest for contempt of Court.— Everything seems to promise'weJl in connection with the IaduBtriU, Horticultural, and Poultry Exhibition, which it is proposed to hold here about tbe end of April, aud numerous promisee xjf 'support have been received already,— Election ec ring matters are at tracting a lot of attention on all 'rides, and ! numerous are Hhs : candidates that are I mentioned as -probable ; meanwhile, how I ever, the^'£etive partisans of the known candidates are putting their right foot foremost and starting while the hon is hot, and thus securing many a^prbmise that later off might not be -0 ea^y obtained— Matters bq cricket circled are somewhat quiet, aod on Saturday last the local eleven did not have a match, but on the coming t Saturday th^ Latrobp' aofl _ Dbn eaniMfe)efveasare otyse imbre- to $dpibitiie. thtsjnme at the Don^Tho Mcen+. 'High winds have done some damsge to t'.e fruit, but the rain of yesterday will be very thankfully received, as vegetation was banning So/to pk very thlrety.— Iha bay. BiAja'g has commenced, awl, so far as cm be seen, the yields will be about au average. Opthalutc — Tije Hon. W. H. Rob«rts, M.LC, wh? recently contracted optbslraic symptoms through wiping his eyes on a towel at one of tbe leading hotels in Melbourne, is (says the Melbourne Herald) progresstagas'evorabiyascen be expected. He is being treated by two medical men who fca^A ma-le eye disease a speciality Tbe sight of one eye, unfo-tunately, is irrecoverably gone, but it is hoped Mr Roberts-witl retain the othv. , ,.y. J Rie Longford Qouunl ootiea of their | far a loan of £8600 a£ ^ per oaot, pqr . no rats security, ~' SuDDiir Dbath , — There occurred yester day afternoon a very sudden death in Chariee-stmet, near to the State school. Mr Frederick Thomas Munton, between 60 aud 70 years of age, a resident of George-street, and . wall known for many years as a journeyman tailor in city, was coming down the £&e0fr; pnjri* jcetum from the Hos pital, wherehe has been treated for a short tame past as an, out-patient- When oppo agunst^ke nllings at the side otUtrot-i path, and-tiieafito faiiio ;the ground' Upon a passer-by raising him and seating, him upoti the pavement, he remained motion] e&e; fdf a few minutes, and then' with a slight eigh expired. Dr. Holmes, who waain the 'neighborhood, yras requi sitioned, and upqq examination prtmotujiced life to be extinctr.and stated his beliel that, heart disease was tbe cause of death. Codbt of Rbqobsxb.'-A sihorteittingof the £10 Courts Bequests was held yveter day in the Court Houe**., betore Mr .Oom-.i missioned -Waterhouse. Three Cfuot'Vete denlt with, two were udjou/iityi till the' February Court, and one wae e^uck put.' LARRIKINISM IN MELBOURNE.—THE people of Melbourne are apt to boast of the orderly conduct of the populace when as sembled in numbers. Drunken men are scarce, while there is an air of orderliness and Sobriety not to be seen in .any other city in the world. Those good folks who hold this belief would have received a rude shock had they visited Brighton Beach last Boxing Day, says Life. No more disgrace ful scene was ever witnessed in Her Majesty's dominions than was seen there. Girls of tender years, from 13 upwards, were reeling about in a state of beastly drunkenness all over .the place. Not a few, but scores ; aye, hundreds of them ; while larrikins of the vilest type assisted' at the orgie. Police there were none, or practically none, a requisition to the authorities producing ' only an addi tional one to the few local members of the force. Of course, they were unable to cope with the evil, simply to look on. We trust that, in the .interests of morality, the same will not be allowed to occur on any future holiday, for the scenes that were witnessed on Boxing Day were a disgrace to our boasted civilisation. Savages could not have behaved worse. THE RESULT OF THE RECENT STRIKES. — An interesting report by Mr J. Burnett, labor correspondent to tbe Board of Trade, on the strikes that occurred last year in England, has just been issued. From this it appears that in 1B89 strikes took place in SI&4 establishments. As in 1888, and due to the 8am e reason— namely, a rising labor market— 67 per cent, of tne strikes were due to claims for advanced waged, although in some cases there were other points of dispute also involved. Of those for advance in wages, 463 per cent, were successful. 1 The proportion of those partially success' fill was 31*5 per cent.; 107 pet cent, were j not at all successful, and the ' results were I unknown in the remaining strikes. Oi Lhe ' finuC'sl aspects of strikes 6 jme interesting 1 particaldM are given. Taking 597 of the , strikes, the loss of wages is estimated at I £652.000, while the loss to each individual I would be a little over £3 Ss. For 930 of | the strikes the loss for the 344,840 persons engaged is taken at £1,122600. In 216 I instances it is shown by employers whose j men have been oh strike that the value of I fixed capita] laid idle was £14.450.962; I while in 169 instances the rateable value of l property iaid idle was £268,684. In 233 I strikes the estimated outlay caused for laying down and 're-opening lhe works on strike was £169,2151 On the other hand, the returns sent in by trade unions show thai in 362 strikes the amount expended in support of meu by strike committees or trace unions was £63,036. Tbe returns also show that in 446 strikes the weekly wages earned before the stoppages amounted in the aggregate to £153504; while the estimated loss of wages in 292 of j these strikes was £294.176. 