TURNED TO STONE. The people in tha Eastern portion of Claiborne County, Tenn., are excited over a remarkable occurrence which took place there not long ago: It is one of the most marvellous occurrences ever heard of, and it will prove to be a problem over which scientific mindsmay wrestle for some time to come. Edgar Ramsey is a farmer who lives five miles from Lick Skillet. He arrived in 3Middlesboro recently. The story he told would not find believers at first, but since then it has been proved that he has told nothing but the truth. His statement is thus reported by a correspondent of the St. Louis GloP.e Democrat : 'Last Sunday afternoon I noticed what appeaaed to be a large green look ing cloud coming from a westerly direc tion towards my house. It was a long distance off, and the rain was falling heavily. Shortly afterwards it became very cold, in fact so cold that I went indoors, lit a big fire and put on a big heavy coat. When I came out again the big green cloud was almost over the house, and the air was as cold as on a winter day. The wind howled and the hail fell in stones as big as eggs. All this lasted twenty minutes, and then the sky cleared up and I felt more like myself again. * An hour after I was sitting with my wife near the fire when I heard a horse galloping at full speed, and when I went out to see who it was there stood Jake Warren, a neighbour farmer who lives about a mile and a quarter from me. He was as pale as a ghost and was trembling all over. It took him over ten minutes to commence to tell me what he had to say, and as he was talking I thought lie was crazy. ' He stated that a big green cloud had came over his place, and that some thing which looked like balls of fire had fallen all round his house. He had fire acres of corn growing in a field next to the house. After the storm had cleared away lie went to see what damage had been done- He saw that some corn had been blown down, and entering the field, he found every stalk turned to stone. There were two fine hogs in the field, and they, too, were petrified and standing thereas if cut out of solid rock. Myself and wife thought the man was raving mad, but induced him to remain over till morning, when we promised to visit his place with him. That we did, anl what we saw will he remembered so long as both live- There was the corn blown down, but every stalk of it was petrified. It was not as hard as granite, but it appeared to be more like soft stone. I took my knife and cut it, and it became powder. The ears were very hard, and they could not be broken with the hand. The leaves were brittle, and if you struck them they would break like glass. The hogs were there, too, looking natural enough, but they were as hard as stone. George E. Henry, of this city, John Rogers, Captain John B. Hull, ex deputy marshal, and several others rode over the mountains into Tennessee to see for themselves if the things were really there as represented. Captain t Hulls ex-United Statesdeputy marshal, I makes the following statement: 'We went over this morning. I doubted the story on starting, but thought I'd try it, anyhow. We found Warren's farm about seven miles fronm the Gap, and there sure enough, was the corn-field completely petrified. The stalks were somewhat blown down, but they seemed completely turned to stone. The two hogs were there also, and they looked like they were carved out of rock. It was the strangest sight I ever saw, and I can't hegin to describe the thing. There were a number of men. guarding the field with Winchester rifles and they wouldn't let us go into it. They only let us go to the fence. We could touch some of the corn stalk, and could see the Ihogs, but the men re fused positively to let us go any further than the fence. The women wouldn't say why they would not let people go into the field, but I presume they were afraid people weaould break the corn stalks to pieces. There was quite a crowd there looking at the thing, and every one was thoroughly dumbfounded C with what they saw.' b This statement is vouched for by a number of others. 