THE SOUTH SEAS. By ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. Author of "Treasure Island," "Kidnapped, "The Strange Story of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde," &c.; PART II.—LOW ISLANDS. CHAPTER XXVI.—(Continued.) A step beyond Hookena a wooden house with two doors stands isolated in a field of broken lava, like ploughed land. I had ap- proached it on the night of my arrival and found it black and silent; yet even then it had inmates. A man and a woman sat there cap- tive, and the man had a knife, brought to him in secret by his family. Not long, perhaps, after I was by, the man, silencing by threats his fellow prisoner, cut through the floor and escaped to the mountain. It was known he had a comrade there, hunted on the same ac- count; and their friends kept them supplied with food and ammunition. Upon the mountains, in most islands of the group, similar outlaws rove in bands or dwell alone, unsightly hermits; and but the other day an officer was wounded while attempt- ing an arrest. Some are desperate fellows; some mournful women—mothers and wives; some stripling girls. A day or two, for instance, after the man escaped the police got word of another old offender, made a forced march, and took the quarry sitting, this time with little peril to themselves. For the outlaw was a girl of 19, who had been two years under the rains in the high forest, with her mother for comrade and accomplice. How does their own poet sing? In the land of distress My dwelling was on the mountain height, My talking companions were the birds, The decaying leaves of the Ki my clothing. It is for no crime this law-abiding race flee to the woods: it is no fear of the gallows or the dungeon that nerves themselves to resist and their friends to aid and to applaud them. Their liability is for disease; they are lepers, and what they combine to combat is not punish- ment, but segregation. While China and Eng- land and France in their tropical posses- sions either attempt nothing or effect little Hawaii has honorably faced the problem of this ancient and apparently reviving malady. Her small extent is an advantage; but the ruggedness of the physical character, the desert woods and mountains, and the habit of the native mind oppose success. To the native mind our medical opinions seem un- founded. We smile to hear of ghosts and gods; they when they are told to keep warm in fevers or to avoid contagion. Leprosy in particular they cannot be persuaded to avoid. But no mere opinion would exhalt them to resist the law and lie in forests, did not a ques- tion of the family bond embitter and exasperate the opposition. Their family affection is strong, but unerect; it is luxuriously self- indulgent, circumscribed within the passing moment, without provi- dence, without nobility, incapable of healthful rigor. The presence and the approval of the loved one, it matters not how purchased, there is the single demand of the Polynesian. By a natural consequence, when death intervenes, he is consoled the more easily. Against this undignified fervor of attachment, martial and parental, the law of segregation often heats in vain. It is no fear of the lazaretto; they know the dwellers are well used in Molokai; they receive letters from friends already there who praise the place, and, could the family be taken in a body, they would go with glee, overjoyed to draw rations from Government. But all cannot be come pensioners at once, a proportion of rate payers must be kept; and the leper must go alone, or with a single relative; and the native instinctively resists the separation as a weasel bites. A similar reluctance can be shown in Molokai itself. By a recent law, clean children born within the precinct are taken from their leper parents, sent to an intermediate hospital, and given a chance of life, and health and liberty. I have stood by while Mr. Meyer and Mr. Hutchinson, the luna and the sub-luna of the lazaretto, opened the petitions of the settle- ment. As they sat together on the steps of the guest house at Kalawao, letter after letter was passed between them with a sneer and flung upon the ground till I was at last struck with their cavalier procedure, and enquired the nature of the appeals. They were all the same; all from leper parents, all pleading to have their clean children retained in that abode of sorrow; and all alleging the same reason aloha nui nui—an extreme affection. Such was the extreme affection of Kaahumanu for Kani- honui, by which she indulged her wantonness in safety and he died. But love has a counte- nance more severe. The scenes I am about to describe, moving as they were to witness, have thus an element of something weak and false. Sympathy may flow freely for the leper girl; it may flow for her mother with reserve; it must not betray us into a shadow of injustice for the Govern- ment whose laws they had attempted to evade. I walked in a bright sun, after a grateful rain, upon the shore beyond Hookena. The breeze was of heavenly freshness, the surf was jubilant in all the caves; it was a morning to put a man in thought of the antiquity, the health, and cleanness of the earth. And behold: when I came abreast of the little pest house on the lava both the doors were open. In front a circle of some half a dozen women and children sat conspicuous in the usual bright raiment; in their midst was a crouch- ing and bowed figure, swathed in a black shawl and motionless; and as I drew more near I was aware of a continuous and high pitched drone of song. The figure in the midst was the leper girl; the song was the impro- visation of the mother, pouring out her sorrow in the island way. "That was not singing," explained the schoolmaster's wife on my re- turn, "that was crying!" And she sketched for me the probable tenor of the lament: "O, my daughter! O, my daughter, now you are going away from me, now you are taken away from me at last," and so on without end. The thought of the girl so early separated from her fellows—the look of her lying there covered from eyesight, like an untimely birth perhaps more than all, the penetrating note of the lament—subdued my courage utterly. With the natural impulse I began to seek some outlet for my pain. It occurred to me that after two years in the woods the family affairs might well have suffered, and in view of the transplantation, clothes, furniture, or money might be needful. I believe it was not done wisely, since it was gone about in igno- rance; I dare say it flowed from a sentiment no more erect than that of the Polynesians. I am sure there were many in England to whom my superfluity had proved more useful; but the next morning saw me at the pest house, under convoy of the schoolmaster and the policeman. The doors were again open. A fire was burning and a pot cooking on the lava, under the supervision of an old woman in a grass green sacque. This dame, who seemed more merry than refined, hailed me, seized me, and tried to seat me in her lap; a jolly and coarse old girl from whom, in my hour of sentiment, I fled with craven shrinking; to whom, upon a retrospect, I do more justice. The two lepers (both women) sat in the midst of their visitors, even the children (to my grief) torching them freely; the elder chatting at intervals—the girl in the same black weed and bowed in the same attitude as yesterday. It was painfully plain she would conceal, is possible, her face. Per- haps she had been beautiful; certainly, poor soul, she had been vain—a gift of equal value. Some consultation followed; I was told that nothing was required for outfit, but a gift in money, would be gratefully received; and this (forgetting I was in the South Seas) I was about to make in. silence. The confounded expression of the schoolmaster reminded me of where I was. We stood up, accordingly, side by side before the lepers; I made the necessary speech, which the schoolmaster translated sentence by sentence; the money (thus hallowed by oratory) was handed over and received; and the two women each re- turned a dry "Mahalo," the girl not even then exhibiting her face. Between 9 and 10 of the same morning the schooner, lay to off Hookena and a whaleboat came ashore. The village clustered on the rocks for the farewell; a grief perhaps—a per- formance certainly. We miss in our modern life those operatic consolations of the past. The lepers came singly and unattended; the elder first, the girl a little after, tricked out in a red dress and with a fine red feather in her hat. In this bravery, it was the more affecting to see her move apart on the rocks and crouch in her accustomed attitude. But this time I had seen her face; it was scarce horribly affected, but had a haunting look of an unfinished wood doll, at once expressionless and disproportioned: doubtless a sore spec- tacle in the mirror of youth. Next there appeared a woman of the middle life, of a swaggering gait, a gallant figure, and a bold, handsome face. She came swinging her hat, rolling her eyes and shoulders, visibly working herself up; the crowd stirred and murmured at her passage; and I knew without being told that this was the mother and protagonist. Close by the sea, in the midst of the specta- tors, she sat down and raised immediately the notes of the lament. One after another of her friends approached her. To one after the other she reached out an arm, embraced them down, rocked a while with them embraced, and passionately, kissed them in the island fashion, with the pressed face. The leper girl at last, as at some signal, rose from her seat apart, drew near, was inarmed like the rest, and with a small knot (I suppose of the most intimate) held some while in a general clasp. Through all the wail continued, rising into words and a sort of passionate declama- tory recitation as each friend approached, sinking again as the pair rocked together into the tremolo drone. At length the scene was over; the performers rose; the lepers and the mother were helped in silence to their places; the whaleboat was urged between the reefs into a bursting surge, and swung next moment without on the smooth swell. Almost every countenance about me streamed with tears. It was odd, but perhaps natural among a ceremonious, oratorical race, that the boat should have waited while a passenger publicly lamented on the beach. It was more odd still that the mother should have been the chief, rather the only actor. She was leaving indeed; she hoped to be taken as a Kokua, or clean assistant, and thus accompany her daughter to the settlement; but she was far from sure, and it was highly possible she might return to Kona in a month. The lepers, on the other hand, took leave forever. In so far as regarded their own isle and birthplace, and for their friends and families, it was their day of death. The soldier from the war returns, The sailor from the main; But not the sick from the gray island. Yet they went unheeded, and the chief part, and the whole stage and sympathy was for their travelling companion. At the time I was too deeply moved to criti- cise; mere sympathy oppressed my spirit. It had always been a point with me to visit the station if I could; on the rocks of Hookena the design was fixed. I had seen the depar- ture of lepers for the place of exile; I must see their arrival and that place itself. (To be Continued.) 