COUNTRY INTELLIGENCE. (FROM OUR OWN CORETIPONDENTS.) PENGUIN. Influenza is still rampant, although fresh cases are not so numerous. Still, those who are now suffering from it have it in a far worse form than those who made its acquaintance earlier in the year. Two or three on the township are dangerously ill. The concert given under the manage ment of Mr Herle, surveyor, resulted in nil being handed to the cricket club, the expenses swallowing up the whole of the proceeds. Great interest is being taken in the annual flower show, which is to be held in the Rifle Hall on the 9th inst. The Burnie Band has been engaged,and altogether the show promises to eclipse anything of the kind hitherto held here. The Penguins are to the fore as usual, as at an early date they intend giving one of their first-class entertainments in aid of the Horticultural Society's funds. Local peds are busily engaged training for the various sports on the Coast during the Christmas holidays. A movement is afoot to have our annual Boxing Day's sports some distance up the Iron Cliff road, instead of as hitherto having them on the west beach. If this is carried out it will have the effect of dividing the picnic, which always takes place on the same day, into two parties. The people living in the township might visit the sports up the Iron Cliff (but even this is doubtful), but the Pine road and Sulphur Creek people will not in any case go into the bush to enjoy themselves, but will be certain to go to the beach for their annual outing, as it is no treat to them to spend their time as they do all the rest of the year, away from the sea. Those directly interested might do well to consider this before finally deciding to go off the township. Mr Asthon has just had completed by Mr S. Griffiths, at a cost of between £60 and £70, a magnificent pleasure yacht. which for looks cannot be equalled on this coast. She In built of pine, and her black wood gunwales set her oil to perfection. There is good deal of talk just now about the relative merits of the Alice (as she has bcen named) and the Midge, owned by Mr J. Emms, in regard to speed. As yet, in one or two trial spins, Mr Emms's craft takes the palm, but Mr Anthon claims that when his vessel's gear has been altered she will show a clean pair of heels to the Midge. It is likely that a still further test will take place between the two yachts for a substantial sum of money. The cricket club open their season on Saturday, when they Yisit Wynyard to play the men of the Cape. Although two or three of the best Penguin men will be absent, still the team picked should make a creditable display, although the Cape this year have an unusually hot team. Prolfeesor Bousmard, conjurer and pianist, paid Penguin a visit last week. Hie pianoforte solos were a musical treat, and alone were esrth going a long way to listen to. Soule excellent sleight of hand tricks were also given, the entertainment concluding with a realistic ghost scene. The audience, though sparse, was thoroughly appreciative. December 7. 