THE CRIMSON CSOSS (By- the Author of "Edith Lindsay.") CHAPTER XXXV.— GERTRUDE BE- COMES AN HEIRESS. CHAPTER XXXVI. — THE SECOND LOVER. CHAPTER XXXVII. — " WHEN HE GOMES TIO VI 15." CHAPTER XXXVIII.— HOMBURG. CHAPTER XXXIX.— COMING HOME. CHAPTER XL. — A QUIET DINNER PARTY AT HEATHERDALE. CHAPTER XLI.— "CAN YOU BLAME ME?" CHAPTER XL1L— THE PROPHECY IS fulfilled. CHAPTER XLI1I. — THE CRIMSON CROSS. (to be continued.) CHAPTER XXXIII.— Continued. "I bopo you like children, Mrs. "Wilton,'' she said, laughing. " My boy is very good, but I assure you bis lungs are woll developed." " Let me take him." Mrs. Galbraith glanced round in surprise. The tone was more of com mand than request. Gertrude had pushed betweon Mrs. "Wilton and her guest, and was holding out her arms passionately. ' "My dear,' cried the old lady, re ceding a littlo, " I did not know you Were so fond of children." " Let me take him," reiterated Ger trude, apparently heedless of Mrs. Wilton's words — and the young mother laid her little babe in Gertrude's out stretched arms. " Where are you taking him V' she asked, but Gertrude never replied. She carried the littlo creature towards the light, which \still shone redly in the west window, and there, with her back towards the others, she stood, her heart throbbing with a wild, yearning pain, full of mysterious tenderness, against the little form pressed close to it — reading Victor|s glance in the hazel eyes, "Victors very look in the dimpled red mouth that smiled up to her. His child, and in her arms I Had the Lord sent it as a comforting gift? Did He, from his heavenly throne, pity the Solitary desolation of her broken heart ? The child stretchedj out its arms with a soft, baby-sound. " He knows me," she cried passion ately ; " he loves me, oh, my baby, my darling, my beautiful trea sure." She showered kisses on the brow and cheek as she uttered the words. . "lies very good with strangers," Baid Mrs. Galbraith, looking not with out a sensation of uneasy wonder at the pretty young housekeeper's sudden ' passion of tenderness. " But I am not a stranger," cried Gertrude, pressing the child stiU closer to her bosom, as the nurse advanced. " No — and you shall not have him." The next moment a sudden pallor crept over her face — an expression of listening intentness came into her features. She laid the little child back in Mrs. Galbraith's arms and vanished silently from the room, as noiselessly as a ghost might have done. The words of surprised comment which were rising to Mrs. Galbraith's lips were checked by the entrance of her husband. " Hallo," he cried, gayly, " are these our new quarters' I do believe, Mrs. Wilton, you have the most roomy house in England. And how does the hoy stand the journey ?" The wife that was stood smiling at his side, the wife that should have been lingered in the shadow just out side the door, drinking in the tones of his voice with an agonised hunger at her heart. " I should not have cared," she "thought, "if it had not been, for the 'child!" ' 's , The new guests had scarcely been at Linie Court more than a, week when, ione cloudy morning, Victor Galbraith sauntered into his wife's sitting-room, for the suite consisted of three good- Bized apartments,, opening into each other. " " May I smoke a cigar here, gracious lady ?" he demanded. " Certainly you may," said Aurora, looking up with a smile. "But I thought you gentlemen had planned a fishing party for to-day !" " So wo had," answered Victor, lighting his weed, " but don't you hear the great rain drops pattering down on the oak leaves." " What a pity," said Aurora, " and you poor creatures can't even crochet to pass away the timo." , " Put away that ivory hook, please," said Mr. Galbraith, drawing his chair -nearer to his wife's sofa, " and tell me , what you have been doing all the morning." " I have been superintending baby's toilet," Aurora answered, with a ".mother's smiling pride, " Miss Morton has been with me, seeing him take his hath." " Who is Miss Morton, pray V " " Don't you remember, Victor, the beautiful housekeeper that I told you of? The golden-haired girl, who is so like the blonde beauties in Titian's pictures, whieli you adore so enthusias tically ?" "Yes," said Victor, slowly, "it . Btrikes me I do remember hearing you rave about some woman or other 1" " Hav'n't you seen her ?" "No." ''That is strange," said Aurora, thoughtfully. " She seems to be Mrs. Wilton's right- hand woman, and her manners are much above those of an ordinary servant. And oh, Victor, shea loves babe so dealy." " All women like babies, I suppose," said Mr. Galbraith, pulfing compla cently away at his cigar. " Yes, but not with that sort of liking. It almost frightens me, some times." "Nonsense, my dear." " And I can't help thinking — now you will laugh at me, Victor," said Aurora, half apologetically, " that some one she loved very dearly is dead, and that little Victor reminds her of him.»' " My dear," said Victor, patting his wifo's head, "that's so like a woman. You build up a romance on tho least possible foundation, about tho least likely people." "I wish you could seo her, Victor," cried Aurora, eagerly. " I dare say I shall have tho pleas ure before long," said Mr. Galbraith, composedly, " and then I'll give you an opinion on tho subjoct of your Titianosque beauty. I've no doubt she's a red- haired woman with about as much expression as a Dutch doll." " For shame, Victor 1 She is beau tiful 1 "As prottv as you, Aurora?" ho asked, mischievously. " Much prettier," said Mrs. Gal braith, earnestly, "for lior beauty is of a rarer typo." " I shall believe it when I see it," said Mr. Victor Galbraith, incredu lously. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE BAPTISM OP TEABS. It was a glowing afternoon towards tho last of July, and Mrs. Galbraith sat on the lawn at Lime Court, where the shadow of the evergreen trees kept off the westering sunshine. She was looking vory fair and beautiful, in a pink muslin robe, belted with pink ribbons, and a cluster of pink rose acacias, newly gathered from the gar den, in her hair. While close at her feet, on a square of Persian carpeting, fringed and tasselled, which had been spread over the grass, sat Gertrude Morton, with Victor Galbraith's child in her arms. The friendship — for it was more than ordinary companionship — which had grown up between these two women was something strange and affecting. People who believed in hereditary instinct might assert that it was the mystic voice of blood calling to blood in the voices of those who had lain on one mother's breast; a less doubtful theory would have been that of similarity of tastes and feeling, while the child formed a strong and indissoluble bond between them, grow ing with every day and every hour. Certain it was that Mrs. Galbraith was becoming tenderly attached to the young housekeeper, while Gertrude sought Aurora's company in every spare moment she had. A thousand times Gertrude Mor ton had thanked the self-control which had kept her, on the bridal day of her rival, from rushing forward and recklessly avowing her own prior claim to Victor Galbraith's heart and hand. The more she looked into the sweet purity of Aurora Galbraith's heart, the more earnestly she rejoiced that she had not blighted its happiness to secure to herself the baseless shadow of a love that had long since fled. As for Victor himself, her senti ments were strangely changing to wards the man who had been her idol of two years ago. Memory and im agination had woven a mystic veil of brightness and perfection about him, which his actual presence had gone far to dissipate. Slie did not love him now as she had loved him then, yet it was scarcely marvellous that the blood should mount into her temples, and the heart pulsate quicker in her bosom, when she heard his voice in the next room, or shrank out of his impending presence, lest he should see or recognise her. Often she wondered if ho sometimes remembered his earliest blue-evcd love, if he ever mar velled what had become of her ; yot she would have died soi n n than recall herself to his memory once more. " They have charming weather for their camping-out excursion," said Aurora, after a brief silence, as she resumed the needlework which had fallen into her lap. " Don't it seem as if they had been gone a week 1" "The house seems very strange, populated by ladies only," said Ger trude, scattering the petals of a crimson rose into little Victor's hands. " But they will return in the course of another week, and in the meantime I don't think this state of things is at all disagreeable." " Are you not partial to the society of gentlemen ?" ' " Not particularly." " That is because you have no hus band," said Aurora, with the superior dignity of a matron addressing a maid. " If you were accustomed to their con stant presence you would feel dif ferently." " Perhaps I should," said Gertrude, smiling a strange, mirthless smile, and she put her face closer to the child in her lap. And then she added, sud denly, " Mrs. Galbraith, I do not think little Victor is well."' " Not well !" echoed Aurora, drop ping her work. " Why not S" " He is feverish and restless and does not notico me, nor laugh as he did yesterday. See how red his cheeks are."- " Bocause tho day is so warm," cried Aurora, eagerly grasping at some excuse. "No," said Gertrude, gravely, "it is fever. Listen to his breathing. Did not you hear Mrs. Wilton telling yesterday about tho fever which had been almost an epidemic?" " Gertrude, hush i" cried Mrs. Gal braith, apprehensively, as she sprang up and caught tiie child out of tho housekeeper's arms. " Give him to me 1 I am his mother 1" And then, as if reading the reproach in Gertrude's sad eye3, x she hid her tearful face on tho other's shoulder. " Forgive me, dearest Gertrude !" she sobbed. " You love him too, but you cannot feel as I do. Call for one of the people, and send them for a doctor. J. dare say it is all our fancy that lie is ill, but Victor is away and I am foolishly weak and frightened." But as the long, brilliant days of the week went by the little child grew worse. The physicans shook their heads ; it was undoubtedly a case of j the prevailing fever, of which there ; | had already been too many disastrous : endings in the place. " You had bottor telegraph to your husband," said Dr. No.wton, gravely. He is not — not worse !' gasped Aurora, with clasped hands and tear less eyes. "Not just at this moment,'' said the soft-hearted doctor, with a pardon able equivocation, " but with a child of his age tho changes are sometimes vory sudden. Shall I telegraph for you when I go back to tho village ?" "It is impossible," said Aurora, sorely bewildered; "they are some where on tho hills, camping out, we cannot tell exactly whero. . They left no address." . The doctor looked grave. " W hen are they expected back ? " Thoy wero to have been here last night." i " Very well,'' said Dr. Nowton, after a moment or two of meditation. " I'll call lip again this evening." " Gertrude," said Aurora, turning to tho housokcoper, who had been sitting by the baby's crib, " why does lie talk so strangely? Does he think that Victor is in danger ? . " I don't know, doar,» said Gertrude. "See, he is opening his eyes." "I knew he was bettor," cried Aurora, hysterically. "Thoy should not frighten me so about my dar- ling ?" Mrs. Wilton had followed Dr. New ton out to his carriage,- which stood before the front steps. " Doctor," she said, piteously, " why cannot you stay now ? Perhaps you might do something." " My dear madaui," said the doctor, " it would bo of no use for 50 doctors to stay here? Don't you seo that tho child is dying ?" " Dying !" Mrs. Wilton'3 kindly face grew white as she echoed the words. 'f If ho lasts until evening I shall bo surprised," said the doctor, gather ing up his reins. " A fine child, too, and the only, one — it's a pity." And so saying, Dr. Newton drove away to battle with another less des perate case of the terrible fever. The summer night drew on dark and starless, with the heavy odor of honeysuckles on the air, and the silence full of musical insect-sounds, and the light in Aurora Galbraith's room seemed to shino out into the dusk, like a mournful watching eye. Tho nurse, worn out by vigils of pre vious nights, was asleep in the next apartment, and Gertrude sat with the baby on her lap while Aurora hung over it, tearless and pallid, and Mrs. Wilton, gliding noiselessly in and out, tried to keep back tho tears which would come. "I've often repined that heaven gave me no children of my own," thought she; "but now I do not regret it. We lose most often those whom we love best, and one pang of heart- break is harder to bear than all tho-happiness can atone for." " He is better, Gertrude," insisted Aurora,, kneeling at Miss Morton's side, with' her cheeks , close to tho baby's, face. "I am sure of it — he has slept so long and so quietly.'' "I do not think he is asleep," said Gertrude. " Give me the medicine on the mantel, dear Aurora.'' But Aurora did not stir. " Gertrude, Gertrude, what makes him . look so strange ? Why does he struggle so for breath !" she wailed. "It is over now," said Gertrude, quietly, while the tears dropped slowlv on the little face on her breast. " Heaven has taken your little one back to itself, dear Aurora !" Thore was tho sound of hurried foot steps and eager voices on the stairs as she spoke. " Thank ; heaven !" sobbed Mrs. Wilton, " lie has come to comfort her." : " How is the child asked Victor Galbraith's husky tones, for in the vil lage below the homeward-bound party had heard of tho sickness at Lime Court. Mrs'. Wilton did not answer — she could not— but sho stood aside and motioned him to enter tho sick room. The light from the one shaded lamp fell full on Gertrude's golden hair as she bent over the little waxen face, but was too indistinct to reveal the features left in shadow, even if Victor Gal braith had thought of anything but his child, Ar.d as she placed the tiny oorpso in his arms their hands met — for the last and only timo. " Dead i" he gasped, faintly, " Oh, Aurora, my wife 1" " His wife ! '' And Gertrude, stealing out in the darkness of the summer night, with the aching void in her own heart, and no ono to speak a comforting word — what was she? But the next morning, long before Aurora had wakened from tho troubled sleep into which she had fallen from sheer exhaustion, Gertrude was up and in the garden, selecting the whitest flowers, rosebuds and candy tuft, and white verbenas, with sprays of spice-scented white honeysuckle, to decorate the little crib where the baby Victor lay as if lie were asleep. And when the mother saw him, shrined, as it wero, in flowers, with all the horror and rigidity of death gone, and only a sleeping angel left, the tears eame in relieving floods to her parched eyelids. " It is Gertrude who has done this,'' sho sobbed. " See 1 one of his curls is cut away ; sho has taken it." " We must thank hor for all her kindness," said Victor Galbraith. And then ho forgot all but the dead child who lay before him, ' and the weeping woman who hung upon his breast. What right or part had Ger trude Morton in their sacred grief ? Little Victor Galbraith was to be buried in Highgate Cemetery, whero a group of marble angels, upholding a sculptured shield, betokened tho last resting-place of all the proud family of Galbraith ; and when tho carriages were at tho door Auroi a, in her deep mourning robes, wont to Miss Morton's room. "Gertrude, darling, you willlet Victor come in one instant, to thank you for all you have dono for -us, and — and tho little lamb who is safo in Christ's fold now V "I cannot seo him," Gertrude an swered, through hor tears. " Ho is at the door — ho will not de tain you an instant." " At tho door ! " Gertrude sprang to her feet, shrink ing back as if she would fain havo vanished into nothingness. " Yes — you will see him — will you not ? " "Never," cried Gertrude, pale and trembling. " Don't let him come now — -I caniiot soo him, I tell you " " But lie wants to thank you with his own lips," pleaded Aurora. " Gertrude, why are you so strange ?" " I am much obliged to him for his politeness," said Gertrude, coldly, " but I deserve no thanks, nor will I consent to receive them." "But you will kiss me good-bye, Gertrude." Gertrude folded the slight, black- draped figure in her arms, with a tenderness that surppised and almost startled Aurora, who had scarcely formed an idea of the depth of affection lying dormant in the young house keeper's heart. " Darling Aurora !" sho murmured, with a kiss for every word, " good-bye and heaven's ;blesssir,g go with you 1" ! " I sliall seo you again," said Aurora, gently ; " those days of sorrow have given me a sacred right to your friend ship, and I shall claim it again one day." But Gertrude's kiss was the only reply she received. From the window Gertrude Morton watched the cortege of carriages sweep slowly down the broad drive, vanish ing beneath the shadows of the over- greens. " How long," she muttered bitterly, '' will it be before fate brings me face to face with him again ?" But it was a question she need not have asked. Living or dead, she never looked upon Victor Galbraith's' face again 1 (TO BE CONTINUED.) 