CHAPTER II. MAUUICE MSCOMBE'S DEI.iniUM. -- The words which had been uttered the previous evening by Maurice Liscombe still rang in Sybil's ears throughout the whole of tho next live-long day; ns though a hot iron had boon seared across his brain. Ueuully joyous when em ployed in his day's work, singing and light-hearted ns the veriest school-boy re leased from his studios, ho was on . the morning after thiB night of mental tor turo sad and absent in mr.r-'or. The- day was an unusually busjr one. Tho truck loads of cane stacked high in j air came pouring in to feed the rollers, noise, slowly but surely extracting every' particle of juice from the long,' sweet sticks. The line- of drays crawling at funeral pace, driven by Kanakas, pulled up, each in turn, to receive a load of ' megass,' thence to be carted away and spread out in the sun, where, as children in other countries might play in the hay fields, so would the little black savages — the offspring of Kanaka women — delight in rolling and tossing it in each other's faces. -._? '. .-- ??'-, ?''..-??? ? ? .' 'In the far distance glimmered and shone with almost supernatural brilliancy the mighty. mountains, on which could be traced tumbling wator-£alls,sparklingand dancing like millions of crystals under the vigorous Bunraya. The sceno was all color, life and move ment. 'Sybil of an .ov.ening would delight to join in a friendly game of cards with the overseers, where his cheery manner and good-natured banter would always find a ready welcome. After, the day's work succeeding that of his midnight interview with Liscombe, he was in no ready frame of mind for the ligbt-hoarted throng which was awaiting his coming nt tho barracks. He merely stopped as he rode homewards for a short half hour to tell them that ho would not put- in an appearance that evening. ' - ' Why, what's up, old boy, with you?' queried Fred Roycroft, a' bright, good looking joung fellow, employed .on tho place as storekeeper. 'Yes,' added Alex Sugden, 'youlook as if you'd lost two-pence and picked up a half-penny.' ' She's thrown him over,'* said Arthur Richards in a playful tone. '?'?; At ?' any. other time Sybil would hayo had quick, repartee at .his command to parry theso thrusts with,' but this even ing he wob distrait, and found but little to amuse him. The society of his fellow- creatures for onco proved irk some. Havo we not all felt so at. times? When some cloud lowers over the sun shine of our path, would we not wish to be away, far away and alone to think it over and try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble ? . '. ?'.'???Well,- here wo aro, boys,' said Roy croft, placing glasses on llio table with a whisky bottle beside them. ' Lot us chase away dull care and make our old friend'smilo again. Nevor shall I forget him shouting to mo the evening that alligator was behind me in tho rivor. If ever a man swain for his lifo I did on that occasion.' , . ? '* By George, yes 1' said Sugdon, ' you had a narrow squeak that timo, nnd oan thank Prescott far being alive now.' Sybil, who was leaning over the tablo flicking the dust from his boots, poo poo hed tho i'dea as wm his wont when any special act of his doing was brought for ward, ,?? Nonaonso, hoys,' he answered; 'it was all due to Iroycroft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his attention to the alli gator, and can truly say hu cut to land like a torpedo boat.' » ' Gi'e me soino whisky, and haug the cursed crocodiles,' bawled Richards, holding his glass at arm's length, ' I'll take aood care they don't get me (ot a meal.' ? Talk flowed on in this fashion, waxing louder ns tho gleusses were drained, when ono of thorn suddenly exclaimed : ?? Who tho devil can this bu galloping fur his life?1' at the snmo timo looking in the direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs came ringing on the still calm air of sunaet. .-???'..;..' ' Well, Jim, what's wrong with you ?' shouted Roycroft, as Singleton pulled his mavo up -in front of the house a few soconds later. ?' ?* Mutter? Nothing much with me. The boss though's come to grief. On the road home ho «ot slung : off, nnd sprained an ankle. '? Hu's as tight as they make'om. Ho told mo to ride like blazes for a bandage, and I'm horo accord ingly.' . ?-.-?.'. Thn qtiartotte listened in silenco to Singleton's aacounc of the accident, though it could hardly be said that anv ono of them showed the slightest sign of pity for Maorico Liscombo. 'Ourso him 1' was all Richards mut tered whilst pacing, the verandah, . . ' Now look sharp wifli tho bandages 1' said Singleton, giving his horse a dig and riding onwards to tho store. ' : Soon all- tho necessary nrticles were provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house where Sybil reBi'ded with Maurice Liscombe, a distance of less than half a mile from the barracks. As they rode along tho river bank, Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animals, which is the delight of all young colonists when they San get an opportunity of showing what mettle their steeds are made of. On entering tho house they found the manager of Rappoe stretched at length on the sofa, with wild eyes staring into space, and now and then an effort to articulate 'something which was perfectly unintelligible -..to them. ».--?' _ 'A knife-, nt once, ' said Roycroft to Singleton, who set himsjelf up h gn authority whenever anything in the doctoring li.ie cropped up.' ' I must cut that boot off, first thing.' ??? . '?'.''? So, suiting the action to the word, he ripped tho seams to pieces, which at once caused relief. ? Liacombp, then sinking back, was soon wrapped in heavy sleep. '---- ?'- -. To give Roycroft his duo, although far from having any great knowledgo or skill as a surgeon, ho was what might' have been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. Ho could bind or stitch wounds, could prepare ? and put on a poulticj with all the skill of a profes sional nurac, and, on moro than one oc cn&ion; had been known to extract toeth, though how much unnecessary pain he had inflicted he' was not prepared to say. j ' Soems a nasty wrench, and likely to lay him up for a timo,'said Roycroft, ns lie bathed the tmklo with ammonia and water. : : Tho two were standing on cither side of the managir, who lay as one- inanimate, savo for the labored breathing and con vulsive twitching of his lips, tuused by heavy drinking. ' That beast can never go to the town ship without coming bask tight. ,' Some night he'll get his neck troke, and.it won't be much less either. I know one man on the.placo as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up.' ? These remarks were uttered by Single ton, who was expressive in his phrase ology, if not having duo regard for Queen's English. : .. '?Who's that?' queried Royeroft, .wind ing-yards upon yards i of soft linen round the swollen ankle. , ??..:i',-,i;.::.y.^..-.^y-^ ? 'Now, then, can't you guess, instead of tiyinglo play the goat? You. know' jolly well the man I mean.' ? .. - Roycroft 'often assumed this kind ot I feioned ignorance on certain subjects, I ? P ^_^ j.mii ??ij'sMfcsWlii^ii^i^s^i^ii^ii^iiii^iiii^i^^i^i^^J n safe customer, as regards not saying too much. . \- ''Well, if you want to know, Prescoit's the man I'm referring to. Lord ! to bear him curbing the boss this. morning was enough to have frightened the devil him self. There must ha' been some jolly row on last night, for I never in all my born dayB— — ' . - . .'?-'--?? Before Singleton had finished, Maurice Liscombe opened his eyes, though what was taking plnce he seoiued scarcely to be aware of. His eyes rolled wildyfrom one to the other. His arms were thrown over his head, clutching at the cushions upon which Ire lay. For a moment all was silent. In another instant a low, chuck ling demoniocial laugh broke from Lis combe himself : r. ??'- ' Escape me, can he? Never 1' ; The tone of his voice was unnatural and unlike that ovnr heard buforo by those watching beside him. . - It was clearly discernible that he was wandering; in his mind from the dis jointed naturo of his reinnrka : ' As true asiny name's Liscombe— saw wholo affiiir j)laiii as — call it murder of course I do — that fellow Prescott — ir.oon shining full — sea calm—I'll. have nioiiey Having relieved himself of so much, he shut his eyes onco more and slumbered. ' What on earth is the old tool driving at ?'? exclaimed Singleton. 'Pnscotl mixed up with full mooes and murder, li strikes me the moon's had a go at him by his talk. Perhaps Prcscott'il be able to tell us all about it.' ' ' Tako my ndvice,' said Roycroft, 'and keep what you'vo heard to yourself. It might cause trouble.' .-? ? - 'Perhaps j'our right,'' said Singleton, ' though I've nlwnys heard say .thai when a man's Buffering from delirium itc not right to attach too much importance to what ho says. . ? Now taking my own case, for example, when ? I was laid up with rhcumatio fever, I took all sorts of odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best womnn on earth, came in for a share* of cursing occasionally. ' It strikes me, however, in this cas3 that there's sdmething amiBB' between the boat nnd Prescott. I've noticed 'em for some timo back not'. hitting it off quite pro per.'..'.. . -.;- ???''.'-'?] '?... ??? ?. .'? '.:?-? .-? .V . ?? ..?'? . ' Yos,' said Roycroft,' that has been pretty evident to all of us, and no wonder either. A hotter chop never trod this carjbh than Proscott.:-..- I've never known him guilty of a mean action, yet. A gentleman in every sense of the tei m , which is more than can be Said of him,'' pointing to the : manager. ' Why, the way Prescott is spoken' to sometimes, it't a wonder to me that ho hasn't broken every bone in his body before this.' . 'Good Lord 1 do you think for a mo ment that Prescott. would take such u mean advantage as to strike this flabby thing here,' said Singleton, throwing a look of contempt on tho sleeping form. 'No, he's not built that way. Gjvo him a man of his own size and weight, and then Micro would be something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a fiver.' ??''.- '?'..' Tho evening was now wearing on. Without all was still and peaceful, save for the tho cry of birds whioh pipej merrily all through the night, an some are wont to do in this hot land. ? Or again might be hoard the piteous wail of wild dogs, serenading tho brigkt moon in some deep recess of tho thick juuglo, a wJiine so piteous and uncanny as to mako those who henr it for the tvrst time imagine it from the regions whero torments may exist.; ?' ? ? - .''-.;? / : ,?''?'?? '??' . ? What-nights are these of the tropics, whero tho deep , vault of Heaven is studded with countless millions of bright worlds? Do they not. speak to uh of something that wo may hopo Cor \n that unveiled future whither all, . we bolievs, are trending ; somothing of peace, snme thjng of rest and repose from all the busy toil and vexation of spirit, which is tho general lot of mankind on earth? Yes, such ore the dreamy, calm, otherenl nights of these lands where Great Sol in running his daily course beats down upon the earth so fiercely. Beside such nights as these, what com parison can be drawn with thoso of tem perate latitudes whore tile stars shine but feobly, whero fogs drift' up from cold morasses, and '^ whero tho sun looks sick so often through banks of dull-hued clouds? One is all life, color and gaiety ; the other sombre, dull and sad.' The birds in their rich pi um ago diirting across tho jungle path, tho lizards timidly gaz ing from their bower of fern and rich, moist crasses, tho troops of dazzling butterflies, tho emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the under growth, all seem to be endowed with greater vitality in lands where .spices grow, and, alas I where Europeans sicken and die. .Ov.or all this wealth of color, this abundance of 'Nature's greatest gifts, when but to bo able to be proof against malarial fever,' would mean only to live in order to enjoy, comosthe warning note of death. The ride, perhaps when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted steed' through stagnant water, aro th«n exhaled from its noxious depths whero infusorial life is teeming the dreailed malarial gases, i . ?.';. ' This sickness, deadly in its purpose, strikes down strong and weak. Men who have endured the hardships of campaign, men who bavo travelled many ' weary leagues in the vadcllo without food' for days would gladly experience them all again rather than .tight the common enemy of , the tropics, which racks them both in . mind - and body as nothing else can. Lying . for ?woeks .tagother, with every bone, as it: were, being hammered by inallt ts, by sprays of ice-cold . water coursing down the spine, as soon to be followed by' scorching irons, as rit were, tearing the flesh asunder, are some of the foeliiijzs of this tropical fever. . Sybil had as yet escaped all sickness, as most do whoso rich English blood is not made thin until a summer or two has passed. With his fine physique and well trained muscles he could defy almost any thing in the shape of bodily ailments, and would laugh. when anyone complained of headaches, so much the rulo with all about: him. . : ? 'Well,' said Singleton, breaking a somowhat prolonged silence, 'do y«u think you'll want me any longer, 'cob, if you don't, I think I'll be getting back to tho missis.' .. '. '?' :. Singleton was a married man, and al wnya Bpoke of his better half as tho missis. A kinder husband never breathed than this somowhat .? rough-and-ready stockman, who ; took a pride in seeing everything around his small homo as neat nnd natty as hands could make it. Its well-kept garden,' in which he would work- af tor the day -had finished. The Bnug little parlor, withits siiito of fresh, bright-'cnlqred chin I z : and-f avori to ? books and photogrnphs. ? Its tall and cool-look ? ing fern's, Blinding thnr vernndah, . the pride and joy of his. wife. . Theso all told of kind and loving' hands -which, in I others, might have been left to JanBuUhJ '?' Only ono thitift moro, Singleton,'1 said Roycroft. ' When you're passing the barracks, soo if Prescott is there, and if so, tell him to come ns soon as he can. I want to arrange about tho boss. He must have some ono by him all night. In ono of his moments of frenzy he might become troublesome.' -: 'Right, old boy. There's my little beauty outside pulling on her. bridle as if she saw a thousand ghosts, so I'll be off at once. Good-night 1 and keep the old beggar quiat.' i v ?, . In another second he had swung lightly into the saddle and wns cantering through the moonlight with many, a leap from the young mare, who seemed to have an idea that shadows of trees and stumps were treacherous water-jumps. ?'.?'--'. Roycroft and tho manager wero alone. Tho room they were in was long and airy, nnd, as the sea-breeze caino' in gentle gusts, it made music in the glass chande lier abo»'o. . lithe garden,--flyinB- foxes amidst tho cocoa Mut and bananna trees played hido-nnd-seek;Uie crickets chirped and bats flew in and out, 'attracted by tho HgUt. ??-:. .'??' ?-.?,..? '-.-:. ?': All creatures of night-time wero hold ingjiigh festival. : :. ..-:-'. ' '.'.'-?. , ,.. Presently a deei» ? groan came ' from Maurice Liscombe, which startled. Roy- croft somewhat, who wns enjoying a cigarette in an arm-chnir. : ?? fn another instant he hnd risen in a fitting posture, but seemed to take' no hoed ef Roycroft 'a. presence. His: eyes had a fixed blonry.hiok, nnd wore nri exr pression of pain as ho drew ; from his pocket a seulcd letter and nt quickly rlirust it back again,1 fearing lest aliy one should sco ifc. ' .- ' -*' ' Thut ho was suffering from delirium wns evident. .-. . :' ;? ' ' Poor Dugdnlo 1 ' Poor Dugdale 1' he kept repenting to himself. 'Never mind j you'll bo avenged for it. ? Pres oott'll have a hard case to prove, a. hard enseto prove — d— — n him I' Roycroft listened with some interest, wondering what on * onrth this charge levelled against Prescott could mean. . In the distance oamo the noiso of clat tering hoofs, which Rnycroft gueBsed to bo Sybil riding homewards.' ; - ; : Soon the young Englisliman pulled up and dismounted. ^ ..-? ? ,, ,'. : ;_??' ? ;\Vhen he entered the room he stood for an instant gazing at the bloated fcaturos and swollen anklo of the manager, then tuking his scat closo to Roycroft, they talked for a timo in low voices. -: ' . ' 1b ho waiidoring V Hns he boeh'saj' ing anything ?'' .queried Sybil, who was ipptirently anxious to know somathing about the patient. . - „'.'.....? 'Yes, he is saying a lot moro thnn he ought to.' '.;.' '...-',? ;?.--.- : '????? :? ???? 'Anything about met Is he uncon scious?' ' ? ' \--' Very much so, and for that reason I attnoh no importanco to his words.' 'But. what hns ho been saytngi' SybH inquired, anxiously. ';: ?' Bolter not bo too curious; it mightn't plohso you,' .''-'. ,-i''. 'Come, now, Roycroft ; there can be nothing between us. Tako mo into your confidence ; 1 promise you it'll go no fur ther.' - ?::,':' ??'.':???- . ? : ? ?'?;?'?. M.For your own sake, I 'trust not; it's a very ugly report, old boy.' v. At these words Sybil roso to his feet, fearing what ho; guessed when ho had lieurd thai- Liscombo was delirious. Ad vancing slowly towards Roycroft ho took him gently by the shoulder, gnzing fear lessly into his eyes. ??.'??-... ..-'??. ' Does he— does ? ho ' — horo lie. ; fal tered a little—' mention the name of Dugdalo, accusing me of— of — ' ' Ho sank into a oluiir, t-ho ttortls refus ing to come. Uoyoroft stood over, him, wondering what it all meant. 