THE OLD COLORISTS' CHARITY SERVICE. The eighth annual charity service in connection with the Old Colonists' Association took place yester day at the Eastern Oval, The weather was very mi favorable, but the service resulted in the collection of a good sum for the charity fund of the association. A procession was formed infrontof the rooms in Lydiard street, and marshalled by Lieut* Colonel Sleep and proceeded to the Oval via Lydiard street. Bridge and Peel streets. At the head were Bulch's Model Band, and after them in order came the Ballarat Fire Brigade, the Sebastopol Brass Band, the City Fire Brigade, tbe City and Ballarat Branches of the Australian Natives' Association, and the members of the Old Colonists’ Association. The latter body mustered to the number of about 100. There was a large attendance at the service, which was conducted by the Her, Canon Mac Murray. A seat on the raised platform was occupied by Mr John Murray, president of the 011 Colonists. The music was supplied by the Mfliiia Brass Band, under the leadership ol Band master Gray, The service was opened with the usual devotional exercises, ' and Canon Mac- Murray preached an excellent and suitable sermon. The'preacher took as his texts Genesis i., *2B—"And God blessed them. and said, fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue it,” and .St. Matthew vi., 33—“ Seek jre first tbe kingdom of God and His righteousness, and all other things shall b* added unto you” lie said the i first text spoke of colonisation. It told them three things—(l) That the primitive mission of man as given by God was to colonise tbe earth; that .was, to re plenish and subdue it. The Australian colonists who some 40 years ago were swarming from the old home beyond the seas, did so. in obedience to an Instinct implanted in them by God from the begin ning. The work done by them bad a distinctly religious aspect, since it had been in fulfilment of the divine design. Second, that God gave to man the power to subdue nature; that was the power by which he is able to colonise the earth. Man first sub dued the animal world; he ceased to be the burden bearer when he subdued the horse and the camel; next he made the wind his servant to save him from the drudgery of rowing his rough hewn canoe; next the running stream was engaged to turn the mill wheel; next fire and water were used to place the cloudy vapor, steam, a prisoner in man's hand to do his bidding; and now even the lightning was en chained to light our streets, and propel our cars, and, indeed, to perform all kinds of service for her master, man. All power from whence had come the triumphs human science, and all tbe victories of human art was given by God lo man that he might subdue the earth. This God-given power it was which had enabled man to make the world inhabitable and to fill it with so much of beauty and refinement. Thirdly—That God, in giving man the mission and the power to colonise, added a blessing to tbe work—• “and God blessed him, and said,” &c.; Tbe old colo nist who hid spent bis days in hewing the forest and ploughing the land had tbe assurance of God's bless ing—“the valleys yet shall stand so thick with corn that they shall laugh and sing; for while the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest shall not cease.” When Caleb Earth, in “ Middlenmcb,” was permitted to improve the land, so that it might yield more food for man. he said to his wife, “It is a great gift of God.” This mission, this power, this promise of blessing, was given to man untainted with sin, when man was living in harmonious relationship with his Creator, when man's spirit instinctively' obeyed the will of God. Ah ! how and fferently would tbe history' of man’s conquest of the world read if this harmony, this obedience, had continued. Now, alas, every page was stained with blood, and greed and violence, and hatred. How was this? Man lost sight of the true proportion of things; he thought the possession of the creation more important than doing the will of the Creator. When the God-man came to restore all things. He showed their true proportion when He gave the command, “Seek ye first the kingdom ol God and His righteousness, and all other things shall be added unto you.” The Kingdom of God and His righteousness loomed more largely in the eyes of Him who knew a 1 ! things thin the wealth, the pleasures, the comforts, and the necessaries of life. Two thoughts were suggested hy this. One was emphasised by the preacher of list year, “One soweth and another reapeth.” Har greaves and Esmond, who discovered gold, and thousands of the pioneers who labored first failed to reap; untold wealth was within their reach, but somehow it slipped their grasp. The wealth accumu lated was not the measure of the success of our life’s work. The other thought was that when engaged in subduing the world we do it, not in a religious spirit, as a God given task, but os a mere means to the miserable end of gaining wealth. Then the more completely they succeeded, the more effectually did they become, not masters, but slaves to the world; to avoid this, seek first tbe Kingdom of God and His righteousness. Seek the Kingdom of God, which is righteousness, peace, and joy in the .Holy Ghost. See that righteousness aaoppoied to injustice characterises us in our work; see that psace and goodwill amongst men, as opposed to class stiife and hatred be ever forwarded by us; see that Joy in doieg our Father’s wil l , joy in helping *our fellow men as opposed to the mere pleasures of the world, shall ever give us fullest satisfaction, and then we may hope that this nation founded by the Old Colonists under th» Southern Cross will have a glorious destiny. United to Britain across theses, wethmklully recognise thit we are bound by the obligations of her citizenship, we are heirs of her glories, we are sharers of her destiny, but remembering you old colonists have founded not merely an extension of the British Empire but of the Kingdom of God; then remember, and let your children, the Australian natives, remem ber that you are bound by the obligations of its citizenship, that you are heirs of its eloties, that you are sharers of its destiny. You old colonists have fulfilled your mission well in building up the social fabric of this colony,- may we all remember that in building up tbe Kingdom of God in this fair land, in advancing “righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost,” we have a mission more glorious, a power more mighty, and a blessing more abundant and abiding. The preacher concluded by referring to the aims of the Old Colo nists Association in promoting brotherhood amongst those who had been fellew workers in the colonisation of this land, and made an earnest appeal in aid of the charity. The collection taken up resulted in about £4O being added to the funds. 