CONSECRA TION OF THE BISHOP OF NORTH QUEENSLAND. (Sydney Morning /Jerald.) Thc service in connection with the conse- cration of Canon Barlow as Bishop of Northern Queensland took place on Saturday morning at half-past ten, in St. Andrew s Cathedral. There was a large congregation, 't ho ceremony was conducted by thc Primate, who was assisted hy Ur. Tunnel- (Bishop of (i raf ton and Armidale), and Ur. Stanton (Bishop of Newcastle). Tho following clergy were also present :-Dean Cowper, Arch- deacons King and Gunther, Canons Kemmis, Moreton, Halton King, and Sharp, Revs. H. H. Varringtou, S. Simm, Manning, Deben- ham, Tress, Hornby, Spear, Hargrave, Madgewick, Dixon, Langley, Charlton, Garnsey, Yarnold, Babcr, Beck, Bartlett, Hough, Read, Woodd, Smith, Archdall, Paiu, Mort, Rose, Killworth, Woodworth, Harris, Boyle, Dr. Corlette, the Precentor (Rev. A. Rivers), and the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr. Gregory Walker). The first lesson was read by thc Bishop of Newcastle, and thc second lesson by thc Bishop of Grafton and Armidale. Thc anthem was " God so loved the world." Tho Bishop of Newcastle preached the scrmoD, taking as his text Acts viii.,2, "And as they ministered to the Lord and fasted, thc Holy Ghost said,-Separate mc Barnabas und Saul for the work wbcrcunto I have called them." Referring to the custom of scuding to England for clergymen, he asked how it wns that thc Church had so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining thc ministry. Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for a man for the ministry!" Thc Church in Australia should wako up, and put a down- right enthusiasm for religion into thc people, and make an end to paltry little questions, addressing themselves resolutely to the work of God. When the spirit was in thc Church in Australia, it would be in the ministry as it had been in the civil life, when the cry came that young men were needed for a campaign tu the East. On that occasion some of Australia's best and most athletic youths put on their uniform to go to tho Soudan, and so in the ministry of our Lord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church independent. In separating one who had been ordained in Australia, ho thought they wera taken a wise and expedient step. Ile believed that the time had como when, in the older dioceses at any rate, they conld surely choose out of a thousand clergymen one or moro sufficiently gifted co fill au episcopal chair. This was from no disloyalty to thc mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself. On that occasion they hail selected a clergyman who had been ordained in the colony to take the government of thc distant diocese of Northern Queensland. Con- cluding, he said, addressing thc Bishop elect : " Aiid what can I say to you, my dear brother Ï It is not the culmination of your work in tho Northern diocese? I luve no advice to give you, for have wc not for nine < years been working together like brothers, sharing our work, praying over our difficulties, and thinking what could be done best for God's work up there ? I cannot advise you. You know it elL Continue only in the work that in the years past you have been carrying on, and you will vindicate and justify that act which we are performing to-day, aud will prove to the Church in Australia that thc synod was light in haring chosen you, and thal we ure right in separating you, after prayer in apostolic order, for thc work wherc unlo you have been called. Thc Lord be with you, prosper you, make full proof of your ministry, und direct you as you go in and ont among thc people. The Lord bc with you." After morning prayer, the service for the consecration of a Bishop was goiie through, thc Primate, assisted by the other Bishops, officiating. The mandate for the consecration was read hv thc chancello!- of thc diocese, Mr. Gregor}' Walker, after which thc Bishop-elect took the oath of obedience. Thc consecration ended with the laying on of hands by thc Primate and the assisting Bishops, and the presentation to the now Bishop of a copy of the Bible. At thc conclusion of the consecra- tion Bcrvice the Primate, with thc newly con- secrated Bishop and others, proceeded with the Communion service, and partook of tho Sacrament. The offertory wus devoted to thc North Queensland Clergy Mission Fund. 