LONDON FASHIONS. POPULAR COLOURS. Simple and handsome will be the watch- words for the coming months. Just at this moment we are bitten with a Parisian mania for black and some light shade, which usually manifests itself in a black bodice with a pale cloth vest, and a black hat with light wing feathers. The craving for the sombre line is often carried further, and only the slightest relief of colour, applied as a jabot or as a hat trimming, shows that the costume is a matter of choice, and not assumed for mourning. A very-popular colour will be great in several subdued soft shades, particularly one called withered leaf. Brown is still in vogue, and gives every sign of continuing so. The shades in which it is worn are of infinite variety, and are most of them both pretty and becom- ing. One of the new names for a shade, which is not in itself new. is. " Mahatma." This is merely our old friend elephant colour, rechristened probably because of its mystic impenetrable character, and because it is the sort of dress in which a modern ghost would probably elect to appear. Wil- low leaf, which is really reseda, is to be a very favourite shade, especially for hats. Many of the dresses have a sash at the back, just at the waist, which is wound tightly round and apparently lost under the side seams of the long loose bodice, to appear again in front. This takes off from the look of breadth at the back, which, with the new way of cutting, is, in some figures, excessive. Skirts. Certainly women must combine-in petitioning those august bodies- which are responsible for street cleaning operations, to pay especial attention to the condition of the pavements which form favourite feminine promenades for the gored skirt, on the ground at the back, is now an established fact. It is not a novelty, but until now it has not been generally adopted in England. From henceforward there is no escape from it it is introduced by our leading tailors for tweed and cloth gowns as unhesitatingly as it is by milliners for dresses in lighter materials. The newest gowns have the fronts of the skirts out straight, and the backs on the cross, no seam showing at all, and the selvedge lapping over at one? side." It is no use thinking that these skirts can be held up as their wearers trip daintly over damp and, dirty flagstones. They are not long enough to admit of ' being gracefully upheld, and women must not be sordid, and sacrifice grace to economy or even cleanliness. Indeed, the sight of a lady endeavour- ing to keep up her skirts at the back in the-- existing fashion is far from being either pretty or dignified. Nor is it possible to have the new skirt made short at the back, as in such case it waggles about from side to side as its wearer walks in a way that most move the onlooker to mirth, even were the gait free and graceful as that of Diana. No, shaped and gored skirts must be on the ground at the back to have any effect, and shaped and gored skirts are a craze of the hour ; therefore the inevitable must be accepted, and women's trust must be placed in the kind and cleanly inclinations of local Boards. With these skirts pretty petticoats of shot silk and fancy sures are necessary, because otherwise they would look mean, as they are often built without a foundation. At the same time, when fashion 'decrees that the feminine form is to look as nearly as possible straight from the waist down, the underskirt must fit as carefully as the dress, and take up as little room as may be on the hips. Bodices are even more varied than before. Some of the newest are cut like men's dress coats, with the skirts brought a little further to either side. These show a double-breasted waistcoat, ' often of beautiful passementerie, with a double row of antique silver or gold buttons. The waistcoat opens in turn to show a chemisette of softly tucked lace for 'crops of house wear, and of fur or cloth for the street. The outer coat or bodice is finished with gauntlets, which will be a feature in coming dress. They will be used to terminate sleeves as cuffs, to finish off. deep cuffs of fur or embroidery to turn back evening gowns at the elbow, and sometimes to end sleeveless immediately below the shoulder. The waistcoat is long, but not so much as the bodice skirts, which are frequently worn to the knee ; it fits like a glove, and the bodice curves in over it at the waist, giving a pretty effect. The double breast is only becoming to slight figures, but the same style of waistcoat is made single breasted. Bodices are very smart indeed, and though skirts are absolutely simple, they are good style. The long ones are said to have been a concession to little women, who complained that in all last year's fashions there was nothing nice for them. Three-quarter length Jackets and Capes will still be more worn, and will probably last out until next spring, when the decree is likely to be altered. Something novel in capes is one made of " Broderie Persienne," a rich material in an idealised Paisley sort of design, wrought in silk in inter- mingling tones of russet and gold. The cape is lined with twilled silk of a rich bold red, so that the colour is quite Oriental. The shape is very nearly that of the old circular cape, out shorter to show about half or three, quarters of a yard of the dress, and fitted without fulness over the shoulders, the collar being wide and turned down with a knot of red ribbon in front. A new coat of similar length, is of myrtle-green cloth. It has a tightly fitting long waistcoat, bordered with black trimming, which, look"s exactly like ostrich feather, but is really fine curled silk chenille, which is more durable for outdoor wear. The coat turns back with revers of fine black mohair braid, sewn together and placed closely' over the cloth, the points forming an irregular edge. The cuffs are turned back rather in gauntlet shape, and edged with braid in points. There are pocket flaps similiarly treated. Another coat, also three-quarter length, is of resilda cloth, bordered with a thick fancy black grip, with a design in reseda and gold cord at either side of the back. This trimming is carried down the back. seams, all round the edge of the coat, and in three bias bands across the sleeves, and the buttons are of smoked pearl carved in ribs. There will be few very long coats used ; they are too difficult to walk in for one thing, and a skirt on the ground meandering from beneath the hem of a long coat looks almost as untidy as a man's under- coat when the tails are longer than those of his overcoat. * Hats. The Cape line hat is one intended for wear- ing with capes, and should be of felt to match those garments. It is perfectly flat, and set, on bandeaux of velvet. The brim pokes put in front, and is caught into a triple pleat, over which is placed a velvet bow pierced by a cut steel arrow. The hat, which appears to take the place of the sailor and Tyrolean, or Brighton, style of head- gear, is one somewhere between the sailor and the toreador in shape. The brim turns up, and is usually bound with fur, the crown is very low and round, and is bordered by a pleated band of velvet, and all the trimming, consisting of velvet and jet or steel ornaments, or of feathers and velvet, is placed at the back. This is the kind of headgear which comes to us in epidemics, and of which we seem to get too much almost as soon as it is introduced. a, Bonnets are still larger than they were recently, and are in velvet, passementerie, embroidered cloth, and spangled cloth. A new one has a soft crown of emerald- green velvet, with a band of gold lace round it, and a sort of idealised peak of beaver fur, with an aigrette of tiny black ostrich tips and ospreys, edged with metallic feather, slightly to one side. The very narrow strings are of golden brown velvet. Analysis shows this to be simply an elaborate version of a shallow " commodore " cap. On the head, and safe from close inspection, it is a smart looking and a most becoming bonnet, which no one would think of associating with anything so common-place as a yachting cap. A' reads velvet hat, with straight, wide, hard brims, intended to rest on the ball so that one side is slightly raised, is almost like a Chinese coolies and hat. It has a tiny round crown bordered with astrakhan, and with rolls of satin ribbon, while at one side are two black quill feathers spangled with jet. On the head it loses its Celestial Empire as peas, and is a little coquettish, and altogether good style, a black bonnet has a poked-out brim of black velvet edged with black ostrich trimming. At the back there is a piece of rich gold passementerie, out of which spring tiny black ostrich tips that curl caressingly over the Grecian knot of hair for which this special bonnet is carefully prepared. Sp singles will be much used for bonnets and bats, especially made of gold and of jet. Wing feathers are still in use, and spangled quills considered excellent style. The crowns of hats and bonnets are usually soft, and frequently are made of velvet to match the dress trimming or velvet coat, for his rich material will be in great favour for long skirted bodices, and even for outdoor coats. Brocades of the most exquisite design and handsomest texture are being made into DINNER AND RECEPTION GOWNS. ~ The principal trimming used for skirts is lace, which is remarkable for its beauty just now. Tile skirts are a good and trained, and are frequently quite untrimmed, or have the seams overlaid with pearls, gold, or silver. Bodices are male long at the back always, and often in front also. - Those made in rich. materials, such as velvet and satin antique -fbVevening wear, seldom-look;well when long all round, unless the added portion be of lace, jet, gold, silver, or bronze fringe, or some equally thin clinging material. Collars are not being made nearly so high. When they are raised at all, as is still the case with those of fur coats and of the double-breasted waistcoats, they turn half down again, and placed back from the head, so as to give the neck free play and yet be most becoming. Many evening gowns are still cut Princess shape, especially at the back. Sleeves are much modified in size, they are full on the shoulders, but deforming humps are not now considered good style. The Favourite Glove of the hour is of thick suede, double sewn, and with broad silk points. The gloves match the dress and the points are either black or lighter in the same colour as the glove. These are, of course, for day wear, and the nearest shades are drab and beaver. For the evening, except when the kid or suede match the gown, ficelle tints will be the smartest. These embrace tones which are almost apricot, and others which are nearly pink. The newest fans are of embroidered blonde mounted on ivory sticks carved to match the blonde. In it are inserted small hand-painted designs on lisse,, a particularly pretty and appropriate one being spangled dragon flies in electric and changing metallic hues. Brown and bronze Shoes being almost equally worn with black in the house, brown and tan stockings are naturally much in favour. These are worn with embroidery in pale blue and in delicate pink, many having stripes of openwork alternating with lines of embroidery, as this is, perhaps, just a little more becoming to the foot. Black and. tan is to be a very stylish combination, and champagne-colour mingled with black, or with peach trees, will also be regarded as quite up to date. Black is to be mixed with almost everything, so women will be sombre and subdued in attire and in sympathy with the year, now in the days of its fall, as this season is generally called across the ocean London Daily Telegraph. 