MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. [By Trumpator.] Melbourne, October 27. •siiico last I wrote several more prominent candidates for the V.R.C. honours have come to grief. Molos's breakdown Beems like an event of some time ago, but Zalinski's mishap j ib quite a recent occurrence. I was at St. Albans from Saturday until yesterday, and Mr. W. R. Wilson, who went down to see hiB liorses on Saturday night, reoeived the un pleasant news from Mr. Hacdonald directly he arrived. It seems the spikes of the black thorn hedgeB, which give such a picturesque appearance to the enclosure at St. Albans, are so poisonous that picking up one of these formidable weapons is as dangerous to a horse as the annexation of a rusty nail would bs. Well, Zalinski had the bad luck to tread on one of these spikes towards the end of the week, and despite all the applications of strong lxraltices, the colt has become bo lame that all hopes of running him at the Spring Meeting had to be abandoned, and at 1,50 p.m, yester day he was struck out of all engagements. The son of Frailty is a magnifioent colt, of much neater power than Strathmore, and although the latter was the stable choice for the Derby, Mr. Wilson was bent on having a go at Marvel in the weight for age races with Zalinski, and he was greatly disappointed at having to scratch the oolt. Another week will, it , is thought, see the big fellow over his trouble, and it is to be hoped he will be at hiB best when the autumn comes round. Strathmore. who is one of the idle contented port, has not nearly so much power as I expected to see; but be is a nice, round barrelled horse, and well up to Derby weights. Since Caulfield he has pleased Mr. Macdonald in every way, and the way be runs out the Derby, distance makes his Mentor feel rather sanguine about the Cup as well as the Derby. He hardly looks to be strung up to the same pitch as Oxide and Stromboli, but the gallop ing he will get between the time I saw him and next Saturday should fit him to run out the distance, as he is a splendid-winded horse. The tracks at St. Albans are kept in splendid order, and they are quite as fast as those at Flemington without being so hard and jarring to the feet. Since Mr. Wilson bought the place a tower for watching the work has been built on the edge of the tracks, and inside there are scraping sheds and an enclosure in which the horses walk about while waiting for their turn to work. Tne thick hedge all round the track makes it neces sary to mount the Stand to see the work, and consequently only those privileged to take a place in the tower can see what is going on and check the horses. Despite breakdowns and rumours of break downs, there are likely to be about forty left in the Melbourne Cup after the final payments to-day. Of course a great many of those will be just going on the off-chance, but now that so many of the cracks have given way the race does not lookashard to win as it would have been if Carbine, Melos, and Vengeance had kept well. Megaphone will probably have the honour of carrying top weight. Really well he is a weight-for-age horse, but he hardly works in his best form just now, and good horse though Highborn is, he scarcely strikes me as being made of the stuff from which Carbines, Abercorns, Meloss, and Marvels are manufac tured. That Highborn, who is in grand form, will be fighting on when many of his opponents are anchored is very likely, but still 9 st. 1 lb. is a lump of weight for a horse of any but the highest class. The black fellow was backed in' earnest for the Cup last night, and I never saw a horse go better to the end of a two-mile gallop than he did this morning. Mr. Forrester intends to run him in the Melbourne Stakes, and does not quite despair of beating Marvel. Here I may mention that several other owners intend to have a cut at the flying black on Saturday, and among the competitors is likely to be Paris, the hero of the track until Marvel ran his mile and a half in 2.41J in the rain this morning. The running of Paris will be watched with great interest. Then Malvolio is going to enter the lists, and,so are Mega phone, Correze, and Whimbrel. If all these horses go to the post and try, the Melbourne Stakes may once more be the most interesting race of the meeting. I say try, because there is no doubt some of the lot which opposed Marvel at Caulfield were only out for a gallop. Now, however, all have been 'backed for the Cup, and there is nothing to be gained by pull ing them off at the turn. Most of the good judges who see the work at Caulfield prefer Malvolio to the rest of the Cup horses. He haB done a splendid preparation, and whenever be goes the Cup distance he finishes with something in hand. Pigeontoe's gallop last week was an eye-opener, and if he is sufficiently seasoned this son of St. Albans and Pardon must have a decided chance, but I Hardly like his being removed to Mordialloc at this critical time. It looks suspicious, but after the fact of Lang having taken the colt to the seaside was known the norse was backed for thousands. Greygown has been in a bad way, but Mr. Maitland says he wiH be able to get him to the post. The G'naroo party have got the market to them selves this time, and they must have helped themselves to between £25,000 and £30,000 at 100's to 3 and 4 during the laet few days. Of the Derby colts at Flemington I have a decided preference for Oxide. His gallop with Clonard on Saturday was done so well that I feel sure that in a fast run race he will see the journey right out. while Stromboli will probably cut it at the pinch just as he did in the Guineas. Penance looks very small and mean for a Derby' colt, moreover he is not nearly so forward as the other colts, who have been working while he was on the sick list. Swordbearer we have not seen much of yet, and Tliv Rebel is down at Sandringham. Both Strathmore and Oxide have been gal loped with good horses, and came through the ordeal satisfactorily, so that I feel pretty confi dent that if the pace is good they will fight out the finish. Strathmore looks more like a Derby colt than Oxide, and for this reason, coupled with bis easy defeat of Stromboli at Caulfield, I shall give the St. Albans colt the preference, but at the same time Oxide is sure to die very hard. There is no doubt about Stromboli having tremendous pace, and in a slow-run race he may smother tnem ail, but it is hardly likely the race will be a repetition of last year's Derby, when Hales succeeded in getting them to canter for half the distance so as to save tho Admiral's fine speed for a run home. The Moonee Valley Cup Meeting attracted a larger crowd than ever, and the presence of the Governor was an honour not often accorded to Mr. W. S. Cox's course. Backers went for a plunge on Moonray for the St. Albans Handicap, but the result proved that Carlyon's sister is not quite so invincible as The Captain and Onyen, both wore her down in the last fnrlong. The winner is..te, Robinson Crusoe from the Morphectville-btf|d Marie Louise (a full sister to Hortense),.*jM it was only in accordance with the fitneicf things that Mr. S. G, Cook should win the first handicap he started in after writing his silly letter to tho papers abusing the handicapper. Like all other racing men, Mr. Cook comes in for seemingly hard treatment at times, but 1 could name several other owners who might complain with much mora reason. Results show that Mr. Cock has quits his fair share of success in handicaps, but if an occa sional letter brings in its track a series of wins I suppose The Admiral's owner will adhere to Sir. F. C. Goyder's plan of indulg ing in a growl whenever he thinks it is time for him to have a good throw in. The experi ment of dividing the Moonee Valley Cup into two races can halrdly be called a success, but there was a good field for the Cup, and it was a pretty race. Little Bob was lucky to have the leaders let liim up on the inside at the home turn, and perhaps had the pony Seacombe gone right on instead'of taking a pull after jumping off first, tli=s Little Bob party might hardly have brought off their coup. The winner is trained by a very deserving member of the old school—Abe Davies—and time after time he has shown pace, but he is a most erratic little fellow on the track, and seldom does more than canter. Dandy, who once belonged to Mr. Ferry, fairly ran away with the Steeplechase, and in the Purse Abe Davies's rank outsider, My Queen, just shot a scream ing favourite in First Boolka on the post. Winter, the winner of the Pony Race, is a beautifully bred filly by July (brother to Sir Modred), which Mr. W. R. Wilson bought at a yearling sale in New Zealand and resold to Mr. R. K. Maitland last March. The sale yesterday afternoon was poorly at tended, and very few horses were quitted. The biddings for Dillon reached 350 gs., but he was missed, and later on both Competency and Ragamuffin failed to change hands. Happy Jack looked such a little fellow in the ring that 850 gs. seemed quite enough money for him,-but the reserve was a-thousand. . Mirnee, who would never be taken for a brother of Malua, was sold to Mr. Glenister for 500 gs. Mr. Loughlin got rid of Teksum and Whaka wai; but Don Giovan, who should make a first-class sire, was allowed to go out, although Mr. Yuille announced that 100 gs. would buy him. Surely such a fine upstanding and well bred horse should be dirt cheap at double this money. The Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday seems to have passed off successfully. Screwwrench has achieved the object for which he was pur chased, and Mr. A. G. Downer has won his second Hunt Cup, the first having been Celt credited him by Celt early in the seventies. On that occasion Unknown won by the length of the sheet; but Mr. M. C. Morris had gone the wrong side of a flag, and so poor old Celt, who was very badly beaten, got the stakes. Screwwrench got rid of a dangerous rival in Gossip under peculiar circumstances. It seems almost impossible for a man to take the wrong course at Morphettville, and that Mr. A. Ferry should make such a mistake seems very strange; but I suppose a re port of the meeting will give some particulars. Simpleton would appear to be nretty well again, and as the big fellow and llonita are both engaged in several suburban hurdle races, I suppose we may expect Air. Ferry over directly. I have the best of reasons for writing that Coiythus will be seen at Flem ington with Scobie up next week, and I fancy he wiil take the first Hurdle Race to Ballarat. At present the St. Albans paddocks are clothed with grass up to the horses' knees, and I never saw brood mares in such splendid con dition. They have had a splendid season over here, and with the irrigation works on the banks of the Barwon in good working order, most of the paddocks can be flooded at any time the want of rain is being felt. There are such a host of thorough breds on the estate that one cannot do justice to them all in a day. Since last I was down several mares have been added to the collection of gems in theetud, the most notable acquisi tion being Mersey, a small but very neat little chesnut mare, who is known all over the world as the dam of the mighty Carbine. Among the twenty-eight well-grown yearling colts is a chesnut from Mersey, and I believe that with the exception of Carbine all the mare's foals have followed their dam in the matter of colour. The youngsters to go up for sale in March number thirty-nine, and only eleven of these are fillies. They are a splendid lot, and contain so many close relations to celebrated performers that Mr. Wilson can hardly fail to have a good sale, even though the want of money may be pinching would-be buyers when the autumn comes round. With mares in such magnificent condition it is only natural that the crop of foals should look well. I suppose there must be about sixty on the estate, and I never saw such a sturdy, well-grown lot—hardly a small delicate-looking one among them, and almost each successive one you come to seems to claim relationship to some good horse or mare. The way the Newminsters and Robinson Crasoes are running this season speaks volumes for these two sires, and trainers seem unanimous in their desire to get hold of Newminster's yearlings next March. Robinson Crusoe is always doing well, and it is quite on the cards that the shipwrecked hero's Survivor out of the South Australian bred RuBtic Lass and Meli, a big plain colt by Newminster from Melos's sister. Melodious, will fight out the finish of the Maribyrnong Plate on Saturday. The four sires are looking the picture of health, Newminster especially looking much fresher and younger than when I saw him last. They are all ridden out to exercise every day, and this system no doubt serves to keep them in a hard, healthy state. Trenton is as beautiful as ever. He is not such a big one as Cuirassier or Zalinski, but is a grand-looking stallion all the same, and such a great performer should soon establish his claim to rank with Nordenfeldt in representing their defunct sire Musket. Eiridsford, a son of Isonomy and Sonsie Queen, is another great fine horse, and be has lost all that coarse ap pearance which was noticeable when first ne arrived from England. Such length in the quarters and splendid back and loin are seldom seen in a horse, and although still a little on the leg, he is sure to let down with age. Eiridsford's foals are won derfully like their sire, being long in the rein with short backs, long muscular quarters, and full of substance everywhere. During this week and the next Mr. Macdonald will have a number of visitors from the other colonies to show round St. Albans, and he can hardly fail to bo gratified at having the place itself and all the stock in such a luxuriant state. All that is required to make the Manager of the great Stud Farm supremely happy will be the victories of a Newminster or Robinson Crusoe in the Maribyrnong Plate, and Strath more in the Derby. Melbourne. October 28. The final acceptances for the Cup show that the field will not reach anything like the total of thirty-nine, which started last year. A great many retired yesterday, and many a drawer of a nag in the £100,000 sweepstakes will be disappointed when he reads the list of probable starters this morning. With the ex ception of Glenloth and Gresford I doubt if any of the non-contents will be missed, and it is a satisfaction to know that the big sweeps 'frill not be the means of converting a number of the no-possible-ohance-wbatever brigade Itito starters. Talking of sweeps reminds me that a member of the Assembly over here proposes to introduce a Bill to stop people sending money through the P.O. to Adams & Co. Of the lot re maining in the Cup six are engaged in the Derby, and the result of that race may still further reduce the field. The Maiden Plate is now the opening event in the V.R.C. Spring programme, and the best of the lot engaged are Catling, Norbert, Steadfast, and Stern chaser. I suppose the New Zealander will run in the Derby. Possibly Steadfast may also be wanted for the Blue Riband, but assuming that Mr. Wilson elects to run the black in this race Steadfast may carry the St. Albans colours to the fore, and after him I like Galling and Norbert, the former for choice if he will only try. Next comes the Melbourne Stakes, and as I wrote yesterday several owners have vague hopes of lowering the colours of Marvel. Had Zalinski kept well lie might have accomplished this feat, but I doubt anything else being equal to the occasion, and I shall look forward to Marvel scoring comfortably, while Highborn, Mega phone, Correze, and Malvolio may fight out the places. I have left out Paris, as it seems hardly likely that he will oppose his stable companion. The race is sure to have a great effect on the Cup betting, as something like half a dozen welj-backed candidates are likely to start and do their level best I have an idea that Highborn will come through the ordeal with credit. The Hotham Handicap may see Pigeontoe at the post, as the penally he would incur by winning will hardly prejudice bis Cup chance, and Lang is not the man to turn up his nose at a stake like this, especially as a race in public should do the brother to Lady Betty a deal -of good. Clonard, 8 st 8 lb., and Tantallon, 8 st. C lb., read well, and Quality is beautifully handicapped at 7 st. Merriment, 7 st, 6 lb., and Ronald, 7 fit. 0 lb., also look tempting, while if Firelock, the brother to MatchlocK, has the ghost of a show in the Melbourne he should have a great chance here. With no acceptances until scale it is liard to arrive at probable starters, but Clonard and PujemUoc strike me as a likely pair to provide the winner. . , The Derby follows, and there is not much to add to what I have already written concerning this race. That it is considered a certainty for one of three may be gathered from the faot that Mr. Oxenham, who now stands out as ; the leader of the ring, last night offered 10 to 1 bar three. The probable starters are Strath more, The Rebel, Aster. Swordbearer, Ascot Vale, Oxide, Stromboli, Psnance, Stemohaser, : and perhaps Steadfast and another of Pay ten s. During the last few days the chancef of Sword bearer, The Rebel, and Penanee have come to be very lightly thought of, and backers now look forward to a race between Strathmore, Oxide, and Stromboli. With a good sound pace all the way, I am content to discard Stromboli, but Oxide is such a good game colt that Strathmore is sure to experience no end of trouble from him. Both have been highly tried with reliable '"clocks,'' Oxide having beaten Clonard, while Strathmore did ditto by Forest King. Taking time as a criterion, Stratbmore's gallop was the better of the two, but I do not place much reliance in time as a means of trying a horse wanted for a! race of any distance, and feel certain that Oxide will run a great race. True Clonard was hardly set for a gallop on Saturday, and Forest King, the colt selected to try Strathmore with, is a noto riously generous -horse in private, but all the same, Mr. Hall's coltfinished with such deter mination that I expect to see him prove a most troublesome nut for the favourite to crack, but in giving the choice to Strathmore. I am following form as represented by the St. Alban'scolt'sdefeat of Stromboli intheGuineas. When they met in Sydney there was nothing between Stromboli and Oxide; so if the Caul field running is a true index of the merits of Strathmore and the Syndicate colt, then, de spite his meritorious display with Clonard, the present favourite for the Derby should be ablo to lower the colours of Oxide. In a true-run race Stromboli may even miss a place, and in the attempt to forestall Mr. McCullochs de cision I shall put them— Strathmore i Oxide « The Rebel 3 The Maribyrnong Plate looks a very open affair after Moonray's defeat at Moonee Valley on Saturday ; but it must be remembered that the sister to Carlyon was carrying 9 at. then, and here she will have 8 st. D lb. Sur vivor, by Robinson Crusoe from Rustic Lass, Meli, by Newminster from Melodious, and Vangrave, by Kpigraro from Courtesy, are all good colts, but Moonray is sure to run as straight as an arrow, and I shall give her the preference over the three colts 1 have mentioned, notwithstanding her defeat at the bands of The Captain and Ouyen. The Cohurg Stakes is a very hard race to pick. Hero 9 st. 2 lb., Tarcoola 9 st. 1 lb., Gladstone 8 st. 11 lb., Deerswood 8 st. 2 lb., Sadim 7 st. 9 lb.. Quality 7 eta 7 lb., and Fortunatus 7 st. 1 lb., are all very smart over a mile and a furlong, and perhaps Hero or Sadim may be equal to the task of winning, while Dillon should run respectably. Another opportunity will be afforded. me of dealing with ihe Melbourne Cub. Saturday s running may render the task of selecting the winner comparatively easy, but at present the big handicap .of the year has never looked more open. Tirailleur, the top weight, has been going better in his work, lately, but I doubt if he will receive notice from the Judge. Megaphone is such a jood horse that 1 am loth to pass him by. Be went a fairly good gallop yesterday, but is not working like he did prior to Sydney, and unless he runs well in the Melbourne Stakes I shall not include Mr. Wallace's horse m the dangerous division. Highborn has plenty of weight, but no horse will strip in better condi tion, and besides being brilliant enough to secure a place, the son of Grandmaster is a proved stayer. G'Naroo may run well, but I no not fancy him. Correze must be very hard to beat, and on paper be holds Highborn safe, but I doubt his being quite so fit as the black, and wherever the cbesnut finishes I shall expect the Warwick Farm horse to be with him. Sir William is greatly fancied by his own people, and we all know what a really goodhorse he is when at his best. Grcygown will start, but I am afraid he will be at adisadvantage m consequence of the stoppage of his work, but mindful of the Bravo experience many will take a long shot about the grey. Whimbrel finishes in so slovenly a way that I must leave him alone. Malvolio. the great tip of the Caulfield division, finishes all his gallops with something in hand, and they 6ay he carries 9 st He will of course run in the Melbourne Stakes, and we will then be able to form a good opinion as to bis chance on Tuesday. Tantallon ran badly last year when a great tip. He has had no Carbine to knock him out this time, but he has not shown any startling form on the track. Paris may win from end to end. No one who sees his performances in the morning can leave the little fellow out of his Cup calculations, and yet the heroes of these sensational gallops seldom shine in the aotual race. It muBt not be supposed that there is any fear of Paris leaving the race on the track. He has only once been thoroughly extended, and that was yesterday, when he went the two miles, and the boy was told to ride him out so as to let Monaghan see how he would finish. The result thoroughly satisfied Monaghan, and to test the value of the gallop Marvel was sent a mile and a half over the same ground and ridden right out. The great son of Marvellous succeeded in making the Flemington record for the distance, but as Paris was only a second and a half longer in covering that part of his two miles he must indeed be accounted a wonder in private, and whatever may be his fate when he comes to get bumped about in a big field the son of Grandmaster will be regarded with wholesome dread by the owners of other ho ses until he is beaten. Annesley is well, and Power has been at Ballarat since Saturday trying him, but I don't think Soobie fancies he can win this race. Lyndhurst .is a decided outsider, but Muriel is a good mare, and she looks much better than she did last|year. Muriel's form is good, and her connections have backed her for a big stake. Ring OlaJ has been a failure here, but he can gallop, and so can the fillieB Litigant and Prelude, put I do not fancy either for this race. Cobham is not a bad sort of horse, but a 7 lb. penalty should stop him. Gatlrng may absolutely win if the brute should be in the humour to gallop. He ran well last yeai% And was prominent all the way in the Caulneld Cup. Stromboli I shall discard, and also Yowr; but the Tyler and Forty Winks, who work to gether, arc a couple of heavily backed outsiders. With no great horses in the race I expect to see Oxide-and Strathmore prove very dangerous. No Derby winner has got home since Martini Henry, butyear after year we seethe youngsters handy, and both Strathmore and Oxide finish their daily gallops as though they could ran on for an extra half mile. Pigeontoe looks the best of the others. At present he is under a cloud — a light one, however — owing to Lang havin„ - token him to Mordialloc, but I must keep _ such a fine horse on my side. The lot I like are Highborn, Gorreze, Malvolio, Paris, Oxide, S ti ath more, and Pigeon toe. Possibly the whole of these will appear in public next Saturday, and after seeing them perform I must make a final selection. At present I am inclined to think that whatever wins the Derby will go very near winning the Melbourne Gup. Mr. Ferry arrived last night with Simpleton and Bonita. They have both been entered at some of the subiu-ban meetings, and, if he is fresh and well, Simpleton should be able to pickup a hurdle raco or two before he returns home. The veteran owner and trainer, Mr. T. Ivory, has arrived with the ancient Lancer, whohas paid up for the Melbourne Cup. Melbourne, October 29. There was a great gathering of the clans at Flemington this morning. From half-past 4 o'clook traps of all descriptions were rattling through Newmarket in the direction of the training ground, and the 4.45 train from Mel bourne brought out a full load of amateur touts all bound for the Saltwater Flat. The visitors were lucky in the weather, as whereas the regulars had to put up with a continuous drizzle on Tuesday and Wednesday, this morning was bright and warm, the only bar to are very thick on the low marshy ground at Flemington when the weather is at all geniaL As a general rule "Jonathan," the much esteemed Ranger, and a polioeman are among the company on the Thursday before tbe Derby, but Jonathan is beginning to feel the effects of old age, and did not form'a busy spectator at this morning's performance. Neither was the man in blue in evidence, and consequently there was no one to keep the—to trainers of horses — unweloome orowd in check. Absence of authority led to people assembling in all sorts of places where their presence was a nuisance to those responsible for the safety of valuable horses, - but luckily no accident of any kind occurred, and tbe morning's work was one of the best I have seen at Flemington even on a Thursday before tbe Derby. Certainly there were nob so many fancied candidates for Blue Riband honours aB has been the case in some previous years—Darebin's and tbe Peers to wit—bub Flemington is rich in Cup horseB this Beason, and with four fair Derby gallops, and nearly all the Cup nags going, those who oame out to see must have gone back well pleased with their excursion—that is, provided they were able to recognise the different hors6B, a task which must have puzzled those who oould nob chum up with some habitut capable of enlightening them as to the identity of tbe nags spinning along from 5 o'clock until 7. The regulars who attend the early morning rehearsals as a duty hardly greet the advent of the occasional visitor with feelings of pleasnre. To them the hours spent on the Flat are a matter of business, ana while wel coming the company of a man known as an expert with a watch and capable of telling one horse from another, the experienoed tout docs not relish having his attention distracted with endlesB questions from persons who oannob tell him anything he does not know concern ing the immediate business in hand. Steal ing' away from the crowd the wiseacres of the track congregated in little groups by themselves, a knot of newspaper' men picking out a tan heap between the two track*,, where they could catch all the furlong post*. They did not retain undisputed possession of their fortress for long, however, as some of tins 'Arries quickly spied out the possessors of watches and notebooks, and marked them as likely men to satisfy their queries. ' Soon these interlopers had the tan heap to themselves, and the PresBmen went further inland to seek shelter from the constant interruptions of the once-a-year-division. NeedlesB to Bay the tracks were fast. Never in the. recollection of the oldest tout has there been so much of what is technically termed watch-breaking as this spring has seen. The floods must have washed no end of sand off tbe outer rink and left the hard bottom com paratively bare. The going is intensely hard, and as a consequence many .trainers leave tbe regular track and exercise on the tan, which is throe furlongs loss in oircumferanoe than the sand. Mr. Forrester has always given the inner rink the preference over the outer, bub until this year few horses besides the War wick Farm contingent patronised tan in. preference to sand. There is a cinder track inside the tan again, but this has quite gone out of favour, and even in tbe wettest of weather, when galloping elsewhere iB' im possible, hardly bought experience has taught trainers that it is better not to go at all than to court the almost inevitable breakdown which follows a "willing go" on the cinders. Little Bob is the exception which proves the rule as far as the cinders are concerned. He insists on doing his bIow work almost " broad side on," and Abe Davis putB him on the cinders so as to keep him out of the road of other horses. For the benefit of those who are innocent of the details of the training grounds at head-quarterB I may mention that the sand track is a mile and three furlongs round; and the tan a mile. The first Derby colt to face tbe musio this morning was Swordbearer. He went the dis tance with Singapore and was beaten. "Nogood at all," said the regulars, who have good reason to know that Singapore is a duffer, but then Swordbearer may have been loaded, and of course thiB would make all the: difference. The market is a better guide than the track as a rule, and as the stable failed to get all the money at 10's they wanted on Wednesday evening perhaps McKenna regulated Sword bearer's.work with a view to making him ease in price to-day. Here let me remark that The Rebel was invested with the order of the knock at the Rooms last night. Beaton by Yartan in a trial is the cause assigned, and if so Yarran will come into request. Penance was scb a severer task than usual. Instead of work-. ing with a boy up Gough was in the saddle. The little fellow beat Jack off, bub did not finish like a probable Derby winner, and a place is about the most to be expected of Penance. He will not get this if Stromboli fights to a finish, but I have my doubts on this score. Oxide was the next to go, and he cannot fail to have pleased all by the sterling way in which he went through his allotted task. Fitto run for a kingdom, and inheriting aU the bulldog courage of his sire, Oxide will die very hard on Saturday. It is the fashion to race bitn small, but although a little narrow and slack behind the saddle, he is a really nice lengthy colt, and a good deal bigger than most people think. Whether he is quite good enough for Strathmore remains to be seen, but I think he will beat everything else and ran a great race for the Cup into the bargain. Stromboli is a flyer and no mistake, but once be begins to feel galloping an exertion he seems to throw up the sponge in the most pronounced manner, and having seen him collapse in his work and heard of his doing it in the Guineas, I shall expect to see the son of Etna give way to Strathmore and Oxide abonb the distance-post—thatis, unless therace is run to suit him. There was a time when all eyes would have hi en turned towards the Maribyrnong Plate on a day like this, but antepost betting on the big two-year-old race is a thing of the past, and the young ones were allowed to run along this morning without coming in for much notice. The Caulfied edit Meli easily -settled Happy .Jack and Moonray was im mensely superior to Kossuth, but I did not titne either, Vaiigrave also appeared to go well with Dan O'Connor. The straight was to bo open after breakfast, and. Survivor was waiting to do his gallop there. All the.Cup horses seemed to go wellj and with the exception of a slight soreness visible in G'naroo they are as fresh on their pins as if they had just been taken up instead of being at we end of a long and severe preparation. Highborn bowled along in fine style, and if he haa only been in this form last year what a pot the Warwick Farm people would have landed. Bel Giorno only went a mile along side the big fellow, but he seems to stay well enough. Correze delighted his admirers, but he has never yet been the distance. However, he is a proved stayer, and doubtless Duggan thinks there is no necessity to send the bonny chesnut the full journey. This morning, in spite of his weight and bar shoes, Cor reze made a haok of Norbert. Sir William's mile and three-quarters was a sterling perfor mance for such a sluggard. He is in capital buckle, and Keys will not hear of his defeat in the Cup. I must say I respect his ohance, as public form has repeatedly proved him to be a real, good horse, and 8 st. 7 lb. is only a handy weight for such a performer. Paris took matters easily, and yet he made time. Monaghan only pretends to really extend this flying machine once a week, as he is one of the ligbt-fleshed sort that do not require beltingalong three and four times a week. Forty Winks and The Tyler seem much of a muchness, and both very good at that, but all Sydney declares that with the colours up Forty Winks will beat the other chesnut. He has a nice creeping style of moving, his action being just suited to getting over a distance without tiring. Cobham did nob gallop; neither did Tantallon, but the beautiful King Ol&f; astonished us all by running a mile and a half that has only been beaten in point of time by Marvel. Excuses exist for King Olaf not having run up to expectations einoe he came to Melbourne, and he may have to be reckoned with next Tues day. Whimbrel bad Power to guide him, and that clever ,judge of work took care to ride him so as to make a better finish than the son of Curlew has lately treated us to. Very sanguine are the' Whimbrel party, and if ne nearly wins the Melbourne Stakes it will not surprise J. Nicholson. Backers of Megaphone were on good terms with themselves when the big fellow got to the end of a mile and a half in 2 mill. 43 sec. With Ramage up this iB travel ling, and I am curious to see whether Mega phone will run well enough in the Melbourne atakeB to recover bia position in the Cup bet ting. The Sir William and Stromboli gallop over, the orowd began to disperse in the direc tion of the Racecourse Hotel, where a number tarried to compare notes and discuss the de tails of one of the most stirring mornings evor spent on the celebrated Salt Water Flat. 