THE FIRST HEATH. (from tub french.) La Farlede was a little village of four nr five hundred inhabitants between Amicus and Abbeville. Sad in autumo, gay in spring time, calm, silent, stretched along a wide road, ita bouses low, with roofs black and pointed, surrounded by swampy meadows and crowned by a forest or oaks, it was a counter part of all foe other villages of Pioardy. Yes, it was a counterpart, even to the coquettish chateau, its walls of red brick, its window- casings of white stone, that is always part and parcel of a Picardian landscape, and as it stands a thousand metres, more or less, from tbe outskirts of those tiny provincial hamlets. LaFarfede, at tbe moment this story opens, was in a hubbub of excitement, for a cemetery, their own individual burying-vronnd, had been achieved at last. The municipal council, which bad eo long hoarded the funds drawn from foe ratepayers for foe purpose, had finally seen fit to purchase an ancient field, to wall it iu, and to consecrate it to the well- ' merited repose of the people of the country : 44 and on and after the 1st November, 18—," eo the announcement read, " the cemetery now definitely enclosed would be ready for the reception of its guests," Naturally enough, everyone goninped and jested with his neighbour on foe subject of the i " elect" who would point out foe road to his compatriots, but the hubbub increased to a positive riot when simultaneously with the con clusion of the ceremonies that made of tbe ancient field a " Gottaaker," handbills appeared on all the walls, including theMaire'a, to tbe followingeifeet; ' 44 Whereas, being sound of mind and . sound of body, 2 hereby declare that in order to soothe and sweeten the last moments of him or of hor who will be the first to inaugurate the new cemetery, I have placed in the hands oftbe M&ire; of La Farlede the sum of ten thousand francs, to be delivered to tbe family of the first inhabitant who departs forauother and perhaps a better world, on and after fois the day of opening, November 1, 18—," " In witness whereof, sigued and sealed by myself, 44 Jean Brrunnreus." In other words, the proprietor of the chateau already described, formerly a Bohemian of foe artellers of tbe Boulevard Clincby, and en riched by foe decease of an aunt who, at the final moment, had consented to accord him her forgiveness for the profession he had chosen, and to leave bim the inheritor of a goodly estate. In the days of his youth an incorrigible joker, he still at times, as iu foe matter of his hand- bill, indulged in the same propensity. The statement of the placard was true, however, and in foe twinkling of an eye foe news was all over tbe village. Groups of people congregated before the bills to read for themselves, while others, more incredulous, ran to foe Mai re to ask for confirmation of foe same. 44 The fact is exactly as given," he responded, promptly; " there iB no mistake about it. The money is in my bonds, and will so remain," etc.. etc. The announcement thus officially vouched for, everyone joyously returned to his home to begin at once the calculation of hie chances— to take stock, as it were, of those belonging to him, and to estimate their average longevity. It goes without saying that those of foe inha bitants fortunate enough to have rick or very aged relatives were filled with triumph, though, of coarse, they triumphed secretly and in silence, whilst foe others— those whose families were sound and healthy— were forced to com fort themselves with foe forlorn hope of an acci dent, an unexpected seizure, or insidious draughts of air. 44 Such-and-Buch a one's taking-oil," they recalled, 44 had been extremely sudden; So-and- so's trifling illness fatal ; unlooked-for deaths were always occurring," and those thousand tantalising pistoles danced a saraband in their dreams even when they fell asleep. As for the Maire, poor man, life had become a burden to bim because of the hourly deputa tions and avalanche of queries to which he was forced to listen. "Must foev be of foe village ?" they besought him anxiously, 44 or was it sufficient to be a member of the parish ? Did children count, or relatives by marriage, or those whom death might take by violence ?"— queries that plainly betrayed the villagers' anguish of mind and hugely amused the donator. It iB notevery day, as you know, that people give up foe ghost iu villages, and a whole week passed by after the opening of the cemetery without an event cf the kind occurring. Still thebraiDSof the people continued to be over excited, and every one, from baker to butcher, from curate to husbandman, laid off work from time to time to measure with hie eye, or calcu late mentally, foe additional goods or farming ground purchasable with foe money— only the cafes were busier than ever. By foe end of the week the story of the hand bills had become an old one, but by no means a less absorbing one, though foe villagers no longer lowered their eves or voices when dis cussing the matter, and openly footed up the chsnces. The family of a certain La Poireaux by common consent had settled it that they were to be the fortunate inheritors, for had they not among them, this family La Poireaux, an old wreck from Trafalgar, living by force of habit alone— a wheezy, yellow, dried-up old mummy, whom twice a day they camed.-to foe door to bask iu foe sunshine, and whose demise had long been expected. 44 But sometimes these aged ones live for ever," objected a malicious listener, 14 and this one shows no more signs of dying than he has done for six months past." 44 All the same," added another, 44 it is foe family La Poireaux whom the Maire has his eye upon." Nevertheless, despite foe anguish of desiro that had seized upon all in tbe race for this money, La Farlede possessed no assassin. It was true that foe ailing and very aged had become a centre of interest to every one in foe Jamuy, xor uiey wouiu uu aoie, u hcuuididu- dating, to leave behind them a snug little sum, yet no one dreamed of accelerating their departure. In foe households of the Jess-hsppfly placed foe interest was equally absorbing — a bareh cough, a laboured breathiog bringing foe ear upon the alert in an instent. Coughs and difficult breathings wore harbingers, of inflam mation of the lungs, and inflammation of foe lungs, as every one knew, took its victim quickly. If another one had a red face or an indigestion tbey awaited apoplexy, and a child who had been an invalid from birth, and began to recover from foe moment of the proclama tion, was cut off with a shilling in foe will of an indignant aunt, whose heir it had previously been. The entire village at foe expiration of this same week was pale and emaciated. Even those who had scoffed foe loudest at this writing for dead men's shoes no longer slept tranquilly ; drunkards drank twice as much as they bad drunk before ; foe ovariciouB cursed in secret; while the sick, on foe contrary, the only ones who objected to this fashion of ring ing the bell, seemed to vie with each other in the baste of their recovery. On the morning of the 10th of November, however, a bell, or rather a knell, did ring out, iustead of the morning Angelue, ana foe people, falling over each other in foe darkness, and railing at fate, precipitated themselves towards the church to learn who had woq. Alas, arrived there, breathless and panting, it was only to find that the beadle (as usual), full as a thrush, more dazed than ever from brood ing upon foe promises of foe placard, and thinking of nothing but death, had rung with out reason. Truly it was time this business should end, or they would all be as mad as foe beadle. Ah, well, there lived at this time iu La Farlede a poor and unfortunate peasant, married, the father of two little helpless babies, and with whom nothing bad ever succeeded. Though scarcely past his fortieth year, he had run through every country of foe world, to return at laat, vanquished, to bis native village. He was a good fellow, gentle, affectionate, dreamy, aud inoffensive, but he was unable to grin a living for himself or family in a country where foe struggle with the earth was bard and endless. His riender frame took badly to the labour of foe fields, end he possessed no other Te&ouroee.; Misery aud want encom passed foe household, and each evening before the smoking cinders the wife cried in undress- ing the children, aud he, tortured and cowed by a. sense of weakness and failure, writhed in j secret. , The placard of the painter Bitumineux bad I made upon bim, as upon the rest of them, a deep impression. Nay, more than that,. it had given hiin »n idea. What if he should be foe one to leave ten thousand irujics to his wretched family ? It would lift them above want for ever ; they would be able with tbe money to purchase at Abbeville, perhaps, a haberdashery — perhaps a more pretentious shop. His wife was intelligent, industrious— she would euroly prosper at the business. He saw them already, these deprived ones, secure of tbe necessities he had been unable to give them, the- boy later on employed in a bank, the girl married to a. commtssaire. That evening he embraced them and held them upon his breast longer than usual, mur muring as he watched them Laid upon their scanty straw, 44 1 wfll doit— I must do it ; it is my duty." The idea that had come to him with the read ing of the placard, and born of misery and shame, was suicide. For him it was the re habilitation of all bis disastrous enterprises, tbo atonement for the sorrow that be brought upon his family. But, oh, the agony of parting from these beings so tenderly loveii, whose wel fare and happiness he could seoure at last, but secure only by one means ! He went ont to walk for a wliile in foe em browned fields, the yellowed forest, hut the rustling of foe aead loaves that his foot pushed aside sounded to him like foe rustling of a shroud ; sobs burst from his anguished breast as he regarded the wide heavens, foe valley full of shadows, and the little village that held his all. For a long time he hesitated. Perhaps chance -would deliver him— perhaps it would not be necessary to take his life in order that tbey might live, that they might hare fire upon the darkened hearthstone, and bread in foe empty cupboard. Long ago he had assured himself by talking with a neighbour, who had questioned Maire, that suicides would count in this unreal play. Of course he must kill him self— to wait longer was to permit the chance that as yet was his to be grasped by another. He took his gun, climbed the hillside that overlooked the village, and fixed his eyes upon foe dilapidated roof that did not even shelter his wife and little ones. The next morning, when foev found his body— a wood-cutter passing through the forest had seen it, and spread the news—' foe crowds cursed it, and threw stones at the corpse of the poor bero. The women sought to spit in his face ; while the town council iteelf waited upon M. Bitumineux to demand of him that the money should not be paid to foe family- of each a trickster. The painter responded by adding ten thou sand more to the first ten thousand, and charging himself for ever after with foe care of the widow and her children. 44 It was my fault," he told himself, deeply moved bv the tragedy— "my fault, and but for me the thing would never have happened." Tbe Maire alone and foe gendarmes, whom it bad been necessary to call upon before the body of tfiEjnartyr oould be laid m foe ground, fol lowed it to its last resting-place, ana that same day " the old wreck from Trafalgar" and two beside him passed to their last account Tbe memory of foe suicide is still cursed throughout foe whole of Pieardy, and upon his tomb one reads the inscription cut there by a cunning but sacrilegious band during tbe dark ness of the night after the interment) The ditch of the thief. 