S I OKIES OF BIRMINGHAM LIFE. BY HORACE PENDRED. .'No. 1.—The Section 1 Summons " Be walking up. I'll catch you in a jiffy—forgot my bag," and Tom Huddestone veered suddenly round, nearly capsizing in his haste a portly old gentleman, whose hat I stooped to pick up as Tom, shouting an apology, stemmed the stream of people back to the train which had just dis gorged us and the crowd. "You must excuse my friend's haste," I remarked to the elderly gentleman, as I handed him his beaver, admiring as I did so his fine head of wavy white hair, " he did not see you." " Evidently not," he rejoined with -a twinkle of humour in his eye; " Nor was I prepared in a crowd all going in one direction for such a sud den faceabout—good morning." I walked slowly out of the huge station, and paused opposite the Att wood monument to await my forget ful friend, who I may here say had only recently started aB a solicitor in the town, and being rather young in practice, as well as years, was perhaps not accustomed to carry brief-bags, as the foregoing episode might suggest. I had stood for a minute or two, gazing rather abstractedly across the street, when I became conscious that someone had baited by my side. Turning my head I saw that it was a woman, and it was apparent from the manner she looked doubtfully about that she was uncertain of. her way. 1 was struck at once with the singular beauty of her countenance, ,and though her black dress waswprp and ,shabby tbere was that in her bearing which told me that, maugre her sorry apparel, here was a lady. At last; "turning to me she asked in a low hesitating voice, as if she were ashamed of , the question,, if I knew where the County Court was. 1 directed her, and watched her tall supple figure as she strode rapidly up • Corporation Street. Here Huddlestone joined me out of breath. " Never forgot my bag before—had a devil of a bother—porter found it and took it off—wouldn't lose it this morning for the world—hang their polities." With this mixed explanation, which reminded me that Tom was apt to get very heated when drawn into a dis cussion, and that he had been known to leave bis hat in a train when in the middle of an argument, he pushed his aim through mine, and dragged me up Temple Street in the direction of his office. Now i Tom Huddlestone, whose nature was always very much alive, had, since he knocked against me on the station platform, .betrayed a cer tain excitation in his. maftnerj which perhaps an older: memter of his acute profession would have suppressed, and bis manifest anxiety about the re covery of his bag bad whetted my curiosity. " Oh, its only a Section 1 case, caer I ami; but if you've nothing better to do come round to the court about eleven—Judge's Court—and hear me harangue. Then we'll go to the club and lunch." Having only a couple of calls to make I assented, and as we had now reached the building at the top of which Tom had his little office, I left him to mount the three pair of stairs and went my way. Is there a more depressing spectacle in the kaleidoscope of human life than the county court of a large town? Wot being a lawyer or a " bum-bailiff," whose diurnal duties familiarise them to the sight of collective iinpecuni osity, 1 can never enter one of these gloomy edifices without losing some of my natural cheerinesB. The day had assumed a damp and foggy character ; all things seemed shadowy and ghost like ; people and objects appeared and disappeared like the figures of a dream —it was altogether a bad time for animal spirits. So that when 1 entered the BpaciouB building in Corporation Street, where the Daniels of the Credit System dispense their decrees, 1 had already begun to yield to the dolour which sat on everything. My spiritual barometer fell still lower as X mounted the steps of the courts. The fog had penetrated the building, and gave things a dirly yellow aspect; my olfactories became aware of that offensive odour peculiar to county ^ourtsj there was an air of sadness v • brooding over the place, and its un willing occupants—a moral depression in the atmosphere which carried its contagion to all alike This struck me as I peeped through the glazed doors into the Registrar's Court. The Registrar with his dreamy eyes, the grey old usher who kept him self awake by ejaculating " silence!" every now and again, the clerk in the corner who sadly took his " hearing" fees—all reminded me of him of Capua who groaued to Dante, " Men once were we that now are rooted here." The court was full to conges tion . Every seat and every available foot of standing room was occupied." Here all the small and undisputed cases are " heard." Here struggling poverty comes to give an account of itself. The huckster, the Scotch draper, the loaumonger are all evidence. Ever and anon the shrill cry of a child is heard, and the mother looks nervously round, as she opens her breast and hushes it back to quietude. Most of the defendants were • women—workmen's wives who had come to save their husbands' time, and as I looked in at their pinched and anxious features, patiently wait ing their turn, I felt a lump raising in my throat, and had to turn away. With far from lively feelings I walked along the passage, and pushing open a pair of swinging doors entered tne Judge's Court, where the more important and litigious cases are de cided. " Take yer 'at off," commanded a Falstaffian figure in a black robe, as thedoors-closed behind me, and while his adipose*'-person- passed on and mingled with the crowd, I cast my eyes round the court. '.There was a look of deep interest on all faces. But I quickly began to toe more than interested. There in the defendants' box Btood the tall, straight figure of the woman who had enquired her way of me earlier in the morning, and there standing up from among the group of barristers and solicitors was Tom Hudalestone. An expression of chagrin was on his fea tures as if something had gone wrong. His client was speaking, and 1 moved up nearer. " It is true that I have the locket, and that its value more than covers the amount of this debt. Its value to me is more than intrinsic, and believ ing as I did, that all my husband's debts were paid, 1 had hoped to retain that one last relic of him, which 1 possess. But Mr. Wilkins" (looking over to the opposite box at a scrupul ously dressed individual who toyed with an eye-glass and looked at no body), " who is not in need of this money, yet shall have it at at once— he, sir, was my husband's friend, and in honour of his dear .name he does me t^is wrong." She had spoken with dignity, and the^e was a slight touch of scorn in her voice; while as she uttered these last words it grew tremulous, and as < she bowed proudly to the judge, and I turned to leave the box, I could see that her feelings had nearly broken I her down. Whether it was thisemotional strain upon her, or the close atmosphere of the court or both combined, I could not say; but as she stepped down from her place she turned white as marble, and staggering would have fallen heavily to the ground had 1 not sprung, forward and caught her. To carry her from the court into an adjoining room was the work of a few seconds. Those in the room stared with astonishment as 1 burst in upon them with a woman in my arms, but quick as thought they made an im provised couch of chairs, and 1 laid her gently down, as Tom, in great agitation, came running in. I supported her head in my arms while he ran for water. Looseniug her dress at the throat to allow freer circulation, :I discovered round her neck a thin gold chain to which was attached a. valuable gold locket stud ded with diamonds. It was her " relic," and the stones dashed up at me ub if in anger that other eyes than hers should rest upon tuem. " Ah, poor soul," said an old woman who had pushed into the room, and who now held one of her bands. "Tier's seen better days nor theBe, and she's more a leddy now than th' other chap's a gentleman, wi' ail his fine rig-out." We bathed her temples with water, aud the oiu lady fauued her with a summons paper, till at last we saw signs of returning consciousness. She opened her eyes, which for a moment; looked vacantly up at the ceiling, and then at the faces round her. " Her's better now. Try and Bit up, ma'am; you'll soon be all right again," and the kindly creature, who had taken my place, lifted her gently into' a sitting position. But she was so, weak and shaken as to be quite help less. We carried rather than assisted her down to a car. . "We must take her home, old man," whispered Tom, seeing me hesitate. " Jump in; we're not far to s°." She lay back in the corner with her eyes closed, as we jogged along through the foggy streets.' Insuffi cient nourishment was no doubt the cause of her prolonged feebleness, for there was that in her face as I came to study it which made her look like , a wasted Iphiginea She lived in the neighbourhood of Gooch Street, and the cab drew up at a house "not many yards away from that gruesome thoroughfare. Having assisted her into a neat, but scantily furnished room on the" first floor—which was her habitat—and given proper instruc tions as to her treatment to her land lady in an amateur way (I knew some thing of the art JEsculapean), we descended the narrow staircase and got into the car again. So far, except a few monosyllables, nothing had been said. It had been like a funeral. But as the Jehu banged the door to. Topi gave expres sion to his penfenp feelings. " Koland, o]d friend,! was neper so cut up in all my life. I,made sure of winning, this case ;, but when that Villain let out' about thei locket^ 1 hadn't a leg to.stand, on,'Nandi Toth looked ruefully out of the window. > " Tell us all about it. What'B her name? Who is she?" "Her name is Elmore—Margaret Elmore. Her husband was an artist, and died about a year ago after mak ing a private arrangement with bis creditors. He had insured his life for £500, but there was something queer about his death, and the insurance people refused to pay up. Most un fortunate for her and the child. From poverty she came to destitution. Some months ago she removed down to Birmingham, where she heard some thing might be made by hand-painting on ivory and papier-mache. In that way she gets a bare subsistence. She don't appear to have any friends or relations, except an eccentric- old uncle, in whose house she had lived till her marriage about two years ago.' She married against bis wish. Her husband was a Freethinker, while the old fellow, it would seem, was an orthodox low Churchman,, not., oyer tolerant to any form of Dissent*. and to Freethinkers he had quite a hatred. In fact, the old Puritan was so strong about it that when he learnt one day that Elmore had taken the chair at a Freethougbt meeting, he forbade him to visit his house again, and to prevent any meetings with the girl he placed her in charge of a duenna. But El more found means of communica tion, aud one day the uncle discovered a note in his handwriting. There was a quarrel and some hard words. Next day she was missing. The elopement estrauged her from all her friends, and she is too proud even in her poverty to appeal to them for the help she needs. This Wilkins it seems was a friend of Elmore's, aud once lent him £20, on an 1.0.U. For some reason the matter was omitted from the list of creditors, and the estate was distributed without'Wilkins be ing paid. Nothing was heard of him, however, till two months ago, when he turned up at Street and declared to the astonished widow that he had loved her all along—would she be hie wife? Now some women, Kolaud, would have beeu glad of the' chance of returning to comfort and perhaps happiness, for Wilkins is a' wealthy man ; but this poor creature repelled the proposal as au iusultto the memory of her husband, whose wife she declared she still spiritually was. The fellow turned nasty. En treaties turned to threats, aud he left the house saying that she would hear more of him. A. fortnight after a Section 1 summons came for £20 money lent to George Elmore. She was dumbfounded. It was the first she had heard of it. She came'to me. After relating her story she showed' me the only valuable she had. It was the locket. Her other belongings wooldnot bare brought £5. She said Wilkin®, did not know of the. locket, and she would rather die than part with it.' It 'eiiikiSned the. portrait of her hiisbahd' with - some bfhis hair. It was a',beautiful piece of work, and with its 1 stonedmight' have fetched. £50. T^\'']^^i^,/Woinep>,\^ro-l perty Adt wais not jret lavjrr and i^lj^l the tribket was put of her huisbahd'a estate. I haw how it was. My heart fe' not over soft, but she. looked so lovely as she recited her seemed so troubled withal, that I said I'd take the matter up for nothings and prove her Unable to pay. All the same,I couldn't understand why the fellow bad taken out the summons, for knave as he was he must hare seen her real position, and that it was hopeless to sue a widow who had little else than her clothes. I understand how, d—n him With which expletive Tom started to chew his moustache" with such energy and with such a choleric look in his chubby features, that in spite of the situation I could not suppress a smile. " Come, edro mio," I said, slapping bis'chessboardunmeutionableB, "you'll never make a lawyer if you take these things so sentimentally. Here'we are at the club." (lb be Contin%ect.) 