Words and tlieir Origin. HOW CERTAIN WORDS HAVE LOST CAST, WHILE OTHERS HAVE BECOME VERY RESPECTABLE. No one 'who has not tried it can appre ciate the fascination, that attends a ramble through, the dictionary in search, of the pedigrees of woi-ds. Suck a pursuit, says the New York TT-rpat.tv is ant to lead the person engaged in. it to jump in a seem ingly desultory way from A to Izzard, and back again, as different -words strike his fancy ? but it is an occupation tliat always arouses the liveliest interest. It is an occupation, too, that is always instructive, for anyone must acknowledge tEe advan tage of knowing such, curious bits of information as that ' divine' and ' devil' come from the same original root ; that ' clause' and ' closet' and ' close' had all the same primary meauing ; that ' claret' is really only a clear wine, and that such ?words as ' loyal' and ' legal,' dissimilar as they are in meaning now, both came to us from the same starting point, but 'with this difference in their journeyings — that one hurried over to us directly from the Latin, while the other tarried on the way in France. The word ' quandary ' furnishes a striking example of verbal derivation. It is compounded of the French, phrase qu' en dirai-je, and expresses very aptly the thought of a man in a dilemma. Other words that we have borrowed from the French have equally entertaining histories. Qwlqtte choses 'we have jumbled into ' kickshaws,' and our ' gewgaws ' repre sent the jourx-jourx, or playthings of former French children. ' Rotten row,' the famous London street, recalls la route du rot (the king's passageway). Our ' dande lion' is dent de leon (the lion's tooth), and ' vinegar' -was once vin aigre (sour wine). Redingote is ' riding coat,' borrowed by the French from our own language, and re turned to us in a new guise 'with the dressmaker's stamp of approvaL ' Bis cuit ' keeps alive the Latin bis coctus (twice cooked), and a ' verdict ' is simply a vere dictum (true saying). Some of our words have had a sad fall from their original high place. ** Hussy ' 'was once a respectable housewife ; a ' knave ' was simply a boy, the German knabe of to-day ; and a ' caitiff ' was in ! the first place merely a captive. A ' vil lain,' before the stigma of disgrace was attached to him, 'was a laborer on the villa of a Romau country gentleman ; but, like the Anglo-Saxon ' boor,' likewise a rustic laborer originally, he has been dealt with harshly by the hand of time. A ' pagan' was a countryman, too, and as he was dila tory about embracing the new religion, of Christ he gave the word its present mean ing-. ' Varlet' is the same *word as ' valet,' and each is an offshoot of the feudal ' vassaL' A like fall from grace has been the lot of ' gossip,' once deno ting ' good tidings,' while ' orchard ' has risen a little from its original designation of ' root-yard.' Kings, in the earliest days, were merely the ' ' fathers of families,' and the word is derived from the same source as ' kin.' Queen at first meant ' wife ' or ' mother,' and a survival of its early signification exists in ' quean,' used now only in a bad sense. An earl was an ' elder ' in the primitive society, while ' pope ' is the same as ' papa,' and czar and kaiser are both ' Caesars.' Lord is the Anglo-Saxon hlaford (loof distributor). The Latin term for 'lord' (dominus) has given us ' dominie,' the old term for preacher, arid the . same root is found in ' dame ' and ' tame.'* Madame is ' my lady,' and sir has been extracted from the Latin word senior, through the French. Our ' currants ' are the diminutive grapes of Corinth, in Greece. ?' Roamers ' are people who go to Rome to see the Pope, and ' Saunterers ;' 'was the appelation bestowed on |the religious enthusiasts who made the pilgrimage to the sainte terre — the holy land. A ' country' dance is a contra (opposite) dance, and the frequently mistaken etymology of this word calls to mind the fact that a ' tube rose' has nothing of the rose about it, being simply a tuberous plant, while ' slav' is not the slave of the old etymologists, but in reality a man of noble lineage. Similarly, ' slop' shop has nothing to do with slops, as some amateur etymologists have asserted, but means clothing shop, the word coming from the Icelandic slopper, a coat. The 'slop chest' on board ship has the same de rivation. ' Foolscap,' too, is not so called from the existence on it of a water-mark resembling a fool's cap, as most people believe, but from the shape of the folio. It is from the same root that we get our word ' foliage.' When a man says he does not care a *' curse' Ke means that he does not cress, the lingual metathesis here being similar to that which makes ' goose berries' out of gorseberries, ' axe' out of ask, and ' wapse' out of wasp. Some other novel curiosities -of derivation are exemplified in such words as ' tart,' which, is merely -a ' twist' (Latin tortus), such as we .have in distort, and ' crullers ' are really ?' curlers.' ' Claret ' and 'clear,' 'clarify' and de-aclare' have all the same root in them. ' Ghostly ' is the same as ' ghastly,' and « vixen ' is a female fox. What a boy means when he speaks of a ' gob ' (Le., a mouthful) is a meaning that is found also in ' gobble,' ** gabble,' and « gibberish,'' *& of which have their source in the Gothic word for ' mouth,' The 'jib' of a ship, and the 'gibbet,' on which the condemned murderer dies, take their origin from a word that meant a *f crossbeam.' ' Firkin ' and ' farthing ' each denote a ' fourth part,' one being the *' fourth 'of a barrel, and the other or a penny. ' Licorice ' is the glycoris or ' sweet root ' of the Greeks, and ' mummeries ' per petuates what the early Christians regarded as the absurdities of ' Mahome tanism.' 'Thimble' is ' th#nb-bell,' and 'nostril' is strictly a ' nose-drilL' A ' paradise ' is a ' park,' and we get the name from the Greek writers, who employ it to describe the gardens surrounding the palaces of oriental kings. One group of words of .more than ordi nary interest embraces terras like ' calyx' and ' chalice,' which, though derived from the same original sources, have been di£ece&tiatod; ia thsir m«a&i;&g; 3a aodora English. Calyx and chalice both describe primarily a 'cup,' but one is the Simple cup of a flower and the other the more elaborate and ornate vessel of the church. One we have taken directly from its origi nal home ; the other passed through France before it reached us, and bears the stamp of the Norman mint. Other 'words which have had a similar career are '.benison' and 'benediction,' 'mali- son ' and ' malediction,' , ' major ' and ' mayor,' ' orison ' and ' ora tion,' ' loyal ' and ' legal,' ' roval ' and ' regal,' ' privy' and ' private,' ' esteem' and ' estimate.'' With these may be contrasted words of similar form and pronunciation that have meanings diasronallv opposite. ' I'll make a ghost of him .that lets me,' says Hamlet, when he means that he will kill the first person who hinders him, and the same word is preserved in the legal phrase 'let and hindrance.' ' With' bears the antagonis tic meanings of ' in company with' and ' against,' the latter appearing in such words as 'withstand,' 'withhold,' etc. And ' clever,' as used by a newly-made husband of his wife, or by a butcher in reference to his meat, carries with it two very different meanings. No less attractive in their origin and his tory are names of persons. Brewer and Brewster, Weber and Webster, Baker and Baxter, -Singer and Sanger and Sangster furnish us witb a definite clew to the vocations of- their primitive bearers. Albert means ?' all bright,' Alfred ' all pure,' and Bernard is the ' great bear.' Mary's name is one of ' bitterness,' Russel is a' red fox,' Benjamin is the 'son of the right hand,' and Fitzjames and Jame son have each the same meaning, as have Fitzmaurice and MorrisoD. Many names of saints have undergone a curious meta morphosis. St. Denis, for example, has become Sidney ; St. Paul, Semple ; St. Clara, Sinclair ; and St. Ledger, Sellinger. Mortimer is made up of the French epithet, j La Morte Mer. Goddard, Godfrey, and j Goodwin are names derived from the name of the Creator, like Hengott and Furchgott (Lord God and fear of God) in German and multitudinous compounds with Dieu in French. Thoresby, Thur low, and Thursby recall the pagan god Thor, who appears in Thursday. Elias fre quently stands for Levi, -while the name of the celebrated composer, Halevy, is plain Levy with the initials of his father, H.A., prefixed to it. In this category may be iiiclttded the picturesque names o£ German Hebraic origin ; such names as Liliental, ' a valley of lilies ;' Rosenbaum, ' rose tree;' Vogel, 'bird;' Vogelgesang, ' song of birds:' Morgenthau, 'morning dew ;' Kauffman, ' merchant,' &c.; Interjections are most interesting words, particularly the oaths that have come down to us from the time when men swore by Christ's body, and bones, and blood. Such oatbs are 'Zounds' (His wounds), 'S'blood' (His blood), 'S'death,' ' S'iife,' ' Zooks ' (His spook or spirit). ' Mackins,' found in Elizabethan writings, means ' by the maiden ' (Mary). ' Be jabers'is the Irishman's oath by theSaviour. 'Jingo' is 'by St. Gingoulph.' 'Oh, dear !' is equivalent to ' O Dio mio,' ' Oh, my God !' ' Jimminy ' is a reminiscence of the classical adjuration, ' 0, gemini,' used by the Romans 'when they called upon the twins Castor and Pollux to help them. Such are a few brief word histories taken at random — a few of the entertaining ' chapters,' as the Irishman called them, that may be found by turning the pages of the dictionary. ' 1 