RELIGIOUS.. An imposing occlesiostical ceremony will bo witnessed at Ballarat to-morrow in con nection with the consecration of the Catholic Cathedral. Tho gathering of high digni- taries will bo tho largest over pre sent at one time at a jjublio function in Australasia, and will include Cardinal Alorau, Archbishojis Carr and Redwood and 13 Bishops. Pontifical High Mass will ho celebrated with grand orchestral accomjiani- mont, and a sermon will ho jireached by the Cardinal. At Vesjiora in tho evening Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Alelbourne, will oeeujiv the iiulj.it. The cathedral has been closed during tho past coujjle of mouths to allow of the decorations being carried out in a most finished style, and the musical arrangements aro to he of an elaborate character. On Sunday afternoon Bishoji Aloorc will enter tain about 150 visitors and leading citizens of all religious sections at Holy Ghost Col lege. On Monday evening one of the visiting prelates will address the men's section of tho Confraternity of tho Holy Family. Ou Tues day the memorial stone of tho monastery of the Redcmptorist Fathers will bo laid. "The guilty scramble of tho sects" was forcibly condemned from tho chair of the Congregational Union of Victoria on Tues day. Certain sections of Aiclbourno, said Rev. J. Rickards, aro "deluged with missions aud overrun with competing sects, whilst others are almost unknown and nn- eared for. There are 1428 ministers in the colony, which number gives 783 people to every minister, or, taking five as the average of a family, a little over 156 families to each minister. Some places have too many people for the churches ; others too many churches for tho people." Figures were cited to " give an unvarnished story of . tho unholy rivalry and selfish comjietition of tho sects." Of the cities five, with a total population of 128,827, havo one church for every 530 people. In the towns the best provision offers a church for every 860 people. Tho borough towns show an average of a .church for every 616 peojile, ono town jiossessing a church for every 80. Of the shire towns 35 have an average of ono church for every 60. And amongst them are found such examples as these i — Ono littlo town, having 44 inhabi tants, jiossesscs three churches, or one church for every Hjieople; another lias 69 jieojilo and four churches, or one church for every 17. Whilo competition was good in spiritual and temporal things alike, facts such as these, it was urged, show something more than comjietition — unholy rivalry brooding sectarian jealousy and religious indifference. Indeed, at least in one dis trict, the contest of sects was so keen that some who used to go to church found it safer aud better from a business point of view to hold aloof from all. A pastoral letter from the Primate sjiecially relating to tho Advent season, the collections to be made in aid of tho Church Society and the day of intercession for mis sions, will be road in tho Anglican churches throughout the diocese of Sydney to morrow. At a meeting of the Granville Congrega tional Church "on Alonday evening, it was decided to mako a call to tho Rev. Air. Johnson, who bus just completed studios ut Camden College. Kcv. G. C. Grubb's mission at St. J olm's, Parramatta, during the week has boon most successful. All tlio services and Bible and prayer meetings were largely attended, and Air. Alillurd's children's services were sin gularly successful. A gentleman in Alelbourne has given General Booth £500 towards the "slum migols"' crusade, the latest experiment of tho Salvation Army. A now bell for St. Andrew's Cathedral, arrived from England hy the Asloun. Tlio boll, which weighs li tons, and whose note is 1), will bo jilaced in tho northern tower of the cathedral. Several of tho AYesleyan District AIocting3 havo recommended Rev. J. E. Moulton, late missionary at Tonga, as goueral tutor to the theological students, in succession to the lato Rev. Principal Fletcher. Both Mr. Aloitlton's brothers are eminent scholars and theolo gians. Rev. Dr. Aloulton, ex-President of tho British Conference, is head master of tho Ley's School, Cambridge ; while Professor R. G. Aloulton has just been appointed pro fessor of the now American University. Rev. John M'Ara, late of Dalby (Q.), lias recently been inducted to the pastoral cliargo of tho parish of Lady, in the island of Sunday, Orkney, whero ho has been laboring somo time under the direction of the Church of Scotland. The scholars' examination trader the auspices of the Angilcan Sunday-school Insti tute of New South Wales, is to be hold next Saturday. Rev. W. O. Taylor, of tho Sydney Central Alcthodist Mission, who has boon on a visit to Brisbane, conducted tho anniversary services of the Albert-street Wosleyan Church last Sunday uud on Alonday jiresided over a convention for the , deepening of the spiritual life. Aliss Alary AI'Lcon, of Berry, who is accoinjianyiug Airs. Longhurst back to India us a Zenana missionary, was presented with a handsome gold watch on Alonday by the members of the Hlawarra presbytery. Professor Gosmun, a delegate to the inter national Congregational council, and Airs. Gosmun, are returning to Melbourne by tho German mail steamer Karlsruhe. New war offices for the Salvation Army are to bo erected in Wellington and Christ- church (N.Z.). Rev. Charles A. Berry met with a hearty reception from tho Victorian Baptist .Asso ciation lust, week, and delivered an eloquent address. Air. Berry intends returning to Victoria after visiting Now Zealand. Rev. Prior Kelly, O.C.C., B. Sc., of Ade laide, has been presented with an address and purse of sovereigns on tho occasion of his departure from the colony. A Churchman's Institute for the mutual counsel and co-operation of the Anglican clergy and laymen of tho city und suburbs has been formed in Sydney. Tho main objects, as set forth in the constitution, are mutual edification, to uphold and defend the Christian faith, to jiromote jirivate and public devotion and a spirit of unity, the development of missionary agencies, the promotion of brotherhoods and sisterhoods, tho encouragement of young men ns candi dates for the ministry, and generally to raise tho standard of reverence in jiublie Worship. A very large uumbor of our jiriests in all parts of Now South Wales have been attacked by inllucnza (says Freeman's Journal). In many cases the priests have battled bravely with tho weakness and sick ness attendant on influenza, and the sclf- sacritice of the clergy lias saved the jieople much inconvenience aiul disappointment. In several instances in tlio city and euburhs and in the country districts the sick jiriests have continued the performance ot their daily duties at the risk of their lives, llftjijiily none have succumbed. A ease offering scope for endless moralising is rojiorted from tlio Brisbano $ up re me Court. A boy about 13 was called as witness in a case of child abandonment. Iu order to satisfy himself that tho lad understood the nature of an oath, the judge jilied him with a few questions. " Now, my boy," sutd his Honor, "do you go to Sunday-school ? " " No, was the jirompt reiily, accompanied by a decided toss of the head. " No ! You don't go to Sunday- school?" Boy: "No, but Igo to day school, though." His Honor : " Hem. Do you know there is a God ?" Boy: "No." His" Honor, after a pause, asked: " What aro you ?" " I'm a freethinker," answered the lad, jiroudly standing erect with liis hands at his side. Tho lato cyclone at Yass has so far destroyed tho Presbyterian church as to render it unsafe for use aud it ia therefore to he pulled down. The new Postmaster-Gonoral, Air. John ICidd, is a deacon of the Campbelltown Con gregational Church. Tho A ustralian Inde pendent asks him to earn tho gratitude of tho Christian public by honestly attemjiting to cope with tho gambling evil. The Congregational Union and Alission of Victoria commenced its annual session iu Alelbourne oil Tuesday, uudor the presi dency of tho new chairman, Rev. J. Ric hard. Tho now buildings of tlio Passionist Fathers at Goulburn aro to bo ojxracd in January. Roy. Walter Alathison, B.A., contributes nil " In Alemoriiim" of the Into Rov. Morgan Williams, II. A., to tho current issue of tho Australian Independent. Tlio new cavalry fort "Warrior," duly commissioned by General Booth in Alelbourne a few days ago, commences operations in tho south-western district of this colony under the command of Cajitain Farqulmrson. A fund is to bo raised to rccogniso tho services rendered to the Wosleyan Methodist Church in Australia by tlio lato Rov. Dr. Kclyuack, Goueral Booth is a passenger by tho Valet- ta for India via Colombo. By a recent decision in tho Victorian law courts tho Presbyterian Church of that colony secures an additional benefit of £12,000 under tlio will of tho lato Air. Francis Ormoml. Native teachers in Fiji arc said to be still volunteering for mission work iu New Guinea aud Now Britain. The Primate will hold confirmation services during next week as follows : — Alonday : St. Clement's, Alossmau's Bay ; Tuesday : St. Nicholas', Ooogee, uud St. Judo's, Raniiwiek; Wednesday: St. Stcjihcn's, Newtown; Thursday : St. Silas', Waterloo ; Friday : St. JoluJs, Balumin. The Presbyterian General Assemblv of Victoria have decided that it is iuoxiicdiciit at jiresent to contcmjilatc a larger incorpo rating union of tho Presbyterian churches of Australia until the experiment has been tried on a smaller scale in the cliurclicsof Victoria, South Australia und Tasmania. 