Notes and News. A letter has been received by Major Pat terson from Captain Byrne, of the Queensland 'Volunteer Eifies, offering to come to Gympie to shoot a friendly match with a combined team of the Gympie corps, Q.D.F. The Major at once replied acoeptirig their chal lensre. and tho following team has been picked to ropresent Gympie: — Major Pat terson, Capts. Woodrow, Woodyatt, and Shanahan, Sergt.-Major Hood, Color-Sergt. Holloway, Sergt. Mackintosh, Lance- Corpl. Ferguson, and Privates K. Mercer and Buckley; emergencies, Sergt.-Major Coutts and Private A. E. Truoman. The house of Mr. Furlong, situated in Hine- street, Walker's Pocket, was burnt to tho ground between 12 and 1 o'clock this morning. Mr. Furlong was at work, and Mi'B. Furlong and tho children wero in bed asleep whon the fire broke out. Fortunately none of the inmates were injured j tho children had, however, to be resoued tlivrmirh ona of the windows. Onlv a fow articles of bedding were saved. Mr. Thomas Glassey, M.L.A., ia expected to arrive from Brisbane to-day, and it is announced through our business columns that he will deliver an address in the Olympic Hall, to-morrow afternoon. The usual sitting of tho Warden's Court was held on Thursday. The application of 2 South Phoonix Co., for six months exemp tion on the grounds that they had continu ously worked the mino for tho past nino years without payable results, and time was required to recoup finances, was recom mended. An application of C. M. Boddington and party, holders of quartz claim 1195 at Glastqnbury, for 6 months rwn**\v\¥ inn iirna rtViif*t*fml \,r% 1%V .T_ (1 flnnnfti' on the ground that the olaim had not been worked in a hona fide manner— and was adjourned for a fortnight. On account of the 10th Decembor boing a holiday, the next sitting of this Court will take place on the 17th inst. On Thursday James Eva was brought bo foro tho P.'M., Mr. Sellheiin, charged with drunkenness j this being the second offonce within two days he was lined 2Js, in default 3 days imprisonment. Tho Municipal Kate Collector has been very busy in his department, and wo be liovo has' issued over 10O distress warrants for arrears of ratea. Mr. S, 'W. Brooks has been appointed joint secretary to the Brisbane .School pf Arts and Technical College, a position for which his literary attainments well qualify him. There wero 120 applications. Tho salary ia £300 a year. The half-yearly general meoting of tho Mining Engine Drivers Association waa held in tho A.M.A. Hall, Apollonian Vale on Thursday evening and was fairly attended. The president, Mr. Short, occupied the ,.l-,ii.. Aft.ni- t,ho formal business waa transacted, tho appointment of officers was proceeded with, tho result boing as follows :— President, Mr. J. M. Tonnant ; vico-Presidnnfc, Mr. W. Murdmik ; Treasurer, Mr. J. Fisher i pocretary, Mr. .]. Richards. Committee: Messrs. \Y. Shqrfc, H. St:qrer, J. Konnodo, J. Hunto, find H, Stevens,, Auditors i Mossrs. .1, Woavoi and W, Athnrton. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Short tho retiring president, who has hold tho position for tliroo consecutive turms. Tho mooting thon closed. Tho usual mooting of tho ' Y' Union was held in tho Proshytprian IIa]l on TUuiiaday aftornomi, ' Misa 'By tho way. presiding; ? ' A letter was read from Milrt Brontnall offering a pri/.o for tho bosfc dosigii of a banner for tho (iueommind, \'-W' »M \'T 1I«.lona. J^ wis decidiid thl^ tho Ijnion gq wtq thp usual' muWmniov uPGpas until further notice. The crickot match Nolaous v. Exiles will bo reaiunod this nftornoon at tho Quoon a Park. Play to start at 2.30 sharp. 'Iho Nolaona will bo represented by Jones, O'Kegan, liarron, i'ollock, Fqr(jusqn, VanKhnn, Truoman, Wnlkjjr, ' ' Jtppi'Cj g)iophoniftvm\^ooclio; _ Some interesting roading matter will b° found in our second supplement. It conaiBt.s of :— Letter from our Imbil-road correspon dent j Towantin notoa by X j Parnoll ; and larnolliBin run mad: Quarterly meoting Queensland Paatoraliata' Asaooiation ; Busi noBaannouncomentai LordSheffleld'aBlovon ; Iho Elder Exploring Exhibition : Miscellan eous paragraphs. An entertainment for tho benefit of the Gympie Hospital, undor the aimpicos of tho Druids, Muaical Union, Town Band, and' the Amateur Oporatic Club, wag givon on lhuraday ovoninfj in tho Olympic Hull, ^ — ~*« « .,,.gw uuuiuuuu. jlu waa prccoaoci by a grand processional march in Mary atroot of tho Anciont Druids, which proved very intereating, about fifty members tak in tf part in tho proceedings. . The burning of Boman, magnesium, and mjstio lights, and the flowing boards and robos of the bards produced a novel and wbirdliko spectaolo. Iho sight was groatly adinirod by a largo number of spoctators, aud waa particularly pretty from tho surrounding hills. Tho programme was a lengthy one, , so much bo that Mr. Percival, who worked hard aa conduotor and otherwise to make tho concert a success, announced that encoroa would not bo responded to. The opening ovorture by tho Town Band was well played, and was followed with a clover chorus by the iboya of tho One- mile school. Mr. Gold smid'B 'cot up' in each of his son gs was good, and ho proved amusing, moro especi ally to the 'gods.' Miss Hodkinson, who baa a nice voice, waB very nervous, and this caused both her sours to fall flat. The Trott family wore quite a host in their part songs, and Miss Trott rendered ' Love once gone iB gone for over' very well. Miss Wiles, of Mary borough, sang ' Tho anchor's weighed' in good stylo, and Mr. Swaino rendered ' The midBhipmite' fairly. Tho song and chorus by the Amateur Oporatic Club was fairly well oxeoutod, but the soloiat, Mias Strott on, appeared to be suffering from nerv ousness. 'Simon, the cellarer,' given by Mr. Woodrow in tho second part, though rather anciont, was most acceptable. Miss Bytheway appeared also to be nervous, and scarcely did her voice justice in the song ''He will come.' The song and. chorus by the Operatic Club, ' It's for money,' waa finely rendered, the soloist, Miss Rogers, suiting the action to the word in such a manner as to receive a good round of ap plause. The Druids gave ample proof of their ability to march well and giye a good oatsido show in blue and green lights, but the local branch of the ancient society is not in existence long enough to sing the vocal march, 'Norma,' as it should be givon. The song/ ' Robin Adair/' by Mrs. A. J. Brown, proved a good antidote for the previous number, the lady singing very sweetly. The Musical Union played a waltz in the first part, and woro playing the pretty govette, ' Gondoliers,' in the second whon the audience began abruply to retire. It is a pity that a better place than that of last was not aasigned thia piece on the pro gramme, aa it waa well wortli hearing. Mr. Koch returned thanks on behalf of the Hospital Committee to all who had taken part in the concert, and to the public for their attendance. 'The funds of tho hospital will bo considerably augmented by this con cert, and tho Druids, who initiated it, and carried it through, and alao liberally patron ised it as a body, richly dtsorvo the thanks accorded thorn. The secretary of the Hospital informs us that he is in receipt of £7 from the C.P.S., Mr. Farrelly, being1 the amount of Police Court fines for drunkenness &c;, for the month of November. Wo (Chrcnkle) have it on good authority that Sir S. W. Griffith purposes during tho recess, probably in February next, viaiting the Wide Bay and Burnett district, accom panied from Brisbane by Mr. J, T. Annoar. Maryborough, Gympie, Bundaborg, Mt. Perry, Gayndah, and probably Eidavold and Paradise, with other centres will have tho opportunity of intercourse with the Premier, who will, of course, make himself acquainted with the latest developments of induatrial pursuits and with the requirements of these districts. It 18 understood that this will be the firat public tour of the Premier after his return from New Guinea. The service of aong ?' Bob the Shoeblack' which had to be postponod on Monday evening owing to the rainy weather, will be givon on Monday evening in the Presbyter ian Church lted Hill, by the children of tho Monkland Presbyterian Sunday School. Mr. Saundera (tho blind lecturer) will be tho principal speaker at the mass meeting to bo held this ovening at tho corner of Monk land and Nash streota, under the auspices of tho General Labor Union. Two now barristers and four now solicitors were admitted at tho sitting of the Supreme Court on Tuesday. Of one of the barristers the Telegraph aays : — Mr. St. Leger is a nativo of Ipswich and adda another to the list of self educated men who have hailed from that district. Many years ago he joined the Education Department. For three years up to a year ago ho held the onerous position of firat assistant teacher at tho Normal school. Whilst in the depart ment he took a leading part in the successful formation of the Teachers' Union, infuaing vitality into that corporation by the enor eotic manner in which ho fiotntl as thoir firnfc secretary, and being aa well the founder of the scheme of union under which the differ ent associations are now working. Mr. St, Leger gained a high roputation aa a toachor, and haB been very auccessful in hia legal ex aminations. He has been reading for some time past in tho chambers of Mr. Edwin Lilley. Ono of the solicitora — Mr. Charles Heiner— also distinguished himself in his legal examinations and was recommended by th,e Board pf Examiners fqr ' honorable distinction.' A man named George Hewitt wtva the winnor of Tattersall'a ,£9000 sweep in the earlior part of tho year. He waa poor, and la poor again. In four months this man ap poars to have spent .£0000 of hard cash. Ho thought nothing of handing a tramp a £5 noto or of paying a man's debts. His friends were many, but now they begin to fall away. A trooper named T. J. McMahon of Lismoro Cavalry, (Now South Wales) has been diamiasod from tho regiment for mis conduct and also disqualified at all i'iflo associations in tlio colonies. It ia alleged tion matchea attempt to swindle the asaociation out of prize money by bribing the warkor. „. Sydney tojogranis dated Wednosday state thftt Superintendent Dvvyor and Miss Leoa, head nurse' of the Gonlburn Hospital, havo both boon dismissed, tho former for not administering a drug preaevibed to a pationt, Hince dead, and Miss Loos far nofc oalling in a dootor to tho pationt for noarly 21 .hours after admission to tho hospital, and also for knowing that Dvvyor had not administerod tho drug proscribed. Mr. Georgo Riddoch, a well known squat ter in South Australia, has rocoivod a ourious letter from a correspondent signing himsolf ' Salvationist.' lio states that h,e was in Mr. Riddoph'a Horvi\:o many yoars ago, and thaj; qo'stole twq s'lioopboloiijgiqg' to' the a'fpatiqn. Since l*o hiva ' found t&o; I-r4' his conscionoe impels him to veturn the taluo of the snoop fourfold. Ho reckons that thoy wero worth 10s each, and ac companying tho letter is a draft for £i, payable to Mr. Riddoch. St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, whfoh baa boon completed at a coat of -£dUtU0(\l W.aa coiiBocmtecl hvst week. A Victorian 'uohtoin- porary.'says in Connection' with tho evont : — First colobratiag mass in a rudo canvas tent the Kpinati Cat hollo body now possess in flaHarali'iilonp'm'Qpfi^y vrfl«ooj-a$ .£1^0,0,00, Wj follows : — St. Piitriok'a cathodro.1 and, fjrpiind.a, ^50,000; ubnvent u'l-l gwuniliJ, LaWo WoniloM'oo, £1)0,0 0 ; Loi- otto day Hohool, Dawuon-streut, .£7000 j Nazareth House, JJlG.OOOj Redomptorist monastery, X12,00'J; bishop's palace, -C12,000 j Holy Ghost CoUogo, £1)000! St. Alipius church and grouneli, Ballnrat lius.t, JSIO.OOO.; Bal larat'Eahit convent and ' grounds, X7000;' Chri&tiun; Brothers' echobla, &o.;, MbfiQd ^ a,jwV)»iBC0ll»nooii8 pronwty «G70Q0. 