THE SHAMROOK SURPRISE PARTY. -4-- On Tuesday evening the members of this newly formed troupe of negro minstrels occupied the boards of the local shire fall. The comhination is an entirely new one, and to the credit of the organiser, Mr A. Still. man, it has to be said, that he wisely re frain?d from pressing Into his company any of the old talent of the district, but sought it from the ranks of new aspirants for Ethiopian honors. And in so doing he took a wise course. A new face very often acts after the fashion of a now broom, the one draws well, the other sweeps clean. Mr Stillman's troupe did both. It drew a Ihrge audience to the hall notwithltanding that it. had to face the competition of Wirth's circus on the previous night, and it swept all the loose cnsh out of the pocket of local residents. Not only so, but the entertainment served to bring out some latent talent of no mean ability, and which, no doubt, will be more frequently uitlised in future. The object Mr 4tillhnan had in view in organising the company was a most lanlable one, namely the benefiting of the local hosoital, and every credit is due the gentleman named and every member of his troupe for the praiseworthy efforts they have put forth in so good a cause. 1 substantial sum will result from their work, and it will he a most welcome gift to the hospital comn mittee, coming as it does at a time of great need. The troop was comprised as follows : -Mr C. Creighton, interlocutor; Messrs ('aldwell and Sharp, hones; Wielan, and Nankorvis, tambos; and Ivans, B'radleyand E. Whiting, ringmen. The proceeding opened with a lively chorus by the company, followed by " Golden Slippers" liv Mir Nan kervis. Mr Ilra'liey sang "The Old Folk at home" with much pathos, and was rewarded with loud applause. Mr Sharp tickled the r risible faculties of the audiencn with an t inimitable rendition of a "Sad Tale." and Mr Evans sang "Chiming ?olls" very sweetly. Mr Wieland seemed snite at ease when " minding the hady." and Mr Carhld well brought down the house by his comical queries of lannah as to the state of her mammar . bMr Evans sang " Dear Me" with a good sense of hnmonr. 'The chairs were e removed by the aid of the well known ghost farce, which Messrs Creighton, Cauldwell, and Nankervis performed in t creditahle rmanner. The second part wans " nmedley," which served to bIring out the he't song of i the evening, Mr Tlradlev securing a well merited encore by his splendell rendition of " Ilockedl in the cradle of the deep." This was decidedly the gem of the programme, and praise in dloe the singer for his careful anid excellent vocalisation. Mr Bradley's voice is a welcome acquisition to the vocal a talent of the shire. MessrsCauliwell anti Nankervis disported themselves with ability in snos and dance, and iMessra Canhlwell andi Wieland gave ta short farce in which they introduced the " gridiron" daince. Mr RSl.rp made a greisthit with a localised edition of " Near It." which 1 produced roars on latghter, and the same Y centlemrnan in conjunction with Mr Creighton, \- brought the second partto a conclusiol with n a mirth provokine farce entitled " A Rail. c way Tragedy." The hill of fare, which was n a very lengthy one, concluded awiths the farce of Dr Cox, who was represented bye lr Bratd. Icy, but upon whouse Ilack assistant. Mr Ic Sharp, rested the whole force of the little rlay. The vacarices anl eecentriciti,. of this r individual in the hospital word were abiurd a leyond measure, and cnnsegqcentiv had the desired effect of semling the audience Ihome with their sides achingo from the laughter he had occasional. Mr Sharp is a perfect host in himself it entertainments of this kind, and being ablyv Incked up ly Mesars. Cr.ichton, Cauldwell, and Nankervia, the several itemn in which these gentlemen toork part parssed Soff with great merriment. Mecssrs. C'roigh. n tos. E. Whiting, Ws'eiland, l':vans sand Cauisd ' well enacted the part of patienits with aitruer rc.scsemblance to bona fide sick prsotns than c many of the patient aidmitted into the local e hoseptal. Thanks are dosi to the.Orchestra, s which augain lent valusble assistnscu under the direction of M r R. Irvine ; to the hlrasi hand, unler Mr L. Bllssing, and to Messrs. J..lacksson antd iraisham, for co-operation ; itn I to Iessr,'s Ie her andss l),Tries as no. tsmlpitsis?s. The prl'ee'ls 55amounted t? orer S£2.3. It is the intention of t ,e troupe to L perform in the ostlyine disetricts and at Tea e on behalf of the hospital. 