sckatciiiistgs in tee city. TBy A Pencil.] That eveTy lino whicli writuui here may be Go to its mark straight and unerringly; Thai £vriy he &vd; fcJiiO.v bought: 'J'hat condemnation uovor go uuson^ht: That- cut, or thrust or Jpnd apj.woviug cheer, Aim may be holiest, thought au<l purpose clear. Dr. Canon Dendy died on Saturday, and when the breath left his body an eccentric and occasionally choleric but right good 3n;iM went to Iieaven. Sir. Dendy was not the kind of person to arouse popular enthusiasm, especially popular enthusiasm in his own. favor. , He was one of those men whom people generally admire rather than lore. In him the sterner virtues were thoroughly developed, but the softer excellencies—the tender amiabilities of life—not so completely. Both as preacher and as man lie was entirely courageous, and in his sermons his pluck Was particularly apparen t. Speaking to the crowds at the Cathedral, he talked with equal freedom and fearlessness of the vices of those abstractions, the world, the flesh, and the devil, am} of the wrongdoing of prominent folks who were not mere abstractions.. He was admired for his pulpit work by those who could hear him. The number was not large. The good canon had not a sonorous voice. I went to tho Cathedral twice especially to enjoy his plain speaking, but I could not under stand what he was saying, though sitting at only a short distance from him. His eccentricity appeared sometimes in the guise of common sense. This fact was gratefully appreciated one hot Sunday night years ago, when the canon preached a. sermon which lasted seven minutes only. It seems a pity that a few other clergymen* who might be named, will not be eecentrie for the same good purpose. But Dr. Dendy was not like ordinary men, either in personal qualities or in personal appearance. He had a, somewhat remarkable presence, whoge glory was a fine Wellingtonian noses whose proportions many a time caused some of our would-be "scions of aristocratic English families" to commit the sin of envy. For some time past Dr. Dandy had retired, from the Cathedral services and fulfilled the less exacting duties of the incumbency of the little church of St.. Cuthberfs. It was understood, that he lost most of his savings through, the failure of the Commercial Bank of South Australia j be certainly did not appear to be- quite the same man after that saji event, in nfMch ■ ministers of religion were peculiar sufferers, Mr, W. T. Carter, member for Williams-, town in the Victorian Legislative Assembly, is a peculiar man. He is now addressing his constituents concerning a business diffi culty into, which he has got by some means. By and by» if Mr. Carter may be pressed for money at any time, he should he able to. raise tfye vpind by selling extensively—for a subsequent dramatisation—a true story of his own life. First, a shoemaker in Vic toria, and at Port Adelaide; then a Wesleyan local preacher j then a "Wesleyan minister (at Port Pirie as well as in other places); then lecturer upon land, nationalisation 5 then petitioner in the divorce court; then land agent in Victoria; then editor of a, newspaper or two j anc^ now resigning member of Parliament in connection with land transactions. Mr. Carter is certainly able; Mr, Carter is also either remark-, ably shrewd or else wonderfully unlucky. Yet in this land of aps and-downs. and. of extraordinary changes I should not wonder if I were to live to see the day when. h,e may have the right to be addressed as "The Honorable Premier of Victoria." By no act of mine would I help him to fill that position* but peculiar things Jo have a. fashion, of happening. That thought flashed upon me very vividly the othev night, -when a, woman who bears—though very few people know- it—■ the right to. the old-world (not the Aus tralian) titular distinction of " Lady," teas seen reeling about suffering from a decidedly • successful attack of inebriation. Fancy a well-connected,, old-world Lady So-and-So {who has been affected by bibulous weak ness for some time, but who is not a resident of Adelaide, and, therefore, y^u need not try to guess her name) being brought before the police cojurfc charged with drunkenness. It has not come to that yet, but it probably will come to it. It is a coincidence that in London Lady de la Zoueh should have been accused of having been intoxicated while riding in Hyde Park. Certainly she was acquitted, but if she had not been eccentric^ at any rate,, she would hardly have been brought before the bench.. A monkey died the other day in the Zoo. The death of a monkey is not usually 3, worthy subject for an obituary notice, but this monkey- had. some little title to fleeting renown. He was a sufferer from consumption, and; was, J believe, the first South Australian patient upon ■whom Dr. Koch's consumption " cure" was tried- He indured injections, of lymph 1 sufficient to kill or to cure an entire con,- i sumptive family. Two or three doctors attended him ;, but the phthisis successfully resisted alike science, doctors, and lymph. As though the pains of this life were not enough for him, he has been doomed to be stuffed and placed upon exhibition in the museum.. The only solatium which his ghost can have for this indignity is the lugubrious pleasure of hovering about the museum and hearing spectators- talk of him as a monkey who was actually attended by doctors like a christian, and who died in the interests of humanity as a subject for experiments with an alleged consumption cure. Mr. James Shaw, ex-Mayor of Adelaide, lias reached. London, and- And what? Why, in the first place, he has entertained somebody at a banquet, and, in the second place, he has managed to have the- fact telegraphed. These are the two most natural things in the world in connection with Mr. Shaw; If &o; went to heaven I believe that the first thing he would do would be to propose to give a banquet to ! the archangels to celebrate his arrival, | and if he went to the antipodes of the ] home of celestial bliss lie would not rest | until he had acted as host to the heads of I departments at least. When he meets the j Prince of Wales and patronises him, of | course, his first action will probably be to ; slap Albert Edward upon the shoulder, : and remark— j " Let's go and have some wallop!" j " Walloy"* is Mr. Shaw's name for a fluid : reviver. Withal a good-hearted man this j same James Shaw, who has don,e a great | deal mom good to the poor than thousands I who talk loudly of their service to the j world. 