WILD OATS. ? ? TTT ? A light etruck, like a knife, through the gloom. Then there wad daiktiess again. A muflled cry. Then silence. In a moment the mau rtinuved bis band from tbe ivutnati's mouth. ?* Don't scream. I have no intention of .jniDg you. I am not here to steal ; I am Hiding, ii you make a sound, ii you alarm the house, 1 am a lost man.' Suddenly the moon, issuing from under a cloud, threw a pale beam over tbe place where they stood. The woman— she was only a pale, alight girl — oould not see the intruder's faoe distinctly — a face haggard, determined, desperate. What intuition had made him speak aa-he had ? At the supreme orises of life there aometimee come thees illumination?. He was an unknown man, fleeing for safety or for life and making his way by main foroe in the dead of night into the outskirts of a strange house. Yet all the girl said, after looking at him a moment, was : ' How did you get here ?' ' I vaulted over the outer wall. I repeat that if you make a sound 1 am a lost man.' : He made no other appeal to her ; yet she oontinued motionleeB, not . calling, only trembling a little from exoitement. ??You can't hide here,' she then said. 11 You will be found : yon can go out ot the houBA door if that will help you.' Ho did not answer and she turned mechanically to lead the way. The bar of moonlight accompanied them, pieroing the interior of the dark, wide roomn. Sao moved noiselessly, a white, shadowy figure, and the man followed. She might ho— Bhe probably wae — helping a felon to ceonpe. The thought went through her brain. But Bho eoundlessly drew aside tbe fastening of the heavy door; tbe Bilver-tinted sea lay without, heaving, T\ith long breaks, in ?leep. 'There is the road to the open oountry,' she eaid. It Btretched away liko a white ribbon, in definitely, into the night. Agnin be answered nothirg. Only, bb he pissed through the door, he turned end looked at her. For days thia tropio sea had been of a dense, deep, unchanging cobalt blue. Winds wero light; the sky arched above liko u domo of unclouded sapphire. To Bosalys the past and the future appeared alike to havo become merged in a distant, soft, silver hozo. But then this was natural ; for Roeulju waa to bo married shortly after tbe vcBscl reached port. After spending two years in the Australian wilds she wae return ing home. And the man to whom she was to give hernelf wbb returning with her. 'It will Bcem utrongo to you— tho life of civilisation — after tho other Eort of life you led so long, and the freedom of it,' she would say to him as they slowly paced the leek together under the luminous Southern stars thut Beemed to hang above them like ;oldcn lamps But Siorrman never mado any direct reply. Iin talked little at any time of his past ; ho acknowledged tbat ho had been father wild when he first took to the Auh ralian bnnb. Perbnpo that, eho thought, hub tbeVesson for his roticence. In general 10 did not say much about himEclf. But lit bold e.jco looked down upon her tenderly tnd be pressed berFlender arm with a lover's meeion. In truth, she had never scorned bo oTcly to him as in these days with the icean winds in her pale gold bair nnd tho nfinite blue of eky and eca reflected in lecper ehadco under the long fringe of her lark lathee. And ho eaid to himself that ho oved her, loved her extremely. She wbb manning and hn saw no reason to regret .bat he bad bcoomo engaged to her. She was rather poor, to bo Bure. But then be jimrclf hnd enough for both. Let him only jnt full in tho stream of civilised lifo again — i msvn's identity was never so lost as in a crowd— and with money and a pretty r.nd winnomo wife, what oould bo moro deisirb? All those results appeared imminent now. Ho was ooneoious, aH every day took them farther from ono shore nnd nnsrer to nnothnr, that tho eenEO of approaching a final gonl brought n restleHS impatience with it. By Hoavon 1 It was a lucky day for a man, the day in whioh ho felt that ha bail Lurnod his ships behind him 1 Burned them no orif-ply to the lavt reader that not the moat spectral ghost ooulf rifo up from their fitho.g. Storrman did not expect to be troubled with cpectrcs. And yet he saw one. It was lato one afternoon on deok ; a hot !\nH heavy stillness bad fallen over tbe tea. i'he ivening eky had an almost ominious ?ulondor and depth of blueoees. The sunset [fad flamed ittelf away, leaving ono crimson banner ot cloud stretching upward like a pointing ringer. Storrman' was . alone ; he bad wandered forward negligently among the cccond cabin paeeengerp. And there, looking down, he came upon a partly recum bent licuro turned motionless toward the sea. Tho man had drawn the oap low down over biB eye. What a resemblance 1 The next instant he had glanced up; this was no Biraple resemblance. They looked at each other and neither moved for the epnoo of a moment. Storrman was the first to un lock his dry lips. 11 You are here ? How — ' his voioe ap peared to strangle in his throat, Tho other had not changed oolor by a shade. ' ' You are surprised to bee me,' he said alowly. ' Well, I suppose it is natural that youBhouldbe; it is exactly five years since we parted. The five years have made a difference too,' ; His dark eyes travelled leisurely over Storrman'e appearance — »n appearance faultlesB and immaculate, the appearance of the euooeteful man of the world. Then with a oynieal something that was liko a smile they dropped- to himself — shabby, ceedy, a second-class passenger, nothing' more. Storrman watched him with a blanching face. 'Do you intend to talk? To tell what you know? How have you been on board all this timo without my seeing you ?' ' I was pretty well knocked up when we left port; \6Xt fever or something of that sort. 1 had to tako my bunk andBtny there. As to talking— as to telling the truth— what do you think ? It strike! me that this might be a good moment.' He spoke impassively, not removing his oyes from those of the man standing before him. ' Good heaven, Horst, have some pity I I am engaged to be marrisd. The girl is here — on board— at this instant—' '.' Ah I it would bo even a bettor moment than I thought, then, would it not? Your gains have made you tieh, your identity has been successfully sunk out of sight ; you are about to win a presumably gooi girl tor your wife. Ye?, I think the moment would be well ohosen for bringing yon to book. As to pity, did you allow me any? What am I to be moved to oompastion for ? Beoaase yon let mo rot in a prison five year*? I ought to despise you too much to get ven peanoo out ot you ; but I don't. I have waited tor this hour for five years; I have dreamed ot it, planned for it. When I got oat to the light ot day again I traoked you, found you, followed you on board this Bhip. It wasn't easy' work finding you either. The highly respectable Roger Btorrman of to-day has obliterated every trace of his identity with the John Bcgerson bf five years ago; who was a forger, a thief and a felon—' - 11 HuBh— for God's sake, hash 1' ' ' At last Horst went on, unperturbed, 11 fate has put you under my hand, Co you think I shall let you Blip?' The last word died abruptly upon his lipi. A woman's ' slight figure was moving slowly along tbo deck, the last glow of the suniet was behind her. Her eyes filed on Storr man and a halt smile parted her lips. Tbe man leaning baok against the roll of cor dage at his feet she did not notiee at all. Ho 'waa'i io her casual gltnoe, a shabby, ?econd-oabin paanengcr with whom Storr man had been kindly enough to enter into cursory talk, ,' I have been waiting for yon,' she said, with a deepening of tho adorable smile en her lips. She slipped her arm through; Stcrrtaan'n end they moved away together. And the m^n left behind wa:ched the two re treiitirg furina rcoticnlere'y, breathlessly. This wai the giil \rhom Siorrman was cbout to marry ! The last flame of red had fa-led out of tbe sly and tbo stars were coming fsintly out Tlit still hat bad grown moro still and a dtnze bank of cloud waa forming slowly against tho horizon The captain passed, his cap low over his e.vce, a brooding frown in the latter. A ssilor watched the horizon. Adu still HorRt did not move. Ho had gone back five, ten ycar/i, in his life There had been wild moments of early youth that had brought regret, and then a bitter renpiog of suoh wild oats in further and perilous recklessness. How had Storr man and be first fallen in together 2 It had been shortly after bis own coming to Aus tralia, Storrman, sprung from nothing, viciouB to the core,* with naught but his ani mal good looks and his unbounded audacity to serve him, had aroused the younger man, and, while llorst was halt contemptuous of him, perhaps had influenced him as woll. The one waa utterly unscrupulous ; the other, with all his rccklesgceeE, a man of honor. And Storrmsn, conscious ot the dif ference, of the indistinct, the irritating superiority, had hated his boon companion. Horit had known it and had not oared. 'He would serve mo any scurvy trick,' he said to himself coolly. . And a time oame when bis foresight was vindioated. By a srrango combination of circumstances, Storrman, who had forged, found himself one day in a position to cover himself by falsely accusing and involving Horst, He did both, lie vcniehei], leaving no traco behind him. Horst, the law at bis heele, made a deaporaio flight by night. To a pale, frail young girl, white in the light of a summer moonbeam, ho bad owed a temporary escape. But be fore many days be had boen tracked, cap tured and imprisoned — evidence not being complete against him — for five years only. Now the fivo yearn were over. And in one day he had seen the man and the woman with whom hiB every thought in thoce fivo years had been aasooiatcd — the man whom be hated and on whom ho had sworn to aveugo himeelf, and the woman whom he loved, for by one of the Btranpo mysteries of human passion, Horut, reokle«s, careless, cjniosl, had come to love this girl, seen but once, radiant as en angel of meroy and of whose name even he was ignorant. And Bho it was whom his enemy was tp marry I A Budden gust ot wind tori: his cap from his eyes. There was a rushing Bound in his ears. He staggered to his feet. Tho sea bad turned over nil Ha expanse a dense, oily green, deepening in Iho trough of the waves to a gray blaokness. What awful ofaange had oome over that smiling nature — that infinite blae that had subsisted for so many days? The foroe of the hurricane, ot the fieroo, tropio storm, hurst over the ship a few seconds later. It had grown swiftly, densely dark, Ths orders of the captain rang faintly through the roar and hies of wind and wave. Then, after a time— was it minutes or bourn —there came another change. Tho fury ot the storm had- spent itenlf. But the veBscl had sprung n leak and was sinking. A wild rush for the boats, cries ot women, oaths of men. And then — who shall Bay by what supreme instinct — Horst found him Belt struggling through the frantio press of iljhif! bouIs near to the sido of Koealys and his arm about her A flash of lightning il lumined her still, whito faoe, strangely oom porcd uud quiet, and Storrman'a distorted with terror, elbowing women out of his way like a beast, looking only for the boats for bis own eafity, forgetful of nil else. Already Ilortt had lifted lioBolys in his arms. ' Stand bRok,'.ho cried fiercely. And the last hoiU was launched, and Rosalvs had a placo of eafetyin it. There \rna another forward lurch, and then it was eeon that tho women had nil been trantferred to tho boats. And now thero w»o room for otly one more — a man. Thoy stood dido by side — Horsl and Storr raanu. Which should it be ? It was the work of u Beoond Should he take his revenge now? It lay in hiB grasp. With one bound ho could leave StorruiBti behind him to face death Who hhall tell the temptations of that infinitesimal fraction of time 7 Then something that bad survived through tho,wreok of much thnt hud been noblest in the man KBEtrted ittolf. Ha stepped baok. Storrmau wus saved. At the gate of a small oottago ju a quiet town, a girl, dressed simply in black, waited toward thoolose of tho day. It wsnIt9Balye, and sho was changed. Something ot tbt- luminous young softness bad gone out of her eyes ; in them wan a graver deptb. Sho was a little older, a little more seriou*. One dread experience may add years to the lifo, Bosalys waited tor a step to approaoh through the dusk, and finally it oame. It was tbat of a man, and Boaaljs fluBhed and grew pale ; then a- stillness tell over her. H6 was Btanding before her now ; he had como for his anuwer ; but he did not ask for it, ho did not plead. His eyes were downcast. Ho was like a culprit before a judge. Suddenly she extended her hand. He raised his eyes and saw hers, through tbe gloaming, diffused with tender tears of love. ' It yon have only pity for me,' he be gan. ' ? ' ' Pity 1 No I Orpity and something else —yes. When you abdicated your own chance of life for a man who had done you suoh harm ; when you conquered your desire tor revengo and yourself, you did tbat which moro than atoned for the follies and sins ot a reokless youtb. And now you have told mo that you love. me. You know that 1 mourned that man— Roger Stoirman. But I knew nothing ot his past. ..Now I do know — ' She paused and Horst looked at her. For it was Horst. How Storrman had been loat that night oi the wreok a year beforo and Horet saved was one of the mysteries of that awful hour. Horst only remembPKd that when he had stepped baok to giw Storrman his chance of life, there had suddenly been a rush ot waters in his ears, followed by a surging blackness around him. Xlatfly he had thrown a clutch out at something, and then ho found himself clinging to the side ot tho boat. Everything between that moment and tho hour when thp boats were taken up by ft sail ing veesel the next day was a blank, out ot which there Btaited distinctly one; remem. biance only— the eight of Bosalyi's white faee, still quiet, Btill composed. He had come back to civilisation to find himself tire heir to a email fortune left him by a distant relative, to whom his wild career in Aus tralia bad been unknown. And be had come baok to mote — to a deairo tor a leapcetablo life, emphaaieed a thousandfold by the love which bad now grown into a boly pas sion. At this instant ? great and wondrqai hope of lovo returned arose in his heart. Trem bling he put it f torn him. 'But think what my life has been? Think—' ' I think only that I love yon,' waa the simple answer. Then she smiled ?? sadly, divinely. 'No more wild ;oitsl' she said. . . 