THE PRIZE RAISIN. Story of the Seventeenth Century. "Bless your dear heart, Mistress -Margery, and tluiuk yo kindly for bringing this heavy boskotdown to mo yourself," oxolnimod Dumo Creamly, lior ronAd, apple face oxpuuding into a broad, beaming smile, as Hha drow forth tho snyoury articlos of Christmas okcor sent her from tho great house. " I'ray boar my humblo thanks and respoots to your aunt, for soroly woiuu wo poor folks faro thoso troublosuma times woro it not for Sir Humphrey and his good lady." " And you and your son nro to couio up to the hull to- morrow night, at early candlelight, and join in tho morryjuuking in tho big kitohan," said Mistress Margery. "Nevor feur, wo will bo on hand, though vorily I misdoubt. Sir Hninpbroy is as lightsome of heart as in years ngone. But how is your sister, Mistress Elizabeth, this misty weather?" "Not so woll us I could wish," sighod Margery, tlio happy glow fading from her face. " She declares time nothing nils hor, yet ovcry day slio gets thinner nnd whiter, und socins to euro not u whit tea tlio Christinas mummings, in whioh sho usoil to so doliglit." " Alack, poor ludy I No iloubt sho piues for Master Hairy. Sueli a bonny yoHng gcntlomuu as ho was, and bo fond of hor, too ! Ah, vvcll- a-day ! The long is soonro on his throne, but at a heavy cost, I trow! Marry, Mistress Margery, is it truo that you havo never hoard uiig-ht. of tiie young muster, and know not whether ho bo on earth or in heaven?" ' ' Novnr a word, and his nnmo is never inen- , tinned at Grenn Court. Sir Humphrey dis owned him when he joined tlio Dukn of Mon mouth's army, aud says it is as though lie uovcr had a sou." " Ahtok, alack ! And my lady ?" "Outwardly sho agrees with hor husband, hut soinotiinos I fancy hor heart erics nay, though sho ho us staueli a ruyuliHt. lis any of us. ' ' 1 ' Laok-a-merey ! But was site not a mother first?", , ' ' Truo, Goody, and muoli I wish my Cousin IIul hud not boon so hot-hoiided and so foolish ill his attachment to that wilv pretender. But, bless mo, tho shadows are falling and I must away at once ; so good night to yo, aud a very merry Yulo." It was clear, crisp Christinas Eve, iu tho year of our Lord 1085, und the " pence und good will " of tho happy, holy season cumo with pcculiur significance ufter tlio turbulent wuves of strifu, dissension, und direst cruelty which during tlio past twalvo months hiul swept over tho laud und through whioh .Tames Stuart had passed to the throne of England, whioh ho now held, ns it woro, at tho point of tlio sword. But wiusomo, 13-yciir-old Margery Dnl- i-ymjplc bothered her pretty head little about iill'nus of State, as she skipped lightly aver tho frozen ground in the direction of the Iiall, for lior brain was busy with things nearer home. "Ho, ho," alio thought, "con Damo Crciiinly be right und it be JIul Pemlorill that Bess i's wearying her dear heart out for? Faith, and ho wus a right merry lad, and I loved him dearly myself ! I wish I could learn somo tidings of him with which to bring buck tlio rosea to my sweot sister's oliook, but, ulus ! I fear he is dead, or if not. Sir Humphrey would novel' allow hiin to enter Grcon Cuurt. Ho is such a stern mnn and eaves for scarce anything but liis dogs and the king." Thoso -thoughts had hardly flashed benenth tlio brown curls hidden in tlio blue, wadded hood when tltolitthmiuid w:h brought to ustnrtled standstill, aud uttered nu exclamation of terror, us a dark figure suddenly stopped from behind a tree nnd stood directlv before her in tlio lonely woodbind path, saying m alow whisper, "Hist, Murgory ! For it is Margery, I swoar ! Dost thou not know mo, little ono ?" "It is— yod,' it must bo Hal!" gnspod tlio girl ns soon us sho fouuil voieo to speak. "But, lnok-n-moroy ! how you frightened mo, and why do you eoma bore iu this secret fashion and that . rustical dross?" nnd t.ho little ludy glanced with somo disdain at tlio young man's course hrecahcs anil leather jerkin. "Beoauso a fugitive dnro not ho seon in velvet and lnco ruffles ; hut, sweetheart, is this ull tho-weleomo you have for your worthless kinsman und old. playfellow? . Can itliothoy have turned oven you against ino? " "Nay, nay," half sobbed Mnrgory, whose ulfeotion una loyalty woro struggling fiercely for tho mastery. " I am glad, truly glad to see thee! ".mid throwing her arms around lior cousin's neck, slio kissed him right warmly. " But wlioro have you tarried nil tlieso muny months?" "In Holland, sweetheart, There were hard knocks nt tho battle of Scdgnioor, and after ward I but.. just escaped falling into Jack Ketch's clutches liv tho skin of my tooth, nnd got away to the Low Countries, wlioro I li(y for tliroo months suffering from n wound in my leg. Only now havo I ventured buck to Eng land, drawn by tho longing T f"'f to see veil ull. But. tell mo of iny father and mother. Tlioy lire well, I trust.." "Aye, hut Sir Humphrey hns forbidden tliut your name lie spoken iu Hie house under iiniu of liis severest displeasure, und would have you turned from the gates should you appear there. Oh,' deiir Hal, liow could you go so ugaiuat his wishes und side with that im postor ?" "Beoauso, forsooth, I never bulioved liiui ono until after his own nimfessioii to King Tames; nor would you, Margery, eould you lmvc seon him and heard liis voieo. Never was there so fair-spnkon it man or ono butter fitted to lead men by the nose ! You know tile Taun ton niaidii were all curried away by his comoly countenance." " Yos, alack ! and suffered soroly for their devotion, pour wenelies ! But lnippv am I, Hal, to hour you acknowledge your follv." "Yos, I see now that it was ull a gigantic mistuko ; Imt, verily, wo thought we were up holding tlio I'mteslmit mligiou by fighting for Monmouth, nnd now I huvo come all this way to confess my error and bog my father's pardon." "He will nnyer grant it — will never oven see you." " What ! Not ff thou idnad my oiiusn, fair ooz ? Try what, you una do for mo 'twixt. now nnd wuseiil timn to-morrow, and, faith, you shnil nevar regret it." " I would iudbod I ooidd help you ! " cried Margery, "hilt I son not hew, fur Sir Humphrey always overcomes mo with awe, and I scuruc venture to open my lips before him." "Courage, faintheart! Bo brave for once, " urged Hal. "Gain ino but an lutdinuoo, und the roHt will I do myself." Tlio girl shook Iter lioad doubtfully, but, ns tho pleading oyes looked imploringly into here, "I will — try," at length dropped slowly from lior lips. "Thut's ni.y own, truo littio kinswoman!" " But mind, inonuwhila yon must stay snug at Dnmc Orcanily's. If ail goes well I will moot, you at tiie sida dofir of the liall jnst after night- I full, to-morrow. If not, you must, away again , at once." "Wo will sea ; and now, one mora kiss for good-bye, anil ono for thy sister Bosh, who, I nope, has not forgotten soupegmoo Hnl." "Nay, I think slio would ho glad to wolcomo you;" and thou Mnrgory darted away, while her lioart bent painfully when she realised to what slio had pledged herself, for slio spoko truly when she said sho stood sadly iu dread of lior unolo and guiii'diim, whom sua only saw whon homo from soliool for tho holidays. In deed, in thoso days y rang pooplo, in tlio pro- sonoo of thoir oldors, rarefy ventured to speuk until spokon to. But when slio cumo upon hor oldor sister in tliu great hall at 'Green Court, and notod how different sho was now from tho blttho, rosy Bess, of tlio Christmas before, slio felt ready to-brnvo a dozen Sir Humphrey Peu- dorills if sho could but bring joy to tlio ono oroatiu'o who, siuca'. hor patents death, sho lovod host of all in tlio world. That night, littio Margery Dnlrymplo tossed restlessly piMior oouoh in lior small, bare, turret churaber, untilj jast ns tlio Ohiistinus bells rang out from a neighbouring village, nn idea ouma to hor lika an inspiration and, with a smile upon her lips, slio sunk into a swoot, dreamless sloop. . . Sir Hunipiiroy Pondorili was truly a royaliBt of iihb royalists, as' hnd boon his -father and grandfather before him. Nono hnd oliafed mora aorely than ho bonoiitli the - dreary rule of the Proteotor, whilo ho was .one of the first to wol- oorno tho Stunrts tq their own again, and bond in joyful allogidnca 'to Oharies II. whon ho landed at Dover. Ho was a 'dovoiit boliovor in the "divine right of 'kings," and it was tho soverbst blow tlio worthy baronot had evor re ceived, when, shortly after James II. succeeded liis brother, liis only olilld Han-y vonturod to question tlio lawfal right of tho reigning sovereign and joined hi a rebellion whioli hud broken out, hcadod by tho Duko of Mouinouth, who also aspired to tho thrnno. Without flinch ing, liowovor, Sir Humphrey at oiioodonouncod his boy ns n "rebol und a disgraoo to tlio Pondorili namo," and disowned iiim from that day. As months glided by after tho rising had boon suppressed, and tlio loador, with many of his followers, lmd paid tho penalty of ,1ns rashness at tlio hnnds of tlio oxeautlonor, nnd still no word of tlio gallant young follow lmd come to the quiot country homo, lio boeamo mora stern and more weildixl to tho ways of his ancestors than evor, and would not deign to try nnd learn aught of tho fate of his son and heir. Despising tho Roundhonds from the bottom of his soul, ho scorned their plain attire, and woro tho richest of velvet olothos and lace ruffles, anil no ono affected a longer flowing wig of cm-led hair, or biggor, brighter shoo buckles, whilo ho w«h always surrounded by a troop of tlio pretty littio black and tan dags made fashionable by Charles II., aud wliioh havo over since boen known us King Clinrloa's spaniels. Christ inas, too, a day novor observed by tho Puritans, was kopt with peoullnr honour at Green Court. Hull, with fun und feasting for high and low. This December 26, 1C86, was no exception to tim rule. Tho tables groaned beneath tlieir weight of roast beef, hoar's head, plum pudding, nnd minco pics, and in the afternoon largo parties of young folks cumo, from far and near, to join with tlio buronot's wards iu tlio guy, holiday festivities hold in tlio great hull, whilo tlio servants and tonunts mado merry iu tlio kitahou beneath. Choerlly tlio holly and mistlotoo gleamed un the stately walls, and serenely the portraits of doad-nud-gono Peudcrills and Dalrymples beamed down upon the joyous groups that danced on tho polished floor, whore, liowovor, nono of tlio maidens wero fuircr than bright- eyed, sparkling _ Margery, us, in a pretty quilted, scariot kirtlo uud embroidered gown (if silver gniy, slio coquottiHhly trod a minuet with Bernard vcrnay, a youth of 16 mid one of tho pages to Her Majesty tho Queen, but who ut this timo was off duty and spending tho holi days nt liis father's house, iu a neighbouring county. Very confidential, too, tiioy seemed, for tlioy hnd long boen tlio bcsL of friends, and to the youug courtier ulouo had the iiillo inaiil confided tlio sohoino slio liucl planned for help ing her cousin, but which sho wus almost afraid to curry out. " A bravo littio couple, forsooth, anil graceful withal !" quotli Sir Humphrey, who stood hi tho doorway ; whilo llcgsio turned away with a sigh, thinking, '|Cuirlio forget that "towns Hal und I who wbu his praise in yours gone by?" Just Hum a servant entered witli a hugo Ihuuiug howl of snap-dragon, which was rn- csived with shrieks of delight by tlio merry aidlilran who liustonod to join haniis and dance gaily aroraid tho dish of lire, chanting in ohorus : — , Horo ho comos with thmhur bowl ; Dim'r. lie unom t« take hi- toll ! Nnip ! -1iih|i 1 Dragon ! Tako aura yoiidou't. take too much, lio not greedy In your clutch, Snln ! Snap ! Dragon ! With his bluu and Inpi.ing tongue Many of yon will bn stung, Au'p 1 Simp I Dragon ! For hu -naps at oaoli rlpu oomos, tinHtching at his fos.it. of plums. Snli | Snap ! Dragon ! But old Christmas iimkus blin uorao, l'hoiiidi ho looks so foA-fs-rum ! Bolp i Miiip! Dragon ! Don't. 'oo tear him, '.111110110111; Out ho sues, his fiatnoi aro cold, Bnlp ! Knap I Dragon ! At tho sumo thno, with frightened littio screams and much Inughtor, tlioy snatched gingorly nt tho burning raisins. "Good speed to ye all!" called Sir Hum phrey, lis ho turned away, with somo of ill's particular friends and cronies, to seek tlio wassail-bowl in tlio withdinwing-ruom. "And, remember, whoever gots the prize raisin —tlio 0110 with tho gold button in it — may ask of mo whatever ho or she most desiros, uud 'twill lie granted if in my p'owor, oven should tho husky 0110 demand myil favnuritii spaniel or -best falcon. That is Christmas law nt Green Court." "Huzza!" and ."Thank ye, thank yo, Sir Humphrey !" burnt from tho rtoliglitod young sters, while only Barnard observed that Mnrgory turned palo nnd trembled from bond to foot, " Now is your time, Margery," ho whispered. "Don't look so wnful, but plunge iu baldly. Suali happiness to Lady I'.aidorill and pretty Bona is Hiiro worth a fow blisters." , Thus urged, tlm girl march's! bravely up to tho bowl of smip-di'agou, thrust in ho''1 hand among tlis red und yollow flames, and kept it thero ! A littio cry esoapod her, while Benio nx- chimed : " Cllild, U'lml lire villi lining : Will will ho sadly burned." lint not until her fingers tmiohoil the raisin containing !ho gold button did Margery withdraw her liimd, while slio ill) brought oat a number of burns 1111 lier soft, smooth palm and taper fingers. " Bhs has it. ! - Margery 1ms the button," shouted tho Iwys aud girls. " But it was unt' fiur to fool round tlm bowl so long," growled 0110 little iihap, who laid sot his heart 011 possessing Ohloo, the luind-oniest of tlio spaniels, hut tho Others Ollieklv sl.mnnrl liis grumbling by retorting, " A pretty notion, forsooth ! E11 i tli, .wo all oould huvo done the suii'i. and if you lmd uho.vo to blister your lingers as Margery has, you might hiivn gained your wish as well. Slio must want something very muoli." " Vow little lingers !" juuriiiiired Bcriiurd, bonding over liis littio friend's band. " But tiie worst is to eoiiie," slio griianod, " for the hums aro nothing compared to facing my giianlioi sml mentioning the nnmo in, bus forbidden us lo utter." "Odilsflsh, girl! Ho is not 1111 ogre to gobble yuli up, and 1 warrant bn would give his wigfiira ehatmu to swallow his prido with dignity, and wolcomo gullautlfiil hooin again." "Niiy, nay, T misdoubt that," said Margery. Ni'i'ort.li"|e«s, easting one laving glance nt Bessie, she walkwl with 11 linn step, though a boiiling heart, to the withdrawiiig-r,i"oi. .'horo she found the bnroiint looking less stern timn iisiis). us ho quaffed 11 wassail with Colonel Bead and Admiral fKiton ; but bow oould slio know of the longing tlint was tugging at bis benrt-al rings? "Wall, Mistress Murgory, so you are tbo liteky weneli to-night!" cried "genial old Colonel Bend, ns the little maiden appeared, holding out the golden button. " And. pray, wlmt is your potitlon to he? A new heart- breaker to wear in your bonny ourls, I venture to say, or sovno other gowgaw such ns you silly glgloU love." \ "Yes, Murgory, what is it you desire?" asked Sir TTumphroy, his features relaxing into tho ghost of a smile. . _ It vyas 11 favourable moment, nnd tho girl seized it. " Nay, uncle," slio stammered, " it is neither heiirt-breakors nor gewgaws that I wish, but— but for forgiveness for " "For whom, pray? Is it Ohloo? Surely tlio boust. has not been in uiiseliief ugain ?" "Nay, it is not thb spaniel, but. one muoli dearer. It— is— ovon for my cousin — T-Ial, tliat I plead." Tho namo was out, and .Margery waited trembling, whilo an awkward siloncn fell 011 tho group, nnd Sir Humphrey turned - white to tho vory lips. s "Girl," ho thundered at length, " dost thou not know that tho rebel's namo is tabooed in Mils lioiiso?" " Yes, yes," sobbed tho suppliant, falling 011 hor lmeos, "but ho has come baok stole and wounded, und so ready to confess that ho was wrong, and bog pardon of botli you nnd tho King!' Oh, dour uholo, pray soo him onco nt loust ! As tho winner of tlio prizo raisin, I ask tills favour, whioh ;Vou aro bound to grant. Romombor, 'tis ' Christmas law at Green Court!"', " Ha, ha, gossip, tho lass has you tlioro !" ohuoklod Colonel Boad. ", nnd I for ono would bo rarely glad to griyot the young rnsoal onoe more." "Did you say, Miirgery, that hoitoknow- ledges that tho duko wae in tlio wrong P" "Yes, sir." .. " And ho will aek my pardon?" /.'Yos, yes.iuiolei" , , '" Hiimph ! TVoU. nover yot hos a Ponderill doniod tlio roquest 1 of the winner of tho gold button, aiid I, forsooth, cannot do loss than my' forofathore. where is .thb fellow P" -... - "Just without, dear unole," aud Murgory, joyfully eprlnghig up dud darting from tho room, presently returned, leading tho shame faced young soldlor by tho baud. "Fnthorl" " Harry, my son !" And ns tho two men looked into each other's faces nnd marked tho cltango tho lust six months hnd wrought iu ouch, their hearts molted, their palms mot, and the colonel and udinmil drank a '! wassail" to tliu luug-dcsircd pcuce and tlio reunion of tho Pendcrills. Novel- was so huppy a Christmas night known ut Grcou Court ! Bessie bloomod out liko 11 rose in tiie sun ; tlio sorvnnts and tenants, led by Jack Creuiuly, ohecred thoinselves lioorso. for tho " return of tiie young squire" ; whilo Lady Pondorili ' clasped Margery in her arms witli such a loving kins, and grate ful words of thanksgiving, tliut tlio girl almost forgot her smarting fingers uud danend and sang for vory joy. 80 woll was Sir Humphrey known as tlio stunchest of royalists, Unit hu had litllo diffi culty in procuring for his reurcuntsoii it full ami freo pardon from "liis most gra.oious Majesty," and before King James's slmi-i, reign was oi-i-r, und lio lind Ih-i-ii displaeod by William and Mui-y of Oriuigu, ilnl and Bessio wore married in tlio pretty village church, aud Margery, in silver and white, figured as the daintiest ol' dainty brido-iniiidoiiH ; whilo she assured the gallant little pugo, Bernard, tliut slio had been repaid a thousandfold for tho pain slio suffered iu dragon. — American M pizine. 