A Story of Christmas 1882 Hceno: Tho Tweed District. I fBY HABK ANTONY, IN V'k/LtXZiAND MKBCUKY."! Ero HX years ago, aye, jost nine years past, on the 24th of this month. Kow short tho time -seems, as I hark back to that period even now, and how real- how horribly real and vivid do tho incidents of that awful time appear Yes, I can yet recall that time. I have started in the dead hours of night often since then, and have shuddered with horror, as, in dreams, I again went through those awful hours. How comes it that the blood- curdling terrors of an hour must haunt us through life, waking or sleeping, while the memory of our joys will pass away with tho moment that gave them birth ! What philo- sophy will account for it ? By what lines can it be explained? I turn from it iii shuddering horror; as beyond human ken, and submit to the readers my story of that terrible night. In the summer of 1882,1 found myself in Lismore, on the north arm of the Rich- mond Uiver, a careless, happy-go-lucky youngster, with more leisure than common- sense, and with no deSaite purpose in view save a desire to ' Bee tho country ' and gain ' Colonial experience,' i.e., to. enjoy myself thoroughly in whatever place the moments found me, and laugh at Care in whatever guise he appeared. I had just parted with a dear companion, my comrade in many a happy and adventurous hour, and although I felt his loss I envied not his condition. He had left me in the middle of our wan- derings, lured by a pair of bright oyes, and a gentle voice, and now I was alone. Por the previous three months I had lounging about in the various towns on the river now at Casino, anon at Coraki, then down to Woodburn, Ballina, and so on, till at last I had pulled up at Lismore on the north arm -all the scenes on tho river beginning to pall on me, and my mind made up to strike north, over the Night-cap Mountain, and visit the lonely valleys of the Tweed. - , I bad heard of ten of tho wild and rugged beauties of this solitary »mountain.<road,io£ the dark, mysterious ravines among the hills, of awsome gullies and dizzy steeps, and the ¡bald and: dreary summit of the desolate j mountain towering lonely and grand over all. Ï was told to stand on the top of the Night-cap, and watch the sun appear away far over the wilderness of forests, and to mark the glory of his rays as they struck, and turned into belts of molten gold, the waters of the Bichmond away in the valley to my left, and the Tweed with her many tributaries to the north. I was told, too, of a lonely and deserted bush cottage, deep down in one of the many ravines that fur- row the mountain road, and was warned to camp on the wind-beaten summit of the Night-cap itself, rather than in that thrice accursed dwelling. No living creature ven- tured, even in broad daylight, within its shelter-not even the hungry native dog would invade its ruined garden plot. It stood there alone and terrible, an unhallowed excrescence on the green bosom of the gully -for the brand of murder and violence was on it, and the dark bloodstains of a terrible crime yet stained its floor and walls. In the dead watches of the night its rooms were said' to be the scene of wild and ghastly revels, and shrieks and cries that wero not of this earth, had been heard to pierce the darkness from its hated gloom. ' Horrid blue vapours and corpse-lights would gleam and flit from its broken windows and doors, and mad, unhallowed bursts of hellish glee were often borne to the ears of the belated traveller. Yes, truly, according to local tradition, it was a dread, uncanny spot ; and good ' mother Watson,' with whom I had been boarding since my arrival in Lismore, gave me many a solemn warning, to avoid its accursed door. 'Te see, sonny,'she said,''hit's no good to go temptin* o' Providence-no good at all, an' so ye'Il say if ye venture near 'Black Alf's' 'ouse. He wor a 'orrid wretch, he wor ; an* there be ole folks roun' here yet, as mind o' him quite well. He murdered his pore wife on' his own brother through jelersey, in that same 'ouse, an' w'en the p'lico went'r ketch'm 'e shot 'is self through the black'art-. Oh, I know-as'ow yo say that ye don't believe in ghostses, an' sech ; but I tell ye, don't make too sh uro o' that philosophy. There bo stranger things in i ven an' barth. Ye knows what I mean, an' if ye take my advice ye'll keep away furn Black Alf's, o' nights in particular.' ' Mrs. Watson,' I said, * I thank you for your advice, but I have not tho least notion of taking it. I have no believe in such silly yarns, and if I can reach this haunted house of yours before nightfall I shall paBS my -Christmas Eve beneath its awful roof-tree. Black Alf may have been all of the villain you claim for him while in life-while in life, you know, Mrs. Watson ; but now that he's dead, you'll pardon me if I refuse to 'shin round,' out of tho way of his spirit. In my wanderings I have never yet had tho honour of meeting a real ghost. I have seen them, you know, but on investiga- tion they always turned out mala fide-poor, contemptible, shoddy frauds, Mrs. Watson, and now when there Booms a chance of falling in with the real bona fide article, you surely would not be so cruol as to forbid me to examine it. Well, good-bye, dear madam. If tho ghost of Black Alf is a social ghost there is brandy enough in my saddle bags for us both-aye, and for the ghosts of his martyred relations, too, and if' he is a surly ghost, or like to be quarrelsome in any way, I'll lott simply riddle him with bullets out of toil rcTolrar.' Poor M». Watson shook her head in a sad, reproving war, and bidding me good- bye, tamed away to hide her laughter, while I, patting spars to my horse, cantered off in the direction of the Tweed River road. The hour was about 7 p.m.-my favourite time for starting on a journey when, the nights were clear, and I was told that about four hours' gentle riding would bring me to the summit of the hills, at which point I meant to camp, so as to witness the beauties of the next- morning's sunrise from the top of the famous Night-cap mountain. It was a wild,- weird road, away up among those of the almost perpendicular cliffs, and again climbing over the crest of some mighty ridge where the roots of the tall eucalyptus trees brushed your shoulders on one side, and the topmost branches of those on the other side were in line with your stirrup-iron. Occa- sionally the dull, thunderous roar of a mountain torrent would break on the ear, and afar off on the dark bosom of the hill, the white, woolly foam, would be seen rush- ing and leaping toward the lower country. Bald and rugged promontories of red-grey sandstone jutted out here and there, that seemed, from a distance, to bar all further travel on the rood, and it was only when you neared thom that you could see the white streaks of the road, as it wound along their dizzy face. It was a wild and savage scene -a region of grand and awful desolation, and of which might well be written-a land of Grags, knolls, and peaks, confusedly hnrlod ? Tho fragments of an earlier world. The hour was about midnight, when I at length pulled up my tired horse at the bottom of the very highest peak of that mighty ridge of hills, and I knew that the Night-cap lay before me. Ten minutes' riding would now bring me to the top, so I determined to go no further till morning, but to at once locate Black Alf's ruined house, and camp there for the night. I had no trouble in finding tho steep little ravine that led down to it, and had just dismounted to lead my horse down when the sound of hoof-strokes coming over the ridge met my ear, and I knew that some traveller was approaching. "Now by all that's lucky,' I said, 'I am going to have a companion after all.' I came back on to the road, instantly, prepared to hail tho traveller, whom I could now perceive riding down to where I stood, at a pretty smart trot. He was evidently coming from tho Tweed ; and, from tho rate he was going at, it did not seem as if he meant to camp yet while. I waited till he was almost abreast of mo, and then seeing that ho did not notice me back in the shadow of the trees, I gave him a cheory hail. I shall never forget tho look of white, quivering horror that leapt into his ruddy face, nor tho sharp jerk with which ho brought his horse back to his haunches as soon as he caught the sound of my voice. Por an instant he sat there and glared at mo as if turned to stone, and then his blood- less lips and husky voice formed tho words, ' In God's name, who are you ?' ' Well, now,' I cried, wonderingly, ' that is good. Why, man, what is the matter with you ? Tou look as scared as if you thought me a bushranger.' 'Bushranger bed-d,' he muttered, as be slid off his horBO and leaned his head on the saddle. ' Bushranger. Ha ! No, but domino if I didn't think yo wor the devil.! Oh! go on now,' I said, ' you are quite a flatterer, old man. How do you manage to trace tho resemblance?' . » J,-. He looked at me in'a'puzzlè'd sort of way for a moment, and then giving a grasp or two as if he had been running and was out of breath, said : ' Mate, ye guv me the wust scare just now I ever had in my life. D'ye know where yer standin' ?-and if ye do what in the blazes d'ye mean by it ? This, let me inform you,' he continued, impressively, and pointing down to the gully-'This ia the entrance to Collin Creek, an' down thar about 400 yards is a house, the house of Black Alf, the murderor; and I tell ye, stranger, there are moro ghosts and goblins in that house than there are strangers in the year, so now d'yo understand why I tuk ye for the devil ?' ' Now, for goodness sake,' I cried, ' don't you begin to tell me that, you believe that silly old yarn. Why man, at the moment I heard you coming I was just on my way to that very house to camp for the night.' ' Te wor?' 'I certainly was!' ' And d'ye know the story of that place ?' he enquired. ' Pah !' I said, ' of course I do. I heard all those old yarns, but I don't believe a word of them. In fact it was on account of those very rumours that I determined on going.' Tho traveller paused for a moment, and gazed curiously in my face, as if trying to determine if I was in earnest. Then, being apparently satisfied, . ho lowered his voice almost to a whisper, and peering down tho gully, remarked ' Well, I dunno, air, I've heard some awful stories o' that same house- horrible, blood-curdling stories - an' although I wouldn't like to see ye goin' down there to camp all by yerself, still I don't think as I'd like to go with ye. Say,' he continued, with ' great animation, ' there's a splendid camping place back hore about a mile. 'I was just goin' to camp there myself. What say if wo go back to it.' ' No,' I said, ' most decidedly not. The night is changing, as you can perceive, and wo'll have a thunderstorm before long, and in any case, I'm determined to sleep in this haunted house, just to show that it is all a parcel of rot.' ' Well, lad, here's with you. As you say, demme, wot's about.a ghost. I nuvvur seed any o' them ghosts myself, and so p'raps there ain't seen a thing. Come along, I'll lead the way, goblins or no goblins.' ' Now that is what I call sensible,' I said ; mid, following my new friend, a walk of a fow minutes brought us to a level green plateau at the foot of the chine. A clear belt of gleaming water made a half circle round this verdant little glade, and than meandered away among the brush. At the upper end of tho little clearing stood a neat, four-roomed cottage, with a shingled roof, and tho door banging loose by the lower hinge. No trace of the usual vegetable garden now remained, save a fow ghost-like posts standing here and there on the level swards, and a pile of old slabs in a further corner of the glade, alone indicated whero tho stable had been. "Wo were at Coffin Creek at last, and the haunted house of Black Alf was before us. My companion now made way for me to precede bim, and, leading my horse up to the door, I hung him up on a ring in one of the slabs, and strode into the haunted dwelling. What was it that seemed to catch and enfold me, even in that first moment. What .clueless horror is this I feel stealing over me F Bah ! - Carse it ! I will not giro into it. I stamped my foot wrathfully on the floor, and swore that no silly old woman's yarn, would thus be allowed to influonce me. The awful terror that had seemed to harrow my very BOUI now wore gradually off; and I smiled bitterly as I thought on how nearly I was to acting the, part of a weak, super- stitious fool. ' Heavens,' I muttered, 'could I ever imagine that such nonsense had made this impression on me?' My very blood had seemed to freeze in my veins, and my breath to come in short, smothered gasps, and for that brief instant I had felt my knees tremble, as with the ague. I kicked myself-of course in a figurative senBe-and striking a match ignited a piece of candle which I had with me, and placed it on the mantel-piece. My new comrade now entered, carrying his saddle and Bwag, and with quite a subdued look in his eye, but remembering my own late panic, I took no notice of it, and going up prepared to unsaddle my own horse. I was Boon done, and I was just after putting the hobbles on him, when-a gasping cry from the interior reached me, and the nest instant my companion reeled out in the moonlight, his face haggard and drawn, and his eyes starting from his head, while his arms seemed to hang limp and helpless from his shoulders. He reeled over to me, and catching my hand, whispered huskily : ' I say, mate, for th' Lord's sake let us get out o' here ! Come-come in with me, mate, till I get my saddle, and then let us clear. I nuwur can stay in that horrid place.' ' Now, what nonsense !' I said, ' whatever is thë'matter with you; man ? Here, have a drink of i this brandy.' He was shaking like a leaf, but took the bottle and drank some of the liquor. ' Now,' I- continued, ' don't be a ninny. There is nothing here to touch us only our own silly fears. Whatever was the matter with you ?' ' Ah, I'm blessed if I kin tell yor, mate. Kern all over shaky and sick like, an'-an' oh, I dunno how I felt, but I'm all right again. Yes, well let's git some timber, and git on a big fire, and then we kin hev toa, and-yes, yes, I dessay it wor on'y my own silly thoughts, but all the same ye won't leave me in there alone enymore. Oh no, not much ye won't.' I readily promised him this, and helping ourselves to another drink each of thebrandy, we soon had plenty of wood blazing up on the hearth, and a boiling billy of tea was not long in following. Our horses wore feeding quietly on tho rich herbage near, and so, disposing ourselves on our blankets as close to tho fire as to be comfortable, and with the brandy bottle between us, we were soon aB happy as a pair of crickets, and all our late fears were forgotten. Jim, that was my companion's name was on the way to Lis- more to Bpend his Christmas holidays with his parents, he being employed as a chain man to a party of surveyors on the Tweed. He was a fine, manly chap, and we were soon on the most intimate terms, and passed tho time giving each other a brief sketch of our lives, and discussing the brandy, with which we were both fairly supplied. Ho explained to mo that he had put off till it was too late in starting from Murwillumbah. 'But what did it matter now. I'm as happy here, Tom, as if I wor in Lismore, for I've met' a jolly good chum, and I'll kin hev it ter say when I goes'orno that'I camped in Black Alf's cabin, and nuwur seed a b- ghost either-' . A wild, unearthly shriek of agony pealed through tho room, as my companion ceased speaking. A shriek so horrible and loud that my heart ceased to beat, and I felt my flesh creep on my bones with unconquerable horror. My comrades under jaw had fallen at the first awful sound of that hellish voice, and as I sprang to my feet I WOB just in time to catch him from rolling into tho fire in a dead faint." "My God!' I muttered, 'what can it mean ? What demon power is over UB ?' I laid my insensible chum on his blanket, and was proceeding to sprinkle his face with water when again that drendful scream filled the room. My hair rose on ond with unutterable horror, and the great sweat drops rolled over my brow as I cowered beneath the awful sound. Chiliad to tho soul I gazed around the room, but nothing save the bare walls, stained in many placea with that dark and fatal stain, met my oye. ' Can such things be ?' I muttered. ' Is there-can there-? But no! A thousand timeB no ! It is some vile trick, some damn- able piece of villany, and I will not have it !' I seized my revolver aud dashed into the other rooms, the light of madness in my eye, and my blood rushing in hot torrents through my veins. ' It's a lie,' I shouted ; 'a miserable, cowardly, cruel lie, and I hero dare the cowardly villains who are acting it to come forth and show themselves.' Again that dreadful shriek rang out, and froze my very soul, but I was mad, yes, literally^ mad, and clutching tho pistol I dashed into the open glade and dared them -aye, were it the legions of darkness-to appear in palpable form. Even in that awful hour of horror my eye took in every object of the glade. I saw the dark fringe of woods, the shining belt of the creek, the broken remainB of the old fence, and tho forms of our two horses in tho open. These latter, I noticed, were not feeding now. They were standing with heads erect, and trembling flanks in the corner farthest from the house, and even at that distance I could catch the wild gleam of terror in their eyes, and hear the short, terrified snorts, they emitted. .. . Nothing ebie met my eye-no ghastly, grinning inhabitant of the grave. Yet the awful dread that filled me was none the less. I turned into the accursed house once more, and knelt by the side of my still unconscious chum. Not a motion of his breast denoted that ho yet lived. His face was pale and ghastly, and his eyes half closed, and tho balls turned up, and his body was rigid as that of a dead man. ' Oh, Heavens !' I groaned, ' am I alone in this horrible place with a doad man ?' . Alono with tho dead.' Tho whisper Beemed in my ear-a fierce, exultant, fiend- ish whisper, and as I started away in dread, and glanced towards tho fire, I waa con- scious of a great change in my surroundings. A cheerful fire, was now burning in the polished grate, and the place was furnished in the usual comfortable style of a bush parlour, where a woman presides. A large table filled the space in the centre of the room, covered with a nice green cloth, and there wore a great number of nicely bound books sot up at each corner. My fears now seemed gradually to subside, and to lose that more awful species of creeping dread that comes to UB when we feel we are fuce to face with the supernatural. It was a cheerful, homely scene, I now beheld, and although I had still a dim consciousness of the past horrors, and felt that what I now gazed uppn was not of this earth, I was yet comparatively calm. An old cottage time Íticca on tho shelf gave a warning whirr. I ookod, and aa I did so it struck one. There was a rustle at the door as of a woman's drees, and the next instant a young, good looking female, entered hurriedly, her honda clasped in frout of her breast, and a wild, hunted look in her eyes. The sound of a horse's hoofs now struck on my ear, and the woman, too, Beemed to hear them, for she started convulsively and moaned in a help- less, terror-stricken way, her eyes fixed on the door. 'Oh Heaven save me!' she wailed, ' 'Tis he ! 'tis ho !' A savage volley of brutal oaths now rang out from the door, and it was kicked off tho hinges, and a man entered-a dark, brutal-looking man, with the awful glare of murder in his drunken eye, and the foam of unbridled passion working from his animal mouth. Uttering a foul oath he sprang on the helpless woman, and twisting his. left hand in the tresses of her beautiful dark hair, he dragged her off her feet, and with her head on the corner of the table. 1 Oh, spare me, Alf. Don't murder me!* It was her last cry. The former brutal word was again hurled at her, and the next instant the right arm. of the murderer rose in the air-the hand holding a butcher's cleaver - and was brought down with a dull crunching sound on the head of the victim. The wild Bhriek of mortal agony again rang out on the night, and was followed by a rush of feet from a back room, and another man dashed into the room. One horrified glance was all he had time, to give, when again the arm of the murderer rose on high. The blood- stained cleaver again descended, and as the man turned to fly he was cleft to the neck. A fiendish peal of laughter followed. The crash ns of a thousand falling thunderbolts shook tho air, and again all was'still. All the pent-up horror of the scene now rushed over my soul. The room now assumed its former dreary look, and in the corner, still prone on his blanket, lay my late comrade. I sprang to my feet, and clutched my hair, and shrieked aloud in my agony, but Only the dull echoes of the bare walls gave back my cries. Again I raved and blasphemed in my madness, and hurled forth my wild challenge, then sank exhausted by my unconscious mate, the revolver clutched in my right hand, and my frenzied eyes glaring into the dim and terrible gloom. Slowly a strange, bluish light, stole into tho dark- ness, revealing each object with ghastly distinctness, and playing on the face of my inanimate companion, as if to yet. further harrow my soul with tho sight. Then a dread procession began to slowly emerge from tho inner room and wind its way over the floor. First came tho murdered woman, her eyes turned imploringly on mo, and her face and the upper part of her dress drenched in gore. She took up a position near tho door, and was followed by the man who had been second to receive his death wound. Tho severed portions of his head wore lying back on his blood-stained shoulders, and tho cleaver - the awful instrument of both crimes-was yet em- bedded in his neck. The murderer came last, his saturnino face convulsed with au awful agony. A smoking revolver was in his hand, and tho front of his vost waB splashed with blood, while from three separate places on his breast the red life current was spouting forth. Ile ranged up beside tho others, his glassy oyes fixed on me, and his finger poiuting in triumph to his victims. * Oh, Heaven !' I cried, ' will those horrors never pass away ? Am I to bo driven mad -mad ! Hence devils, begone ! Off I off ! I Bayl I will-not give into ye.' I again sprang to my feot, and emptied ? tho' six chambors of my revolver among tho horrible group. Only tho same wild, blood-curdling, shriek rewarded my efforts. Tho bloody phantoms gradually died away, and a'faint grey light stealing in threw the broken win- dow warned me that tho blessed light of day was coming. "With an almost superhuman effort I caught my comrade under tho arms and dragged him out of that accursed place, and down through tho dewy grass and tho Bweet morning light, to the bank of tho creek. Then overtaxed nature refused further to assist me, and I Bank fainting and uncon- scious by his side. Well, my story is told. I was brought to myself at the end of about a couple of hours, by my friend, who had, it seems, recovered in the interval, and the blessed sun was pouring down his rays on tho glndo, _ and driving off the black horrors of the night. The strangest part of the story was that my chum had, it appeared, gone through all the terrors that I have described while I had, according to his story been tho unconscious ono. No, it was no vision of sleep. The six chambers of my revolver wero found empty, and I saw tho bullet- mark in the slabs where had stood the spectre group. Jim and I saddled up our horses, and then, having gathered armfuls of brushwood, we sot fire to that accursed house, and rode off on our respective routes, as the enveloping flames leaped through its shingles. I have never heard siuce that any other travellers had ever again been scared by " The Three Spectres of Coffin Creek.' 