THEY AEBITEATED. Two men were standing on a corner on Sixth Avenue, holding an animated conversation. ' I say that man Webb is a sneak,' said one of them excitedly. ' He's no sneak,' replied the other. ' But the strike is all over, so whaf s the use of taking about it. The strikers never had a ghost of a shew anvbow.' ' That5 s all you know- about it,' sneered the first speaker. ' Of course ifs over. The Knights are whipped.' ' The Knights had just begun ? ' ' Ju6t begun to play out for good.' 'No, sir !' ' Yes, sir !' ' Do you mean to say that I'm not a man of my word ? If thaf s what you're driving' at come out and call me a liar.' ' I guess you have sized yourself up about right.' Then they clinched. After the battle had raged for some time with, varying results, the striker got his adversary down, and was preparing to take advantage of the situation, when a Knight of Labor, who had been standing near, said : ' Hold on ! Don't punch him yet. Just let me ask him a few questions. How about these labor troubles ? Do you think the strike is really over ?' ' I am beginning to have my doubts about it,' Eaid the under-man. ' I am thinking that there is no doubt but what the Knights had consider aDle power, alter all. ' O, you are, eh. ? What do you think of Vice President Webb ?' ' O, I haven't as good an opinion of him now as I had. Perhaps he should have treated the strikers more politely.' ' You said a while ago that I was lying. Am I ?' put in the striker on top, drawing back bis arm threateningly. ' No, indeed you ain't. I'm attending to the lying just new, but if you will just let me up, I think I know where there is a saloon keeper who would act as arbitrator in this little affair with out detriment to the honor of either party.' ' Now you are talking sensible,' said the striker, letting him up and brushing the dirfc from his coat. ' If you had made a proposition like that before, this little strike would never have occurred,' and they proceeded to the nearest saloon, where the bitter memories of the past were washed down with foaming bumpers of beer. 