MISCELLANEOUS. Among tlic curious professions uro arti ficial car and nose makers,prayer- makers, lcg-sti-etclicrs,' salad-mixers nnd four teenth men. The latter class is much in demund in Paris, to meet tlio awkward ness of having thirteen guests to dinner, of which they are.vory superstitious ; the fourteenth man is always ready to utteud at a moment's notice. , "While Sir .Tidius Hector thinks that the projected Antarctic expedition may solve some scientific problems connected with the vaguries of volcanic action, Huron Von Miicllcr believes it far from unlikely that the exploring party may break in upon an occasional lucotingof whales, und disturb those who are spouting. It is by no means improbable that before very long tlic longest marine and tlie largest land animals,the wlmlc and the elephant, will become as extinct as tlie uioa. And mainly because of what they have in their mouths. But for tlioso tusks of his, the elephant, likely enough, might bo per mitted to wander unmolested from the Zahar.i to tlio Cape of Good Hope. This shows the shortsightedness of animals in taking to growing/nnythiiig that men covet, such as abnormal teeth ..or warm skins. - Like tho'stug'mfKc fable, wliich prided himself on his antlers, the skins or the tusks which thoy admired are tlic precise thing that lead to their ruin. The bison, tlio seal, the elephant, and the wliale have found this out to their cost. If the last-mentioned contained more blood, less blubber, and 110 whalebone, the South Pole might remain in chill loneliness for aye without anybody's caring to disturb them. A young gentleman wlio lately left his liome iii England, luiving exhausted his credit, telegraphed to liis parents:— " Your son wis killed tliis morning hy n fulling cliiinnoy. "What sluill we do with tlio remains •* " In reply a cheque was sent for £20, with the request, " bury them." The young gentleman pocketed the money and bail an elaborate spree. When ina condition for writing ho sent his father the following note:—"I have just learned that an infamous scoundrel named Barker sent you a fictitious account of my death, and swindled you out of XliO. Ho also borrowed £10 of luc and left the country. I write to inform you that I am still alive, and long to see the parental roof again. I am in some what reduced circumstances, the accumu lations of the last live years having been lost—a disastrous stock operation—and if you would only spare me £20 I would bo ever so thankful for your favor. Give my love to all." A few days later the young man received the following digni fied loiter from his outraged parent:— " My dear Son,—I have buried you once and that is the end of it. I deelino to have any transaction with a ghost. Yours in tlio ficsli.—Father." The oldest newspaper in the collection limuglit together-in the exhibition at Cologne of tlio early triumphs of the printing press dates from 1529, It des cribes the entry of tlio llomaii Finporor into Bologna, and lolls how his Papal Holiness met. his Imperial Majesty on that august occasion. The next oldest gives an account of the overflow of the Tilios in I.mU. Oilier newspapers, coming down to 1(11-1, tell of wars with the Turks the sacking of cities, and other remark able events. There are 1-1 of these six teenth century newspapers, and all ex cept two consist of four small quarto leaves. The latest was evidently a. campaign extra got up to add glory to the King of Spain. It laid a formidable title, which runs thus :—" True Xcws paper, describing liow the Mighty King of Spain has lately acquired in the East Indies an Incalculable Treasure -worth many Hundreds of Millions, the like of which has never been Heard of before." This precious boomerang was issued from tlio press of Peter von Bracliel in Cologne and rcnils strangely enough in tlie light of the fact that Spain never did achieve any triumph ill'the Fast Indies. That old campaign extra was evidently n more unmitigated work of fiction than any achievement oven of the modern Yankee press. It is told of a certain Congressman, who is noted for his wit and repartee,that when a liul at the boarding-school lie passed through the dining-room one day nod discovered a bunch of grapes upon the table. Thinking himself unobserved, he held up the fruit and said alound: "I proclaim the banns between this bunch of grapes and my mouth. Anyone knowing of any reason why this union should not take place must speak at onee, or for ever after hold his peaeo." No objection being offered, the "union" took place, and the boy went on his way.' When he returned to the schoolroom the master called him to his desk, liais ing a rod aloft, the teacher solemnly said : " I proclaim the banns between this rod and Thomas J's. hack. Anyone knowing why this union should not take place must speak at once, or for ever hold his peace." " I forbid the banns," said Thomas, quickly. " For what reason ?" demanded the irate schoolmaster. "Parties fail to agree," was the quick retort. " I withdraw the banns, and you may take your seat," said the teacher; and Tom did so amid the subdued np plause and admiration of all bis friends." It is impossible further to ignore the fact, '"says the A'itr<i/>r<r// Afui/, that the hitherto unfailing tacit and meoir fain of II.K.TI. tlie Prince of Wales seem, at a recent crisis, to linvo suddenly deserted him. The intimacy wliieh lias sprung: up between II.II.II. and Union Ilirsch is regarded with grave displeasure and openly spoken of as n serious scandal at several European Courts, and it is said, on excellent authority, that it will ho made tlio sub ject of a* joint letter to he adressed to this l'rineo by a certain number of his most influential foreign relatives. The recent visit to St. Joliann seems to liavcbroughL to a head t lie discontent and wrath which this curious alliance has for some tiiuo excited generally, but beyond all otlicr places at Vienna. "I'll like you to conic over lo that house with me, saiil a canvasser to policeman on Napoleon-street u tlay or two ago. " What for ?" " The womiiu bought a clock of 1110 on the instalment plan. She still owes lidol., anil will, neither pay nor give up the clock." " But why don't you go into court f " I'll liaveto, iierhaps, but I thought I'd make one more attempt. I want you to stand in the front of the house for the moral effect it will have on her.' The " officer went with him and assumed n soil, of heroic pose at the gate, while the: canvasser went to the.side door.. It was promptly opened at his knock', and still more promptly a pail of watordeluged him from head to foot and run him out of the yard. " Well, the moral effect of my presence didn t seem to count, remarked the olliccr. " Hut you bet i t did ' gasped the other as lio shook himself. " She had a hoo-handle, two dogs, a • razor, mid her two big boys in there, anil if you hadn't been here wlicre'd Ibeiibout this time ? The prettiest rolie do unit has a deep sailor collar nmdc in tiny lucks running all down it. These tucks finish abruptly . within two inches of the border of the collar, a liandstitchcd hoin, thus forming - a sort of frill ail round.: The wliolo collar is made in one piece and so - nro the-' sleeves, which arc tightened in' at the 1 wrists by the tucks, tlio liomibordered . frill falling over the hand. 1 A~ full frill trims the front of tlio robe. 'Kiissin'nluce ' worked in colors and barbaric, designs; is" to be the. fashion iii Fans, and is some thing aligo^t unknown outside llussia itself. 