CONVICT DAYS VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. TE.U2 CUJZONICLES. [?] N.i, 0. Tin: .:;ir.sr it hi:a7o;.\\-:'k i-.i.i:. It lias been said that British history is enshrined in Westminster Abbey and Saint Fauls. Ttie great men, who sleep beneath ; their marble labiete in these vener.ible structuree, are intellectual stepping stones, which lead the student along the road of knowledge. A burial ground, under any clrcumFtar.eeR -whether in the twilight gloom of G.rtilia architecture, or under the tropical .sun in il limitable deserts — must always possess a history more or loss important. What strange and pathetically true stories could be written of alaioft any cemetery, j hut there are some that stand cut, ."\iont Blanc-like, above the common place God's Acres in the interest which r.ttacnes to them. One of such is Diadtuan's Is'.e — the cemetery of Port Arthur prison. The small isle is appropriately named, and the beauty of the spot could nor. be fiurp.-iesed anywhere in the world. It llncln like an oasis in Port Arthur, a short distance frcm j the shore, All around the giant cliff? seem to guard it, and break the irresistible fury of the frequently Btcrm-I.ossed Southern Ocean. Standing on the beach of I:jrt Arthur, with the great prison frowning behind him. the spectator cannot Inlp contrasting the emerald gem, with its beauty and peace, with the rugged aspect of buth nature and humanity at his. back. Since ls:Ji Dead man's Isle has been the prison burial place, and many strange chapters could be written, regarding thoEe who have there found their last resting- place on earth. The grave hap closed over many a human tiger, and inetancr-s are not wanting where innocent men have met a felon's ignominious end. and been laid on the sslet. It is a convict Westminster Abbey, and though one hae t o read a life's b isrory by a number, and not by a name, the prison re cords are ample to do fo. During the latter half of 1 s.'jl . this island cemetery, ilic.i boasting of very few mounds j indeed, was the scene of a wend event, and 1 one which for six months fairly puzzled the convict authorities at Hoi. art Town and J 1'ort Arthur. Under the tnle- of the Ghost | of Headman's Isle, this extraordinary J chronicle will be fold. ' On the Ul h of March, IMA, at llie L-pd's J asri7.es. a man, who gave his t.anic as Hubert j Tenfold, and his ags as thirty-five, was j charged with inciting a mutiny on the high j seas. He lmd been an able penman, and | possessed great influence over liis shin- | mates. The vessel iio was on board was ueten-ffbly o small inoich.-ntmsn, hut in reality it was chiefly engaged in smuggling spirits, tobacco and various other articles from France Btid Holland to England. The captain was a bounccublu ruliiau. and though lie was amassing a fortune by his illicit prac- tic.-s, the seamen, who ran most risk, got little for their trouble. 1'jnfold was particularly obnoxious to Hie skipper, hut as he was able to read and wine (qualifications not to be despised in the be ginning of the centurj). and was also a good seaman, Captain Treniaync used him in hie various transactions, and concealed hia dislike. The men were no lovers of the explain, and at last they decided to put bin. ashore on a return voyage and rcn away with the lugger. Tenfold to be leader. Treachery discovered the pintle Tramayne, and he speedily denounced JYnfold to the authorities. 13y a judicious system of pre sents to influential pcrplc around Hill', rtie captain had for yens tucccnhd in quietly carrying on Ilia smuggling dp rat:o:i., and this lui'iuence stood him in prod need when I the trial of Tenfold came c JT_ The wily skipper had got most of the crew on his sice, by insisting that 1 'enfold alone was re sponsible for the intended mutiny, and three of them gave, evidence against h;ni. The result of the trial was that the sailor was I sentenced to transportation to V an Dieman's ! Bind "for the term of his natural life." In J the beginning o! Is 11 he reached. D sdon , (Ilobart- Town afterwards), and started Ins hopeless servitude. Tor a weary eighteen years he worked in niisery at the convict setileincut, hut on tin: morning o; the 11 flail of April, Is m. he was found to be missing. No one had the j slightest idea of linw he escaped, bui 1 treachery wns suspected, -'is, without help I from an cfiicial, it was impossible that the j " lifer " could have got :iv:r.y in erj mysterious ! a manner. Tiie gaul employees were most I carefully examined, but r.o blatne could be I brought home to them. The usual routine of the penal bi at ion hnd | been slightly disturbed a wick previously, by the arrival of a convict ship with a largo number of trnuipcrtees', cud this fact must have aided Tenfold in bis escape. Theu=ual perfunctory search was. made for him, hut without success, and as time rolled oil and lie did not return to Ilobart Town, it was generally concluded that he had perished in the inhospitable Icrerts, in winch he would seek shelter from his pursuers. Some few persona thought that Tenfold might have | escaped by sea in a friendly whaler, hut, dead j ;;r alive, he was not again recn Et HobBit I Town, and he v.aa gradually forgotten, and I another felon took his number. The growing population of free peopie in Ilobart 'J'ovvn pug tested the necessity of re moving the convict prison, and Governor Arthur, shortly after the escape of Tenfold, tool; steps to do so, selecting Tasman s J 'ininsuia us t he most euitnble place to erect trie new gaol of Tort Arthur. The conrtruc- tiuu of such a n extensive prison occupied a considerable time, hut at the end of Irill it was ready for occupation, and henceforward wap the great convict centre of Van Hieman'e Hind. The mortality amongst the prisoners from ordinary sickness was very high, nr.d with Hie executions and the ordinary death rate of tile guards, the cemetery of Deadmar- a Idle was speedily put into use. The islet lied been frequently visited by excursionists from Ilobart Town and others, eo mat the priaon authorities regarded it as a matter c! course that it E'uould not appear as an uninhabited island. Almost daily the prison officials visited the place, and the establishment of the gaol on the peninsula had the effect of bringing a greatly increased passenger traffic to Port Arthur. A daily service between it and liobart Town was instituted, but now that the lovely islet had been set apart lor burial purposes few persons landed on it, unices they had business to perform. Cemeteries are not the most cheerful places, and when one gets the reputation of facing haunted, when it is broadly plated that one or more of the defunct residents in the Silent City have taken a notion to " walk," it i.= still more avoided. Daring the month of September, 1.81! such an awesome reputation was beginning to at tach itself to Headman's Isle. It was whis pered Bround that a ghost had been reen there, and superstitious people Fhook their heads in a knowing manner, as they at-ked was it any wonder that such a dread spot should be haunted. Already thirteen graves were on the idle, of which eleven were those of murderers, who had been hanged lor their crimes, and one of the remaining three was that of the blackest villian who had ever been formed in the shape of man. He was burglar, mur derer and cannibal, but he had escaped the "allows by dying by his own hand. It must he this suicide (Engelliardt), whose unquiet spirit wandered occasionally on the mor tuary island, BO thought many of those who believed in the BupcmatOTST." The first rumor that a Kpirit had its abode on the islet, was started by a queer circnrn- stanca that happened on the evening of the £tb September. It appears that Corporal Heffeman, with three privates, went to the cemetery on that date for the purpose of dig ging a grave, as an execution was to take place next morning. It was a mere whim of the party to dig the grave at night. It was a bright moonlight evening, and thecorporal fancied that it would be more pleasant to do the work under the beams of the moon than to wait for the rieing sun, and he obtained permission to carry out hie wish. The ejiut where they hadtodig the tomhof a then living man wbs on the south-east side of the isle, and cloDe r.o the beach. This was the most exposed part, and the unceasing action of the ocean had worn the cliffs into strange and fantastic shapes. The four men began their work with many a cruel jest regarding it, and the ultimate fate of the death-doomed man, for whom it was intended, when Ileffernan, who was standing with a shovel in his hand, suddenly uttered a stilled exclamation of terrified sur prise, as he pointed, with outstretched arms, m the. dircctic-i of the rock close to them. llis companions gaze followed the direc- 1 tiun he pointed, and there in front of them, ! standing apparently on the edge of the cliff, | was the clearly outlined figure of a man, but I not such a man as any the corporal and hiB I comrades knew. He must surely belong to j a prehistoric day. To that time when tho Bible saj s " there were giants in t hose days," for he appeared to them as the Brobdiguag did to Gulliver. Xkismust.bcnhurcan monster they looked on. for it was, at least, thirty feet high, and gigantic in proportion. Hctfcrnan was as brave aa most men — indeed, braver than irjoaf, for be wan considered the dare-devil of his regiment — but this colussal apparition altogether unnervc-d him. For the life of him he could not take his eyes away from the figure, but as he and the soldiers looked it seemed gradually to become fainter and fainter, and at last it vanished completely. " Merciful God, " said the corporal, aa he wiped the perspiration frcm biB face, " that was nothing mortal. I could see tho stars shining through its body." " So did I. Ilaon't we better get back. I'm not fit to work to-night," answered a bolditr. They were all of the same mind in that rcapect, for an Irishman is peculiarly sus ceptible to superstitious fear. He willchaige a battery of artillery, or traverse wild and unknown regions, but ask him to stay a night in a haunted house, and he will refuse in terror. Hrffernan and hie comrades, with many a frightened glance backward, soon reached their boat, and were speedily at the gaol> where they told of their etrange adven ture. Next morning they accompanied tho superintendent to the spot where they had seen the apparition, but there was not the least sign to Ehow that cither a material or an etherrsl body had been there. In fact, if Hiffernan had obEerved what he stated.it must have been a phantom, for no human being could have stocd in such a place, ae it wan simply a precipice where two cliffs had I been rent, or worn in twain. | The soldiers were badly rallied by their I comrades on their faculty of second sight, I but all the jokoa they listened to did not I shake their belh-f that a ghost had shown it- j Belt to them. Eight days afterwards their story received a strong corroboration, which canned the cuihuritieH to take stepa to eluci date the mystery. On the 11. h of September, Lieutenant I rcnch, with two other sub- atlicers. went out in a boat from Tort Arthur to fish. The afternoon was remarkably fine, and aB tliey met with luck, they did not take notice of the flight of lime. It was after midnight as tliey rowed into l'ort Arthur, and as they floated under he shadow of Headman's Isle they decided to " make a night of it." by continuing their piscatory pursuit. They stopped almoin, under the shadow of the south-eastern cliffs, and continued their fish ing. The moon had only risen half an -hour pervioualy, hut it was already throwing a soli light around. Tho night was unusually calm, and the sea seemed phosplierised by tiio myriads of fish which were darting about. Lieutenant Frcr.ch was looking, in a sleepy way, at the shaft b of greemeh light mat liic motion of the fish produced, when, happening to raite his eyeB to the tinted elilD, he was startled to see the gigantio figure that, had so frightened Corporal Ilef- iciniiri and his companions eight days before. It was undoubtedly the form of a man, but undeniably not material, for obicctB could be seen clearly through it. The tbrte officer? looked at it in bewildered wonderment, and each saw it distinctly, so that it could not be tho result of disordered imagination. Trench, though awestruck, wag not Super stitious, and, whispering to his companions, ile seized an oar, and pulled towards the chfi to obtain n better view. The figure re mained motionless aa they approached, and the lieutenant ivab able to see that along beard fell from its chin. The drcBs, as well I as he could judge, wan the same as that worn by the ordinary settlers, and the ghoEt did cot appear— if these outward signs might be depended on — to be that ol a convict. In fact, the appearance — with long, ap parently white, beard, and peculiar-looking clothing — might well have paesed as a gigantic Druid priest ; and the surrounding caveR and chasms and awe-striking precipices would have been a fitting dwelling-place for exponents of that most cruel and mysterious creed that was once the greet national reli gion of the Ancient Britons; and thecoloEBal | figure would have been a splendid specimen I of one of their higheet high priests in bis I robee of office. As the officers looked, with strained eyes, | the phantom gradually receded, and vanish -d as it had previously done. "There is Eome mystery here," spoke French, in a low voice. " I don't believe ill ghosts, yet that figure must be supernatural. I suppose we will be laughed at, the Fame bb ILlInruan and his fellows have been, when we itil what we have seen, but the three of us could not be mistaken, and I will make a full report of it to the superintendent ae eoon aB we land." " What can it be 7" asked one of his com- paiiioii?, with a. slilil fthiver. I5ver ttinco 1 1 came to this carped land I have been seeing and hearing enough to 7iiDke a rnftn'n blood run cold. IFe bad enough to be attcuding hangings and flogginga nearly every day, but thie supernatural mystery ia worse than ten years ui that work/' f4I think we ought to make for the settle ment," replied the third oHiccr. If we stay here, v»c may have a return of our unwelcome visitant-." This was readily agreed t-o, and within half-an-hcur they were admitted to the outer prieon -yard, where they eaw Corporal Hef- fernan on duty. Tney acquainted that personage of the incident that had befallen thern, and then the soldier broke the crave silene" with the following eage observa tion . 44 (jenllr-ccen, it'a a ghost, sure enocgh. It'e no ue saying there ain't no ecch things. I've hesrd the B malice cry myself, and my father (Gcd rest his soul) once taw a ghost in the churchyard of Malahide. It'll con tinue ro wander until it'H 4 Jaid,' or until tbe pccrtL it poseeBEts ie found out by eome mesas." " Laid/1 echoed French. u How can it be 4 laid ' F' 44 It s only a holy man that can do that Fame, sir," LEwered the corporal, Bentcn- tiousiy. The pi obability ol finding a " holy man " at Port Arthur was so very remote, that the lieutenant and lbs comrades, with a Blight smile on iheir Jips at the soldier's credulity, left bini tor their quarters, feeling that the shade would probably v&nder; for a long time, if liellernan'e panacea was the only one that would quieten the perturbed spirit, and yet the rnyntery wbb to be Bolved in & few days. il Laying the Phantom " will he the title of next week's Convict Chronicles. It. will con tinue the Btrange mystery of the 4 Ghost of Leadman's Isle," and will give some Btrange and etartlisg revelations ol a unique charac ter. 