Pnssy ln the Comer.. Cats areeubjeotAo . .most otthe diseases which affliot the human race, and willfreqdently 41 catch"a Jever from its sick mistress or little playmate. "When a cat seeks a dark comer, neglects hsrtcBet, and has a hot aoee, she is eick and, a trifling remedy now will prevent eome more serious disorder. A city oat should have raw meat once a day, in tbe morning. At nigh*, give her a hearty meal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in tbe place of milk. Always remember a cat will eat most anything, if it be warm and well moistened. Have milk or water where the can get it, and in a clean dish, for Mrs. PUSB is dainty, and will eoorh to drink dusi-covczcd milk or water as quickly as you would. A country cat, who has plenty of out-doors, should have meat twice a day, a pieoe as big as an egg ££ch time, an?, sat into moutbtuls. Kidney or liver is tfceir favorite, but too much of the latter or ofoj stars may cause diarrheas. They most havs grata and plenty of it; it is as necessary to them as Ealt is to us. It would pay in tbe city to raise grass and catnip in a box for these pets. Should si oat be attached with fits or con- Yulćiocs, throw over her a shawl or rag TO prevent damage to herself or furniture; a whiff of chloroform,ether, ammonia, or, lacking these, an ocion freshly cot, •will often give relief. Should che continue to cry piteously," with eyes wide open and glaring, protect tbe bauds with gloves, graep her firmly in the ahawl and with ashsippairol Beieeors snip th» end of t-be can; a few crops of blood will-be sufficient; let her stay in a cool, dark plan, and fir several<3 ay E feed sparingl with warm bread and im3k.. One of the most valuable remedies to cats and email doge is ewcet oil.' One half tabletpoohfcl in their milk isieldom refused. In cases were poisoning is puppect^d it is "tbe best and certainly the easiest remedy. For inflscned eyestpply a wash of warm milk or weak borax and water. A cat will catch cold:suetzs, and have sll the symptoms cf influenza; grease the epper part of her nofe and administer one-half teaspoonof castoria or balsam; if she fcas a sore throat wrap it with a Cancel wet with Arabian Bale&m; and keep her away from the children Cats with kittens should not be ronshly handled or frightened, or ahe will miaoarry or suffer during confinement. Da cot kill all her babies; leave her at least cue nntil such time as it can eat other food than its mother's milk. Should her kittens die and the mother suffer from swelled breasts, rub them with camphorated oil or even warm lard, and givs aconite and belladonna alternately. Some - people and doctors are ashamed to prescribe ior-cats, but there can be no loss ot dignity in such a humane aet. Passy will be a silent ghost gliding through the house, or she will be an intelligent, affectionate friend (not a el&vc; like a dog), according as Bheis neglected cr loved end cared for. I cannot cloEe without a protest against the cruelly of leaving a cat to ''get its own living"' while the bouse is closed during the eominer months. Give her shelter, and pay ths batcher and milkman to teed her, if there is no friend or home where ehe can be carried. 