Wesleyan Church, West Maitland, j \- i I WELCOME TO THE REV. J. E. CARRUTHERS, j In consequence ef the usual change of ministers which takes place in the Wesleyan Church, and of the resignation of the circuit by the Rev. Joseph Spence, the Rev. J. E. Carruthers was appointed by the Conference to West Maitland, and officiated for the first time on Sunday last. On Monday a tea and public meeting was held in the school hall as a welcome to the rev. gentleman to the new circuit. Tea was first served ia the hall, and the tables were afterwards removed and arrangements made for the public meeting. There was a large gathering. The Rev. 0. E. James, who has been temporarily in charge of the circuit since Mr. Speace left, opened the proceedings, after which Mr. R. A. Young, Mayor of West Maitland, was called to the chair. The meeting was opened with singing and prayer The choir of the church, under the leadership of Mr. J. E. Carter, led the singing, and also rendered very efficiently the anthems " Pilgrims of Zion,'' and " I will lift up my eyeB." The MAYOR on taking the chair read a letter received from the Rev. A. E. Anderson, who ex- pressed his thanks for the invitation Bent, but was afraid the pressure of work just now resting upon him would prevent his attending. Mr. Young then proceeded : He wished to relieve the meeting of again seeing him in the chair, but it was the wish of the officers of the church that he should preside. They were assembled there to welcome the Rev. J. E. Carruthers to the district of Maitland. Mr. Carruthers required no introduction at his lialius in a congre- gation of Methodists, His reputation had extended far and wide, and he considered the Methodists had secured a distinguished Methodist as the superin- tendent of their circuit, (Applause.) It was usual among Methodists at such a gathering to have an expression of opinion from their represen- tative men of the church as a wolcome to the new minister, and an approval of him as their new superintendent. He expressed his approval at seeing their old friend Mr. Benvie there, and referred to his first hearing Mr. Carruthers preach in the town of Narrabri 20 years ago, and to the evidences of age showing upon him. He would eall upon Mr. John Bowden, an old member of the circuit, who had been connected with Methodism for about 50 years, who was a representative of the trust, and an old and valued friend of the cause generally, to say a few words. Mr. JOHN BOWDEN, who was applauded, said he was happy to be there on the present occasion. He was very pleased that they had secured the services of their friend Mr. Carruthers, for he had a little to do with the affair himself. He had good reason to believe he would be a very suitable minister to be engaged in the Wesleyan cause in that circuit, and he trusted he would be successful. As they knew Methodism was a progressive system, and would not allow of indecision and standing still. He hoped they would be very successful in the future. They had not been so successful of late. It appeared to him that to be successful tbe minister must secure the assistance of the lay representatives of the church. He had had a long experience, having been connected for 60 years with ¿he church, and nearly the whole of the time engaged in an official capacity. When a minister was wise, and secured the assistance of the lay re- presentatives of the church he was almost sure to do good. He trusted that would be the case now. There was plenty to be done in tha town. There was sin and immorality, and drunkenness, and all that was bad in some places in the town, and it was very important that they should succeed in doing good, and of being the instrument in the bands of God of saving precious souls, and ad- vancing God's cause. He trusted the friends would rally round and assist the minister. (Hear, hear.) He was not so full of zeal himself owing to physical infirmity, but he would do what he could. He had been praying for Mr. Carruthers before he came. He believed in the efficacy of prayer, If they were to do good they must have the Divine Spirit. Another thing, he would like the young people to occupy his attention. He did not think there was another church where there were so many young men connected with Methodism. It would be a great place if something was done to direct them in doing something for Christ. He hoped their young friends would be benefitted. He prayed for and wished success, and felt an interest in the success of all the churches of the town. If they were doing good he cared not who they were. He had great pleasure in welcoming Mr. Carruthers to the town. He prayed that God would bless him and his colleague. He had been blessed since Mr. James came to the circuit. '(Applause). He trusted they would both be united and successful, and if they were they would be eure of seeing great good to the town. Mr, THOMAS RIBEE was also applauded on rising. Referring to his introduction he said he had always tried to keep a good character, as that would always stand by a man in any place he was. He was the junior circuit steward and he described the steps the district meeting had taken to secure the election of Mr. Carruthers on Mr. Spence leaving them. It was thought that Mr. Carruthers was the man to suit them both financially and as a minister. Mr. Carruthers had informed him that he had never left a circuit with a circuit debt. They would all be pleased when his time came to leave them that their circuit was out of debt. (Applause.) Their circuit fund had been out of debt, hu at present there was a debt en it. Their Chairman knew there was also a debt on the trust, perhaps Mr. Carruthers would also be able to remove that. (Laughter.) If he did that they would say he had done something good for the town of West Maitland. There was a lot to be done in the town of West Maitland. With regard to the young people: it was a difficult matter to get the young people to come to church On Sunday evening they would see groups of young people standing at the corners of the streets. He hoped something would be done for such not only by their church but by others. He welcomed Mr. Carruthers to the circuit, and hoped he would be blessed in his work, that he would have souls for his hire and seals for his calling. The Rev. C. E. JAMES first apologised for the absence of Mr. Brough, who had a prior en- gagement. He had very great pleasure in welcoming Mr. Carruthers, as it relieved him of a great weight of responsibility. He was also pleased to know that Mr. Carruthers was physically a strong man, as it would relieve him of coming so often there. In a humorous strain he referred to characteristies of the congregation, and of individuals, which he would be able to disclose to the new superintendent in private, when he (the speaker) was undergoing the discipline of superin- tendence. But he chiefly wished to speak for the rest of the circuit. He assured him that the people of Greta, Lochinvar, Branxton, and Oswald looked forward with considerable pleasure to his coming among them. They had as important interests at stake as the people there, and it was important for them that Mr. Carruthers was a man capable of work spiritually, mentally, and physically. There was an important future for the church, and no doubt they could look forward to improvement in every direction. He referred to the intentions of the Greta people in going to appeal to West Mait- land to help them build a parsonage. He was pleased to see Mr. Carruthers, hoped they would have a successful time, and that they would not fight. A great deal depended upon the ministers, both old and young. Mr. Spence was a dear friend of his, and he felt his leaving very much ; but they were bound by a silver cord, which connected them, though one went and another came, and as long as they had faith in God, d'd their duty, and were true to their grand principles, they would have nothing to fear. He hoped they would have as much pleasure during the years they were working together as he had in meeting Mr. Carruthers that night. The Rev. JAMES BENVIE (Presbyterian) was loudly applauded. He said he always endeavoured if he could to avoid night meetings, and he often succeeded, but somehow he felt that he must not avoid that one. (Applause.) It was difficult at times to know what to say on such an occasion. He was accustomed to take an outlook into the wide world, and was sometimes very disappointed and perplexed at seeing the number of principles at work in the world, in society, in the hearts, and in the intellects of men. He had no difficulty of knowing what would be the ultimate end, which would be that the world would be better and more beautifnl ¡ but he was convinced that it would be woree before it was better. There was in the Christian Church a vast amount of frivolity, which showed itself in the externals. He pointed out that externals may not be bad in themselves, but the excessive running after externals was an index not t>f good but of something that was not good He thought ministers should give anxious con- sideration to these things, and that their minds I ought to be more fixed on the great question of the work of the Spirit of God. He feared that truth was often almost forgotten. He was not now speaking of a denomination, but of the church as a whole. The reason for existence of the church was that souls may be converted, that the world be gained from sin, and that men become members of the kingdom of Christ. By giving their attention to externalism it was evident that there was not that measure of thought of the Spirit of God impressed on the Church that there should be; there was not that amount of conversion that there ought to be ; there was not that consecration to love God and to serve God.that there ought to be. There was a deadness. With reference to any surprise at his presence there that night, he pointed out that though they called themselves Wesleyans he considered they were good Presbyterians, and there were many good Calvin ists amongst them, though they might not acknowledge it. (Laughter.) Now, with regard to themselves and their minister, he would say that a minister was just what the people made him, and a congregation was just what the minister made it : the one acted and reacted on the other. The ideal Christian Church or community, was one in which every member co-operated with every other in the work of God. The minister and the people were one compact body with the object of seeking the salvation »f souls, the glory of God, and the conversion of men. He urged upon them the duty of co-operating with their minister and of praying for him. If they did that he would be a blessing to them and to the community. He was of opinion that in the future there would be »oro Unity among the churches ; that the evil forces he had referred to would even compel them to become more united. He pointed out the feeling there was at the present time to become more united among the churches outside the Episcopal churches, and pointed out reasons why they Bhould be united. He compared the Christian Churches of thp present day to the disciples toiling on the Sea of Galilee, toiling all night, and catching nothing, who not.till the Lord appeared among them did they get the reward of their night's work in a large net full of fish. He felt to a great extent that the Lord was absent from his church now, and that the denominations were toiling with very little result compared with the machinery employed, but that when the Lord appeared and said " Have ye here any meat," there will be a mighty ingather- ing of souls from the sea of the world. He knew that would be the right result. Then they would forget their little differences. It would be very much like a number of little pools on the sea shore when the sea was down. There were a few fish swimming here and there in each ; bnt when the tide of the Spirit of God came up, it would cover them all and make them all one. That was what they needed, and that he believed they would get (Applause.) The Rev. J. H. CARRUTHERS was loudly applauded on rising. He said he was sure he was exceedingly obliged for the very hearty welcome to him, and his dear wife and family, on their making their entrance among them. He was exceedingly pleased to see the Chairman occupying that position. He had often heard of him, and he thought he had met him before. It was 22 or 23 years since he had met him in Narrabii. He was exceedingly thankful also to the office-bearers of the church, who had spoken of him such kind things. There was only one thing he would say. He thought he would fall short of the expsctations raised of him, and it was very questionable policy in promising too much, because if he did not come up to expectations there was the danger of falling as low as the expectations had been raised high. However, here he was. They had sent for him, he believed in the Providence of God. When he received their kind invitation he had three others-those of Cleveland-street-a city church, that of his dear old circuit Kiama, and Wollongong had honored him in a similar way. When their invitation came, he was con- vinced that was the sphere for him. He had sought the guidance of God, as they had done, and now he trusted he was there not only with the approval of the Conference, but of that of the Great Head of the Church. He felt quite at home. He was not exactly a stranger to Maitland. When he was a braw stripling, 23 years ago, he was sent to the Narrabri district, then a remote wilderness. Then he was honored by being appointed to a neighbouring church ; and more than that, if not in Maitland, it was in that district that he got his wife. When he remembered the distinguished men who had preceded him-when he first visited that circuit the Rev. Benjamin Chapman was the superintendent, and assisting him was Mr. Arthur Rutledge, the late Attorney-General of Queens- land ; and then the succession of ablernen till now some of the ablest, grandest, most devoted and successful men connected with the New South Wales and Queensland Conference-he felt it was no small honor for him to be offered, and no slight responsibility for him to accept such a historic and important a aircuit. It was a mother circuit, a fruitful vine from which had gone out men and women and founded churches on the nor- thern rivers and the northern tableland. Then he must express his gratitude for the wise sayings and suggestions spoken to thj,s Presbyterian congrega- tion by their Wesleyan brother, Mr. Benvie. (Laughter,). Was he not a good Methodist ? Did they ever listen to a more methodical speech ? It had the real Methodist ring about it. They used to say in Deniliquin that he and the Presbyterian minister should change places. However, he was very glad to welcome him (Mr. Benvie) as a Methodist to that Presbyterian platform. (Laugh- ter.) And he would be very glad to go as the representative of that branch of the Presbyterian church to their great branch of the Methodist church. With reference to what Mr. Ribee had said, what he (Mr. Carruthers) said was that he never left a circuit debt. It did not follow that all debt would be ex- tinguished. He trusted they would have a fair degree of prosperity in that respect. To have that they must have mutual confidence and co-operation. He asked them to pray with him, and to bear with him in his nervousness and bashfulness, and in the many mistakes he might make during the first few months, and possibly a little longer ; till he felt his footing, and had grown into their sympathy, confi- dence, and affection-into their very life. If they prayed for him and assisted him, the Lord would bless them, and they would have a real good time together. He was glad of what had been said about the young. He realised the importance of being in thorough accord with young people. He recog- nised their value to the church, and more than that, he recognised the great value of personal religion to them. If they could win them for the church and for Christ, they would secure their hearty assistance and co-operation, and it would be a blessing to them and they wouldbe a blessing to their church. Three characteristics would with God's help be the characteristics of his life and ministry there, and taking apt alliteration's artful aid in the business, they were these-sympathy, sociality, spirituality. He wanted there to be a life of sympathy between them. When leaving the Ryde circuit nothing had touched him more than the receiving a letter from a poor woman in a remote part of the circuit, ex- pressing her feelings towards him, because he had sympathised with her and given her a little assist- ance in the time of her great trouble and distress : One touch of nature makes the whole world "kin. He wanted the sympathy to be mutual. He did not aBk for theirs to be given him, and ho to give none of his to them, or to give his to them and to receive none in return. He hoped they would sympathise one with another. He would try to sympathise with them in the struggles and difficulties of life and would try to help them ; and he hoped they would sympathise with the difficulties their minister had to contend with, and to make allowances for them. Let there be that mutual sympathy between them. Carlyle, he thought it was, who said the Gospel of the 19th century was " Do it, and keep on doing it." The one idea was that thoy should all unite in the work of the church. They should set themselves to work and tiy to utilise all the unused talent among thom. To see what work was to be done, who was fitted to do it, and go to work and get it done. Then they should let their work be distinguished by sociality. The question of the day was the discussion of the relation of the masses to the churches. The social question was the great question of the day. The church must confront it ; they must see that they as a Christian body had an influence on the con- dition of the town. That was a grand saying of a heathen philosopher : "lama man, and whatever is of interest to humanity is of interest to me." He intended to enter into the public life of the town-(applause)-in every way he could and as opportunity was given. He would as far as he could use all the influence and effort in the ameliora- tion of distress end the improvement of society and the moral condition of the neighbourhood. Above all let their work bo distinguished by spirituality. It waB of supreme importance the improvement of ' the soul. True Methodism raised no monument where they raised no souls. The church would die out where no souls were horn. The very object of the church was the conversion of souls, the rairing of men for Jesus, that numbers be saved from sin to Christ and the redeeming of the world to God. Let them believe in the Holy Ghost. They quote it in the creed. Let them believe in it truly ; that He was present in their midst, in the Word, in the agencies of the church, and that He was there to do work. Richard Green said in the British Con- ference that the Gospel was a Gospel of consecrated conversion, then it was a Gospel of Christian brotherhood ; then it was a Gospel of the highest excellence of character of personal religious service. If those were true characteristics of the Christian church let them have them in their church. If they had consecrated conversion there everyone would get the right Gospel. Then if they had Christian fellowship they would not have com- plaints of classes neglected, their fellowship meet- ings going down, and the prayer meetings forsaken. If they had the Gospel of highest excellence of character, it would sanctify their hearts and lives, and they would show it in their lives and the town would be advanced for Jesus Christ. Ho heartily thanked them for their kind welcome and for the kind' words expressed there, and would close by asking them to take for the motto of their church : "All at it, and always at it." He had been told there was a good deal to be done. Let them set them- selves to it, determined to do it, and the work would be accomplished. He depended upon their continual sympathy, their earnest prayers, and their hearty co-operation, and he pledged himself in God's sight to do all in his power for the happi neBB and prosperity of the church, that it may be the means of bliss to all who come within it, and to all in the town. May God grant it. (Applause.) The Rev. W. HILL added his congratulations and hearty welcome, and gave a number of his experi- ences of the trials of a minister, especially of a young one. A vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who had provided the tea, the choir, and the chairman, on ¿he motion of Mr. H. BLAIR, seconded by Mr. W. R. SULLIVAN ; and the proceedings closed with the doxology and the benediction. 