? NOVELIST, The Van Rensselaer Ghost. jlY i:M,K» V. TAIiDOT. It wan willi i.nlljinillonB ol pleasure that ray (ricnii, llipui Davison complied with -oui-(j V/mur'H invitation to (fiend New Yc'ar'n nt his country Bent. Winter lit a but lately beta mairicd, and woo indulging a wbiui (or .B[.ui(tliiR tlio holiuayu in. tho onunlry, lit nn old mansion ho bad lately purchased on the Sound. Tho novelty of the thing \tcf, inlteelt, ngnfiil.'o, and Jhiro -vo« euro to bo mtiiu: whoea leading nloiio nan mough to lilillalo tho palatal nnd though lluncttwns bv no rooana u gourmand, bo mis no more indllT-'mut lo lite charma of quail un toast and dovillcd lobster then on. other mail. Mra. Winter was u ptoity woman, imd n tlrliph tttil boBtcEs, anil, In eborl, uiy iriend felt euro tbntbiu vii-lt would prove one at tli3 roost delightful incliicnlo of thu snowbound uoncon. It ivna, therefore, with a blithe, heart that ha Hopped frum thu ear upon Dm Aster station, nnd inijuiruil tho way to Mr. Oharles Winter's bourc. , ? ' It's a good thrco inilcu from horo,' caid tt tnau in an old arsy avcrooat. ' You'll bettor step into my Bloigh, and I'll talio you out tor a quarter ; Bcoms etrango thoy didn't meet you, it you woro expected,' ha added, with tha free curinnity peculiar to men of bis . cIobo in New England. 'Perhaps they didn't know your train,' oontinuod the : coaebmar, when liuport and hlo portmanteau wero Bafo in tha elcigb. ' It may be you that Bent this telegram I nm taking to them now,. Itoamo a couple of hours ngo,but the Btntlon master, teeing no one was dead, and tho roads so bad, thought ha would wait nwlillo until somo one wcagainK that way.' Ilupert could not avoU smiling, but his thoughts wore diverted by tha wido czpanio of snowy fields through wliich they wero pas Bin); ; tho villfiRQ lay to tho right, nnd in this direction was hero nnd there only a lonely farmhouse, surrounded by its unpointed outbuildings and loaded with a weight of ?now that teemed nlmost to bury it. No signs of life wpro visihlo, save a light in the Ubi window ol tho homestead, nnd poisibly n will wrapped and mittciied man' pushing ?his way through the snow to his barn, 'I wonder, Winter purchased in such a lonely spot,' broke from ltupcrt at last. 'It ia not eo dreary in summer,' au su'cred tho driver, Inkin.' tho observation .an oddrteitd to bhmtlt. ? T iin is a beautiful drive then, and Mr. \Yin!er has plenty of liorics ; ho'd no call to stuy hero but when it is pleasant, and no tool knows whnt ho wants to bo coming now for. It's 8 6rnm] bouse, though.' Bupcrt, asking a few question*, clioited the knowledge, that tha house hud been owned by nn old Scotch family as a home* utead tor fifty years, but ns tha older mom bcrB of the group paesed away nono of tha younger cared to live on tho property, anil it had been sold, ? The man, however, dropped hints that there had been other reasons for disposing of it ; what theGeworclluport could not dellnitoly diiouver. , ' There it etands,' said tha driver, point ing with his whip at a large, square house that must, in summer, have been nearly hidden by the foliaga of the encircling chest nut trees. ?'. You aeo that a number ot new Intliioncd houses hnvo been built ucar It by other city swells, making it look like the grnnduiothor of tha lot.' Tho large gate Btnod open, nnd tha uloigb Jlnitled merrily up to tho door. At tho Bound ?if tho' bells ilia Utter was opened wide, throwing a blase of light over tha snow, and permitting a younp man tc spring into tbo (rmtv air nnd solas Ituport by tho hand. ' Unlookcd for but always welcome,' oried ClmrlcB Winter, 'though I did oxpect you earlier this evening, and only gave you Dp on recuiving no mesengo.' ltupert referred Sir. Winter to the tolo graui which tbo driver produced, and tho two yuunpi men entered tho watm, bright hall of thu home ; hero Iiupert was rcoelrcd by Mm. Winter, appearing more than over of desirable piettinees. ' ? I am glad you did not wait until a still Inter train,' she said, playfully, 'for it is New Year's Eve, the time for all eerie things to bo abroad; and though I have brought you into the very home ot a ghost, 1 would not wish you to be spirited stray on the road by one.' ?' Are there ghosts in New England f' said ltupert. ' In Now England I Tbo rery haunt ol IjhosHI I, think the old Puritans, finding huw muou'lhey lOBt which they might have had on earth, come clipping around now to boo what thoy can get.' 'And have you a (.'host here?' asked ltupert. '? H'ab t' said Mrs, Winter, with raised finger, '? If there is one, perhaps you may ' 1 forfontly hope so,' replied Ituport, as ija burried to make ready for the waiting roe»l. , ? ,, Ho waa not disappointed in tho mental re view bo had tuken ol tbe cccsti ho would y~ meet;' there wero two other men beside bis -iost and himsolt, tho elder of whom was a r. jneral Gordon, and an eld Southern uncle p( Mra. Winter, on a business visit to the Wcrth.im iraeoililo old follow who inveter »tely dittared with overybody, and yet one of _? Olio moat klnd'heartcd men living. Thaother was a man of forty or more, a eon of tha netting i;od of day, being a grain merehiint ?joui Missouri} bo bud all tho frankness generally aeorilied to those of tho West as (lar u bis inannor went, but ha also oon .coalod under bis appoarauco.his own Individ (inlity. -.-.,.. there wu not wanting tha aouolenancd of {air dames, cither. Alro. Winter was sustained by tho innocent, school-girlish daughter of ' General Gordon, and another friend, a Miss Alice Ellnlor. Tho table was bc! in a lorn?, low room, wainscoted with oak to tbo ceiling ; a fire roaui in the doep chimnoyplace, and east dancing shadows on tlio walla ot tlio tall, dllvv-Iooled inihoRany furnlturu ; the table «u hi with oandlid ia heavy silver oandlu atieks, tho nlr of the wholo bciui! such that fSu(K'ft has 'dill bo folt trauspurlcd into one nl the rare old iutoriora of Irving or Haw 'Is not my furnltu.ro charmingly fitted to the houte?' isksd Mrj. Winter, A3 tha , h -.?'. ?????.! !»?'-..? . ? - .-:? '.-.- )| ???? t-rr. \ ? ' dcKcrt wnn brought on, anil all w;ro beginning tu fed iifiilal mill tulliRliValy die. jjonil. ' It wiiulcl hnvu been shumolul to Imvo ono ut thuso uld looms nuaiiB'! I' -h« mudorii way, nnd mem fuitiiuntuly the Vun Ilcnii.ir.lniirii lot wo tnko all the furniture With I he house,' ' Tho filioit thrown In t' imialrotl Uapert. ' Ono wnulil Imvii ilionnht ttiay lu«l oliosen to puok It up and carry it away with them ; «? Illiont ionrnro tlilnii to hnvo in a tnrnily— ijullo n iHntiiifiulnlied mmli, I nbnll l-o tuniptedtti adopt it for my own if I con Unit ' Yoii might ns well otual my dinmondj,' ?inld tlio Inily, 'I would put you under nrii'at jtiHt no booh,' ' Wbntis tlni Mtry of tho ghost Cousin ElUo7'i-sl.cd Edith aordon. 'My iloar ohIW 1 Do yen won I mo to tell you a nhn«t Mury nt tbo dinner tnblol' tirltd Mrs, Winter. 'No, I shall Itjl you whun you nnd Alice couio into'roy dnanlng room the last thin); nt night, arid t!iu uiiillu men ato utill duelling nlid liill.-ir.,: down ntair's I thcu, like '.Maud' am) * M.idi;u,' wu will tit and comb our beautiful hr.ir,1 nod like rnlutq ono dee, ' toll Btrungo e^oriau nl thu denths of kingi'.' I iusint uponUill tba cur ruundliiEa.' . ..»''.?. ' And nro wo poor men only* to torin our ghoBtn out ol tho Ktnulio of cur clpara?' unld llupr-rt. ' I fear I sitall ho a kotholo lietoner.' 'I elroll leave Ohni'.eo to UU you tha story,' replied tho hobtees, gUncini! at her huebanil, who nppoarad singularly gravu, ' I rtnlly think hu moio tlim hull believcu in it,' ??' . ' l'oob — uonocnio — ghoato I' rnM tlio Uliolo. ' Then it is not truo ?' Rniii Edith Gordon. ? , ' You shall hear and judgo fur ycurecli coutin i I Mlovo tlio fnctjot tbe laily'u life, before nhe bcaamo a ijlinst, can ha vouched for. I cipect to huvn jou and Alioa litluning with ounona uttentiou to niijlit to her ro tiiBDtij ftory.' ' I Miinol piomieo for tho ouriotity of one,' (jhlil Min.i Klloler, in a full, musical vuIcd, X'ho tula will tut bc a cow one to Thu lojuil ot her voice ilrew Huncrt'd at tention tu Alic,!, nhomlin In,! ;,?- Jiy no'.icul btfore, aa i'hu wt (urthu i i.r, j i ri »t tim table t orjfii* drawn, kti :? ?'? t *.i.' -r- ix iaa/(* notiam'thiU'tionatraiuiil i.;.1 u, n, nrd her evury movciuent, and w^it. i,je cv i y word ahe miliht utter iu that riuh vimw. I!.! lir.s con fcMud tiict it is dillicuJt n- dcceiibs Ilia peculiar charm that MIhs Elhl r exeieiscd over him, although he alleges that her licauly v/aa of an unootlimon liintl ; u faoa pnlo nnd cxrjuieitivtly out, as though in iviij, lighted by tha i;lo\v of her dark eves, nnd chnded by tin night of her eilken Imir ; b well rounded furm and a bund and arm Ibo moat perleot ho had over teen, liar dress cf white India poDgco added to .her Btntuesque appearance and to ltnport's Inu cinatiou, tor bo bad dvor contended that white ma the ono robing iu which beauty rculieod his ideal. His eyoa, gathering every detail, took in also a anrioua emerald locket that oit otf her wbito throat. To my riper oxperienco tbero was little mystoriouB in tbo attention of nn ardent young fellow, like my friend being fixed on Buch a oteature, though ho insists tbal tbero was a dopth.of spirit and power about hex tbnt attracted beyond her tanuty. He that as it may, Bupcrt fell Instantly fathoms deep in love with Alice Ellilar, which set his lload so in n whirl that ho could with difliculty at tend to anything else.- ' - ' Why, Alice, where havo yon heard ot my ghost 1' inquired Hri. Winter. ' I did not know that you bad boen in this part ol tho country before.' ' . ' 'I have not,' caid Alice, ElUler j ' bui, although I am unacquainted with my cousins, my mother was a-.'sister of tlit last V»n licnMclaer that lived in thin house.' A slight ezclnmaticn escaped Hiinillon, 4ho fiueat from Mlseouti, ohich liolDethntly controlled ; but ltuport observed that bo Blto bad died bis regards on the yotinR lady, onil was conscious of nn ugly feeling that flcoircd to oommaud the olinngo ot his gaze to -oma less Fnurcd quarter. : 'Tbi3i3interostinga!»vo all tbiog*,' said her hostess, with. a sparkling faca, 'As tbo ghost is tlio daughter of the old genthman, surely she will appear to you I would ap pear to Edith, hero, wore I n ghost- Tbo lady hn3 been most uneooial with mo, hat 1 have pet my heart on -her appearing to dome ono to-night, and now eomn ono in lier/ with whom nlio is connected, elio must U rind. You will not bo afraid?' 'Not of that poorgitl,' enid Aliao, tmlf smiling, a taint Binila like inoonliflix on ' 01 coursa not 1' exclaimed tbo uncle. 'Who would?' 11 1 think that I Bbould if I oat? ll«r,' nbitpered Kditb, Mrs. Winter linked her hand in her I'm. band's arm as they rose from tho table. ' Why do yon look sn serious, Oharlci I' she said playfully. ' Havo I di«ple»sed rou with all this frivolous talk nlirmk ghosts t' 'Not ozactly that, love,' imiil WinttH'; ' but tha blBtory ot that poor young lady scoma to mo too -ad and truo to turn into u Jest.' ' Oh, my door Charles,' said bin vthV ''I would not laugh at that part of it tor world* t but a little harmless nonscnia nbout a yhcH you will surely not deny mo. 1 uliuil positively be jooioua of tho tanolnatinfl ohadn, if you object nud fear you have uecret meet inpn.' She looked with pretty wilfuluoss intii Winter's taoe, but floated nw:iy to the pinnu where her sweet voice |;ava a turn to tbe thoughts ot the company. The following three hoars wero tlio moat delightful ltupert had ever opent. He ob tained tho Beat next Alice in the old ouimnoy cornor, mid I know lb« boy' well cnoiich to bo euro that as tbo ovoninK cow he preneed oloser aud closer to her side. Hi» lips spoko on but ordinary Bubjecta, but eyus --nn be moiQ eloquent than lips, and if over cyotf uttered a declaration of love they wero tlione ot my friend. Miss Kllslcr'a wero fastened on tbe flames, nnd hidden by the thick lashes. She uMmn raised them to lot any nl tlir.Hu prcncut read their story, though ltuptrt would havo given n year of his lifts to Imye had a pquoro look at them. She sat nearly ns motion, less ns an alabaster statue, save for the low mueio of her replies ; onco ot twica a faint color roBO to her ohcuka, nu toward tho ond of tho evening tho lono in whioh my friend uttered his comruunplaeoH heoamo Btill more tender ; but It jni^bt bavn boon only the flickering ot. tbo JJru, and Rupert, .when tho Indies Enid gooil nhjht, felt nil tho despair for her coldnnaa, and all- the read!, ncsu to translato trite' Ilita hope that be comes a model lover; and in spito at her downeiist r,yc:-,it is probablo that Mi.-i Mici reaillly intcrprotcd tho language of his, for women seo more with their lids shut than men do through spectacles. Although tho aompany bad watched tho death ot the old year nnd the birth ot tho new, Mr». Winter dcolarsrl thnt eho Intended keeping tho ludicn n while longer from sleep with the ghost story she and ilico would toll Ediih. ' I think wn'd batter nit in your room, Alice,' she aaiil, 'then you will not have to go dawn tho stairs Iat3 at nlgbt, ns yoa woulil if you caina up with me. I hopo you don't objuo1. to sleeping on tho flral floor j I have nn qnost- room hut Klilh'a npstaira in whloh i\ firo onn bo built.' Miss ElMor answered that she did not on. ject at nil, nnd the lniiicn piissod from the room, Piumilton springing to trpen the dcor tor them, and take one more lone', ouriouo look nt Alfeo Ellslcr. Her cool ghrjco had been tho one thing that hail made dieourd in lljport'ii evening, nnd when Hamilton lirlil Alioa'a hand for n long noni-nt an Ira uieTu her, farewell, aud nlio colorod under bin Ho.irnhic.;! eyes an the had tint dona under tnosa of inv friend, thu youth telt all the unriT,Boninn,j-;nloii?v that **l mtvti to tbooatc. In Uutli, llupert nu (-uly dooiroim ul liiiillng Bomcthlnt; nliuut wliioli hu tii|;ht qmurul with tlm WcHternur. ' A lovely wotenn,' launrlice! Hamilton, reluming lo liln -ant nud lighting % algitr. m Ho~so g want) cuior,' nnld tha unole, » You will ho apt to recoitniso her fooo when you oeo it agiin,' said Ilupert, pasoing over tlio goneral'u romnrk and addressing tho younger mun, Hamilton ulireil a moment «n-i Iliou laughed. 'What do you moan, ilrt' ilomandoil Ilupert, 11 Nothing ntnll,' ' Sir, I will not bo answered thus I' oald ltu| crt, furiously, forgattiiig, In his utrnri[(o pnnsion, the litws of common courtcny, .'(Jomo.DivlBQn.'Mntorferoi1 Wlntor, tak ing bis arm, ' Hamilton ban assuredly done nuiliinn in cull forth this heat) there Is a inisluU ; let Uri forget It and bo friendly lot 'Tuilil oiinrlos, let them have it out,' said Ihei uncle. 'Nut nt all,' caid Hamillcn, good, humorcd'.y. 'Mr. lUvleon is ready lo be liicnila with me, I am Biiro.' Ilupert, still BlranKely unllko -himself, muttered a sulky nnaont. ? ' Hum is eomolhlmt you will bo Interested in, gentlenen,' or.ld Winter, turning the sub ject, and ho dlnplaytd n quaint locket Bet \- v 1 1 1 1 cine.rnldB— the name Ilupert had noticed during the C7cnln|i r.s sparkling at tho throat of Alice Ullslcr. ' My wifo hnnded thiB to mo, with Miss Kllelcr's ooneent to exhibit tho miniaturo within. It was left her as n ieiinoy, hy hcriinoii!, and oontoino a portrait' ot tho unfottumitr, girl of whom you Imvo henrd ro much thin nvoninrf,' While Bpcaklng Winter handed tho orna ment to the others and they examined it in turn ' It lookc like this girl hcrecll,' said tho 'It docs utronf.'l7 reffenililo her,' roplled Winter, -? yet it wants l)w lirmneec of cbnr iitur that Mies -Mica nhov.ii. Htiroismnro of coquetry nnd childish peee.' iliifwrt fiiid nntiiing ; hu could have fazed on f-ruver, i; via; bo like Alice, but tbe Wnaturncr was wailinj: to tako It. Iln r.l«o cazod n Ion3 timr.. but asked, irrolo. v/inllj- .- ' Winter, how did you ohnnco to purohato thla oiit- ot-tho-way plnoe ? I had no idea, whon I Ktnrtcd with you, that you wore t»k inir mo Be) »nr »i:t ol tbo world. I thought yciu probably lived In tha village ot ' It wns a whim of my v.ifo'u,' replied Winter. 'Arc you nciiuaiult'd with this rcKiou, Unmilton!' '1 unco knew a littlo of the country about here,' roplicd Hamilton, after a mo miiiil. ' Come, Winter,' said Ilupert, 'aro wo nol at lust to hcttr this story to which bo many alluBiona have been made ? ThiB is tho hour for Biioh a tale, and I begin to believo in it Bines I have Been thin lace. I hopo sue will honor mo with a glimpso ot her lovely features.' 'Which you will assuredly recognise,' eaid Hamilton, dryly, for Ilupert bad again po9f.cBsed'bimcolf of tha locket, and was poring over tba miniature. My friend nearly dropped tho bauble, and an niiRty II119I1 orosacd his face. ' The roaemblauco is certainly striking,' drawled Hamilton, ' between—' 'Bir,' said llunctt, balf.rising, ' I inBlat upon an explanation of—' ' I am willing to tell you all 1 know of tho dory,' interrupted Winter, as if tha alter catbu was not going on,' but, nt tho same time, rjontly pushing Ilupert back into bis teat, 'i'iiitlet us throw on another log, and Fjoucral, si: nearer :to the lire. Tho ro latioa will not take long, and 110 ono need faelievo tha part concerning tbe ghostly visits.' *'Ioba'n't,'.enid tlieuholo. ' . . .' 'You may Bleep through that part, 'said hid host. With apparent carelessness ha drew Ilia cbair between ltupert and Hamilton, and commenced hid narration. ' The last Van lSonsjclucr that lived,' said Winter, 'was not renmrknbla in nny par ticular way except lor his Inrgo family. Ho had throe sons nnd seven daughters born to him, and tho young womon being tnorn tlinn ordinarily lair, wero known throughout tho region as tha ' Seven Bisters,' so callod in roferunco to the seven bright ttarn in the 1'leiadee.' 'There aro but nix now,' »aid tho unole. 'This bright band dimininhcil still more rapidly,' (aid Winter. 'The eldest, the mother of MUa Alice, married and beoame almost dicconmotid with her fimll.v by going to dwell uith ber husband in England ; a fever reourgo tbr.t ravaged this region visited thrco ot the remaining tistcre, two of whom novor roee from their bcdB again, the one. that recovered being the Ibdy of the miniaturn, nod tbo youngcat ot tho family. Old Van ltimmdner wnn nearly crazed by the EUilden gap in his fireside circle, and the whole county mourned with him, for it is not to bo Buppuied that the light from such a ootutellntion had been hidden, even it ohining from this retired epot. With anxious tenderness did the old man guard the three daughters yet remaining, and tbe whole family united in bestowing especial oare on the youngest, lest tba lever might have left her frailer than tbo rest. 'Slio had always bean tho favorite with her father, nor mother dying soon after ber birth, and eho budded into womanhood amid such foateriu^ care that the breath et the eummer wind was hardly known to her, Aa tho time rollod on Van llensEclaor grew reconoiled io hin sorrows, and let tbo silver voices of bla last three girla comfort him. Grace, tbe lady whoen picture we hare sseu, was as wilful and spoiled as might have been expected, but her naturally sweat and childivh disposition, aa well aa her intensity in affection, rained her friends to regard her im perious waya na an added charm. Her family gave way bofore her alwny», and delighted in her tyranny. She was, per baps, tbo lovelier ! of all, but tho sitters ro Doubled caub otbor eo closely that often in the evening, when they gathered hero nbout the hearth, Van Iteno3clr.cr, musing in their mid.it, bardly knew as their light forum Uittcd past him whether they were thoeo of bis lost or living darlings,' ' The man must tavo been a fool,' said the nnclc, 'Tho striking resemblance In each other ir. a trait of tho family,' aaid Winter. '-'You perceive Sliss Alice baa' noVcseajrad it. Hut tu rceuine : you may iniagluo lovers were not wanting in this homo in 'those days— fifteen yenw aj;u, it is no longer than that— but 0 race danced over nil tbclr hearts nnd finally pcraumlcd her father that this coun try homo was not enough to content young women for ever, and that n winter In town wn'j necessary for herar.lt aud her sinters. The old gentleman reluctantly consented; be bad 11 strange presentiment about letting his rbup litiTB leave tho Bhclter of their child hood's home, but beauty, as usual, wheedled and caminerod and Mus Grnoo and her sisters enjoyed the height of metropolitan gaieties for a tow montliB, driving their fathnr nearly into Ilia dotage by their incea Bant round ot ball) and operas; for be in sinteil on aooampanying thorn wborever they went. ' Right glad was he, at tho first breath ot spring, to gather them into tho old homo ; but tumor whispered that ho could not keep his nest eo lull much longer and that one ot bis bitds was milking ready to nsa her wingn. In fact, though no country lover had been sblo td catoh Mi'.i these, tun rrlld littlo benuty had been Inmsd by soaircBO in tho great c.Hy and came back to her home unly to fill it with preparation* tor \Thi;j eaiin and nodding m'nc, that flliJ might It'-ivo it 'Them wn» nothinr, too precious 0: too costly for Grtica ct thi« period, and howevet the comlni; jiatllni,' might rend tbo beotts ot tho family, they could not but bo glad in the JavmiNiiutH thntnvallowcd in the bride to bo | with u heart eminently formed for loving, tills now nfTooiion accmed also (0 deepen tho old, nnd uho hung ubout them all with a thousand aaroascB thnt doubly ondearcd her, Tba daya in which Bho Boomed fairly unable to aontaln her brtpplnaas were thoae in wbloh Bho received tho lettoia from her lover 1 he was not otlcn, it over, Able to visit her, but Ilia inlsaivus woro regularly Bont, the teal printed, I suppose, with clasusd linndo, or a doer, or some eucb other faithful device, 11 At last tho bridal day arrived ; Ibo early morning was to bring tbo lover ,? tbs wed ding dresB was spread out in readiness, white and glistening as a snowy bank, every stltoli in tho finery having been Bet by tbs (Istsra of tbo brldo, Tbo early boura (iaBsod and the bridegroom did not oomo; noon struck, and Btill ho bad not arrived ; tho wedding would not tako plnoo till sun down, and some aocldoDt might have mado him late; but ns tbo afternoon dragged away without tho appoaranco ol ibo lover, a vnnuo forboding struck tho honrto ot the family. II Van Konaiolaor bad ooatod bimsolf in his old obair — your seat, oolonel— and fallen into musings of which hit clenching hand and fiery eye told something ; the two older daughters, Bcatcd near him, whispered together, nnd oast anxious looko into tho front room, whore Qraoe bung at tho window. ' 'Let us drees her, Florcnco,' whiRpercd Ethel, tho Bister next the youngest. ' It will divert her mind nud tho guests will soon bo bero now. Wo will make the robing a long p.'occeo, and bo tide her tho bolter over this Buspenso boforo ho conies.' '?Let her. alone I' interrupted old Tan lUnBsolacr, loudly. ' Do not think to trick her in tboao -wretched gew-gewa now, if over.' 'His daughters shrank into frightened alienee, and a moment later a macaco was brought to tho uld gentleman, lla toro it open, and then dashed it under h!a feet. ' ' Curao him 1' bo exclaimed in a tcrriblo voice. ? Quick I shut the door, and let uu tliink how. we can tell that poor young tbiou that he is falao to ber I1 ' His precautions wero too late ; hia loco had boon louder that bo knew ; u loud Bhrlck atruok their eara, and ruvhloginfo tlio other room, thoy bow draco fall heavily to tho lloor.' 'Why didn't ho comol' inquired tho unole, prosalonlly. ' He wrote,' eniel Winter, ' that a now butlnesa opening called him distant for an incalculable lime; that it wob impossible tor a lady lo accompany biro, nnd that on big time of return was bo uncertain, it would be unwise to leave a young bride behind wist fully awaiting him. He said it would be wrong, also, to Grace and her own family, and added that ho would not hold tho girl bound.' 'What dastardly coldneBal' cried Ru pert. 'An nnexpeolcd gate into fort uno waa placed before him,' said Winter,' ' and tbo temptation proved too great.' ' Well, well I' said the unols. ' I suppose ho reasoned that girls were us plenty ns blackberries in July, and fortunes as eenren aa cherries in December ; but give him all tho graco you may, be should have managed not to break a young thing's heart. Did be malm bis fortune 1' ' I novor heard,' answerod Winter. ' I know nothing more about him, not oven bis namo ; the family ucver mentioned him again.' ' Whnt a grim time thoy must have bad sending back tbo gueBtn, feeding tho wedding cako to the pigs and burning tho brido's drena,' exclairuod the uncle. - ' 1 do not know what became, ol the wed ding drCBO,' Buid Winter; 'but tho dress was not burned (ben, at all events ; it was loft an it was, rtproud out in tho great spare chamber,, and quito forgotten, whilo poor. Graco was carried to her room unconscious. So fur it is an old story; we often read ro mances founded on a faluo bridegroom ; but Ibis cndB differently from any 1 Imvo heard before. Graco lay in thiB insensible condi tion until tbe next day at M!i|thl, then elio woke and aaked naturally what time it was, aud when told, murmured that it was strange that her lover wnq so Into, Klorenco, who wan with her, triu'd to sooths her to sleep, but Bho was realises, and insisted upon get-' ting up, and, as usual, b:ookcd no restraint, paying, * It is timo to dress.' 'Shu only partially droned, honnver, motioning awny the bluo houao dress nlio was in tho habit of wearing, and looking im patiently arennd, bor sister did not know for t«bat ; but ns Oraoo was Boon quisled, Florcnco wrapped a Bhawl about her sister and let! ber half dreaming in a great ohnir, while aho went to toll tbo otherB ot the change. ' Sho was detained a few moments, and on her roturn Oracn waa not in tho room, nor was sho to bo found in tho hoaie. The poor girl, rousing again, and with tbe idea that the twilight wnrned bor to bo dressed for ber bridal, hud found her wedding clothes and arrayed herself in them oven to the voil and to taking tbe bouquet which waa withering in a vauo. Then, with the thought struggling in her misty brain that something was wrong with her lovcr'x delay, ahe left tbe houso, un. observed, to seek for him, and wna found, near midnight, wandering in tho damn flcldF. ' The end can easily he told; tho exposure brought on n return af tbo lever frorc whiob Bho had Buffered fn her childhood, and this timoehe waBitn. victim.' 41 Tho victim of that scoundrel, you mean,' interrupted ltupert, ' A well totd tale,' exclaimed the uncle, 'but no ghost.' 'lam coming to it now,' said Winter;) ' but ynu need not listen, of course.' ' I won't,' said tbe uncle. ' You can Bleep—' 'I will.' 'There ate few men,' continued the host, ' who, under a'uitablo times and conditions, do nol believo In ghostB.' 'I don't,' said the undo, who waa Btill awake. 'Thoro aro seme exceptions,' pursued tbe minuter, ' but the majority ol men are at times impressed with (hoEcnao of the super natural. Tho country people «ay that alter old Van llomiselacr tiled, tho younger portion of thu family would not remain because the place was hnuntcd by tho presence of the poor ynung brido in her wedding robcu. I cunuot vouch tcr that ; tho brother with whiim I transacted tho busincSH told mo that tbero were too many end uaioolations for them to chouse to live here; but it ia eaid that old Van Ilanssclacr, as ho Bat every evening whero tho general sits now, would tiovcr retire until ho bad eccn tbo apparition of hia daughter,' ?' He sat up all night then, I venture,' eaid tbo uuolo, ' I ngreo with you ; it is Btrango what fablea these empty country minds invent,' obseived Hamilton, striking match otter match in an effort to light another cigar. ltupert BBid nothing ; but he was, in vulgar parlcnce, all oars. II 1 am no more superstitious than tbe rest.' eaid Winter, ' but I confess to a wish to believe tbo story. Tbero is something touching in tho thought of tho old man sit ting by hit mouldering fire, night alter night, and waiting far into tho email hours fora aight ot bia darling. There waa ono guest that told tho story most coherently, and Baid he caught sight ot tho lady. It seems that ho knew nothing of the habit of bis host, and as tbo old gentleman showed no eigna ot re tiring, aud ensconced himself as il tor a long tirivido nopsip, tho guest did likowito. l'os eibly tbo shade ol the young briilo wa« later ttmu ucunl, or tbo etorics ot the puost wore tciiiuti?, lor the, head ot Van lLimelutr druppcii upon hin bre,i?t, and lie [ill into a eotini! Bleep. Tbe vir.itnr put mutely wnloh Iiir the embers, and halt lin^ninc, lo tho likiit tlcml of tno(»tpp- Hint fur rcini' lira? In- luid tended tut heard on tbe milk. .Unit, and mote distinctly they Bounded, until he olcntlj oaught tho olluli ol lilllo boot licalo mid tho itweop ol silk.' Iluperl, raiting hid oven at this point, met thosoof Hamilton llxr.il iipmi him, nnd Know thatho hnd hoard tlio imma aoundr. aa him. Belt, For Boroo time mint my friend bail heard, through tho inufliiug ot llin lunvy cur, talno, «ha( might Imvn iioen footsteps on tho little b»loony tbat juttod from the sldo windows. 'Tbo tootnlcpa oontinuod tor a long tlrao,' Winter was Mying f ' from the mmnd it doomed an it the person wern walking around and around tho house, Each timo thoy paUBod a longer time under tho window ; but tbo old man still slept on, and at last tho Bound seemed to rooedo in a different direction.' ltupert relates that now Hamilton and blmself distinctly heard a knocking en tlio window from tho outside | it ceased and re turned at iutorvals. but soemed alear to their strained hearing, although Winter, engroaicd by his story, and the uncle, bolt asleep in hia cbair, did not notice, it, 'Tbo guaut oould enduro inaotion no longer,' aaid the unconBolous Winter. 'Hushing to tho window, bo flung up the Bhade. Thoro wns a faint moon.' ' TiB Ibo ivy tapping,' muttered Hamil ton, . 13y 'tho ligbt ol the moon ho could dia tinyuiiili tha receding form of a woman vnniohlog ncroeo tho buow in a drew and veil an white as it, and leaving no prints be hind her. Ab he stood almost paralysed, bo perceived that Van Veunnelncr hail comoup tiohlnd him, nnd was watching Iho lust ininty outlines ot tho figure with nn uiprnaiion not ol fear, but of grief and teuikrucFK.' ' Knock I' very plainly now. Two knocks. A pause, then, ' Knock, miiiclc, knock I' tbrca times, thu sound somewhat deadened by tho curtains, but certainly on the outsido of tho lower window panes. Winter wnB roused by it. ' What was that!' he demanded. Ko one answered him, notuven the knock ing; (hero was dead Bileueii— a silence, ltupert BsyH, oven more unuomfurtnblu than the sounds. Who or what was ou the bal cony, and what was happening in tho still ??'it was tho wind, after all,' aaid Winter, finally, with a di.eji breath ; but oven as ho epeko there camo another faint sound, what liku they could not tell. The unole, who had been half asleep, opened hla eyes, ' Whnt is tho matter with you, boys t' ho said, peevishly. 'For my parr, I ucver hoard euoh n tissue ot non— ' Ho stopped, for tho window wan thrown violently open from thuouteidu, and tho cur tain sweptj away an though liy tho coM wind thct rushed in. Aud there, to tho fearful oycB of the group incirfc, and ngciiml tho black back ground cf Iho ni['ht, appeared tho wbito form ol u woman. Thr, Iniuiin flnrid in the sudden access ol air, nnd plninly showed a figuro ckd in thu drees of a l.tidc, though nevfr briiiu nut »een ts imlo us she. A veil ol misty lace shaded herhuir and died in tho shadow, nnd her drees wcu iiltc tho snow en the coping ot tlm window ; but her face, tbo faco of the mioip-ture, wus whiter than cither, and seemed utterly without life; tbo head thrown back, thu e;ca closed and tha beautiful, colorless lips lir.U open. Her small hands were elencbed on tho window ledge as if to keep her from fulling, and alia swayed to and fro as it blown by tbo wind, The tour men started to their feet and stood epell bound. Winter pceincd dazed ; the goneral was behind liira, bis hair on end ; and from Hamilton, pale ns the lady herself, broke a Bhatp cry, 'Oraaol' bo Baid. 'Urcccl Draco I Graco I' As tor my friend, utter ono second ho cleared tho rpace between him and tbo window at a bound, and bad the form of tho ghost in bis arms. ' Do jou not r-eo who it io?' ho oried, as ho lilted her oicr liiouill and brought her to the tiro. 'It ia Mien Kllalcr, and she baa fainted.' ' MiBsEllBlerT'exduiracd Winter. 'What could uhc bii doing out there?' A qur- etiun tbat ltupert oould answer no better than the ollicro, and bo waa too busily engsged in rente-ting bin lovoly ghost to think, nt present, nny further. Ha bad placed his burden in Ibn cbair of hor grand intlier, but still supported her bead on hia shoulder, whilo be Ehafed her hands and pushed tho air back Irom her temples ; in deed, I havo my suspicions tbat the boy, in tlio confusion ot the moment, carried hin re storativee still further while that fair faoe lay turned toward him on his breast, and Winter and Hamilton sought frantically for water and Bpirits. As for tba unole, after a careful survey of tha lady ho camo to a half conclusion tbat It might bo MibB Kllalcr ; but bo olosed tho window tightly, and saw tbat this time it was thoroughly barred. It waa some timo before Migs Alice revived sufficiently to give an account of ber pro Bcnce, but when sho did tho explanntion was Btmplo enough, Mrs. Winter and Edith bad lingered in her room until quito late, and after they bad left, Alico, advanoing to tho window, saw that the moon waa ris ing with beautiful effect over tho snowy hills. Tho better to enjoy it, sho had thrown a Isco scarf over her head, and stepped npon the small balcony upon wbiob her windows opened, bb the library windows did upon a similar balcony. She dosed tbe window behind her, lest the night Bir ebould chill her room, and, when attempting lo return, found to ber alarm that the window fastened with an old-tasbloncd upring when closed, and could only be opened from tho in aide. Her situation wan a gloomy ono; there appeared to be no release from spending the night on tbe balcony, unprotected from the cold, and wilbnocompanion save thocbaete Suddenly, however, she caught tbe glimmer ot ligbt from tbe library windows, which wero next her own, and sho knew that the men bad not yet retired. Tbe thought etruok bar that if Bhe could get from her own upon tho library balcony, »ho might be let in through tbe library window. V.'ithsomo danger, and more difficulty, she at last accomplished this, but scorned unable to mako tbo men aware of her presence They woro Gome dlstanco from the window, tbii curtaini! were ot tbe heaviest, and her Btrcngth was to fast failing her tbat shecculd burcly aumnion force to top upon tbe panes. For n moment, Alioa said, Bhe thought she lout consoiounness, then, rousing, gathered all her powers and made a last deaperata at tempt to raiio the aash herself. In this Bho proved suoccsslul, as the window fattened merely with an ordinary bolt, which bad not yet been secured. From that moment sbo ' No wonder you tanoiod mo a ghost,' said Alice, with a taint smile, as she took her emerald locket Irom tho table and prepared to withdraw ; ' I suppose you had been bear ing the story ot my poor aunt.' 'Ghostiil Nonsense, child I' snfd the uncle, who had qulto recovered himsdl. The next morning Hamilton did not ap pearnt breakfast, and Winter said that ur gent busineas had called tbo Westerner away. After tbo meal, bis host took Unpcrt aside tor a moment. 'Did yon notice,' ho eaid, 'that tbero was tho plnae for auother miniature within tba emerald locket!' ' Yes,' eaid Ituport. 'It was originally filled by tbe picture ot Alias Vnn llcnstc-lsot'o lover,' said Winter, ' but was destroyed before tbe looRot camo into Mlsa Kllaler'a poseeBBion. Now if wo could ceo that painting, whoso laco do jou BUppoec it would represent)' ' I oannol guess,' replied Ilupert. ' That oi Hamilton,' e&id; Winter, gravely. ' I wns euro of it but nicht, by observing hia iMjiDi-rwhcn .MIm Kllalcr appeared, and bia ilepnttiur. this mnrnini! confirms It.' Tuis is r.lt ll-ifttt hoa told me, lint there is nnuther part ut the tt.ory which I j guto, ] 