IWoveliet. immv r;?sr I'I'di.i.shkd J Tlie Verdict Was-? A S10RY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND CHAPTER I. t a WAKEKut .Nianr. ", Jin JItiroUl Rt.aidcl,-enzte, Author of "T/ic S'juitlter'a Daughter." :' The sun had sunk to reet-liburs ago, 'lending penco uml'calinncBS to tlio scone. ? Although the liniids of tHo r clock on tho mantol-slielf pointed to the small .hours. little or no sleep as yet had come to tho ..< oyos of Sybil I'rescot't.- Tlio room wus furnished in that light and niry stylo so often seen in tropical climates. On tho floor, which once had boasted of vurui3h but now dulled by loii" u<ago and ficrco noon-dny buiis, woro tcatt< red rujjs of 'opossum and wulluby. In tho centre of tho apartment stood a largo bed, so situated .13 to catch overy particlo of breeze which on this calm and sultry night was wafted through tho room in acarco suflicient forco to have extinguished a lucifer. tinder tho canopy (if a mosquito cur tain, despite the careful hunt of a black attendant to rid Sybil of his tormentors,' buzzed and pinged as murderous a set of demons aa Queensland can boast.. Lying thus with now and then a violent dart at n more than usually audacious member of tlio trilio, whioh invariably ended 111 missing tho. fair-ono (for: wo aro told that it U only tho fcmnlo that bites) sho would aonr merrily upwards, serenading as sho flow to prepare for a fresh onset. ..: -.. .., ; . ~.;?.'.; ?-.; Mosquitoes aro had onoughutall tinioa, but when to thia is added A; mind ocrwroiight with thoughtsidistractimr— try to banish them as one may—surely tho cup of woe ia filled to its'utmosf., _ This was Sybil's case, when for tho ..uuUivUUi 111110 ho tossed-niidturnodon 5 us weary pillows with tho over Ominous num of mosquitoes ringing in his ears. ? . "Confound tho thing ! 'I can stand : it no longer! ho oxolaimed, dashing tho curtains aside and reaching out for a cigarette. .. .-. ? ? .- Having lit the consoling roll of rice Piper and tobacco, ho thrust hia foot into a capacious pair of Chinese filippurs and sauntered on to the verandah. Ilcro comfortably ensconced in a long cane- TJS? 1 ~ ? c ; lned . m ?? at case as ho ached tho blue rings of suiofco curling upnatils in tho air. ,1 Jn C *, t!lr * n ',?!'?. oui: '" K roat clusters of ?'?nonds; shining with that. intense hr a ,cy and purity which alono.cnn be M ,T ".H? 1 , '' htu "'?- Never find the pull, g „f t!l0 fragrant .wood scomod to ""tig aiicli co: Koliition to Sybil. Ilia 111 nd was so!otroubled and iiqedod sbme ini.nVi Tr y , r , u!,of -: if ?'nI.V temporary,. n ?ht bo afforded, and :tl,i ? ho was soefc 'ng from il, o goddess Nicotin 1.-'' - Am has sho not done modi fo soothe heinl f ' S '"'" ? '*"."' liavc lvo "?* iiM a uf ras wllcre bi , avo w lholl , ro „ T, oro , n '?"- ""JoJoh moment might i is oo ?!? m pi?';''g tho tunitvfr. ? ? ", a , favor '?blo "Pl'or to hi-. ?; ' ri " ,ru , wlmt haB brought him tralia " " y ? f Nl,rtl >o?' Aus vroTdlfi'" 1 W ", 3 notnn Australian by birth Xt T,: '>???* convinced an ou ,crvo r ?iTvrnin. i' looks, manner nud ryuiu ,, c ] no connect j iH , h . SISd 0 l K " yliSh ?P>?"??c?2 ti.m? it „ ? I , ns '"' w,l ? "? tllo I>''?'tn '? 'iiuo mini t 10 rost ox-mif (1,,,> i.:„ "Mil may l.n , 1 , - x - t 'Pt 'Hat his inaila i,f,„ ; W V "?gi'i'oa.les.i swarthy, tl'?ir.„X ."?" '"" c ':' r - a l?cun„sly j,, e'-a i oM';t.!;r i ,,;;Miri r ; t, 'r nf , ~k a groat „,n,,,. I'l'blie eclionU, and not '?"Shim- If, t ', "'" '" ""."?"""??KUial,. c;^i-,,, ic , ::;^ , ; t ;;;- (^i??-..t<, f Wo„"l,. I i ; i !l "!! , ." 1,:,, c"- ?-'!--? it might havo ,t; "'Wr ,„',„'.' ',i"':' 'ii - '','! ,u '' rt '"! lL ' R -. r ''?Kdi,,i,'di. , *, ,''l' ??! ,I< r.'"lilioa. n p.-..a a :ui(liL-ioiicy of fore* on both ii, order to nttitin a mt-na Kuna in r,,,-j,,, r r ?ni,i is whnt every right ti.inking pen,,,, should Tho muscular training which .Sybil liad undergone in hie youth had given t.) hi. body Hint flexibility and energetic inovo mont enabling him" to undergo lon- days (if fatigue under liot Funs which to?a loss hardened physique might havo tol.l sorely upon him. Having quitted school, ho pnsned two or threu years under tho guidanco of several " army-crammers '' who failed to drivo tho required Bubjects into his head in order to qualify him for commission in tho service. Whether it wa? that Sybil's skull wns thickor than the general run of you.,;,' ,„?„'?, or that the cramming system was not ad ministered m proper form, is a problem Btill requiring solution. Tho sporting parson with whom he hud last taken up his residence was chiefly lemnrkablo for n knowlecl"e, .if horseflesh more than any other BulTjeet Sybil would often hold km... discuniiona with him on tho poiulh of. a new equine purchase to tho exeliiuion of all such tiring nniumenta ns to whether or no any two sides of a triangle are to-ether greater than the third. And so tho timo passed pleasantly enough in the quaint old Sussex village, which in tho small hours of tho morning would often ring with tho shouts of tho obstreperous young liloods, a\val;iii" from their slumbers tho hoary-hoaded parishoners who brought down on the worthy rector' 3 head anything but bles sings. When Sybil had appeared for tho fourth timo at Burlington Hnuao before that array of grini-visaged examiners which have niailo many a daring youris soldier quako in his shoes at tho thoughts of being "plucked," ho know wiihin his own mind that tho papers sent in were not up to the mark. Ho was right in his conjectures, and once more was hopelessly spun. "It's no use, sir," were tho words to hie father after this, his final attempt; " I'll have to chuck it up and i-o out to Australia." This sudden determination in order, na il wore, to seek somo consolation for hav ing failed to become n dofendor of his country met with but scant, approval from Colonol I'rescntt. 110 was indig nant and displeased to think that hTs only Bon could not hnvo followed in tho footsteps which ho himself had won so much favor in. " C.n t<. Aitotrnlin, if you've set your heart upon doing so," ho had said ; " but, remember, this is tho last thing I could havo wished. I had hoped that before my death to havo seen you winning honor in something more noblo than perhaps driv ing a team of bullocks. However, when n man has been given a recoptaclo for brains it can only bo regretted that tho ncce??ary article was not supplied. Colonel Presoott was lini.v/uc in man ner, mid at times when his reason was governed by passion a, very dangorous person to encounter. In a mood irritablo and displeased with things in general, chiefly on necount of his son's failuro for tho army, ho had bidden Sybil farou<ll ou his journey to Queensland. . With this brief outlino of Sybil's former life, onco more wo return to tho verandah from which ho looked on tho silvery night. Tho BCeno was beautiful indeed. A night upon which it boomed that day light had been prolonged, so clear nnd so bright was it. Tho houso looked down upon tho ljng sloping banks of garden which reached to tho w.atcr's oJgo, whoro flashed and sparkled under tho moon's wliito beams tho sluggish river. Tho houso itself wns of that doUght fully rambling character peculiar to houses wherein the owner, dooming that internal comfort is preferablo tii external bhow, had illustrated his good scuso. Tho rooms it contained were all spacious nnd airy, which opened out by nionns of French lights on to n' broad verandah running tho whole length of tho houso. Bath-rooms, perhaps tho moafr nncesaary of nil, were mado quito a study of in this edifice with thoir shov/ore, plunges,-and cool lounges for reclining in niter the ablutions. , ' Clone bosido and convoniont for Bupply ing the ininntos with an nbinidancy of water ran a clear mountain Btream, which oven in tho hottest weather felt cool nud i refreshing to tho body. Who that has ever passed weary days where tho skin Bceni? parehod nnd shrivelled for tho ' mint of tone does ? not' know what this ' bath in a land of n flcrco sun mo.ins 1 ~ It is tho very elixir, the restoration of all , relaxed energy onco inoro to its normal sphere. To say that one's breakfast in tho land whoro sugar grows would not readily bo forgone in favor of a bath is not an exaggeration. Sybil's room faced the south, which was tho best situation for getting the benefit of the much longed-for sea-breeze which generally sprang ?P after sui> down; nnd then with what sweet-smelling nroniatic perfumes would tho air be lad on, exhaled, from - stepnamitis and magnolia which grow abundantly in tho garden. . . ? ? Then, gh'ost-liko in tUoir mournful rustling noiso, with whito feathery .tops ehooting upwards .straight as arrows against tho deep bluo sky, would wave and bend with evory aigh of tho'wind tho bamboo canos- which lined tho river bank. On'tho opposite side by day, stretching, loaguoupon lcagno through trackless jungle nsyot undisturbed by tho hand of man, tho oyo could roam at will over foilngo from tho darkest olivo green to the clcarcHt emerald —changing, too, with as inanv varying tints aa tho small lizards which woro there in thousands, basking in n noon-day sun. At night-fall would gleam and caot its glow heavenwards tho camp firo of tho untutored Queensland savago who, crouch ing liko somo demon from tho nother work! with shrunken limbs und unkempt locks mado tho only sorry spectaclo in an otherwise perfect landscape. Tn Rtrango contrast to nil this wild uncultivated liind was tho appearance of the llappoe Plantation, whern nnnnnsinff toil by busy hands from early morn till the sun had xet w;is carried mi. Tho well-kept fields of sugar-cane, with its nrruwiiif tops denoting that it was ready and over-ripe for crushing. Tho un erasing whirr of machinery in the ginut mil! r.r. it ground nnd i-rn?l)ol tlin>ii<;h tho sunny day tho long luscious canes into a pulpy mass, extracting-nil tho thick creamy juico wliich ran iir alugginh Htri'niun from tho rollers. Tho dusky South Sea ravages, with grinnimr fncen, knee-doop in tho immense tanks shovelling out tho thick molasses. All this spoko of enterprise and activity on tho part of tho owners, who lived in far-away Melbourne. Sybil had chosen to mako his homo hero with a view p.omo day of: managing tho estate which ho now litld an interest in. 110 was young, not nioro than twonty-Cvonyeara .of ago. His porsonal appearance w.'s taking, though in tho strict Bonso of Uic term ho wns not hand some. HU £.M-,<l-nnturi>d which was ovor ready to p:irt his lips, and clear, dirk colored eyes established confidence in him at once, consequently with but few exceptions ho was a "loat favorite on the plan-ation. "He's got tho whip hand of ran, ban ho J" he muttered to himself, ns rising from the lounge ho tr.ssed away thu fourth cigarette end and paced thu verandah as one troubled. Ho was repeating to himself some words of Maurico Liscombo's, manager of Kup pue, Hpuken to him that day. That any body should havo dared to try and exercise a power of thie kind, nay, more, a threat held out to him, in order that ho should appear craven in the eyes of others, was more than ho could etniid. lie feared no one, and, leant of all, his con science, which was clear and fron from thu awful charge which b.: knew lAs combo intended brin-irg auainst him should ho not at onco lulah it nn with largii sums of monc-v. "Lα him do his worst; I am prepared. There must be an end sooi.er or later to this." He was standing at tho farther end of the verandah speaking to himself ami so absorbed with his own thoughts that thu footsteps approaching were unheeded. Suddenly, as if by instinct, ho turned quietly nn his heel nnd confronted Maiirico Libcombo. For a second neither spoke, but stood K-izing at oac-h other, with tho palo moon beams playing un their countenances. At length, Mauricu Liscombo, a man short of stature, with nco.irse- lookingfacunij.l an expression that waa not wont to inspire confidence, hrcko the silence. "So, Mr. Prcscotl, you choo3o throe o'clock in the morning for tnkinc exercise besides awakening people fromtheirelecp. T.> this Sybil mado no reply, fearing possibly that had ho given his tonguu rein r.omething more than a mere bandy ing of words might havo resulted. Turn ing hie hack on tho manager, ho calmly pulled nwny at his cigarette. "Ah I" exclaimed LUcombo, " so you still intend to ignore mo? So be it. Uo mombcr thocnndilinns upon wliich I have based my proposal this afternoon, and unless you comply with them you know tho consequences. A month from thia date, nnd unless they aro agreed to, you nhall bo known to tho world as the mur derer of tiurald Diigdale." For an instant tho desire to strike this man, aa ho would a dog, came over him, but as suddenly restrained himself !'t>.'J gazing fearlessly ois Lsseonibe uttered in words both calm and clear : "That God should havo doomed it worthy to put breath in a body such as yours is beyond comprehension. This threat which you hold out to mo, thinking that by so doing you can extort money, does not frighten mo. I say, d 6 your wornt. Now I havo finished. Words with you aro useless." - Before the manager had timo to make roply Sybil had vanished, leaving him to his own reflections. In another hour or two tho grent hot sun had risen, loudly welcomed by shrill-tongucd birds of brilliant colors, the low croaking sounds of reptiles which came from their retreats to bask in its gonial ruys, and nil the thousand noises which nro ovor present in this steamy' sugnr land. The month was July, and cool enough compared to blazing Decem ber, which, indeed, is a veritable vapor bath in Queensland. ?;;'?. Tho morning-bell had sounded, awaken ing tho hands from their alumbors to bejrin anotiior day of toil mul weariness under a vertical sun. Such. a>hot sirtv the like of which is scarcely realizable by those who havo not stood for hours under itH scorching rays within tho dense cano brako whither no broeze to refresh ,the,i body finds its'way; ; For houi's. toil the coolies, ridding tho ground of noxious weeds which scum to grow In'a night in this natural forcing-luiuno.i. -.',- Tlieii afar olf are seen the patient ploughJiorsos tramping through yielding soil heavy and irksome after the lato rains, in order to preparo tho ground for next year's crop. ; Slowly and with moa sured- trcadi: groaning and tuggii!" at their chains, aro Been toa-ins of bullocks, dragging behind them mountain loads of firewood to foed tho over- ready jaws of tho huge furnaces, whilst tho Btnlwart driver walks slowly besirto them with many n curso on thoir heails and many a cut from his double- thonged whip when they shirk the slightest. The mill grinds on without cessation until tho crop is off. No sooner mc the day toilers released than n gang for night work succeeds them. . Tho huge rollers are sileiltfora'timo and give way to tliu whirling, centrifugals and vacuum pan bubbling and dancing with tho saccharine matter which is : to' to convortod into sugar. ??'"?'-:'- ; ' ' .?"'?'.'? It is-all life and onergy, the work of a sugar plantation., i. Itaoes from all countries minglo to gother/ I'hii shrowd Scotch engineer, who. has charge, of the machiuory ; the neathen Chinaman, who wiolds an nxo to prepare fresh sugar land by felling tho juuglo; tho treacherous Malay, . who skulks nnd would liko to run a knife through anyone who offends his dignity were it not that the laws of Queensland are not those of his own peniusula and ho fears the consequences. Then come all tho overseers, rouso-abouts, mill hands and workers of all descriptions. Some loading steamers with the precious bugs of sugar that will eventually find; their ?wny to the Melbourne and Sydney mar kots, others carting " megasa" to the mill furnnci's which has been drying .under the sun for days piiet. Duaky nnd well-proportioned women with babes stung at thrir backs move about arrayed in cheap, bright gnrments purcha.-ed at ti neighboring storo, load iu" drays with fuel. For the womon of the South Seas know hard work equally with tho inon wooding und stripping tho cane, laughing with tho bright sunshine plnving ou their pearly teeth, which cause a aigh or'envy from many a loss favored woman of fniror hue, and' over all tho brilliant eunrajrs -gloaming on whitened roofs and throwing shadows across the purplo-huod mouiitiiiiirwhich frown liko mighty fortresses that have bfon scorched and wind-Bwept for cen turies, pnst. ',??!.'?' cnAPTER 11. MAUiticE hscomce's iicr.iisiUM. Tho wonls which had been uttored tho previous evening by Maurice Liscombe still ran" in Sybil's ci"a throughout tho wliolo of tho next live-long day, ns thoii"h a hot iron had been soared ncrosa hia brain. Usually joyous when cm ploved in his .lay's work, singing and lioht- hoartedns the veriest schoul-boy r? loi'iHcd from his studies, he was ou tho mcirniii" after thin night of menial tcr turo sad and absent in in-- <-,-r. Tho day was an ltniiAually busy ono. Tho truck luailH of cano r.tacked hij;h m air camo pouring in to food the rollers, which ground nwny with n crackling noise, slowly l>llt eurelv extracting every particle i.f juice from'thu lony. sivei-t. sticks. The linu of dr.ivs crawl-ns: it funeral pace, driven l.y IC'iiaUn?, pulled up, each in turn, to receive a load ..f " niC'i'Ms," theiicc to be carted away and spread out in tlio huii, where, as chil.lr, n in nthcr countries imVht play in the h:iy lields, so would the little bhu-k 3avn?es— the oilspring of Kanaka women—delimit in rolling ami tossing it in each other's 'lii'tbo far distance glimmered and shone with aliiiiiHteupcriiatur.il brilliancy the mighty mountains, on which could he traced tumbling wnter- Lills,sparkling and dancing like, miliums of crystals under the The scene was'all color, life and move ment. Sybil of an would delight to join in a friendly l-iiho of cuds with I lie ovtraecru where* Ids chcer\\- inaiinur and good-natured liuutc r would always lind n ready welcome After the duv'n work succeeding that ..f his midnight interview v ith I.i-coml.e, lio was in no ready framo f.f mind for the light-hearted throng which was awaiting his coining "t tlic barracks. lie merely Btopped as he, roilo homewards for a short half hour to tell them that he would not put in an appearance that " Why. what's np.old hoy, with yon?" queried Kred Roycroft, a "bright, good looking jmnij,- fellow, employed on the place us storekeeper. "Yes," udded Alex Sudden, "you look as if you'd lost two-pency and picked up a half-penny." ?' She'll thrown him over," sni-.l Arthur Rieha-nls in a playful tone. At any other timo Sybil would have liad quick repartee at "liia command to parry thi'Bi! thriists with; but this even ing he was ilmlrait, and found but little to oimiso him. The stici .ty of his fellow-creatures for once proved irk- H'Jvo wo not all felt so at times? When some cloud lowers over the sun shine of our path, would we not wish to lio away, far away mid alone, to think it over nnd try if possible of finding some way out of our trouble V "Well, hi ro wo are, boys," said Roy croft, placing glasses on the table, with a whisky botile beside- them. " Lot us chaao a way dull care and make our old friend smile again. Never sluill I forget liim shouting to mo the ovening that alligator was behind mo in the rivtr. If ever a ninn >?>in for hi? lift. T did on that occasion." ?'By George, ycsl" said Sugdon, "you had a narrow squeak that timo, nnd can thank Prtacott fur. being alive now." Sybil, wlto wns leaning over the table, flicking the duot from his boot?, poo poolied the idea as wna Iris wont when nny spccinl net of hia doing was brought for ward. " Nonsense, boye," ho answered ; "it was all duo to Mop'croft's swimming. Cer tainly, I drew his nttontion to the alii cater, and can truly any he cut to laud liko a torpedo boat.' , - "Gi'omoaouio whieky, and haug the cursed. crocodiles," bawled ? Richards, holding his glass at arm's length, " I'll tnko iiood euro they don't: get. mc for a meal." Talk Honed on in this fashion, waxing louder as tlio glcassce woro drained, when emb of them suddenly exclaimed : " Who the dovil can this be galloping; for his life ?"' at the stimo time looking in tlio direction from whence the sound of fast travelling hoofs enme ringing on the still calm air of sunset. . "Well, Jim, whut'e wrong with you ?" shouted Hoy croft, us Singleton pulled his mate, up in frur.t of the houso a few seconds later. "Mutter? Nothing much with wie. Tho boss though's come to grief. On the road homo ho ?ot slung off, nnd sprained an ankle. Hit's as right as they mako'om. lie told mo to ride liko blitzes for a bandage, and I'm hero accord ingly." Tho quartette listened in silence to Singleton'ii ? aecnunt of the accident, though it could hardly be said that any ono of them showed tho slightest sign of pity for Maurice Lincombe. "Onroo him I" wns afl Richards mut tered whilst pacing the verandah. " Now look sharp with tho bandages I" said Singleton, giving his horoo a dig and riding onwards to tho store. Soon all tho necessary articles wore provided, Roycroft accompanying Single ton to the house whero Sybil rcsi'ded with Maurice Liscombo, a distance of less than half .1 mi'.u from tho barracks. As they, rodo along the rivor banks Singleton and Roycroft measured paces between their respective animal::, which is the delight of nil young colonists when they can get an opportunity of tho wing what mettle their steeds are mndo of. On entering tho houso they found tbo manager of Rappoe stretched at length on tho aofa, with wild eyes staring into space, and now and then an effort to nrticulatc sombthing which was perfectly unintelligible them. . .?.-.?????'.'??:?. ??';'<y\ -V^i/ "A knife nt once,' , said Roycroft; to Singleton, who eet himself up;ns:an authority-' ?'..whenever.: anything? in ?' the , doctoring li.ie cropped up. .*: ?? - :?:?; -:< £ ?-'?<??? '?'!'???? ' '?; .7; " 1 'must ?; tliatfl.. boot';. ; off,'} first; ;tliing;^v;rw-''r'-rp:K'~'>cvio'-;"'KXffi;i:;-^ , \:: l wv; ? So, suiting - the "net ion' to', the word,' he ; npped: tho echhi? to pieces; which at once paused relief..?'.:^J/;-v/ :; -^''? I ''S^ i 'Ijiacbinbe, Uieh linking back'/.was'aobri wrapped in heavy sleep: .{;>.'-V:": ; ' Rive Roycrofthie'duo,'although'far from having any great' knowledge or skill as: a surgeon,he was what might have been termed a handy man when occasion demanded. Ho could- bind or slitoh wounds, could , prepare['.and put an n poultioi witli all the skill: of a profca sinnal li'urao, aiid, on moro than ono oc cimioti hnd boon known to extract teeth, though haw much unnecessary pain he had inflicted ho was not prepared to say. '??." Semite n nasty wronch, nnd likely to lay him up fora timo," ?aid Roycroft, ns lio bathed the ankle with ammonia and witter. \- Tho l?<> were st~r.&:-.£ on cither side r.f tho manng. r, who lay ns ono inanimate, savo for tho labored breathing and con vulsivo twitching of his lips, unused by heavy drir.king. " " That beast can linver g<> to the rown ehip without coming back tight. Some night he'll got hia iiccl; troke, and it won't bo much loss cither. I know one man on the place as wouldn't mind seeing him toes up." , These remarks wp.ro uttered ny .Stnglo ton, who was expro-sivo in his phrase olojry. if not having duo regard for Queen's English. '? Who's lh.it?" queried Roycroft, wind in" yards upon yards of Eoft linen round the nwollen ankle. " Now, then, can't you guess, instead of '.ij-iiiK to play fie goat V You know jolly well the man 1 mean." Rovcrnft oftiin assumed this kind of fcii-ned iimoranco on certain Rtibjects, being what one might have lenneU rather n safu cuMoincrj ns regards not sayinu tool much. " Well, if you want to kn...v, 1>,,;c,.: tV. tho man Tiu'referring to. Lord ! 1., hear liim cur. in? tho boss this mornim, wna enoUL-h to haw frightened the devil him self. "Ti.ero must ha' been some jolly row on last night, for I never in all tny bo- nda.VK—" Heibre Singleton had finished, Maurice Liscouibu opened his eyes, though what wns taking phico ho seemed scarcely to be I aware of. His eyes rolled wildy from one I to the other. His arms were thrown over ! his head, clutching at tho cushions upon which he lay. Kor a moment all was iilent. In nnolher instant a low, chuck ling demoniacal laugh broke from Lia combo hiiimclf : '? Escape mc, can ho ? Never 1" The t/ino of his vfflice was unnatural and unliko that ever heard i>. f.ire those watching beside him. ? It war. clearly discornib'lo th.it ho w..> wnnderinj; in his mind fn.in tho dis jointed nature of hia remarks : " As true α-i my iiniue'u Lisc.nibe- sa? whole all'air plain as—call it murder of .-ourse I do—that fellow I'.cseott —u.oon shining full—sea calm—l'll huvo money' Having relieved lu'tni-elf of.so much, In shut hi>. eyes once inoreand uluinbered. " What on eari.li is the old tool driviu at?" exclaimed Singleton. '-Pi'sott mixed uji with full inoor.s and intiid.r. 1 striked mc the moon's had a go at hllnl.v his talk. Perhaim I'rescott'U be able to tell us all about it." "Take my advice," said Rnver.ift, "and keep what you've heard toyourself. It niit:ht eaupu trouble." " Pel hap* your right,' , said Singleton, "though I've iilnays heard cay iliat when a man's RiilT ring from delirium itr not right to attach too much inip'ortanc. to what ho says. Nuw taking myoni. case, for example, when 1 was laid up with rheumatic fever, 1 took all sorts ol odd fancies into my head. Even my wife, who's the best woman on earth, came in for a share of cursing occasionally. l> strikes mc, however, in this cas> that there's something niniss between the bos: iuid Prc?Cott. I've noticed 'em for Rome time back not hitting it off quite pro per." " Yes," said Roycroft, " that has been pretty evident to all cf us, and no wonder either. A better chap never trod tliif earth than Prcscott. I've never known hun guilty of a mean action yet. A gentleman in every sense of tlio twin, uliich is more than can bo said of him. , ' pointhi" to the manager. *' Why, the way Prescotb is spoken to sometimes, iIV v wonder to mo that ho hasn't broken ovory bane in his body beforo this." "Good Lord 1 do you think for a mo ment that I'rescott would take tuch a mean advantage na to strike this flabby tiling Uere," said Singleton, throwing a look of. contempt on the sleeping form. " No, lie's not built that way. Give him a man of hb own size aud weight, and then there would be something to talk about. I'll back Prescott any day for a liver." Tiio evening was now wearing on. Without all was still nnd p.incuful, save for the tho cry of birds which pifo.i merrily all through thu night, us soino are wont to do ill this hot laiid. Or again might bo heard tho piteous wail of wild dng?, serenading tho bright moon in some deep recess of tlio thick jungle, it w.liiue so piteous and uncanny as to make those who hear it for tho tirst. time imagine it from tbo reyiona wher': torruenta may exist. What nights are these of the tropics, whoro tho deep vault of Heaven iR titudded with countless millions of bright worlds? 110 they not apeak to us of something that wo may hope 'or in that unveiled future whither ull, wo believe, aro trending ; aomotliing of peace, snmc thing of rest nnd rupuso from all the busy toil and vexation of opirit, which is the general lot of mankind on earth? Yea. uuch are. tho dreamy, calm, ethereal nights of thes? lands where Great Sol in running hia daily course boats down upon tho earth so fiercely. Beside auch nights as these, whnt com- I parison can be drawn with tl.oac of teni- I pernto latitude* whero the oturs shine hut jfeubly, wlwre fugs drift up from cold mortisef-p, ami where the run looks sick so often through bnnka of dull-lined clotida ? One i? nil life, color and gaiety ; tbo other sombre, dull and cad. Tho birds in their rich plumage dartingacn.ss tho jungle pnlh, tho lizards timidly gnz ing from their bower of fern nnd rich, inoiat crasscs, the troops of dazzlinp butterflies, tho emerald colored snakes gliding noiselessly through the under growth, all.seem to be endowed with greator vitality in lands whero spices grow," and, alaa! where Europeans sicken and die.-...'??.. v !-?";? Over all this wealth of color, tlits abundance of Nature's (?reafce.it gifts, when but to bo able to bo proof against malarial fovor, would moan only to live in order to enjoy, eotnosthn warning note of death. The ride, pcrhapa when the sun has set, floundering girth deep on your trusted sterd through stagnant water, aro then exhaled from its noxious depths where infusorial life is teeming tUo droailed inaliirial ga.?es. ?-.- .This sickness, deadly in its purpose, Ktrikcs down strong and weak. Men who havo endured tho hardships of campaign, men who have travelled many wonry leagues in tho saddle without food for daye would gladly experience them .-ill aguin rather than tight the common enemy of the tropics, which racks them both 'in mind and body as nothing elso can. Lying for weeks together, with every bono, an it were, boing hammered by mulbts, by sprays of ice-cold water followed by scorching irons, ns it were, tearing-tlio flceli asunder, are. some of the feelings of this tropical fever. Sybil had ns yet escaped all sickness, as moat do whose rich English blood is net made thin until a summer or two has passed. With his lino physique and well traiued mi- bcles he could defy nlinost, any thing in the shape of bodily ailments, and would laugh when nny one complained of so much the rule with p.U nW.ni " Well," said Singleton, breaking a somewhat, prolonged silence, "do v?u think you'll want mo any longer, "cos, if yon don't, I think I'll be getting back to tho missiu." Singl"ton wn? ;, mnrri.vi mm,, fmJ nl wnyu rpoko <if his better half ns tho miaais. A kinder husband never breathed than this somewhat rougli- nnd-roiuly. stockman, win. took a piido in teeing everything around hia small homo ns-j neat nnd natty as hands could make it. ltH well-kept garden, in which be would work after the day had finished. The Ring little parlor, with its suito of fresh, bri?ht-ci>lnml chinli: and favorite bunks' and pliotognipb?. Its tall and cool-look in" ferns, shading the v.-rnndah, the. pride ami joy of his v.if... The c all told of kind mid loving hands which, in other.?, might have been left, to languish and. decay. "Only <mo thing m.?ri>, lon," haid J{.iycrirfr. V\V!,i:n yon'ru p .s-sinl, -tl.e liai-r:i<.-ks, m;.; if 1 , , < f c.t'r is tline, and iS bo, tell him to couu. n-. soon a-> he can. I want to arrange about lie I imi-t have some one by him all night. In ..ne of hia moments of frenzy he become troublesome." "Right, oia hoy. There's my little heauty outsido piUling on lut bridlci as if she ea.v a thoueaud uhoats. so I'll bo oii" at once. Good.night! auu keep tUc oW beugar tjuiut. "? In another Bccoiulhe had swung lightly into the saddlu and wiis cantering "Mirough the moonlight with many a leap from tho y.-uing mare, who seemed to have an idea I hut shadows of trees and stuiiij)!! ivcrc Irrcichcrou? wafer-jumps. Riiycroft and the iiiiiiini;;r were alone. Tin; mom they were in was Un\n and airy, mid. >i* Uio c.ea-breez.' came in "genllu itus?s, it made mimic in the ghm-i chamlc li.-r above. Iul!c gulden, flyiiitf.foxes aniidal. the eoena- H ut aii'd bamiiina trees play'.-dhi.lc- ar.d.ECe!;; I he crickets chiiped i..d batsileiv in and out, attniefed by the light. . . AHcreaturosof night-time were hold ing high iett iva'l. l-Vi- Heiitly ii .ice,, groan camo from Maurice hiseuiiibe, which startled lloy crort Koniewliut, wh? was enjoying a lii another i'tiHinut/'llli' hnd risen in a nil I ing pnstur.', but seemed to tnko no liei.-J uf Ri'.yeroft's prer.ence. Ilia eyes ',ad a lixed bleary h.ok, mul woro mi ex pVi-asion of pain , lH be drew from h\? ;...eket '.i r.e.Je.l lelt.-r and in iiuickly ?lirnst it hack again, fearin.- lest any one ihotihl sco it. . Th:it he was willVring frnit, delirium was evident. '? l'oi.r lJiigdalu ! P.ior Thigdalo I" ho I.ept repeating to himself. " Never mind ; you'll be avenged for it. Pree cott'll have a hard case'to. prove, a hard case to prove—d n him \" Roycroft listened with tome iuter< st, wondering what, on earth this ehal-e levelled nuniiist I'nucott coiild mean. In the distance came the noise, of clat leringhoufs, which Roycroft guessed to be Sybil riding homewards. Soon tho young Englishman pulled up and dismounted. When ho filtered tho room he stood for an instant gai-.ing at the bloated features and swollen ankle of tho inaniiyur, then t.iking his scat ch'.su to Roycroft, they talked for a time in low voices. "Is ho wandering V Has lie been say imriiiiyr.hiiwr'ir'' queriml Sybil, who waX ipparontly anxicua to know soniething about tho patient. " Yes, he is saying a lot more than ho ought to." "Anything about mc? Is ho uncon scious?" "Very much so, nnd for that reason I attach no importance to bis words." " J Jut what has h.s been saying i" SybU inquired, anxiouely. ' Better not be too curioua; it mightn't please you." "Come, how, Roycroft ; thcro can bo nothing between us. Take mo into your confidence ; 1 promieo j-ou it'll go no fur " For your own sake, I trtiit not; it's a very ugly report, old boy." At these, words Sybil rose to his feet, fearing what ho guessed when ho had heard thai Liecombo was dolirious. Ad vancing slowly towards Roycroft ho took him gently by the shoulder, gnzing fear lessly into his eyes. " Does he—docs he " —hero ho fal tered a little—"mention tho name of Dngdalo, accusing tno of—of—" Hβ sank into a clutir, tho t>ords refus ing to come. lioycroft stood over him, wondering what it all meant. CHAPTER 111. SYBIL'S NAIIKATIVE. Seasons conio and go in sugar lands without that romnrliablo change in ehnrac tcr which distinguishes those of more temporato climes. Tlio sun is always shining; tho trees, the "hrubs, and tho flowora are for evor fresh to the eye ; winter, bo called, may bo a little less pevure than autumn j summer may be romo intensified ns spring dopnrt?, but days are hot nltvnys. The dancing rnys of sunshiiio blind the eyes at noon-day even in the month of June, and when night closes in chill mists, nt times arise hanging liko, a white pall above tho arrowing cane-tops. Tho Malay crouches around his hot embers, his form so litho ?.nd active imrfer w-rlipjil Riinruy., whon Europeans frasp for breath, now shrinks and shrivells before the cool night air. It was tho winlor season nt Rappoe. Tho Fo.ison when all day long in the cnnc-fiolds tho toilers were busiest. Clink, clink, went tlio cnnc-knive>, sharp as razors and flashing in tho sunshine, from n?Curo of dusky imvngcs. . Women aud children, too, were .gathering up tho bamboos as thoy fall nnd piling them on the trucks for the'mill. No ope was idle. ?- . . / :.--A , a;v-;-' ? But What a change .is the season of heavy raiti?, when: for days together no work can bo piococdcd with, wlieh the great mill has censed pounding en, and birds and flying-foxes wheel .about: the building, uiiecared- by- -the '_roar of stenm. ,".-'*.,'?."'.'?. .'*-'-;'??'????'- ?".',?' ?;''?'.?','; Then course down In all , their fury the racing mountain torretUa. to join the broad, fast-flowing river,'which curries 6n 'its ourfiico mighty treotrunks, torn from their roots, to bo boruo seawards.' No craft could stem .that current, rushing mildly on to join tlio wide, blue.oceniv Jinn pcrforoo must sucounib to tlie in evilublr. ? Ho watches, and not without anxiety, tho rise of tlio storm wnter* ns alowly, but surely, each day they mnlco headway, fearing lest tliat in one iiverwhelmin? avalanclio thoy may hurst their bounds and carry all beforo them. In June a. man might wado- tho river, were it not for the gruesome thought that under thai cilni, unruillrd nurfneo a hideous crocodile may bo lurking;. SVeep jii", sleeping always, until it scents its prizo, then with n dart magical in its speed, the prey is seized nnd dragged by n triple- row of teeth to bo ground in piece-meal. "If vou'vo nothing. to do this ovening, we'll ride to Thornton and have a gamo of billiard.--," said Sybil to Roycroft. " Is Singleton about V 1 want him to come, too. Sybil was lidi'lg, and had pullnd up i-n front of tin; mill-house, where a gang of Chinese, Malays and .Kanaka!) wire busy feeding tho lollera with cane. " My reason for wanting you to uomo 1 daresay you can easily guoss. You have heard "quito iuillicient last night lo act you wondcrinir, J'vo no doubt. Singluton has also heard part, aud for thia reason I want you both to rido to Tliurntuii with mo. There wo can lmvo a quit t chat ? at, tlio ' pnh ' over'lhe matter, which I don't care about itoinj; here."— {To l>e continue J,) ' 