‘3Cljc Htitatisoi'.” Official Orjan of the Shire of Shepporton 93c ijttgl mu! Jgcii^ Wedxesuay, ICoVEMBEB tTII, 1891. In Tuesday’s Argus, of the 28th ultimo, it is, stated by the Bal larat correspondent’ of that journal that “ an application will shortly be made by some of the local bodies to the Premier for the insertion of a clntisc providing for municipal ties heinj empowered to invest their sinking funds on deposit in chartered banks." This is a step in tlie light direction. _ For the redemption of all municipal loans, except those of Melbourne mid j Geelong. theie is a c'nnpHl-nn/ j annual investment in Victorian j Govinin-nt 4" j» r cent, stock or i-other debentures, to the extent nl ! at least 2 per cent, of each lean. It is ml therefore optional with a municipal body to create a sinking fund by investing in that class nf undoubted security that would pro duce the best rate of interest, and consequently such investors arc often placed at a decided disad vantage in providing n fund for the repayment of their debentures at maturity. In the first place, when they desire to purchase, 4 per cents, may not bo readily procurable at satisfactory prices, while at tho same time bank rales (we refer to associated banks) may be as high as six per cent, per annum. By taking advantage of the bank deposit system, a municipality can instantly procure a bank deposit for the proportion of revenue desired to be set aside as a sinking fund, and in no case will it receive less than 4 per cent, interest. Generally speaking it will be considerably over that figure. It may be urged that a bank deposit receipt does not afford the same guarantee to the debenture holder as an invest ment in Government stock, but when we take into consideration the fact that very large sums of Government moneys are held by the banks of issue, we see no good reason why municipal funds should not be treated in a similar manner. It is not the first time complaints luve been made of the inconveni ence and loss arising to municipal bodies by having to follow the present linrd and fast rule ot creating a sinking fund. We see, therefore, no good reason why our own conncil should not accord this application its hearty support. The speech of Sir Fred. Sargood in the Council has thrown a new and unexpected light on the Elec toral Bill passed by the Legislative Assembly, and now likely to be cast to the winds by the former body. It has been shown that the Cabinet were far from unani mous on the leading principle of the Bill, “ Ono man one vote,’’ nnd most unmistakably the country has gone dead against it. It has been condemned from the South Austra lian border to Croajingolong, and from the Murray to the sea. It may be said, therefore, in rejecting it, the Council will more correctly follow public opinion than the Lower House has done. It is with feelings of gratification we should dwell on possessing a second House so thoroughly in accord with pnblic sentiment. In days gone by the Upper House held hard to its cherished privileges, and sometimes received well-de served censure, but, as present constituted, it may be said to be as truly representative as the House of Assembly itself. In this instance it has acted with good sense, tact, and forbearance. It is hard to reconcile the attitude ot a few of the country representatives who recorded their vote in the interests of the Trades’ Hall party. It is not, however, oar purpose to raise a cry of country against town, nor of farmer against Trades’ Hall, but the dignity of a representative ceases, and his good offices as a delegate are neutralised, when he misrepresents the views of his con stituents on a grave question such as the ” One man one vote.” For anv constituency to tie the hands of its member would be productive of much harm. Great latitude must be. given, sn that he may not be frightened to take a broad and national view of questions of more than merely parochial interest, but where his constituents unmistak ably express their wishes as to how certain measures should be dealt with, it is the duty of a representa tivc to forbear talcing a position antagonistic 10 their views. As regards the “ One man one voto question, we trust wellive indicated sufficiently clearly toMr Hall that it would he to his. interest to have consulted the wishes of his consti tuents before giving his support to a measure that finds so little acceptance with tho majority of the electors of Shepparton and Euroa. Hei.d Oveb.—-Correspondence find other items held over till next issue. SltF.ri'AKTON Voi.UN-TEr.ll Flue Bill uahk.—The ordinary monthly meeting was held in the Station house on Wed nesday evening,CaptninOlcn in the chair. Owing, lio>vevcr. to tho unavoidable absence of ;i number of the ofli.-ers and firemen, the only business done was the reading of the corresjamdence, when the meeting was adjourned till the following Wednesday (to night.) at the same place Gazette Notices. — The Oth of No vember has been proclaimed a public holiday.—Appointments: John Mathie sou, Inspector .of Stock, to be Acting Officer of Customs and Collector of Imposts at Yarrawonga, during tho absence on leave of Mr G. E. Brown Application for licenses approved: Under Section S7 of the Lvnd Act lS'.K), D. El rington, piles, Barmali forest ; under section Oil, do . It L. L iidlaw, Yalca ; Melbourne Chilled Butter Company, la. creamery, Katainatite. Grazing area available — Strathmerton. 111a., for feited :12nd section leasehold of Patrick Fitzgerald. Application for leases ap proved : Elizb. J. Bourchier, nee Car rick, Strathmerton ; Alice Taylor, " a r.anga. Transfers registered : Ellen Mannion, Timothy Mar.nion, and F. Munnion, 010a Or. 39p., Tallvgaroopna, to Matthew Mannion. Bunbartha ; Tims. Law, 77a 3r 97p. Molka, to Michael Kearoy. Moorilim ; Gavin Ilillson, 220a Gowangardie, to .lohn II. Teague, Mel b urne; Elizabeth Hankins (formerly llilson), S2a lr I8p, to George Maiv soti, 82a lr lOp, Gowangardie. to John II. Teague, Melbourne; Thomas Furber, 27a lr. Dunbulbalane, to Leah Furber. administratatrix ; George Wilson, 310a Or 38p, Upotipotpon, to James Gem-mil and William Stacey, executors; Joh.i H. Huberts, junr.. bSSi lr lop, Murchi son, to John 11. Roberts, Uuslnvortb ; David M'Namara, 320a, Yielima, to Patrick M'Nainara and David M‘Xa mara, Shepparton ; Tlieyro Weigall (curator), 53a Or 37p, Cobram, tu Alfred Widgery, Yarrawonga. The annual meeting for the licensing of metioneers will be held at Numurkah on tile 24th inst. The supreme Court sittings will be held at Shepparton on the 2(!cb inst., the General Sessions will be held on 1st December, also County Court. Thu estate of lid ward Jones, of Cobram, licensed wine shop keeper, lias been sequestrated, and a general meeting of creditors will be held at the Insolvency Court Offices, Shepparton, on tho 0th inst., nt 10 a.m. TlIIAJ. OF VlN-EYAltl) A S’11 G.AHOEN I-.ii’i.xiiENTS.—The Iri.tl of the “ Planet ,1.1!.” implciee .t-«, =a announced m n pre vious is-nc, was belli at Mr Mason's on Saturday. Tile at ter.dance wns ir-t so large r.s might have b -n ex | e ! These i-i.pleim-nts are exceedingly light, eon stiuetedof steel tempered in oil, and by m.von of their iueciiinio.1 construction, and attaching various shear blades,'are designed to do almost any kind ot avork in a garden or vineyard. The trials of the several implements gav« great -atisfaction, and proved to those who were sceptical regarding their strength that they could perform all the wort that it was claitnol they could do. Alleged Result ok tub Strike — It was resolved, at the half-yearly meet ing of tile Doveton Woollen Mill Com p* ly on Friday, to empower the direc tors to dispose of tho plant and machin ery at a price which would prove satis factory to the shareholders. This tlecii ion was arrived at mainly owing to tie trouble tho company have had with tlioir weavers, who have been on strife for some weeks past. The coinpaiy value tlioir plant at botweon £900*, and £10,000, several additions linviig recently boon made. The mill is n Ballarat North, and the goods iiiuu factured have always a ready sale. Tie closing of tho mill will cause mudi regret in tho district. IIosriT.it SroitTS.—The arrangemerts made for tho sports to bo held in tie Show grounds on the !)th inst. are, tint the lire boll shall bo rung about !).$0 a.in., as a signal to start tho proccssim from tho Shopparton Bridge. On arrival at the grounds, tho sports will bo proceeded with at once, and tie several events will bo judged by Mosirs Clark, A. B. Mason and D tish. 'Jho high j imping for horses will bo judged by Mr J. Hill of Mooroopna. During tho day the Shopparton Band will phy selections of music, and the public can listen with comfort as seats will be pro vided undor trees and shudo. Refredi ■ meets will bo obtainable. An cntertiin mont will bo held in tho evening wlich will embrace many novel lines. As the prizes arc liberal, and tho object of the sports a deserving one—viz., to provido funds to start tho building of the Hospitkl Shopparton Ward, there is little doubt that tho public will respond liberally, and that a first-class day’s sport will bo tho result. The little pig mit his greasy tail, the tug of war, and 'he high jump for horse*, at the Sports on Monday.—[Advt.] Mr. W. Ball, Surgeon Dentist, intimates that ho will bo in Shopparton on Saturday next, any may be con -ulted at Broad's Coffeo Palace, or Mr Lewis’ Pharmacy from 9 a.in. till 5 p.in. Country Fire Buioades' Board.— The Rodney Shire Council at its last meeting decided to support Mr George M'Crackun, of Shopparton. who is a candidate for a seat on this board. The gold medal recitation competition, the tame tiger, aad local bits, .at the Pub lic Hall, on Monday night, at 8 p.m. Proceeds go to the Hospital.—[Advt.] Daws’ “ Biuoht Lioiits.”—The com pany will appea Daly’s Star Theatre on Monday and Tuesday evenings, when they will give their clever” Comedy Speciality,” to be followed by a musical interlude, and conclude with the pantomime, ‘‘Red Riding Hood,” in which will bo presented a bril iant transformation scene and lime lights This company -comprises Miss Georgie Devoe and Mr Fred. Davys who accom panied Mr Harry Rickards on his tour of Australasia, and played with this popular artist • throughout | liis recent six months’ season at St. George's Hall. Mr John Tudor, the American comedian, and other leading artistes, comprise tho troupe, which is pioleted by Mr J. J. Cameron, who has brought so many first- class companici to this town. ; A Correction.— Mr J. Jeffrey, of: Pine Lodge, desires us to correct a statement which appeared in a former issue, that he is under medical treatment, as he declares he is in first rate health ; nlso, that he was married only one ytar, insteil of two as reported. Death of an Eminent Catholic Clergymen.—We (Wagg/1 Adecrtistr of Thursday) regret to announce the death of tho Rev. Andrew J. Walsh, a Roman Citholic clergyman' of tho Goulburn diocese, formerly stationed at Corowa, which took pi ice at the Australian Hotel, Wagga, at an early hour oil last Tuesday morning from lung disease. The intelli gence of the rev. gentleman's decease having become widely known, a large number of clergymen attended from the surrounding and distant districts to take part in the obsequies. At 10 o'clock yes torday morning a Solemn Requiem Office and High Mass wa3 celebrated at the churcb, there being a very largo congrega tion present. Tho Rev. Father Coleman presided. The chanters were the Revs J. J. Curley an l P. nickey. In the choir were the Rev. Fathers Long (Sydney), It. Slattery (Tuinut), T. J. Carroll (Naran dera), P. J. Donovan'(Gundagi), IS. Butler aud D. Leahy (Cootniriundra), J. -Hen-' nessy (.’onng). and J. Dwyer (Gunning.) The ceremonies were conducted by the Rev J. J. Fogarty,., of _ Wagga.. At .the High Mass the Rev.Father Coleman acted as high priest, tho Rev. Father Dwyer as deacon, and the Eev. Father Slattery ai sub-deacon. The blessing at the catafalque .was pronounced by,the _Yery. .Rev.,Father Gallagher, Diocesan Administrator, and pastor of the Wagga church. The funeral cortege, which was a very lengthy one, left the church at the. close of the ceremonies for the Wagga cemetery, where tin remains of the deceased gentleman were buried at his own request. 'The service'at the grave was conduotjd by tho .Very. Roy. Father Gallagher, assisted by the Rev. Father Fogarty, and the other clergymen pre viously mentioned. “ Something attempted, something done, will earn a night’s repose.”— Attempt and do your best to push on the Sports, tho Art Union, and tho Entertain ment, ou Monday next.—[Advt.] DKrAKTCKEs.—Mr George Hanu, clerk I to Messrs Sutherland and Macfarlane, was tendered a farewell supper on Saturday evening at Mrs Bidding's by a few of his friends. Mr Hann’s health wns proposed in a neat and felicitous spaech by Mr Knight, and Be vera l of the company joined iu expressing regret at his severing his connection with Shepparton. Mr Hann made an exceedingly humorous response, and the remainder of the evening was passed in a very enjoyable manner. Mr llunn has accepted an engagement at HorshatiL A few evenings previously Mr S. Hosegood, drapernt Mr Geddes’, was the recipient of a similar firewell, prior to his going to Melbourne, wdiere he is about to ’ embark in business for himself. j Do you want to have Hospital patients under a tent in tho broiling heat of sum mer ? If not, patronise the Sports ou Monday.—[Advt.] Sheep Silk.—Messrs J. M’Namnrannd Co, in conjunction with the Murray diver .Stock, Station and Commission Agency Co. Limited, will hold an important sale of sheep at the Shepparton Corporation Yards, ou the 10th inst. See advertise KNaiNUEits, Ere.—Messrs X.-S. Bartlett aud Co., engineers, surveyors, architects, etc., announce that they are in a position to execute any ordets with which they 1 are entrusted. Their address is Main l street. Mooroopna. The fire bell rings at 10 a.m. on Mon ' day, the band plays, the procession moves ! form the bridge and the ghost begius to ■ walk.—[Advt.] 