A Lively Guest. " Tes," said the night c'erk of the Golden E igle, " you aee some mighty queer kind of people in thiB business, for R fact." ' " Don't say ?" we replied with interest, inasmuch as even the reminiscenced of a night clerk as a mitigation of boredom of a temporary sojourn in Sacramento was " better than nothing," as the Baptist old lady said when her pastor informed her that the Methodists would be sent to Hades for 1000 years any way. * " When people go off travelling they act different from what they do at home," con- tinued the N. 0. thoughtfully. " You don't notice it so much in the day time. You've got to be on the night watch to see guests get off the reservation and hare a ghost dance." " Do, eh ?" " That's whit. i"r instance, there was a tall, thin, kinder sad-looking chap put up here about three weeks ago, who was a high roller from 'way back. The very first night he got out on the Bad Lands and came back shouting. It took two porters and all the bell boys to get him upstairs to bed. The next night b$ went out to a chicken fight and licked a couple of haokmen on the way home. He was pretty warm, I tell you," "Eather." " The next night-it was 1 a.m.-he carne in loaded, as usual. There was a theatrical troupe in town, and two of tho actresses were about retiring as he passed upstairs whooping like a lot of Sioux chasing a sutler's waggon. He rapped on the actresses' door, and as they wouldn't open it, of course, he, blew cigarette smoke through the keyhole and yelled « Pire !' " " Made a panic, didn't it ?" "That's no word for it. Looked like a sheet and pillow-case . party in an insane asylum. "We read the riot act then, but he put up a warm talk with the proprietor and squared it somehow. He was a velvet talker as sure as you're bom. The ni^ht after that he coaxed me into a dice game and skinned a hundred and sixty outer me quick'n a wink." " Made his expenses, eh ?" " Exactly. Well, the next morning he came down with his head swelled and his grip packed. He said he hated to leave us, as he'd had such a quiet, pleasant, genial sort of time, but duty called him, and he must away. So I made out his bill." " Made it pretty large, too, didn't you ?" "'Bout the usual-but wait. I handed him his account, and what do you think he said ?" " Can't imagine." " Why, he said, ' Great Scott ! don't you make a reduction to clergymen ?' " 