HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST, On the night of October 87th, 1843, the good ship <' Mary Compton,'* of Bristol, England, was struggling with a fearful gale •>£ the cost of North America. The wind.blew furiously,.but tbe weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sights of the light in the lighthouse on tbe Iron Rock Shoals. Tbe lighthouse marked tbe entrance to the harbour, -Once there, and the} were safe. Sure of his position, be sailed on con fidently. Five minutes later-the -ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. Feur men including the Captain were saved, Oa reaohiug the shore: they .found a strange thing-bad happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper bad bound him hand and foot and extinguished the Hgbt. Souls, as well as ships, steer by tbe lights. Hope is tbe most important lighthouse in tbe world (Vliat shall be said of tbe man who darkens it in tbe face of a etornntossed spirit ? u Yov are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a women who had come to oonsult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong and in any case he bed no business to put out the light. This woman bad been,iU for some time. In June, 1889\. she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head whirled " and " she said, " all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. Sae broke out in a sweat altheugli cold as death. A dreadful oougb racked her fame so that sheoould not lie down in bed and sleep. " I could scaroely crawl about the house," she says, " 1 was so weak, I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I want to the Dispensary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me tbe worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed you some medicine; you can take it or leave it' I took it for three weekn, then gave up in despair. "I talked with two other physicians The last one said, ' You ate past human aid,.' "My heart tank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried tili I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost t My mother came to see me but did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ale anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced vomiting, and what I threw up was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morniog and scarcely got rest from it untill Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill in East Street, Leeds (.where I live), had been cured by Mother Seieel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesion's, the Chemist iu Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting and by degrees from day to day I felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished tlie second bottle I had got over my ba 1 symptoms, and was fast getting my strength back I am now (April, 1890), in better health tbaa ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup aooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at .last, and it cured roe, bad off as I was. All my friends and neigh boars know tbe facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of inquiry." (Signed), Mrs Ann Mills, 40 Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs Mills would have had no tale to tell, Siiedid wrong to wait one hour lor any reaton after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. 