jatea ffitrt $MtlMzfl [KOW «TUST PUBLISHED.] THE HEIR P¥ESUMPTIVE AND THE HEIR APPARENT. BY MRS. OLIPHANT, Author of " The Son of Iiis Father," " Sir Tom," "The Chronicles of Carlingford," "Neighbours on the Green," "Oliver's Bride?' Sx., tx., [ALL, EIGHTS RESERVED.] CHATTER XXXIX. Mara Hincas continued ween alter ween, never violent, but never ending. Ile woe not very ill, but his life was being slowly drained away. Tile fire of thc fever was low, not a great flame, biasing and devouring, but it went on and on. Tile third week passed, and thc fourth, with renewed and disappointed expectations of a change, but none came. "It will run out the six weeks," said thc doctor. " And then-?" Ah, who could say. The good doctor, who had taken care of Mar. all his life, turned away from thc question. "Itali depends uponhisstrength," he said. His strength I but he had no strength. He was as weak as a child. Thc nurse lifted him in her anns like an infant a skeleton, with long, long limbs. It seemed a farce to speak of his strength, us if there was any hope in that. Duke liad gone away before this lime-his leave had come to an end, and lie had been allowed to como in and say good-bye to bis cousin. " I thought you would have been up and about before I went," said Duke, blustering a little to keep himself from crying. " You are a lazy beggar, to bc lying there with nothing the matter. I don't think there's anything tho matter with you. Von just like to lie there and keep us all slaving attendance. You know you were always a lazy beggar." Mar. did nothing but smile, as be bad always done at Duke's jokes-which were not great jokes. Ho said "Is your leave over?" with bis faint voice. " lint you could have a day or two again if I sent for you, Duke ?" "Oh, yes,' said Duke, "you must send for mc the first time you are allowed to get out, to help you downstairs. I'll come, never fear." But after a little more of this tearful smiling talk, thc young man beckoned softly to the nursing sister to come with him to thc door. " What do you think he means about sending for me ?" he said, with a face almost as pale as Mar's. Thc nurse looked at him and shook her head. She too had grown to like the patient boy. She put up lier hand to her eyes to dash away the rising tears. " He must not see that I have been crying,'.' she said. "Is that what he means? Do you think tliat's what he means? And do you think so . too ?" cried Duke. " Oh, don't say so, nurse, I don't say so ; it would break my heart." [ " I won't say so," she replied. " I think j with such a young thing as that there is i alwayB hope." "And you know a lot," said Duke, "as l much as thc doctor. God bless you for saying j so ! But yon think that is what he means ? And he lies there-and smiles-and thinks of tliat," said thc young man, with Iiis face full of awe. Ho Bet out in all the vigour of, his young life in thc brightness of the summer ¡ day to his light work and boundless amuse- ¡ ment with all thc world before him-and Mar. ; lying there, smiling, thinking of that. Duke felt as if his on n lightly beating heart stood \ still in the poignancy of thc contrast. Oh, ; why could not he give some of his life to help ? out that flickering existence? He went away ! feeling that there was a pall over tho sunshine, and that nothing would ever be truly bright | again. But to bc sure that was a mood that j could not last. . Mrs. Parke had given orders at first that I thc girls were not to go near thc sick room, ! but slie had not thought then how long it would go on, an endless dreadful ordeal. And when they stole in, now Letty, now Tiny, their mother cither did not find it out or made no remark. Letitia during all this time of suspense was of a very strange aspect-her husband and her children did not know what to make of her. She talked very little to them ; did not interfere with their pursuits as she usually did. She seemed to care for nothing. Naturally there were no guests or entertainments of an}' kind, and lier interest in her household affair«-which was usually BO minute and unending seemed to have faded altogether. She wrote no letters, made no calls, her social life seemed to come to an cud. She did not even go to church, which was a habit she had always kept up rigorously. Three or four times a day she went to thc sick room for news of thc patient, and it was there alone that she seemed to wake up completely. She put thc nurses through a catechism of questions. She attended upon thc doctor when he came, and listened to everything he said and that was said to him with a hungry curiosity. Her countenance did not vary or betray it. It was known that she was " over anxious," that she had always taken a despairing view. When he was pronounced to be a little better there was a little quiver of her head, like au unspoken contradiction ; and when he was a little worse n sort of assenting gleam came into her eyes. Thc nurses did not like her, and answered her questions as briefly as possible. Her determi- nation that everything must go badly irritated thc women, who hod a natural confidence in themselves und in what their nursing could do, and they both believed that she was more satisfied when thc news was bad than when it was good. " She's not like his mother," they said between themselves, " and she's fixed in her mind from thc first that this is how it's to be-as some people would rather see their mother die than be proved wrong in their opinion." They thought no worse of her than this. As a matter of fact Letitia was very unhappy during this long suspcuce. She had never anticipated anything of the kind. What she liad expected was all illness which would last perhaps a woek, and this long lingering malady confounded and exasperated her. She was angry with poor Mar. for being so long about deciding what to do, and with the doctor who would not say nnything definite, and the nurses whose opinions wavered from hour to hour. " How i» a person to tell when you are never in the same mind from one hour to another?'' sha said with the resentment of highly excited nerves. She was strung to the very highest pitch, thinking of notmng else, longing for a crisis, that she might know what she lind to look for. She was never at rest for a moment whatever she was doing, but kept always listening, always intent. Every step thnt approached she thought was some one come to call her, to tell her there was a change. She dropped her work uptfn her knee, or let her pen fall, to listen for every sound that arose. On the critical day of each week when a crisis might bc expected she wns so restless that she could not keep still. " My wife is so anxious,1' John said, trying to persuade himself thathor anxiety was the natural anxiety, the desire that thc patient should get well. That anxiety is terrible enough as most know : bul tile oilier anxiety, the horrible watch wltiuh in for the patient getting worse, the longing for " a change" in the worst neate-u change that meant death, how horrible is Unit, beyond all description ! When she talked at nil she talked of his symptoms anil of what thc iiighl nurse said, anti what thc other said. Thc nurses took different sides os wae natural. One of them was pessimist, the other took thc doctor's view. It wau the night nurse that wus thc gloomy one- and with lier Mrs. Parke wan ill thc habit of having a long consultation very early when elie was relieved in the morning-a consultation from which she derived a little satisfaction und which calmed her nervous excitement. But the day nurse with thc cheerful look, who always insisted that thc patient was it little better, or looked a little brighter, or had a little more strength, or at ull events was " no worse," brought back the nervous excitement which was like a fire hi her veins. The fifth week had begun, end the .night of life and death on the boy's wasted frame was becoming every hour more intense. Would bis strength hold out ?" He has no strength," said the night nurse. " J feel every hour as if from minute to minute the collapse must come." "I don't say he isn't very weak," said the more cheerful sister, " hut you never can tell with a delicate lioy like that how strong the constitution may be. Sometimes its like iron and steel, and yet no appearance-" The doctor stood und looked at the worn young countenance upon the pillow. Mar. hod scarcely strength to open his eyes, to respond to the doctor's inquiries and acknow- ledge the stir of his morning visit. There was a faint smile upon his face, and sometimes a wistful look round upon the group about his bed, moving slowly from one to anothor. His mind had never been affected. Sometimes he lay as if in a dream, hut when recalled was " always himself" the nurse said, " and that is surely a good sign." Dr. Barker did not deny that it was a good sign, but he looked graver than ever. Letitia devoured him with eager eyes when they stood face to face outside thc sick room. " What do you think, doctor ?" she said. " I have told you a hundred times what I think," he replied, with the petulance of distress. " I cannot form a new opinion every hour. If his strength holds out he will do well. All depends upon that. I suppose," he added hastily, *' his motlier has been kept informed. " "His mother-what does she care?" said Letitia in her excitement. " It is a great thing to us, hut it is nothing to her." " Yes, I can sec it is a irreat thing to you," he answered, with a clouded countenance. " But she has been told I suppose." "Oh, what Aoes it matter? What does it matter?" Letitia said within herself in the misery of her suspense. But she wrung her hands till they hurt lier, and controlled herself. " I believe uews has been sent," she said. " But thar- is not enough," said the doctor, glad ou his side to hare some reason to find fault, to relieve his own brain and heart with an outburst. " She mnst bc told that his state is very serious. She must he made to know-" " Thea you think his state is very serious?" said Letitia, with a kind of wildness of concealed exultation in her eyes. "Have I ever said otherwise?" said the doctor. "Can anyone look at him and not see that?-very grave, but not hopeless, Mrs. Parke. You will never get me to say more." " It is only because 1 want to know the truth," she said, abashed. "I will never tell you anything but the truth. The mother ought to know. However indifferent she may bc there must be some human feeling felt. I remember her as a very street woman. And then there was thc aunt who was devoted to tho boy." " You speak as if there was but one," said Letitia, with a forced smile. " Oh, I do not overlook your anxiety, Mrs. Parke ! No doubt it is very great- but thc other ladies must be told. Tell them-" Thc doctor paused when bi saw her hungry look. It flashed iuto her face that now she would hear the exact truth how much there was to fear and how much to hope. She looked at hun as he paused, clasping her hands tight. " Yes ?" she said, breathless. Thc doctor, it was evident, had thought better of what he was going to say. "Tell them, he said, "that the circum- stances arc serious : that there is an absence of certain of the worse symptoms-but again that the matter is grave. Itali depends on bow his strength keeps up. And that in the Eresent position of affairs I think they should e here. " You think they should be here," Letitia repeated breathlessly. It seemed to her the most satisfactory utterance she had yet heard. ' ' Yes, it would be an ease to y our own mind to have his nearest relatives ou tho spot. They would share your anxiety at least-and it is not as if there was any want of room. They should have beenhcreat once-toprevent reflections in case anything should happen." A lightning gleam seemed to come out of Letitia s eyes-like that electrical flash which the doctor had thought scorched him when Mar's illness began. "Then you think-" she said with a heaving of her breast. " I think no more than what I have said : but to have Lady Frogmore here and Miss HiU would in any case bc best" Letitia repeated " Lady Frogmore" uncon- sciously uuder her breath. It was not of Mary she was thinking. It was of thc next bearer of that title, the woman towards whom thc coronet was floating ghost-like in a sort of trail of cloud. "I can't believe," said the doctor sharply, " that Lady Frogmore will bc so indifferent as is said to tuc condition of her son." Letitia went to her writing table when he was gono with a strange buoyancy. She hod not writ ten any letters for some time, but there was a sort of exultation in her now, as if the end of her suspense was near. John came itt when she liad scated herself and begun her letter. He had missed the doctor and was anxious to hear what he had said. There was something in his wife's aspect which startled him. "The boy is better?" he exclaimed. He eave her i'i the impulse of the moment a credit which she did not deserve. " Is he ?" cried Letitia, turning round upon her chair with all the colour going out of lier face. She added tremblingly, shrinking from her husband's eye, "Do you mean that there is a change ?'' | "I thought so," he said gravely, " from the relieved look in your fuce." They contemplated each other for a moment in silence, John with pain and distress, she shrinking a little from his eye. " I don't know what you mean," she said ; "though I might bc relieved to think that thc poor child will not stiller much longer. I am to write to his mother, thc doctor says." " To write to his mother ! Then he has given np all hope ?" Letitia did not trust herself to speak, but she nodded her head in assent. " Poor boy, poor boy !" cried John ; " and tioor Mary," he added after a moment, with a iroken voice. " It will bc nothing to her," said Mrs. Parke briefly. "God knows?it may louee lier to under- stand what she's losing : thc finest, promising hoy, the most generous and patient-" "Oh, John, I cannot put up with you?" cried Letitia, wild with agitation and excitement. " The one creature that stood hetween your son and his birthright-between you and everything you have looked for all your life." John Parke walked about thc room in an agitation which wns not simple os his emotions generally were. His heart was wrung for the patient boy who had grown up under his eye nut perhaps to forget all that this boy's death would bring him was impossible. He stamped his foot on thc ground as if to crush those horrible thoughts that would arise. "If I could buy little Alar's life with thc sacrifice of everything ?" he said, with an almost hysterical break in his voice " It is easy saying BO," she said ; " but for my pai l Duke is more to mc than Mar !" ClIAI'TElt XL. "Then, I suppose, there is scarcely any hope," said Mr. Blotting, thc only executor who had come over to inquire after the patient. Thc country altogether waa moved for poor Mar. People who had never seen thc boy sent daily in inquire lifter him, and tile farmers, who had cheered his speech, talked of him and shook their h cad 8 as they met on their market days. " There was no stuff in him," they said; "all spirit, und nothing to ballast it." "No constitution from Tiis cradle." And they began to speculate on what kind of landlord John Pal kc would bc when he acted for himself with full power. They ull gave a regret to the boy ; hut that was tho most important question after all. John Parke hwl not, however, waited, as his wife suggested, to take measures to amend tho cottages, where Mar. had got whnt was probably to bc his death, and it was while they were walking across thc park to inspect thc miserable little hamlet which was close to one of the gatea that Mr. Blotting had sup- posed that there was scarcely any nope. " My wife has been told to write for his mother," said John, very seriously. " Barker would not take such a step as timi, in thc circumstances, if he did not think it was coming very near." " Poor Lady Frogmore," said Mr. Blotting, " perhaps it's better for her, poor thing, now that she has known so little about him though so unnatural for a mother. " "1 wonder," said John, "whether this blow may not stir everything up and awaken her when its too late." " It's to be hoped not, now," said Mr. Blotting, " poor lady !" And he added after a pause, "It will make a great change in your position, Parke. It may bc bsd taste talking of it-but wc can't help thinking. It must bc in your mind os it is in mine." " I try not to think at all,'' said John ; "it's horrible. If I could buy back thc boy's life by any sacrifice-" " I know, I know," said the man of business, " that's how one feels. But you can't of course. It's far beyond your hands. And if you throw back your thoughts, it was a great disappointment when this poor boy was born. I felt it for one. I left for you and Mrs. Parke deeply. It couldn't hare been expected of a man like your brother, au old man who iiad never thought of marrying. It was a cruel deception. 1 can suppose that thc poor hoy had very engaging qualities, but it seemed a cruel business at thc time-" "It did, it did," said Joint. "My wife felt it very much. It was she who brought Maty, the present Lady Frogmore, into thc family so lo speak-and she did feel it perhaps more than she ought." "Not more," said Mr. Blotting; "il wus very natural, I'm sure. Well, it is an ill wind that blows nobody good, and you will at least get book your rights. What will you do about those houses whey they full in. Parke ? Of coarse you can always command my best advice, but it will make a great difference when I have no authority in the matter, and you arc acting altogether for your- self-" " Don't speak of it, Blotting. I can't enter on such a question. So long as there is life there is hope." But John Parke would have been more than man if he had not allowed a thought or two to surprise him in this kind. He hated him- self, but bc could not help it : that all tins would be hie, absolutely his, which he had been managing for another ; that he should be able to act independently, to think of the children's interests without any responsibility or restraint was a wondertul thought. Poor little Mar ! If he could redeem his young life by any sacrifice! But he could not do that. Not all thc lands attached to the Frog- more peerage, or all belonging to the British crown could have any effect upon the disposi- tion of thc Supreme Disposer of events. John acquiesced in this certainty with a sigh ; and then he thought-how could he help thinking?-of what, when he was a free agent, he would do. Thc cottages were a very picturesque group of red roofs and antiquated brickworks, situated picturesquely among a clump of trees. It was a thousand pities to pull them down or do anything to them. They were always thc first sketch made by every amateur artist who visited thc neighbourhood, and they figured two or three times in thc Academy every year under the title of "A picturesque nook," "Tlie homes of our forefathers," "A hamlet in Blunkshirc," kc. A rumour had been spread about in thc neighbourhood that thc cottages of Westgate were to be destroyed, and naturally the cottagers were up in arms. As Mr. Parke and Mr. Blotting were seen approaching, first one head and then another were seen ac thc doors, and finally a very old woolan, beut halfdouble with rheumatism, and with a head continually moving with thc tremble of palsy, came out from one of thc houses and confronted thc gentleman. " You ain't a-going to do away with thc cottages ; now don't ye say so," she said, following them wherever they Ment, keeping between tjicm and thc houses, ns though her feeble guardianship could have done anything. "Oh, deane, dearie! Gentlemen, dont meddle with the old places ; they'll tumble soon enough of themselves. Oh, don't ye touch the cottages, gentlemen !" she said. "Ii wc do anything to tile cottages wc'l' build you new ones, and far better than these, with every convenience," said Mr. Blotting, to whom thc picturesque told for nothing, and who would rather have had water laid on titan all thc red roofs in the world. "Wc don't want no convonvienees," said thc old woman. " Wc 'as what suits us, and we don't want nothiu' more. And what's it all for, gentlemen, os you're a-pttUing of us down ? Because thc young lord drinked a lot of water when he didn't ought to, when he was all in a sweat with his walk ? I told 'im not to, and I'd make him u cup of tea. But the yoting oues they never payed no.tttention. And oh, my good gentlemen, what's all thc fuss about thc yoting lord ? He was one ns was born to die, he was. Does any of our lads die of thc water, them os drinks it every day ? No, nor lasses either. They's used to it, and they's strong nnd well and plenty of air all their lives, and nothiu' goes amiss with 'em. But yon young lord he's us weakly as a lamb in February. Just to look at his long thin legs, and his white face, and you'd see títere was nought that was solid in him. Don't you go and judge what's good for us by 'im. \\\ hy, that one would ne'er have had no Btrcngtii not if he'd been born und bred nt Westgate. It wasn't in 'im, and if it hadn't been one thing it would have been another. He was born to die, was that young lord. There was his mother afore him that wasdruv crazed by that totherlady as madeu fuss about the baby coming. Lord, just think what a woman to have a baby ns couldn't give her answer back, but went mad when she was talked to ! I was at thc Park at thc time. I was in thc laundry, and there wasn't one of us servants that didn't know." " What does she mean ?" said John. " Nothing, I should say," cried Mr. Blot- ting. " Come, old lady, you've given no reason why wc shouldn't pull down your old rookeries that are dull of damp and dirt and the rot and mildew. Why, it would be far more comfortable for yourselves. You would bc ten times better." " Dirt yourself, mister," cried thc old woman in high indignation, " unless it's Sally Brown's, the woman at the corner, as isn't true Westgate, there ain't no dirt more titan's natural. And as for thc yoting lord, you was always told as you'd never rare him. And no more you haven't, and as for it's being our well, as we drinks every day, it's none of our well. And you just let us alone, mister ! She turned instinctively to Mr. Blotting, as to thc inferior person of the two, alt hough, old and nearly blind, she did not recognise John. " What's that story about the lady," he said. The old woman glared nt him with her bleared eyes. " You jest let our cottages alone, young gentleman,'' she said. " It's not so easy as you think to mend matters," said Mr. Blotting. " I could have told you that. You'd better build your new cottages first, and turn than into them before you pull down thc old huts." " And let them die of typhoid ht thc mean- time like my poor boy." " Well, if they will they will-and it's not you nor mc that will stop them," said Blotting, who in tile way of tenants great and small was no optimist. '"They don't cure for your conveniences or for what means health to others-but if there's any money going they would like their slinrc of that." John had tossed half-a-erown into thc old woman's hand, who caught it wich marvellous cleverness, considering her bad sight and ilottbied-up figure, and he had not patience or tranquillity to do more. " We can semi the surveyor," he said, "for see, I can't bc long absent without thinking something must have happened while I've been away. Let's go home. " Letitia wrote her letter, not to Mary but to Agues-though she had a much stronger aversion to Agnes than to her sister. It was short, guarded, telling merely thc {act of Mar's illness, that it ms very serious, that he was attended by two trained hospital nurses and under the special care of Dr. Barker, and that everything was done that could be done for bim. She added no invitation. "The doctor wishes me to write," she said, " as'he thinltBit is very serious- andifanythingfurther happens I will let you know. Of course you will use your discretion as to whether you communicate this to Mary or not. Probably shu will not mind much-which will save ber a great deal of grief, poor soul, in case things should turu out badly. Bc seems to have caught this fever tho day you went away in such a hurry. He deserted us all and strolled off by himself into thc park, and wore himself out. You will know best whether you said anything to tko boy to upset him. He and asked for some water which was givon him from their well. Dr. Barker says this is quite enough to account for it. It is a relief to roe amidst all om- trouble that he did not gut it from anything in my house." And she ended by repeating her promise to write again if there was "any change." Letitia felt that she could now say "my house" without hesitation. It was os good as her house now -her great restlessness was calmed down. She went on and wrote a number of letters telling thc sad circuinstauecs to her habitual correspondents, whom she informed that her poor young nephew Lord Frogmore was lying dying, with a great deal of emotion. She wrote very affectionately of Mar. It wus easy now to say tliat ho was a dear boy, though ulwuys very delicate and never able to do the things that the other boys did. " But he has twined himself very much round all our hearts," wrote Letitia, "and I don't know how to console the children who adore him." feeling in tho certainty that Mar. was going to die. For thc first time since she had known she completely approved of Mar. It was a sad thing no doubt, but it was for the best. He uever could havo becu able to enjoy life thc best that could have been looked for, for bim would have been an invalid existence, never to be depended upon : and he was such a good boy, so well prepared, looking forward to his release with such resignation and piety. Letitia almost made herself cry, she guvesnch a touching account of Mar. When she completed those letters she felt more calm than she had done for many a day. The feeling of suspense was gone. The doctor she felt assured would never have said so much if there bad been any hope left. And now she could permit herself to entertain these thoughts which had visited her at intervals for years, and which she had not permitted to dwell in her mind, thoughts captivating and attractive, of all thc changes she would make and all the things she would do when she came into her kingdom. There were certain improvements to be made in this very house which she had always wanted, which she decided upon thc very first time she ever came to tlie Park, while old Frogmore was still master of ali. She had said to John ou that occasion (though she was not much more than a bride at the time), " I shall chango all the east wing and turn the library into a second drawing-room when we are here." John had bidden lier hold lier tongue, and asked how she knew they would ever bc there? Frog- more, who was so strong, would probably outlive him, John said. But Mrs. John was sure that she knew better. And now how much had happened ! It had seemed all to float from them and become impossible, and then again it bad returned again to possibility, and now it was nearly come to pass-. Very nearly ! It was only a question of time now. Ten days or so and everything would be settled-at the furthest; if it was possible that he could hold out so long. She indulged herself by thinking it all out how she could make those alterations. Many a time had thc vision drifted across her eyes, but Bbc never allowed herself to caress and indulge that vision. She thought not only of the alterations, lint of a thousand things besides. SPlic position would be so different. No critical observers to remark on what she did ; it would bc her own to do what she pleased. No narrowness of money to prevent this ano that, to drive her into half measures and improvement** incomplete. What she did she could do with confidence, knowing that when John's time was over (Letitia did not think that her own time might bc ever), lier son would come after him. Everything would become legitimate and natural from thc moment that this poor boy was mercifully removed to a better world. It would bc better, far better for him : for he never could have had but a w retched invalid life in this world. And for everybody ebie bow much better. The children would nil have their rights-the privileges which Mary Hill had token froui them when she married old Frog- more. To have an Honourable to their name 1 would bc an advantage even ' for thc girls. And their way of life would bc so changed. Letitia went about thc house lightly with a chauged countenance. Her suspense seemed over. It was not that thc doctor had said anything more than he Kail said over and over again ; but she took it in a different way. Her mind was at rest. She spoke quietly to the people whom she saw, of the great sorrow that was lunging over the house. There was no doubt, and no pretence at any hope in her tones. Her confidence' was extraordinary, as had been the rage of her suspense a little time before. She allowed herself to talk to John of the things that would have to bc done, and he did not stop her. He said nothing himself, but he did not refuse to listen to her. Her certainty as to their changed positions impressed her husband with a sensation of certainty toe. She had always been in thc right, and there seemed no reason for doubting her now. Thu conviction was wrought in John's mind with a real sorrow for the dying boy. Poor Mar ! To purchase advantage by thc sacrifice of that innocent life was bitter to, John-he still said to himself; and if by any effort of his he could save thc poor child's life ! -hut what could his efforts do when thc doctors had given him np? And no doubt Letitia was right, and it became them to realise their position. Hu allowed himself to think of thc alterations too. And meantime Mar. lay in a strange | confusion, his faculties all dulled with his, favor, thc burning hours going over bim, so that lie knew not night from day, with kind i hands ministering to him-but only thc hands of st rangers-mid thc minds of ali about him gradually turning to a consideration of thc life and the world beyond, hi which he should have no part. There he lay, always patient, smiling still when he was roused from his stupor, drifting nn to thc end. Sho could say this without .ivid {To ht amtinned.) 