FAREWELL OF REV. W. J. MAYERS. On Sunday morning, July 12, the Rev. W. J, Mayers preached a farewell sermon at the Baptist Church, Tynte-street, the church being well filled. The sermon was an impressive one in simple language (so that children present might understand), from John xxi. 12, and following verses, and given in an illustrative, homely style, that brought the Ecene clcarly before the minds of the hearers. The subject was Christ's meeting and dining with his disciples at the sea shore— 1 Jesus saith unto them, come and dine.' Three times the disciples were tc.ld to viBit Galilee— in the upper room, by the angels to the women, and by Jesus to the women by the way. It was natural for Jesus to go with His disciples to old scencs. They did not go to Galilee at once, but seem each t'j have taken his own way, so that the meeting at the lake may have been a casual one. When Peter says ' I go a tiBhing,' it may be that the others joined as having nothing better to do. This meeting was illustrative of God's providence. We seem almost to have forgotten the old-fashioned doctrine of God's providence in little things, Christ was a morning visitor by the side of the lake, and the meal prepared was a welcome one. After their toil ail night, Christ met them weary and disheartened, and gave them success. He provided the welcome charcoal fire and the fishes for the morning meil. The meeting was timely—a quiet glory rests upon the scene. Then they had-an after breakfast service. How memorable would be the occasion to Peter 1 1\. Whom Christ loves he visits. Don't say that you are all alone in this dark world. Whom Christ loves He visits. Whom Christ loves He never leaves alone. How different these men were. Men with differences of character often work beat together. The carpenter doesn't make both ends of his board exactly the same when he wants to fit them together. Peter was sturdy and strong ; but they were' not all like Peter, and it would be a very .poor church where all were, like Peter. Then there was uncertain Thcmas, one who must see and know for himself. But his was honest doubt, which gave way before good evi- dence. There is very 1 tttie such honest doubt now-adays. Then there were gentle John, intelligent Andrew, prudent James, and the unknown two. But the love of Jesus embraced all these, and He needed all. What would be their thoughts of Christ and His of them ? It was a morning visit, and a timely viBit, for Christ came to them just at the right moment. Oh, blessed morning that in which Christ comeB to us and we are able to say, ' It is the Lor V Then again it was an unexpected visit. We read in a certain place of some who were looking for and expecting the Lord. Shame to us if Christ's visits are unexpected. His wori is—' I will come again.' There are some who abuse the drctrina of tne Loid's second coming tj such an extent that i.thers are led to say— ' If that's what it means, then I will have none of it ; but there is no more preci- us truth iu the Bible. What a difference it would make in our daily lives if we expected His coming ? Do you know about Christ's morning calls? It is one of the choicest of Hi9 blessings. 2\. Whom He visits, lie feeds. After toiling hard all night, they needed food. Perhaps they may have gone on the sea. because they wtrchungry. Food iB always sweet when earned. The best sauce is hunger. They had toiled in vain, though th' y had tried all the old places ; tried all their old knacks, and in the night time when the fish all come out from their hiding places. But their cffjrts were without success till Christ ciim». Christ provided the food for the meal. He had been up before them ; had gathered the wood, lit the fire, and laid the ifishes (hereon, then sat around the fire, perhaps on logs of wood, and a'e their meal in silence. Yon know the Scriptural meaning of this: If you are Christian feed on Christ fool. As children we may have wanted food not goid for us. There is much dainty food about, with which some would try iu vain to build up Chiistian character. Old d : vines were given to spiritualii-ing very largely, and called the tire the emblem of the Holy Ghost, and the food the Word which He prepares for the nourishment cf Christans. 3\. Whom Christ feeds He questions. Here i-< true communion:* (#) Conscience is exercised, (h) faith is tailed out. Only let Him put the question. Yet how tender he is 1 He does not question Peter when he is tirtd and disheartened, but after being warmed and fed, and when the homely feeling hps bpen aroused. 4 8imoni' (how familiar the sound I A thousand memories come back to his mind with that word) ' lovest thou Me.' ' You said you did.' Peter would remember how he hadbatiavid his Lord. We must see and be fed by Jesus to be Chri-tians. Some are very n-JioiouB, but they are not Christians, Nothing short of personal contact with Christ can give life eternal. ' He that hath the Son hath life.' Why did Christ ask Peter 4 lovest thou Me?' Was it not because it was the uoint where he wouM be most likely to fail 1 Not ' Bclievest thou Mel' Many have hope and joy. but m.tlove. Do we put Christ first. We know What human love is; how in this cold world it warms and cherts us. This also heightens our view of Christ's character. The glory of heaven and the love of nngi Is were not enough ; but He asks our love, and is not content without it. Love also prepares~us for Christ's service, and makes us ready to do anything for Hiin, 4\. Whom Christ questions he commands and honors. ' I£ you love me, show it.' He says, ' Feed my lambs.' Love must be proved. Peter fed the lambs in the early days of his teaching. He fed the sheet) by the words of his Epistles. Don't say, 'I'll be a preacher,' and neglect opportunity to lead. Don't want to go out as a missionary, if you are not first prepared to g6 and visit some poor old woman who is sick in bed. Let Christ choose your service. Love may be sorely tried. It is an honor to die for Christ, Thus Christ told Peter that he should die for Him. , In. conclusion, Mr. Mayers attributed the warmth of his reception in this colony to the fact of the upspringing of love in the hearts of those Chistians with whom he had come in contact, and who by it have been constrained to help in the work of Dr- Barnado in feeding some of Christ's lambs, and in taking the thorns and briars from their path. 