Topics. Sm Henry Parkes's letter to the President of the Pastoralists' Union was eminently well written for its dual purpose of placating the Labour Party and of inducing the squattooraoy to decline -to endorse the stuck-up bumptiosit of oook-a-huop Whiteley King. If, however, it be tho Premier's duty to seek by epistolary means to reduoe; 'big head ' wherever it makes its appearance in monopolistic oiroles, he'll have Mb pen hand pretly/ f nil— and no error. .? .t ?????? .-.~- ? ?? * # Willis is parliamentary bore, par excellence. Leather-lunged, morally pachydermatous, turbid as to tho gruel he calls his brains, when he onhitohes his jaw and lets her went he is a terror — he is a thousand times more nnisunneful than Crick, who reallv has snlendid abilities — a million fold worse than A. G. Taylor, who, when sober, was always a power in the Assembly. We never listen to Willis or read his Truth (so oalled on the litcus anon lucendo principle) without resenting the mild methods of a Liberty that permits such mis chievous rot as his speeohes and its artioles to poisonously fume on, to the irritation and in dignation of all that is decent and selfrespect We don't believe in Second, or Upper, Chambers of Parliament, whether they be hereditary, eleotive or nominee, since we are convinced that history has proved beyond* a doubt that an Other House is even as a fifth wheel to a ooaoh. But, in view of the present oonditiou ;of public affairs, we rejoioe that the Legislative Counoil is 'swamp '-able, since in the fact of its being bo lies tho potentiality of freedom from a disastrous deadlock betwixt Houses claiming co-ordinate powers. 4 For Parramatta (or other similarly-sized oity) to endue herself with a Building, Im provement Act fixed up for metropolitan re quirements would be as though a child of six years old were to insist on wearing his or her parent's garments, wholly irrespective of .the fact of their being a mile too wide for its puny limbs. The coming Local Self- Government Aot ought to contain adequate provisons in the matter of building improvements, etc Short and sweet was the connection betwixt the Mercury and Mr. Hazelgrove whom our contemporary had '? beslobbered' in anticipa tion — quite too prematurely ! One would have thought that a journal conduoted on ' light ning' principles would have known that it isn't biz to holler before one is out of the — hazel grove. Mr. H. has our sincere congratu lations. Cyrus-e-fulleresque, whether written or spoken, is ever almost insufferably dreary weary stuff, even when published concerning some matter actually to hand. Only try to imagine, therefore, how beyond measure insupportable it will be when devoted to re-hashing all that its dull creator forgot to say during his recent unsuccessful candidature for the ''County.' Wo presume that the 'ghost' this time will have orders to compile ' some phases' oalcu lated to go down golopshusly with the horny handed sons of toil ! ! Dibbs is a just barely possible Premier. Garvan is a quite impossible one, though by no means a duffer as a politician. He is shrewd, passably honest and smart as a 'commercial arithmetician,' but he has no tact and his creed is against him. Don't mis- take us, dear readers, we aro not referring to his religious creed, but to his personal cocksure belief in his own absolute perfections — for he is as egotistic as Parkes, without a single grain of that astonishing old veteran's tactful oppor tunism. * * . One good result is bound to flow from tho prevailing industrial ' ruotionB' — the unpaid J.P. system being bound to go. Never were all the serious failings and vices of that system so patent as now, when the proputty-endowod classes (from which almost exclusively the unpaid magistraoy is reoruitea) are almost completely, if not hopelessly, out of touch with the laboring masses. This bad, booauso lop sided, system must git ! It is interesting to notice that the committee of the Parramatta Benevolent Society are getting very expert hair-splitters, arid are more susceptiblo to rope-pulling than we gave them oredit for. Will their wisdom allow Solomon's Row jobbery tD prevail ? Tbe Carlingford Progress Association are up in arms against the Dundas Council, in conse quence of a rumour that the latter desire to annex somo Carlingford territory. Why doesn' t Carlingford incorporate f When on Thursday the numbers went up of the most momentous division over yet taken in a New South Wales Assembly, the jaw of Dibbs (to paraphrase MacaulayJ fell, and tho face of Toohey was as the face of a lost soul, and O'Sullivan looked like Judas taking off his neoktio for tho last operation. It was a verit able triumph — but not for the Ministry. The victors were the Labor Party, solid all but ono or two non-signifioant atoms. Parkes now occupies a somewhat undignified position. Ho is figure-head with all that that means in the way of the perks and gauds of office, but he has coased to possess the power of place. The figure-head must move on along in the direc tion indicated by tho rudder, and that is in the hands of men determined to steer straight for the haven of practical liberal legislation; Still, we doubt not that Parkes will make it appear that it is he who wags his tail and not his tail than wags him, nay that ho will aotu ally believo that suoh is the oaso — which it ain't by long ohalks. But what's tho odds, so long as tho old boy is soothed by a comforting creed, and tho Country makes a real advance along tho paths of Progress ? *** Mr. T. M. Williamson's opening address in connection with the Ermington-Rydalmere election was practical and partly promising of a better understanding between the contending parties in the district. The value of Mr. Williamson's address was his announcement to advocate opening up new roads in the borough. It is a fact that the inaccessibility of the Field of Mars district has considerably retarded its progress and development. More ways are badly required there and at Castle Hill— in fact, all round our picturesque fruitgrowing district. The 'loss' of Mr. Williamson's address were the personalities, especially in reference to the Dundas Council. Since victory has smiled upon him, Mr. Williamson can afford to be generous, and it will certainly benefit both Dundas and Rydalmere if the two Councils work amicably, together. Mr. Hayes (who spoke at the same meeting) certainly sounded the right note in this direction. Enough personalities (and we admit to having done our share) have been indulged in. Now let us settle down to work together for the good of the whole district. *** In letters to General Williams, Sir W. Gordon Cummitig threatened suioido should the badcaV rat case go agairiBt him. It did — but (in the' words of the London correspondent of the S.3I. Herald) ho ' did not cut his throat ; he married an heiress.' Our contemporary might have pointed the moral or at least adorned the talo by quoting (from Seine's !' Heisebildcr') the narallel storv of the Count of Gauges who. self-condemned to dio by his own hand, and actually awaiting his lust minute, raised his eyes and suddenly beheld her — she wore her blue silk dress and rose-red hat, and her eyes looked at him so death-oonqueringly so lifo givingly that with a single glance sne saved him! Personal history of that kind is con stantly repeating itself. V Our verdict in re the divine Sarah is on this wise : she isa very great actress, but Bingularly unfortunate in the seleotion of the characters of the '' persons of the dramas ' she portrays. Doubtless,— virtue in the calm sequestered paths of life doesn!t lend itself to dramatio treatment ; still why should dramatio authors go to quite the opposite extreme, even to the extent of (pardon the Tennyaonian phrase) raking hell with a email toothcomb, in order to find models of the prurient losoiviousness it pays them nowadays to word-paint ? Harlots and adulteresses are not the only women the sensations of whose lifeworkrwhen realistically delineated oan/ thrill the worldi — and just here we. would quote the author of 'Deacon Brown:' I know some folks reck'n contrairy wise, An' sling their ink quite free, . . Sat they hain't got hol't the right end on it Accorain' to my idee. ' ' . '? ,' ' ;, An'. Uiet's why I've sort of been chippia' in : A-pleadin' tho Deacon's excuse j ' ' ' For you all know wo can't all be gamblero and thieveB— '.;? - , An' nil women needn't he loose I 