Jesus. A. SERMON BY THE BEV. C. H. SPURGEON. " And thou shalt call his name JESUS."-MATT, i, 2Í. Bernard has delightfully said that the name of Jeans is honey in the month, melody in the ear, and joy in the heart. I rejoice in that expression on my own account, for it gives me my share of the delight, and leads me to hope that, while I am speaking1, the sweetness of the precious name of Jesus may fill my own mouth. Here also is a portón for you who are listening : it is melody in the ear. If my voice should bo harsh, and my words discordant, you will yet have music of the choicest order, for the name itself ia essential melody, and my whole sermon will ring with its silver note. May both speaker and hearer join in the third word of Bernard's sentence, andmay we all find itto be joy in our hearts, a jubilee within our souls. Jesus is the way to God, therefore will wo preach him ; he is the truth, therefore will wo hear of him ; ho is the life, therefore shall our hearts rejoice in bim. So inexpressibly fragrant is the name of Jesus that it imparts a delicious perfume to everything which comes in connection with it. Our thoughts will turn this morning to the first use of the name in connection with our Lord, when the child who was yet to be born was named Jesus. Here we find everything suggestive of comfort. The person TO WHOM THAT NAME WAS FIRST REVEALED was Joseph, a carpenter, a humble man, a work ing man, unknown and undistinguished save by the justice of his character. To the artisan of Nazareth was this name first imparted. It is not, therefore, a title to be monopolised by the ears of princes, sages, priests, warriors, or mon of wealth ; it is a name to bo mado a household word among common people. He is the people's Christ ; for of old it waa said of him, " I have exalted one chosen out of the people." Let every carpenter, and every worker of every sort, rejoice with all other so: ts of men in the name of Jesus. There is consolation in the messenger who made known that name to Joseph ; for it was the angel of the Lord, who, in the visions of the night, whispered that charming name into his ear ; and henceforth angels aro in league with men, and gather to ono standard, moved by the same watchword as ourselves-the name of Jesus. Did God send the name by an angel, and did tho angel delight to come with it ? Then is there a bond of sympathy between us and angelic spirits, and we are come this day not only " fco the general assembly and church of the first born," but " to an innumerable company of angels," by whom that name is regarded with reverent love. Nor is the condition of Joseph when ho heard this name altogether without instruction. THE ANGEL SPAKE TO HIM IN A DREAM; that name is so sof b and sweet that it breaks no man's rest, bub rather yields a peace unrivalled, the peace of God. With such a dream Joseph's sleep was more blessed than his waking. The name has evermore this power, for, to those who know it, it unveils a glory brighter than dreams have ever imaged. Under its power young men see visions, and old men dream dreams, and these do not mock them, but are prophecies faithful and true. The name of Jesus brings before our minds a vision of glory in the latter days when Jesus shall reign from pole to pole, and yet another vision of glory unutterable when his people shall be with bim where he is. The name of Jesus was sweet at the first, because of the words with which it was accompanied ; for they were meant to remove perplexity from Joseph's mind, and some of them ran thus : " Fear not." Truly no name can banish fear like the name of Jesus ; it is the beginning of the hope and the end of despair. Let but the sinner hear of " the Saviour," and he forgets to die, he hopes to live ; ho rises out of the deadly lethargy of his hopelessness, and looking upward he sees a reconciled God, and fears no longer. Especially, brethren, this name is full of rare delights when wo meditate upon the infinite preciousness of the person to whom it was assigned. This Holy One is the Son of God, and yet he is the Son of man ; this surpassing excel lence of nature make his name most precious. The name of Jesus is a name DIVINELY ORDERED AND EXPOUNDED. According to tho text, the angel brought a mes sage from the Lord, and Bald, " Thou shalt call his name Jesus." It is a name which, like him who bears it, has come down from heaven. Our Lord has other names of office and relation ship, but this is specially and peculiarly his own personal name, and it is the Father who hath thus named him. Rest assured, therefore, that it is the best name that he could bear. God would not have given him a name of secondary value, or about which there would be a trace of dishonor. Tho name is the highest, brightest, and noblest of names ; it is the glory of our Lord to be a Saviour. To tho best that was ever born of woman God has given the best name that any son of man could bear. Jesus ia the most appropriate name that our Lord could receive. Of this we are quite certain, for the Father knew all about him, and could name him weih He knows much more about the Lord Jesus Christ than all saints and angels put together, for " no man knoweth the Son but the Father." To perfection the Father knew him, and HE NAMES HIM JESUS. Neither will God refuse to accept the work which he has done, 6ince by the gif t of that name he has commissioned him to savo sinners. When we plead the name of Jesus before God, we bring him back his own word, and appeal to him by his own act and deed. Is not the name of Jesus to be viewed with reverential delight by each one of us, when we recollect whence it carno ? It ia a name which the Holy Ghost explains, for he tells U3 the reason for tho name of Jesu3 "For he shall save his people from their sins." " Saviour " is the meaning of the name, but it has a fuller sense hidden within, for in its Hebrew I firm it means " tho salvation of tho Lord," or " the Lord of salvation," or '. the Saviour." The j angel intreprets it, " He shall save," and the word for " he " is very emphatic. According to many scholars, the divine name, tho incommuni cable title of the most high is contained in " Joshua," the Hebrew form of Jesus, so that in full The word means "Jehovah Saviour," and in brief it signifies " Saviour." It is given to our Lord because "He saves"-not according to any temporary and common salvation, from enemies and troubles, but he saves from spiritual enemies, and specially from sins. Joshua of old was a saviour, Gideon was a saviour, David waa a saviour ; but the title is given to our Lord above all others because be is a Saviour in a sense in which no one else is or can be-He saves his people from their sins. The Jews were look ing for a saviour ; they expected one who would break tho Eoman yoke, and save them from being under bondage to a foreign power, but our Divine Lord came not for such a purpose. He came to be a saviour of a more spiritual sort, and to break quite another yoke, by saving his people from their sins. Jesus is salvation in the sense of deliverance and also in that of preservation. He gives health, he is all that is salutary to his people : in the fullest and broadest sense he saves his people. The original word means to preserve, to keep, to j>rotoct from danger, and to secure. The grandest meanings generally dwell in the shortest words, and in this caso the word " save " is a well where tho plummet is long in finding the bottom. JESUS BRINGS A GREAT SALVATION, or as Paul saith, " so great salvation/' as if he felt he could never estimate its greatness (Heb. ii., 3) : he also speaks of it as "eternal salvation" (Heb. v., 9), even as Isaiah said, "Isiaol shall be saved in the Lord with an everlasting salvation." Glorious beyond measure is the name " Jesus " as it is divinely expounded to us, for, by that very exposition, the eternal God guarantees the suc cess of the Saviour; he declares that he shall savo his people. God himself sets him forth to us as Jesus, Saviour, Son of God, Bearer of tho sinner's load. Moreover, in addition to expounding his name, the Holy Spirit, by the evangelist Matthew, has been pleased to refer us to the synonym of it, and so to give us its meaning by comparison. Let me read you the next verses. "Now all thia was done, that it might bo fulfilled which was spoken of the Lord by the prophet, saying, behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and THEY SHALL CALL HIS NAME EMMANUEL, which, being interpreted, is " God with us." If, when our Lord was born and named Jesus, the old prophecy which said that he should be called Emmanuel was fulfilled, it follows that the name " Jesus " boars a signification tantamount to that of " Emmanuel," and that its virtual meaning is " God with ns." Indeed, brethren, he is Jesus, the Saviour, because he is Emmanuel, God with us ; and as Boon as he was born, and so became Emmanuel, the incarnate God, he bocame by that very fact Jesus, the Saviour. By coming down from heaven into this earth, and taking upon himself our nature, ho bridged the otherwise bridgeless gulf between God and man j by suffering in that human nature, and imparting through his divine nature an infinite efficacy to those sufferings he removed that which would have destroyed us, and brought us everlasting life and salvation. This charming name of Jesus is A JEWEL FROM THE CASKET OF HEAVEN. It comes to us as an apple of gold, and it is attended by an exposition which places it in a basket cf silver. The name is precious as the golden mercy- seat, and over it burns the light of the divine glory, so that we may not -tumble at it, but may rejoice in the great light. It lets us know tho very heart of God in reference to his Son : Why he sent him, ivhat he meant him to be and to do, and in what manner ho would glorify him. Salvation is the joyful sound which rings from tho bells of our High Priest's garment as he comos forth to bless us. God, who spake to our fathers by his prophets, now speaks to us by his son, whose name is Salvation. Is there not a mint of joy in this ? Although this name was thus chosen by God, our Lord was actually called by the name of Jesus by man. To this I call your special notice. " She (Mary) shall bring forth a son, and thou j_ Joseph) shalt call his name Jesus." The God ot heaven by hi3 angel appoints the child's name, but his reputed father must announce it. Both Joseph and Mary, according to the divine command, united in calling the child by the aj)poiùtèd name. See, then, that the name which is chosen of God is fully accepted by instructed men. Those who are taught of God joyfully recognise that Christ is salvation, and without a question give him the well-beloved name of Jesus, the Saviour. Here note that the name Jesus, Saviour, was given to our Lord by two simple hearts as soon as HE WAS EE VEALED TO THEM. They only needed to be told who be was, and what he was come for, haw be was born, and what was the object of bis incarnation, than they at once accepted the divine message, and named the babe by the name of Jesus. "And, brethren, all of us to whom Christ is revealed at all, call him Jesus the Saviour. Many there be who think they know our Lord, but since they only speak of him asa prophet, a teacher, or a leader, and care not for him as a Saviour, we are clear that they are iß. ignorance as to his chief character. His first ñamé, his personal name, they know not. The Holy Spirit cannot havo revealed Christ to any man if that man remains ignorant of his saving power. He who does not know Him as Jesus, the Savioui, does not know him at all. Certain anti-ChristiSh Christians are craftily extolling Christ that they may smite Jesus : I mean that they cry up Jesus as Messiah, sent of God to exhibit a grand example and supply a pure code of morals ; but they cannot endure Jesus as a saviour, redeeming' us by his blood, and by his death delivering us from Bin. I am not sure that they follow his example of holy living ; but they are very loud.¿a. extolling it, and all with tho purpose of drawing off men's thoughts from the chief character arid main object of our Lord's sojourn among us, j namely, the deliverance of his people from situ I If men knew our Lord they would call him Jesijts t the Saviour, and regard him not merely as a good man, a noble exemplar, but as the SaviouiS î>£ sinners. j JOSEPH AND MART NOT ONLY BELIEVED, so as to give the young child the name in their own minds, but in due time they took him ( up to the temple and presented them according to the law, and there publicly his naine was called Jesus. All hearts to whom G$d commits his Christ should publicly own hun in the most solemn manner according to hia ordinance, and should desire in all proper placea to confess him as the Saviour. The infant Christ was committed to the care of Joseph and Mary, to nurse and protect. Wonder of wonders, thatnhe should need a guardian who is the preserver "ot men and tho shepherd of his saints ! In hia feebleness asa babe he needed parental care; and in caring for him Joseph and Mary did ijaofe hesitate to avow thoir faith by giving him a name which indicated hiB destiny, nor did they refusa to publish his name in the temple before, the priests- and the congregation. Now in a certain senso Christ is committed to the keeping of all his people. This day a chargent» keep we have ; we are to preserve his goepè&iu; the world, to maintain his truth, and to publish his salvation, and therefore wo are bound to bear this testimony, that ho is Jesus the Saviour..«! 'sinners. This wo must make very prominent. Others shall say what they please about him, Said if they speak well of his character in any respect we will be glad that they shall do it, however little they may know : but thia is our peculiar testimony that 'l' OUR LORD SAVES PROM SIN. ... Nothing is more prominent about a man than his na1 ne ; wo can hardly mention him without pronouncing his name, and so we feel that.Jwa cannot mention our Lord without speaking of salvation. If he be anything, he is Jesus ifeha saviour ; we know him best by that name. We preach unto men Jesus ; we insist upon it first and foremost that he is the sinner's saviour. ' ;Ha is righteous and lovoth righteousness, but hô,'; ia first known to raen as the friend of sinners. He is the faithful and true witness, the prince oH$he kings of the earth, but his first work is to save; after that he teaches and rules his saved ones. So, beloved, you see that tho name chosen of God is given to him by all those who know him, and to whom his gospel is entrusted, and given heartily, zealously, boldly. Yes, all of us ch.ll him Jesus if wo know him, and we are rescued to publish his name abroad as long as we live/'' H he was Jesus in the cradle, what is he now that he is exalted in the heaven s ? As Emmanuel, $od with us, his very incarnation made him Jesus, the saviour of men ; but what shall I say of'Him now that beyond his incarnation we have hia atonement, and above his atonement his resur rection, and beyond that his ascension, and, to crown all, his perpetual intercession ?. How grandly does THE TITLE BEFIT HIM NOW that he is able to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing he ever liveth, to make intercession for them ! If in the arm$ o£ tho Virgin he is the saviour, what is he oh the throne of God ? If wrapped in swaddling banda he is Jesus, what is ho now that the heavens have received him ? If in the workshop of Nazareth, and sitting in the Temple among tha doctors, he was the child Jesus, the saviour, what is he now that his infancy and childhood are over, and he ia exalted far above all principalities and powers ? If he was Jesus when on the cross, presenting him self as an offering for his people, what is he now that he hath by one sacrifice perfected for eyer them that are set apart ? What is he now that he sits at the ri;* ht hand of God, expecting till hia enemies are made his footstool ? Let us all unite in calling our Lord by this tender, human nama of Jesus. Jesus, name all names aliove ; Jesus best and nearest ; Jesus, fount of perfect love, holiest, tenderest, dearest; Jesu3, source of Rrace completed ; Jesus, holiest, sweetest, JesuB, Saviour, all Divine, thine's .tho name, and only thine* 1 