The Melanesians: Studies in their Anthropology and Folk-lore. By R. H. CODRINGTON, D.D., late of the Melanesian Mission, sometime Fellow of Wad- ham College, Oxford: author of "The Melanesian Languages." With illustrations. Oxford: At the Clarendon Press. 1891. In the preface to his highly-interesting work Dr. Codrington quotes the following remark made to him by Mr. Fison, late missionary in Fiji:-- "When a European has been living for two or three years among savages he is sure to be fully convinced that he knows all about them; when he has been ten years or so amongst them, if he be an observant man, he finds that he knows very little about them, and be begins to learn." The foregoing is a statement whose correctness is un- hesitatingly acknowledged by all those who have had the privilege or misfortune to be thrown for a considerable time among barbarous tribes. It is a truth, too, for which ample testimony is to be found in every page of the present volume. The various rites, the every-day usages, the cumbrous customs, and the multitudinous social or super- stitious observances which seem inseparable from savage life are so bewildering in their complexity that, compared with them, the ceremonial canons of civilised man are simplicity itself. There is not an event, from the rude cradle to the ruder grave--from the child's advent and subsequent pro- gress through all the vicissitudes of infancy, youth, rough-and-ready marriage, war, cannibal feast, decay and death--that is not accompanied by appropriate observances, half grotesque, half ruthless. If the poet who deplored the departure of the time "when first in woods the noble savage ran," had but visited and sojourned with man in a state of nature, he would have been all too thankful to withdraw if possible and leave the woods to his noble but unaccommodating neighbour. All the glamour that lyrists at a safe distance have from the earliest times thrown round primitive peoples and their so-called natural methods of life, is at once dissipated on a closer acquaintance. It is now the veriest affectation to deny that, from a civilised standpoint, the uncultured child of nature is a cruel, vindictive, and treacherous creature, with a moral sense so hopelessly distorted as to leave its possessor but one remove from the brute. Melanesia, whose inhabitants Dr. Codrington describes in a volume which cannot fail to interest the general render as well as the anthropologist, lies at our doors. It consists of four island groups--the Solomon, Santa Cruz, Banks with New Hebrides, and New Caledonia with the Loyalty--at an average distance of 1500 miles from the Australian coast. At full speed one of the fast Orient or P. and O. boats that weekly draw up alongside Sydney wharfs could reach the farthest in from three to five days' steaming. A good deal of intelligence, not always of the most encouraging, has of late been received concerning the New Hebrides Archipelago. Geographically it might be considered an appanage of New Cale- donia, and, but for the very natural fear of the uses to which it would probably be turned, it is likely that before this the tricolour would have been run up on the most prominent of its sporadic headlands, while communities of gentlemen, whose familiar faces had disappeared from the "fencing" estab- lishments and absinthe dens of La Belle France were provided with State employment in its romantic valleys. Australian protests, however, had some- thing to do in keeping the archipelago a sort of no man's land, although the cumbrous device of superintending its affairs by means of a joint com- mission leaves much to be desired. The Spaniard, Quires, was probably the first European that saw the New Hebrides, which he took for the great southern continent of which he was in search. Then came French and English voyagers, till the whole four groups already mentioned were visited at various periods. An introductory chapter of 19 pages is devoted by Dr. Codrington to a brief summary of Melanesian discovery, as well as to the geology, zoology, and topography of the islands, before he enters upon his chief task of describing the natives and their characteristics. This task is by no means an easy one; for, not only do the aborigines of the various islets differ materially in physical peculiarities, but the inquiry is complicated by differences of language, so that the tongue of one eyot is sometimes unknown in another but a few miles away. Indeed, in some cases, the people living on one portion of an island are unable to carry on a conversation with those residing on another portion. As a rule they seem to have no very clear idea whence they came, and are generally satisfied with the opinion that their ancestors were created where their descendants find themselves to-day. Some myths re- garding man's origin are to be found amongst them; but, like similar legends in countries far distant, it would be injudicious to place too great a reliance upon them. One of these fables is to the effect that mankind sprang originally from a particular kind of sugar-cane on which two knots made their appearance and ulti- mately burst. From one knot came a man, a woman from tho other. This is no doubt apochryphal. The story, perhaps, may be meant to typify the sweetness of the bond between the sexes, but such an interpretation is scarcely tenable in view of the position occupied by their females in the social organisation. A printed table of an island family pedigree is given, similar to those frequently found in genealogical works dealing with royal or noble families among Europeans. On a cursory inspection it might be said with con- fidence that no Caucasian stock, howsoevor illus- trious, need be ashamed of the racial tree of one of these unassuming South Sea Islanders. In most of the islands secret societies appear to be all but universal, although their object is any- thing but obvious. Clothed in comprehensive mats and disguised with grotesque masks, numbers of the males will occasionally retire into the bush during the night and rouse the echoes with conch- blowing and noises of various degrees of potency. The females do not dare to intrude on these dis- tracting revels, but cower at a distance as if frightened, and good-naturedly assume to believe that their husbands, fathers, and brothers have nothing to do with the riot, which is credited to ghosts. Both in savage and civilised life one of the most amiable feminine traits is this pleasant hy- pocrisy, which in a measure reconciles man to his lot. At a few pages of this curious account of Melanesian doings are pictures of disguised savages as they proceed to or return from their forest orgies or mysteries; and it is not too muoh to say that assuming the correctness of the representations--it is as well the ladies are forbidden to enter the woods while their lords are in full canonicals. Perhaps one of tho drollest, and at the same time most instructive, portions of the volume is that relating to spirits, ghosts, and an after life. On these subjects their views are now incoherent and now bizarre. This idea of supernatural beings, of a future existence, and of a time long gone by when a great deluge drowned most of the world's people, is almost universal among the various races of mankind. There are some African tribes, certainly, and, possibly, a few Australasian ones, in which no trace of such beliefs are found; but they are the exceptions. Faith in magic, too, is widespread, and is still to be found lingering in obscure country places, evon in the most advanced Aryan nations. Little wonder, then, that the poor Melanesians should credit what European princes, philosophers, and people believed in not so long ago. But Kanaka magic makes but a poor show beside the genuine West African article guaranteed in Madame Blavatsky's maga- zine (now Mrs. Besant's) before that talented lady's death. Indeed, in presence of the Ashantee mani- festations it is to be feared that any Melanesian displays would merely invite ridicule. One custom, so far as our reading on the subject extends, appears peculiar to some of the islands of these groups. It is that, when an addition is about to be made to a family, the unfortunate mother-expectant has little attention paid her, while the husband takes to his bed, where he is petted and caressed for a week or fortnight, or, in fact, till his health permits of his again taking gentle exercise, without fear of over- taxing himself. On the whole, as was observed at the beginning, Dr. Codrington has produced a book which from cover to cover will be read with interest by young and old. 