Sunday's Meetings. At the Temple: There wbb no room, not even standing room, for many who wished to hear General Booth at the Temple yesterday morning. The sorvloe was opened bv the sincrintr of a hvmn. led bv the ' army band, after whioh a prayer waB offered. Thon Goneral Booth stopped forward, and rcqnoBting tho andienoo to remain in the attitude of jiruyor and with olosed eyes, invited them to sing a verso of the hymn, " Glvo Mo a Heart Like Thine." This verse wns repented four times, tho general taking advantage of oaah interval to sheet- home tho fall meaning , of the words, and exhort tho army to greater diligence. ond_ zoal. T.Vn requesting tho people to olaae their ayes ami stretch ont their bunds, the general offered np 'a stirring, heart-Bcarohing prayer,, the burden of which ' was greater holiness and saivauon tor every man. ax una stags ucrn- missioner Coombs annonneod tho aolleotion, and whilo it was being gathered Sister Osptain Cork sang "OLatnh of God," tho refrain of whioh was taken up very hoartily. The genoral did not annouueo a text or preach a sot sermon ; bnt taking tho first eight versos from tbo 21st ohaptcr of' Revelations, ho madsj a few observations on tho striking pas sages. ns. he read them. "I saw a new heaven and a now north " Peoplo said thoy never saw anything ont of tho ordinary in religion, and thoy expeatcd to eeo somothtng supernatural ; that was probably beoaaso their hearts were Impure. Ab a speck of dirt Inter- fered with tbo . uso of tho . eye, ' so the eye of faith, . with whioh they aoald soo tbo new . hoaven and tho new oarth', was blnrrod by sin. If thoy did not got tin ont, it wonld mar thoir lives. Ho waa not prepatod to give an exaot interpretation of that prophcoy Ho did not protend to nemo tho timo of its fulfilment ana tbo character of its oiromnBtanofs. On that point ho was fin- different, aud doctors differed greatly. Bat they oould havo a now earth hore and a new heaven also. Ho had seen thom for himself years ago, and thoy had brought bliss to him, aud bliss was tho lundamontal essonoo of heaven. In tho Christian lifo they oonld have a now oarth. "As a bride adorned for hor hus band." Tho Lord wanted to purify thom first and make them boantlfal. Ha did not knew how it was in Qaoonsland, hut what a race thore whs in tho old oountry for tho boaatif al, and what desperation at tho first gray hair or wrinhio I Bat hero they oonld bo made boanti- fnl for ever — beautiful to tho tight of God and i of the angola. Roligion wonld make thom lovahlo— and who oould holp loving a lovable i thing? " Tho tabornnale of God Is with men." i God prepares the- -heart, - purifies it, purges i it. : Pride must go; bad < temper mnst go; : fear of men oust; go; evil passions must go, — not only -to .savo thom. from, from hell, bnt to save them from sin. The dwelling place of 'God' is With - men— her in ' Brisbane, not when thoy got to- heaven, i Hp- lives in, (ho hearls of mon, for "years the temples of tho.. Holy Ghost.?. . " Be thoir . i God.? The' fall realisation of that .did not coma all at cnco, for there woro staghs in tho' Divine lifo. Whilo the knowledge of Js!ns for given wae is grand thing, they wero not . to j he . satli-fied with that. Ha wag not'talkingpbpati -, the next world, bnt here— tfcoyi phonld worship . , Him day and night. Ho thonght heoplo jwpro , very liberal with tliklri Blblefi, anilhe wohieed I why they did not rood them and go in for all the blessings whioh" they oontained, Instead of throwing the blmMings away and satisfying thomsolves with tho bonoa, with whioh thoy neatly got ohoked. ' " Wipe away ovory tear" ' — thus is, tako tho salt ont of thom ; thoy oonld weep tours of gladuoss, and thoy would rathor weep tears with Joojs, than latigh with His enemies. " And thore shall bo no moro death." God would tako tho sting oat ol death. Tying wonld bo oo triumphant, so glorious, that it would bo robbod of its Bting. "He that ovcroomoth." A Christian mast be master of oelf — oouquoror of his appetites— master of his oiroamstnnoes. Soma porsonB talked about thoir nnbelief as thoagh people should pity them. It was beliof, not nnbelief, which wonld duterroino whothor thoy would be saiute hero. To theso ha would say, " Mind yon don't get blown uver the prooiploo into the bottomless pit." A man in dolioate hoalth was likely to bo oarriod away by any oontugion ; not so a strong man. So ti was with the woak and Btrong in faith. "All liars." Whether they lied for thei> business, or for tho good ol their families, or to make conversation interest ing— all liars are going to holl. God abhorred a deli (era to lie more than any other hind of sin A lie wad the representation of deliberate dooop- tion. Salvationists, look to yoar -lives ! Strangers, look to yoar lives 1 ThoBO who havo belpsd tho army, look to yoar livos 1 Ho oould toll them how to got into heaven horo without death, bnt after that God would tako thom to tho heaven above, balvation wus a book in four volumes : 1st, doliverunao from all sin ; 2nd, victory ovor Bin ; 3rd, parity and oleanlinass of beart; 4th, oenscoration of all that a man has and is for tho Lord. With an appoal to any who wanted solvation to oomo to the platform tho general oonoludod. Tho hymn "Jeans is Coming ' was then sang, daring wbiob a number of ponitouto wont forward, eaoh being grootod with shouts of " Amou " "Hallelujah," " Prnipo God." So hearty woro these oxolumatioDB that Gommissiouer Ooombs, turning to tho soldiors who orawdod tho plat form, ejaculated, "Steady." Tbo eoouo was then vory animated and tho fooling ono of to- tenso enthusiasm. Evon tho oommissiouor soon ouught the infeeli'in, and exolaimed " Thank God, there's another oomtog. Who's next? Fire n volley." A vorBO ol tbo hymn " Oal- vury's Stream is Flowing so Froe" was noxt snng. Then Colonel Nicol (tho gonornl'e private seoretury) prayed. After a verso, "Fm Be lieving and Reoeiving," tho general called for a wave offering as an aooompanimont to a verse, "It Comes o'er my Sonl liko a Wave," and almost everybody wuvod a handkerohief. A verso, " I Fell into tbo Fountain," followed, then tho Australian chief secretary prayed and pronounced the benediotion. There were be tween 30 and 40 seekers, an indication ol a good time for the army. 