IRovenst, [KOW FIRST rtTBUSHED.1 Tie Verdict Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND CHAPTER Xmt-KCoHTnsTTED.) lii/ Harold, M. Maclcenzie, Author nf "The Squatter's Daughter.' " As the crow flies we are about a mile from 11 ljipoo, but by the road about half a mile more. How the horse and rider cau:e to the creek behind ub is a mystery, f,,r by daylipht the track's bard enough to follow. In any case, there the matter Ftands; they got riglrt there." T.'ie sergeant stood deep in thought for a few minutes, revolving in bis mind this extraordinary circumstance which iikc many other matters of a like character puzzled him considerably. " SVe!), we'd better rctrace our-steps, 'fulle-ch, and make a minute examination of the track we've just left." The trooper* once more turned in the direction from whence they came, picking tiieir \r.iy carefully over the treacherous ground which from long neglfect of tnftic lind become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly creepers and other noxious plants. The sergeant had had much experience in ct>os of a mysterious nature, requiring e1! the xcun-.en of a mind trained to the business, yet here was one which altogether seemed without the natural data in p) upon." "I cannot dispel the idea from my EiinJ, Tulloch. that Lire unbo was carried tu that tree v. herc tiie Chinamen found him ; for it seeius to mi almost a moral impossibility that his horse could have b-.nj^ht him to the place where we are nmv." "In nliich case, I may presume, yo'u pive no credence to the accident theory, thii:k<n^possiiily it may have been acase of suicide." " More likely one ot murder," Tojoined Poj)!;a:n, le^aniina Tullocli with a look of dfinrmhmiioti in his face. "Then what has become of the horsot Surely some signs would have shown tiiemsclrcs before this. A horse is more inconvenient article to -dispose of than a man." " Yes, th.it's true enough,more especially a ivell-i.red quad, like he rode. That kind of horse would be noticed anywhere in riie c d. ny and suspicion would naturally rest with the present owner. Mb ; I must confess that if it has been a case nf foul play the perpetrator has made v-.-rv complete job o£ it. "The idea of miking jt look like an accident has been Ti-ry successful. There has been no attempt to conceal anything and from wliRt you've told ine ihe position of the body looked as if the-head had come it violent contact with the tree. Is that Hot. Tulloch'nodded assent, though he was very careful not to launch oat into adis^ cussion in which he.knew tliat hisfellowofficer, from the way' he had of {rotating luestions, might wako him. contradict jj, 'u self. T, ""lloch was young in year* -compared to I'uy^kam, and -with' the nataral imipetuosity ' °f youth too ready to form hasty conci' ,I3 ' 0 P 8 *. cr' // . Latter] r, i/'owever, tinder Buch an experienced" hand" as.Popham he "was learn- - in.!-'to keep a cai guard on" histongue which above all thm^*®* raostrieeessaty in the ^ ; ^ ; They had arrived at ^esummit ™ tht baDk decline which led gbeępK " the creek, j S ^ ^ l i ^ ^ W to makea careful survey ». .. •''"t' . ;«No on this ground," ^mipa Pq^^^K?™® down at the interwoven masami v -pniler-; prowth. '.".-". jżsfiii^J&l;*- ••'•rt"/'* "If thertfi .hem»^arn^ei>t»jiy 'to*; there would be no^chance «f w6ing nut — 'xm^-i-ji^ ' .Jiot.have comeWfafas'ttiifl:" -'^hat'iifo yon think?" .. ^ ' 1 Tulloch Pio^t ^oil^t^laiSB'ihe^, nod m a hole or Bometlung his rider where the .€hinatnenfound lum . and, unable, to • «łnn: .iiBonriflered' into the stream and beeniiieBJiS gators." , •...'",..•. • .. ' . " Good ńMMKb for: ; novel," TOplI^tyajSteg^gSgifl^ ' "Jost measiire^¥ j ' Sow, for we miKsFbt? questions st the-inqui . The joung ^tncgne gi ring P^jpiiam one Jt ^iJ^fethe tpanneS the gltóe wii tveii, etat Ł ^ ^ ^ ^ B b m j how." , ,t Cj; : h Tnllocli then^ounS tfcLeiine in'aiad ,«j»i finaanythi^lvenf clneMr-'- cool and moist to the touch even when I- the sun was warmest. j The many piping birds lOTed thi^ d seconded home, "darting' in and out the e olive'and emerald'foliage with plumage Ł as gły and daraling as'had all the colors of a silk factory been scattered through the forest. It was a world of bright sunshine without, and thoBe corners within where the light stolo not eeemed almost black by •comparison. ~ "There's nothing more to be done here, I fancy, and to speak the truth I am considerably disappointed; we'll get back to the boat." The eergeant thence moved ón in the iuxctioa indicated, but had not . proceeded far when his eye was suddenly attracted by an object glittering in the sunshine not many feet from where he stood. " Halloa I We're on something at last"—Btooping to pick it op—" a little more and I should have passed yon altogether, my friend," addressing a handsomely chased sUver -hunting-flask which "he examined closely. "I declare, there's la email drop }f .mountain dew stall in it!" lie poured £hB contents into a cup attached. " Well have a drink on it, anyway, and good luck to us." • ' He handed Tulloch a portion of the spirit which he put to his lips. "Good gracious! mani what's the matter?" seeing that'Tulloch pulled a wry face and spat the contents on the ground.- "Matter? oaij aif^" irjit Sf £ enough of A, It wggIS kill use etrai^ht oft I haven't lived all these 'years not to know the' -taste of drugged y^uor." Sergeant Popbam at this remark applied his nostrils to the stopper,-which i immediately convinced him that all was was not right." "Ah-!'hal poison in the cup,' chV This looks uncommon queer, to say the' least of it. A lucky thing we've got some left" for analysis. A stranger thing still," he continued, " the initials engraved on thisarticle-resemble very much S.P." What is your opinion?" Tulloch took the flask and examined the' letters in question,' 'włiich left no room for doubt in his mind that they were as stated. As he handed it back a knowing look overspread his featuies, which the sergeant was not slow in reading. ** This can be the property of no less a person than our worthy young lord yonder," remarked Popbam. , "Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Prescott, and as far as £ know he wasn't in the habit of making expensive presents to Łiscombe." The sergeant laughed to himself. " Neither expensive nor inexpensive. The only sort of present Łiscombe might have received would have been a black eye. £ daresay he got that." The sergeant was now beginning to be more interested since the unearthing of this important link in the chain of evidence which jnight lead to other and more important results." " There'll have to beau exhumation of the remains in order to -see jf there are any traces of poisoning in the atomach," said Bopbam. *' That'll be -another job for Brook; and not a pleasant one' cither. No oneguessed of sudi a thing as ^poisoning or attempted poisoning. Tlus case promises some "rather interesting features, and looks very black against Frcscott. Hell have to give a clear account of how Łiscombe came to be in possessionof this flask full of drugged whisky. Of course, circumstances may havp occurred by which" Liecombe was the riglilful owner of the article but as we have said before it is not likely that Pxescott made him a present of iU" " He might have done so," remarked Tulloch, "when it contained poison." " That, my friend, we'll prove, or I'm a Dutchman. A man who's drugged might certainly have .an inclination .to dash' his brains out against a tree, and whether Maurice Liscombe'fl-death has been that pf his own doing or the work of another this vile compound is indirectly the cause." 1 1 Even the drop which I swallowed has made me feel quite queer," said Tulloch. " Queensland liquor's got a. had name, but Tm hanged if you can beat-that, by much." The-young officer cast a look of disgust at the flask and a tremor wetit through his body. " And now, lad, well gethome os soon as xvecan," said Popbam, carefhUy secret; ing the "flash about his person. They had reached the memorable 5 tree where the Chinese bad made their discovery in order to'make a thorough examination of -this giant of the 'forest. ^ • The<JelestiftlB -weirelying faBt asleep in the bottom of the craft, dreaming per; chance of their early return to the Flowery Land, rich in thk world's goods. ,.....'' Hi there! you laiy dogB ; wako up. We do all the work whilo yOc Bleep and dream." In an instant the grinning;' sleepylooking ..creatures had'' sprung to" their oars and were ohce more reajdy for the łeturn journe-y. t , " Our day, afteir all, hasheeiieuccessful," ;said as they -were sculled down the tflent igarape .ahclrjipoe fflore^ .eihi^gei <>n Jx> . the braid,- fftet-flOwiiig 'river, all Ejolden-hued in thB Ted ligbt .of A Betting finn. - • •'.Not a -ftrotd, remember," ^lEMd the B6jgean.tr when the hoat had\reached fWnfaf---*- • ^The jfubltc, - 'however, waS iSoon' astir :<iriięh Tt : 1eamed of ''the^officerB' "- taken mace. • .. ;" -.. : iSk^.^ace. ;..." . CHAPTER XTL ainbuiGHT vtsnoB. Idiinefliatdy on -the. rettmi ? -of the j^ort'rio ( !time 1 mmaking4ii« way.fcojhe ^dencfe of Dri Brook in order ito 'hand' 'j^xXyTi^c'j^itiiotolfceias. : ^ eitorfetUabont a nuaHer of r a mile from the police rŁar- «cks on the Xownsville i»ad,«ribnnded isr^'Noflji^glike fexerOTeforthemiJEcaei! The police officer did ea hewasbid, and there beingjiltle daylight left the a octor -threw %own 1m spade and aimte^ed On to' the verandah -with Popam. " - This is an unexpected pleasure, Fergieant. . In the first place, you. look very dry, and I muat confess that my own throat resembles a lime-kiln more than: anything else, so let*us have some claret and long sodas." The invitation sounded cool and re-, freshing to the senses, more especially' when, as everybody : knew, Dr. Brook: kept imported claret and that good of its sort. " I'll have hone of that confounded. Colonial rubbish. It's all very well "people saying that you get to like it in time, but for my part I never could. . Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady."' And as the Worthy man uttered these words he let down a canvas bag from the rafters of the verandah. " Now 111 be bound youll get no better wine than this either in or out of the colony." "- Se then proceeded to lift "from the cool water a bottle of choice claret known as the Chdieau lfargauz. '. The 'sergeant looked on, and would have preferred whisky if he had had hiB choice, bat he, knew that the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queensland climate as he would poison. \- "Now for some soda-water and a ciear apiece, and we'll hear what you're got to say, Popham." The news which the latter was abont to impart to-Dr. lirook was of so private " ttS&rBdtet; that he turned instinctively roimfi fobt nnytfBx, tcigftt te h'etonisg. " We're perfectly safe from eavesdroppers, I hope ?" asked Popham. Yes, my dear sir,; not a soul within ear-shot except my aged and muchrespected housekeeper, whose as deaf a* post, poor thing." Tho^ sergeant then went into details of the day's doings, which Dr. Brook followed with great interest, more especially when the circumstances in connection with the finding of Prescott's -flask were narrated. "Sothat's the article, is it V-said'the doctor, examining the beautifully-chased work and sniffing at the contents. "I can't say what may be in it, but certainly it hasn't the bouquet of a good genuine "whisky. . However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. Were all liquors unadulterated, we might conr ;riatulate ourselves that the millennium iad arrived. Aud," put in Popham, "less work for the doctors, ehf " Quite so ; our occupation in a mea sure would be gone. Why, half the hospitals are kept open by the sale of poisonous liquors. I've about half-a- dozen cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined themselves to light wines or,' better still, wholesome temperance drinks,they would be ob healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of the world." The doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket , of his cane- lounge, thinking it was well he had included light wines in the list of harmless beverages. " But this is straying from the question. You require me to make a careful analysis of the liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to prodfice a written etateme&t; and hand it over/" That's the nature of the business," answered Popham. And, furthermore, Bhonld any poison be discovered; to order an exhumation of Liscombo's remains and make an examination of the stoffnach "Quite so; ihe only examination I have yet made has been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show how the fracture was made. It might have been-caused by a blow from a'stick, or else have beeu the result of accideut, Jure and simple, such as a fall from a lorse. In any case, if there 'are traces of poison in the whiBky I will immediately make a thorough examination of the stomach." " It looks fishy," said the sergeant, "the flask having Prescott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him." - - The sergeant-talked to the doctor unrestrainedly, knowing that whatever passed between them would be kept in strict Secrecy.- "You are hard'at work' getting together all the evidence in' your power, I suppose ?" Yefe, and a pretty business it,it. At best -wie have'only evidence of a purely circumstantial nature ami that Scarcely enough to arrest anyone 'upoib." 111 have to look alive," said the doctor. " in: order.to get mine ready by the ISth.—Wbat is your opinion about Prescott 1" - The sergeant for a moment hardly liked -to make "reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustache ..and gazing into space as was his cUBfoiti whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up—.. ' After a moment be made -reply " Well, doctor,--either, that he is the most cunning and designing scoundi -else -innocent of the ^basest 'crime mancanbecbargedwith." He'm J that doesn't tell' me much; Tormypart,- I'vealways ładlbehighest opinion* of^Prescbtt, aim cannot see what tnotiye there was . for getting rid "of ISs^ cOmhe. It's clear thattKeyagreed about as" tfell as'fl keg orgunpowder-«nd a lighted match, hut s≪ thórerinnst be a veiybroad.line 'between J bearing :animosityiagahiet a-man and doing away with him. No, I can't believe that Pies -teott is łhe slayer of the lMańager of Rappoe." " • • r;*'Remember," -said JPsl&am;? " there *ete £3505 U stake."' ; • A maii idon't care, abpnt" 'partii^ with ; that ^he 1 } thinks hectó^óhMwaydewtera ^'Mbi^hajy imbtiv^ I am aware, have a . good deal {to do with .£he taking of tneh 1 B'IiveŁ ^ja fact, in nine cases out of ai^ywithLiscombeorer amoneytianE'' actionis-moreithan"! cancredit." Well,!aoctor, iiow do ijoa tr^concUe thtósidea-in yoUŁmind^wiffi those 'documents which "were found in XHstombea SaiwaljBKinegS^ \- • • fc.a ' .... . ^ tune, and tola źtrovaSiB«ai«lłLer ^IIMbG m ^an^and^yer-afidoua^ ' Detectives, like most other members of community, have to make Uieir daily bread and at times this necessary commodity is hardly "earned, and often too at the t-isk "oTthi?3r"'own lives. Still the fact must remain that in many cases their errors of judgment are unpardonable when a man ie arrested on a charge of which he is wholly innocent. In their endeavors to earn for themselves praise of the world, handsome remuneration and speedy promotion, there a tendency to overshoot the mark. Sergeant Popham had had many successful coups, and in this particular instance comforted himself in the belief that he knew where to lay hands on the ricŁt person. It was past eleven o'clock when Popham rose to take his departure. "To-morrow, then, j-ou'll set to work, doctor, and I hope f uruish us -with some valuable information. r After this the trooper sauntered through the trim little garden with its wealth of flowering shrub.-, and plants, sending forth their aromatic fragrance on the still liight air. The qniet highway whiro led through thickly-grown clumps of pandauus palms and bamboos^ looked dreary enough as he tramped along,- sending up the Cne white dust which lay ankle-deep on the roadway. The sound of his foot-fall on the. solid hardwood rafters of the bridge which spanned the river alone broke the calm repose of the small town. The night was dose and almost stifling in its character, within doors, so much so that Popham resolved not to retire forthwith, knowing full well that little or no sieop would come to refresh him. He-according filled himself a pipe of tobacco and stretched himiself in a hammock which "occupied a corner of the verandah. He went over again in his miiid the events of the day which he felt sure were about to throw .strong light on the nature of Maurice Liscoinbe's death. If there were traces of poison jn the liquor—of which he had not the least doubt—the question must, be answered. " Who' was to blame ?' There could be little doubt eitheT that the flask which bore Sybil's, monogram was not L'iscombe's property. It was midnight. The palms and bamboos were stirred by a gentle breeze which ruffled their feathery tops, the flapping wings of some flying-fox as it'darted through space, might be heard, or the mournful cry of a jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light would appear. The sergeant was as thoroughly practical in character as a man could well be. No superstitious fancies ever found their way into his-clear and far-seeing mind, though his home in the old country had beep associated with all manner of bloodcurdling legends handed down from generation to generation and believed in to the letter by the old villagers who were as ignorant as people generally are—born, bred and dying in one spot. " I daresay I should have grown up exactly the same,- had I stayed there," he said to himself," his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancashire village. Romance is all very well, but when a man's starving there's devilish little romance in him. And that's been my experience before now, and .in Australia, too, where they say a man can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of.snperstition in the old country. It's simply ignorance Of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or BO and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of them. 7 " What had led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was more than he himself could have said. My God 1 there's a ghost 1" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the hammock and gazing steadily at an apparition which stood motionless at the garden gate. " Am I dreaming ; No, sare enough, I'm awake." The sergeant gave himself a pinch in order to make certain. At first'the sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled him, but in another instant he walked quickly down the direction of hiB nocturnal visitor. "By heavens, it's Łucy!" he said, beginning to recognise the well- known fea tureB of tie popular bar-maid. " What on earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too?" He was right. The figure before him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught else but ber robe de mtit, and her long raven treses falling in wavy masses about her shoulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large," lustrous and .black, yet there eeemed no whit of expression there, She was asleep—as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her bed. What tie devil shall I do with-her ?" the sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady Macbeth-iike visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to, having heard that £tich a thing might prove fatal, more especially when he Eiiew the bigbly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was the first time in his life that he had ever been confronted by such a sight, and hoped it-would be the last. Weil,-it's no use standing looking Łer all night, though she is nice. I've never before seen her look BO" fetching. My word, how. the boya would laugh if they only knew of this. Lucy at my liouse it this hour !" The sergeant; smiled at the hare idea of such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact that there was no eye witness of the scene. No one shall hear of it, I'm determined, and BO the sooner 'l ean get her back, to bed the better. .' Good evening, Lucy, will yón give me a whisky and bitters, J )pleBŚęf ' The sergeant thought this a good way of. buffing the conversation, being abOuiThe most natura! question.he could lixivia asked. -,:. * • The girl; neither-moved, nor spoke, but only gaied steadily beforeher, 4 , ,I can't stand this nouch longer. Periaps ehfill 'come inside if I ask her. Won't" yón reefc yobreelf araoment ; the : 1 -afternoon is Waim ?''- . , ' Thank you, if you'll keep secret -what rmaboatłoaay." ''•'.•'-' Juaft'&^UB jod led ?*• X rwon ł tóme . My further,''' she remarked ;"Tm preaiedfbr time.iinjtót, • - -"'.^h^u^^h^stóa^itijaiBaii. jungtp^iend. ^s^uMnyytWR sergeant, I kno»4fcatl«aapntmy' ' = sir-** . The girl put out her hand, glittering" with many precious stones of-a doubtful character, which Popham held gently. " And now for my story. I couldn't sleep to-night when I went to bed, with this dreadful weight on my mind, so dressed myself and came up here." The sergeant gazed down at the embroidered robe of the somnambulist and smiled at the ideą. " I knew that the body of Maurice Łiscombe would be found sooner or later. ' Murder will out' is a true saying, and has proved' so in this case. I have come here to give you some strong evidence which will bring Hiat man to justice." " Who is that man T' Lucy at this question went off into a high-pitched scream of laughter, demoniacal and unnatural in sound. "How can you ask that question?" she said when BIIB had recovered her composure. " Why, Sybil Prescott is Liscombe's murderer. Oh! don't look surprised. The word sounds harsh enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as true as ever a thing was in this life." The sergeant heeded not the statement made by the woman in her present state, yet withal there waB an irresistible fascination to -listen to all she had to say. " To bring Sybil Prescott to justice is my purpose. Thośe documents which tell so much against him are as nothing besidfe what I have seen with my own eyes. I know their contents, but how I know them don't ask me. There was a flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, iveuld- prove something that he might not like. That flask was uiven to Liscombe the night when herode to his <feath." What did it contain T' asked the sergeant. " It con tuned poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ah 1 a-.woman was not given her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this—told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said within me all was not right. I heard someone in the bar this evening talking abont drugged liquor, so perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should Prescott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that he has never in his life done before. The reason is not hard to guess. You know as much as I do about both of them. I .will say no. more. Know this, Bcrg'ant, that the blood of Liscombe is on that young man's hinds. Arrest him without -delay and give him liis deserts." Lucy by this time had wound herself up tu an unnatural pitch of excitement, so much so that Popham began to fear that she would awaken. Notso, however. She still held on with lier rambling and at times incoherent account of what Bhe wished-tbe police officer to believe. " Maurice Liscombc was kind to me, though I never liked him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was it ? He was already an engaged men. How handsome, how noble thought he was. He could nerer be mine. All has happened for the beBt. My life would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Time is going ; I must get home again. Will you walk as far as the gate 1 I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurice have been killed unless as I have Baid by poison 1 What will a man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like be had? Ahlthethought is horrible, horrible, honrible!" As she uttered the words the moved slowly down the stepsj beckoning Pop- ham to follow. At the gate she whispered in his r: " Remember, let no one know what I have told you." lu another inBtant she had vanished through the darkness along the shadowy road. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go inside and if possible sleep it off. Evidence coming in this fashion Is darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it." Soon the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep and for the time he was quite oblivious that there had ever lived such a person as Maurice Liscombe. CHAPTER XX. THE ABBESS. Sybil Julian Prescott, I arrest you for the wilful murder of one Maurice Liscombe !" Such were the words uttered a few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into the heart of the hardest of criminals; but with . Sybil, though grim enough when pronounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thearrest was the verandah of Sybil's house at Rappoe, Aą was cuBton&ry;, now that Maurice Liscombe was CO more, he and Roycroft would often take an al fresco breakfast on the broad, shady verandah. Whilst partaking of coffee, rolls and luscious tropic fruits the eye could be refreshed with the bright emerald foliage of the cane-fields, nil glistening and cool-looking under the first lays of an ieariy sun. How many times had they sat -there, talking of all manner of things, and not the least of-them many and many a time before discussed in all its bearings thie case of which Sybil now formed the central figure. ft is a well known thing among the police that of ten an arrest is made in one quarter in order that another party of whom they have suspicion may be thrown off his : guard. With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt tbem to commit a crime their conduct is oftentimes marked in after actions by folly and cowardice, thOngh previously they had had enough' courage to carry out their designs: • ' What gladder tidings can be carried' to the ears of any law-transgressor than, tó hear that for .thie dime of "which he alone is góiłty another and an innocent man has been arrested 3 ' . . . ' . • *' He gloats and chuckles to himself at the idealof^such a. tiling and would willingly go and see tvim suffer the last penalty of the law rather than raise a finger to eave him. '• - - ^ ',. ) ' HeliEtleitoamsthtóbytóunifing such lie leasta BviSpects; ;aye, and even talk lliey piy him with «rbiaty, ^nd leara much that titlinrwise he would have feared to touch' iipon in his sober moments. At length, by a word let slip, by a something however trivial it may appear to the gen oral public, he incriminates himself. In an instant the iron bands encircle his wrists. He is a prisoner, and no one more astonished than himself. Had'Sergoant Popham arrested Sybil order to' make the arrest of another more certain ? No one could say. - As an officer who knew "what his duty was nobody questioned for a moment. The case wis in his hands for solution, and the first step towards bringing the slayer of Lirscombe to justice had been taken. The public would look on and follow each stage of the proceedings with that voracious appetite for supping upon horrors which Is BO characteristic of the average law-court lounger. Though the inquest had been fixed for certain date, it was necessary to postpone it for a week later in order that the witnesses might have due notice and that any further evidence forthcoming might also be obtained. Will there be no time to write a letter or settle other matters ?" inquired Sybil as Popham and Tulloch stood before his chair. "I've much to say that I should like. Could you give me an hour ?" Very sorry to say, sir, that we can't. Our orders are to take you without delay to Thornton. No doubt you'll be able to do any business there that you may require. There'll be a clear week before the inquest, during which you'll have plenty of. time to yourself." A grim smile overspread Sybil's face at the thoughts of that weary week before him. And who could say, perhaps, how many weary weeks there might not be after that, supposing they found him guilty ? AM Roycroft heard the Btem order of Sergeant Popham, he drew Sybil aside, scarcely able to articulate clearly the comforting words which he wished say. With an effort, however, he mastered himself. Bear up, old bey; the crisis has come at last. You Bhow nothing of what you feel ; were you to do so, perhaps, yon would appear less plucky than you really are. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, and we'll ride to Thornton under escort." His last words were almost spoken in a jocular manner, as he ran down the steps and took a path in the direction of the stables. Whilst Roycroft was absent, Sybil and the troopers remained beside the breakfast table. Had these stern guardians of the law been off duty they would readily have accepted the light wines and cigars which Sybil so kindly offered. As it was, however, they could accept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. They were stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily before them over the waving cane-tops, bending to the morning breeze with a sad, mournful sound like the waves of the sea. And this world of Bunshine, this broad, far- stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs and .dusky savages laughed and revelled, was to be exchanged for the dark, unwholesome atmosphere of a felon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eye roamed at will across the familiar landscape far away towards that frowning fortress-like rock of Grazebrook, where poor Christine watched and hoped for his re turn. Ah! cruel enough he thought it all but easy to bear were she not made to Buffer on hiB account. This was a thought., sharp aB an arrow entering his side, which maddened him to dwell upon.»- Why should she be made to suffer?" he kept repeating to himself. And then his eye was suddenly attracted by the ornamental hilt of Popham's revolver, protruding from its esse, Flight never entered his mind, and he even smiled to himself at the idea of euch a weapon being carried on his account. Though hiB rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descriptions, no thought of ever "carrying one in self-defence had ever occurred to him. I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it," he had often said when stories of "nigger-potting," as it is familiarly termed, were told him by another. Some, no doubt," he thought, " would have taken to the bush immediately when they had known there was a chance of being arrested, cramming as many shooting irons and daggers into their belt as would terrify a host. I Bee nothing in it. as ten chances to one the capture would have been effected all the same. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always the case with those who carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from? God and my conscience tell me what is right, and that's enough." By this time Roycroft had brought up the horses 'which Sybil and he were going to ride to the township. How fresh and' well-conditioned they appeared in the 'bright morning light, fcurning their heads in the direction of their' comfortable loose-boxes, from whence came' the neighing of stablecompanions. Au these every-day trifles were , now taken note of by Sybil as he sat in moody silence. Most, no doubt, have experienced the same when, perhaps; for the last time they are looking -at some ' well known scene in which everything, be it small or great, leaves an impression long to be remembered when years have rolled their coune. Shall I be permitted to accompany Mr. Prescott t" asked Roycroft of the sergeant as'tiiey were making preparations for the start. By all means. No doubt" your aervices will be of use to the prisoner. He may have messages to Bend." How harsh the word prisoner sounded to ' tbe ears of the young fellows, though « common enough >one with Popham. "Then we're all ready. Tulloch, do yon take tip the rear whilst I ride in front. Remember, Mr. Prescott, this is more as a matter of form than anything else. We have tjo fear that you will try to escape." Sybil had been arrested so qui^ly that scarcely anyone -on the plantation was .awaceofitt. . The quartstta were riding down one of Ihe: qnleV cane-gladea, whence •canto the the"long^tiambooB fell in heaps ready for "garnering. \- THiey little dreamed that their master was being hurried -forward to answer questioiis befoce a tribunal on so hideous a change.—{To foeontinued.) VW3 