CARDINAL MANNING ON THE RE-UNION OF CHRISTENDOM. Controversy Repels, but Charity Unites." The following ia the letter addressed by the Cardinal Archbishop to the Editor of the Religious Review of Reviews:— " My dear Dr. Lunn—I will not again refuse to send you a few words, but it is difficult for me to do more than listen to the voices which are reviewing ' the Churches.' In May, 1848, I saw and spoke for the first time with Pius IX. He questioned me at length about the Christianity of England, and about the multiplicity of good and charitable works done by Anglicans and Dissenters, ending with the Quakers and the great prison reformation of Mrs. Fry. He then leaned back in his chair, and said, as if to him self—' The English do a multitude of good works; and when men do good works God always pours out His grace. My poor prayers are offered day by day for England.' Since that time every year •has multiplied all kinds of good works in England. There can be no doubt that an especial power of the Holy Ghost has breathed, and is still breathing, over our people. I gladly repeat the words of Pius IX., for I rejoice over the good works which cover the face of our country. My daily prayer is for England ; and, so far as it has been in my power, I have shared your good works and united with your peaceful and beneficent aims. In the words which open your first number I heartily agree, You say, ' The tendency of religion iu our day is towards union.' There has grown up in the last fifty years a vivid senBe or instinct that division is evil, and the source of evils. The desire and prayers for the re-union of Christendom have created movements and organisations both in the Anglican and in the Dissenting bodies, and your Review of the Churches is its latest and most resolute manifestation. " When I held back from writing as one of your contributors, it was not from any slackness in desiring that all our hearts may be drawn into unity, but from unwillingness to strike a note out of harmony with you. You have many ways of seeking union. We have but one. Union in good works has, indeed, a con straining moral influence in bringing the most remote men together, and charity is a way to Truth : ' If any man will do His will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God.' This is a safe course for those who are divided from each other. Controversy repels, but charity unites. Your present action cannot fail to bring many minds into closer union of goodwill. But this is neither our need nor our method. Union is not unity. And unity is not the creation of human wills, but of the Divine. It does not spring up from the earth—it descends irom heaven. St. Cyprian truly describes it as the raiment of Our Lord, ' without seam, woven from the top throughout by heavenly sacra ments.' It is Truth that generates Unity, and it can be recovered only by the same principle and from the Bame source from which it descended in the beginning. "Mr. Price Hughes has quoted, he says with surprise, Borne words of mine from a book on the Internal Mission of j the Holy Ghost. There was no need for surprise; for these wordB are only the Catholic doctrine of the universality of | grace. And they pre-suppose the doctrine of the visible Oburch, which has not only a visible body, but: also an invisible soul. The bouI of the Church is as old as Abel, and as wide as the race of mankind. It embraces every soul of man who haB lived, or at least has died, in union with God by the indwellingof the Holy Ghost. Nearly thirty yeaiffiyp I published all j thiB in answer tdfffi^Triend, the late Dr. Pusey, in n lotted on l^-Worlmgs.of the j Spirit in the Church of England. This letter has been lately reprinted by Messrs Burns and OateB. Thus far, then, I can lav a basiBon which to write and to hope with all your contributors. We believe that the Holy Ghostbreathes throughout the world, and gathers into Union with God, and to eternal life, all those who faithfully eo- operate with His light and grace. None are responsible lor dying inculpably out of the visible body ot~fhe Church. They only are culpable who knowingly and wilfully reject its Divine voice when sufficiently known to them. But I must not go on, for you are seeking union in agreements, and I have no will to strike a discordant note. You Bay truly " the controversies to which most of our ChurcheB owe their rise have lost much of their interest for us; some of them are hardly intelligible." I have two great advantages. I can hope and embrace you in the soul of the Church, and I can rejoice in all, and gladly Bhare in many of your good works. May the Holy Ghost renew tlis own unity in Truth ! " Believe me, my dear Dr. Lunn, yours very truly, V* Henry E., Card. Manning. " Archbishop's House, Oct. 30, 1891." During the laBt three years the Catholic Church haB advanced considerably in Fiji. Last year there were 426 converts. The Catholic population of Fiji is now 10,920, with 2,734 children attending Catholic schools. The Hungarian Primacy. — The official Gazette at Budapest has published the nomination of Arch-Abbot Claude Yaszara to the See of Gran, which has been vacant for some time. The new Prince Primate of Hungary, the son of poor parents, was born in 1832. In 1854 he entered the Benedictine Order, and soon afterwards obtained a professorship at Komore. After a long and useful academical career, during which be displayed great literary activity, he became Arch-Abbot of Martensberg, the most ancient monastery in Hungary, richly endowed by the King St. Stephen. His accession to the highest ecclesiastical dignity in Hungary is being hailed with great satisfaction. Mgr. Yaszara is likewise believed to favor the removal of the Primatial See from Gran to Budapest —a project the realisation of which is much desired by the Hungarian Legislature. The Religion op the Irish Soldier. —There is still another, and perhaps more important than any sustaining power which the Irish soldier has ; he believes in his religion. With him it is a faith and a reality. It is not a fashionable infidelity or a formal observance. His priests are always with him, ready to give him advice and religious comfort in life, and shrive him in death, and bear his last message to those near and dear to him, far away. He sees and knows that the hand of his Church is around him and above him; that her intercessions with His Saviour, in whom he trusts, will plead for his sins as he passes through the dark valley and shadow of death, and in full faith he relies on her for his here after. He listens to her offices, and recognizes her ordinances, and partakes of her sacraments in the field, and com mits his soul to her keeping before the humble and rude altar, raised perhaps with drums piled one on top of the other, and draped with the flag that he is about to follow in battle, aB cheerfully, and implicitly, and reverently as he does in the arched Cathedral, where the Holy Mass is intoned with the accompaniment of the rich swelling music of the pealing organ, before an altar decorated and enriched by all that art and piety can best bestow to make it worthy of the service of God, to which it is dedicated. Without intending to institute any com parison between the chaplains of the Catholic regiments and those denomi nations, I may be permitted to Bay that the Catholic clergy were fully equal to the duty imposed upon them, and in all their ministrations seemed to show that they strove to do their whole duty to those whose souls were entrusted to their care, rather in obedience to the ordinances of the Church, of which they are members, than with any regard to army regulation or the authority of temporal power.— Gen. B. F. Butler. Respect towards the Blessed Sacra ment.— Monsignor Mermillod tells us, that when vicar of Geneva, he was the cause of converting a Protestant by simply making a genuflection before the Blessed Sacrament. It was his cuBtom to go every evening and pay a visit to the church, trim the lamp, see the door securely fastened, and that nobody remained hidden, for they were always afraid of a sacrilege. He returned to the foot of the altar, made a devout genuflection, and in leaving kisBed the ground as a mark of perfect adoration. One evening^ ■ believ ing himself quite ajone, he wjg*in ths act of rising after ^concludingjfijli devo tions when he heard a noise, the con fessional door opened'-and a lady came out. " What are you doing here at this hour, madam ?" "J^jam a Protestant," Bhe replied, "as you know; I have attended the Lenten services and listened to the instruction which you gave on the Real Presence. I was convinced by your arguments ; one doubt alone remained— forgive me for expressing it: * Does he believe,' I asked myself, fin what he Bays 1' To convince myself of this I came here to see if-in secret1 you' wbuld behave towards the Holy - Eucharist as one who' believed; I was reaolvedfif I saw your conduct acocnded with your teaching to be converted.1 I came and f'believe. Hear my confession." To-day ahe is pne of the most fervent Catholics w Geneva. . AN American paper, speaking of Father .Anderledy, Superior-General of the Order ■of the Jesuits, says—" Be is a born diplo . matist, a profound theologian, a man of polished manners, an incomparable ad ■ minstrator, and a wonderful linguist. He speaks no less than eight languages." The Cardinals —Each Cardinal re ceives, in monthly payments out of the Papal Treasury, the sum of 21,480 francs annually. This IB their nominally fixed stipend, and is called their " piatto cardinalizio," probably because the sum due was formerly presented on a silver plate (piatto) At Christmas time each Cardinal received a surplus of 500 francs, known as indemnity for postal expenses. When the Italians entered Rome the College of Cardinals was deprived of this addition to their finances. Besides the nominal Bum, there are a few accessory revenues. The Sacred College possesses some property, the total value of which is 40,000 francs. The Sovereign Pontiff deducts 15,000 from this revenue in favor -of Roman schools, and the administration retains 10,000 francs for the expenses of management, etc. Hence, the 15,000 francs which remain are divided amongst the Cardinals, generally residing in Rome, and who number about thirty. There are also occasional perquisites, having their origin in the rights of Cardinals over the nominations made in Consistories, and which amount to 1,000 francs only. When one thinks of a Cardinal's obliga tory expenses alone, we must conclude that he can barely pay his way, and that there is very little left for the necessaries •of life, Me. O'Brien on the Irish Priests. —SpeakiDg at Cork, Mr. Wm. O'Brien, referring to a recent speech of Mr. ■John Redmond, said :—"I do not know whether really, speaking to my own fellow-citizens of Cork, it is worth my while to stoop and wrangle with Mr. John Redmond. As to his lying versions of our private conversations in Boulogne, I am content to put my humble character for truth and for honor before my fellow citizans in comparison with his; and I "believe that my fellow-citizens will not doubt me to-night when I declare solemnly that that man's statement as to my views of the priesthood of Ireland i« as utterly base and baseless a libel as ever passed the lips of man. I have had to differ with good priests in Ireland on questions of .National politics, and I challenge any man living to say that I ever in public or in private referred to the priesthood of Ireland as a body except in terms of veneration and of affection as true friends of their people, as prieBts above stain or reproach, and as the very cream and salt of all that is best to our Irish nation. That has been my opinion of the Irish priesthood of Ireland in public and in private all the days of my life ; and I say that any man knowing me who sajts the opposite knows in his own heart that he is a liar, and knows that every fibre of my being beats with the faith and with the nationality and with the true hearts of the faithful priesthood of Ireland." 