A RUN HOME TO ENGLAND- (BY A OIPP3LANDÏR.) . ADEN AND THESUEZ CANAL. Carthage, June 28»h. T think I sent my last letter from Aden, bat it was written just after leaving Ceylon. It was fortunate I wrote it when I did, for the third day after leaving Colombo we got into the south-west mônsoon, and from there to the Gulf of Aden, letter writing was oui of the ques- tion, indeed it took a smart man to keep his feet, let alone write. The monsoon caught us one afternoon, and for two days there was a tremendous sea on, which came aboard in tons and kept everything uncomfortable. However, misfortunes end some time, and the eighth day after leaving Oevlun Fonnd us anchored off Steamer Pomt, Aden. .Aden isn't a very beautiful place at any time, and having seen it before, and our time of staying being only an hour or two, I didn't gôâshore, bat contented myaeli with taking stock of the Arab fuit and curio sellers, who do a lively business on board. By-and-bye the steam tender came alongside with the few passengers from Bombay, who had arrived by the "Siam" a few hoars before. We got away ahout 11 o'clock at night, and the weather being warm most of us slept on deck. In the morning we passed the island of Perim, where I believe there is a small garrison supplied from Aden. It mast be a cruelly nncomfortàble place to live in, hot and arid, apparently not a green rhing on if, and' nothing but sea and desert within cooee. The Red Sea is dangerous on account o! shoals and reefs, but seems to be well lighted. It is just as well it is, for it most be a terribly wretched place for a wreck. The loss of the "Carnatic" years ago, and the recent loss of the "Dacca" show that. - However, we got through alright, and Wednesday morning showed Suez right ahead, and away to the right Port Ismail and the entrance of the famous canal. Suez is an old town, truly oriental, narrow streets, lofty houses with latticed windows ; bnt the business part of it is Port Ismail at the entrance of the canal, where they have fine new docks and treeshaded roads. About the canal itself there isn't mach to say, it is a huge ditch with the blazing desert on each side. At Ismail, half-way up, we took on board " * some of the suite of some Egyptian swell—very nicefellows with a great fnnd of information about Cairo and Egypt in general. Most steamers go through the canal now, with the electric search light at night, and the sight of several large steamers coming slowly along throngh tbe désert with the search light shining far ahead, is something to remember for ever. As you lie tied up to the bank at one of the gares or stopping places you see thé brill-'ant beams ahead ; they come nearer slcwly and gradually until tbe boge light is jast in front of you, and then the big ship glides past like â black ghost (if there is such a thing), going so slowly that you can hardly hear the thnd of hèr engines. If it is an English ship, they probably give you a cheer, and you wonder where they are all going, and what is likely to become of them. We reached Port Said, at the Mediterranean end cf the canal, oa Thursday morning about 7 o'clock, passing the "Parramatta" outward bound for Austra- lia. They were to coal at Port Said, and my previous knowledge of such things, warned to go ashore, which I did. I spent-a eanple of hours in - the town, buying Épine photos and cigarettes, had. breakfast, and got board hy ten or thereabouts, after which we got away, To-day we have been sailing along the coast of Greece, and are now passing some of the-.- Ionian islands. Zanta or Corfu probably. But I must bring this to an end. This is our last united <iay ; to-morrowwe reach Brindisi,and a lotof the passengers leave us. So to celebrate the occasion we are having a big night charades at 7,30 ; theatricals at 9 ; and - a dance to finish ap with. Heaven only knows what time we shall finishnp and get to bed. However, to-morroir is Sunday,' ànd ; if we go to church in Brindisi, it will make up for It, ao to 