TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 17, 1891. ————♦———— Lord Carrington has fired a bomb shell amongst the old-fashioned Tories, who imagine the colonies should vir- tually be governed from the charmed circles of Downing-street. In a speech at Bristol a few evenings ago, the ex- Governor of New South Wales said the tactics of Lord Knutsford were aggra- vating to the colonies, and tended to destroy the Empire. Lord Carrington was undoubtedly right when he said the red tape of Downing-street was calculated to aggravate the colonies? but there is very little fear of its break- ing up the Empire. At the present, the colonies and Great Britain are bound together by the strongest commercial, as well as social ties. It is the interest of both to maintain the condition, and so long as such an interest exists, no amount of red tape, or even petty dic- tation will destroy the compact. But Lord Carrington referred to a much more serious matter. He said the Tory party sought to maintain the divine right of the English in England to rule the en- tire British Empire. That such a spirit exists amongst the Tories is in- disputable ; and the sooner it is buried amongst other long-deceased supersti- tions the better for all concerned British democracy built up the colonies, and British democracy will keep them in their present pros- perous condition, so long as the Tory party in Dowing-street is satis- fied to rub its hands, even though it takes all the credit, without asking the rest of the world to believe it. It is absurd to talk of English, Irish, Scotch or Australians in connection with the matter. The three former by their pluck and energy first reduced the colonies from a terra incognita into a fair and prosperous continent, and the latter now assists in developing its resources. So long as all work cordially together, there is very little danger of retrogression ; but it is not politic for one of the parties to ask for all the credit, even though its head quarters may be situate in Downing street. ———————————————— Things are humming in Station-street. Amongst other improvements, Mr D. C. Cameron is arranging to build a two-story brick hotel for Mr D. E. Ryan, the pre- sent energetic lessee of the Railway Club Hotel. Business is so brisk that the old building is found altogether insufficient for accommodation required. The annual licensing courts for the dis- tricts of Kilmore, Pyalong, Forbes and Moranding will be held at the first men- tioned place at ten o'clock on Thursday, the 19th instant. Following impoundings are gazetted : — Euroa — Bay draught mare, J reversed near shoulder ; bay horse, W in diamond near shoulder. If not claimed, to be sold on fifth December. Murchison — Bay saddle horse, SSC over J near shoulder, IK off do., to be sold on ninth December. Nathalia, bay horse, branded TK over dash near shoulder ; old black horse, faint brand off shoulder. To be sold on third December, Following vacancies are notified in the Education department :— Head teachers at Creswick, Warburton, Caramut, Back Creek and Wittim Swamp. First female assistant, third class, at Williams town. First female assistant, fourth class, at Carlton. First male assistants, at Carlton and Fitzroy. Female junior assistants at Maldon and Clifton Hill. Male junior assistants at Ballarat and Brunswick West. Following notices are from last issue of the 'Gazette ' — Leases approved. — Executors of late T. Gaunt, 319a, Koby- boyn ; M. McK. McHarg, 279a, Pucka- punyal ; D. Hayes, 316a, Glenaroua ; C. McLean, 319a, Longwood. Grazing areas available, allotments 40a and 41a parish of Woodbourne, comprising 996 acres ; allotment 41a, do, containing 965 acres. The Avenel creamery is in a fair way of completion. In the course of about three weeks the company will have things in full working order. Mr W. J. Tonkin, the secretary, has proved himself most useful in his capacity. The company possesses one of the largest separators that can be obtained, capable of putting through three hundred gallons per hour. The building is spacious, well ventilated, and there is a good supply of water at hand. Now with a good supply of milk promised, the concern should hold its own with the neighbouring creameries. The management will be under control of Mr J. C. Johnston, of Cobden. Mr J. H. Cooke last week received a pressing invite with a good salary to conduct a large orchestral and choral class in Melbourne. This shows that his exceptional talents are at least recognised in the great Metropolis, and this step may prove the stairs to much bigger gains. We wish him every success. We are requested to state that he has accepted the conductorship of the Broadford Band and that he will continue to teach in Seymour as usual. A correspondent sends us the following — 'Of course it is only those people who do not interest themselves who are doubtless ignorant of tbe great inconvenience many are put to in the railway department. and I think it quite time something was done to suppress this neglect and delay in the maintenance department. Those who come under the traffic department are supposed to get their pay on the 7th of the month. Now, how is it that employes coming under maintenance cannot have their money at the same date as the traffic? In addition to this, many of our mankind are blamed by the trades- people, who, on the other hand, think that these men, who have to wait until the 10th of the month and sometimes later, are paid on the same date as traffic hands. Pos- sibly the easiest way to effect a remedy, would be to get the matter brought before tbe Assembly.' The local lodge of Hibernian Society gave an invitation smoke night in Per- ron's Hall on Thursday evening. There was a large number of guests present, and all enjoyed themselves thoroughly with the good things provided by the attentive stewards. Mr Guilfoyle occupied the chair, and after welcoming the mem- bers of the other lodges proposed the usual loyal toast. Mr A. W. Doxey then gained a round of applause for an excellent exhibition of clog dancing. Mr W. O'Callaghan next brought down the house with a comic song, and Mr Tristan proposed ' Kindred Societies.' The toast was suitably responded by Messrs Drew (Oddfellows), and Lee (Druids). Mr Harris gave a recitation with good effect, and Mr D. Dotter received an uproarious encore for his quaint rendition of a German song. Mr Newham was ap- plauded for a vocal number, and Mr Clinch gave an admirable recitation, entitled 'The Gift of tbe Gab.' Mr McHenry contributed the 'Midshipmite' and Mr O'Callaghan another comic, entitled ' Comin' thro' the Dye;' as an encore he sang 'I forgot it.' Mr Hordern caused a good deal of fun by gliding on the stage in a solemn suit of woe, and contributing a melancholy production about a lost wife. Mr Doxey gave another ex- hibition of dancing, and Mr Tindall con- tributed 'Stay with me' with excellent effect. In response to a loud encore he contributed a second number. ' That is love' by Mr Newham was succeeded by 'Across the Bridge' by Mr Hodge who was loudly applauded. The chairman proposed 'The Visitors,' which was responded to by Messrs Chap- man and Collas, and Mr O'Callaghan contributed 'It came off,' An encore also came off, and when the noise died away, Mr Tristan proposed ' The Chair- man.' The response by Mr Guilfoyle closed a very pleasent programme. Things are again getting a bit mixed at the Kilmore Hospital. The Rev Mr Toomath is indignant because a patient was allowed to change his religion with out consulting Mr Toomath, and Dr Semple is indignant because the house steward says the hospital was over crowded with patients recently. If this sort of thing goes on, the public will again feel inclined to be indignant, and the blame and annoyance will fall on the hard-working and innocent committee. The Druids' picnic, which takes place to-morrow, should prove a very enjoyable outing, providing the weather is fine. As already notified, the committee have chartered a special train to run to Tra- wool, leaving Seymour at 10.30 a.m. and returning at 6 p.m. from Trawool. As the tickets are only 1s 9d for adults and 9d for children a fair number will doubt- less avail themselves of the trip to the picturesque locality. A variety entertainment was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Tallarook, on Thursday evening in aid of the funds. The programme was opened with a piano forte solo nicely rendered by Miss Dockery, after which Mr Davis contributed " My Queen." A musical selection by Mr Messenger preceded the song ' Belle Brandon' nicely rendered by Mrs Regan, Mr Derum was loudly encored for a comic number, and Professor Hartley contributed 'The Reign of Roses.' ' After Sunset ' by Miss Key was very well received, an expression which applies equally to 'All that Glitters' by Mr Reid. After an interval Miss Dockery gave another overture, and Master Key was encored for his singing of 'There's no one like Mother.' ' Far away ' by Miss Crohan was also encored, after which Messrs Derum and Messenger brought down the house with the comic duet ' It's grand to be a bobby.' Professor Hartley was loudly applauded for his singing ' I seek for thee in every flower.' Mrs Regan and Mr Davis contributed two more items. Selections by Miss and Master Key brought the second part of the programme to a close. The third portion consisted of the humorous farce 'Mulcahy's Troubles.' Messrs Derum and P. Messenger as Mr and Mrs Mulcahy caused roars of laughter. The remaining characters were creditably sustained by Messrs Davis, J. E. Derum and J . S. Howe. Payments are lying at the local office for the undermentioned :— W. Sawers, J. Ford, D. O'Leary, T. Clarke, J. Durack, F. Johnston, J. Miller, P. O'Brien, J. H. Smith, Executors of the late W. Sheehan, W. Fox, G. Cabassi, J. Campbell, W. H. Buckland, T. H. Chapman, W. Walker, J. Gordon, S. Borlase, F. S. Barker, C. Luckinovich, F. Parris and J. C, Weld. Messrs Rickerby and Co, the well known saddlers, and harness makers, late of Shepparton, have started business in Mr Cooper's old premises, Emily-street, opposite the Goulburn Hotel. There is an excellent stock on hand at reasonable figures, while repairs are executed at shortest notice, and extremely low rates. A serious fire occurred at the Tabilk Railway Station about 10.30 a.m. on Saturday last, resulting in the loss of two trucks and their contents, viz , one of straw and one of hay, together with the platform at the station and a large quantity of straw and hay stacked thereon, says the 'Times' The fire was caused by a spark from a Yankee engine attached to the 8.20. a.m. up goods train. Had it not been for the prompt action of these working close at hand uncoupling the other trucks and tak- ing them away, there is no telling to what extent the fire might have extended, as the station was well stocked with firewood and other goods. The damage done could not in any way be lessened, as there was no water available, and the material being so dry burned too fierce for anyone to get near it. The straw and hay destroyed were, we understand the property of Messrs L. Coe and Chapman, of this district, and the loss is estimated at £800. We (Benalla 'Standard') have it on excellent authority that Mr Geo. Phillipson of the well known auctioneering firm, intends offering himself as a candidate for the Benalla and Yarrawonga electorate at the ensuing general election. With the recent change to seasonable weather there has been a corresponding improvement in the district crops, and from all quarters (says the 'Horsham Times') cheering reports are being received. In some of the longest worked land wild oats and other rubbish may considerably lessen the yield of wheat, but many of the farmers will be com- pensated for the trouble taken in keeping their paddocks clean. Says the Murchison Advertiser.—Cats have the reputation of being possessed of nine lives, but according to the statement of a farmer residing between Murchison and Tatura, ' La Grippe ' has proved too much even for the animal of many lives, as the whole of his and a neighbour's cats (something- like a dozen in all) have suc- cumbed to the enemy. He states that the members of the feline race appeared to be similarly affected to human beings suffering from influenza, refused to eat and in the course of a week or so after being attacked gave up the ghost. Our farming friend also had a cow which was also under the influenza, but recovered. Neat. At an early date, Messrs S. Fitzgerald and Co, of 101 Queen Street, Melbourne, will offer for sale the property of the late Mr Gaunt, at Kobyboyn, comprising about 1,000 acres. The smoke night which was to have been held at Whitehead's Creek on Saturday evening, has been postponed until Saturday, the 28th inst, when a good programme will be provided. ———————————————— American Brooms from 1s to 1s 9d each. Derby and Ball's Scythe Handles, and Blades (patent). Hay Forks and Rakes. Hay Lashing. At W. W. Skinner's, Tallarook-street, Seymour. —————— The best Remedy for Indigestion—Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a simple remedy for indigestion, which is the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject. Morton's Pills with justice called the Natural Strengthener of the Human Stomach act as a powerful tonic and gentle aperient—mild is their operation and safe under any circumstances sold in bottles at 1s. 1½d, 2s. 9d. and 11s. by all medicine Venders throughout the world. 