A HAUNTED MAN, DB ALFasD S. BrnnAOE. I commenced life as clerk to a firm of well known country solicitors, with the hope that I might some day be articled and get through my " exams.," and start on my own account. In those days lawyer's clerks were permitted to appear before the magistrates in trivial cases, and my face soon became pretty well known.ant thopolice-court of'N-; I must-declineto give the name of the place and the name of the principal character of this story, for many and obvious reasons-one being that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the feelings of :ny rela tive he may have left behind. Mesirs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, were entrusted with many criminal cnases-in deed half the briefs during session and assize times were prepared by them. It was part of my duty to take down the preliminary state. ments of prosecutors and defendants, and to fish out cases to be cited either in support or extenuation of the various offences. mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a tearful woman who had scraped up a little money to defend an erring son (a remark of one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind--"Ah, sir," she said," when that lad was young, he wearied my arm, and now he has broken my. heart"); at others I bad to take notes from the rasping voice of some bullet-head~t frowning rascal who expected a "stretch," but wished it to be as short as possible. The corn and cattle market day at N was always a busy one. People poured into the city from all parts of the county, and gave us plenty to think about and do at the office. Parche and Ferritt departed in company as early aspossible for the seaside to -recruit their mental and physical strength, the junior clerks" went their several ways, and I, whose duty it was to lock up the office, and see that all was well, remained behind to work out some knotty point on the law of trespass, which was then bothering my mind. The desks were surrounded with green rep curtains, hung uponrings, so as to be moved one way or the other, and I was poring over a law book, when I thought I heard the rings jingle slightly. I put tie sound down to the effectofacur rent of iir, asno footfall had announced that anybody hadentered the office, and I did not even take the trouble to raise my head. But suddenly I started as a voice said: "I beg your pardon; can I have a few words with you." Looking up, I saw the face of an aged and grey-hairedman. The gaslight shone full upon his features, and I noticed that the muscles were moving as if the man had either been running, or suffered from chronic shortness of breath. "It is very late," I replied, "Messrs. Parche and Ferritt have left, but they willbehereearly on Monday morning. Is the business you have ccme upon of a very pressing nature?" " Not so much, you might think; and if I had written a note, it would have answered the same purpose. Yet"-he hesitated for a moment-" yet I should like to say what I have to say now, and have done with it." " Come round," I said, " and sit down ; you look fatigued. Why," I added, as the whole of his figure came within view, " it is MIr. Herrard; but I am sure I did not recog niso you. I suppose I must bame the gaslight for that."'' My visitor was a well-known man:at N-.t and.he had no common sorrow to bear:" Some sixteen years previous his wife had left him- in a mysterious manner, andhad never been sine heard of; Herrard published her" description in all the London and local papers,, but in vain, and the supposed basely-deceived hue. band became an Object of sympathy. His friends told him that he ought to be thankful that there were no children to bear the disgrace of their mother's shame. But as time went on the affair was for.otten, and William Herrard, a retired jeweller, moved about, receiving no more thought or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed man gets. in a busy place. "I am not much changed either," he said, forcing a smile to his thin lips. "I want to make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon day." "Where?-here, or at your own residence?" I asked. "I have business to do at the police-court," he replied, "and you will find me there. .YTo need not trouble to ask either of your governors to come, as you can take down the statement I have to make. Did you ever read this book ?" He put it down on the desk-dropped it, in fact; and glancing at the gaudily-illustrated work, I read the title, " Murder Will Out." '" N\o," I replied; "I had little time to read novels. I wish I had. What are you peeping round the screen for? There is nothing there. Perhaps you feel a draught, and if so, draw your chair a little further round." "'I thought I saw ."- He hesitated, and then, wrenching the chair on one side;," I am getting old and foolish, I think. Of course it is only fancy. I suppose you don't believe in ghosts?" ." " Not I," I responded, laughing, and yet feeling a little uncomfortable, without knowing .s?. ' jS? o'll .?e atse n aeh aoPn. -·: ..... "There's something about a ghost in that book," he said, tapping it with his forefinger. "I will leave it for you, as I. have readit through. There are many interesting passages in it, and it proves beyonda doubt that the con science of a guilty man will raise apparitions before his eyes. I have turned down one par ticular leaf. Good- night, and don't forget Mon day morning-eleven o'clock, sharp. Having been a busy man, I am very particular about appointments. Could you "-again he hesitated in the manner which I had marked as peculiar -" give me a glass of water ?" There was a carafe in the waiting-room, and I hurried to fetch it from the table. The room was in darkness, and, as I turned, I saw William Herrard gliding round the desk, and thought that he was coming to meet me. But his eyes had a strained and far.away ex pression, and his lips were moving, as though addressing somebody. "Mr. Herrard," I said, sharply, as I con fronted him, glass in hand, " you are not quits yourself to-night, and I advise you to go home." He swept his hand across his brow as he looked at me, and I saw that his face was damp with clammy perspiration. "Come," I added, "you must have had something to upset you to day, or you would not behave like this. I begin to think that you must have been too long in the company of some of your old friends, the farmers." "Perhaps-very likely," he muttered, takng the glass and emptying it greedily; "'ut I know what I am about and what I am saying. 3ind. eleven o'clock on Monday morning, sharp -and yo, will be there too." "Humph!" thought I, as I went back to the desk, "Herrard's been worshipping Bacchus to- day. Bother the man! he has quiteput me off my work." And neither work nor read could I, though I strove my hardest to do so. The words swam under my eyes; when I picked up a pen it slipped from my fin-ers, and Icnught myself at the trick of glsnceg up at the curtain, ex pecting not to see the face of Herrard there, butanother's. Outofpatiencewithmyself, Iflung "Murder Will Out" under the desk, tucked my law.books and papers under my arm, and went home, thinking that Iabould get along better after tea anda nap. But I grew worse instead of better. Ipaed the room and fidgetted about until I thought that I was going to be ill. The ticking of the clock annoyed me, and I atoppedit. The eyes of the portrait of some relation of my landlady's seemed to follow me about, until I had to z~estrain myself from smashing it; and at last I put on my hat, determined to go to thetheatre end shake off the unaccountable sensations which aseailed me. The p iece was of the gloomiest character, per formeadby unkappy-losring men and women, `--O-seemed determined to put tis wost con. '.tstuetionon thepsrts allotted tothem. The leading tragedian, a stage villain of the worst degree, revelled in the horrors he had to com mit: the despairing heroine shrieked with realistic terror; and even the inevitable low comedian had something blood-curdling to At the end of the second act I went out, dis spirited and dssgusted, calling myself a fool for not having noticed that the playbill announced " The Hangman of TOulon," and passed into a spper room, where I hoped to meet with somebody I knew who would cheer me up with achat. I called for a steak. which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and good enogh, but tomy palate was as bitter as gall. Peole came and went, but none of my ac quaintances. Melancholy had claimed me for otl own, and I went home the most miserable and dejected man within the city walls. I asked myaelf thereason a hundred times, but could odno solution to the question; and as in bed I tossedand tumbled, I cursed'Herrard, his appointment with me, his fancies, and the book hohad brought to the ofilice. "But I am the greatest idiot," I said. "If I were a child with some tragic story fresh in my mind, I might behave myself like this; but 2 who have seen the seamy side of life in al sost every phase, and taken everything as a matter of course, ought to have my head paunched." Then there arose before me many a form and faclI had seen standing in the dock. Sullen murerers, felous with crime stamped upon their brows. women shrieking for mercy, woment faintpng in the arms of the warders, mere lads clinging to the rail and peating like dogs as juries returned from their deliberations, nd criminals so familiar, alas, with the routine of prison life that they heard their sentences s nmoved, and went to their punishment with ais little emotion as honest folk go to their daily tooiL SBut'foremost of all these forms was that of William Herrard. It stood out from the rest, andzefuse~d to bedismissed. There it was, ever pressing its way to the front, now near the window, now near the door, and then leaning overthe bed-rail and regardiug me pensively. I believe that I should have gone mad if I -ad lain in bed throughout that awful night. I rose about two in the morning, lighted the candles, and, taking up a book, forced myself to read until the sun dispersed the shadows of the night, and awoke all nature to life and activity. With the freshening breeze the flowers shook the dewdrops from their drooping heads, and the birds sang so blilhely that I called myself doubly a fool for allowing fancies to oppress me. "The fact is," said I, as I splashed about tlike a porpoise in'sy ', tub," !' I must. get- out • 0f-theplae fio't-dit ay aht least. A A longramble on the seashore will do the trick, and make a new man of me." Dressed again, and after a soamewhathurried breaklifast, I took the first train to Y--." The carriages were crowded-with jaded-folks, who drankin the pure country air as if it were nectar; and when at last tlhe journey came to an end, it was a treat to see the happy faces of the people as they made for the long stretch' of golden strand, wohichwas for ever. re-echoing the unceasing voice of the ocean. I had not gonefarbeforo Idescried the figure of a man a long way ahead on a deserted per tion of the beach. IHe stood out in bold; sil houette relief against' the deep-blue sky, and though hehowas ully half a mile from"me, I could see that he was walking restlessly upp and down, with his head bowed, and his arms hang. inglistlessly at his side. 'I put him down to be a convalescent who preferred solitude to the society of pleasure seekers; bxt suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot 'descrb-e-the man was no other than William Herrard ! It was, to say the least, a strange coincidence that lshould find him hero; but he did not seem to think so, for, seeing are, he advanced quietly until we stood face to face. ' "I came down by the midnight train," he said, quietly, "and I have been waiting for you here. I knew that I would see you." "You knew that you would see me?" I gasped. "Yes, I dreamt it. I saw you coming to meet me as plainly as Isee you now that you ate here. I don't think you could have kept away had you tried." " Well," said I, laughing in spite of myself, "all I can tell you is that it was not until five o'clock this morning that I made up say mind to go anywhere." "That may be so," he returned, "hbut fate is olte annd-itrisnor th-e-power or?anto-scapeB from his destiny even in trivial things. I have no wish to detain you--indeed I wish to be alone. Under any other circumstances I would ask you to dine with me, but you would not care to think you had sat at the same table with me, and you will know the reason why to-morrow." I was more convinced than ever that the poor old man was going out of his mind, and did not care to leave him, as I caught him looking at the sea in a manner that suggested to my mind that the temptation need not be great to make ehim plunge headlong into the billows. "You had better come with me," I said. "Lower down the beach there are plenty of faces familiar to you. And I tell you what it is," I blurted out, "you ought to see a doctor, and not go prowling about away from every body as if you had committed a murder." He put out his hand as if to clutch my wrist. but turned upon his heel and walked swiftly away, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the I wished now from the bottom of my heart that I had not set foot in Y- -, and, as for William Herrard, I muttered some unkiid things about him as I returiied to the b'usyipart' of thlI beach and shook off the chagrah I felt-by making some. casual .alquaintances,-and dis cuossig the ordinory.tolpies'of the dgy. : ': Night found me back at N-, and, let me confess it, the wretched hours I had previously spent caused me to put on an additional night. cap, in the form of a stiff glass of whisky and water. My slumber was dreamless and sound, and I awoke in better spirits and with a lighter heart. I had not been long at the office before I re ceived a telegram from my employers, stating that they would not put m an appearance until noontide, and requesting me to look after sundry little matters within reach of my legal knowledge. - At half-past 10 I put some papers together with the view of callin' upon another solicitor on the wayto the Guidhall. As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper 'order, the door opened noisily, and in walked Inspector Atkins. "I have just stepped down," he said, "to say that William Herrard wishes to see you at once." " : I, Herrard," I replied, with emphasis on the prefix, "has already made an appointment with me for II o'clock." "I beg your pardon, sir," he said, " but we generally call prisoners by their names only." "Prisoners !" The papers fell in a disordered heap upon the floor. " Yesr, slr. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, and he stands charged, on his own -con fessiod, with having murdered his wife sixteen years ago on-this very date." t "Ohnonsenie !" said- I. ". Mr. Herrard i not himself:i He'called here on Saturday even ing, and I saw him at Y-- yesterday, and on both occasionsIwas struck by the strangeness v'e' eall ? ?- ? -a a -be;?r -a'-?.-rstB?? or" t myself." "' Iam only obeying. orders," the'inspector replied, "and, of course, you will do'asyou please with regard to seeing him. He spoke rationally enough when he came to the station, but said that he desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative Sof his legal advisers." - S"Very well," I said. 11 I suppose I must humour him, though he is madbeyond a doubt. I Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old man's delusions may cause him to fly into a i frenzy, nd I have no desire to be seized bythe throat, or anything of that kind. I will go with you at once, and get this disagreeable job over." Inspector Atkins smiled at my request, as I was a broad-shouldered, strong young fellow, who had held my own in boxing, boating, and swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on the way to the station, where I asked to see William Herrard's confession. It was simple enough, taken down at his own dictation, and ran as follows:-" I, William Herrard, of S- street, N----, do hereby de clare that on the morning of Monday, 20th. July, 185-, I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed I have known neither rest nor peaceof mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) Wsirsx HRsaan." . - "There," said I, pointing to the last words of the confession, "it does not need a wisohead to tell that the unfortunate man is not in a proper state of mind. He, Mr. Herrard, commit murder The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When I was quite a boy, I remember Mrs. Herrard, and she was very kind to me; but I fear that the reports which were circulated about her were only too tfue. Well"-sighing-"let me sea him." The chief canstable had been hastily sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to the cell. The dim light straggling through aesmall barred window near the ceiling fell upon William Herrurd. Henad asked to be supplied with writing materials and a small table, and he was so busy with the pen that he seemed unaware of my presence until the chief constable informed him of the fact. "Mr. Hitchingo," he said, petulantly, "there is a sounding-board over the cell doer, and I wish it to be taken down. It is not fair that your men should have the opportunity of hear.i my the conversation which will pass between this ,entleman and myself." "You shall have your own way,'" the chief constablexeplied, " although it is rather out of order." " Out of order, when Intend to give instruc tions for my defence l" " "' Oh, come," thought I, "this is better. He is coming round to his senses, and has repented of his folly already." reene Thso sounma-board was lited down frena th chains which held' it at an angle; andI was alone with the self-charged prisoner. "Are you sure," he said, "that nobody is loiterlas about outsidet" "Quite." I replied, sitting down on a bench that ran along the wall and did duty for a bed. "I thought you would have been satisfied with the removalof the sounding-board." "So I am," heresponded, "but only toIa certain extent. These officials have sharp ears, and know how touse them. I have given mySelf upo, but I am an old man, and although I wisbedtobe punished for my crime, I shold lilke it to be reduced to manslaughter. I did not start life as a bad man, and I don't want to be hanged like a dog. Let me have a few years of repentance in some place where £ am paying an extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me; I don't deserve to be free among honest men. Let them chain me, starve me if they will: but I don'tlet them carry me to the scaffold. I am an old man, avery old man, and my punish ment has been more than I can bear under the sunlight and amid the haunts of men." He buried his face in his hands for a few ] moments, and then rising suddenly, went to the door and listened. "You think me mad," he continued, as he returned to the table, "and I have been mad; but I am sane now. If your eyes were open, as mine are, you would faint with horror at the sight that is before me." I turned cold, shuddered, and glancing in. stinctively at the door, wished myself well on the other side of it. "Henrietta and I were ill-matched," he resumed. "We hadnot been married many months before I knew that ahe loved the money Ihad slaved for, and not myself. " Her heart was in the keeping of another man, who left-the country on the very day that I put the wedding ring on her finger. We had many quarrels, end during one. ihe told meto my face that her friends had per suaded her to marry.me, but that herlie was a ,urse-and misery-to her, since our union had driven the only man ahe had cared for acroam tihe seasna. " I stoSd staring at her as she made this con. fession, with every drop of blood tingling in my veins. I did notapeak, my throat seemed to have oised up, and I breathed with somach difcnIulty that I knew my face was turaiag black, and that the veins upon my brow were standing outlike whipcord. " "' So,' I contrived to articulate. at last ' you married me for my money, that-I might help your poverty-stricken friends, that they, might clothe.and better themselves . non my "'Your money !i he cried, contemptuously. 'I hate it, and loathe the very food it buys. You shall see, William IIerrard, that I can be carefuland return to you, with full interest, such sums as yvo may think you have lent or given mypcople.' " She was as good as her word. Her first act was to dismiss the servant, her second to cut down expenses, until we existed like people who live from hand to month.., No luxury that I ever brought home would she ever touch, and at last the gulf between us was so wide that we spoke to each other only when absolutely necessarv. " It is a miserable story, and I see by your face that you think it a contemptible one.- So it is. But consider what it is for man and wife to be continually at variance with each other. Love flown, no harmony of spirit or idea, no smile of welcome. Heaven knows, it is a cruel wrong that such people should ever meet. "Time went on. I. absented myself some. times for days together,- going where sudden impulse prompted me, and praying that one or the other of us might die, for life was unbear able-cold, cruel, and hopeless. ' One day, after such a journey, I returned to my miserable house. I had a duplicate key, and alter pausing in .the garden to look at a well I had orderej to be bricked in, and which the menhad just commence?, I let myself in. "Mly wife was absent, and I thoughtthat she might have gone to her freinds, as she some times did, without consulting me. Suddenly my eyes were attracted to some fragments of paper lying in the grate, and for the want of something to do, I picked them up, and began puttisg them together, just as a little child will play aimlessly with the pieces of a puzzleitdoes not understand. "By degrees I made out a word here and there, and then aline. The letter was frommy wife's first sweetheart, and if ever a man saw red then, I was that man. I was drunk with madness and the thought of ravenge. "I gloated over the thou"ht of meeting her, -and5raved,-slh?uted;and &sdanecd;I believe, in my delirirm ftight came, but Henrietta did not appear, and it was not until a late hour that I heard the garden gate open. I flew out of the house to meet her, and as we stood face to face, one bitter word escaped my lips. "'It is false!' she replied; 'the man you speak of has taught me a lesson which I intend to take to the heart. You have not read the letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes from me; you look like a fiend!' "' And a fiend you have made ofme,' I said, seizing her by the throat. ' Though you have been no wife to me, you shall not make your self infamous with my paltry rival.' "'ior love of the.mercy that comes from' heaven,' she cried, iletmespeak. Don'thillmo William! Don't :illmo!"- - " Down there, and tell your lying story;' I hissed, pushing her over the brisk of the well. " I heard only one cry, for I stepped my ears to the awful sounds which I knew must follow, as the well was more than a hundred feet deep, :nmfits decsyed machinoryhad falleni into the black pit long before I tooka the house.' ."Ira from the accursed spot, followed -by -herspectie. Iswvss inad; biit calmily' mad, and feoni that'moinent sterted' making inquiries oj her :whom I had killed.: First l went to her tfiehd's hdnst, and stei'nly dematided'sny wife. liytbbldm&oh;'e lind sitirtedhoirs befpre, and eeistf to the police statloi -fhis verd one-and made inquiries. The city wasscoured through out the night, all the next day, and on the following one a dozen advertisements stated that if ' Henrietta Herrard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.' . . "This disarmed suspicion, and thouch the detectives visited my place, they never thought fit to examine the well. I showed one or two fragments of the letter from abroad, and they came to the conclusion that my wife had quitted the country. 'But the rest of the letter I.kept. The hman wrhom I thought I hld erery reason to hate hiad written to say that hle was himself ,rrised, and hroped that my wife washappy withIi " The workmen came and bricked in the well. They whistled and sang as they toiled, little dreaming of what was deep down, shut from their eyes. " From then to now I have led the life of a haunted man. Henrietta has always been at my side. She was with me when I called at the office on Saturday night, with me when I stood on the lonely sea shore, and she is here sors. Lwok!--look ! As I speak she glides softly to my side, and beckons with a ghostly finger." \- I shuddered, and recoiled from him as if I saw the mark of some loathsome plague upon his haggard face. and stammered out: " I have heard enough. What would you have us do-defend yon." " Yes; because it was not murder. I killed her, it is true; but, as I thought, under the greatest provocation that a man can receive. What's that ? Was it you who saidI lied?" *-William Herrard elutched my wrist, and, Tice. "If I thought von would betray me by word or deed," he hissed, " yon-you should never leave this place alive. Do you hear ? I have suffered enough for my sin. I have been more miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hanged like a dog." M. Herrard," I replied, trying to speak ealmlyi "you must know perfectly well that solicitors or their representatives are in honour bound never to divulge a single word that a client may say or write. What have you been writinghere?" - He released me to pick up thepapers, saying: "I have been settlin my worldly affairs, as I know that I cannot livelong. See, in repara tion for the awful mistake fmade, I have left everything to my dead wife's relatives. Have. Inot done well?-is not that sufficient? Site does not think so. Her spirit will not go to its rest.- It remains with me always-always always l" H brok'e down, sobbing like a child, and I took the opportunity to say that it was time to SWilliam Herrard made nid reply, and I ramng the bell, andwas glad enough to find myself-in' the charge room again. .' " " What do you make of your client?" the 'chief constable asked. " ltad--undoubtedly mad," I replied. "It is a curious thing to say," Mr. Hitchings rejoined, "but for his own sake, I hope he is. We have known him so long as a quiet, respected man that-' - I turned away without hearing any more, for I was sickat heart, and longed for the sunlight and the faces of busy people. 'Space will not allow me to describe the various appearances of William Herrard and the romands from week to week. "I killed my wife,"he said over and over again. On all else he was dumb, and so were tee. It is an established fact that no man can be tried for murder unless the body, or part thereof, of his victim comes to light, and is identified beyond dispute; and people, believ ing in Herrard's insanity, fully believed that he would merely be put under restraint for a short time, and set at liberty again. But in the meantime the detectives were putting their heads togetherand hard at work. Experienced men from London came down, and not a niche or cranny of Herrard's premises was left un. noticed. The well was opened, men descended by long ladders, and found the skeleton of a woman clothed in rotting rags, a brooch, and sundry other small articles, proving beyond doubt that Herrard's confession was no mad man's story. He was committed for trial. The assizes came on, and arenowned Q.C. was-esage to defend ism; but all the arguments 'nd elo quence in the world could not save th? wretched man. He was found guilty anufhondemned to death. When asked in the usual form whether he had anything to say, he pointed to the well otlhs court." "Nothing, my lord," he replied. "Imerely wish to say that the spirit of my wife has been sitting at the side of the prosecuting counsel, and instructing him throughout the trial." I shall never forget thehorrified look on the barrister's face as long as I live. The evening beforethe execution of William Herrard arrived,' and my feet were drawn to wards the gaol. A waggon laden with timber stood outside for the construction of the awful machine of death, but the men in charge sat idly upon it, and whispered among each What had happened? Had a reprieve arrived . I was not kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder came out, and, nowing me well,, came up. "Iam thankfulto say sir," he said, "that the ghastly task will be spared us to-morrow. It is no secret now, so Ican speak without re serve. William Herrard is dead." " Committed suicideP?" I ejaculated. " How could he commit suimcide, sir, when he has been continually watched by two warders? Ie lay down to sleep, as they thought, this afternoon, and when they tried to rouse him to take his evening meal, they found that he had gone from an earthly tribunal to the greatest and highest of all." hMy story, with all its faults, is told, but I have endeavoured to tell it plainly, and, how. ever the readers may condemn its construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. In a word, the story of "A Haunted Man" is a trae one.-- ekly .Budget. 