THEATREICAL NOTES Dramatic Gossip. HAS THE THEATRE A "MISSION?" Certain people, who have not the courage to avow themselves as, like Mrs. John Gilpin, "on pleasure bent," and who, nevertheless, have a hankering after the fleshpots of gaiety and amusement, are wont to contend that the drama "rightly understood" is full of lofty possibilities in the way of the mental improve ment and moral regeneration of its votaries. Say that this were so—admit the unproved pretext to the standing of an axiom —and then let us consider whether these objects are those for the direct furtherance of whioh the theatre ought to exist. I think not. All trees are hot for fruit or for shelter, nor are all herbs that grow either for meat or for medicine. Not that those whose uses are hidden from the ordinary are necessarily valueless. The eucalyptus of these Australian wilds was for long-and-a-day held fit for nothing but to be cast into the oven. Now (while the fashion of the faith lasts) we must believe that it exhales a certain vital elixir, priceless in this mortal world. If the theatre has any value it will, I think, be found to exist rather as an emanation than in any tangible form. There is nothing for guidance in the journey of life to be gleaned from the modes whereby the stage people conduct their affairs. We cannot, even if our tastes so inclined us, dwell like the hero and heroine1 of rural comedy chiefly in a small front garden, inadequately fenced, with the "light that never was on land or sea" bringing up all our best points, and with no misfortunes except of a quite impossible kind. If we quarrelled with our kinsfolk and they became estranged, the sudden sight of our auburn-haired son in all the pathos of long ringlets and a big crochet collar would move them not to reconciliation but to derision. So on throughout the whole chapter of imprac ticable precedent. Neither is the theatre a school of manners. The grossest solecisms are allowed upon the stage in seven plays out of ten—and not merely to the underlings of the dramatis pertona. What we want when we go to the theatre is, I consider, that variety of distraction which is understood by amusement —not necessarily of • mirth- provoking but assuredly of a care dispelling kind. And it is no amusement to be set down, for example, to the solving of problems—of what sort soever—once the worries of the day are over and the evening lamps are lighted. We have quite enough of that pleasant business without paying for e'er • ticket. We prefer to see, say, oar old friend Hamlet and ku old friend the Ghost strut their little hour without distressing ourselves to decide -whether the Prince of Denmark was mad or sane. Let him settle that afterwards on his own side of the curtain with those he pinked so featly—unawares or otherwise. When the gas is out we are done with him. (The gas of the meter is here intended, not that of colonial metaphor.) Is it to be supposed that good (and matter-of fact) Queen Bess and her glittering cortege of gifted and gallant men ever tormented their brains with the psychical or social questions which might arise from the play of the evening as they wended their way by torchlight home ward from the Globe? And is it likely that those keen intellects and bright spirits got less titan the fullest measure of enjoyment to be had oat of Will Shakspeare's masterpieces? They knew what they were about. They went to a Plat for play purposes, and kept their astuteness and the like for Spain and the Netherlands. In order, however, that we should really enjoy our theatre there must be such a measure of excellence—in these more refined and better educated days—as will insure our being amused by and not at the entertainment. Horatio must not (as happens) utter his philosophy through his nose, nor the "most unhappy lady" bewail herself in the aooent of the Great Republic. - Let the " poor player" then, say I, leave the deep things of this world—and of the next —to the dramatist and to the scholar and the critic. And let him turn his attention to the proper rendering of his part as regards elocution and the wardrobe. Let him, for example, learn to walk, to sit, to stand, to open a letter, to call a servant, to address a lady, to announce his in tention of dying for her or for his country—in such a manner as to escape remark from the accustomed. Let his fair assooiate in the mimic art acquire a natural mode of pitching her voice, a correct pronunciation of the oftenest used foreign words and of most English ones. Let her learn to enunciate the vowels in a distinct and yet melodious tone, and to modu late her voice sufficiently for the exigencies of her various speeches, but not of " set pur pose" so evident as to give the impression of affectation. Briefly: We wish the theatrical fraternity would become painstaking rather than studious. We oan settle Vave questions for ourselves —with the aid of the lawyer and the divine. Bat excellent as these good friends of ours are they fail to amute us. We look to The Profes sion to do that. F. 