GENERAL NEWS. Here is the plot for a sensational story.which we present to son e of our budding Pirie novelists free grat is for nothing. Here it is :—On one of those old deserted roads just w here the last catting winds through the Ia/it black sprub, a little spring bui/bles out of the rock. This spot was picked upou by an old swagraan for his final camp. The mailman passing a few days later, carried the news to the town, and, in due course, th^ coroner, 'accompanied by a cell- Stable armed with a spade, went, out and "sat on : 'the remains of the old fellow, and also gave him a vei-y shallow burial—then made their way back to the nearest station on the tableland. 'During the evening the "coroner commenced discoursing, in an imaginative manner, upon the •neirdness of the locality. This sort of thing was laughed at by the pqnatter, who offered for a bet of five pounds to ride to the spring and back before midnight. The question arose as to how the coroner should know that the ride had been duly performed. The ^constable settled the question by remarking that the dead swagman's pipe, knife and tobacco were lying on ;a' etone beside the remains of the fire- (However, the "wager never caine off. The following evening the squatter happened to be down at, the men's hut. Noticing an .qld swagmuii sitting by the fire he enquired : "Do you want any tobacco, old man thanks ; I made a ripe where I camped last flight. : Some, carrier Jeft his knife, pipe, and tobacco on a, stone and made a big-hesp of earth:—what for, I couldn't make out. Anyway, it served me for a pillow." Now, bad the bet been made, and the squatter come jrantering "roerid the sharp turn in the road before reselling the spring, it is just possible that time Mould ..have been too precious for mutual enquiries. The old fellow might have been travelling towards the coast the next day, and the district wbiild have tWd a brand-new ghost- Chicago, the scene of the "World's Fair," is twenty-four miles long and teu ViiiU's 'wide. Last year 5,C,00,000 hogs and 3,000,000 cattle were slanghtered there. .Millionaire Postmaster-General Wanarnaker (tJ.S.) asked the little bnys of his Sundav school each t-o bring three bricks as a contribution to building their clinrch. . They did, and at latest thirty little bnys wei e on remand for stealing, bricks. A Bundabefg (Qy * Rechabite successfully claimed sick pay on thedieal certificates for 4 few -weeks. But the medical man discovered that the joker was " shamming Abraham, 5 ' and placed his next certificate in a sealed envelope. When the invalid turfied np ai 5 the 5 ^Dent-as usnal with his little demand, the secretary read out the following :—" This is to eeritfy that (-Toeantoast) is suffering froxn £ "chronic: £ lasinesB. .•"* (Signed ). 3&ci; %JSiek • payvi beingi refused. *the malingerer had the gall to summon the Tent Set;ri;t:H^' frtr • it, but the local P.M told him that the Friendly Societies' .'Act denied Ii im j u r i s di cti o n even tboughiis claim were good. When Colonel Bob Ingei-soll was J^st, ie visited.-^SVesfrimn.-; ister Atlbey for the first time. As he was rcontemplating the tomb of Nelson, the guide said : " That, sir, his the tomb of the greatest navai'ero Europe, or the 'ole world never knew -—Lord Nelson's. This marble sarconglipgnfi . weighs forty-two tons. Hinside that his a ;steel recepticle weighing twelve tons, apd hinside that is a leaden casket;, 'ermetrically seale4,-weighing over two tons- Hinside that'his a mahogany coffin holding the -hashes, of the great 'ero." " Well," :said . the colonel, after i Linking,awhile^," I guess you've got hiui. If he ever gets out of that, cable me at my expense." Near A1 bury/ (NT,S-'W-), the other day, a young man named William Splatt. who had passed bin splf off as a bushranger aud cill.id upon the driver and passengers of a mail-coach to "bail-up," was fined £20 fo "interfering with Her Majesty's mails.""" Mr.' T. A! Browne. P.M. (" Rolf Boldrewood''), presided on the Bench, and Splatt said, in answer to the charge, that he had been reading^.the P.M.'s book, " Bobbery Under Arms," from which he drew the inspiration to have a, lark with the Germanton coach. It seems to us that either Mr. Browne should have paid the line himself, or else that Alfred Da hi pier should give the wretched Splatt a benefit. ' A They cut things very "fine just now at Broken- Hill. A fe\v months ago the corporation invited Governor and Lady Jerrey to visit them and give eclat to Jhe opening of their new Town*Hal 11' They 1 have since been served with a writ by the caterer and baVe managed to square him, bnt they have inslructed the Town-Clerk to send Lord .Tersely a bill for his share of the expenses! The next prominent toxin invited to go up and look at their smoke-stnoks had better ask? f tUem- for a^m^rVed cheque for his exes.* " One Cayanagh, of Mooroopna, Yic,. who has put in : seven years at growing raisirtK,-and' who claims to have cleared £1600 last year by that industry, thus contrasts his case with that, of the conservative^ farmers rwho stick to- wliPat-grov^ngT— Instead of having ray head metnp horica'ly burnt off 'me'on a reaping machine, I smoke my pine nnder tlie shelter of my vines in the extremely' hot weather. I have no laborious work to .'do finbli'^s' i 'when I wa growing cereals, and I am confident that-1 :make-<mnre*money per year 111aii anv of my neighbours whostill slick <o wheat-gl-owiiiH', ! B a It is related that a certain Romanfaced Judge holding a high position on the Australian bench used, when practising in silk at the Bar, io'liinch everyday on twopenn'orth of soda biscuit,s. which frugjil but flatulent mixture was brought to him Toy the officeboy \vho3e services he economically shai-ed with three other land-sharks. This office-boy used to declare that he "dussn't cop any of the liiscuits 'cos the bloke—meaning the Q.C.—counted 'em. And," said he one day to the providore where he made purchases on behalf of the legal potentate, "you'd better give me another biscuit, cos I'm one short of what ye guv me yesterday and the BJoke'll think I muzzled if/' A bank-manager, who some months ago skipped with much coin from Paddington, Sydney, has been heard of from the Pacific Slope. In a letter to a friend he states that he did not leave the neighbourhood of Sydney for weeks after his " disappearance." He took a quiet cottage with a young lady "friend" in a sea-side suburb, where he " made-up" as an aged father, the lady passing off as his daughter. When the search cooled down the mailsteamer took the pair to 'FriscOj where they picked a Spot on which to settle for life. Working Men ! Don't be misled —C. H. Measday sells boots cluaper than any others in Port Pirie. 