MIXED MARRIAGES. Pastoral by the Bishop of Leeds. When the great apostle, St. Paul, was about to take leave of the pastors of the Church of Ephesus, with whom fiie bad sojourned for three years, he spoke to them in these words—" Take heed to yourselves, and to all the flock over ivhtbh the Holy Ghost, has placed ydh bishops, to rule the Church of God, which .He hath .purchased with His own bipod." This it is that weighs dowo a bishop : that he has to bear this burden.to tend his flock,, and be answerable, for its salvation. He must have the heart, the gentle heart, of the Good Shepherd; but he must also, when occBSion requires, "be lovingly austere." He must lead the flock not only by kindness, but, if need J>e» he must correct and reprove. Now, dear children in Jesus Christ, there is an evil growing in this diocese—au evil which needs reproof, which a bishop must stay; if be can—an evil which is silently and surely working untold mischief and ruin among the members of our Catholic people. The evil we speak of is that of mixed marriages. Drink is a curse to our people. It desolates homes, it ruins souls; but the miseries that 'arise from drink are, in our opinion, trifling when compared with the widespread havoc and the appalling -spiritual destruction which mixed marriages have wrought among the little ones of our flock. Au instance or two will be enough to show, this. "We know of one small mission in this dioceBe, of no more than 750 souls all told, where there have been fifty-six cases of mixed marriages. In thirty eases out of the fifty-six marriages the children born of them are utterly lost to the faith. In four cases only are they in any way satisfactory; the rest are very indifferent. We can mentioQ another mission in this diocese, far i removed from the one already spoken o£ where there are 132 members of one family alone, who ought all to be Catholics, and who have all abandoned their religion through mixed marriages. As this evil of mixed marriages has plainly come to be looked upon with a certain degree of indifference , cud unconcern among our people, we are bound from our office, as bishop, to speak against them, and in no measured terms condemn them, lest the terrible results which follow from them should be placed to our account. We are well aware that it is not easy to speak ojr write on this subject without wounding. Doubtless there are eome who listen to these words who have entered into such alliances. Doubtless there are some who will hear our. words who are the children of such alliances. Now,; we have no word of reproach to utter against these persons for what they have done in the past. Our-words are mainly for the younger members of our flock; they are meant specially for those who may hereafter enter into the married state. Ae the shepherd of the .flock, we would warn them of the ; dangers that fte before them, if they go counter to .the teachings of God'nJ Church, if they go counter to the prohibitipas of the Vicar of Jesus j Christ. : We would tell them before* hand, and warn them, lest evil and ruin, temporal and eternal, should fall "whebe erne those little ones?" Persons who enter into such, marriages cannot 4 follow out the j intention of opr BlesspA that not gMy. jbould .,1ft %»wl4o /atashbhld I be: brought up fir. the, holy Caihol faith. J3b Gathep pftseUt Can bterj the thought that h»er berchHdshoeld 4»ci bipotiftftt iipAliens, to tlrt faith. ;ffc| tjatbolic father, - nb1 Cathblfi 'mother, ChriBtf .Tabicljufxe always resounding in their It wnnldtbe : better for a man to have a millstone hanged »hoat hie neck,: and he droweed in the depths of the sea, tatter than scandalize one of these "lfttle ones." Who are these u little ones" t Parents buopr that they are their children, and they know, too, that tbeythemselveBi had better never have been horn than; that these children should lose their • faith and perish; bebitisejthey are: certain. that the hour' %UI coifoe When they wilf have to stftDd before the judgment-seat of Jesus > Christ, when fie will ask them:—" Where are those little ones of mine! " and they shall not be able to answer Him. No Catholic lather or Catholic mother can think of | this without alarm. Put how is it possible, how can it be possible, to rear children strong in the faith in a house divided against itself ? Believe . us, when wO say so, that it is hard enough, with all the advantages of a good Catholic home—of good parents, of good example, of Catholic prayer and Catholic observances; it is hard enough then to bring up children in the love and fear, of God, in the knowledge and the practice of the faith. But will it not be yet a harder task to do this in a house, only half-Catholic! Such children we may expect to grow up io a spirit of indifference to all religion, fiat .we are supposing that the mother is a Catholic. Let us suppose that she is not. Then, undoubtedly, the children run the gravest risk of losing their faith. Let up take the non Catholic mother at her best. From the nature of the case, if she be ever so good, she cannot be a Catholic mother to her children. She cannot instruct them in their religion, for she is not instructed herself. She cannot form ' their dispositions on the Catholic model, because she is ignorant of it. She cannot imprint on their young and receptive ipinds any reverence for the Catholic religion and its teachings— for the . Blessed Sacrament, for the Holy Sacfifice,for theBlessed Mother of ] God, for the apgcls and the saints—for the simple reason that what she. herself does not possess ehe cannot give to ber little ones. Though -she has done her utmost for them, there will yet, and always must be, a wide gulf separating her from them in those things which are of the highest importance to them, and which are closely bonnd up with their eternal destiny. But the non Catholic mother may be herself a very indifferent person in regard to religion. She may be any enemy to the faith, and so may juse her inflnence to rob them of their Catholic inheritance. We have known instances of this kind. In either case, therefore, the children must suffer^ At the best they can gain bat a: poor knowledge of theif religion. In all likelihood they will completely lose their faith. 