LAWN TENNIS NOTES, fBv Ubiquitous 1 Saturday's Fixtures. Dnlvtreiiy v. Ramblers. North Adelaide v. Zlogails. College Park v. Glen Osmond. In the DBBoeiation matcnes last Saturday the Zln garis defeated the KamWerB, the University beat the College Parks, and the North Adelaides defeated the Glen Oemonds. In the last named match matters looked rather uncomfortable for the Norths at one time, tor up to the last three sets the Glen Osmonds were Uadiag. The crack double of the Norths (Dow nes and SpUler) caimoti Doasv oi an unoearea recora now, xar a.. Bowen acd J. Murray beat them on Saturday by a game. Tbe play was very good throughout the set. J. D. Stuart and A. P Scott we reckoned a very good double, but they fell beavily before B. G. Bo wen and J. fowler, 9—16. Phillips and Jagoe had tbe honor of wintiiog the only double for the Norths, their oppo nents being W. Henderson and B. Johnston. Stuart and Bowen met for the second time this season, and again victory was achieved by tbe younger player. Stnart played a splendid defecelve game, and. his feat ot increasing his score from 3— 8 to 10— 91b worthy of all praise. Bowen proved s little too quick at die end and won, 11 — 10. Percy Scott by eome fine volley tog beat Murray. 11—8. Bplller disposed ot Fowler for 11—5, and Jagoe beat A. Bowen, 11-9. * Tbe University were not caught napping a second time against tbe College Parks, as the easreB oi 88—61 will ehow. The Parks strengthened their team by the inclusion of J. Greayer tor the first time. Cooke and J. Greayer made things warm for Baker and F. Sons, but the latter pair proved relUble and won after eome good tennis had been shown on both sides. 16 — 13. J. G. Oavenagh and H. Bill are a very strong pair, which the University would do well to keep together, as they play well in uoieon. Chappie and uaalt are a very fair double, but they failed to obtain more than four games against OavenBgh ana HilL W. Ganson and J. Iebister beat Randall and C. Greayer 16—9. Gunson was very streaky at times, and Iebister was not at all up to form. In the singles Baker cave a fine display of tennis against J. Greayer, who seemed quite third-rate agiinal tnoh a player as Baker. By smashing and placing along the bide lines be beat Greayer 11—2 Baker is by far the best single now playing in matches. F. Hone was too canny a player for Ganlt to stand against, so he gave up the ghost at 8— 11. H.HliibeaS Chappie 11— 9, and W. Goneon lost to Cooke 10— 11. ^jgj Ihe Ztngarls beat the Ramblers. HambiJge. and Arthur Ealnea eta-ted operations by disposing of Nash and Hanccrne 15- 5. The champion was in good form, and his hard smashing strokes were very puzzling to play against. Beevor and Talbot Smith did not fare very well against Burgess and DeBargh bat won. 16—15. EeEa;gh showed a lot of judgment ia hU net play, and Burgess was invaluable as a back man for his toselcg, which he is qilte an adeot at. Beevor was hot co- smart Ss usual, nor wob Smith afall np to the mark. Both improved in ttteir singles Bmlth played a fine game against Hanoome, wbo was ia good form and beat him, 11- 9 Beevor showed well against Salttr, wha lott to bis powerful adversary, 8-11. E. Hicks was too strong for Eitnes, who was defeated, 11-9. Burs esa and W. B Hambldge had a geed ttt to, acd Hambldge proved the better. 11—9. Tbe CoromsndelB, a fctrong oat-tde elab celatea the Hovers rather bsdly. Tbe two Marrsys «nd A. Austin plsytd well (or them, and would be an acquisition to tny association team. 1 he Gkiibior k bea? a seo mi tsam of tbe TTlizrovB. Clyde ano Frees ehowtd greaj prooiHe as juoiara. FichatcEon. Wliocx, atd Moss trere tha best of tae lOBrlS. 