LOOM. AND &jgft;£&AL.; Tiie balance-sheet of the Children's Picnic is published elsewhere. The total receipts amounted to £93 7s 8d, -and the credit balance is 13s 7d. A. TELEGRAM from Cobar states that not withstanding- the frequent rains which have occurred many of the runs there are quite bare, and the few sheep still left arc being removed. The Rookery station has just despatched 15,000, all that could be mustered. The drawing cf the Cliurch of England Art Union at jBurrington's Qa!l last nigbt under the supervision of His Worship the Mayor, Mr, fi. pray. The prize list will be found in another column, a series of Tab leau Vivants was well given by local amateurs. At the local Police Court, before Mr. C. M'A, King, P.M., Joseph Starless was fined 20s for indecent exposure. On Friday, :\V. Maddison was fined 20s, and 4s lOd cos.ts, for furious driving ; and George Linstead and John Robinson were each fined 10s, and 4s lOd costs/ for -driving over a footway. The Right Hon. W. H. Smith, leader of the Government in the House of Commons and Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, is dead. The Postmaster-General has issued a writ against the Sunday Times for libel, dainageB being estimated *at £5000. The alleged libel is coucained in certain comments made in last Sunday's issue. . Reteiriug to the Byrock riot cases, the Dubbo Dinp&tc;/i says : — One almost fuels 6orry thai, atier the pact of peace, tliie ghost should arise to remin-l us again of the differences between Labour and Capital — of the simplicity of the uniun rank and file aud the cleverness of agents and delegates, who managed, during the Bourke trouble, to force their dupes to thl front, and keep themselves well out of barm's ivay. This, however, has been the Aay from tiie begin ning and will continue so to the end. Hoc blouited enthusiasm fights the battles aud tands the money, whilst cold-blooded calcu lation scoops the pool. An editor works 365.J dayB per year to get out 52 issues of a piper ; that's labour. Once in a while somebody pays him a year s subscription ; that's capital. And onca in a while some son of a gun of a beadbcat takes the paper for a year or two, and van ishes without paying fur it ; ..that's anarchy. But later on justice will overtake the last named creature, tor there is a place where he. will get his desserts ; that's hell. — Auxiliary. : , The Customs collections for the week ending the 7th October, 189 1 , amounted to £1,042 Is lid ; the principal items being — Spints £421 17s 10 J, . tobacco £255 7s fid, bond rent £90 16s fid, sugar £H lis Sd, dried fruits £39 6s -Od, still wine £29 10s, tea £18 fis, champagne £15, specific duty £113 19s 2d. The Assembly, on Tuesday (private mem bers' night) last was evidently inclined for a little work. It passed through its second reading and committee a bill providing that a measure which had been advanced a cer tain stage jn -one session might be revived at- that stage by an -ensuing: 'session of the same Parliament ; through similar stages a bill dealing with partnerships one dealing with arbitration in cases of dispute ; a bill to charge the losing party to a legal suit with the cost of only one conneel on tbe other side ; a bill raising the jurisdiction in petty sessions from £10 to £20, besides other mat ters. The whole of theBe measures are of an eminently practical -character, and give an idea of the work which can be carried on when the party element is absent. 'We have to apologise to sucb of our con stituents who may have experienced some delay iu the execution of their orders during tbe past fortnight, but in conse quence of - having some improvements effiected in the office, (rendered necessary by a pleasing expansion of business) we were working under considerable disadvan tage. The presence of bricklayers and carpenters necessitated the shifting about of much of the plant, throwing it. out of' gear, and this occasioned the might delay referred ; to.' Having had the office thoroughly renovated and in other ways rendered more convenient, we feel justified in promising that the effects of these additional facilities shall be made ma.ni -fest to our constituents themselves. ?Over £16,000 worth of stud sheep were i sold at Coonong station during September, i The London Economist, commenting on [ tiie lower prices which hare ruled recently [ in the wool market, expresses the belief that the -decline is mainly- owing to tho increased production, which, it says, may possibly have a permanent -effect on the I market. Messes. A. and Co., are taking advantage of our alvertiat^ columns this week to invite public attention to their new arrivals of seasonable drapery. - The Mayor, -Mr. S. GrajV has returned from his brief holiday, fakm in conjunction with his duties as delegate to tiie Municipal Conference, looking all die better for his travels. After the Conference had concluded its arduous duties, Mr. Cray paid a -visit to the Manning Eiver, receiving some consider able, and no doubt appreciated, courtesies at the bands of the civic representatives of Taree. He apparently thoroughly erijoyei his trip, being greatly interested in the characteristics : of a district so different from those of the locality which has conferred upan him the : highest civic office in its gift; '? : Xhb many friends of Mr. T. Crosby will ; be pleased to. learn that that gentleman j lias returned to Bourke, restored to healtn, j after his prolonged stay in the metropolis j tinder the doctors. Mr. Giosby has had a decidedly trying time of it, and has been subjected to a severe operation, but it is satisfactory to learn that his medical ad visers assure hhn that this haj been en tirely successful and that he need antici- , pate no trouble in future. And certainly, considering how recently he has left his bed. his appearance justifies the prediction. The latest news from the Toungerrina bore is to the effect that the tested snp ply is equal to 175,000 gallons per day, and with this the; Department has expressed itself content. The depth . at which the ] water was tapped is only ICSft. It is elsewhere announced that the New fork Life Assurance Company is locally represented, Mr. Basil G. Woolley. being Hie district agent. ! We have been requested to announce j that service will be conducted at the Wes leyan Church to-morrow morning by Mr. j jas- Smith, Bush Missionary, the usual ! evening service, being conducted by the Rev. H. Wheen. - ] A decided novelty for this part of the j country was presented by the appearance in Bourke of a dozen Lincoln rams. They have been purchased by Messrs Booth, Oakden and Co., of Cnltowa, and are going to that station. The - merino has for so Song held -undisputed sway in the west, that.it comes somewhat as a surprise to find any of the fiockmastere venturing1 into the larger- breeds. The result of the innovation will be of interest- The rams with sixty five merinos, arrived by train from Victoria, consigned to Messrs. J.. Anderson and Co. Th*-y were dispatched to their destination by steamer Pioneer, being carefully and successfully shipped by Mr. \V- Boss. Fayorable opinions are expressed, regarding both lots of sheep, by competent judges. 