THE YfLGABN RAILWAY ROUTE. A TOUR THROUGH THE EASTERN DISTRICTS. (By our Special Correspondent.) X. During my stay in Newcastle I heard several complaints in regard t - the railway freights, which are regarded as excessively heavy and crushing to agriculture, espec ially in conjunction with the present cost of labour. As re-/ards railway accommoda tion, that at Newcastle is of the uto?t prim itive and insufficient character. There is no protection at the station (?) for passen gers -or their belongings ; the shed accom modation is very inadequate, and I gathered from a conversation with Mr. Leeder, the Mayor, that, the trade of N-?»v- Ciistlewifch tbe goldfields was considerably hindered, not to ssy restricted, by reason of there being no lifting- means or crane which has been repeatedly promieed by tbe Railway Department, but as yet without nny signs of tbe promise being fulfilled. Half the produce Rent to the goldfieids by way of Nortnar', said Mr. Leeder, was from Toodyay, but-, he added, Mr. 'J brossell was too wary to let this appear in the return? he was in the habit of publishing in tbe columns of the press. In conse quence of the lack of loading applijnoes the merchants of Newcastle were com pelled to send their stuff to Northam and load up there. At that moment he, Mr. Leeder, was just about sending to the field 348 fat sheep, and they would have to travel 76 miles in one stage without water. For this he, in a large measure, blamed the Eoads Board. Although they had not had much money to work on, still they could have done more than they had. Ae regards the route of the railway, be agreed that it would be best to send it by way of New castle, as Mr. Connor had contended. A pleasant experience was a drive with Mr. Stewart and Mr. Madden to Messrs. Bull & Stevens' vineyard, and to a most ro mantic spot called by tbe appropriately romantic name of Hawthornden. Probably many readers of the Daily Hews have heard of the Avondale Vineyard, near Newcastle, and if they have not they soon will, for un doubtedly it is the largest and best in the colony, and secured tbe speeial encomiums of that eminent viticulturist, Mr. Thomas Hardy, wbo a few ruinths back visited the colony, and enquired into the suitability of its land for vise culture. Mr. Stewart is as good a driver as I have sat alongside in these districts, and his horses are a model pair, so we did the short distance (o the vineyard — about a couple of miles — in a few minutes. The vineyard is just alongside the road, and its extensive slop ing banks of vines, and the neat and pretty red brick buildings present a pleasant ap pearance. We found the partners w-?r-; both suffering from a severe attack of in fluenza, nevertheless they received us with cordiality, showed us everything, and gave as some of their wine as well as a refreshing cop of afternoon tea. All the buildings are built of bricks made on the spot, the house beinsr larcre and convenient, whilst the cel lars are the largest and best of their kind in the colony. Th*y consist of two long chambers,one above the other below ground, and both beautifully cooL They are 6J feet long by 20 wide, and there was a good ly array of casks on either side, though most of the wine of the previous season had been disposed of. We tasted two wines, the first a full-bodied,rich Burgundy only need ing maturity to be the best West Australian wine I have tasted. For this there is a con siderable demand, and last season Messrs. Bull & Stevens turned out no less than 2500 gallons. Concerning this wine Mr Hardy wrote to them from A delaide, and vol unteered the gratifying statement that of the wines he had tasted in W.A. there were none he thought equal to their dry Burgundy of last season. Mr. Hardy, who evidently took much interest in this vineyard, also kindly gave its owners some advice from the depths of his own experience, which should be of especial value to such practi cal and energetic men as its recipients, who are wisely eager to learn from tho -c of wider experience than themselves. The other wines which they make are Fontaine bleau and Muscat, the former a really ex cellent claret, and the latter a sweet but highly palatable ' ladies' wine.' The ex tent of the entire holding is 150 acres, of which 50 acres are under vines. The partners have had it in possession for abaut 20 years, for nearly tie whole of which time they have gone in for vine culture. In addition to wine-making they largely and successfully prosecute tbe raisindry ing industry, and they turned oat last year about four tons of first-class raisins, which completely cut. the impoi ted article out of the Ice ll market. Ilearned with interest that this season ilessrs. Boll and Stevens in tend to enlarge the sphere of their opera tions by purchasing grapes from adjacent growers, and thus turning out more wine of a cert lin characte ', with, at the same time, a better chance of its maturing. They' fully agreed with me that what was wanted to make the vine-growing industry more successful here were fewer makers and a larger number of growers. I also learned that the present crape season is so far a veiy good one and that with a few late showers to fill out the grapes it should be all that can be desired. Messrs. Bull & Stevens are extensive groweis of other fruits than grapes, especially apples, or anges and peaches ; and the hundreds of trees I saw were looking very strong and healthy, and ware positively smothered with fruit. From their orange trees alone they secured last season some 250 dozen of the finest fruit of the kind grown in the district. Avondale is already a first-class vineyard and garden, and its owner.! con template considerably enlarging it, but they are hindered in carrying out this protect because the land adj lining their holding is at pr.-sent withheld from sale, owing to its b?ing within the area of sel ection of the Midland Railway. Messrs. Bull & Stevens are among the most pros perous settlers in the district of Toodyay, and they have triumphantly demonstrated that vine and fruit-culture carried on on a large and systematic scale can be made an eminently lucrative occupation in Western Australia. The drivp to Hawthornden was exhilarat ing. Not so tbe inspection of that splen did but deserted property. Here there are 2900 acres of the finest land in the district, much of which has been cleared and in cul tivation, — lying idle, whilst a really splen did mansion istenantless. Be it remember ed that this property is four or five miles out of Newcastle, and people will ask, as I did, why is it lying thus idle, deserted and fast going to ruin ? I remembered how splendid houses in the best parts of Lon don have lain idle and tenantless for years, on account of the rumour that they were haunted, but there is not even a respect able ghost at Hawthornden.Tbe house itself is a large red brick, two-storeyed mansion, and would, in a state of repair, cut a good figure in Adelaide Terrac?. Its chief rooms are spacious and well proportioned, the conveniences are great, and are such as characterise all modern well-ordered dwell ing houses, whilst the view from the upper balcony is positively vntranciag. At one's feet is a large circular lawn, dotted with one or two noble trees and shrubs. Beyond this is the low fringe of trees always betokening in these part6 the bed of river, stream or pool; and forming a grand background is a lofty and rugged hill, thickly timbered. Behind the house is another hill, and on its nlope is a vine yard, running wild, and watered by a beautiful and perennial spring. Tbe out houses are verv large, but oh, what a failing off was there when I saw them ! Stables for twenty to thirty horses, a fine wool-shed, and a big well-floored barn ail going to rack and ruin from sheer disue tude. It was a sorry sight, and although ghostly tenants there are none I could not forbear a shudder as 1 waiked from one empty room iu tbe house to another. The dust, the cobweb?, the echoes, and the creakings — all bad a mysterious Bouad. Our voices went rattling round from wall to wall, from room to room, and returned to us a.3 if they were glad t» get back to us for company's sake; and my fculings were distinctly subdued and mournful as we returned from the gloom and fusty odour of the deserted house to the cheerful sunshine and fresh air outside. It is a ihous.uid pities to see such a really beau tiful property !yi?ig idle and deserted, and I trust it will soon find a purchaser wbo will renovate it, and make good use of it. It is at present the property of Mr. Dan Connor, and I believe be would gladly sell it. We drove back in the cool of the after noon and passed a few pretty wdl-k«pt littlo farms, sn-1 I cauw -o the conclusion ?hat Nt?wca«t'e is a peaceful and'apiMrt-nt.- ly prosperous lural spat. That it is ever likelv to liepnnie a large proi1nrun*r «-ntr« serins doubtful ; in fact, it cannot. lx- this until the present large uncultivated hold iups, which almost bpin in the town are taken out of their present hands, and dis posed of to a number of small affricnltur ists, who wonld be compelled to till them. A« at Nnrtham and in it* surrounding district, I paw thousands of seres of virgin 'msh, and almost invariably I rensivcl tbe information thai it had passed away from the Government yrars ago, and-irae. at the best, merely used for depasturing: a few sheep. I am bound in the present condi tion of things to indulge in comparison-, and am f r.-e to say -that for every acr* of clearing 1 saw in the Toodyay district I saw five in and about York, and tbat. signs of progress and prosperity were every where more abundant at the latter place. I fouud, too. at. Northam that the old pernicious system of truck was not yet dead, and would take a lot of killing, for certain men like f ower for its own sake and do not always make the best use of it. Breides merchants would much prefer to have a. number of farmers on their beoks whose indebtedness compelled them to accept their terms in stead of being- forced to pay them a fair market rate. Moreover, in the for Jier case the poor farmer would be compelled to take bis payment in goods, and thus the store keepers vonld reap a double profit. Now when I say that this iniquitous system is dead and bn ied in York but is very far from dead in Northam a statement, is made which can most easily be supported. The National Bank, and in a les -er decree tha1 more conservative local institn'ion, the West Australian Bank, is breaking down the system, but at the same time it is be ing clang to by some people with tbe tena city begotten almost of desperation. Tt is, too, a striking fact that it was from the Nortbam District nlon° that was beard a little while ago the cry of Stite-aid for tbe farmers. Nowhere else did tbe farmers want aid, or at any rate if they did they were prepared to go to the proper sources for it. 