THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT I ZEEHAN. (P&01C OUB OWN COaaBSPONDSNT). April 22. The energy and activity displayed by the members ol the above iaith during the last four months, under the earnest able gui lance of tbeir popular priest, the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, have been rewarded in due course, the culminating point of success having been attained th'S week by the visit of His Grace, Archbishop Murphy, for the purpose of laying tbe foundation stone of a church to be dedicated to si, Fureaeus. His Grace accompanied by the Revs. T. Eelsh and M. W.Giileraa arrived at Strahan oa Wednesday last. Ihe party were met by the R*v. T. M. O'Callaghan and a number of Calto'ic and other residents, on whose behalf Mr J. J. Gaffuey welcomed Hie Grace and suite to the Wf si Coast, and afterwards entertained them. The afcer noon was devoted to visiting some of tbe places of interest in the district On Thurs day morning a start was made by special train at 7 30 which enabled tbe par;y to roach the Henty Bridge about noon. Here several horses were in waiting, and a pleasant ride bronght the visitors to Remine early iu the afternoon. Hie Grace enjoyed the ride along the sea-coast and was much struck wrb tbe beauty of the scenery en route. Mr. T. Mulrauan of the Silver King Hotel performed the duties fti-per:aintDg to a host with his u^u&l; affability. In the c -ur.-e of the even ing several ren leat9 waited ou the A ch blshop and expressed pleasure at his visit. A start w&6 made for Zeeban on Friday morning about 11 o'clock, and arter tbe first three miles bad beea traversed, the visitors were met by a deputation of rjtidente who escorted them to Zeehan. A large namber of spectators accompanied the cavalcade through ibe main s'reer, tbe party dismounting at Mulcahy'e Royal Ex change Hotel, where light refreshments had bean prepared, and an informal welcome wae tendered to the guests. His Grace, who, de spite lis advanced years, stood the trying journey wonderfully well, thanked a'J those who bad taken part in the welcome ten dered to him, expressing his hope to become better acquainted with them duriog bis stay, lie uaa been lea to expect) some thing unusual from the reports he had ! heard about Z9eban, but was totally un prepared tor the scene presented to bii view, which bore ample testimony to tbe abnormal growth of the township during the last few months. A few other speeches followed, and the assemblage dispersed. Saturday forenoon was devoted to receiving \isit from the residents. After the recep tion Bia Grace, attended by the Revs.O'Cal laghan, Eelsh and Gilieran, proceeded to ths church reserve, end superintended tbe Uyiug out of the ground selecting the re ; 6 ec'.ive sites for the church, schools, c in vent, and presbytery. Aftfr tbis the p-t wis determined on for the ere. ton of h school chap-1, the foundation stone of which was to be I i 1 on the following Monday. In the afternoon the Archbishop returned tbe visits received in the morning, and vi ited some of tbe adjacent mines, b^ing conducted over them by tbe respec tive managers. On Sunday a series of ser vices was held in Williamb'new hall. Mass was celebrated by Father Gilieran at 7 j o'clock, by kiis Grace at 8, by Father Eelsh | at 830, and by Father O'Callaghan at 11. i At tbe service the candidates for comflrma- I tion were submitted to a most eearchiog j examination by the Most R9v. Dr. Murphv. j ia the doctrines of the churcb,?at the con clusion of which hs congratulated them aud their teachers on the efficiency they had displayed. Mass now commenced, tbe choral responses being admirably rendered. A', the conclusion the sacrament of con firmation was administered. Before aud after this Bis Grace addressed the congre- ! gation and children present, and ex- : plained the nature and efficacy of the sacred rite, dwelling wj-h special em phasis on the eeven gifts of the Holy Ghost which had descended on them. At tbis juncture the church connrittee approached the sanctuary, and having iu : - iied the Archbiscop to come forward, the 1 secretary, Mr C. H Curtsin read an address of welcome, expres' iig appreciation of lfi 4 Grace's visit to tbi* remote dijtrnt, and concluding with an assurance of loyalty and fealty to their Sovereign Pontiff and him self. In accptine the address, which was tastefully illuminated and framed, His Grace delivered a lengthy reply, thanking tbe members of bis flock fer thtir kindness aid welcome His own labors ia reaching Zeehan were nothing, be S6id, in compari I son to the fatigue and trills undergone by the patron of their church. Saint Forsaeus, who went all over the Briiish Isles and penetrated into the fastnesses of Europe to spread Cbmtianity, and bring light and salvation to tbe Pagan and heathen. The minhnary who was actuated by the love ot God and earnest desire for the salvation of souls, feared neither trouble nor danger, and could always look for the Divi e blessing on bis efforts Bis Grace pro ceeded to express ti? delight at what he had seen io Zeehan and declared that it had , far surpassed bis expectations, and he pre j dieted a great end important future for the I Zeehan district, and concluded by again I tendering bis bearty thanks. Vespers were I chanted by tbe Keve. Gi leran, Kelsb, and I O'Callaghan. The preacher was tbe Rev, T Eelsh, who delivered a very able and eloquent discourse on 'Faith and Unbelief The congregations were very large throughout the day, the commodious building beuig packed. On Monday, April 20tb. tbe grand con summation of these preliminary proceed ings was reached. At 10 a.m. Bis Grace the Archbishop, attended by all the clergy, dressed in their ecclesiastical robes, headed by the Zeehan Brass Band, and escorted by a large procession of residents of all religious denominations proceeded to the important function of laying the founda tion stone of tbe new church of Bt Fureaeus. The foundation stone, ablock of freestone, kindly presented to the church by Mr ttvans, manager of the Silver King, bore the following inscription :—*'8t. Fureaeus' Cburch, Zeehan, Tasmania, A.D. 1891' unrt in t.ViA Kanaafh it a bottle, containing a Latin parchment re cordiog the fact of tbe ceremony per formed^ by His Grace, assisted by Clergy and L'ity, Pope Leo XIII being Supreme Pontiff, Her Majesty Victoria Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, 6ir Robert Hamilton Governor of Tasmania, Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan pastor of the mission and Mr D. Dunn, architect and contractor. Several coins of the realm were also en closed, as well aB a copy of that day's Zeehan and Dundas Srrald, His Grsce facing the wooden crosss erected where tbe future altar will be placed, pro ceeded with the blessing of the spot, with holy water, recitiog meanwhile with the clergy the b3rd Psalm. ' How lovely are thy tabernacles,' and other canticles. The foundation stone itself was then blessed, whilst the prayer to the Redeemer of tbe World, the chief corner stone, was offered up that He would confirm the work, liis Grace then took the trowel and signed the stone in several places with the sign of tbe cross. The Litany of the Saints was iotoned by the Archbishop and priests, and the ' Nisi Dominus' 15:7th Psilm reci'ed, after which, touching the Ftone, the Arch bishop declared it well and truly laid in tbe faith of Jesus Christ, afterwards sprinkling it with tnly water. The 'Miserere' Psalm htviog been said, the foundations were also blessed, whilst the 'Fuudamenta Ejus' (8'3;h Pealm) Jwae said. A few other appointed prayers closed the ceremony, and the Rev. Father Gilieran standing on the foundation 6tone I preached the sermon of the day, ta\ing ae I nig text toe i-reao, ?? 1 believe in God the Father Almighty, Creator of Heaven and Earth.' From these words tbe preacher delivered an admirable address. In ex quisite phrases of the purest oratory he held tbe large congregation en thralled, whilst he treated of tbe marvellous beauty and order of the creation and its surpassing harmony; and showed tbat when we gaze on tbe world around and consider the perfect orgauizi ti -m which prevails, oar thoughts muet per force ascend from the creature to the Divine Creator and Architect of all this subline lovlinees, and in humble and rapt adoration we are fsio to confess tbat tbere ie God the Father, Creator of Heaveu and Earth. He showed that this belief has taught mankind to cultivate all the virtues of kindliness, fair play, christian charity, honor and truth, and tbat this same belief was tbecaneeof theirswembJiag on that day to dedicate another temple to Almighty God, and when this holy edifice wae erected and completed, praytra aad praises i would ascend to the footstool of the great creator and thus testify once to the belief in the one Omnipotent Being. j At the conclusion of the sermon, whioh will never be forgotten by' tboea who had the good fortune to be present, a collection was taken on the foundation and tbe satis factory sum of £142 was realised exclosWe of a cheque for £102 which had been col'ected by Father Gilieran on his previous vieifcs, making a grand total of £244. The Bev. T. M. O'Callaghan then ascended the stone and thanked all who had assisted in the ceremonies of the day, and the proceed ings were concluded by a vote of thanks from tbe Archbishop, who expressed his great pleasure at the way in which mem bers of all religious denominations had united to make the occasion the magnifi cent success it had proved. While returning to the hotsl the Archie plscopal party met the procession of the A.M. A en route for the gala ground and ex changed salntes as the vast procession, numbaring fully 1500, passed four deep to the martial strain of the local band. The remainder of thedey was devoted to visiting, some of the party being also present at the concert and ball in the evening;. On Tuesday morning also visits were ex changed, one of the most interesting being a call at the Zeehan Academy, which has bsen recently opened by Mr O'Carroll, who «-a6 for some time assistant at the St. Francis Xivier's School in Launceston. His Grace examined the children in various snbj end expressed bis pleasure at tbeir proficiency. In the evening the large room of Mulcahy'e flotel was completely pvrked, the occasion being a convrrtaiiotie tendered by the residents to Archbishop Murphy and suite. Tables which had been most tastefully arranged were laid in the banquet ball for 122 guests, besides whom a large number were standing. The pro ceedings throughout were of a most har monious and cordial character. Thechair was ? occupied by the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, on whom devolved the very arduous duty of proposing all the toasts of the evening, which he did with his characteristic ability and savoir faire. The toast list included 'The Qaeen;' 'His Grace Archbishop Murphy,' who was most heartily received, I and returned thanks in a very feeling j manner ; ' The Visiting Clergy,' responded to by the Revs. T. Eelsh and M. W. 1 I Gilieran : ' The Pioneers.' responded to by Mr C. H. Curtain, who is a genuine pioneer, 1 and remembers Zeehan in its infancy, and has throughout taken a prominent part in advancing the welfare of the district ; ! 'The Visitors,' responded to by the Bev. T Ellis (the recently-arrived pastor of the Congregational Cburch) and Messrs. A. Manlt (engineering inspector of the Central Board of Health), J. M. Haslett (president Amalgamated Miners' Association), and W. S. Targett (chairman Zeehan Progress Committee); ' The Contractors,' acknow ledged by Mr Dunn ; ' The Chairman,' the most cordially received toast of the evening, which was vociferously cheered | and pledged with three times three, and feelingly acknowledged by the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan ; ' The ljadies.' ' The Press,' and ' The Host.' The whole programme evidenced tbe utmost goodwill and don ? hvm'f which exists amongst all classes of religious opinions, and tne general wish wae that it might long continue. The distinguished party left Zeehan for Trial on Wednesday, expressing their sin cere enjoyment of their visit, and hope to return at no distant date. 