PROTECTION IN QUEENS- LAND. Employment Wanted. Although the majority of the people do not see eye to eye with the professed pro tectionists in this colony (writes a Brisbane journal) because most people are not cap able of carefully working out a political 1'lu|jubii.iou iu us uiiumuu issue, yet mere ate tliousauds who feel the pinch of present times, and desire' a radical change. The poodle must bo educated up to pro tection before they can grasp it; and it is for this reason that we invite one and all to consider how much they aro doing to help or to block 4ho progress of Queens land. If they pin their faith to free-trade and foreign- goods ; if thoy think a few ware houses, banks, and insurance offices con stitute all that is required to cause a peren nial Btream of prosperity, then they had better disabuse their minds at once, and try and make two and two equal four. Pro tection means the salvation of Queensland ; free-trade spells bankruptcy, crash after crisis and humiliating disaster. For years past we have helped to ' build up foreign markets at tho expense of our own people. Our policy has been one of borrowing money, and borrowing more to pay the in terest, whilo we have pawned the publio estate. A more suicidal policy or monstrous inversion of reasonable procedure cannot be imagiued. The fine morning has come' when we are vory much, awake and find that we owe £30,000,000; and the greatest industry in, the. colony is the spending' of ' borrowed money. A few people struggle along at the lumbering trades. A little pottering is done in the ironfoundry business. Whites try to compete with Chinese in the iurniture line. Some sell hot pies,' others hop beer and a bit of fruit. Shopkeepers struggle along for a time, then they mortgage their properties bit by bit. If you stand at the bridge and east your eye menially down each side of the way to the Biglio, how many ghosts of departed insolvencies will arise and confront you ? Hero a draper, there a publican, now a saddler, there another, and so on, until you ask what do the people of this town dofor a living? Some, it is true, livo on rents, others manuge to subsist on their savings in better days. Nobody you meeb will tell yon ho is making money. Why is it? Because the half-crown's worth of wool goes to England, and returns as 15s. worth of cloth. Because the people work by fits and starts, and the growing lads steal through life by their wits instead of working by the power of their limbs. Because shiploads of goods come to the wharves and are " knocked down" in the auction rooms for cash, and then the cunning dealers extract their daily dole of profit. Griffith and M'lhvraith, with 50 members of tho House, know these things as well as we do, but it wants an earthquake to shifb' any of the £300 gentry, and wo shall hammer away until thoy are compelled to give protection or go to oblivion. 