NEW CHURCH AT IiAIUlAI. THE OPENING CKP.EMON Y. ADDRESSES BY THE BISHOP OF MELBOURNE AND THE REV. A. ALLNUTT. A SUCCESSFUL GATHERING. Wednesday was a sort of "red-letter" day for the people of Dariium. The little township, in fact, has seldom presented such an animated appearance. It was the occasion of the opening of the new Episco- palian Church by the Bishop of Alelbourne. The inhabitants scetned to turn out c?i masse to participate in the proceedings. Everybody appeared to be jireseut, and tlie numbers of the local friends were more than doubled by tlie arrival of visitors from Warragul, Bloonifield, Yarragon and other places round about. Some half-a- dozen buggies and a four-in-hand provided by Air. Lyons went from Warragul alone. The Bishnj) was, of course, amongst those "on board." He was seated in a buggy beside the Rev. A. Alluutt. The choir belonging to S. Paul's and a score or so of other visitors, including Airs. Alluutt, filled the remaining vehicles. It was a delightfully sunny day, and at night the 1110011 shone clear and blight. The party arrived at Dariium shortly after three o'clock, and immediately made their way towards the church. The building is very conveniently situated, and is capable of i holding about 150 people. It ss built of weatherboard with corrugated iron roof, and is 30ft. long by 20ft. wide, with a platform at the farther end some 18 inches high and stretching the entire widtli of tlie church. The porch abuts 011 the road, and is appropriately surmounted by ail encircled cross. Stained glass windows admit the light during the day, and at night lamjis will of course be used. The vestry is at present in course of construc tion. When couipletedit will measure 10ft. by Oft. ATr. J. A. Wilson, of Dariium, is the contractor, and when finished the building will have cost about £!)0. At about half-past three the Bishop, followed by the Rev. A. Alluutt, Dr. Hayes, Mr. Small, Air. Purvcs, Air. David and others entered the church, and occupied what little seating accommodation at this time remained. The building was, in fact, packed throughout, a large number having to stand during the whole of the service. The right reverend prelate having read the dedication service, the stirring hymn, " Oil ward Christian Soldiers," was heart ily sung, and was followed by the usual ser vice, the lessons being read by the Rev. — Nixon and tlie jirayers by the Rev. A. Alluutt. The Bishop preached an earnest and forcible sermon from Acts 2nd., 42nd and following verses. His lordship remarked at the outset on the beautiful picture the words of the text presented of the primi tive Church of Christ before sin entered and marred its beauty and perfectness, then jiroceeded to impress the teach ings of the text 011 his hearers, and con cluded by remarking that, his earnest desire and prayer was that now that that sanctuary had been opened for the wor ship of God they, like the early Christians, might manifest a love for the means of grace ; that they would go to the house of God whenever they were invited ; that they might exercise a brotherly love and unselfish spirit one towards another, and that they might have that strength and blessed joy which accompanied acquaint ance with Christ. There was 110 veal joy without that, and he trusted that the people of Dariium would seek after that blessed peace, and might God bless the day when that sanctuary was opened for His ministry .and give them 1 1 is abundant, blessing. The collection was then taken up by Air. Small, and realised £5 7s. fid. This was followed by the singing of the hymn commencing, " Pleasant arc Thy courts above," the other hymns sung during the service being, "The Church's one Foundation ' and ".Jerusalem the Golden," and the ceremony concluded with the pronuuccinent of the Benediction by the Bishoji. After an interval of about an huur, tea was jirovided in the Meehauies' Institute and was very largely patronised. A pub lic meeting subsequently took jilace and was presided over by Councillor Turner. The proceedings were opened with n pianoforte solo by AIiss Tsoii, which was followed by an admirable rendering of " Consider the Liilies" by Air. Small. The Chairman then, in the name of the jieojile of the district, welcomed the Bishop among tliem and said they should all feel grateful to his lordship for coming such a distance, particularly when they remembered the onerous duLies he had to perform. (Applause.) They could con gratulate themselves 011 having carried their venture to a successful issue and 011 having thus supplied a long-felt want, and he trusted it would exercise a beneficial and ennobling influence 011 all connected with it. (Applause.) AIiss Lyons having given a successful rendering of " The Better Land," the choir sang tlie anthem "Come Holy Ghost, " which was followed by the duet " He wipes the tear from every Eye" by Air. Small and Air. J. Birani, the latter contribution being loudly encored. The Bishop then delivered an appro priate address, 111 the course of which he said it gave him very great pleasure to visit Dai'iium, especially as if was witli the object of opening a new church, be cause hitherto he had not often been in vited to Gippsland for that purpose, and as the opening of a new church was a distinctly forward movement it afforded him great encouragement to have been present that day. (Applause.) Such oc currences were the key note, as it were, to the progress of the church and there fore he desired to speak to them of differ ent kinds of church progress. They might say there were four forms of church progress - the material, the mechanical, the numerical and the spiritual. First of all they wanted material progress, l>v which lie meant progress in the way of erect ing churches, parsonages and Sunday schools. These constituted the basis of operations, and were so many wit nesses for God in the midst, of the world. By mechanical progress he meant the process by which the various parishes which went, to make up the diocese of Alelbourne became more thoroughly and more com pletely organised — a more powerful ma chinery for the better carrying out of the great purpose for which the Church of Christ existed amongst them. In this regard he felt they had cause to express deep thankfulness to God, for as lie went about tlie diocese he observed distinct stejis in advance in Lhe way of organisa tion. Both the clergy and the laity wore more anxious to secure organisation, and 111 this connection he commended the establishment of young men's societies, and spoke highly of tiie continued pro gress of the Girls' Friendly Society and the Church of England Sunday-school Association. With regard to tlie numeri cal aspect of the question, they desired to see numbers added to their ranks. Ear this reason lie always looked forw ard with great interest to the publication of " The Church 'statistics for the diocese of Alel bourne." (Applause.) It contained in formation about the state of the diocese from north to south and east to west. It was therefore a very useful jmblieation. generally speaking, but tlie columns to which he turned with the greatest int erest were those giving the totals of those w ho had jeen confirmed during the year and the estimated number of cuuuuuiucaiits. To those columns he referred with feel ings of great anxiety, and his heart was always delighted when ne found a con tinued increase in the resjiective num bers. (Applause.) He therefore entreated his hearers to look to these things—to first of all observe the rite of consecration, and then at the communion obey their dear Lord s command, " Do this in re membrance of me." Now, he looked forward— and it was also Air. Alluutt's desire — to the church they had just erected being tilled as well eveiy Sunday as it had been that day. (Applause.') This would be hulli encouraging to (heir clergyman and profitable to themselves, lie, more, ever, urged them 10 provide a good choir and have efficient singing, because this was one of tlie highest forms in which they could worship God, and was also an aid to numeric::' progress. Regarding spiritual progress lie hoped the opening of the church would create a spiritual revival al Dariium, that it would result in men being turned from darkness into light, and then they would have reason to thank God for ever that: the building had been erected. (Loud applause.) Miss Tyson then contributed a nicely rendered song, after which ?,Ir. Abu so received an encore for lus singing of "Rocked ill the Cradle of the Deeji." The choir having also given the anthem " I will lift up mine eves," The Rev. A. Alluutt ajiologised for the absence of Archdeacon Langley, who was unable to attend through jjress of other engagements. The Rev. Henry Howard and the Rev. -J. H_ Angus had also been invited to be present, but the former gentleman was absent from Warragul, and the latter had a service I > conduct. They were therefore prevented from at tending. The rev. geiitlc'iiuu expressed the gratification il afforded him 10 witness tlie opening of the Darniun church, and said there were two oilier jJuces in the district where lie would like in see a church, and lie hoped that :lL as early a date as possible the Bishop would be again invited to the district to open churches in those localities. (Ap- Jilause.) The church at Dunmin iv'lected great credit 011 all those who had worked so industriously to get it elected and he was delight ed 10 see so many peujile jiresent from Warragul, 1 lioouilield and Yarragon to take part wilh them in the ojiening ceremony. He wished to sec a spirit of greater cu-njieratioii among the various parishes and iusLead of being isolated and working independently of each other he desired them to feel that: they were all federated together and were all working for the good 01 lhe common weal. (Applause.) If they had more of this parochial organisation lie was sure that the next si cp would be the establish ment of archideaeoual councils to be held at different: townships in the Gippsland district: and at winch every parish would be rejiresent ed so that the views of its parislionei's in regard to church matters might, be brought forward and considered. (Applause.) Then they had tlie Church Assembly over which the Bishop presided ill Alelbourne, and to winch they had as much right to semi a rejueseutalive as any other parish in lhe diocese. li was this spirit of organisation they needed and by j, minuting thai, spirit, he believed they would lie helping forward the progress of the church in the various directions indicated 111 the thoughtful and eloquent address of the Bishop. (Ap plause.) AIiss Lyons and AIiss Cooper having sung " Pulaski's Banner," and Air. Schu- licld, " The Bridge." Mr. David, secretary to lhe commit 1 ee, spoke of the gratification it afforded the jieojile of Darnuni to have the Bishop among them and added that although the erection of the church had necessarily re quired considerable work il was lie vert he- loss a labor of love. (Apjilause.) On be half of the committee he thanked his lordshi for Ins attendance and also tile elioil' of S. Pauls, Warragul, for the very material assistance tlicy had rendered. T1 ie choir then sang tlie anthem, "How I beautiful upon the Alouutaius," and the- Rev. A. Alluutt having moved a vote of thanks to the chairman ami the ladies who presided at llie tables, tlie proceed ings terminated with the singing of the National Anthem. Miss Bolton and Mr. Simmons were the accompanists through out, the evening. 