WH4T 15 IT? THE INFLUENCE THAT SOMETIMES GUIDES US AGAINST OUR WII.L. "No, I do not believe in ghosts," said an old lady of great experience, "but I do believe in the ministration of spirits." This is not the age nor the country ip which the supernatural flourishes, Interest centres about the practical. Haunted houses are rented without great difficulty, if the lands, rl is willing to knock off a portion of the reic. There are many, however, who will admit the exertion at times of socie peculiar influence swaying our actions. We are lad to d.c things we should not do of our own volition-the wisdom of which we do not appreciate until afterwards; then we wonder h1:,w we came to do them. We are forced to learn that worldly wiedoon is not always that which guides into the wisest coussee, in this practical age resplts are what people are losting after. They tbelievs in what they see I the "evidence of things not seen" is to be weighed in the future. When a man is sick he wants to get well; he cares little what medical method is em ployed if it cures. But if it does not cure he soon begins to doubt the skill of tho physician, and enquire into his methods of medication, A happy thing it is sometimes if some inlouence induces investigation be fore it is too late. Mr E. W. Edmondson, of Melbourne, writes, 2lst October, 1890: " During the past 10 years I have been ailing periodically from a serious affection of the kidneys, and in latter years soy complaint became moge ioute, so that I was frequently selsed with stabbing pains in the baok. I had often pro.longed head aches, the result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought thi disorder of the kidneys and liver would bring about a more serious disease. Fiaally I tried the effects of Warner's safe cure, and not until then did I experience any amelioration ill spy con, dition. The use of this cedicine speedily wrosuht 4 Font change, and four bottles effected a cocpplete eure," Nots what Mr Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale-street, Mel bosun, says :-" 30th October, 1890-For some years I have been suffering from fre quent attacks of gravel, often with unbear. able pains in the back and right side, and my digestive organs were aio oat of p d9x. In addition, I was atllictel with congestion of the liypr qpd peclodicql headaches of a severe nature. f(# suferiug was c1uiolcly rcehoved when resorting to Warner s safe sure, of which 1 took four bottles, when the apute pains in the right aide, caused by the congestion of the liver, ceased, while my klidneys were restored to healthy action." CESSTAINLT thebsest medicine knswun is Sanders aed Sun's Eucalypti Extraot. Tout Its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, In. fiAenna-the relief Is Instantaneoes. In serious Oass, and accidents of all kinds, bs they wounds, burns, sosldiugs, bruises., qp sios, Itt. the safest remedy-no agehting, no isamma. tion. Like stgcprisiog efsect, produced in croop, diphithersa, bronshitis, inflammation of thc lungs, swellings, eto,; diarrbses, dysentery, diseases of the kidesys sad urinary srgans. In use at hospitals aed mnediealicsisic, all ever the globe; patronuled by his Majesty the King of Italy; crswned witl medal snd diplsma at Isternutisnal Exbibition, Amsterdam. ~rpsgt Is this spprsved snticle, and reject eli ethers. *55-Wkslosals depots fur Tanuadila, L. Fair thorne and 8 o and Hutton and Lawk. Re. tailed, byrobb ,t and astrekespers at is 9d and 2, Gid nor h"tIu. 