ME 2»2&SE;£ZBS.'S ISAWEFEBf ©. In his addresa to hie constituents the Premier opens the electoral campaign, characteris tically enough, with a bold untruth. He throws the responsibility for the preoent crisis, to which he declares he was forced, solely on the Opposition, whereas everyone knows it to have been the direct result of his own strategic change of front, delibe rately designed for the express purpose. So utter was the surprise of that move even to his own party that the very papers which support him declared he must be mad, but there was much method in his mad ness, as we shall presently see. ' He proposed,' he says, reciting his sudden Convention Bill resolutions as suddenly withdrawn, ' in this straightforward man ner, to submit the question of federation as the first business of the Session, but Mr. Beid stepped in with his ill-advised amend ment and we were not allowed to take thio fair and open course.' Who or what prevented him, when the House, by a majority of two to one on that very amend ment, decided, not only that he should be allowed to take that 'fair and open course,' bat that it was just the course he should take ? 'What prevented him was, we had almost said the nature of the case — -the fact that the course was fair and open, other wise for him a moral impossibility — but at any rate, beyond question, hie own preference for an ? unfair and crooked course instead. It was not, as he puts it, a combination of ' provincialists, disunioniots, and malcontents of every stamp and colour ' that precipitated the crisis, but his own gross and palpable trickery that not even the complaisance of the late Houoe (upon which possibly he counted) could Btand. No doubt his action precipitated the combination, and we rather believe, was deliberately so meant, or in other words, he played exactlj for what he got — the dissolution of which he is now so unscrupulously endeavonring to make the most. There are two considerations, amongst others, which point, we think, irre sistibly to that conclusion, first the undoubtedly rough handling with which the Convention Bill waa threatened in the late Parliament, and next the absolute necessity, ii; there were to be a ghost of a hope left for it, of submitting it to the country in anticipation of the cer tainly fatal to it ' One Mail One Vote.' It wao in tho last hope oi: snatching some sort of a verdict, or comething that might be called a verdict, from the country in favour of the Convention Bill that the Premier, not the Opposition, precipitated & dissolu tion, and now accordingly we fiave thia '' great and world-famouo meo.ouro,' aa ifc is termed, which a week ago it was con venient to postpone, again figuring in the very forefront of tha Premier's battle. But wg fancy that wily general, will be disappointed, ao ouch tactics deserve to be. The nesb House, however ifc may be constituted, can do no more wifih this Bill ; than the late one was prepared and anxious to do, viz., consider and amend it. There can be no verdict from the present appeal to the country entitling it to do more, though there may possibly be one instruct ing ifc to do less, but however that may be, if. anyone is reoponsible for what the Premier calls the ' delays and repulses ' to which bo far the Convention Bill has been subjected, it is no one in the world but tho hon. gentle man himself. He deliberately broke faith in that matter both with the House and the Convention, and now has the infinite audacity fco declare of those who expressed bv their votes their disguofc at that double treachery that ' they .must be held to have voted againafc Local Q-overnment, against the prin* ciple of ' One Man One Vote,' against legisla tion to assist in the just settlement of. labour dieputeo, against Local Option, as well aa against the cause of Australian union.' No, they voted against none of these. What they voted against was a Q-overnment that simply plays these great measures in tho game of politics as so many counters, using one to block the other, or as so many accommodation bills one to covei' tho other, and all ending, with that other oft-protested bill, the declaration ot their hscal policy, in one common dis° honour. Of these precious promises to pay the Premier's manifesto may be admitted to be a very full and complete list — for a Government, as bankrupt in public confi dence as in coin and credit, a, very fair schedule— and it is nothing more. 