RELIGIOUS'. Mr. Spurgeon's relapse in his severe illness will be a source of anxiety to many outside his own persuasion. His influence is so many-sided and widespread that liis death would be more widely deplored probably than that of any other living preacher. Spurgeon's sermons form the text book and spiritual pabulum of thousands who have never heard him and only know him through the printed page. In the country districts of England aud Scotland, and for that matter throughout the civilised world, for there is no language or people where his voice is not heard, his sermons are as in- | separable from the home training almost as the mother's milk. As an author he has an immense circle of friends ; while j as a theologian he will ever be j the awful example of the modern ! school and the object lesson par excellence, | in consistency of doctrine and exposition I with the old school. But whatever may be the opinion as to his theology, in detail Charles Haddon Spurgeon will always be re membered as one amongst very few who has unswervingly followed in what he honestly believes to be the vid recta regardless of criticism or fashion, though it may at the same time be doubted whether any other than a Spurgeon, with his strong personality, could remain so obdurate to the seductive charms of the new theology and survive popularity. The following cablegram was forwarded last week to the Rev. Dr. Hermann Adler, Chief Rabbi of the British Jews, on his in stallation into office:— "Melbourne Hebrow congregation tender heartiest congratulations. God guide your administration. — Benjamin Benjamin, president Melbourne Hebrew con gregation. General Booth's forthcoming visit to Aus tralia is already creating much excitement amongst the 'Army devotees, and the arrangements are well forward. The General is due in Sydney on .September 26 next, and will hold nine public meetings in the Centennial-hall. AU officers in the colony will be summoned to meet the General, the railway, authorities having made special concessions, in addition to granting the General a free pass over all the railways. " With halleluiahs like the sound of many waters (says the War Cru) we give a shout, and praise our God for so arranging matters that Australians will have a good fair square chance of seeing and hear ing the author of ' Darkest England and the \Yiiy Out,' and founder of an organisation, born iu advers'ty, and yet undoubtedly the greatest force on the linos of evangelism that tho world has yet known." The Presbyterian congregation at Rich mond recently gave a "surprise social" to their minister and his wife, Rev. J. and Mrs. Kinghorn, and presented them with an address, together with a handsome escretuire study table and chair and an inlaid work- table, witli fittings. Rev. Thomas Kench, of Stanmoro, com plains in the A u-Hlralian Christian World that when he went with the funeral of a member of his congregation to the cemetery of St. J tide's, Randwick, Rev. W. Hough, minister of that church, announced that no service could be allowed there but the ser vice of the Church of England, and, ignoring Mr. Kcnch's presence anu the wishes of the mourners, proceeded with the service him self. Revs. Alexander and Michelson, two. New Hebrides missionaries, arrived in Sydney by the Rookton yesterday. The Wesleyan mission ketch Dove is to leave Moore's Wharf this morning at 11 o'clock for Samarai, New Guinea. A number of permanent scholarships have been established iu connection with the Christian Brothers' College, Adelaide. The following New South Wales students at St. Kieriuvs College (Ireland) were ordained by the Bishop of Gssory on Pente cost Sunday for service in Australia : — To sub-deaconsnip : Messrs. James Dalton, Thomas Phclau, John Dunne sen., Patrick O'Sheaancl Matthew Hogan (Sydney), John Carroll (Maillnnd). To cleaeonsnip : Rev. J, Whyte (Sydney). From Tasmania the death is reported of Rev. J. "Wheatley, formerly incumbent of St. Thomas', North Ipswich (Q.). Ven. Archdeacon and Mrs. Cooper, of Bal- larat, have returned from their holiday tour in Europe. Lady Halle and Mdlle. Marie Fillunger, the Austrian prima donna, are to assist the choir of St. Mary's Cathedral to-morrow morning. Rev. Johnson, formerly of Fitzroy (Vic.), charged in London with having stolen jewel lery/has been found guilty, and .sentenced to one years imprisonment. At the farewell meeting at Coonaiublc, tendered to Rev. (I. T. Creer (Anglican in cumbent) and Mrs. Creer, the latter was pre sented with a purse of sovereigns by the lady parishioners. Mr. Creer lias labored in the district for seven years. ReWDr. Scott, of Hohart, who is on his way to Brisbane to attend the annual session of the General Presbyterian ' Assembly, of which he is the moderator elect, occupied the Iiulpit of St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, 'arramntUi, last Sunday. The voung people of Pitt-street Congre gational Church entertained their new pastor, Rev. W. Scott, on Thursday evening, and gave him a warm welcome. The Primate is to consecrate the Anglican cemetcrv at North Hyde this afternoon. Rev. Robert Collier moderator of the Pres byterian General Assembly, is reported to be somewhat better. Rev. Lorimer Fison, M.A., editor of the Methodist Spectator (Melbourne), has again been in Sydney this week on business con nected with the new mission schooner Dove. He returns to Melbourne to-night. A novel wedding was celebmted at the Melbourne Y.M.C.A. last week by Rev. S. Chapman, the contracting parties being inmates of the Deaf and Dumb Asylum. The bridegroom is totally deaf and the bride is both deaf and dumb. The service, of course, hud to be interpreted by means of signs. Rev. George Hill, M.A., was publiclv wel comed to the assistant- pastorate of tho Collins-street (Melbourne) Baptist Church on Thursday evening. Rev. Father Curran, F.G.S., "the scientist priest," has been awarded the Royal .Society's medal for the best paper on " The Micro scopic Structure of Australian Rocks." Rev. E. Adams writes to say that though lie has received a call to the North Wil- loughby Congregational Church, up to the present ho has not accept ed it. The Freeman's Journal , highly delighted at what it calls " The Death-knell of Sec tarianism" and at the defeat of certain well- known Orangemen, attributes the " purifying of the political atmosphere " to the labor party, and says : — "Their vote means that a man's religious professions have nothing to do with his fitness for public life and it marks a great advance on the past." A successful evangelistic mission lias been conducted during the week at the Bathurst- street Baptist Church by Rev. C. Boyall. Mr. Robertson, oathechist, lately engaged in city mission work, has been engaged for three months us assistant in the Shoalhavcn Presbyterian charge, which since the retire ment of Dr. Grant has been temporarily superintended by Rev. Robert Kay, M.A. Rev. M. Kirkpatriek lias been elected moderator of the llawkesbury Presbyteiy for the ensuing year, and Rev. \\\\\ »S. \Vhittier, of the Presbytery of NVagga Waggu. A service i'or the purposo of bidding fare well to the Revs. A. A. Maoluren and Cope laml King, missionaries to New Guinea, was held in tit. Andrew's Cathedral on Wednes day evening. ftev. J. Stephens has been transferred from Melbourne to the College of the Holy Ghost, Ballarat, while Rev. John Keating, of Ballarnfc, lias been temporarily removed to the Melbourne archdiocese. The General Baptist Association of Eng land has resolved to amalgamate with the Baptise Union of England and Wales. Rev. John F. M'Rae, the new minister of Toorak (Vie.) Presbyterian Church, has sailed for Hobart, en route lo Melbourne, in the R.M.ti. Rimutuka. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Victorian Girl's Friendly Society Bishop Goo said ho did not believe in women's rights any j more than in men's rights. They all needed I to be reminded more of their duties, and if they would take care of their duties tho rights would take care of themselves. A woman's rights lay at home in the manage ment of lieFhusbund and the training of her | children. A women's missionary board has been formed in connection with the South Aus tralian Bible Christian Church. Jt has been suggested to us, singularly enough through the medium of a gentleman whoso surname is Adam, that, provided Mr. James Eve is unsuccessful in securing a scat for the parliamentary electorate of Canter bury on the recounting of the votes, it would be more appropriate if at the next election lie turned his attention to the Eden electo rate. Eden being a double-seated electorate perhaps Ml. Adam is nruparcd to play tho gallant by joining Mr. Eve should he act on the hint. Rev. Charles Boyall, who lias been labor ing for tho past nine months as evangelist to tin? New .South Wales Baptist Union, lias been invited to take the pastoral oversight of the Baptist churches at MarrickvUlc and Rockdale. 