ICE BOUND. 0 By W. CLARK ILUSSELL. CIIAPTEIR 23--Continucd, Had alio been damaged belowiwan s she taking in water? I knew her to be so thihckly sheathed with ice that, unless it had been scaled off in pinces by the breaking of her bed, I had little fear (until this covering melted or dropped off by the working of the frame) of the haull not proving tight. I should have been coated with Ice myself had I stayed but a little longer in my wet clothes in that piercing wind; so I ran below, and bringing an ar'mful of clothes fromn my cabin to the cook roonm, was very soon inl dry at tire, and making an extraordinary figure, I don't question, in the buttons, Iace, and frip peries of the old fashioned garnments. Meanwhile, I was crazy to ascertain if the sehooner was taking in water. If there was a sounding rodl in the ship I did not know where to lay my hands upon it. But lie is a poor sailor who is slow at substitutes. There were several spears in the armsai roomn (pirati cal plunder, no doubt) with meore spikes for heads, .ike those weapons used by the C'affers and other tribes in that country; they were formed' of a hard heavy wood. I took a length of ratline line and secured it to one of these spears, and carried it on deck with the powder room bull's eye lamp; but when I probed the sounding pipe I found it full of ice, and as it was impossible to draw the pumps I flung my ingenious sounding rod down in a passtsas of grief and mortification. Yet was I not to be beaten. Such was my temper, bad the devil himself confronted me 'I should have defied him to do his worst, for I had made tip my mind toweather hint out. I: entered the forecastle, lantern iln hand, pried open the hatch, and dropped into the S:bld. It needed.an experienced ear tq detect the sobbing of internal waters. aintl the yearning gushes, the long gurgling washings, the thunderous blows, and shrewd rain like hissinugs of the seas outside. . I listened with strained hearing for some minutes, but dis tinguished no sounds to alarm me with as surance of water in the hold.- I could not mistake. I hearkened with all my might, but the noise was outttide. I thanked God very heartily, and got out of the bold and put the hatch oln. There was no need to go aft .nd listen. The schooner was 1' the head, and there could be no water in the run that would not be forward too. Being reassured ill respect of the stanch ness"of the hull, I returned to the fire and proceeded to equip myself for a prolonged watch on deck. While I was drawing on a great pair of boots I heard a knocking in the after part of the vessel. I supposed she had drifted into a little field of broken. (ce, and that she would go clear liresently, and I finl ished arming myself for the weather; butthe knocking continuing I went into the cabin, where I heard it very plain, andl Walked as far as the lazaretto hatch, where I stool lis tening. The noises were a kindtof irregular thumping, accompanied by a peculiar grind ing sound. In a momnent I gnessed the truth, rushed on deck, and by: the dian light in the air saw the long tiller nmoving to andt frol The beat of the beams seas hald unlocked the frozen bonds of the rudder, and there swung the tiller, as though like at dog the ship was wagging her tail for joy! The vessel lay along, rolling so as to: bring her starboard rail to a level with the sea; her main deck was full of.water, and the froth of it, combined with the ice that glazed her, made her look like a fabric of mairblo as she swunlg on the black fold. ere it broke into snow abopt her. I seized tihe tiller and -ranl itover hard a starboalrd, and I had not held it in that posture halfa minuinite when, to any inexpressible delight, I observed that she was paying off. Her head fell slowvly flron the sea; she lurched drunkenly, and som?le tons of black water rolled over the bulwarks; she. reeled cousumlnedly to larboard, and rose squarely and ponderously to thie height of the surge that was now abaft the beau. In - a few moments she was dead before it, the helm amidships, the wind blowing sheer over the stern with half its weight seemningly gone, through rlhe vessel running, the tall seas chasing her high stern andt floating it up ward, till looking forward was like gazialg down the slope of a hill. My heart was never fuller than then. I was half crazy with the passion of joy that' possessed tile. "., However, I was still in a situation that made prodigious demands upon -my coolness and wits, The wind blew southwest, the schooner was running northeast; the bulk of the icebergs lay on the larboard bow, but there were others right ahead, and to star board, where also lay the extremity of the island, though I did not fear that if I could escape the rest. It was a dark night; me thinks there should have been a young moon curled somewhereo anong the stars, but she was not to be seen. I coultdjust make out the dim, pallid loons of the coast of ice upon the starboard beamn, and ai blob or two of faintness-m-lost elusive and not to be tixed by the eye staring straight at them--on the lnrboard bow. Bult it was not long before those blobs, as I term them, grew plainer, and half a score swannm into the dusk over the bowsprit end, and resembled dull small visionary openings in the dark skythero, or like stars magnified ad dituned into the merest spectral light by atist. I passed the first at a distance of a qauarter of a mile; it slid by phantasmally, and another stole out right ahead, This I could have gone widely clear of by a little shift of the helm; but while I was in the act of starboarding three or four bergs suddenly showed on the larboard bow, antil 1 saw that unless I had a mind to bring the ship into the trough again I must keep straight on. So I steered to bring thie berg that was right ahead alittlo on the bow, with a prayer in my soul that thlere night ble no low lyingblock in thie road for tlheschooner to split upon. It went bywithin a pistol shot. I was very nnuch accustotnedl to the sight of ice by this timel, yet 1 founnd m.syself glanuclng at this mass withl pretty tnar ass ;uuch won der and awe as if I had never seen such a thing before, It was not above thirty feet high, but its st hape was exuatly that of a horse's head-the lips sipping thie sca, the ears cocked, the neck arching to the water. You would have said it was somne vast courser rising out of the deep. The lpeculiar radiance of ice tremlled oft itlikealmnhiinons mist into the dusk. The water boiled about its nose, and suggestedl a frothing causeal by the monster steed's expelled breath. Let a fire have been kindlled to glow redl where you looked fqr the eyoe, snd tihe illusnion would have bern fritghtfully grands. lIalf this ice camearns from the island; the rest of 'it was formed of Iergs too tall to have ever be longedl to thie north snd of thaLgreait stretch. It took three bour's to pass cleanr of tlicni, andl then I had to go on cliunging to tie tiller and steering in a m1Ost ullaUClloly, famnished con dlition for anuother long hinif hour bLefro I coucd satisfy Ianyself that the sea was free. llt ntipr I was ,nearlS' dead with thie cold. I hadl stood r or- flvd'hours "t lthq neln, during ill whlcln tine ilay snind lnIt! !be?nl wound alsi to the fiercest tension of aIxiety, nand may eyes felt as if they were straihned out of their sockets by their bearchling of tie glons sahenad; onal nnture, ihaving done hlier best, gave out suddenly, and not to have saved my life could I have stood at the tiller for another ten mlaintes. The gear along thie rail wais so iron haed that I could not snccire lir e l?nhlw-lnlth itb, - softened somoe aInshings ay Iholding theap ho: fore thne finre; and finditlng time schoner oin any retiurn tobe conitng aronnda to siIiarhord, I helixes her by puting the tig ti ller hnrd a-port and securing it. I then went below, built up the fire, lighted my pipe and sat down for warmth and rest. CHAPTER, XXVI. I AU TROUBLED BY THOUGIITS OF TrU TREIASURE. Tho Iweight of the wind in the rigging steadied the schooner somewhat, and pre vented her from rolling too heavily to star board, while her list corrected her larboard rolls! So as I sat below she seemed to inm to be making tolerably good weather of it. Not much water came aboard; now and again I would hear the clatter of a fall forward, but at comfortably long intervals. I sat'against the dressier with my back upon it, and being dead tired zmust have tropped asleep on a sudden- indeed, before I had half smoked my pipe out-and I do not believe I gave a thought to my situation before I slum bered, so wearied was I. Thecold awoke mne. The lire was out, and so was the candle in the lantern, and I was in coffin darkness. This the tinder box speedily remedied. I looked at my watch-? o'clock, as I was a sinnerl so that my sleep had lasted between three and four hours. I went on deck and found the night still 'black upon the sea, the wind the sene brisk gale that was blowing when I.quit the helm, the sea no heavier, and the schooner tumbling in true Dutch fashion upoli it. 1 looked very earnestly around, but could see no signs of ice. JThere would he daylight presently; so I went below, lit the fire, and got amy break fast, and when. I returned the sun was up, and the sea visible to its farthest reaches. It was a fine wintry piece; the sea greesn and running in ridges with frothing heads, the sky very pale among the dark snow laden clouds,,the sun darting a ray now and again, which was swung into the north by the shad ows of the clouds until they extinguished it. Remote in the northwest hung the gleanm of an iceberg- there was nothing else in sight. Yes-something that comforted imn exceed ingly, thlough it was not very many daysago that a like object, had heavily scared nme-an albatross, a noble bird, sailing on the wind ward close enough to be shot. The sight of this living thing was inexpressibly cheering; it put into my head a fancy of ships being at hand, thoughts of help and of human compan ions. In truth, my imagination was willing to accept it as the same bird that I had fright ened away whenl in the boat, now returned to silently reproach me for my trelitlent of it. Nay, my lonely eye, my subdued and suf fering heart, might even have witnessed the good angel of my life in that solitary shape of ocean \eanuty, and have deemed that, though unseen, it had been with me through out, and was now made visible to my gaze by the light of hope that had broken into the darkness of my adventure.. Well, supposing it so, I should not have been the only lllma who ever scared his good angel away and found it faithful afterward. 1 unlashed the tiller.and got the schooner before the windl, and steered until a little be fore noon, letting her drive deanl before the sea,' which carried her northeast. Then, se curing the helm amidships, I ran for the quadrant, and while waiting for the sun to show himself I observed that the vessel held herself very steadily before the wind, which might have been owing to her high stern and the great swell of her sides and her round bottom; but hI the cause what it might, she ran as fairly with her helm amidships as if I had been at the tiller to check her-a most fortunate condition of isy navigation, for it privileged me to get about other work, while at the sanme tinie overy hour was conveyilg mo nearer to thle tricks of ships aund farther front the bitter regions of the south. I got an observation, and made outthat thel vessel had driven aboat flfteel leagues dur ing the night. She nmaist dlo better than that, thought I; and when I had eaten someo din eor I took a chonpplr, and going on to the forecastle lay out upon the bowsprit, anid after beating the spritsail yard block clear of the ice, cut away the gasikts that confined the sail to the yard, heartily beating the can vas, that was like iron, till ai clew of it fell. I then came in and braced the yard squaro, and the wind, presently catching the exposed part of the sail, blow more of it out, and yet nmore, until there was a good surface show ing; then to a sudden hard blast sof wind the whole sail flew open with a mighty crack ling, no though indeed it was formned of ice; but to'Srender it useful I had to haul the sheets aft, which I could not manage without the help of the tackles we had used in sling ing the powder over the side; so that, what with one hindrance and another, the setting of that sail took me an hour and a half. 6 Finding that the ship continued to steer herself very well, and the better for the sprit sail, I thought I would get the body of the old Frenchman overboard, and so obtain a clear hold for myself, so fillr as corpses went. I carried the lantern into the forecastle, but when I pulled the hamintock ofi hlin I confess it was not without a stupid fear that i should find him alive. Recollection of his astound ing vitality found somethling imllrishable in that ugly anatomy, and though he lay before me as dead and cold as stone, 1 yet had fancy that the seeds of life were still in him, that 'twas only the current of his being that had froze, that if I were to thaw him afresh hie might recover, and that if I buried hlin I should actually be dispatching hint. But though these fancies possessed they did not control ime. I took hit watch and what: ever else lie had in that way, carried hin oil deck, and dropped him over the side, using as little ceremony as lie had employed in the disposal of his shiplmntes, but affected by very different emotions; for there was not only the idea that the vital spark was still in him; I could not but handle with awo the most mysterious corpse the eye had ever viewed-one who had lived through a stupor or death sleep for eight-.nd- forty years, in whom in a few hours Time hnd comnpressed the wizardry he stretches in others over half a century w-llo in a niight hadl shruank floms the aspect of his prime into the leai, puck ered, blearcl eyedl, ldeaf and tottering ex pression of 100 years. All that dny alnd through the nighllt that followed the sechlooner dlrove, rolling nud plnmging before tihe seas, into the mortheast, to tle lulling of the.spritanil. I mande sev eral excunlrlOls iltto tle foreh!l, buat nleverl could heaur the solmid of water in tlhe vessel. lier sides in places were still sheathedlc in ice; but this crystal armor was gradually diroJ ping off her to the working pf helir frin\p il the seas, so thlat o ileoshe was plrol'villg her self ighlt, it was cril eril ier tanuchness owed nothing to the glassy plating, I shouldJlnt fatigiie you to follow the sev eral little stories of these hoe uotu 1n3- olle how Igotlny food,l snatched at sleeI, stood at the helm, gazed around tile sea line, and the like. The sea worthliness of the criaft, coupled with thle reasonable assurance of presently falling in with a shllilp, rendered men so far easy iln Ily inild as to emnble ime to thiriik Very freqcuently of tile treasuren, anl how I was to seculro it. If I fell in with an enenmy's cruiser ora privateer I mIust exSpect to be stripped. This woullt be the fortune of war, and I must take emy clianlce. M?y~oneer did inot lio that way-h-ow was I to protect this property, that was justly miiiie, againlst my own countrymlen, snuppose I hadl the gootl fortune tocarrythesecliooncr sfurely into Elg ilsh! watprshgt ba!a a irolthe:-hr-ln-y, Jei'd nilaim ZIasoulEsq, a Turikey merchant min stiall way of biusinesm, whose oltieo was in the city of London, and if I could.amanage to ponvey the treasure secretly to him be would, ' knew, find me a handsomo account in his settletient of this anlair. But it was impos ible to strike out a plan. I must wait, and. Ittend the course of events. I was resolved at all hazards to stick to the schooner4,nld, with it view of providing egainst tihe curiosity of rummaging of any persons who should come aboard, I fell to the tollowing work after getting my breakfast. I hung lanterns in the run and hatchways mnd cabin to enable me to pass easily to and 'ro; I then emptied one of the chests In.tmy tabin, and carried it to where the treasure was. The chest I filled nearly thlee parts full with money, jewelry, etc., 'which sank the contents of the other chests to the depth I wanted. I then fetched a quantity of small arms, such as pistols and hangers and cut hasses, and filled tup the chests with them, first placing a thickness of canvas over the money and jewelry, that no glitter might show through. To improve the deception I brought another chest to the run, and wholly filled it with cutlasses, powder horns, pistols and the like, and so fixed it that it must be the first to come to hand. fMy cunning amounted to this: that suppose the run to be rummaged, the contents of the first chest wore sure to be turned out, but, on the other chests being opened, and what they appeared to contain observed, it was as likely as not that the runmungers would be satisfied that they were arms chests, and quit meddling with theln. ;, The wind at dawn had weakened and come into the west. There was a strong swell- indeed there always is ill this ocean-but the seas ran sniall. - The sky looked like marble, with its broad spreadings of high white clouds and the veins of blue sky between. I wished to make all the northing that was. possible, but there was nothing to be done in that way with the spritsailalone. Had notthe capstan been frozen I should have tried to get the niainsail upon the ship, but without the aid of machinery I was helpless. So, with Ihelm amidships, the schooner drove lan guidly along with her head due east, lifting as ponderously its t line-of-battle ship to the floating launches of the high swell, and the albatross hung as steadfastly in the wake of my lonely ocean path as though it had been some messenger sent by God to watch me into safety. 'CHAPTEIt XXVII. r ENcoUNTIER A WHALER. I had been six days anld nights at sea, and 'the-morning of the seventth day had come. With the exception of olie day of strong southwesterly winls, which ranu me some thing to thle or lhwatrd, the weather had been .tine-h-itterly cold, indeed, but bright and Chlear.tlu this itme I hlad run a distance of about ?O0 miles to the east, and with no other cloths upon the schooner but her spritsail. Ont the morning of tie seventh day I came on deck, having slept since 4 o'clock. Ontt looking over the larboard bulwark rail, the first thinlg T saw was a ship about twc miles oil'. She was on the larboard tack under courses, topsails and maintopgallant sail, heading as if to cross my bows. The sunshine tile her canvas look ias white at snow against the skirts of the bodyof vapor that had trailed a little to leeward of her, tand her black hull flashed as though shil dis 'charged a totoadside every time she rose wet tu the northern glory out of the hollowof tLh swell with a curl of silver at her cut water. SMy heart canme into my throat; I seemed Snot to breathe; not. to have saved my life could I have tuttered a cry, so amazed and transplortel was I by this unexpected appari tion. I strled litke one in a dreami, and .my lhead felt as if all the blood in my body had .Surged into it. Blut then, all. on a sudden, thcire happenetd n. revulsion of .feeling. Sup Ipose she libll oe' it - pr. vatoar-a Frenct war vessel-of a nationt hostile- to my-ownt Thought so wrought in ime that I trembled like ai idiot in a frighit. The telescope was too wealc to resolve her-I could do better with my eyes; dnd I stood at the bulwark: gazing and gazing, as if she were the spectet ship of tile Sellndinavian legend. There were flags below, and I could have hoistedl ait signal of distress; but to what pur. pose? i'1f the appearlnce of the schooler did itot suliceiently illustrate her conditiou, there vas certainly no virtue in the latlguage and -'clarntions of bunting to exceed her owr 'it autsarance. I watched ler with ita as :if anxiety, never doubtintg her intention S. ,,:ak to mle-at iall events to draw close anll look lit Ime- wholly concerning myself with her character. The swell made us both dance, and the blue brows of the rollert would of ten hide her to the height of her rails; but we were closing each other mid. dling fast-she traveling at seven and I at four miles ill the hour-and presentlyI could see that; site carried a number of boats. A whaler, thought I; and after a little I was sure of it by perceiving the rings over . her topgallant rigging for the lookout to 'stand iii, Ont being convinced of this I ran below for 'a shawl that was ill my cabin, and, jumping onil to the bulwarks, stood flourishing it for 'some minutes to let t:.2im know that there was a man aboard. She luffed to deaden her way that I might swim close, and as we ap proached each other I observed a crowd of hends forward looking at me, and several men aft all staring intently. A rmtan scrambled on to the rail, and with ai atrmi claspilg a backstay lhailed mee "Schoonct ahou:i" lie bawled, with a strong nasal twang In his cry. "What ship's that?" I~The Boca del Dragon," I shouted back. "Where ae you from, and where are you bound to!" "I have been locked up in the ice," I cried, "and am in want of help. What ship are yoiu"' "The Susan Tucker, whitler, of New Bed ford, twetity--soven nlonths out," lie returned. "Where in creation got you that hookerl" "I'ml the only man aboard," I crled, "and have no boat. Send to me, in the name of God, and iot the master con I" . 'I'T, the only man aboa-dl." Tur ..-'I111g; -1ill your ilim dipwn -you'. frging ahedulI" snd o laying (lisinountpli. I iIIIntIedintely ust tlho tiller adrift, int it Lard over, aud secured it, thon jumuled on to the bulwarks again to watch them. She was Yankee beyond doubt; I had rather met my own countrymoen; but, next to a British, I would have choseti an American ship to meet. Somehow, despite the Frenchman, I felt my self to ,'ave been alone throughout my ad ventuie, and so sore was' the effect ofshat solitude upon my spiritsthat it seemed twenty years since I had seen a ship, and since I had held conminuion with my own species. I was .terribly agitated, and shook in every limb. Life must have been precious always, but never before had it appeared so precious as now, while I, gazed at that homely ship, with her nmaintopsail to the mast, swinging stately upon the swell, the facesof the sea moti plain, the smoke of her galley fire breaking from the chimney, the sounds of groaning blocks and creaking parrals steal ing from her. Such a fountain of joy broke out of my heart that mny whole being was flooded with it, and had that mood lasted I believe I should have exposed the treasure in the run, and invited all the men of the whaler to share in it with me. They stare fixedly-little wonder that they should be astounded by such an appearance as my ship exhibited! One of the several boats which hung at her davits was lowered, the oars flashed, and presently she was near enough to be' hit with a biscuit; but when there the master, as I supposed him to be, who was steering, sang out, ,"'Vast row ing!l"e boat canme to a stand, aind her peo plot man stared at sle with their chins upon their shoulders as it I had been a fiend. It was plain as a pikestaff that they were frightened, and that the superstitions of the forecastle were hard at work in them while they viewed me. They looked a queer com pany; two were negroes, the others pale faced, bearded man, wrapped up in clothes to the aspect of scarecrows. The fellow who steered had a faceas long as a wet hammock, and it was lengthened yet to the eye by a beard like a goat's hanging at the extremity of his chin. He stood up-a tall, lank figure, with legs like a pair of compasses-and hailed me afresh; but the high swell, regular as the swing of a pendulum, interposed its brow between him and me, so. that at one moment he was a sharply lined figure against the sky of the horizon, and the ultxt he and his boat and crew were sheer gone out of sight, and this malde an exchange of sentences slow and troublesome. '"Say, master," ho "sung out, "what d'ye say the schooner's name isft "The Boca del Dragon," I replied. "And who are you, mateyl" "An English sailor, who has been cast away on an island of ice," I answered, talk ing very shortly, that the replies might fol low the questions before the swell sank him. "Ay, ay," says he, "that's very well, but when was you cast away, bullyl" I gave him the date. "That's not amonth ago," cried he. "It's long enough, whatever the time," said I. Here the crew fell a-talking, turning" from one another to stare at lme, and the negroes' eyes showed as big as saucers in the dismay of their regard. "See here, master," suling out the long man, "if you lha'n't been cast away more'n a month, how collie you clothed as men went dressed a cenltury sinl', heyl" The reason of their misgivings flashed upon me. It was not so much the ;schoonte as iny aplearance. The truth was, tny clothes having been wetted, I had over sincel been wearing such thick garments as I mel with in the cabin, keeping my legs warm with jack boots, and I had become so used te the garb that I forgot I had it on. You wil. judge, then, that I must have presented a figure very nicely calculated to excite the wonder and apprehension of a body of men whose superstitious instincts were already ?sutuciently fluttered by the appearance ol the schooner,'when-I tell you that, in addi tion to the jack boots and a great fur cap, my costunle was formed of a red plush waistcoat laced with silver, purple breeches, a coat of frieze with yellow braiding and huge cuffs, and the cloak that I had takei from the botly of Mendoza. "Captain," cried I, "if so be you are the captain, infu the name of God and humanity cooie aboard, sir!'" Here I had to wait till he reappeared. "My story is an extraordi. nary one.eV.'ou have nothing to fear. I ane a plain English sailor; my ship was the Laughing Mary, bound in ballast front Cal.. lao to the cape." Here I had to wait again. "Pray, sir, come aboard; there is nothing tc to fear. I am alone, in grievous distress and in want of help. Pray comn, sir!" There was so little of the goblin in this ap peal that it resolved him. The crew hung in the wind, but he addressed them perempto. rily. I heard him damn them for a set of curs, and tell thetm that if they put him aboard they might lie off till he was ready to return, where they would be safe, as the devil could not swim; and presently they buckled to their oars again, and the boat came alongside. The long man, watching his chance, sprang with great agility into the chains and stepped on deck. Iran up tc him and seized his hand with both mine. "Sir," cried I, speaking with difficulty, sc great was the tumult of my spirits and the joy and gratitude tlht swelled my heart, "I thank you a thousand times over for this visit, I ain in the most helpless condition that can be nmagined. I an not astonished that you should have been startled by the appearance of this vessel and by the figure I make in these clothes; but, sir, you will be much more amazed when you have heard my story." He eyed me stead olrstly, examining me very earnestly from my boots to lly cap, and then cast a glance around hint before he made any reply to msy address. He had the gaunt?ess, sallowness of complexion, and del(berateness or manner peculiar to the people of New Eng land; and thouigh hlie was a very ugly, lank, uncouth llan, 1 protest he was as fair in my sight as if hlie hal leen the ambrosial angel described bly Milton. "Well, cook my gizzard," he exsolaimed, presently, through his tose, and after another good look at plie and along the decks and up aloft, lif this nin't mi-raculous tewl Durned if we didn't take this hooker for some ghost ship riz front the sea, in charge of a uerman rigged out to lit 1*r ago, ~'5 are all alone, air you " StAll alone," said I. "LBroach tme every barrell aloacrd if ever I see slch a vessel," he cried, his astonishment rising with the searchilng glances hlie directed aloft and alow. "How old be siter' "She was cast away in 175," said 1. "Well, I'm durnedl She's froze hadl, si' ree! I reckonl sho'll watlt a hot sun to thaw her. Split mtoe, mister, if she ain't worth sailing hliio as a show box." i interrulpted "hi ejaculations biy asking n~n? ~ step below, 'where we could sit warm while I relateld my story; andl I asked himl to Invito his boat's crew into the cabin that I a?ight regale them with a bowl of such liquor as, I ventured to say, had never passed thetir lips in this life. On this he iT'ent to the side, and, hailing the men, ordered all but one to come aboarnd sdril dlnk to the hIealth of the Ipzcoatso anilor. they' hsdi conmo across. The ?worl."d rink" acted like a charm; they in stantly hauled upon thie painter anld brought the boat to tile chains and ticbletd over the side, one of the negroes retnainiUg it her. They fell toigetlher i ah body, and surveyedl me and the ship with a hundred marks of Si?-ieu eent. e. (To be Coathlulcd, 