CHATTER XLIV.—Jujial Revisits Juallew < . Aiiat morning, when it was nearly dinner time at the lioueoof ltimmon, Jubal and his uncle David were coming across the Old Park from tho station of Jumley. “What a heathenish place this is!” .Tuhal remarked to his uncle, looking scornfully around at tho wretched tumble-down buildiugs, tho literally black road, and tho great mounds of cinders, and ^ oraiuous-looking holes. “Really, I had no idea it was half so bud us “ Ah, Jubal,” said ht3 uncle, “ wo nover can judge a place till wo’ve another to comparoit with. When I was a little lad, and used to carry your grandfather's dinner in a basin tied up in a handkerchief, I should huvo been ready to slay anyone as hud saidJuinley wasn’t tho finest placo in tho world. No, not that,” said David, blushing slightly. “ I was always more liko ruuuing away than slayiug anybody. But theso luinoi,” ho wont on, pointing with his walking stick, “ weren’t worked out theu, Juba), that is,.nil of 'em weren’t. And Joshua, your rather, Dorcas, ami I, and tho dour baby tlmt. ninri tt-A tniwl tn >->1 r... _j. \ J ;«<u luwwi, coitus, mju u, unci tno uour oaoy that died, wo used to play of a night, at hop scotch with a piocc of coal, in this vory place, and wo used to run over tho pit-banks until it got dark. And you see that house over thoro, Jubal ?’’ ho -said, indicating tho remains of one; “many’s tho tiino I’ve seen.your grandfather washing what ho cillod * tho first coat’ off, out sido that door. Thoro was always a bench standing there, with a tub ou it, ready for him. Your grandmother was a very cioan woman, and she couldn’t boar to have her place racssod up, sho said, as soon as it was cleanod.” “ Well, uncle,” rejoined Jubal, with a high colour in hia cheeks, “I mean no offence; but for our future comfort, it may be as well that I should just say, that I am not particularly proud of having had a grandfather who worked in a coal-pit; nor am I particularly in terested in detailed accounts of his methods of psrfonning a^toilet; nor of games played ray father and aunt Dorcas and you. And u * bring any follows homo with mo, as you told me I may, I beg you will not mention this kind of thing. Of course, I mean no offence. But follows are apt to look down on this sort of thing, I don’t mean to say my grandfather might not havq been a very good man.*' •< «*He. was-v a very good man,” said htB-um.io.jd a tow tone. He was ho waa hearing, and he was woundod> jubal weat on_ «' m n v !wtwwP w 0 v e r interesting the«e accounts S»a&wre8tf85;°tbmftfiuttfi.family. they cannot. “But you are not au outsider, Jubal," ro plied bis uncle, in tho same grieved tone. “Still,you eeo," went on Jubal,. “I never knew my grandfather, which is almost equal to not belonging to him. Aud,” ho added, tak ing out a cigar, and lighting it, at the same tirao being very careful not to soil his straw coloured glovo, which fitted to a nicety, and was bordered by the whitest of white cuffs, “ I can't say that I know a sinnlo member of tho family that anyone would like to belong to ex cept you." Aud Jubal glauced through his long lashes, at his unclo’s face, to see tho effect of his little compliment. Ho saw only tho troubled look. David Rimmon' did not care much for compliments, and did not seo thorn readily. But ho did notice Jubal's cigar, and said to him— “ Well, Jubal, if I wero you, I wouldn’t go into your father's liouso smoking, soeing ho dislikes it so.” “ I would do a good den! to please you, undo, but I shall not come hero to palavor ray father. Tlioy are not to kill tho fatted calf on ray bohalf, and hail the prodigal roturned. And that is tho kind of story he'd toll to all tho clerks in the bank, if I humoured his wishes ever so little. If he says I’m penitent, it shall bo a diroct lie , he shan’t have a foundation of excuse for it. And see. uncle,” ho said, point ing with his hand iu which he held his lighted cigar fora moment, “ a3 you are fond of ro rnioiscenois, there is tho noble ediGco occupied by grandmother during tho latter part of her delightful sojourn in this neighbourhood,” David, slow though he was, could take tho impression of a tone as quickly us anyono; and ho felt that Jubal had known hor as a querulous old woman, it was true; but David had kuown hor us the patient, hard-working mothor of the family. Ho could romombor many a time being rocked in hor arms at tho cottage door, when he had fallen down, or whon some playfellow had becu hitting him. Ho did not put’all this iu words, but-ho said with a gentle dignity which becamo him greatly— “ You asked mo, Jubal, not to speak about your grandfather, or our childhood. I now bog of you not to refer to your grandmother, whom you nover know—I repf.at it, nover know ; for pooplo are not themselves but someone elso, whon thoy are worn down by many griofs.” “ Oh, all right, ancle,” said Jubal, “I didn’t moan to hurt you. It’s all truo what you say. I was only jolting either.” “That was just it," said David; “you were joking,” They wero now passing a ruinod engine house’; and Jubal, happening to glanco down, saw lying hnlf-hiddon under a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundlo of parchment. 1 He tookit up, and put it iuto his pocket. “ ‘Wlmt’s that ?’ ’ asked his undo. “ A bit of old parchment somebody has thrown away *’ # j “ But you have never examined it. It might I bo some important document. I don't kuow l how you are to know,1 if you don't oxamiuo Tho faot is. that Tubal did know wlmt it waa, and did not wish his undo to kuow—that is, ho kuew to a certain oxteut. lie lmd re cognised his father’s handwriting upon it; that was enough for him. Yes; tho knife had boon to tho grindor’s, and had got sharpened; but it socraed to have dreams of cutting -on its own account. Jubal, having a notion that his uncle wau pondering ovor what ho had picked up, and wishiug to ahaugo hiu thoughts, remarked, “What an awful mess this road makes of ono's boots and one’s trousers!” “ You can turn your trousers ujb" ropliedliis undo, looking down at Jubal's. “X turned mino up in thestutiou.” “ But you aoo,” return Jubal, in a lordly fashion, “ trouser-bottoms never sit wall wlieu thoy’vo betn turned up. It quite spoils tho This kind of tails waa beyond David’s com prohoneion. But just as Ho hud always thought that Joshua know bettor thau ho uid, so now ho thought that Jubal did, at IcaEt in ra;st things. Tho stronger will hus often this kind of effect on tho weaker one. A stroug wind is propelling u boat on a conno which threatens disaster; surely tho wind cauuot ho at fault Why theu troublo to alter tho sails? Tho boat may bo blown upon thn rooks and smashed to atoms, but what of that ? Ouo moot submit to tho will of Providonco. Jubal pulled his coat a* little down, and smoothed a wrinkle. They woioia tho road wlraro his father lived. Iu tho houses they lmd to pass, people might ho at tho windows— people he had kuown, aud whew had known him when ho was. shabby, and used to go about with a stoop. Boys h& used to nlw marbles could, probably 11% him. Well* H J thoy (lid, thoy should boo u {'ontienmn, a fiishiouubio man of the world, .Tubal thought, I who was not ruined by Ilia father's disinheriting him, who waB not coming homo in sack cloth and ashes to denote his ropentaaco, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailorcould mako for him, and with annicand manner boBttiug such clothes. It was no beggar coming to his father’s house to ask bread, Jubal went as a priuce conferring a favour by his presence. The door was opened. Sarah, who had not seen Jubal so.long, could hardly keep her joy in. She! seized him aftor the manner of tho 'Black County.people, not.too gently. . “ And, ?h, what a beautiful gontlomau ■ lio’s growed into,”, sho exclaimed, “ Bless his liaudsome It was not until she had exhausted as many opithots as she conld think of, that she began to notide that Jubal was" not so effusive. In fact, ho "Was considering whothor sho lmd been cooking, and might possibly grease his' clothes. He said— . i “Oh, so it’s you, Barith. , How do you do ?” This1 without a smilo, and in every condescend ing Way j and ho was about to pass her, ’whon ho turned back, 'and putting his hand in his pocket,' took out half-a-crown. *• Horn, Sarah,” he said; superiorly, “ you lent mo lialf-n-crown onco; here it is. I just remembered it.” ‘ . Sarah stared at him Tin 'blunk amazement, but'did not'hold out her hand—the .hard working, tough hand that wsie always solcmdly and- so ready' to. lAbourta the uttermost' in loving offices for rtkose' shd cared for. Jubal .dropped the half-a,erowh'into’her hahdj'taking greatcarenottotouchherwithhis glove.' ’ ■ The touch of the cold motal seemed to make Sarahrealise tho truth. Sho Hung it from hor, arid'flung her apron over her head, and began to sob, nbilesho gasped out— ■' “ No, I will never take it; no, not if I wore starving. To think that I would ha’ give nil my savings for one shako of bis band.” Jubal flushed, and drew off ono of Iiis (Mit fltting gloves. “ Dear me,” bo said, “ if it"s a Bhako-hands you want. I don’t object to shaking bands and bo held out a baud'white enough to liavo douo n lady credit, but the girl would not tako it.. How many have had to suffer a like disappointment: ‘how few arc prepared for it beforehand. Our brother or our sister goes away from us for years, to coma back again, so tho world says. Tha body returns, norhnps, but tho Butno self never. Wo have said good-byo to that person forever. Yot those who stay at homo think of tho absent day and night during tho long yours, and broak their lionrls whon but a ghost of tho lost ono comes home. Jubal inorely did as the world (Ia03 j only Sarah had novur thought out tho nuestion. Sho know that for years she had lightened his lifo whon ho was at homo and miserable, that sho lmd during tho past week preparedali kindB of pleasant surprises for him. And now ho treatod her like a strangor, and did not evou shako hands with hor. O simplo Sarah ! with your good heart, you liavo raado and hidden away in tho cupboard au applo pasty fur him ; but his tastes have ehungod, ho duos not euro for applo.pasty now. J'r/r jy fait (/n» is more in Ins line. You may as well leave the pasty iu tho cupboard where it is. But people in .tlie Black Country don't cry quiotly. They do nothing by halves. And Sarah's cry brought Miss Boreas on tho scone, resplendent in a green silk. “ Whntevor’s this disturbance about f” said that lady. But her eyes fulling on her nephew, she was thunderstruck by his appearance. Could this handsomo figure that might havo come out of a gentleman’s .fashion-book ho hor nephew 1 ubal ? It Boomed impossible. “ How d’yo do, aunty” said Jubal, extending tho tips of his fingors. “ I think you are too fluo for such a house as this,” she remarked somewhat cuttingly, “ Wu ire not grand enough for such a lino gentle “ Ah,” said Juhal, with a mock bow. (Sarah had siippod away into the kitchou.) “ It is not to enjoy myself I liavo come, but to see the nakedness of tho land. You see,” ho said, loping hie father waB somowhere within hearing, I've not lot my Scripture knowledge rust. But really aunt, yon are behind the times down hero at Jurniey; green isn't in fashion, you know, now—not in Manchester.” This was a very spiteful thrust, and it wont home. ” You are very rude, indoed,” rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her green lilk nevertheless. ” I get the fashion-plates regularly. I know what’s in fashion bolter than you. Weil, David,’’she said, . turning abruptly towards her brother; arid a cool fairiilv kise vos exchanged. . -t .. ... ..—V But where was Mrs. Himmon all this tinag Will it be believed she was within bearin' vet did not come to speak to her eon ? Shnj naif-afraid. Ho did not seem to liavo revf, tlie aMiam .maII « — l. _ I ! J La 1L 7 1- d . * ^ ft*AthAfMw/dl • whatwould.hn think of'vu •- <r bis mother in tho dark passage leading mm the kitchen* Tho table was laid lor dinner. Xi looked at everything ou tho table, while his uncle and his father shook hands*: Mr. Himmon was determined not to bo tho first to speak to his son, and Jubal decided that bo could live without shaking hands with his father; so there wasuo sort of greeting between them. Juba rneaut to speak to his father, if theru wore any occasion, us ho would speak to auy stranger ;aud au occasion came. .Tubal sat down on one of tho chairs, aud got up again directly, looking scornfully at it. “ You don't mean to say thatyou’vo not had tho spring of that chair mendod yot ?” he said to bis father; aud that was all. Dinner must como iu, aud Mrs. Itimmou kuo’w sho could delay no longer ; so sho timidly entered tho room, her face nervously working, and her tears ready to fall. Jubal kissed her, aud held her from him aud looked at her, and kissed hor again. “Thofarco has begun, bus it?” said Miss Dorcas, seeing thi3, “ No,” said Jubal, standing with his arm round his mother’s waist, “it lms not. The farco will begiu when tho minister comes in to tea, and you aud father act the loving family before him.” When JCeztah onteredlhe room, very pale, and looking pater in her black dress, which she worn for hor grandmother, Jubal could hardly believe it wus his sister. Tho short, crisp, black curls wero tho Barae us ever, but tho features appeared to bo chaugod ; thoy wero moro poiuted—a change duo to thinness. Sho weut first and kissed hor undo David. Ho pressed her hand encouragingly, aud was much tenderer than over in his manner towards hor. Thou Keziuh wentbohiud Jubul’s chair, and, lo&uing; ovor, kissed his forehead. “ Oh, Koziah,” exclaimed Jubal, starting, “ how frightfully cold j^our lips arc !” “ Are they V” suidKezuih, with a wan smile; and shetook her place at tho table, kissing her mother as sho passed her. The door wan now filing open, and Mr. Hackbit swaggered in, and surveyed tho com pany with uleor. Ho gavo a geueral nod, sat down and placed his napkin across bis kneoi. Well, brother-in-law,” said Jubal, across thotablo, “your valot has neglected you this morning. Do you know your toilet's rathei defective ?” Mr. Hackbit looked severely across at Jubal, aud remarked with some asperity that ho would rathor wear no clothes at all than bo dressed up like a doll, us Jubal was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. necktie’s right under your ear,” she said, “ and you look as if you’d beou to bed in your clothes.” “ Aud you,” retorted Hackbit, looking critically at his auut aud hor get-up, “ you look as if you’d just como out from under a gloss shade, you do.” “ Oh, don’t lot us have any quarrelling.” put in David. “ What con bo tho use of that r” Aftor diunor, Jubal announced his inten tion of taking ai stroll. Tho mother would liavo liked to havo begged him to remain with her, but how could Rho dictato to this son who had grown iuto such a goutlemua ? “ Yes, show yourself to tho inhabitants,” was llackbit’s comment. “ You'll collect a crowd if you go out.” “ You'll colleot a bigger crowd than I shall, Botuo day,” retorted Jubal. “ And roally, j Hoekbit,” ho said, eying his brothor-iu*law I with a good bit of merriment in his face, “I waut to light a cigar, and I boliuve I could do it at your nose. Havo you boon acting the clown, and forgotteu to wash your faco ?” With this homo-thrust ho weut out; and Iveziah holpod to clear the table. Mr. Rimnler was to como to ten. Ho had been invited to dinner, but had made au excuse* When toa*timo oamo ho appeared. Thcro was a marked coldness in Dorcas’s munoc-r of receiving Mr. Rimplcr, which that geutlomuu could well accouut for. He, for his part, appeared to havo some fine joke ou hand, aud laughed to himself without any evident rouson several times in succession ; ana at each laugh Dorcas coloured. He was, how ever, scrupulous iu his attention to hor, and also Boomed to tako some interest iu Jubal, whom ho had. been led to suppose a very different sort of person. 