POINTS. ' Ykstsbdit two candidates were elected to eats on local authorities oonncils whose nanus- it is said are not on the roll of the mnnixipatitieE. The Local Government Act saps that " every male person wno. , . .is qualified and registered as a voter in and for any municipal district shall. . ..he qualified to hold the office of coun cillor of the municipality." The definite article " the' fixes the mimici pality in which office may be held. It cannot mesn anj municipality. Tub qualification for offioe is that he bs registered as a voter in and for the municipality. 1 ' Evkby person who acts as a councillor being incapacitated under the provisions of the Act, shall be liable to a penalty of £63." What a country this would be to live in i£ Glaeeey had the shaping of its destiny. Giasset objects to any go-betweens inter cepting the farmers' prodooe before it reaches the consumer. What is the "hon. gentleman" himself but a go-between? unless, indeed, he is something worse— a consumer, on State pay, producing nothing bat mischief, ill-will, and" class hatred. Why doeen't he settle on the land and show to others by hard honest work how to make farming pay ? He knows a trick worth two of that. Spout ing on £300 a year suits him better. Hb prefers, by means of taxpayers' money, to throw the light of his genius on th- wrong relations of classes and the down- trodden con ditions of the masses. _ It he should fail to be a horning and shining light in this benighted land it won't be for lack of gas. Is be already forecaeting the next election,, and buiiding a nest lor hatching discontent in the iarming district because he fears the miners of Bnndamba have had enough of him ? At Coorp&roo; the retuming-offieer had to give a catting vote. Two candidates tied foe second place. It might under tome circumstances be a difficult petition to be called oa to give the only open vote of the election. But when one of the candidates has the ad vantage of great experience, a good record, in more places than one, and local residence, the task is lees invidious than if both were equal. Mobboveb one of the two refused to stand for re-election a year ago when his term of office expired ; but this year he tried his hardest to displace a firet-clees man. Junoixo by the latest strike manifesto the labour leaders of Queensland never learn any lessons in the school of experience. They are apparently preparnd to enter on another big fight with employers all oven interior Australia. NoTwiTHSTArausG the fact that, as they allege, powerful financial institutions are at the back of the employers. If this case pity for their obstinacy and incapacity mutt be combined with regrets foe the lessee and sufferings of their victims. Eyidbstly the employers think that the time has arrived for deciding by whom the stations of this continent shall be managed. Ha, ha; vital statistics; so many persons died. Pbofessoe Eabdebheub says it is 100 to nothing Koch's lymph will not cure you. It may do the other thing, in a short time. "They" rejoico over Orispi's downfall, because if ho stand, so will the triple alliance. "What do the labour people require to make them believe that all governments are no; theic sworn enemies ? To near tho expressions of some of the most prominent members of the federation, one would be inoliued to think that all governments delighted to tread on their oorns. Tbbib polities may be summed up in the wcrds of the man in the play, "I'm ugin the government." Tozeb doesn't like to hart the feelings of any man, and he jest lets deputations nag on until they are tired. Then ho tries an ednoating prooess with them which does very little good and a lot of harm, becauso it woatos his valuable time. If MacroEaan had half of Tozor's deputations he wonld send them " right about wheel, quick march," before they had got ton words out. With tho other half he would deal In about fifty words, and deal oloarly and definitely with them too. Tub municipal cleotloua have come and gone,, and no one has been killed with oxoitomont. Somb candidates that woro vory oonfidont have been lot down, while othors who thought that thoy hadn't a ghost of a sho w wont to tho head of tho poll. Tim usual spoeohes of suoocssful and dofontod candidates havo been dalivorod as follows : Suc cessful oandiduto, " I am vory thankful that I havo got in," and unsucocsBful ditto, " I feel wild about tho wholo affair, but mustn't lose my temper or it will spoil my show next timo." Hitwood had a narrow shavo for it at Ooor- paroo, and noxt timo ho will work a little bit when ho knows that his opponontB ara leaving no atone unturned to gain thoir onds. If ho had a narrow squeeze for it ho oan oomfort hlmsolf with tho reflection that tho Doctor la willing to atake his ox, his ass, his maid servant, man, servant, and all that ia his on the certainty that he is to bo mayor for tho' ensuing year should he so desire. Clabk and others have bsen easting their eyeB that way, but the fruit ia beyoud their reach for some time. Jvnoraoby the tone of thospeeohes in the Town Hall laBt night, the results of the eleotiona oaused a good deal of surprise. In two instances tho sueoessfnl candidates did not antioipate being returned, and their oppon ents did not antioipate boing rejeoted. .The next question to be deoided is " Who ia- tot,b-nayor ?" generally oonsidorod a aura thing- bnt ano|hel .urprise may bo brought out. not fltandi and it ia almost diffityhLfiungkkrka 8hQ"5 It it said that an t,.muvor ; anii t t there too, but the ooumii is Uk , J forget itself as to return t£a, ' Buhodb has it that Wilurd ambition, enough to aapiro to the chair, buutoBUKKestion . is treated as a joke. A qood deal of sympathy was exprt,swj /oe Phillips, when it became known that .a ba£ been defeated. PEODAELYhis defeat was tho greatest surprise, of the lot. Why do tbey say when a mm is ill and . likely to dlo, that his case is " oritnal f" That it, when a man la about to bo married,", why not say his case is " critical "> " Oaekkh Siuva " saya that " nen study a- woman us they would a bsrometa ; l,at they- do not understand till tho day aftervard. " BiiAiiLAuan was buried in silonca, jist at yon bury a " dawg. " Ho preferred it. V , Tub richest man in tho world, if huiroa to - inherit his patrimony, will bo tluf young: Viscount Belgrave, grandson of thooukoofi Westminster. By tho time ho attihs bis- majority, it ia estimated that his incoip will ' ' be about £3,000 a day. 1 