SAVED BY BLOOD. The daylight had faded, the evening was Bpont, And darknesB*had reigned for a whilo ; Tho Angel cf death-to the dwellings was sent, That stood in the land of the Nile. He saw every doorpost as onward he flew, And'quick as the flash of an oyer- The first born member in each bouse ho slow, Though nobody saw bira come nigh. Ha carno to the dwellings of brick and \-- mud, And den r as tho light lie could Bee What doorpost and lintels were sprinkled xvilh blood, And'thoy from liis visit were free. Although it was dark, yet the angol surveyjed Eaoh dwelling on stream or on shore, And those who Jehovah's directions obeyed, Were Saved by tho Blood on Iho.door. To say'why it saved thorn is moro than we can, Ot wlty such a siga was employed, But all who behoved and accepted the plan, Were saved when tlieT aneel destroyed: So 'all who bsliovo in the Blood that was .. shed,• •.:• ;'Tiiongh»otten iirdarkness thoy lio,-. And though they/must sleep in the. bed of ^^^Awakerwhcn the.'angol goes by. The peoplei-lia'd not'to stand out and talco caro • .To look at the blood OD tho post, Though dark, yet the angol could seo it . was.-thproj • ... Ar.d no one who had it waB lost; Sometimes;-;to the Christian tho way may ;.. ba.darkj When sin cometh in Iiko a flood, .. Yet he'may tie safely at rest ib that ark, Whosa-door has been sprinkled wilh Blood,./ We live by tho Nile and wo know net ll'ow cloBO • • . The Angol may bo with'hie dart,. Havo we taken care that tho Blood of the CroBs . Appeals at the door of our hearts ? 777"/ Blood is ordamod for redemption of man, ; • Is needless for us to discuss ; Wo know all &ro; saved who believe in tho I :..'.plan,..: • 'And thatiB eufllcient for as. JOHN BAG,.. 1 Balmoral,' Albert Park. How IT WAS .MADE.—Littio Juhney-r-" ' You ought to havo seen Ale; Merrit and aiatcr make lemonade.! Mrs. . Brown— * How did they do it?' Little/Jqhnoy^. ( Core held, tho lemon while Mr. Merrit Bqncczed Cora. 1 KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.—* Uncle Raatua aro you afraid of ghosts?* ? Yessir. I doan- like ghosses.* ^Well^I merely wanted to warn you that iny chiken-houBO was haunted/ - 4 Haunted:?." No, sah, 'tojot. Idone been dar 'fore die, boney.* ( AHE you going to Qaeeriacliife this sum. mer ?aeked one young woman of another ' No/ WOB the reply. • I don't think it would, be of any use. Susie and Beeaio both got married laBt season, and I don't aiippose that, pa could support.. another husband.' 