NOVELIST: My Lady's Revenge. By E. HARBISON JONES. CHAPTER XXL—(Continued ) " Bsbb, little love, wake np," cries St. Aubyn, a tremor in his voice. She stirs and hall opens her tired eyes, and mnrmnrs .again: "Bsdmond, 1 am so glad yon have come, j 1 am so tired a> d lonely, and I've wanted j yon so. Ton won't leave me all by myself in j the dark and cold, wiil yon i" No, no, dearest love," responds her hus band, catching her words, but not the name of Bedmond—"do, I wiil never leave you again. '" Come; we are going away from this dreary old place, back to London. Come, my darling." He kisses her eyes till they "open wide and look at him with a bewildered,feverish stare. At last she knows him, and she struggles np from bis arms with an involuntary sigh and ! a look of sad regret. " 1 was dreaming, I think," she says, in an embarrassed way, " and talking at random. 1 tried to keep awake for you, bnt I got so tired. Shall we retire nnw ?" I *l Bess, little love, wake up," calls St. Aubyn, a . tremor in bis voice. " No, Bess. Get up and put j our wraps ; on. We are going to London to-night. I've had news from there which necessitates my immediate return, end I know you've had enough of this old ghost-nest." She opens her eyes in a startled way, for the little clock on the mantel points to the midnight hour, and ehe hears the wild winds rioting amid the turrets, and the sea thundering on the sands below 4 but she rises and obeys him without'a word, In half an hoar they are ready, the car riage drawn np before the Btone steps, the luggage all ready "to follow. , St. Aubyn hands his wife , in, and leaps Into the carriage after her. j ... " Seymour," he calls out, in a ringing voice that all the servants hear, "shut and look up the old place, and follow me, all of . you, with SB little delay as possible." The servants huddle together in the windy darkness, a few glad to get away from the dismal old Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after this looks the heavy door, and comes down the stone steps with a look of terror in bis eyes; bat he due not disobey his master. He joins his fellow servants, and in an hour the whole party is gone, and Aber duano Lodge is left to silence, and gloom, and death. Lord St. Aubyn is in London, and in his magnificent town house, on the following night. But he cannot remain in any one plaoe; be haB been but and in at least a dozen times daring the afternoon. " What is it, dear?" asks Bess, from her oouehbefore the grate. "What makes yon so reBtless ?" He looks at her with a sharp, suspicions : glanoe.but her tender eyes are only full of anxions love. "I'm not well, Bees," he replies, " and I'm troubled about eome business matters things you cannot understand, little one. I cannot imagine why," he goes on, with a great effort, »'my solicitor and Mr. lijthwell don't come; they were to meet me tc-riight. I have sent to Yact'B office and to Mr. Roth well's rooms, but they are not to be found. However, I suppose it's all right." He rises and begins to pace the room, turns to the window, and looks out into the black sight. , "Bees, my dear," he says, suddenly," you must go to bed. I'll ring for Mason, who will sit with yon to-night. I am going out, and I may not return till to morrow." " Yes, dear," says submissive Bess. " She rises, receives his parting kiss, and is ready to accompany Mason, who enters a moment after to conduct her to her room. St. Aubyn takes his hat, eteals through the hall, and oat at the street door with stealthy steps, and vanishes in the gloom of the windy November night. In a short time he reappears again, but in a low, dark street in the neighborhood of Bkckfriars Bridge. There is a small shop in that locality where cast-olf garments, false wigs, and other suoh disguises are sold. This low den he enters, muffled to the ohiu by his coat-collar, and with his slouch hat pulled low over his eyes. He strikes a speedy bargain with the ancient Israelite who stands behind the counter for a rough suit of sailor's garments, a hat to correspond, and a red wig and heard. My lord pays the money down, goes into a room and changes his clothes, having his own placed in a cheap bag whioh he pur chases. Ie ibis cfcpuieo, wi(b bio rough ted heard streaming in Jbe wind, St. Aubjn goes foitb, hsils a cab, <hives to the terminus, gets into a train, and travels ncithword. Another wild night. The thunder of the eurf in Cardigan Bay is like the booming of & battle. Over Aberdudno, perched upon the black, wind-lashed cliff, the darkness and silence of the grave iteeif broods. A drearier, ghostlier place than this old Lodge conld not well be imagined; yet now, at this hour of the night, the figace of a human creature crouohee along through the thick darkness of the ruined moat in front of the lower entrance. He makes his way along, groping, stumbl ing, till h6 reaches a sort of walled court ' which leads into the main entrance. * ■ [For a minute lie stands irresolute, a tremor in his limbs, and then he starts on again, gasping as he goes: " I must know, or I shall go mad V* The door is ajar, and be goes in, and on ward, till he comes to a door all barred and stndded with great iron nails—the door that leads down to the rained dungeon vaults below He takes a key from his breaet, and, after some trouble, turns it in the lock with a rasping noise. The door swings open—he enters and closes it after him. He stamps a moment in the gloom, his teeth chattering in bis head; then he strikes a light, and pro duces a small lantern from a pocket in bis capaoions garments. The pale light shedB a lurid glare on the black, reeking walls, and on the man's dis tended eyes and death-white face. For a minnte he stands irresolute, a tremor in his limbs, and then he starts on again, gasping as he goes: " I must know, or I ehall go mad." He gropes down a long, damp corridor, the w6t stones dinging to his feet, noisome things hurtling across his face, hie breathing short, and harried in the close, choking air. But on he goes, the blue fire flickering in his eyes, his lips set hard and firm beneath his rongh red beard. He reaches a second door at last, at the end of the corridor, and pauses to open it. But before his hand touches the look it swings back on its rusty binges, a step rings dally on the monldy flags, and a human face looks out upon him from the darkness beyond. He bounds back, with a suppressed ory of horror, and lets bis lantern fall. The face emerges, and with it a human figure and an other lantern. St. Aubyn stands aghast, his red wig and beard displaced, staring wildly at this in truder. whoever he may be. 'For mercy's sake, my dear young master, is it you ?" The voice brings St. Aubyn to his senses, and he recognises his servant, old Seymoar. With the recognition, all his courage and de termination return, and he grabbles the old man by the throat with a fierce cath. •* What are you doing here 2" he aeks. "Oh, master have mercy !" he implores. "I saw it all—ail that was done in the black drawing-room—and 1 came back to nee if they.-jrere dead. But, master, thanks betoHeaven, they are both alive." "Alive!" St. Aubyn recoiled as if an adder had struck him. J" Aliyel" continued the faithful old man, oatobingr^t." Auhyn's hands, fchd holding them fast,- while tears rained over his wrinkled checks. " Alive,- both of them, and your soul is saved from the awful crime of murder," But St. Aubyn flings'him oil with another bitter oath. " Master, I had to save you ; I couldn't help it. Forgive your poor old servant. Something told me to come back, and 1 found them both alive—mangled and suffering, but alive—for something bad broke their fall. Master, I have brought food and water, and gave it to them through the bars of the grated door; and they are alive, and in their senses. Oh, my maBter, 1 have saved you from murder 1" * At last idie man's faithful devotion seems to touch St. Aubyn; the fire in his blue eyes softens. " Well, I don't know bat I'm glad myself," he says, .in a gasping,. breathless way. " Murder's an awfnl thing.. It went against my nature—but they farced me. It is more their fault than mine. And now," he bursts out, Struck by a^sudden sense of his position —" what am I to do now ?" " Muster," suggests the old man, meekly, " there's but one way to get out of ail this trouble. Ho with me to the old vault below there, and let nB get the poor men oat." "Whatf" storms St. Aubyn; "Do you want to see me bang ? Do you think they are fools enough-to walk out at my bidding, and- then keep their months shnt ? They forced me to do what I've done, and there's no turning back now." "No, master; it is never too late to undo a wrong," suggests the old man. " Seymour, what is done cannot be un done ; and I know you'll keep my secret," He grasped the old man's arm to lead him away, but Seymour went down on liis knees, resisting all liis efforts. aa?s si, Aubyn. "Come, my faithful old friend; we will look up these black vaults and return to London, and " " Master, I cannot. I have served you faithfully all my life long, and I would he willing to die now if it would free you from all thiB; but I cannot leave two fellow creatures to die a lingering death in that black fault." "What will you do, then? Betray me ?" storms St. Aubyn. " No, master, I shall never betray you no matter what you do." " Come away, then; this foul air is choking me. He grasped the old man's arm to lead him away, but Seymour went down on bis kneea, resisting all his efforts. " No, master, I can't go 1" " Then I'll have your life, too 1" «< you may take it, and welcome, master, I would much rather be rid of it now." St. Aubyn put his band to bis breast, where he had a deadly weapon conoealed, but drew it tack again almost instantly. "I would as soon strike my own mother," he muttered, " it I had one. I eannot do it. But, Seymour," he added, with passionate earnestness, " it you ever loved me, do not betray me now—in the very hour of my triumph too. The men in there "—pointing with a shudder towards the vaults beyond— | " have me wholly in their ^wer; their free dom would insure my shame and ruin. Sey mour, you would not save them and sacrifice me, would you ?" " No, master," alowiy and earnestly, *' I couldn't do that." "Then there's nothing else you can do, Seymour, but to come away with me." Suddenly the old man's face brightened, as he turned it towards the master he loved so well. " I'll tell you what I can do," he cried ; " I can stay here and keep watch on them. Let them live, but keep them prisoners. That will make you safe, master. Y ou know you can trust me. Let me do that, aud it will save your soul from mnrder." The handsome peer stood irresolute. Even in his peril he was conscious of a curious ! thrill of satisfaction on hearing that his victims were yet alive. He did not care to have his happy, luxurious life haunted by a ghostly remembrance of murder if it could reasonably be avoided; and in his weakness, and irresolution, and sense of guilt, he caught desperately at old Seymour's suggestion. But bow could you manage it? You would be discovered," he said. " No, master; no one ever comes to this place. Give me a little money, and leave me here to taks charge of the old place, that's all." St. Anbyn drew out his purse and put it in the old man's hand. Have it your own way, then," he said, drawing a deep breath of relief—" for a time, at least. When yon tire of your task, all you have to do is to shut up the old place and take your departure. I need not caution you to be careful; I know I can truBt you, Sey mour. Good-bye." They parted at the great studded iron door, and St. Aubyn, readjusting his disguise, made his way out into the blustering night with a sense of relief, as if the dread horror of his crime had been lifted from him; and in the lurid gloom of the dark and dismal donjon, poor faithful old Seymour began his self- imposed vigil. 