A TRUE REVIYAL. BY REV. T. S. WILLIAMS. I want to say a few words concerning religious revivals, and also to enquire by what means a true revival of spiritual life and work may be brought about. Some of us have, for a lon,| time, been looking with longing eyes, and anxious hearts, for a true revival of religious life in the colonies. I suppose there will not be two opinions among us is to a need of such a revival in our midst. To my mind, the most appalling feature of existing evils is not the large amount of prevailing immorality, among men of the world, nor the scepticism of the age ; bat rather the want of consistency among professedly Christian people. We have no wish to take a pessimistic view, but, at the same time we cannot shut our eyos to facts. There can be no doubt about it, a revival of religious life is needed. We have have great need to pray the prayer of Habakkuk.' O Lord revive thy work in the midst of the years,' .All true spiritual movements in Churches, and societies must emanate from God, but at the same time certain responsibilities connected therewith rest upon Christ's followers. We must not, for a moment, entain the idea that there are spasmodic actions of the Divine power, or that there is anything like caprice in the Divine workings. The Divine energy, like Jesu3 Christ' is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever.' The termB that are sometimes used in prayer, and the experience ofttimes used in sermons and conversation, are such as seem to imply that ours a capricious God, who only at intervals comes down, with a mighty blessing, upon humanity. Let not Jehovah be thus dishonored. Brooding over this world to day we have the same God, the same Jesus, and the same Spirit as worked so mightily in the days of yore. We dishonor God greatly when we infer that He only deigns to hear us periodically. • But, on the other hand, as we study human and religious history it doeB appear, at first sight, that the Divine blessings have been and are somewhat partial. We see the mighty effects of the Spirit in one town much more marked than in another, in one Church than in another, and in one individual than in another. And we see, too, how at different periods the effects of the Spirit seem to vary. There have been seasons of Spiritual awakening in towns and cities and countries wonderfully similar to the first Pentecostal manifestation. It will be well for us to ask—What is the secret of this ? How is it that we don't realize these experiences more frequently. Let me at once say that the secret of the whole matter is with us. We need the restoration of right relations to God. This fundamental truth is taught in scripturc. The Atonement was for the purpose of restoring men to right relations to Goi; the barrier to man's entrance into heaven has been removed. How then is it that there is not a spontaneous outflo v of grace upon all men ? There certainly is sueh an outflow, but unfortunately all men do not receive it. Before a perfect reconciliation can be effected between two parties there must be mutual agreement. This is just what is lacking in too many cases. So then, if, at times there is what is termed a ' revival' in a neighborhood, it means that the hearts of men have been opened to receive the proffered grace of God. But now,.we ask,' How is it that the manifestation oE the power of the Holy Ghost is apparently partial? Why do we not, as Churches, have these manifestations more frequently?' Again we answer— We need the maintenance of right relations with God. We need to attain and sustain these right relations. God is an ever present reality, so is the Holy Ghost. The sun is stationary, but although for several hours we are enveloped in darkness, yet when our part of the earth gets into right relations to the sun we at once receive a wondrous inflow of light and wartnth. So, let the cold dark heart come into right relation to the Sun of Righteousness, and there will be a corresponding result. Whatever hindrance there may be to the mighty working of God is on our side. ' He did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief '—Matt. xiii. 58. Often have we seen the drooping crops revived by the Bhowers from heaven. The restoration of right relations tvith the .reviving element insures a revival. Thus shall a revival be brought about in our own hearts and in our own churches. How may these right relations be brought about ? The atonement sets us in right relations to God's justice, but right relations to the divine character can only be attained and sustained by Christian experience and spiritual growth. We need to sustain such relations to God that there may be an inflow corresponding to the divine outflow. It is a new inflow rather than a fresh outpouring that we require. Jesus said to the Church of the Laodiceans,' Behold I stand at the door and knock.' The Church needs to arouse to this truth. As faT as the divine energy is concerned, •there is no reason why we should not have more forcible manifestations than we do. ' For the promise is to you and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call.'— AetB ii. 39. But what has this to do with a revival of God s work among unbelievers ? Be assured that it has a great deal to do with it. It has pleased God to work largely through human agencies—but it is necessary for the 'human agent to be ' filled with the Spirit.' If we as workers were better men and women, more Christly in •our lives, and more devoted in our energies, we should have far greater results from our work than we now have. The successful evangelization of unbelievers .depends, to a large extent, vpon the sanctificatioa of ielievers. So we come back to the oft- stated truth that a true religious revival must begin ia the church itself. Let us get into right relations with thedivinecharacter, and we shall become better soul winners. The great requisite of our age is a fuller and more comprehensive "Christian living. We do not neeed to be always talking spiritualities, but we do need to be always living Christianity. . There are many things which tend to check the inflow of divine grace. Time will not allow me to specify these now. Let each examine himself. Let right relations be attained and sustained toward God, and we shall certainly receive a fresh inflow of power «nd grace, In connection with the new Electoral Bill provision will be made for opening ballot boxes at polling places. Mr. Solomon had introduced a bill for the purpose of suppressing secret societies amongst the Chinese in the Northern Territory. Cholera is raging at Meccain Arabia, on Sunday last the deaths were 360. The Coldstream Guards have rebelled.against the excessive drill to which they have been subjected, they carried their point. 