.. Brl»di a«d Fsrapfi . / The ypar 023 marks the disoovetf pi # land bythe IoeUudw. ; = . It takes about three seconds fipr m go"romorM«>d of U» Attantio eU& to «» .other. . n 1 Mr. John S. ParneU. tbe brottwr ex S. Pamell, is said to be the largest fruit- grower in the United States. . The Chicago World's Fair wilt have on exhi bition a microscope, just completedat rt Mumcfi, which magnifies 11,000 femes— probably 'the largest in tlte world. _ 1 The use of liquid fuel for 1 oco motives is being continued, after long experiment by the Great Eastern Railway Company. The high price or railway coal led toits use. <: AM my life long," writes Cardinal Man ning " I have done my utmost to prevent the holding of bazaars, lotteries, and raffles for works of charity or religion." ' Needles, even in the days of Henry VllL, were so rare that an old play records the fact that a whole village turned out, to hunt for & lost one " by the light of a cat 8 eye. The Philadelphia Satellite states that, during the abortive attempt to cut a canal through the isthmus of Panama, as much as 200 f OOlioz. o f quinine were used annually in combating malarial fever. , A murder of Jack the Ripper type was dis covered in Paris recently. An unfortunate woman named Rosenwald was found near the Porte de Bercy "with her head nearly severed from her body, and cruelly mutilated. Another duel has taken place in Pesth, between M. Johann von Harkanyi. a landed proprietor, and M. Julius von Miklos, a mem ber of the Hungarian Parliament. They com- menced hostilities with pistols, and continued with sabres. The result was that M. Harkanyi was dangerously wounded, while his antagonist remained- unhurt. - The doctors who are attending the mad King Otto of Bavaria report that he has surmounted a critical period in his malady, and that being physically sound, he may live for many years, though mentally he remains The importation of foxes into England from Norway for the purpose of providing sport appears somewhat incredible, but nevertheless such is the case. One Swedish, gentleman at Saiaholm, is responsible for sending 600 young live foxes. Sovereigns were first issued about 1489, when they were worth the twenty-fourth part of lib. of geld. In 1542 they were worth 30s. &- P1®"?. They have varied a good deal. In 1550 they were worth 24s. ; in 1562, 30a. ; in 18J7 down to 20s., the value at wiucii. they havo since remained Edward McCaffrey, one of the notorious y Invincibles." has been released from Mount- joy prison, Dublin. M'Caffrey pleaded guilty m !8S3 to complicity in the Invincible oon- j e result of which was the murder of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Mr. Burke, and was sentenced to ten yeafa penal servituda. Aumn living at Portelade has just accom- plished a noval feat. He made a wager to eat Sib. of potatoes under an hour, and performed hw task at the Gardeners' Arms, Portelade. in the space of 27 annates. Nptwithstandinghis ' 41&M; and afterwards attended a smoking con- durinS11?? Slpto nt Vesuvius was tried « eruption, in order to make scientific observations. The aeronaute suc- ceeded in bovering aeir the crater loag eanitA be oolumh Of «Aes and emoke thrown «p S. the volcanoiwehlm-tliet lava torreut flowing out of theneWfttateac; The gilded youth who (moss the Atlantic am advised tar an American paper not to omit to provide themselves with two carnations and & raw potato, in addition to their other lug<r,M The carnatiout are to be worn on alternate days, and each, when not adorning its pro. pnetor. is thrust for half its length ino a canty bored m tbe raw potato, widen i paid to pre serve its freshness daring the voyage. At Vienna recently a medical t indent named Fischer was sentenced to a long term of imprisonment. Upon jud? ment being pronounced the prisoner cned out, " I charge tbe judge with the wilfnl murder of an innocent man.'' and at the same time he plunged a long dissecting knife into his breast. The wound proved mortal, and tha student died cursing hm legal murderers. The remains of the Jones family were found in the ruins of their house near Clay City, in tie State of Illinois. The family consisted of husband, wife, son, and daughter, and grand child. It is thought that either the son or father murdered the family, set fire to the house, aud committed suicide. The sea was addicted to liuuor, and had threatened to kill the family, and the husband was subject to fits of insanity. The Baroness Bloo infield, in her " Reminis cences," relates how on one occisiou the Queen desired her to sing, and she "in fertr and trembling sang one of Gr si's famous airs, but omitted a shake at the end. The Qn -en's uick ear immediately detected. the omission, and smiling. Her Majesty said, ' D es not your sister shake, Lady Normanbj r' to which Lady Norm an by promptly replied, Ob, yes, ma'am she's shaking all over !' ' ' Everybody has heard the proverbial col- loquialism, "according to c-.-efcer, but it may a it be so universally known that Mr. Edward Cocker was a fashionable writing ma-t r hard by St. Martin's lane, who not oniy gave ies-ons to the younger and often adult members of the nobility and gentry, but likewise im Parted tuition, particularly in " flourishes." o 'ha engravers of his epoch. Mr. <; cker " flourished" late in the reiu oi Charles II. A good story comes from one of the recent elections. A plan was formed to ti ghten to death a certain Tim Casey on his return iretn market by night past the churchyard. As he passed, the usual turnip, white she jt. and lan- thorn of the conventional ghost were submitted to his gaze with the customary weird h<vls. Tim, however, simply looked fixedly at the apparition for „ a moment and remarked, " Arrah, now, and is it a general re urrection, or are ye just taking a walk by yerseLt : ' ' 