THE GHOST OF THE TRAIN- ING STABLES. (CONCLUDED.) "Did you hear that?" "What the deuce was it?" The two men, who were sitting over the fire in the comfortable smoking-room, sprang to their feet. Coulson put down his pipe and went into the hall. Someone was moving about in the kitchen. "Is that you, Martin?" he called. "What was that row?" The man came out at once. "Did you hear it, too, sir? It made me jump, it came so sudden. Sounded like some one hollering out in the stables." "Get a lantern. I must go across and see what it was. Are yon coming, too, Captain? Then bring that shillelagh in your hand. It might be useful." Martin unbolted the side door, which opened on the garden, and the three men crossed the gravel path and went through the yard. Here they saw the gleam of another lantern. Some one was running towards them. It was one of the lads, half-dressed, and evidently just out of bed. "Is that you, Mr. Coulson?" he said breathlessly. "Did you hear that scream? It woke us all up. Bryant can see the saddle-room from his window, and he says the door is wide open." "Come on," was Coulson's answer, as they hurried across to the stables. The square of light from the saddle-room showed clearly through the darkness. "Here's Jervons," said the trainer, wh was first to enter. "He is only asleep," he added, as he lifted the lad's head and listened to the regular breathing. He shook him roughly, trying to arouse him, but Jevons was beyond being awakened by any ordinary method; he made an inarticulate grunt and dropped back into his former attitude. "Drunk!" ejaculated Martin, blandly. "Drugged, by gad!" Captain Berkeley had taken the empty jug from the table and smelt it. The sickly odor of the powerful opiate clung about the pitcher and told its own tale. "Then," cried the trainer, "as I'm a living man, they've got at the colt." His face was white and set, as he siezed the lantern and ran to the loose-box. The door was open; the key was in the lock. The men crowded up. There was scarcely a doubt in their minds but that the mis- chief was already done. Coulson held up the lantern and looked round. The colt was standing up in the corner, snorting and sniffing the air. He, too, had been startled by that terrible cry. On the ground, straight in front of the door, a man lay prone on his face. There was no mistaking the look of that helpless body, the limp flaccidity of those out- stretched arms. "He's dead, sir," said Martin, as he turned up the white face. "Hold the light down; his coat's wet with—some- thing." It was not blood, only a sticky, dark- colored fluid, the contents of a broken bottle lying underneath the body. Just beyond the reach of the clenched right hand was a heavy loaded stick, and near the door they found a thick wollen hand- kerchief. Berkley bent down and looked at the drawn features. "Surely," he said, in a low voice, "it is the same man you thrashed this morning?" Coulson nodded. "He meant squaring accounts with me, and he has had to settle his own instead. It is strange that there should be no marks of violence about him, and yet he looks as if he had died hard." And truly, the dead man's face was terrible in its fixed expression of mortal fear. The eyes were staring and wide open, the teeth clenched, a little froth hung about the blue lips. It was a horrid sight. They satisfied themselves that life was absolutely extinct. Then Coulson gave orders for the colt to be taken back to his old box, locked the door on tho corpse until the police could arrive, and spent the remainder of the night in the saddle-room, waiting till Jevons should have slept off thr effects of the opiate. But when the lad awoke he could throw very little light on the matter. He swore positively there was no one in the box when he paid his last visit at five minutes to 12, and he could remember nothing after returning to the saddle-room. How the tout had effected an entrance, by what means his purpose had been frustrated and his life destroyed, remained for ever a mystery. The only living man who knew the truth held his tongue, and the dead can tell no tales. But Mr. Vicary, as he watched Captain Berkeley's colt walk away from his field next day, and, cleverly avoiding a collision with Nightingale on the rails, pass the post a winner by three lengths, was struck by the fact that the "Rocket" had grown smaller during the night, and he could have sworn the horse he saw in the loose box had some white about him somewhere. "He's one o' raight sort," exclaimed a stalwart Yorkshireman who stook at Vicary's elbow. "When aa seed him i' t' paddock aa said aa'd hev a poond on th' squoire's 'oss for t' saake of ould toimes, for he's strange and loike Blue Ruin, as won th' Ebor in seventy-foive. 'Twas fust race as iver aa'd clapped eyes on, and aa'd backed him for ivery penny aa'd got." The publican turned involuntarily to the speaker. "Did you say you colt was like Blue Ruin?" he asked, hoarsely. "The very moral of him, barring he ain't quite so thick, and ain't got no white stocking. I reckon you'll remember Blue Ruin," added the farmer, referring to a friend on the other side, "him as killed ould Coulson?" Vicary was a strong man, but at the mention of that name a strange, sickly sensation crept over him. The color forsook his face, and when, a few minutes later, he called for a brandy "straight," the hand he stretched out for the glass was shaking visibly. Once, and once only, did the landlord allude to the events of that fatal night. It was when Mr. Davis, loudly deploring his losses, expressed an opinion that Slimmy was "a clumsy fool, and matters would have come out very differently if he had been there." "You may thank your stars," was Vicary's energetic rejoinder, "that you never set foot in the cursed place. The poor chap is dead, and there ain't no call for me to get myself mixed up in the business. Least said, soonest mended, say I; but you mind the story I told you the night Downey brought the news of that blooming colt, about ould Coulson swear- ing he'd come back from the dead, if need be, to do Berkeley a good turn." "I remember right enough. "What's that got to do with it?" The landlord glanced nervously over his shoulder. "Only this," he answered, sinking his voice to a whisper: "he kept his word!" 