Our Sydney Letter. From W. J. S. Queen's weather for Anniversary Day and Sydney poured out its teeming thousands accordingly to races, regattas, picnics and other forms of recreation. It must be con fessed that the quieter and more refined modes of recreation are at a discount. Col onial amusements as yet are very much like Colonial rum, coarse, fiery, common, "they bite all the way down." Education, or rather the want of, is at the bottom of what is ob jectionable. Thousands of parents are so eaten up with the desire to enjoy all of excitement that is to be enjoyed that they entirely ne glect to teach their children the nature of their true rational enjoyment. They them selves are like their parents were, and so they will go on until the slow but sure dis cipline of events has taught its lesson. ''Let us eat, drink and be merry for to-morrow we die," sums up the popular philosophy and the popular theology too, and a great part of the self-styled "social reform" of the day seems merely to aim at endowing every one with a more liberal sup ply of the wherewithal. No such charge, however, can be levelled at the demonstration which took place at the unveiling of Dr. Lang's statue. John Dunmore Lang was truly one of the fathers of the liberties of the colony. He found it ridden by a military despotism of the worst kind. His conscience and his manhood re volted at the injustice and oppression which were attempted and perpetrated. A man of ability and education he struck hard blows and had the satisfaction of seeing the edifice which he assailed completely overthrown and superseded by a democratic form of government. His personal character gave point and weight to his direct charges and fiery invective. Had he been a shiftless drunkard, a shameless liar, an inveterate and habitual slanderer aiming to elevate himself by picking holes in the coats of better men, or by inflaming the envy and discontent of the baser sort, no one would have paid much attention to his utter ances. But, sans peur et sans reproche it was felt that such a champion would not enter the arena except for grave cause. The conscience and common sense of the people were with him and when he was im prisoned or cast in damages they paid his fines. He was a fighter by nature, but I never heard that he pleaded the ethics of war as an excuse for perfidious or dishon orable conduct. Were he alive now his soul would probably be as deeply stirred by the tyrannies of combinations, and conspiracies as it was by the freaks of the military des pots to whom Australian affairs were then subject. That he had no sympathy with the sordid, short-sighted selfishness of modern mob orators may be gathered from the fact that he was a strong advocate and a prime mover in establishing a judicious sys tem of state-aided immigration. Peace be to his ashes and may public men arise as single-hearted and as competent to deal with the crying evils of our own times, as he was with those of a former generation. He did yeoman service in saving us from the tyr anny of the few. We are likely soon to need someone to save us from the tyranny of the many. One hundred and fifty individuals sore in body and sorer in mind, read yesterday of the arrival of the R.M.S. Victoria and of her being admitted promptly to pratique and al lowed to steam triumphantly up ''our beau tiful harbour" and land their passengers without molestation. The hundred and fifty had been passengers by the same stea mer but had come overland from Melbourne. Victoria is supposed to be thoroughly pro tected against small-pox by compulsory vaccination, but so frightened were the au thorities of the invasion of this unfortunate hundred and fifty that they insisted on cow poxing (I prefer the honest Saxon term) everyone of them. As the victims view their State-inflicted scabs and sores and question with themselves whether they have also gained a dose of cancer or syphilis or something else equally undesirable as an accidental result of the operation it is very cold comfort for them to be told that the whole scare had its origin in a false alarm. An unfortunate pantryman had been suffering from chicken-pox. Melbourne medical skill was unequal to the task of diagnozing the complaint, but thought it could not harm by compelling a few hundred free citizens to incur the very real and humiliating risk and indignity of being compulsorily cowpoxed in order to evade a danger which has no existence ex cept in their own heated imaginations. However, medical bumbledom is well-nigh supreme in Victoria, and the docility of the people is such that they submit with meak ness to even greater outrages. Very just is their reward— which they reap in the shape of a death rate considerably higher than that of communities which enjoy more medical freedom. We have all heard of the scientist, who set himself the task of getting his horse to live upon nothing, and how, just when suc cess was within his grasp and he had "amply demonstrated" the feasibility of the brilli ant idea by reducing his diet to a grain a day, the animal inconsiderately put an end to further researches by giving up the ghost. The story is not to die out. With slight variations it has been reproduced in a yarn which comes by way of Berlin, to the effect that the success (save the mark) of Dr. Koch's consumption cure has been proved by post mortem on one of his patients who died when he was nearly cured. Surely a grimmer satire was never penned than that which was unconsciously perpetrated by the cable correspondent. It was always amusing to hear what the augurs say of one another. Their lay critics are sometimes unduly incredulous or exces sively hostile. Let us hear therefore what the French high priest of the new cult of bacteriology has to say on his German col laborateur. Here then is Mr Pasteur's judgment of Dr. Koch as reported by the Paris correspondent of the Times:— "Up to this moment there has not been a single au thenticated cure not even of lupus. Dr. Bergmann himself has seen a patient suffer ing from lupus, return to his hospital 15 days after having been discharged as cured, a severe relapse having occurred even in that brief interval. Moreover there is no real certainty as to the consequences of the treat ment. The medicament is of unheard of virulence, and the reactions which it brings on are terrible. No venom from a snake, if administered in such small doses could cause such results." We have therefore a toxic of such indomitable energy that it may introduce into the organism dis orders, the consequences of which, no one can surmise, and which have yet to be studied. You may have seen a report in the medical papers of yesterday, that albuminuria and hematuria have been found in a patient who had been treated for tuberculosis to very small doses of this lymph. In fact, it is the kidneys that are particularly affected by it. It would certain ly be unjust to hold Dr. Koch accountable for altogether unexpected results like this; but what can be said of the German Govern ment for adopting the methods of quacks, for preserving the secrets of the remedy and for making a commercial thing out of it under the most miserable pretext. To make "commercial thing" out of an alleged rem edy which cannot be shown to have cured, but which on the contrary is exceedingly likely kill, can only be described in plain English as a fraud, and that of the cruellest kind. The thoughtlessness which allowed the press all over the world to excite base less hopes in consumptive patients on such flimsy evidence, is doubtless, by this time thoroughly regretted. The substance, how ever, of M. Pasteur's deliberate judgement appeared in these columns as soon as the al leged "wonder" began to be announced. Common sense often arrives by intuition at conclusions which science verifies un willingly and after long delay. So it comes to pass that vox populi is sometmes also vox dei. That every disease is accompanied by its own bacteria appears reasonable. That these bacteria are the cause of the disease appears as little likely as that the animalculæ in a pond are the cause of the stagnation. To ascertain the habits of animalculæ is the work of the microscopist; to remove stagnated impuritity is the func tion of the engineer. As well might a man expect to become a musician by prolonged investigation of the pipes of an organ as to become a physician by experimenting with the animalculæ, which accompany morbid states and conditions. 