THE BOUT OF THE WHITE HUSSAHS. Bt UUDYAB.D KIPLING. (FEOSI ' PLAUJT TALES FEOK THE HILLS.') Some people hold that an English cavalry regiment cannot run. This is a mistake. I have seen f oui hundred and thirty-seven sabres flying over the face of the country in abject terror — have eeen the best regiment that ever drew bridle wiped oft' the Army List for the space of two hours. If you repeat this tale tr the White Hussars thev will in all probability treat you severelv. They are not proud of the incid M 'You may know the White Hussars by their ' side,' which is greater than all the cavalry on the roster. If this 13 not a sufficient mark, you may know them by their old brandy. It has been sixty years in the mess and is worth going far to taste. Ask for the ' M'Gaire' old brandy, and sec tha.t you get it. If the mess sergeant thinks that you are uneducated, and that the genuine article will be lost on you, he will treat you accordingly. He is a good man. But when you are at mess, you must never talk to your hosts about forced marches or long-distance rides. The mess are very sensi tive ; and if they think you are laughing at them, will tell you s'o. As the White Hussars say, it was the colonel's fault. He was anew man, and he ought never to have taken the command. He said that the regiment was not smart enoueh. This to the White Hnssars, who knew that they could walk round any Horse and through any guns, and over any Foot on the face of the earth ! That insult was the first cause of offence. Then the colonel caBt the drum-horse — the drum-horse of the White Hassars ! Perhaps you do not see what an unspeakable crime he had committed. I will try to make it clear. The soul of the regiment lives in the drum horse who carries the silver kettle-drums. He is nearly always a big piebald Waler. That is a point of honour ; and a regiment will spend anything you please on a piebald. He is beyond tile ordinary laws of casting. TTis work is very light, and he only manoeuvres at a footpace. Wherefore, so long as he can step out and look handsome, his wellbeing is assured. He knows more about the regiment than the adjutant, and could not make a mistake if he tried. The drum-horse of the White Hussars was only eighteen years old, and perfectly equal to bis duties. He had at least six years more ?work in him, and carried himself with all the pomp and dignity of a drum-major of the Guards. The regiment had paid l,~-00rs. for him. Bat the colonel said that he must go, and he was cast in due form and replaced by a washy, bay beast, as ugly as a mule, with a ewe- neck, rat-tail, and cow-hocks. The drummer detested that animal, and the best of the band-horses put back their ears and showed the whites of their eyes at the very sight of him. They knew him for an upstart and no gentleman. I fancy that the colonel's ideas of smartness ex tended to the band, and that he wanted to make it take part in the regular parade move ments. A cavalry band is a sacred thing. It only turns out for commanding officers' parades, and the bandmaster is one degree more im portant than the colonel. He is a high priest, and the ' Keel Bow' is . his holy song. The ' Keel Row' is the cavalry trot ; and the man who has never heard that tune rising, high and shrill, above the rattle of the regi ment going past the saluting-base, has some thing yet to hear and understand. When the colonel cast the drum ?horse of the White Hussars, there was nearly a mutiny. The officers were angry, the regiment were furious, and the bandsmen swore — like troopers. The Drum-Horse was going to be put up to auction — public auction — to be bought perhaps by Parses and put into a cart ! It was worse than exposing the inner life of the regiment to the whole world, or selling the mess plate to a Jew— a black Jew. The colonel was a mean man and a bully. He knew what the regiment thought about his action ; and when the troopers offered to buy the drum-horse, he said that their offer was mutinous and forbidden by the regula tions. But one of the subalterns— Hogan-Yale, an Irishman— bought the drum-horse for 160rs. at the sale ; and the colonel was wroth. Yale professed repentance — he was unnaturally sub missive — and said that, as he had only made the purchase to save the horse from possible ill-treatment and starvation, he would now shoot him and end the business. This appeared to soothe the colonel, for he wanted the drum horce disposed of. He felt that he had made a mistake, and could not of course acknowledge it. Meantime, the presence of the drum-horse was an annoyance to him. Yale took to himself a glass of old brandy, three cheroots, and his friend Martyn ; and they all left the mess together. Yale and Martyn conferred for two hours in Yale's quarters ; but only the ' bull-terrier who keeps watch over Yale's boot-trees knows what they said. A horse, hooded and sheeted to his ears, left Yale's stables, and was taken, very un willingly, into the Civil Lines. Yale's groom went with him. Two men broke into the regimental theatre aud took several paint pots andeome large scenery brashes. Then night fell over the Cantonments, and there was a noise as of a horse kicking his loose-box to pieces in Yale's stables. Yale had a big, old, white Waler trap- horse. The next day was a Thursday, and the men, hearing that Yale was going to shoot the drum horse in the evening, determined te give the beast a regular regimental funeral — a finer one than they would have given the colonel had he died just then. They got a bullock-cart and some sacking, and mounds and mounds of roses, and the body, under sacking, was carried ' out to the place where the anthrax cases were cremated ; two-thirds of the regiment follow ing. There was no band, but they all sang ' The Place where the old Horse Died,' as something respectful and appropriate to the occasion. When the corpse was damped into the grave and tfee men began throwing down armfuls of roses to cover it, the farrier sergeant ripped out an oath, and said aloud, ' Way, it ain't the drum-horse any more than it's me !' The troop sergeant-majors asked him whether he had left his head in the can teen. The farrier-sergeant said that he knew the drum-horse's feet as well as he knew his own ; bat he was silenced when ae saw the regimental number burnt in on the poor stiff up- turned near-fore. Thus was the drum-horse of the White Hussars buried ; the farrier-sergeant grum bling. The sacking that covered the corpse was smeared in places with black paint ; and the farrier-sergeant drew attention to this fact. Bat the troop sergeant-major of B. Troop kicked him severely on the shin, and told him hat he was undoubtedly drunk. On the Monday following the burial, the colonel sought revenge on the White Hussars. TTnfortunately, being at that time temporarily in command of the station, he ordered a brigade field-day. He said that he wished to make the regiment ' sweat for their d ? d insolence,' and he carried out his notion thoroughly. Teat Monday was one of the hardest days in the memory of the White Hussars. They were thrown against a skeleton-enemy, and pushed forward, and withdrawn, and dismounted, and ' scientifically handled' in every possible fashion over dusty country, till they sweated profusely. Their only amusement came late in the day when they fell upon the battery of Horse Artillery and chased it for two miles. This was a personal question, and most of the troopers had money on the event ; the gunners saying openly that thev had the legs of the White Hussars. They were wrong. A march past concluded the campaign, and when the regiment got back to their lines, the men were coated with Art*, from snar tochin-stK-3. The White Hussars have one great and p«5uliar privilege. TheyownitatFontenoy, x think. Many regiments possess special rights such as wearing collars with undress uniform, or a bow of ribbon between the shoulders, or red and white roses in their helmets on certain days of the year. _ Some rights are connected with regi mental saints, and some with regimental suc cesses. All are valued highly ; but none so highly as the right of the White Hussars to have the band playing when their horseB are being watered in the lines. Only one tune is played, and that tone never * varies. I don't know its real name, bat the White Hussars call it, '. Take me to London Again.' It sounds very pretty. The regiment would sooner be struck off the roster than forego their distimc tioiu After the ' dismiss' was sounded, the offi cers rode off home to prepare for stables; and the men filed into the lines riding easy. That is to say, they opened their tight buttons, shifted their helmets, and began to joke or to swear as the humour took them : the more careful sli» ping off and easing girths and curbs. A good trooper values his mount exactly as much as he values himself , and believes, or should believe, that the two together are irresistible where women or men, girls or guns, ar concerned. Then the orderly-officer gave the oruer, ' Water horses,' and the regiment loafed off to the squadron-troughs which were in rear of the stables and between these and the barracks. There were four hugh troughs, one for each squadron, arranged en echelon, so thatthe whol? regiment conld water in ten minutes if it liked But it lingered for seventeen, as a rule, while the band played. The band struck up as the squadrons filed off to the troughs, and the men slipped their feet out of the stirrups and chaffed each other. The sun was jnst setting in a big, hotbed of red cloud, and the road to the civil lines seemed to run straight into the sun's eye. There was a little dot on the road. It grew and grew till it showed as a horse, with a sort 01 gridiron thing on his back. The red cloud glared through the bars of the gridiron. Some of the troopers shaded their eyes with their ha ads and said, ' What the mischief ?as that there 'orse got on 'im ?' In another minute they heard a neigh that every soul — horse and man — in the regiment knew, and saw, heading straight towards the band, the dead drum-horse of the White Hussars ! On his withers banged and bumped the kettle-drums draped in crape, and on liiB^bact , very stiff and soldierly, sat a bareheaded skeleton. ? . - . The band stopped playing, and, for a moment, there was a hush. Then some one in E Troop ~- men said it was the troop-8ergoant-major — swung his horse round and yelled. No one can account exactly for what happened afterwards; but it seems that, at least, one maa in each troop set an es ample of panic,, and the rest followed like sheep. The horses that had barely put their muzzles into the troughs reared and capered ; but as 6oon as the band broke, which it did when the ghost of the drum-horse was about a furlong distant, all hooves followed suit, and the clatter of the stampede — quite different from the orderly throb and roar of a movement on parade, or the rough horse-play of watering in camp— made them only more terrified. They felt that the men on their backs were afraid of something. When horses once know that, all is over except the butchery. Troop after troop turned from the troughs and ran — anywhere and every where — like sprit quicksilver. It was a most extraordinary spec tacle, for men and horses were in all stages of easiness, and the carbine-buckets flopping against their sides urged their horses on. Men were shouting and cursing, and trying to pull clear of the band which was being chased by the drum-horse whose rider had fallen forward and seemed to be spurring for a wager. The colonel had gone over to the mess for a drink. Most of the officers were with him, and the subaltern of the day was preparing to go down to the lines, and receive the watering re ports of the troop-sergeant-majors. When ' Take me to London Again' stopped, after twenty bars, every one in the mess said, 'What on earth has happened?' A minute later, they heard unmilitary noises, and saw, far across the plain, the White Hussars scat tered, and broken, and flying. The colonel was speechless with rage, for he thought that the regiment had risen against him or was unanimously drunk. The band, a disorganised mob, tore past, and at its heels laboured the drum-horse — the dead and buried dram-horse — with the jolting, clattering, skeleton. Hogan-Yale whispered softly to Martyn—' No wire wul stand that treatment,' and the band, which had - doubled like a hare, came back again. But the rest of the regiment ?was gone, was rioting all over the province, for the dusk had shut in and each man was howl ing to his neighbour that the dram-horse was on his flank. Troop-horses are .far too tenderly treated as a rule. They can, on emergencies, do a great deal, even with seventeen stone on their backs. As the troopers found out. How long this panic lasted I cannot say. I believe that when the moon rose the men saw they had nothing to fear, and, by twos and threes and half -troops, crept back ioto canton ments very .much ashamed of themselves. Meantime, the drum- horse, disgusted at his treatment by old friends, pulled up, wheeled round, and trotted up to the mess verandah steps for bread. No one liked to run ; but no one cared to go forward till the colonel made a movement and laid hold of the skeleton's foot. The band had halted some distance away, and now came back slowly. The colonel called it, individually and collectively, every evil name that occurred to him at the time ; for he had set his hand on the bosom of the dram-horse and found flesh and blood. Then he beat the kettle-drums with bis clenched fist, and dis covered that they were but made of silvered paper and bamboo. Next, still swearing, he tried to drag the skeleton out of the saddle, but found that it had been wired into the cantle. The sight of the colonel, with his arms round the skeleton's pelvis and his knee in the old drum-horse's stomach, was striking, not to say amusing. He worried the thing off in a minute or two, and threw it down on the ground, say ing to the band—' Here, you curs, that's what you're afraid of.' The skeleton did not lock pretty in the twilight. The band-sergeant seemed to recognise it, for he began to chuckle and choke. ' Shall I take it away, sir ?' said the band-sergeant. 'Yes,' said the colonel, ' take it to hell, and ride there yourselves !' The band-sergeant saluted, hoisted the skeleton across his saddle-bow, and led off to the stables. Then the colonel began to make inquiries for the rest of the regiment, and the language he used was wonderful. He would disband the regiment — he would court-martial every soul in it — he would not command such a set of rabble, and so on, and so on. As the men dropped in, his language grew wilder, until at last it exceeded the utmost limits of free speech allowed even to a colonel of horse. Martyn took Hogan-Yale aside and sug gested compulsory retirement from the sirvica as a necessity when all was discovered. Martyn was the weaker maa of the two. Hogan-Yale put up his eyebrows and remarked, firstly, that he wastiie son of a lord, and, secondly, that he was as innocent as the babe unborn of the theatrical resurrection 01 the dram-horse. ' My instructions,' said Yale, with a singu larly sweet smile, ' were that the drum-horse should be sent back as impressively as possible. I ask you, am I responsible if a mule-headed friend sends him back in such a manner as to disturb the peace of mind of a regiment of Her Majesty'scavalry ?' Martyn said, ' You are a great man, and will in time become a general ; but I'd give my chance of a troop to be safe out of this affair.' Providence saved Martyn and Hogan-Yale. The second in command led the colonel away to the little curtained alcove wherein the subal terns of the White Hussars were accustomed to play poker of nights ; and there, after many oaths on the colonel's part, they talked to gether in low tones. I fancy that the second in command must have represented the scare as the work of some trooper whom it would be hopeless to detect; and I know that he dwelt upon the sin and the shame of malting a public laughing-stock of the scare. 'They will call us,' said the second in command, who had really a fine imagination — 'they will call us the ''Fly-by-Nights;' they will call us the * Ghost Hunters;' they witL nickname us from one end of the army list to the other. All the explanation in the world won't make outsiders understand that the offi cers were away when .the panic began. For the honour of the regiment and for vour own sake keep this thing quiet.' The colonel was so exhausted with anger that soothing him down was not so difficult as might be imagined. - He- was nude to see, gently and by degrees, that it was- obviously impossible to court-martial the whole regiment and equally impossible to proceed against any subaltern who, in his belief, had any concern in the hoax. 'But the beast's alive ! HVs never been shot at all !' shouted the colonel. ' It's flat flagrant disobedience ! I've known a man broke for less — damn sight less. They're mock ing me, I tell yon, Mutman ! They're mock ing me !* Onee more, the second in command sat him self to soothe th« colonel, and wrestled with him for half an hour. At the end of that time, the xegimental sergeant-major reported him* self; The situation was rather novel to him ; but he was not a man to be put out fey circum stances. He saluted and said, ' Kegunent all come baek, sir.** Then to propitiate the 