WATSON'S BAY REGATTA AND SPORTS. An aquatic carnival was held yesterday at Wat- son's Bay, and proved an unqualified success A lengthy programme had been arranged by the committee, and everything g passed off without a hat h The aquatic portion consisted of but- hills and pulling races, tub race, gig and dingy (li BO, unit greasy pole, while on shore several of trucks were run, and jumping matches, potato rate, de, combined In an entire BlaHllo manner the number of holiday-makers visiting the day was very large The proceeds rings were enlivened by music performed by the City Band stationed on the town in front of Mr Stratigos hotel. Mr i 1. Strange officiated IIB starter, while Mr J I rural acted as umpire in the aquatic evening Mr LOA Cork judged the various races, and also discharged chairman of secretary in connection with the affair Messrs Stars ground Cork must he consisting rated on their efforts towards the success of the carnival UKI most important events of the day were the sailing race for all boats at of the rowing race for but her boats In the butcher boat race four crews started, the course being from the flagship round the Vaucluse buoy, thence round the lightship, and back to the Dug- ship From the start to the lightship three of the four boats kent neck and neck the boat 1 lay fair, which hold the same position next to the lightship, unfortunately run too low and fouled thoviHsol the second boat then came on top of the Flat fair striking her on the quarter, and before the two boats could get one in the minor Paddy obtained H load which she maintained to the finish The course for the race for all open and half-decked boats was from the flagship round Shark Island thence again round "the flagship and round Manly buoy and back to the flagship, passing the light on the port hand when coming home There were 14 starters, and after a very good race Our Lord came home first, and Wild Wave, Ghost, clothes, and Pomona followed in the order named:! The detailed results of the events were I as follows - Skiff Race for youths under 21 years, pulling two pairs of sculls- James White and I' Iluinnlirki, I , I, Jack and W 1 boards, 2 Three b rats started, and got away well to- get here. The winners obtained a lead shortly after the start and maintained their position throughout, although hard pressed by Jack and Edwards but I IT Race for lambs 11 years and under, pulling two pairs of sculls -J Robin and W Edney, t, it Jack and Walter Now on, 2 This was a very fast pace, Queen and I du j dr ming ahead towards the IIIIIBII and winning easily A little boat signed but give them shortly after by Iff Race, for amateurs resident In to Watson's Bay, pulling piles cuts -f JilcL,l,W Edwards. 2 Three boats started line kick proved rather too good for his opponents and Mun emily Hugo for line Fide Fishing Hosts under working sails - Itero 29ft He Ourselves), I, Admiral, 24ft (U Newton), 2, this race was sailed from the flagship round Shark Island, thence round flagship, round Manly buoy and back to flagship, passing the late Light on the port band coming home Hlx boats started!, all getting away very smartly The stalls allowed were as follows Hero and Our Jem, H minutes, Kath, li minutes, little Hill and What a That to Du Ultu 9 am, . minutes, while Admiral was on scratch race far residents of Watson's Bay, in butcher boats, I pulling three pairs of sculls Poor Paddy (T. Farrell, son , O'Farrell. Joan. and O LOT), I, Playfair (F T Newton, I If. Mewton, and Q. Mtwtva}, of four tests started, art far away together Playing soon took the lead, with WhoM Hare I bought It and Poor Paddy close behind This lead was maintained round the buoy and kept right up to the lightship The Arrow had dropped out of the race, but the other two boats were pulling (tamely However, in round- ing the lightship a foul occurred as mentioned above, and completely altered the complexion of the race Oils and Dingy Race, clings to he caught within 20 minutes I Newton, RIP, O Moran ding) After every mining contest Nilton managed to catch Morton before the allotted time skirt Kkuu for rcctdmtsof Wamou's flax pulling a pair of sculls -U I Edwards, 1, George ] ore, 2 This was I very hollow affair, Ed wards a Inning comfortably, P. Uumphtks also started He This Race was each won by R Newton The Greasy Pole and Potato once concluded the day! a proceedings and provoked a great amount of fun 