FICTION. Front English, Amerlcnu'^nnd.Other Periodical1!. THE ñVEWGER. CHAPTER VI. A CONTINUATION OF THE REMINISCENCES OF JOHN WATSON, M.D. Our prisoner's furious resistance did not ap- parently indicate any ferocity in his disposition towards ourselveB, for, on finding himself powerless, he smiled in au affable manner, and expressed his hope that he had not hurt any of us in the scuffle. " I guess you are going to take me to the police station," he remarked to Sherlock Holmes. "My cab's at the door. If you'll loose my legs I'll walk down to it. I'm not so light to lift as I used to be." Gregson and Lestrade exchanged glances as if they thought this proposition rather a bold one ; but Holmes at once took the prisoner at his word, and loosened the towel which he had bound round his ankles. He rose and stretched his legs, as though to a3ssure himself that tbev were free once more. I remember that I thought to myself, as I eyed him, that I had seldom seen a more power- fully built man ; and his dark sunburned face bore an expression of determination and energy which was as formidable as his personal strength. " If there's a vacant place for the chief of police, I reckon you are the man for it," he said, gazing with undisguised admiration at my fellow-lodger. "The way you kept on my trail was a caution. " Tou had better come with me," said Holmes to the two detectives. " I can drive you," said Lestrade. " Good ! and Gregson can come inside with me Tou too, Doctor, you have taken an interest in the case, and may as well stick to us." I assented gladly, and we all descended together. Our prisoiier made no attempt at escape, but stepped calmly into the cab which had been his, and we followed him. Lestrade mounted the box, whipped up the horses, and brought us in a very short time to our destination. We were ushered into a small chamber where a police inspector noted down our prisoner's name and the names of the men w(ith whose murder he had been charged. The official was a white-faced unemotional man, who went through his duties in a dull mechanical way. " The prisoner will be put before the magistrates in the course of the week," he said ; " in the mean- time, Mr. Jefferson Hope, have you anything that you wish to say ? I must warn you that your words will be taken down, and may be used against you." " I've got a good deal to say," our prisoner said slowly. "I want to tell you gentlemen all about it." " Hadn't you better reserve that for your trial.'' asked the inspector. " I may never be tried," he answered. " Yon needn't look startled. It isn't suicide I'm thinking of. Are you a doctor ?" He turned his fierce dark eyes upon me as he asked this last question. "Tes, lara," I answered. "Then put your hand here," he said, with a smile, motioning with his manacled hands towards his chest. I did so ; and became at once conscious of an ex- traordinary throbbing and commotion which was going on inside. The walls of his cheBt seemed to thrill and quiver as a frail building would do inside when some powerful engine was at work. In the silence of the room I could hear a dull humming and buzzing noise which proceeded from the same source. " Why," I cried, " you have an aortic aneurism !" "That's what they call it," he said, placidly. " I went to a doctor last week about it. and be told me that it is bound to burst before many days passed. It has been getting worse for years. I got it from over-exposure and under-feeding among the Salt kake Mountains. I've done my work now, and I don't care how soon I go, but I should like to leave some account of the business behind me. I don't want to be remembered as a common cut- throat." The inspector and the two detectives had a hur- ried discussion as to the advisability of allowing him to tell his stoiy. " Do you consider, doctor, that there is immediate danger ?" the former asked. r " Most certainly there is," I answered. " In that case it is clearly our duty, in the in- terests of justice, to take his statement," said the inspector. "You are at liberty, sir, to give your account, which I again warn you will be taken I | down." I "I'll Bit down with your leave," the prisoner said, suiting the action to the word. " This aneurism of mine makes me easily tired, and the tussle we had half an hour ago has not mended matters. I'm on the brink of the grave, and I am not likely to lie to you. Every word I say is the absolute truth, and how you use it is a matter of no consequence to me." With these words, Jefferson Hope leaned back in his chair, and began the following remarkable statement. He spoke in a calm and methodical manner, as though the events of which he nar- rated were commonplace enough. I can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoined account, for I have had access to Lestrade's notebook, in which the prisoner's words were taken down exactly as they were uttered. "It don't much matter to you why I hated these men," .he said ; " it's enough that they were guilty of the death of two human beings-a father and a daughter-and that they had, therefore, forfeited their own lives. After the lapse of time that has passed since their crime, it was impossible for me te secure a conviction against them in any court. I knew of their guilt though, and I,/letermined that I should be judge, jury, and executioner all rolled into one. Tou'd have done the same, if you have any manhood in'you, if you had been in my place. " That girl that I spoke of was to have married me twenty years ago. She was forced into marry- ing that same Drebber, and broke her heart over it. I took the marriage ring from her dead finger, and I vowed that his dying eyes should rest upon that very ring, and that his last thoughts should be of the crime for which he has been punished. I have carried it about with me, and have followed him aud his accomplice over two continents until I caught them. They thought to tire me out, but they could not do it. If I die to-morrow, as is likely enough. 1 die knowing that my work in this world is done, and well done. They have perished» and by my hand. There is nothing left for me to hope for, or to desire. " They were rich and I was poor, bo that it was no easy matter for me to follow them. When I gob to London my pocket was about empty, and I found that I must turn my hand to something for my living. Driving and riding are as natural to nie as walking, so I applied at a cabowner's office, and and soon got employment. I was to bring a certain Bum a week to the owner, and whatever was over that I might keep myself. There was seldom much over, but I managed to scrape along somehow. The hardest job waa to learn my way about, for I reckon that of all the mazes that were ever contrived, this city is the most confusing. I had a map beside me though, and when once I had spotted the principal hotels and stations I got on pretty well. " It was some time before I found out where my two gentlemen were living; but I inquired and inquired until at last I dropped across them. They were at a boarding-house at Camberwell, over on the other side of the river. When once I found them out I knew that I had them at my mercy. I had grown my beard, and there was no chance of their recognising me. I would dog them and follow thom until I saw my opportunity. I was deter- mined that they should not escape me again. " They were very near doing it for all that. Go where they would about London, I was always at their heels. Sometimes I followed them on my cab, and sometimes on foot, but the former was the best, for then they could not get away from me. It was only early in the morning or late at night, that I could earn anything, so that I began to get be- hindhand with my employer. I did not mind that, as long as I could lay my hand upon the men I wanted. " They were very cunning, though. They must have thought that there was some chance of there being followed, for tbey would never go out alona, andnover after nightfall. During two weeks I drove behind them every day, and never once saw them separated. Drebber himself was drunk half the time, Stangerson was not to be caught napping. I watched them late and early, but never saw the ghost of a chance ; but I was not discouraged, for something told me that the hour had almost come. My only fear was that this thing in my chest might burst a little too soon and leave my work undone. "Atlast, one evening I was driving up and down Torquay Terrace, as the street was called in which they boarded, when I saw a cab drive up to their door. Presently some luggage was brought out, and after a time Drebber and Stangerson followed it, and drove off. I whipped up my horse and kept within sight of them, feeling ill at ease, for I feared that they were going to shift their quarters. At Euston Station they got out, and I left a boy to hold my horse, and followed them on to the platform. I heard them ask for the Liverpool train, and the guard answer that one had just gone and there would not oe another for eome hours. Stangerson seemed to be put out at that, but Drebber was rather pleased than otherwise. I got so close to them in the bustle that I could hear every word that passed be- tween them. Drebber said that he had a little business of his own to do, and that if the other would wait for him he would soon rejoin him. His companion remonstrated with him and reminded him that they had resolved to stick together. Drebber answered that the matter waa a delicate one, and that he rauBt go alone. I could not catch what Stangerson said, but the other burst out I swearing, and reminded him that he was nothing mere than his paid servant, and that he must not prpsume to dictate to him. On that the sec- retary gave it up as a bad job, and simply bargained with him that if he missed the last train he should rejoin him at HalRday's Private Hotel, to which Drebber answered that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and made his way out of the station. " The moment for which I had waited so long had at last come. I had my enemies within my power. Together they could protect each other, but singly they were at my mercy. I did not act, however, with undue precipitation. My planB were already formed.« There is no satisfaction in venge- ance unless the offender has time to realise who it. is that strikes him, and why retribution has come upon him. I had my plans arranged by which I should have the opportunity of making the man who had wronged me understand that his old sin had found him out. It chanced that some days before a gentleman who had been engaged in look- ing over some houses in the Brixton Road had dropped the key of one of them in my carriage. It was claimed that same evening, and returned ¡ but in the interval I had taken a moulding of it, and bad a duplicate constructed. By means of this I had access to at least one spot in this great city where I could rely upon being free from interrup- tion. How to get Drebber to that house was the difficult problem which I had now to solve. " He walked down the road and went into one or two liquor shops, staying for nearly half-an-bourin the last of them. When he came out he staggered in the walk, and was evidently pretty well on. There was a hacsoin just in front of me, and he hailed it. I followed it so close that the nose of my horse was within a yard of his driver the whole way. We rattled across Waterloo Bridge and through miles of streets, until, to my astonishment, we found ourselves back in the Terrace in which he had boarded. I could not imagine what hid in- tention was in returning there, but I went on and pulled up my cab a hundred yards or so from the house. He entered ii, and his Hansom drove away. Give me a glass of water, if you please. My mouth get's dry with the talking." 1 handed him the glass, and he drank it down. " That's batter," he said. " Well, I waited for a quarter of an hour, or more, when suddenly there came a noise like people struggling inside the house. Next moment the door was flung open and two meu appeared, one of whom was Drebber, and the other was a young chap whom I had never seen before. This fellow had Drebber by the collar, and when they came to the head of the steps he gave him a shove and a kick whish sent him half acrosB the road. ' Tou hound,' he cried, shaking his stick at him, ' I'll teach you to insult an honest girl !' He wasvso hot that I think he would hare thrashed Drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur stag- gered away down the road as fast as his legs would carry him. He ran as far as the earner, and then, seeing my cab, he hailed me and jumped in. ' Drive me bo Halliday's Private Hotel,' said he. " When I had him fairly inside ray cab my heurt | jumpad se with joy that I feared lest.at this moment my aneurism might go wrong. I drove along slowly, weighing in my own mind what it might be best to do. I might take him right out into the country, and there in some deserted lane have my last interview with him. I had almost decided upon this, when he solved the problem for me. The craze for drink had seized him again, and he ordered me to pull up outside a gin palace. He went in, leaving word that I should wait for him. There he remained until closing time, and when he carne out he was so far gone that I knew the game was in my own hands. " Don't imagine that I intended to kill him in cold blood. It would only have been rigid justice if I had done so, but I could not bring myself to do it. I had long determined that he should have a show for his life if he choose to take advantage of it. Among the many billets which I have filled in America during my wandering life, I was once janitor and sweeper out of a laboratory at York College. One day the professor was lecturing on poisons, and he showed his students some alkaloid, as he called it which he had extracted from some South American arrow poison, and which was bo powerful that the least grain meant instant death. I spotted the bottle in which this preparation was kept, and when they were all gone, I helped myself to a little of it. I was a fairly good dispenser, so I worked this alkaloid into small soluble pills, and each pill I put in a box with a similar pill made without the poison. I determined at the time that when I had my chance, my gentlemen should each have a draw out of one of these boxes, while I ate the pill that remained. It would be quito as deadly, and a good deal less noisy than firing across a handkerchief. From that day I had always my pill box about with me, and the time had now come when I was to use them. (To be continued,) 