Bailey on Pav&es.; A STINGING- SPEECH In 3May, 1S72, Sir Henry Parkes, then. plain Mr. Parkes, took office for the first time as Premier and Colonial Secretary. On 3iis seeking re-election for East Syd ney the late 'W. B. Dalley delivered tke fol lowing speech : Gentlemen, — In response to an invita tion ?which. I have just received from a number of influential electors in East Sydney, some of them old and dear friends of ray own for very many years, I have done myself the honor of attending this great meeting- convened for the purpose of supporting a candidate for this electorate in opposition to the Chief Secretary of the present Government, whose acceptance of the office which, lie now holds you have 'been invited to ratify by returning him r.gain to Parliament. I have come here this evening with a single object, and it is this : to denounce the candidature of the Premier of the country, and to declare his occupation of his. office a disgrace and a national humiliation. I for one ekall be no party by a criminal silence or a cowardly acquiescence in the existing state of things either to the dishonor of our institutions, or to the disgrace of our public character. I shall tell you nothing new ; but I shall recall to your recollec tion, and to that of the country, events ?which, ought not to be forgotten, and offences which deserve and ought to ob tain no pardon. I shall as far as my voice has any -weight raise it in solemn protest againat the occupation of the first offi.ee in the country by one who, on a memorable occasion, was the chief slanderer of its character — and whose slanders, had they been believed in England -would have covered us all -with inefEacable infamy. It may suit the convenience, help the ambi tion, and promote the fortune of many who looked upon him a few months ago as an unsvorthy citizen to regard him now as an indispensable statesman. I had nothing to grain by denouncing him when I . felt con vinced that he was engaged in a great conspiracy against the peace and freedom of a larye section of the people of this country (now I learn with astonishment and indignation, his most affectionate and euthusiastic supporters; and I have nothing now to serve but truth, in re peating before you what I have, in speech and writing, on many occasions charged him with. And my charge is this : That he, on April 21, 18G8, on August 24 of the same year, being, on both occasions the occupant of the office which he holds to night — the Colonial Secretary of this country — made certain public statements concerning the attempted assassination of his Eoyal Highness the Duke of Edin burgh, which were proved to be entire, absolute, and unqualified falsehoods. That on October 10 of the same year — he then having retired from office — publicly at Kiama (a place to which he at all events has given an immortal renown, and invested with an interest half ludicrous, half pathetie, whieh the -authors of laughter -and lying will not willingly let die), repeated cicumstantially and deliberately these statements : 1st. That the intention to murder his Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh was known to the Government previous to the arrival of his Eoyal High ness in this country. 2nd. That in conse- j quence of such knowledge extraordinary precautions were taken by the Government for the protection of the prince. 3rd. That the crime of O'Farrell, who attempted to murder the Duke of Edinburgh, was the i-esult of a conspiracy or organisation ex isting in this country. And 4th. That one who was in the guilty secret of this con spiracy, and. whose fidelity was suspected by his fellow conspirators, had been foully murdered before the Prince's life was attempted. These were the statements which, at the time, alarmed and convulsed the country ; which. Bent a thrill of horror through our whole political and social system j which split up into sections a community that had existed in peace and friendship and harmony so long. These -were the statements upon which sprung into existence everywhere all kinds of associations for the creation and encour agement of bitter sectarian, and national animosities, for the importation into this new and free country of the shameful and effete organisations of ' an old world, which had won by blood less than we had obtained by the generosity of the Imperial Parliament. In a word, to theEe statements we owe our present condition, about as melancholy a one' as we could come to look back upon — seeing that Mr. Parkes is Prime Minister of this country. Let me call your attention to the state of the colony at the time of his B.oyal Highness's first visit. Could any people in any part of the ?world have given a nobler — a more affecting reception to the greatest of rulers than this poor colony offered- to a young znan of whom we knew nothing beyond the,fact that he was the son of our beloved sovereign ? From the instant of his landing to the moment in which he was struck down he was . almost the Bingle object upon -which, the eyes of the pecple converged with affec tionate interest j and hardly a person in. the country credited that the us happy creature who attemped the Prince's- assassi nation had a confident, confederate, or a sympathiser in the colony. But from the moment that these astounding statements were made, rumors arosej suspicions were* excited, the very air of our social life was poisonous with alarms and apprehensions j bloody conspirators were suspected in the persons of the most inoffensive citizens, and organisations, dangerous to life, directed against loyalty, and menacing the Constitution, were looked for everywhere. This was **ur condition. There was, for tunately for ue, in this country one-man brave and bold and persistent enough to seize upon this slanderer and drag Mm be fore the public opinion of the country ; to compel him to show what was the know ledge possessed by the Government pre-: vious to the arrival of his Eoyal Highness of an intention to murder Mm 5 what names did those gallant men bear, and where did they live who, to the number of 500, were to guard his life ; and who were the gallant and reckless officers who were to ride tit a line with hit body f 'W'tat proof had he of a conspiracy of murder, and in what churchyard rested the mutilated remains of the damnable conspirator who is universally known as the ' Kiama Ghost?' Mr.-Willi.aio. Macleay was the man who undertook this -work, as he alleged ' for . the vindication of the character of this country, and to place beyond all shadow of doubt the loyalty of its people.' You know the histosy of Ms labors ; and you know that although every single word he uttered in his report could be proved beyond the possibility of a doubt, from the evi dence appended to it, that in the excite ment and injustice of that unhappy time, truth -was sacrificed to base political resentment 5 and Mr. Parkes was then, as he Very likely will be on 'Wednesday next, triumphant. For I may tell you that your opposition is a. forlorn hope. And I shall presently tell you why I think so. But let us first deal with his statements. Were they stupendous and complete false hoods, or was there an element of truth in any of them ? Let me bring before you some of ' the witnesses who, in the most solemn and impressive manner declared them to be the basest of falsehoods. Call into court the Vice-president of the Executive Council, the Hon. Saul Samuel, ?who recorded his vote in favor of Mr. Macleay's resolution specifically denying the truth of Mr. Parkes's charges. Summon the Secretary for Public Works, the Hon. John Sutherland, who adopte^ .a smilar course. Call the chairman of Mr. Parkes's meeting, last Saturday night, Mr, Richard Driver (an honest, able, and sterling son of the poil, whose many virtues and kind, qualities no one in. this country knows more intimately than I do), who trod the same path, and who denounced Mr. Parkes as an enemy of the tranquility of the country. And now it is said, and I believe well known, that my fellow- citizens and co-religionists, the Roman. Catholics of this electorate and throughout the country, are to give their utmost support to the existing administra tion. I can say, without the slightest egotism, and indeed without the faintest apprehension of being suspected of it by any who knows me and knows my life, that I have, during the past five years, done them -worthier service than any one, or any number of persons, connected with them. When others stood aloof from them ; when they were suspected, and scoffed at, and insulted, I, who owed them nothing, for they were never political sup porters of mine, stood by them, for their cause then was that of the oppressed. And I now warn them that this dishonest and scandalous alliance will prove of no bene fit to them, while it will not fail to be prejudicial to the religious liberty of the country. Mr. Parkes will succeed 5 and those Irish Eoman Catholics, who, yester day regarded him with unspeakable hor ror, will on Wednesday lift him to power. But their days of remorse will come again. There is one other ground upon which I come here to protest against the ratification on the part of tMs con stituency of Mr. Parkes's acceptance of office. It is also a public ground. It is of a nature so public that the leading journal of this country made it the subject of a leading article, in consequence of which, as he alleged, Mr. Parkes retired fora time from the.. Legislative Assembly. It is a circumstance by which be is as much known to the country as he is by. his statesmanship or his spiritualism — I mean his pecuniary relationship to the people of this country. There is one thing in wMch the supremacy of his ability will be uni versally admitted. He has a gigantic genius for indebtedness. But is not his genius disproportionately large for the country? If he live long enough, he will rule over a nation, not of admirers and friends, but of — creditors ! Is it safe to have a man of such fatal pecuniary fasci nations in a post so eminent, with powers so large, adding to his natural talents for the procurement of other people's money the irresistible attractions of place and distinction ? You have all read his last schedule 1 Was ever anything like it in the literature of public credulity ? From lordly Bquatter and humble mechanic — from servant and master — from bankers and poor annuitants — from Government officers — members of the Legislative As sembly — from those enjoying, and those expecting, place and preferment — were contributions to tMs marvellous list fur nished. The thing reads like Leporello's catalogue of the amours of his wicked master ; or like a parody on the character of that immortal Churchill who would take, with the same grace arid the Bame ingratitude, a million f rancB from. Ms Im perial Majesty of France and twopence halfpenny from a British drummer-boy. All of us (at least all of us whose names were not in it) laughed at that schedule. But what -will they say of us in England if they find out anything about it ? There they have had for some time an old-world, antiquated, offensively- respectable preju dice against this sort of thing. There they believe in great men paying what they owe. They do not reverence the people who prate morality on public questions and borrow money— which, they can never repay, I never wish to say an unkind word of any living creature ; but there are characters so repulsive as to. make silence on the part of honest men a crime, and combinations too infamous to make toleration anything but treason against truth. Such a character, and such, a com bination are now before you. Support one and ratify the other, and you cover yourself with humiliation, end dishonor the constitution. 