A LIFE AT STAKE. By MIRS. HANRIET LEWIS, S T;c I,':,sc of Sccrets," " Vivian .:::. ' 7: Irliross of E'rTmonot," T : fa:st Heir," dc., 'c. CtiAPTEII XIV.-(Coor?Orne.) "ie:?. wll,"' rejoined Therwell, with a Iz'i;si:iceor in his tone; "I'll write out t s:zr ? at for you. You can send your 1:0ri::i. some evening, for it won't do for L.:a is =e:n too much at the Dare Arms, r e!.r ?e to be seen here until after the aw3f:io. If there should be any mishap, ,:s;w, it would be as well to prove that e .ove seen nothing of each other, and con ,s:e; cannot have been engaged in a Ir:n' we'll make out the acrecment to :. l'e got a dark lantern here under e-c::, and paper, pen, and ink in my 1:i:hincreasing impatience Therwell obh ?i: to this proposition, declaring that the _oh: hi.t b: Eeen foem the mansion. Th.n we' 1 go to the bottom of the ;cdr," said the innkeeper, doggedly ,if.-e' a seumcerhouse there as.tight as a ":-, wi:h curtains to the windows and o::c the door. I've been there often, in ehd: =y whesn I was valet to Sir Allyn's athr:." Almer a minute's delay Therrell ncceded t ::.e rcquest; the two men quitted the :_'-r. and ee; out for the summer-hoeuse. I:-. AWry mut:ered when the sound of ".r fc:o:epe had died away: • TI:'ll get what they deserve some day, -.I w came you here?" whispered Ilde, c" zinr her position, which had become •I c3.s looking from my window and saw :herwell on the lawn in front, acting as if twera waiting for comeone, mise, and, hking he might not mean any good, I -td;-d downteairs and followed him into the ;son. Toey had been talking half an hour what you came. Did yon see them too, SS, aund bt for your warning I ehould bh waslked directly into their presence," i:l i;?e. 'It was a strange providence t: y.:a ohould have saved me from such "I ary yet save you from a greater grief i s:t. ia eis "Uresponded thewoman, s'ifEcntly. "l our kindnese to me, a poor e ;?;:er, will yet return in bleseings upon O: an head. I cannot tell you more now -? arve ror time; but I prophesy that you ci.i eer marry Therwell." I coEer will if I can help it." But I can and will prevent it, Ieiss lore." de:lared Mrs. Amry, energetically. h ?io wave of my hand I could dispel \- cl tie that now envelope your pathway, i:I c1no sure that I could restore your k:'r eace of mind." I r:c!d not be happy if papa were miser ab:e. e. ii I1de, plaintively. 'I -:.oaid have said that with onewave of re land I could prevent this marriage," a ?-?di the woman. "I think I could \- Tacorell release your father, too; but S?a:r roofs of eught against him I must o': E-. One week more-wait with :- a1 potience for a single week, Mice •'cu have then eeen Therwell before, ti.. _ury ?" questioned the baronet's b im l" cried the woman, in a voice -,-s.e een y, through which ran a =,. i. urdcrtlce. "But for him, Miss i'?.I l:Io!d have been the proudest and = wo - .: man in the world to-night. He u :a descry sErpent who crossed my path cy cni blist and destroy my peace of S. I1 ed that I would have revenge. 1r ers I have sought him, and sought in :? I came here discouraged, worn-out, i? cl:. You gave me food and shelter, ti hroe I stumbled upon him by accident. I? o: had i'nt me away," and her voice was t='i irpreivetness, "I should not have L:oi him, and you would have been doomed 5o s li:ter, bitter, bitter life with him I" !?e drew nearer to the woman, looking at re with a face full of passionate eagerness, t gight be seen in the subdued starlight. It -esi to tee girl as if her prayers had been toered. She had desired toVmeet with sr .. to whom the past life of Therwell i: u ?i kaown, and a cry of joy areaos to hr lip; as she felt that she had found f.ot c,e in the woman she had fed and "Y'e knaw Therwell, then! " she said. "'Doyno know of anything in his life which o ar7:01 shrink from exposing? Has he ir it:--n any of the laws of the country? i1x car. C re. nAmry, that I may have 4:E.rnooe witli which to defend myself m'i^Rihae mhe "-Lae all to me, Miss Dare," said the w:m:n, arising, and standing erect. "I r?rtit tell you now what you ask, but rest Oiiared that you shall never be his Wife. I vi, ddlano Sou." Sie sooke with such force of manner that floe felt compelled to have faith in her. Thw aoman looked at her thoughtfully, tit"?idg her a'tire, and the rippling waves their: that eurrounded her throat, looking i lo.ike a light and dusky mase, and I beg your pardon, Miess Dare, hbut the '.riavery late. You are dressed for riding. oriiyy0ou are not so wild as to think of ?on.o~oig yourbhome I" ro,, iondedl i" rceponded Ilde. Then, b snb irreoitible imp;tle to confide in ;0iogalar aman, who had promised to r-ce he from thet impending marriage, s he tle f CEhiep , "I am going, nh cluy hnt-'s roncent, and well attended, to search tor the written compact of which Therwell evoke l" :-"io are? g g tn-his place alled Oak' shaw l" Ilde assented. The woman reflected a moment, and then said: SYou are ight,: Miei Dare. The paper must be found and destroyed. With that out of the way, your father may be eaved If I know what was in that paper, I might be able- -- Still, if the document be what I suspect, it ought not to I e in existence. Go, Miss Dare, and may Heaven prosper you. errand. Go, before those men return this way." There were inany questions which Ilde longed to ask, but Mrs. Amry'a last words decided her to depart upon her errand at once, Resolving to gain the confidence of this woman on her return, she pressed her hand, said a few words of thanks, and turned to go. "Stop I" said Mrs. Amry, as the girls stood in the arched opening of the dell. 'Miss Dare,Therwell once possessed a small square mahogacy box in which he kept his private papers. It was a valuable one, inlaid with a gold wreath on the top, and bhe prized it very highly. It had a false bottom, which opened by pressing one of the gold leaves in the front. If that box be at Oakshaw, it has this paper concealed in it. I have heard him say that it was the meet secure place that could be devised for the concealment of anJthing of value. Look for it." W\Vith this parting injunction sbe again begged the maidens to hasten their departure before the return 3f Therwell. They obeyed her, hurrying away under the shadow of the shrubs and bhashes to the appointed rendezvous. .It wee a brief walk, made eventful by rcveral alarms, Miss Aradale fancying that Therwell was following them, or that she heard the two men's footsteps; but lido en couraged and reassured her, and they at length reached theirdestination in safety. A: the door of the stable-yard, a neatly paved court, they found Jarmin, the groom in whom Ilde had confided, and who was to accompany them. Lie was an honest-faced, gray-haired man whose duty it had always been, since her earliest childhood, to attend upon his young mistress in her riding excursions. As llde had said, he was devoted ot her; but even Ilde did not know with what slave-like fidelity the old groom clang to the house and name of Dare, or with what worshipping reverence he regarded the lovely young heires of its fame and fortunes. He came forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said: "If you please, Miss lide, I thought I seaw a couple of men-servants most like prowling around in the gardens a little while ago, and, as the journey was to be secret, I mate bold to take the horseb round to the park, knowing that you always have the key. to the park gates." " You have done well, Jarmin," said his young mistress. "We have been delayed a little, but quick riding will make op for lost time. We will start st once." The greom obeyed, and set out with rapid step toward the spot where the horses were in waiting, the two young ladies, hand in hand, following him. It was but a few etepa to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a few minutes brought them to the waiting stecds. The horses were completely capari soned for the journey, and Ilde mounted her favorite, a fleet, graceful Arabian. Miss Aradale was assisted upon the back of a thoroughbred animal which she always roe, and the groom vaulted upon the back of a swift-footed horse, which was the special favorite of Sir Allyn. "We will ride through the park, pass the the lake, and go out by the lawer park gate," said .lde, in a low tone, "Ride quietly until we reach the road, else we may be heard r" The groom fell back behind the two young ladies, and the horses proceeded at a quiet pace upon the route designated. Meanwhile, the woman whose assurance had done so much to lighten the heartof Ild stood for a few moments in the little flower decked nook, gazing in the direction the young ladies had taken. "I don't know but I did wrong to advise her to go," she mused. "Perhaps, after all, this journey is unnecessary. Therwell will give up the paper if I were to demand it as the price of foregoing my revenge. Still, to make all sure, abe had better get it. She said she would be well attended. Doubtless, she takes half a dozen servants with her. She is safe enough, whoever may be in the house." Despite this eelf-assurannce, the woman's manner was uneasy. She half started in pursuit of Misse Dare, and then, chiding her self for her folly, shrank back again into the shade of the little nook. She was standing there, thoughtful and abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim face, her fingers working nervously together, when footsteps were heard upon the gravelled walk, lowand cautious tones were distinguishable, and she was made aware of the return cf the cona federates. Therwell's voice sounded as bland and :mooth as ever; Hoadley's was full of sup. presed exultation. As the voice of the former penetrated her hearing, she became at once alert and vigi. lant. The abstracted look gave place to an eager expression, and she leaned forward listening intently. But she could gather nothing from their words, except that Therwell had written and signed the document demanded by the inn. keeper. Their business was evidently con. eluded, and there were no allusions made to the baronet's daughter or to the approaching marriage. They passed the laburnum bower, walking slowly and almoes silently; she stole out from her concealment and crept after them, taking care that her footsteps should not be heard, and that her movements should be screened by the bushes. In this way they passed around the mansion, and entered into the deeper shade of the lawn. More fearless now, Mrs. Amry crept nearer. The confederates, to her great disappoint ment, merely reiterated their mutual promises, and then separated, the satisfied innkeeper depurting for Edenville, and Thaerwelllighting a cigar, and walking sloaly up and down the wide avenue. Mrs. Amry looked at him from behind a clamp of shrubbery, with gleaming eyes and a face fullol passionate hatred. A life-time of bitterness and anguish compressed itself into a singleburning look that might have scorched even his guilty eoui, and she lifted her arm as if invoking vengeance upon him. Perhaps some mysterious instinct warned him of the presence of an enemy; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul; or perhape some subtle chord that had once bound him to that woman in some way, but which had booeen broken, began to re-assert its influence, so that he felt that she was necar. Whatever the cauese, it was cer tain that he stopped abruptly, looked around himn unessiiy, and then his gaze settled upon the woman, who was plainly visible to him. - She presented a strange, weird picture nas she stood there, the clwer half of her person in the shade of the bueshes, her face leaning out toward him, with the starlight resting full upon it. exaggerating its wild, passionate expression, its pallid whitenres, its menacing look, and giving even a spectral appearance to her uplifted arm. He staggered back appalled. the cigar drop ping from his lips, and his limbs trembling beneath Iis weight. As she marked the effect of her appearance upon lhim; a mocking emile flitted over the woman's etes lips. SI-- 1 thought she was dead I' muttered Tiserwell, unconsrionesly, his smoothness and .lndnees of manner gone, and a cold pere piration breahiong out upon his large, round fIace. " Alive I alive ! and hereto ruin me I Alive, and eager lor revenge 1" CEs groaned involuntarily, but esunained himself by leaning against a tree.. The shook of seeing her had been so sudden and on. prepared for, that he felt his presence of mind desert him, his courage fade away, and for a moment he was almost para. lysed. But only for a moment. The woman gave utterance to a mocking. kind of laugh, that sent tile blood tingling through his veins, and which seemed to set his heart and brain on lire, and nerved him to action. With a quick and sudden bound, like that of a beast of prey, he sprang toward her, gained her covert, and found that she was gone. She had vanished as utterly and com?. pletely as if she had becomo invisible. Wondering, and alarmed, hehurriedin and out of the trees, and traversed the lawn, searching everywhere, but in vain, for this mysterious appearance. There was a vein of superstition in his nature that made itself perceptible at that moment; with limbs trembling, heart beat. ing furiously, he hurried toward themaneion, wiping the clammy dew from his face as he muttered: "The old superstitions are not at fanlt. Why does she appear to mo 7 Let her come as often as she likes," he added, recklessly, ' o long as she does not come in the flesh. Sam less afraid of her ghost than of herliving body." Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on the night air. With a etited shriek ,Therwell rushed into the house, bolted the door, and crept up to his room in si!ence and in terror. And then the strange woman arose from the midst of the clump of bushes, where she had fallen prostrate and remained unseen; she then returned to the house, and her own room: murmuring: "He has had a foretaste of misery to.nighlt. There yet remains a brimming cup which he mnet drain drop by drop. Yes, Ilde Dare, you shall be freed, and I shall be avenged I" - CHAPTER XXV. A STARnTLED FACrE i TIIE DonGWAT. "Thinteat thou there dwells no courage but in breasts That set their mail against the ringing spears, When helmets are sahue down ? Thou little knowest 01 nature's marvlse."--Mrs. IItmans. As the little party of adventurers rode quietly onwaid through the hush and silence of the night, with the breezes whispering solemnay from the bonding trees of the foreeatlike park, the stars eshining tranquilly down through the overarching foliage, Ilde felt assured that the right would yettriumph aver the wrong, and that her exertions on her father's behalf would be blessed by Him who notes even the faintest emotions of the human heart. With her courage quickening into new life, the blood coursing more evenly in her veins, a strange tranquility creeping over her mind, she rode on, her bright eyes up. lifted, as if drinking in atrength from the loveliness of the night, and her soul absorbed in eelf-commnniono; Her friend, Kate Aradalo, made no at tempt to intrude upon Ildu's silence. With her hand upon the rein, and her eyes fixed steadily upon the path they were pursuing, she relinquished all care and thought to lide, content to follow her guidance. in this manner they neared Eden Lake, where Sir Allyn's daughter had twice encountered Lord Tressillian, and where she had learned from him the sweet old story ef love. The tender influences liqgering about the spot made themselves felt by Ilde even now, and she drooped her gaze and looked lovingly upon the scene, while her checks burned hotly, and she turned her head away slightly, as it fearing that her friend might read her face by the starlight. Eden Lake had never looked lovelier in the full glow of sunshine than it did now when bathed in tithe liquid silvery glowof the faint nighs-light, its bosom refleoting the fringing trees and the myriad stars, and its gay little boat house. Kate Arsdale surveyed it with renewed appreciation, then uttered a frightened exclamation. "What is it, dear?" questioned Ilde, aroused from her pleasant trance. _ "I am sure I see a man yonder lying on the bank," was the agitated response. "Look, lide; he raises his head and looks atus. Whocan he be? Whatean he be doing in Eden Park at thishour?" Ilde glanced in the direction indicated, and beheld the figure of a man stretched in a careless attitude upon the ground on the spot whers she had first seen Lord TrEssillias. He had raised his head, and was supporting it upon his hand, while he quietly surveyed the little party of night riders. Miss Dare, in a flutter of anxiety, cheeked her horse at once. Her friend did the same, and they waited until the old groom, who was but a few paces . behind, came up, and then they engaged in a brief consultsa lion. "It is important that this adventure should remain unknown," declared Ilde, ineasily. "But at the very outset we are threatened with discovery. He may have already recognised us. What can we do, Jarmin t" "Let me go on ahead, Miss Dare," replied the groom, sturdily. " In my opinion the man's a poacher, and he won't mention this meeting for his own sake. It be ain't a poacher, I'll give him a blow and stun him like, and I wouldn't give a farthing for his memory after that." lie essayed to pass his young mistress, but she detained him. She had been watehing the Indolent intruder, who, at the very mo ment of Jarmin's threatening, appeared to start violently, and who had now epruneg up lightly, and was advancing towards the little party at a swift and easy gait. Kate Aredale uttered a faint scream. But Ilde, with blushes saearcely to be seen in the starlight, recognised the objict of her recent terror at ones as the Viscount Tree sillian. Her instinect, even more than ker eyesight, assured her of his identity, and a delicious sense of embarrassment crept over her, and she pulled at her reins, uncertain whether to beat a hasty retreat or to meet him. A conviction, however, that he had already recognieed her, decided her to pursue the latter course. A word to Jarmin caused him to fall buck, but he stationed himself close behind her, in a threatening attitude, ready to ltEp from his horse at the slightest indication that a defender was needed. Lard Tressillian came up, advanced to Ilde's side,and, with an expression of ae tonishment, exclaimed: "Is it you, then, Mise Dare? Ithought at first that I must be experieueiug an optical illuelon. I was not certain but thaet my imagination had conojured up the welcome .pparition but the sightt of Miss Aredsle and your attendeantconvincedmeto the contrary. This is a strange hour for a ride." "It is, indeed," returned Ilde,endeavoring to avoid the keen, clear glance of her lover. " It is a strange hour, also, for a stroll in a neighbor's park, is it not ?' " You can imagine why I am hero, Ilde.," whispered the young viscount, lesning his hand upon her boree's neck and drawinog nearer to bher. "The scene hlllowed by our first meeting is the dearest spos in the wc-rld to me. 'This is not the first time I have haunted this place, living over again our meetings, and endeavcring to derive Ihope and comfort for the future from )your re membered words. My heart wans heavy to night, and I fancied i might lighten it of its burden hiere, and plan out a luturein which I should be more than a match for Thewtr'll. lit you, Ilde," and his voice tremblerd with hopefulness, did you come here so drea'n of me? Of eourse not," he added, his tone sinking to one of disappointment, " or you would not come attended; 'elU me where yon are going ?" .. Ilde hesitated, and then said; eonfusedly: " I cannot tell you, Gay." "Not tell me 1" he repeated, in surprise. Then, with a look of gentle authority that well bame r his dark, bright face, and with a I tender persuasiveness of manner, he added: "But you must tell me, my darling! Do you thiok I can lot you wander about at midnight, with no protector but your groom?" "You must trust my judgment and eanso, Gay," returned themaiden, meeting his gaze frankly. "I am going, with my father's approval, to search for something, the pos. session of which ie necessary to his happi ness and his life. I cannot now tell you more. But do not detain us longer. Evtry moment spent here is a 'ost opportunity. Some day you shall know all." "In your own good time, dear Ilde," responded her lover, with a look of love and faith. "I shall not seek to intrude into your confidence; nor will 1 delay you any longer. I will walk beside you to the lower gate, outside which I left my horse tied to the fence." He relinquished his hold upon Ildo'e horse, exchanged greetings with Mies Aredale, appologising for his previous inattention to her, spoke kindly to the old groom, who had recognised him with a look of delight, and who now retreated, musing upon the iopes be had once, with all the Dare retainers, entertained, that the families of the Dares and Treosilliane might be united through the youngest scions of the respective houses, The young girls and the e;ecount kept up a desultory conversation as they proceeded through the perk, discussing the loveliness of the night, and various other subjects far removed fom the thoughts agitating enoh breast. On reaching the gate, Ilda gave the key to Lord Treesillian, who uno!:ked it, and aoter the whole party had passed through looked it again, putting the key into his own pocket. His horse was standing where he had left him, tied beneath the shade of a spreading tree, and impatiently tramlling the earth. The young nobleman went up to him, soothed him by a word and a touch, untied him, leaped upon his back, and then rode back to tide. "Mite Dare," he said, as she extended her gauntleted hand in token of farewell, "I beg you will permit me to become your eseors. You must be running many dangers in undertaking an adventure like this. Yon do not know whom you may meet on the way or encounter at your journey's end. There can be no possible impropriety in my becoming the fourth of your party any more than if I were your brother. Shall I not go, Ilde ?" The maiden hesitated, especially as Kate Arsdale looked at her beseechingly, and Jar rain was heard to utter his approval of the request. "If you refuse me,"continued the viscount quietly, "I shall be compelled to follow your steps ata little distance, and alone. I could not sleep if I were to go home, aware of your exposure to danger, and I shall either go with you or follow you. Which shall it be t" TIde still remained undecided, when, glancing up the road in the direction of Edencourt, she beheld Hoadloy, the inn. keeper, advancing rapidly, as if desirous of making himself acquainted with the members ol the little group. Her decision was made at once. " Go with us, Lord Treesillian," she rcad, quickly. "And now we must hurry on our way. Come l" She set the example by giving the rein to her fleet Arabian, and her companions followed suit. In a few moments the baffled innkeeper had become lost to view. The little party, avoiding the village of Edenville, took a road that skirted it, and were soon fairly on their way to Oak. shaw. For some time silence prevailed. The maidens felt a sense of additional security in the presence of Lord Treesillian, and Kato Aredale resumed her revorio with increased eatisfaotion, while Ilde thought long and earnestly upon the affairs at present claiming her attention. The young nob!eman had no wish to break the charmed eltence. It was rapture to him to ride beside Ilde, to look upon her gloriouc beauty unoeerved and unretuuked, to watch the play of expression upon her features, and to note the resolute curve of her red, sweet mouth. Ho forgot, in his present enjoyment, the dilliculties of his own pecuni ary affairs-forgot'everything except that he loved the daughter of Sir Allyn Dare, and his resolution never to relinquish her to an other. They rode swiftly along over country roads, bordered by hedges, through green country lanes, shadowed by drooping willows, over rustic stone bridges, and once or twice through small hamlets, from the windows of which nighteapped heads looked out in wild amazement upon the fleet sight riders, and then retreated, pale with alarm. They avoided the towns and viliages upon their route, keeping to the retired roads whenever practicable. The groom knew the road to Oakshaw. well, but Lard Tressillian proved a still better guide, for he was acquainted with all the by-lanes and paths across the desolate commons, by travereing which, several miles of the journey were saved. Ilde had good reason to congratulate hereelf that she had accepted his esort. They passed lonely country houses, wrapped in gloom, dwelliogs in which a single light burning dimly, told them of a sick-bedand a pale watcher; mansions bril. liantly lighted, and giving forth sounds of music, mirth and revelry; and at last a beautiful cottage.crnee, its windows all lighted, appearing from between a very bower of foliage. lde loooked at the house with intense in terest. "That is the house where the late Admiral Wilmer lived," raid Lord Tressillian, mark. ing her change of expression. " It has been closed for yearscebut was opened the other day for the reception of MiKns Wilmer, who has recovered from hber long insanity, as I heard to-day as Edenville from a native of West Hoxton. There seems to be some mystery about Miss Wilmer, and there is a report of a secret marriage in order to save her property from falling anto the hands of a relative, but the name of her husband is un known." " I must call upon her very soon," said Ilde. "Tae felow miles between her home and Edetcourt need not be a barrier to social and friendly intercourse. Paps used to extchange visite with Admiral Wilmcr. In dted, we are really neighlbors, Mis? Wilmer and I, and I hope we shall be friends. She sighed faintly as she remembered why shae desired the friendship of Miss Wilmcr-her principal reason being to dis. cover the whereabouts of Shaweroes, the third witness againet her father. Bu ashlo had at heart a longing also to comlort the maiden whoselife had been shadowed by sup. posed insanity, and to minister with loving care to that mind from which possibly, the gloom had not entirely departed. She kept her eycs fired upon Monrcpos, as if loth to withdraw them, and even turned her head and regarded it long after ebohe bad pusoed it. But when its lights became hididen Sfrom her vigor by interwniug tree, soo I thought of her journey's end and devoted her thouighte to devising her coureo when she ehould have arrived at Osbhshaw. Teve travellers skirted West Hoxton, and coutinued their journey, but no longer in eompito silerce. iEncouraged by the un spoken eyr?ipathy of hter lover, Ilde told him oFmoething of the oljcot of her journey, anod Srcques?ted his resis~tance in searching fnr the iuiportant paper. S:;e tohl hirn also of the c;nverection she hald overheard in Elrlncourt go:d ns bIetween Thcrwell and lHoadiley, proving that an actuoal conspiracy existed aglainust Sir Allyn, aud confidtd to him the a3araecr?e of the mysterious seametrew ucon. cra?isg lie mzahogany. box in which the paper-pea:i'ly might be concealed. "I should like tolk=.c' who Mirr .mry is," she said, thoughtlully when she .rd son cluded her reeif:a' "Thero is a mystery about her which I cannot fathom. She has known Thsaerell, it is evident, but where and when and under what eircoumtanecel And for why does she desire revenge ?" "Perhaps she is his wife whom he has de eerted," suggestEd Lord Treeaillian. " It cannot be, for she is older than he is -much older. Ler hair is grey and her face is wrinkled. I am sure she cannot be his wife. Besides he is too cautious to think otLciarrying again with one wife in exia tance. "Then:sehe may be his mother ?" "Impossible," said Ilde. "'They do not look in the least alike. Besides, no mother would have pursuerd her son for years with thoughts of revenge. I have canvassed al. ready the two possibilities you have euggested, Gay, and Iam convinced that both are more than improbable. No, there is some deeper.myetery in her hatred than any thing we can unodertand and surmise. It remains only to wait and sec. Perhaps time will solve it." She patted her horse gently, and he sprang away at her behest, arching his neck, and bearing his lovely rider with proud grace. Kate Aredele and Lord Tresillian kept at hereide, but thechief conversation had been broken and was not renewed. The long ebdrapid rideat lengthdrewnear itselose. Thoe walls of the grim and grey old mansion, flankecd by two ivy-clad round towers, arenos before them, and Lord Tresillian declared this mansion to be that of O.ukehaw. "I know it well,"he said, as Ilde slackened her pace. "It wase once the residence of a friend of my father, and I have explored nearly every nook and corner within its hboundaries. I hope we ehall not flud many servants in perosesion." Ilde and Kate echoed the hope, and the former scannod the eastern horizon with anxious eyes. It was not quite three hours since they had quitted Edencourt. and there was as yet no sign of 'hie morning's dawn. " We have a couple of hours before us, G ay," she said. "During that time we can certainly accomplieh our object. Don't you think so?' To Lord Tressillian, who, did not thoroughly comprehend its necessity, the ex pedition Ihad somnethiog of a quixotio air, but lhe concealed hin own convictions, reply ing that if they failed it should not be be. caused they deserved failure. The mansion had now become plainly .visible, and the entire party regarded ii anxiously. It wases grim and gray on a nearer view as when seen from a distance, and there were eigosof deoay about the double portico, and the whitewashed walls and tottering chimneys. On three sides was a plain, open lawn ; on the fourth an overgrown sad ill=kept shrubbery. The dwelling stood at no great distance from the road, and the travellers observed piles of brick and mortar. littering the ground, as if repaire wets in course of execution. Lord Tre?sillian derived an idea from the Iatltr fact at once. VWith a keen atsace up and down the road, he ordered a halt in the shade of the shrub. bre ennd said: "Toere is a broken placeno in the palings shutting in these trees, and JArmin had better lask the horses in there and keep guard over them. They can rest there, and hobe ready for our non ehould we require them auddenly. While he is thus occupied, we will seek on entrance into the house. Per haps the workmen who have undertaken the repairs may have left some available spot of ingrees." The girls acceded to this plan at once, and alighted from their tired steeds, gathering up the shkirts of their habits. The viscount conducted the groom to the broken palings, and himself selected a little dell, surrounded by tall young -trees, an a hiding.place for the horses and their guardian. "You willbo senure hero, Jarmin;' he said, 'from obeervation of passers-by as well as from that of the inmates, of the dwelling. \Wait for us here." The man promised obedience, and Lord Tressillian returned to the expectant girls. They were pacing up and down in the ehade, rejoicing over the deep shadow that had succeeded the brilliant starlight, and de. slaring their belief that it would be easy to reach the house unseen. Lord Tressillian confirmed their words as he came up, and proposed that they should make the attempt at once. ie led the way, opening the little lawn gate noicelcasly, and the maidens followed him, their hearts throbbing with excite ment. There were a few small trees here and there, and Lord Treseillian flitted from one to another of these, the two girls imitating hismovements,and allgradually nearing the house. Keeping a vigilant watch upon the various winotowe, moving with the utmost oaution, forbearing even to speak to each other, they at length gained the shade of the portico. " o far so good," said the young noble. man, calmly, wiping hie humid brows. "Sit down, young ladies, while I go upon an exploring tour. 1 shall expect to find you hers when I return." Without waiting for a reply, he glided away in the direction of the mansion, and the two girls seat down upon a broad stop, and eongratolated each other in whisperes that their journey had been so soon and well per, formed. "I am sure we shall be sncocesful, dear Ilde," said Kate, pressing the hand of her friend. " It we get the pper youn want, and I you can find that Shawoross and bribe him to act rightly,how happy we shall be I You will turn Therwell out of doors, reward Mrs. Amry, and give agrand ball, and marry Lord Treseilliau, and I shall be bridesmaid, and you will be presented at court, and Sir Allyn will recover his health and spirits-" She paused, as Ildo raised her pale, ex cited face that seemed to shine without the gloom. "Huseh, denar I" said theb baronet's daughter. "I must not think of the future now. It would unnerve me to contrast to your picture of paper the terriblereality if I slehould fail. At this juucture Tressillian crept back to them, his dark Ioface :glowing, his manner eager, and his breathing hard. " I hlave found a place by which we can enter," he exclaimed. "ProvidLceiei surely befriending us." He extended a hand to each, and eonduoted them over heaps of masonry, around the corner of the house, and paused beforer a door-way filled up by a rude, temporary door. He had evidently already tried the strength of tile litter and found out its available points of wearkness, for, aftter a few judicious blows, it yielded to him, and would have fallen in with a cerash had he slot caught it. He areisted thlie young hIdied to enter, and thei rep'?c?d the door. Ili next movement wans to light the dark lantern delivered into his hands by the old groom. and ts survey the ene round him. The ,uaidens also looked curiously around these. " This part of the houise is evidently unin. habited," whisspred Lord Treseillien,as lthey fini:h:ad their fruitless inveistigatin. "We I mu·t cxpole She corridor yonder, opposite i to that bh w:ioh weF entered." Thry h?ote:ed to carry out this suggestion. The paasage aslluded proved to be lined with doorr, whiche on b.in' opened revealed room souit:atl for hlbittiou, and bearing m;anis c oecupasncy. " If ycs wvill remain ihere a few minutes, youn:g l"-de'," rCaid Lard Treesillian, as they looked itot a c'mslortably lfurniehed little breakfaTstroeIm,'" I will motake a furtherex. poration, and try to learn how many ser vants are employed.hera, and where Ther-, well's rooms aresituated. If you would not be afraid-" A glance at Ilde's brave and earnest coun. tenance checked him and he glided away, lantern in hand, leaving the maidens in dark nose. "I-I believe I am afraid, Ilde," whispered Kate, clinging to herfliend. "I wish Lord Treesillian would stay with us. What it some one should find nos here 1" Ilde strove to reassure herfriend, but more by a silent pressure of the hand than by words. The deep gloom of the room, the oppressive solitude of the place, the possi bility of discovery, all were not without their effect upon the baronet'a daughter; but she was sustained by the reflection that she was incurring danger for her father's sake, and that she was trying to earn her own freedom, from bonds more hateful than death. Ten, fifteen minutes passed, and then light footsteps were heard in the corridor, and the faint gleams of a light were perceptible. Kate clung closer to Ilde, who smiled upon her, assuring her that the viscount was re turning. The next moment Lord Tressillian entered. " I have been all over the inhabited part of the house," he said but have not had time to examine any roomthoroughly. I have die. covered that only two servants are employed here, and one of them is a man. They occupy rooms where they cannot fail tohear the least noise, if they are easily aroused, so we must be very cautious. I have also die. covered Therwell's rooms. It is there we shall find the paper if it be in the house. The servants' rooms are very near his, as if he ex. pected them to act as guard over his private possessions." "That seems to indicate that he has some. thing valuable," said Ilde, hopefully, as he led the way to Therwell's rooms. They passed up a broad staircase, into an upper corridor, and thence into a suite of rooms, the windows of which looked out upon one of the towere. These rooms were well furnished, hung with pictures, and carpeted with soft, thick fabrics that dead ened theintruder's footfalls. A quantity of eastern pipes on the table, a china tobacco jar beside them, a pair of embroidered slippers near the window, and a large dressing gown of the gayest colors npon the back of a chair, proved that the first room of the suite was the private apartment of Therwell himself. The second room was a dressing.room, and the third was a bed-chamber. In one of the three, probably, was hidden the written evidence by means of which Ther well could crush her father and destroy her happiness. Thus thinking, Ilde engaged at once in the search. The curtains were drawn across the windows, the wax-candles upon the mantel piece lighted, and the three set to work to explore the chambers thoroughly. Lord Tressillian devoted himself to the closets and heavy pieces of furniture; Kate Aredale examined the backs of pictures carefully; and Ilie looked into every vase, probed the chair oneshicns and ottomans, and searched par ticularly for the peculiar box which Mrs. Amryhad described. It soon became evident that the box was not in the parlor, and Lord Tressillian rc. marked that it was improbable that Thore well should have carried the box with him for years throughout his various journeys; and that, in his opinion, the document was hidden in some article cf furniture. Half an hour's earnest investigation con vinced them that the paper could not be in the first room, and they proceeded to the second. Mere a desk attlaeted attention, and Ilds examined it, while Kate busied bervelf with the formnture, and Lord Treesillian paesed into the bedroom. The desk was large and fitted up with innumerable divisions in each of which were packets of papers, letters, etc. Ildo looked over them with a wild hope of finding the document thrust carelessly into an envelope or tied in one of the packets, but her hope was in vain. She then locked for letters from her father, which might possibly tend to criminate him, but none were there. She searched every nook, sounded the walls of the desk, but all in vain. Aeshe was about to desist and turn her at. tention elsewhere, a packet of letters fell from some hidden nook, and she took them up eagerly, believing that among them was hidden the written compact. They proved, however, to be simply letters, written in a woman's hand. " Prchups '5.r have something to do with Mfrs Amry," mused Ilde, holding them in her hand. " I have a conviction that they somehow have reference to me." She untied the packet and perused the letters. They were all brief and signed simply " . G." They were the farthest possible re. move from love letters, being couched in buosiness terms, and always to the effect that "it" was quite safe, and that the writer de aired more money. One of the letters wees signed " Your sister, H. G.," and nearly all vwete addressed to " My dear brother." "I did not know Therwell had a sister," said Ilde, half aloud. "So I have made one discovery, even if unimportant. What can she mean by' itl' Not the paper, of course -yet why not? If we do not find it here 1 shball believe that he has placed it in the care of his sister." She replaced the letters as she had found them, and arose wearily from the desk. Kate was busy with a chest of drawers, end Lord Tressillian was still in the bed-chamber, engaged in noiseless explorations. With a glance at her friend, Ilde went to the window anl looked out; The east was bathed in a cold, gray light, forerunner of the coming day. There were two or three beams of red at the very edge of the horizon, heralding the approach of the sun. The barnyard fowls were crowing their delight at the termination of night, and the birds were making melody among the trees. " It is morning, and I have not yet sue eaeded, said Ilde, almost despairingly, as she quitted the window. "Come here, dear," exclaimed Kate, who was standing before an antique piece of fur. niture in the parlor. "I have explored everything but this ecabinet. Do you think it can be hero?" She pulled open one of the doors with a little dilioulty, and had hardly done so when the cabinet fell to the floor with a crash. Alarmed at the noise, Lord Tressillian hurriel in from the bed-chamber. " I did not mean to do it," said Katc, looking from Ilde to the viscount, depre catingly. '" It is not my fault; the cabinet is so very old. " No, it is not your fault, Kate," said Lord Treesillian, stopping to examine the cabinet. "It had but three legs to stand upon, and when you opened the door you pulled it off its balance. I hope no one heard the noise." "The servants are probably in their morn. ing slumbers, when they are least likely to wake," said Ilde. " Is there anything in the cabinet, Gay ?" "Nothing but dust," was the reply. "The cabinet must have belonged to the former owners of Oakshbaw, and the servants have put io there, thinking it valuable." " You have found nothing in the bed room ?" "c No, llde; and Ihave searched thoroughly I was about to return when I heardthe crash made by the falling cabinet. No paper can possibly behidden in there. You have had no succeess ?" "None," was lldo's reply. "-But I have found a fetw letters which may tend to throw some light upon the object of our searceb." Shes went to the desk and brought out the letters that had attracted her attention. Ler.l Tressillian took them and read them, and ldr:, with one hand on her lover's arm, read them anew, and looked up into hie face, as if expecting to feind his opinioan written there.--ob br Con(isccl. 718 