HE RODE TO WIN. IEdid not kdow:yoa had so much poetry in your composition,' observed Mrs. AnStruther, lan. Leila Marsden arranged the delicate lace at her wrisu with an air of abstraction. ' He is very good looking, and he rides splendidly,' she said, ' and he \--er-he does not love me to distraction, you know.' ' As many others probably will do before your time is over, my dear; but that has nothing to do with the case. You must get married, and Temple is just the man for you. As for the other one, he'll get over it in time; they always do. You are surely not going to trouble your silly little head about him .. Miss Marsden rose, and walked across the room to the verandah. * I'll think about it.' she said balf turning in the doorway. to glance back at her; sister-' I'll think about it, and I'll make up my mind this evening. There I I can't promise more. than that, can I BRose You are satisfied, aren't you r ' Yes, I am satisfied,' replied Mrs Anstruther ; and as she dozed through the long afternoon that followed she allowed her sister to figure very promi nently in her dreams as the wife of Major Temple Arburton, ot the -- Huesars, and future baronet. Sizirabad is famous for its pretty girls ; but pret tiest and most striking of all was Leila Marsden at the race ball that-night. ' Race ball' is, perhaps, too big a term to be properly applied to it, but the arrival of a couple of regiments on their way to the frontier had stirred up Sizirabad to sports on three days of the week, the race ball intervening. * You'll come down to see the finish to-morrow, Miss Maredena asked Tommy Campbell, the wit of 8izirabad, as he strolled up to Leila that evening and asked her for a dance. ' There's the Cup Race; coming off, you know, and the Ladies' Handicapj and -the race- Willoughby rides- to win-the one with the lady as prize.' ' Whatdo you mean ?' asked Leils, laughing. ' He means the Ladies' Prize Race,' said Major Arburton, standing close behind her, and glowering at Campbell over her shoulder. ' And is Mr Willoughby quite likely to win it f' asked Leila, somewhat indifferently. ' The betting is all on him; but he's got a tick lish mount, and I don't like that left-hand corner of the course. With a pulling horse and a vicious brute into the bar'gain, you stand a rare chance of jumping the hedge and disappearing down the pre ciplee. Can't imagine why the.don t arrange things better in. this outlandish land ; but then I never have seen the advantages of India. Beg your par don, didn't mean a pun.' And he disappeared among the dancers with a comical look on his face, while Lelia laughed foreedly, and turned to her partner. 'How odd he is !' she said. ' By the way, what horse is Mr Willoughby going to ride to-morrow in the Ladies' Race? ' One of mine-Mazeppa. You seem to take a great interest in that fellow, Willoughby' (jea lously). ' Not at all. He is rather a friend of my sister's,' replied Leila, carelessly. ' Are you not going to ride in this interesting race, Major Arburton P' ' If you wish it (very tenderly), and if my weight will allow of it" (doubtfully). The mixed sentiment jarred on Leila ; but he was rich, in a good regiment, with excellent prospects. What mattered it that he was far beyond thirty, and so longer solim as he had been? It was a good match for a penniless girl, and he had no choice, and so, long before the evening was over, people were whispering together concerning Miss Marsden and Major Arbarton, and a report flew about that he had proposed and been accepted. The truth or otherwise ot such statements was not to be read on Leila's face. To all outward ob servance she was as calm and haughty and beautiful I as ever. None knew that she looked at her pro- I gramme over and over again, to make sure that there was no mistake, and that the initials C.C.W. scrawled against the fifteenth valse made her await that dance with a sickening heart. It came at last. The band struck up the strains of a well- known valse, the room began to fill, and presently Leila Marsden, with- paler cheeks than usual, and a strange beating of the 'heart, was floating round with Charlie Willoughby as partner. ' Shall we sit the rest out ?' he asked, when they paused at length. Leila bent her head is assent, and they passed out of the room on to the long low verandah, some what to the dismay of her sister, who had watched them eagerly while together. The moonlight threw the girl's ptale face andtall, slight figure into strong relief agaminst the dark verandah background. Charlie Willoughby leaned against a pillar over run with creeper, and looked at her fixedly. . He made no excuse for himself, nor did he break the silence between them. His eyes searched her face, as though he would read there what he dared not trust himself to hear. Presently Leila spoke. Her voice sounded faint and far away even to herself. 'I hea,' she said, pleadingly, 'that you are goinog to ride a very vicious horse to-morrow in the Ladies' Prize Race. Please don't ride it; please do not. SAndI hear that you are engaged to marry Major Arburton (without the sliehtest reference to her appeal). Is that true, Leila, or is it not ' She looked down, and traced a little pattern on the atone floor with her foot. ' sit true or is it not,' he repeated, fiercely. Shelifted her eyes to his, and seaw there the passion thattrembled in his volce. 'Don't be angry--oh do not !' she cried, putting up her hand with a deprecating gesture : ' they have made me do it. I am a burden to my sister, you know, and I couldn't stand it any longer; and he is not so bad ; but I love you the beat-oh, so much the best Ye know it; only I-I-I am so miserable.' ' Doubtless,' he said, gravely, neverfor an intant removing his eyes from the fair, piteous face; so am I--very miserable, so have I been for the past ma ,nth, but my misery doesn't seem to touch you m:ch. S' y 'u are g?ing to. narry th is Cr?.uS, this elderly future baronet, and throw me over quite, are you. Leila ?' She twisted and untwisted her hands nervously, but made no reply. ' And you ale good enough to take sufficient interest in me to wish me not to break my neck to-morrow ?: She was still silent. 'Very good. Then listen to me. I ride to morrow, and I ride to win, and you are to be the prize. Ye., you-do not look so startled-you ! I ride to win, or I ride to-never mind that part of the business. If I win I shall consider you mine in spite of all the Major Arburtons in the world. If not-do you understand the alternative, Leila ?' She- bent her head. Could she avoid under atandinz it ? -It - with-you,'. he went on st-ert3ily.- ' You,.. know my horse, you know the racecourse, you know me. If, to-morrow, before starting you bid me to ride to win, very good; if not-- 'the music has begun again. Shall I take you back to your elderly future baronet 5' ' My dear Lelia, what nonsense !' cried Mrs Anstruther. ' Rub your cheeks, child, and drink this wine. You look as white as a ghost, and about as unhappy. Now go to the races! You will have everyone- saying it is all off again, just as it is all on. It is too aggravating of you, really.' It was the day following the ball. Leila, in her sister's room, was utteily refusing to aceompany her to the racecourse, and equally positive in her refusal to see Major Arburton. ' I know what it is,' Mrs Anstruther went on, angrily, ' that boy has been talking nonsense to you. It was too foolish of you to give him a dance last night, If I had known of it I should have taken you home most certainly. ' He did not talk nonsense, and he is not foolish, nor is he a boy,' cried Leila, vehemently. And then she gave way, and relapsed into copious weeping. ' At any rate, he is only a sub-lieutenant, and cannot possibly have more than five hundred a year. And, what is more, he doesn't mean it seriously with you. If you throw over Major Arburton now you will be throwing him over for a mere shadow. Everybody knows what a flirt Charles Willoughby is; he makes love to every girl he meets.' ' That isn't true,' exclaimed Leila, with an effort at drying her tears. ' Winm! How about Fanny Hope, and one or two others I could mention ?' Silence ' And how about his debts ?' Silence. ' And his gambling and that actress, and-' Leila sprang to her feet. ' I won't listen any more !' she cried. ' I do care for him, and I hate Major Arburton, and I won't marry him, and I will not go to the races to day.' Mrs Anstruther grew pale. She felt her last chance was gone. ' Then I shall have to remind you,' she said, firmly, ' that I cannot support all my brothers and sisters all their lives. I did "my best for Nell, and I am now doing my best for you. You seem to forget that I have children of my own to be brought up. I counted on your marrying as soon as possible. I did not count on your throwing up a reasonable chance. It was cruel, but it had its effect. Leila turned very white, then she moved to the door. ' I will go with you,' she said, scarcely above a whisper. The Ladies' Prize Race was the next on the pro gram'me. Considerab'?e excitement prevailed among -th1fair-oxa-a- to who-1wPuld wrin iS. LU.i salgr. - sat cahlm and unmoved among the spectators. She did not seem to hear or see anything, till suddenly there was a little stir and bustle, and murmurs of, 'Of course, he'll win.' ' He's sure of the race.' ' I feel inclined to congratulate you already, Mr Willoughby, you look so like winning,' etc. The hero of the race took little notice of such. like remarks. He made his way to Leila, and bent low over her. ' Which i+ it tobe ?' he asked. For an instant earth and sky reeled round her, then her brain cleared, and she saw his face, reso lute, handsome, desperate. She hesitated for one instant, then she spoke ' Ride to win.' The words were so low he could scarcely hear them, but when he turned away there was a smile in his eyes. The horses and their riders were drawn up in a line. Leila strained her eyes to watch every move ment of black and white, Mr Willoughby's colours. Mazeppa fidgeted, and caught at the bit. There was some little delay, then the flag was droppe ; they were off. Atfirst breathless silence, then growing excite ment. The course was a small one, and the race was to be run twice round. Major Arburton, who had not taken part3 in it, uttered a' Thank God !' as Mazeppz pased the dangerous corner in safety for the first time. 'Blue's to the front ; no, yellow's pushing up ; no, that's Mldon. Stick to it, Meldon. Willoughby's passed him. By Jove ! he's got his work cut out for him with that horse. Now they're neck to neck. Good race. No, \Villoughby's gaining ;no, Meldon ; no-by heaven !' A scream from one of the ladies, a general con sternation in the grand stand, a sudden cessation of interest in the race. Charlie Willoughby rode to win, but the provi dence he had dared revenged itself on him. Mazeppa had forced the bit between his teeth, shied away from the course, and, leaping the frail protection of a hedge which separated it from the side of the hill, had disappeared with his rider. ' It was a narrow shave, and no mistake,' said Charlie Wil oughby, going over the story for the hundredth timne with his wife the second month of their marriage. 'But the best part of it all was when 1 knelt down beside you and would not leave you,' laughed Leila. ' I shall never forget Major Arburton's face, .nor his words next day, when he told me all was over.between us, and that the best thing I could do after having made such an exhibition of myself, was to marry ' that young puppy.'' ' No,' said her husband, tenderly ; ' the best part of it all was that I rode to win, and that I did win what I most wanted--my wifc.'-London WYorld. 