Notes and News. AT the Folico Court, on t he 15th iuelaut> Jack, an aboriginal, was dried £1, or a week in gaol for disorderly conduct at lifracombc, aud £2, or a mouth in gaol for using obscene language. Henry Wilsou pleaded guilty to sly-grog Belling at Ilfrucombo. Sergeaut Malonc and Mr, K. A. l'cel were called «s witnesses to character. Fined £5, or in de fault of immediate payment, one month in Koekhampton gaol. A. byNbvCATE of three Aramne invrslors drew Yowi iu Adams' Sweep on the Metro politan. The happy plungers draw u little over a thousand pounds each. MR. JAS. CitOKix lias removed his aerated water plant from Mount Morgan, aud has established ft branch of his business ut Long reach. The plant went forward by Monday's train. The Lougrcuch branch will be under the charge of Mr. John Martin, who filled (he position of Mr. Cronin's manager in (he early days of Barcaldine. Ilfhacomuk.-Subscribers and agents will for the fulure receive their Champion* every Tuesday afternoon ut '1- o'clock. The guard of the train will leave the papers in care of Messrs. Mayers Brother:?, storekeepers! who have kindly conseutcd to deliver them. TilK Mackinlay towuship is very dull tliis mouth, scarcely a eoulto be seen from oue week to another, cxccpt Mackislav tho tuuiluicu \ so tho few lnms. residents - about half-a dozen adults-have rather a monotonous cxistcace. I believe this is the recognised dull time of tho year for such places, as all the available men arc at work on the surrouuding stations. 1 hour that most of the stations could do with more hands at their shearing, mustering, &lc.; The new plant is all on the ground, derrick up, and I believe drilliug started this week, for the first boro that is to bo put down on Strut hfield station. This bore is being put down 14 miles from the one at Mackinlay township, on the opposite side of (ho river in a north-west direction. It is anticipated it will be auother great aucccss, and it is to be hoped fo, for the scarcity of water on these runs is a great drawback to them being fully stocked as the season* are so uaccrluiu. I lienr the plant which left here, and is now boring on Toorak station, is doing good work, I hear Kulolo station is to be tho uext place tlicy are to put down a bore. The water at this place from the bore, which is always running uud travels about four uiilos along its uatural watercourse, is already proving a godsend to liorccs uud such stock as urc run ning on the Downs about here.- Linton Herald. Af» advertisement elsewhere untitles that the ltcv. II. T. Robj ihns will hold services in the Methodist Cliurch at Barcal TIIR BlliLU dine on 6uoday nest, iu con* SOCIETY, ncction with the annual nppea) of the British nnd Foreign Bible Society for funds. Iu the morning (be rev. gentleman will preach, his subject being "The Bible,"1 nnd in the evening on "Its Mission.1' The Bible Society has always been one of the best supported organisations in the Protestant Churche?, nnd through iu rnenns 112,253,517 copies of liic Book have been distributed throughout (lie world, not only among the inhabitants of Christian countries, but wherever it has been found possible to translate it into the language of the heathen in the four quarters of the Globe. NVc do not know whether the aborigines of Australia arc included in the list of savage people who are presented with copies of the sacred volume, but perhaps they arc too bad for us to take :hc trouble to teach or convert them. There has been a camp of blacks loeuted at Barcalditic for some weeks. The smoke of their lires is visible from where we write, and their musical language is wafted to us on the clear evening air. They arc a miserable company of men, women, and children. Tlioy beg their food and tobacco from the townspeople, and occasion ally they receive presents of old clothes and blankets. But we do uot think there is a bible in their camp. Ministers of the Gospel occasionally prcachcd to ihc men of the Defence Force, who occupied the same place a (cw months ago, but we do not think any minister has visited the blacks to declare to them the glad tidings. Poor fellows t It is a mora) certainty they are not wanted in 4 he white fellows1 benven, and it is equally cer tain that they won't pick up many tracks going in that direction from Uarculdinc. However, this is wandering away from the subject, which is the special service in the Kev. Mr. Pike's church on Sunday next, when tho Choir will bing the anthem 41 Come, Holy Ghost," nnd a very large congregation 16 expneted (o be present. Mus. JOHANNA SCULLY, the mother of Mr. Scully, of Barcaldine, died suddenly Inst Wednesday at her home in A sutiiMSN Itockhampton, about o'clock DEATH, in the evening. Her ton, Frank, heard his mother fall in the kitchen. He at once rushed to her assistance, but she almost immediately expired. The deceased lady was the widow of Mr. Thomas Scully, a gatekeeper on the Central Line, who was killed by a passing train. A MEETING of (lie members of llic Carriers1 Union was held iu Barcaldine on Friday evening, to discuss n certain CARR'Kits matter which had previously MEliTfXG, caused some uneasiness among the local teamsters. Mr. Hop. kiup, of Welhhot, came to Barcaldine to nrrangc for teams to carry his wool from the Bbcd tu llfrncombu, agreeing to givo thcttirac rate ns from VVellsliot to Barcaldine. Car riers were to rcceivc ns many loads ns they could take, travelling from iho railway back to the shed with empty waggons. Mr. Hop kins explained that there was so much wool to take away, about 1200 tons in ail, and he Agreed to load up the wool as quickly ns tlic carriers came for it. At the meeting the secretary explained there was no regular contract entered into, the manager bitniriy agreeing to load up nil the waggons twit could be made available until all the woo) was cleared oat of the shed. It was agreed to ofTer the woul next day, when the rotation list was called. 