Underneath. A SEEMON BY EEV. C. H. SPUBGBON. " Underneath are the Everlasting Arms."-DxuTKBOHOMy, xxxiii., 27. God surrounds his children on all sides ; they dwell in ¿ira, and, according to the text, the Lord is also under his saints, for, " Underneath are tho everlasting arms." "Lord, thou haBt been our dwelling-place in all generations," and hy thee we are everywhere surrounded as the earth by the atmosphere. Within thy circling power I stand j On every side I find thy hand; Awake, asleep, at home, abroad, I am surrounded still with God. The verse which contains our text should be in terpreted somewhat after this fashion : *' The eternal God is thy dwelling-place, or thy rest, and underneath are tho everlasting arms." The parallel passage is that verse in the Song where the bride exclaims, " His left hand is under my head, and his right hand doth embrace mo." The soul hath como TO ITS RESTING-PLACE IN GOD, and feels itself to be supported by the divine strength. The heart has learned to abide in Christ j Jesus to go no more out for ever, but to lean on his bosom both day and night. It is somewhat in the condition of Noah's dove, which, -when weary, was about to drop into tho all-destroying waters, but Noah put out his hand and plucked her in unto him into the ark ; and when she waa all safe in the hollow of his hand, held by her preserver with a firm but tender grasp, she found in that place a refuge which surrounded her, and upheld her from below. The hands covered her on all sides, and came beneath her too. Even thus the hand of God sustains all those who dwell in the secret place of the most high, and abide under the shadow of the Almighty. I am going, however, to take the words just as they stand in our own authorised version, and to consider them apart from the context. I ask your most careful consideration of them, for they must bo very full of meaning, and very emphatic in their force. Tho words are placed at the end of. Moses's song, and they are its crown and climax. Ho bad wound himself up to the highest pitch of poetic excitement and spiritual fervor, and this passage is the result. Ho had spoken grandly before ooncorning the separate tribes, and the words which fell from his lips are unspeakably rich ; but now he is about to cloße, and therefore he pours forth LÍB loftiest strains, and utters full and deep meanings, the ripest and choicest fruits of A LIFETIME OF COMMUNION with God. As our Lord ascended to heaven bless ing his disciples, so did his servant Moses before climbing to Pisgah pour out a torrent of benedic tions full and deep, inspired by the divine Spirit. It is not possible, therefore, that the language can be too greatly prized. The words mean ali that we can make them mean, the nectar of their consolation is altogether inexhaustible; may God the Holy Spirit help us to weigh and measure them, and then to distil their inner sense and drink of the spiced wine of his pomegranate. Let us attend to the question : Where are the everlasting arms ? " Underneath/' Now, "under neath " is a region into which we cannot see. > We glance downward, and tho dead cold earth stops our gaze. When we are heavy in spirit we fix our eyes upon the ground and look, but even an eagle's glance cannot see far below. Scarce can | we poer beneath the thin green sod.; the bottom of a gravo is well nigh the full range of mortal vision. THE UNDER WORLD IS MYSTERIOUS, we associate the subterranean with all that is dark and hidden, and because of this it is often regarded as terrible. A man scarcely ever fears j that which he can see in proportion to hiB dread I of what he cannot see. Hence our alarm at the I " underneath." What. may be underneath us when we leave this sunlit region for the grave's o'orshadowing vault ? What will happen to us in ; eternity? Life will soon end: what is death? j What is the immediate result of death? What Bhall we feel when we aro traversing those tracks unknown, and finding our way to the judgment seat of God ? Not knowing, except | that little which has been revealed to us, we are j all too apt to conjecture terrors and invent hor rors, and so to begin troubling concerning that which we do not understand. What a comfort it is to be told by the voice of inspiration that " Un derneath are the everlasting arms !" Poets have usually been in a gloomy humor when picturing the under world, and imagination is very apt to spin a black and tangled thread. You have read of caverns dark, where the bodies of men are fast detained, of which caverns death has the key. Of this the grim Anglo-Saxon poet wailed the warn ing note ' Loathsome is that .earthhouse. And grim within to dwell ; There thou shalt dwell, ' And wt rms shall-divide thee. You have heard of gloomy ruins and corridors where prisoners incessantly rattle their chains to the dolorous music o£ sullen groans and hollow moans. ' WE HAVE BEEN AFRAID OF DEATH because of the horrors with which our. ignorance has surrounded it, and dismayed at the future because of the mjsiaries which darken it. Be comforted. Our text, like a lamp, -reveals the abyss of death, and uplifts the veil cf ti,o future; follow its gleam, and you will see îxsrw it dispels the darkness. If you aro a child of God,you may descend without fear into the lowest depths; even if, like Jonah, you had to cry, " I went down to the bottoms of the mountains; the earth with her bars was about mo for ever," yet you need not be dismayed, for "underneath are the everlaeting arms." If you were called to take some ßuch awful journey as Virgil and Dante have fabled in their poems, when their heroes descended into the dread Avernus, yon need not tremble, though it were said of you Along the fllumiuated shade Darkening and lone their way they -made. If, I say, yon are bound to traverse the sepulchral vanita, and all the gloomy dungeons of Hades, yet you need not fear, for " Underneath are the ever lasting arms." Mystery of mysteries ! thou art no longer terrible to us, bocauso light ia shining upon thee. Depths unfathomable, WE NO LONGER FEAR to pass through you, for there is one whose love ÍB deeper than tho depths beneath as it is higher than the heights above, and ho has said, " I will bring again from Bashan, I will bring them up from the depths of the sea." We gladly take our journey downward at tho call of God, and without fear we pass through the gates of the tomb, and enter the doors of tho shadow of death, for *' Underneath are the ever lasting: arms." "Underneath"-tho word arouses thought and inquiry. Everything ought to be Bound, solid, and substantial thero. " Underneath " must bo firm, for if that fails we fail indeed. Wo have been building, and our eyes have been gladdened by the rising walla, and with the towering pin nacles ; but what if something should be rotten " underneath ?" Great will be the fall thereof, if we have built as high aa heaven, if the sand lia underneath, yielding and shifting in tho day of flood. " Underneath are the everlasting arms." That is, first, as the foundation of everything. If you go down, down, to discover the basement upon which all things Test you come ere long to " the everlasting arms." The things which are saen are stayed up by the invisible God. ThiB outward visible univeise has no power to stand for a single instant if ho does not keep it in being. Ho boars up THE PILLARS OF THE UNIVERSE. He alone spreadeth out the heavens, and treadeth upon the waves of tho sea. He maketh Arcturus, Orion, and tho Pleiades, and the chambers of the south. Foolish are those philoso phers who think that they can reach tho essence and soul from which visible things were evolved, unless they bow before the invisible God. Ho is the foundation of creation, the fountain and source of being, the root and basement of existence. "Underneath''* everything "are the everlasting arms." Most true is this with regard to his church. He chose her and redeemed her to himself; the very idea of a church is from tho Lord alone. Asa temple he devised her architecture, saying, "I will lay thy foundations with sapphires ; " and he hath built up her every stono by his own power ; her walls he sustains against her enemies, so that the gates of hell cannot prevail against her, for the foundation of' God standeth sure. The foundation of evei*y true church is the Lord himself, tho highest himself doth establish her. God is in the midst of her, she shall not be moved. *' Underneath ave tho everlasting arms." Blessed be God, what is true of the Church as a corporate body is truo of every member of the church. There abides no spiritual life in the world which is not founded upon the everlasting arms. Beloved, IF THE LIFE OF GOD BE IN YOU, if you search deep and go to the basis of it, you will find that your life is staying itself and draw ing its constant nurture, yea, deriving ita very existence, from the life of the eternal God. Jesus says, " Because I live, ye shall live also." Tour life is the life of God in you j for the divine seod is the foundation of all spiritual life. Beware, then, of harboring in your heart anything which hatn not underneath it the . ever lasting arms. If there be any hope, let it be founded on the everlasting covenant of God ; if thero he any confidence, let it be stayed upon the everlasting strength of Jehovah; if there be any service rendered, let it be according to the everlasting commandment. If in your soul there be any grace, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise, suffer none of these matters to he superficial or pretentious, the creation of your own native strength, but let them be all founded upon the work of the Holy Ghost in your soul; m fact, let it be said of each of them, '* Underneath are the everlasting arms." Nothing will serve our turn in the trials of life, the terrors of death, or the solemnities of the great day, except that which hath underneath it the everlasting arms. See how thé nations reel when God no longer sustains them: "He removeth the mountains, and they know not ; he overturneth them in his anger." See how thoso churches fly into apostasy which have not underneath them the everlasting arms ; they are quenched as the fire of thorns, and only a smoke remaineth. Did not Jesus say : Every plant that my father hath not planted shall be rooted up ?" See how hypo critical professors disappear like the morning mist when the sun arises. Nothing will abide the day of the Lord's coming unless its foundation belaid in the eternal God. Again we may read the words, "Underneath are the everlasting arms," in the sense of being the JENI) AND OBJECT OF EVERYTHING. Ii. in faith you search into divine providence, however dark and trying it may appear, you will soon find that underneath it are the everlasting arras. Satan may be mining, but God is under mining; even under the deep devices of hell the everlasting arms are to be found. Satan's craft i is deep "to UB, but it is very shallow to the Lord, whose wisdom goes far deeper than all the cunning bf the prince of darkness. The evils I and errors. which are in the world should! not cause us to despair of the ultimate victory of the truth, for beneath them still- there is the immutable decree of the ever-living and the ever-blessed j and that decree shall be accom 1 i plishod whoever may oppose it j hath he n ot said. ""I have sworn by myself,-the word is gone out of my mouth in righteousness, and shall not return, that unto me every, knee shalLbow/ -every,, tongue; shall swear P" His purpose shall afana,'he will do ' all his pleasure. He worketh all things accord ing to the counsel of his own -will.- - 1 - . Underneath the best events ar« fhe.'.arma >of lpvp to make them" good, and underneath the worst that can happen , are the 'selfsame ever? lasting arms to modérate and "overrule them*. As the design, and object of all, underneath are the everlasting arms." I take the text, " Underneath are the everlast ing arms," to mean next that the arms of God are there as THE PRESERVATION OF HIS PEOPLE. His people sometimes appear to themselves to be in great danger, but it Í3 written, " He B1W\U giva his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. They shall bear thee up in their bauds, lest thou dash thy foot against a stone." Certain of the saints aro set in very high places, and their brain might well be turned, so that they would fall; but they Bhall not slip with their feet, for God upholdeth the righteous. If under deep depression of spirit and sore travail of heart their feet should be almost gone, what a blessing it ia to think that "underneath are tho everlasting arms." Sometimes faith walks upon a very slender thread high above the ways of common menç poising her balancing pole of experience, she triea to keep her feet, but her satisfaction is that thees is a net beneath her which will receivo her, 00 that she shall not be utterly dashed to pieces. " I have prayed for theo that thy faith fail not ** is the gracious safeguard of those who, as Peter, suffer when Satan has them in hiB sieve. Th* people of God Bhall be safe ; Satan may cast them down, but God will save them. Let us walk carefully none the less because of this. Let rt» watch well our footsteps as much as if our preser vation entirely depended upon ourselves, but let UH over look alono to our Lord. That leads mo to read my text in another sonsa as teaching us that tho everlasting arms aro th« rest of his people. If these everlasting arms are always outstretched to preservo TOO lest I totter in weakness and fall into destruction, then on those arms let me lean my whole weight for time and for eternity. That is the practical lesson of this choice word. Repose yourselves, beloved, ia those arms which even now aro embracing yeo. Whereforo vex your heart when you may be fred from care? Underneath everything your father** arms are placed WHAT, THEN, CAN FRET YOU ? His own word to his prophets is, " Comfort yo, comfort ye, my people, Baith your God. Speak ya comfortably to Jerusalem." Will you not accept the comfort ho sends by his spirit, and bids his servants impart to you ? Blow ye winds and tow ye waves, the barque cannot sink, or if it did sink it could not Bink to our destruction, we should only drop into tho great father's hand, for under neath even the sinking vessel are the everlasting arms. Now, let ,the earth reel with earthqu&te;, dr open wide her mouth to swallow us up quùtk. we need not fear to descend into her dreariest gulf, since underneath ns still would bo the ever lasting "arms. What a fulness of rest this secures to the believing people of God ! The text seems to givo us a promise of exaitd tion and uplifting. We may be very low and greatly cast down, but " underneath are tho evot lasting arms." The merciful God is great al a dead lift. " He raiseth the poor up out of the dust, and liftoth the needy out of tho dunghill; that he may set him with princes, even with tba princes pf his people." Who can tell how high a man may be lifted up-tG what sublime elevations he may safely ascend whon the Lord ma kos his feet like hind's feet that he may stand upon LU high places ? If still underneath him aro the ever lasting arms he may safely obey tho word, " Get thee up into the high mountains." He may outsoar the eagle, mounting higher and higher till he has left the sun like a speck beneath his foot, and still underneath him shall be the everlasting arms. Therefore higher, and yet higher may wa hourly ascend in thought, in joy, in holiness, in likeness to our God ; this is meant to encourage us to rise, since there can bo to danger while the arms of God aro underneath. This then, my brethren, is where we may expect to find, th» strength and power of God ; it is underneath"' ua, bearing UB up. Wo mny not always see it, for th« underneath is hidden from our sight, but surely as in secret tho Lord upholds the hugh columna of the universe so he upbeareth all his own ser vants, and their concerns. " Underneath are tba everlasting arms." Amen. 