Tbe National Growth. Although according to the latest figures summarising the results lot the ceneus New South Wales is only 361 souls ahead of Victoria, there is every reason for the people of this country to be satisfied with its TJEosness. Some time asro freetraders were sneermgly told to mark the growth of Melbourne as compared with, that of Sydney. They do note it, with pleastcre to themselves and with. eomeaptJieiieiiBioit for the future of their eouifaern neighbors. Melbourne we hasten to acknowledge has 489,185 people, as against Sydney's 386,397 ; Melbourne in the ten years since the 4ast census has increased afc the rate -of -.-5 *6 per cent, per annum, against Sydney's 5-5. The superior increase of the Victorian Metropolitan populatum is, however, more than offset by the comparatively slo^r progress of the country folk south of ' the Murray. The actual increase of the country population of New South Wales exceeds thJfc of the country population of Victoria by 158^59. Thejiate of progress hete is 3*6 per nim-mm, as compared with 1-06 in the younger colony. To such an extent does the comparatively rapid -addition to our couataty populsiton compensate for the comparatively slow addition to the capital that, during the ten years since 1881* we have increased, taking town and country together, 31£ per cent, faster than the ViotoiianB j their conattry population, jvhich* Was 72,974 greater than ours in 1381, being now 3tit,3ll less. To nearly atLj&e; world our increase will appefit ioliavefoDowea ^ie most healthy lines and'' to' 'be full of . ^he greater promise, Slough, '--t course, fhere will be found sajoLe ^ «nthusiaBtic protectionistej who, icastittg ; aside tihti teacilimgs,^E,all Mstory, .wifl inBist *aat' *1ie a-S^c-Stt^t^n ^tith^uTbiMi*ace into1 l»1t^ti©8 1b a hopeful and devitable sign* People who hold this view here will not be supported either by freetraders or' protectionists in other countries. Protection in Australia, as .it has this tendency to draw people from the land to artificially fostered manufactories in towns, is more damaging than it would be elsewhere. In Great Britain, where the extent of land is limited, the propensity to cause crowding into towns has been pointed out by one side, and admitted by the other, to be one of the inevitable drawbacks to freetrade. It is bo generally believed to be outweighed in this case of Great Britain by other more than compensating advantages that now no protectionist party exists ; but it is known to be a drawback for all that. Turning to other aspects of the census, there are points upon which Victoria and New. South Wales can shake hands. The preponderance of men over women shows that we are both still very young countries. In this respect, too, however, New South Wales seems to keep its youth better than its rival. It has 616,008 males and 518J199 females, whereas Victoria has €94,080 males to 539,766 females. More than this, this country has kept up its high average of men almost unchanged since 1881. Contrast these figures with the 949 men to 1000 women in England and Wales, and the excess of -women over men in New Zealand, which, though in all conscience young enough, has been suffer ing from a depression which makes it, like thelandsof the old world^aplace whence the emigration frequently outweighs the immi gration. The only unsatisfactory feature in the New South Wales census is the large number of unoccupied houses; bat the uninhabited condition of these is, apart from landlords holding on for excessive rents, largely the result of the provisions of the law as to free selection. In the country many of the Louses were run up only to meet the residential qualification^ and were aban doned after the term had been fulfilled. It is now said that when the House assembles nest Wednesday a direct vote of censure will be moved against the Government on its fiscal policy. This 1*111 be a very chivalrous pro ceeding; but the fiscal policy is just the point on which, the Government is strong. There remains few anomalies in the tariff arrange ments which prevent the country enjoying absolute and logically complete freetrader But a protec tionist protest against these would be evidently too insincere to command formidable support. There are plenty of other subjects upon which Ministers are assailable. - 'Why, then, take them on lost the matter that will make their supporters f&U; into line. There is not a member of the Assembly who cannot see that, to enable Mr. Dibbs to carry a motion against the present very small tariff, would be a direct means of bringing in a tnack j more sweeping one — a change from King Log to King Stoifc ? ±no nnoorxance or une proiecra.oiu.b-c roeeiiuig »» Newcastle may be judged from the fact that the chief orators of the occasion were Mr. J. Q. Gough and Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan. Mr. Gongh, as wil be remembered, addressed a rather remarkable speech to his constituents the other day at Young. In that he certainly contrived to exhibit about as good samples of political fustian as had been manufactured for many a day. It is, however, only doing him bare justice to say that his Newcastle speech was on a par with the one he had spouted at Young:. 'Fluent nonsense trickled from his tongue' for an hoar at Newcastle. The speech did not contain a single intelligent idea with respect to the real political questions of the day, or even the ghost of one. But, of courses there was a repetition of those old parrot cries for protection which have ceasad to impose on any body now. Mr. O'Sollivan naturally followed in a similar strain, and tried to persuade his hearers that however appearances might be against the supposition, protection was still a live thing. He boasted that he had assisted at its birth in TSew South Wales. Well, he doesn't stand a bad chance of officiating at its wake. A nfi.Ta.Grra.nfi in fi.nof:Tior f-nlnmn fwrni cm TCtmv. lish paper conveys to all whom it may con cern the interesting fact that the lady known to us here as Mrs. Brown Potter — and latterly as Mrs. Potter without the Brown — has been giving her impressions of Australia to a New York journal. A rose by any other name would smell as sweet, and with any other prefix to her name Mrs. Potter is doubtless as piquant. At present she chotses to call herself Mrs. Cora Urqnbart Potter. She does not seem to be well pleased with some of her Australian critics. Yet, to be sure, against the faint praise or no praise at all which she had to put up with from most of- them, the few admiring ones de cidedly managed to lay it on with a trowel. The city of Ballarat would appear to be in a fair way of acquiring an unenviable notoriety for murders, for it has contributed more than, a fair share to the epidemic of capital crimes that has lately prevailed. The melancholy Johnston tragedy, with its dismal termination, must still be fresh in the public recol lection. Since Johnston's execution the city' in question has put - two more tragedies to Its account, one somewhat similar in character to that for which Johnston was bo recently turned off. A woman named Bardie has had her throat cut by a razor. She accuses her husband of having committed the crime, and her accusation is supported by two of their children. There is said to be little hope of her recovery. It is the -too common story — 'Drink was the cause/' In ike other case a man named Heeney waa found with bis skull smastied in at a place called Soldier's Hill, Ballarat. fie died soon after being found. In this case the deed seems to have been committed with a tomahawlt, but there is no-clue to the perpetrator. Three' murders within as many months for one city is rather a bad record. A telegram -saxunffices that the export of gold from New York to Europe has during the year reached the sura of £10/000,000. We would commend tMs -it&a; of intelligence to the gentlemen ''who are always boasting that a protectionist tariff keeps the money in the cbufitry. It is pretty hard id see that even a mythical benefit dtsappeara when brought -to the iard test of fact. T££ leaders of the Feniffe party in the United States have, ~we read, issued a manifesto ?4e claritigr^gamst 6 rlBvolutaoit, find* urging. &wait-; fe£~»P°Bcj-- o& . tbe- ground that Irefe&ft; oppprfcnnifcy wiHifeome when 'England isAmftn? xa8se&$?*#8r.-- if *&69e peSpte-wferfc -smpl6yea to Writ* 5brj dMttoa «gtti)» they x*aUy eo*M do n* better than they 'do in lie interests of the present government of Great Britain' This manifest© adds the Fenians to ihe Far nellites, M'Carthyites, Tories, OraSgdm&a;, and Liberals already in the field of Irish polities. It is almost a repetition of ancient history when the unhappy country was fought for by the armies of King Charles, Cromwell, Owen Eoe O'Neill, and the Confederation of Kilkenny. Mme. Sata Bernhardt, Who arrives in Sydney to- morrow, has made long and successful tours in the United States and South. America, and has frequently performed in London; but has never before visited Australia. Her London experience will have prepared her for the very similar audiences she will find here. Mme. Sara's visits to New York have been more than once marked by difficulties with the customs authorities about the admission of theatrical wardrobe free of -duty as wearing apparel. Of course, she is ' all right here, but let the Victorian frontier authorities look out for squalls. A dispute with Sir Henry Parkes concerning the waters of the Murray might be frnfling in comparison. 