SPORTING. ? - <JU ? The fc. A.,J. C. have a somewhat difficult matter to deal with at , the present time in reierence to the bookmakers they will recog nise m conjunction with the A.R.C. They have held two conferences with the latter body already on this subject, but the ruling in the Lammey case crops up as an embarrassment, and hampers both clubs to some extent in tha action they would otherwise have taken, Straightlyput, the S.A. J.C. have ample powers to conduct their own business on a freehold, and need only recognise the members of the S.A. Tattersall's in their betting room. Outside this'body, however, their are a number of smaller bookmakers who have been accustomed for years past to bet on the Derby and flat enclosures and to attend the country meetings. Amongst these are many who have met their liabilities and kept their names good, and they have organised tl'e second body of betting men known as Tier's Tattersall's. By the calendar issued by the S.A. J.C. not more than a dozen bookmakers are recognised as licensed by the premier club, and these are all ' members of the S.A. Tattersalls. To qualify a betting member of this club he has to pay an entrance fee of £25 and put up a guarantee of £500. This is relatively equiva lent to what is done by the members of the Victorian Club, the principal club in Mel bourne, but in that city there are also Bowes's Tattersall's, and Mander's Club, some of the . members of which are' recognised by the V.R.C. and allowed to have licenses to bet on ? the hill. The members of Tier's Tattersall's in Adelaide claim a similar privilege. They know they are not qualified to enter and pat up the guarantees in the S.A. Tattersall's, but admitting that they do business on a smaller scale they want to have licenses to wager in the outside paddock. The S. A.J.O. sent up a proposition to S.A. Tattersall's that some of these men should be admitted as honorary members with a smaller qualification than the others, but? .the premier club have replied that they cannot make any alterations in their rules or any provision to admit the outsiders, seeing that the latter would have the use of the club rooms and have the 'hall mark _ of the premier club to trade with if this concession were granted, it can he understood at once why the premier club refuse to entertain this proposition. We think it a fair thing that some of the members of Tier's Tattersall's should be recognised; that they should be called upon to deposit a sum of say £25 a piece to form a fund, from which any disputed wagers might be paid, and ohati the S.A. J.C. should then recognise a certain number of members, whose names should be submitted to them for approval, and that these should be licensed to con duct their business outside the grand stand enclosure. It would then depend upon the members of the second Tattersall's to keep their own ranks clean and send up the names of reliable men, and the list could be registered in the calendar for the guidance of the secretarys of country clubs, who would be requested to recognise only those metalliciana who were authorised to wager by the S.A.J.C. The friends of . Mr. Usher, of the Globe Hotel, and his amiable wife, intend to rally round them this evening and give them a presentation and farewell send off .prior to leaving Adelaide for Port Pirie, where we understand Mr. Usher will open a new hotel. A matter worthy of the attention of the S.A. J.C. has been brought under our notice, and that is the advisability of making 's condi tion that the leading country courses shall be. enclosedwith a rail. The premier club could make .this a condition before granting licenses, as the expense would in most cases amount to not more than £50 or £60. The rail would prevent horses being run inside a post, and stop some of the dodges "that are resorted to at these meeting for running off good horses by animals that have not the ghost of a chance of winning. : The usual day's outing at the Grange'ha3 : been fixed for Saturday, December 19. JEt can hardly be called-a race meeting,-but the pro gramme includes a trot, a swimming match, the Grange Handicap, and. a hack race, for which nominations will be received by Mr. Wadeyup to 14th inst. Whether the horses run straight or swim crooked there will no doubt be the usual attandance of sightseera who aire glad of an excusefor getting a breath , df sea air on a summer afternoon. ? As we are now inaugurating pony meeting3 it is to be hoped the stewards will act promptly and with severe decision 'if needed in the case of: malpractice. The Richmond course is the latest of those inaugu rated, in the suburbs of Melbourne, and already the stewards have found trouble in conducting their meetings. Last Monday . they had several times to take action. In the Portsea Handicap Marksman bolted four times round the course before he could be stopped. The owner took the jockey off, and the stewards disqualified the pony for a period of six months. After the National Handicap they also decided to suspend W. M'Donala, the rider of Marigold, for three months for sus picious riding. The St. Kilda Handicap saw some more peculiar riding, and the rider of Fortune lodged, a complaint against Gran bourne's jockey for foul riding, but the stewards dismissed the complaint. A protest ' against the winner, Dandy Dick, was talked of, but came to nothing. ? It appfears that whilst the riders of Fortune and Cranbourne were trying to out-jockey each other, the rider of Dandy Dick slipped up on the inside, and just snatched the race. For some time past the "want of a supreme tribunal in racing matters in Tasmania has been greatly felt, and at last an effort is being made to obtain one. At first it was intended to locate this between the Tas manian Racing Club and the Taemanian Turf Club, oi, rather, in representatives from each of those bodies sitting, in conclave; but other counsels prevailed, and it was determined that the country racing clubs should also have a voice in the council of control. Sir John, by Countryman (late Cetewayo) -Rosebud, who is being trained at head quarters by J. Nicholson, has been purchased from Mr. 0?Shanassy, of St. Arnaud, by Mr. John O'Regan, and will continue in Nichol son's hands. . . ~ In addition to the pony race meeting which is announced to take place on the Port Ade laide course a movement is on foot to organise . similar meetings on -Mr. T. Jordan's course, at \- Edwardstown, and if the operations are con fined purely to pony racing and trotting it is not likely that tne'racing authorities will inter- ; fere, _ as the V.R.C. have declined to take cognisance of these meetings. . Queenslander, by Papapa from Maori Girl, who beat a good steeplechaser and others in the Bacchus Marsh cross country event last Thursday, won the Trial Steeplechase at Hawkes'Bay, N.Z., last June, carrying 12 st. 3 lb., and running the two miles in 4 min. 48| sec. This hor«e is entered: for our Metro politan meetings, and should be worthy of ttention for Onkaparinga. The weights for the Woochester meeting, to take place on Boxing Day, have been allotted by Mr. H. L. Chinnick, who has started on a somewhat low scale in the flat races and in the Hurdles has presented the unusual feature of all the horse3 but one being at the minimum 9 st. ' Lithe Flying Handicap no less than eight owners have to find boys who can scale at 6 sb. 7 lb., and what this means on a country course that is not railed in can be imagined, Mr. Hughes has issued the weights for the two principal events at Quorn, in which Vistula has been allotted 12 st. in the Hurdles and 8 st. in the "Christmas Handicap. This should not deprive him of the chance of winning one or other of these events. Spindle and Little Lad should also rim well in the Hurdles, and Mudbury and True Briton in the Handicap. Paddy's Land is not a big horse, and must feel his impost of 10 st. . in the latter, although he has a good record as a -winner at country meetings. The running at Quorn on Boxing Day will throw a little light on the chances of some of the competitors at Hawker on January 1, when Satan will be a Triton amongst minnows if he puts in an appearance. Mr. Hughes has - given them a steadier, however,' in the Totalizator Handicap -with 10 st. 12 lb., and in the .New Years' Gift with 10 st. 9 lb. Paddy's Land and' Mudbury should have a say in any -events in which they are started. For the Nairne races, . which take place on Boxing Day, Mr. Ferry has entered three or four representatives, and if he elects to go up there should pull off one or two of the events. It is more than likely, however, the prizes will be left, to the local candidates. The handicaps for the sports to be held at Murray Bridge appeal- m our advertising columns. Acceptances for the several event3 .close with the secretary at 9 o'clock on Friday, ' ' December 18, at Murray Bridge.. The appearance of the weights for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps, to be run at Flemington on New Year's Day, has given an impetus to speculation this week, and numerous wagers have been made with local metaUicians over the double event, besides straight-out investments. On the appearance of the weights Lord Hopetoun and Steelfcrap were at once scratched for the Standish, and we fail to see what Lord Hopetoun has done of-Jate to entitle him to the award of 9 st. Whimbrel is top weight at 9 st. 5 lb., but he also has been scratched, perhaps 'be cause the short distance is not his forte. Teksum, 9 st. 2 lb., should take some beating j also Gladstone (an improving horse), who won the race last year with a stone less than he ig now asked to carry. Prattler, who then ran second with 7 st. 10 lb. has been allotted" 8 st. 6 lb., and should have a Food say in it. Hero, Pigeontoe, and Deerswocd are all well handi capped at their respective weights, "and then we come to Ascot Vale and Skiff, and lower down Wild Rose, Epi, and Competency. On recent running Lardy Dardy must have a chance, and Merriment is not out of it. Amongst the light weights Courteous and Cooramin should command respect, and for half a dozen to supply the winner we select Gladstone, Deerswoodj Wild. Rs>ge, Corns prtency, Courteous, and- Lardy Dardy, For the Bagot Handicap ' the Melbourne Cup winner, Maivolio, is hardly likely to be tried at 9 st. 2 lb., but Clonard (8 St.. 4 lb.), Chintz (7 st. 12 lb.). The Spot (7 st. 12 lb.), Tantallon (7 st. 9 lb.), and Portsea (7 st. 9 lb.), with a chance for Pigeontoe (S.st. 3 lb.) look a likely half-dozen, and if Chintz should be in tlie humor on the day she will take a lot of beat intr. 