ST. JOHN'S CHOUCH OF SENGLAND>D On Sond-sy the Right Bos Br Thortslcs Angican' Bishopi of Boll snrt. pre-iclied in'll St: .oli o Chrch Hiorosoclltr o icc sin of -lii visit besg the confirmnatiii of tiwenty youisg memrehCc of the coingregationf eFr hics ethor tation the Bishopi took as hiv, twxt Revelatinon IV, 'i Thereu wem coven lsmpoa f lrohccsining· hefore the throne, schicli are thoe onin opfirito of God,: ansI a thloughltful nerncibn wv, listeiced to hIy a.largi. congregetioc., By the aevenc laips,.thse prchelior said, woos iot meant ic illoiniiatioi but a sesgenifold fire isurcinig 'hefore the throne. Fire woa the oshbol of teli Holy' Spsirit choeic opokei of iii Isle dealinge' with men, hot it had ofteii heei ohaerved that then oymhol sva chamiged wlien it descended upo~n ·Teouci-thcen it cicien as dove. 'Bult wen He Ind to'< d l with their hearts lie appeared as a bhrninig fmee, hecanse there was something to consume, something to hicrn to clear dcrkcceoo away, whileothere was notlhincg of, thlat in Cims-it. B~y. thin seven spirits of God they were not to ucidertond that there were seven Holy Giiosts,buta sovon fold opirit. Severi, as iiideistood iii the Biblh, uinlilicd variety niid oiiihilneteOse Agaici aiid agnici tle work of thre Holy (liooatu-ao deocrihed no coen~t-fold. To coccllrectisic; what thu otto-' didatoswanted, and thoy anited nothingq'elhv, was the Hol~y Spirit of God, nixd ~that lovely pryer whlich forued part of the confirmation service asked for icotlcing clse tliani that. It 'did not ask for forgiveness, it did isot ask for regccetiec itaonnrfies tlhatt htlcad Sakec place. 'What it askcd for u-as silo sp~ecifiethicig; that was the Holy Ghost. The gifts of tne iFoly 'Ghloot wer ivisdom, iisiderseitidicig cocisol, iiiglt, knowledge, gouiliness and fear. Solomon, when asked wliat le would have, instead of choosing wealth, miade the nolder choice of wisdom. What they wanted at the confirmatisni was that God elwould give thlnis a decided choice, tnir g away froee tele wicked, periohiiig werlnd to Jesus anid Bis service, anid before iliiiig so they should counsel with tlecm selves; not rrusl iiito it like somse pesple uith oiit thiiiking what the econscquuencew would hr Such people had no lraudince. Tioe pIsreachor then spoke strooly agidnst sensotionel preach eg, clsifyinif it uj aneorkicugof the nerves, inst of the Spit. They c wanted a genoine piecy, not religious hysterics. Hle believed in the way their Mastsr weNit abhoot' uluhc lie walked thin earth as a carponter. -Religiooe faisaticisma and hysteries miigiit do iin a faslhioc, but it uas conlyeacitecnent of the feelings and, icerves, while it sihoild he the 'onthusiasms and excitsiient of the Hgoly Ghost, swhiich was tnue piiety. One if the faults of the Australian youth-who, Ihoweevr, had inany noble attri hitcs--was the siaiit of seriousCeso for this life. Their tendency was toabe too seulnerleial. They were often fouiid laughiig aiid chatting iin the house of lissr, er while it was meet thaut schls a thing dohal c ilot go onl theore; thle, often gsiing Ilooie freiischorclitliey evosld. hegic to elsitter shoolt ci-ery day topics, nlec-cc g·isig this oar iiisi: a thoulght. Ho coiseoded hy gi-ivisg~ serious advice to the communicineoctsafter schicih each one of them was puhlicly received into the clurcl hy kneelinigdown at the cosimmuiin rail, wslile the kishop ilaced his haids on their heads, repeating the words, "L Defiid, 0 Lorni, this thy child with thy heavenly grece, that ihe mossy coitinue tbins fiir ever; and dcily increase in thy Holy Spirit more and lmore uiitil lie comel unlto thy~ everlastinlg kingdo~m." :: Ii the ofternooii the bishlop sold a c hllildrec's hee-ice, Isis text Iseing takecn from Isainh LXI cli. 11t s ver., " Fur as tIce earth brisigetlh fssrth her hud and as the garden eausethl the thinig that are soccu in it to owsrisng firths; SO the Lord lGed will cause rigteoccsnceso ascd Ireise to spring forth lieforesll lthe ntioni." hUpoii thin hIe delivered a very interesting address. lIi the evenicicg the church wss filled ancd us poserful sersion was bIased uponl1 Mark IX cli. Tnd verse, " Jesus toketic wittilciim 1'eter nudi .Iamies and Jotsn, and leadethi themc uip icito ass high imountaics apart by thsemselvcs; acid Ice was tcrastigiied before them." 