Catholic Disabilities and the Press. The Times , speaking of Mr. Glad- stone's defeated Bill, says :- This measure, advocated in language which might apply to the wholesale proscrip- tion of a creed, would in fact relieve two men of an exceedingly limited disability. We do not know of any Catholic lawyer except Sir Charles Russell who has any claim whatever to the Chancellership ; and if, as some of Mr. Gladstones friends pretend, Lord Herschell would be the Gladstonian Chancellor if the question became actual, the scope of the Bill is narrowed to the qualification of Lord Ripon, the only Catholic supporter of Mr. Gladstone who can aspire to the Viceroyalty. We may accordingly credit Mr. Gladstone's Bill with aiming at the partial relief of two persons from inability to discharge the functions of two offices. Mr. W. H. Smith probably did not overstate the case when he said that the Bill would distress, alarm, and affront large numbers of people ; but, however that may be, legislation upon a delicate question, for the benefit of only two individuals out a whole nation, and proposed by a man who neglected all his own opportunities of doing what he now describes as simple justice, would establish a precedent of a thoroughly vicious kind. Upon the question of principle there might be room for serious argument on a serious occasion, but it is an affront to the national intelligence to call for serious treatment of a question thus raised in overweening egotism or irresponsible levity. The Daily News :— The debate will be for ever memorable throughout the world on account of the mover's speech. The division will be remembered in this country until the miscellaneous horde which voted down the principles of a free Constitution have been scattered by a free electorate to the winds of Heaven. Since' the sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets, there has been no more extraordinary resurrection of ancient and well-laid ghosts that were disquieted and brought up yesterday by the wand of those somewhat prosaic magicians, Mr. Smith and Sir Richard Webster. But as Mr. Asquith said in his brilliant and effective speech, " the full light of a Wednesday afternoon," even us London afternoons are lighted in the month of February, is scarcely suited for the raising of perturbed spirits who should be suffered to sleep with Claverhouse and Torque- mada. We have steadily maintained, in season and out of season, since 1886, that the revolt against Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy was a sham, and that the real meaning of the secession was the disgust of nominal Liberals with genuine Liberalism. Whatever doubt there may formerly have been upon this subject, there can be none now ; for the bulk of the Dissentient Liberals have supported Her Majesty's Government in the advocacy of doctrines which in 1829 Sir Robert Peel and the Duke of Wellington were ashamed to profess. In the Apologising for excluding the Viceroy and the Chancellor from the Catholic Emancipation Act, Sir Robert, who was an infinitely better Liberal than the so-called Liberal Unionist of to-day, adduced the dispensation of ecclesiastical patronage as the sole ground of exception. The Lord Lieutenant of Ireland has no longer any such ambiguous functions to perform, and the Bill itself, even as modified by the proposal of Mr. Campbell-Banner- man, would deprive a Catholic Chan- cellor of all ecclesiastical patronage whatsoever. But the bulk of the Secessionists committed themselves to the theory that a Roman Catholic is by his religious belief, disqualified to serve his country and his Queen. We presume that the resignation of the Home Secretary cannot be long delayed. We differ with Mr. Matthews on ques- tions of Imperial politics. W e have not always been able to approve his honour; and we therefore take it for granted that he will not, for the emolu- ments of office, condone the policy of his colleagues in deliberately insulting his creed. He cannot require to be taught his duty by Mr de Lisle. The Guardian—whom we praise for its fairness—says ; —Just as this sheet appears the House of Commons will be debating Mr. Gladstone's Religious Disabilities Removal Bill. We are sorry that the Government should have decided to give it their opposition. So far as Roman Catholics are prevented from filling these two great offices it is a religious disability, and to maintain two religious disabilities when all the rest have been removed is one of those curious inconsistencies which, one might think, need only to be pointed out to be at once done away with. As a matter of fact, however, they need a good deal more than to be pointed out. It seems necessary that they should be fought over again and again until one day the resistance suddenly col- lapses, and people ask with astonish- ment why it was ever offered. So, no doubt, it will be in the present case. The Bill will be thrown out, and we shall be called on to rejoice over the maintenance of that great constitutional safeguard which permits the Prime Minister, who really has power, to be a Roman Catholic, and then, by way of compensation, insists that two other offices which confer no real power shall be held by Protestants. The Eveniny News and Post says : — Dr. Parker, raising the old mob cry " No Popery," and holding up the Pope to Englishmen as a Bogie of the First Class, is a strange and amusing sight to see in the last decade of the nineteenth century. The Religious Disabilities Removal Bill is the im- mediate cause of Dr. Parker's alarm, supplying him with a text for preaching against a possible renewal of Papal domination over the world. "The late Pope," said the worthy minister of the City Temple, " had been represented by Cardinal Manning as saying that he acknowledged no civil superior, and claimed to be the supreme judge on earth, and director of the consciences of men. Was such a man as that to be, through his agents, Lord Chancellor of England, and Lord Lieutenant of Ireland ?" What fusty old nonsense of ignorant bigotry this is ! Need one point out that one of the distinctive features of modern Roman Catholicism is a keen jealousy of any interference by Pope or priest in matters outside of religion ? It is not so long since the weight of Papal authority was cast against many of the practices of the Parnellities in Ireland — a stronghold of Roman Catholicism — and utterly failed to withdraw the people, devout Catho- lics as nine-tenths of them are, from the cause condemned. Dr. Parker is about two centuries behind his lime when he tries to get Englishmen to take the Papal Bogie man seriously. 