FROM H1MR TO THROSE. A 25EW LIFE OF JESUS THE CHRIST AKD A HISTORY OF PALESTINE A3D ITS PEOPLE. [Bi the Env. T. Be Witt T aim age, D.D.] CtTArTER III.—- ( Coniiiiufd I. It is a noteworthy fact that the belief in the early coming of the Messiah was not entirely confined to Judah, but was conspicuous in the teachings of Eastern sects, being no doubt a transmission of the prophecy of Daniel during the captivity, an inference which we are more ready to assume from the fact that the learned men of the East looked forward to Christ's first appearan2e in the region about Jerusalem. While there was a universality of belief among the Jews] that the sacred advent was near at hand/there was a divisiorfof oninion respecting the character which the Messiah would assume. As already described the rabbis, who composed the learned or Pharisaic class of .lews, gene rally expected His appearance to be made in the person of an all-powerful and self -glorified Prince, whose authority would be immediately ac-lniowledged, and through whom the restora tion of Israel would be at once accomplished. But while the rabbis had formerly been ac cepted as the true successors of the pronhets, and to whom the people looked for an inter pretation of the laws, the immense in fluence which their position gave at length led them to an assumption of political as well as priestly prerogatives, and their devoutness gradually gave place to worldly ambitions. At the time of Christ, therefore, the Phari sees had so greatly degenerated that the very name had become a_ synonym for deceit, flattery, formalism, bigotry, self-complacency, and hynoeriey, though a few there were who still held sacred the faiths of their fathers and whose piety continued unabated. Among such were HiUel, Simeon, Zachariac, Gamaliel, and his pupil Paul. The more davout among the sect, being nearer to the fount of divine wisdom, and with a truer conception of the character and purpose of the promised Messiah, predicted His coming in a form which would prevent any knowledge of His godly attributes until Elias should declare Him to the people. This idea, however, was entertained by very few, though it was the hope of every woman in Israel to become the mother of the liedeemer. So great was this maternal ambition that barrenness was a re proach which, though always so regarded aaiong the Jewish women, was considered a disgrace marking the Divine disfavor at this period, and barren women were therefore held m contempt as victims of an unnatural failing. We have illustrations of the shame which followed barrenness in the apocryphal stories which liave been handed down to us by an cient writers concerning the unfruitf ulness of Anna, the mother of Mary. By these legends it is declared that Mary was the daughter of .Joachim and Auna, simple shepherd folks, who married at an early age and passed the next 20 years bewailing their childlessness. So great was this reproach ujx-n both that it is said Joachim was ordered away from the temple and his offerings refused, while Auna was denied_ association with other women. This exclusion so troubled her heart that she fell into a melancholy which even prayer could not solace. At length, as Anna was weeping one day, her maid came to her with the coii take away her reproach, and instructed her to put on a head-dress and to array herself in her bridal robes and repair to the garden'at the ninth hour. Anna did as she was bid, and taking a place under a laurel tree renewed her prayer to the Lord for offspring, among other things saying 'Woe is me, woe is me, who have no child 1 Why was I born that I should have become accursed before the children of Israel and despised and scorned and driven away from the temple of the Lord my God *' As she was praying an angel came to her and announced the glad tidings that a child should soon be born to her, which came to pass in due time, and, asthe angeliiad directed, the babe was called Mary. When she was one year old the infant was blessed by the priests, and two years later was taken to the Temple and there left with virgins until she was twelve years of age, at- which time it was said she was possessed of unexampled graces and a piety which was never before equalled. She was distinguished for industry, charity, devotion, and modesty, no less than for a melodious voice and a face and form of incomparable beauty. The more exact writers' who |have attempted to describe her person say she was slender and elightly above middle height, with a fair complexion, blonde hair, rich hazel eyes, ruddy hps, and hands of a daily beauty, while her speech was so gentle and winning that the world might weff pause to listen while she spoke. All this may be tradition, for it is so said, but as the Mother of Jesus we can only picture her to our mind's vision as an embodiment of all that is beautiful ; an incarnation of every charm that draws us affectionately to woman kind ; with voice tenderer than the dove's and sweeter than lute strings struck with practised hands ; with tresses rivalling the waves of im prismed light ; with eyes that melted into love, and mouth that opened with orisons, and cheeks that caught tfie blushes of early morn ing, and brow- that bore the signet of God ; a blessed being, giving intimation of the be wildering witchery of oeteatial spirits, the choir invisible Ohaptkk IV. — The An--ki. Proj-het. We now approach an era wondrous for the phenomena, natural and supernatural, which distinguished it. The culmination of Herod's reign in a cloud of terror was not the moat remarkable feature attendant ujjob the induc tion of the Christian age, for there were por tents of a surprising nature to emphasise the *wpectatio*i of the Lord's speedy coming. The hosts of heaven were singing hallelujahs while burnishing their corselets, and fiends of dark ness were marshalling their forces for a combat iviOi the celestial army ; a great battle was to he fought, \vjth the rarth this time as a battle ffionnd, and each side had out recruiting officers to bring into the ranks every soul that could lift an arm or £ai&e; a voice. Devils were unloosed and w.«a»t rioting up and down every highway, fixing the oii-wsry, overturning haf lowr-o1 institutions, exritiitg the desperati, adding frfOiKy to diabolism, and sovvtng broad cast thn taw* of aiu£Fe!~.y io SRse&£rtiW«» minds. stuibrowed, ifcs eolar-erowned. the?; light* raimented hosts oi the kingdom* ofv perpesaa,! day. - - Angel bands were resting behind breast works of opalescent cloud, with their ewords gleaming like rays flashed up from the sea when the flood of a morning sun first strikes it. Divine dragoons picketed the Holy Land, ready of foot or swift-moving wings to lend instant aid, while celestial messengers brought every fpart of Judah into communication, every soul of holiness into rapport, every angel band into action against the powers of | Satan. The contest was to be between the fiends of death and the radiant hosts of eternal life, where the victory should bring a shroud or a crown, a tear or a laugh, a lost world or a glorified kingdom, a hell of anguish or a heaven of perennial joy ; and the angels sang, and the light of dawn uprose over the sacred mountains of Palestine, trembling like a mil lion lances in the rush of a charge, and there was a great voice as of the sea and the hills rolled together, ' Prepare ye the way for Him who cometh to give you victory over the grave.' This voice of promise still rings down the centuries, from out the wilderness, from over the embrasures of Zion, from hilltop of universe to valley of planet, across the bndge that spans the holy age and the present civilisation, from hut to cxtbedi'al, from the Plutonian shore to the great heart ofre juvenated humanity ; and devils are in banish ment, fiends of darkness are back in their deepest caverns death itself retired b? fore that cry, we feel the thrill of its echoes transmitted through the chain that binds the world to gether and through the ties that connect gene ration with generation, awl through the bond that unites us with God. The first heavenly manifestation made to the people of Jerusalem, and which gave bold an nouncement of the speedy coming of the Messiah — the first wonderful revelation which v.-as the beginning of a series of miracles that brought the world into the Divine presence — occurred in the Holy Temple under circum stances which singularly impress us with the favor in which God still held that ancient shrine, profaned as it had been by a thousand excesses, a thousand crimes, and the sasrilege of its priestly votaries, and the kingly volvmtuaries which enriched themselves bv the spoliation of its treasures. But sacrilege of hypoeritPS and plunder of kings had not wholly destroyed the germ of righteousness, which was still nourished by a few devout priests who kept fresh the zeal of the old prophets, and were still longing, ever hopeful, firm-believing in an early fulfilment of the Messianic prophecies. The temple had been recently enlarged and finished in a style of grandeur surpassing even Solomonic magnifi cence by the munificentexpendituresof Herod, who sought by this exhibition of favor to the Jewish religion to free himself from the hatred and loathing of his subjects. But though gilded by impious hands the Temple was dedicated to God, and the service therein was performed by a holy order of the priesthood ; hence in this sanctuary, which held the fading glory of Judah, was given a manifestation of the Divine presence and a prophecy which in its fulfilment would bring the world to repent ance. TIJE ASGEl/S ANNUNCIATION., The Jewish religion wasalvvays distinguished for impressive ceremonial, and the services performed in the Temple were a very elaboration of formulary blended with the spestacular. Sacrifices constituted a prime essential of Hebraic worship, and on such occasions as the celebration of the Passover and Day of Atone ment, in addition to other ceremonials, sacrifices were offered at both the morning and evening services. So numerous and exacting were the duties of the Temple priests that a great number were employed, who, however, served in turn, coming from all parts of Judah and being housed in the Temple during the short periods of their respective ministrations. Among the lower class of priests was oue Zacharias, whose home was near Hebron, an aged man with a wife named Elizabeth, who had never borne any children. As barrenness was a reproach among the Jews, as already explained, Zaeharias and Elizabeth, like others of their people who felt the humiliation of childlessness, bewailed their misfortune, and though both were now grown old they had not yet passed tlfiit age when expectation and prayers for froitfulness were abandoned. Zacharias was called to perform a priestly ofiice in the Temple, and at a casting oHota, as was customary, the duty fell to him of placing incense on the coals of the altar of sacrifice and then returning from the sanctuary to the awaiting worshippers outside, whom, he was to lead in prayer or dismiss with, benediction. This duty was considered so sacred and tho honor of its execution so great that no priest might perform it more than once, hence he to whom the office chanced by lot to fall was esteemed most highly blessed. In the minis trations which Zacharias was thus called to perform he had an assistant who heaped up the coals on the altar while incense was being sprinkled on the flames, which 3eut tip a cloud of fragrance typical of the prayers that were now to be offered up to Jehovah by all devout Jews wherever they might be gathered.. This being done the assistant retired, leaving the priest before the veil of the Ho5y of Holies jn prayer for the restoration of Israel through the power of the promised Messiah. As_ Zacharias stood praying before the altar, sending up a soulful invocation for the redemp tion of his people from their sins, as well as from the oppression of their Roman masters, and adding a supplication that God might be pleased to take away the reproach of his child lessness, in the midst of his fervid petitioning he was arrested by the sight of a wondrous vision. Was it a vision or creation 'i Was it the materialisation of pious ambition or a fantasy of the mind weakened by religious asceticism? Was it the bloom of unwearying prayer and hope, or the blasted bud of crushed aspiration? Perhaps Zaeharias himself doubted the reality of his angelio visitor, but from out a dreamy comprehension the holy priest awakened to a true perception of his celestial visitor. There, on the right side of the altar, at the place of honor, stood the radiant form of the great archangel GabrieL who, to give substance to the day-dream of Zaeharias, and to declare his Divine mission, thus spoke — 'Fear not, Zacharias; for thy prayer is heard ; and thy wife Elizabeth shall bear a son, and thou shalt call his name John. ' And thou shalt have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth. For he shall be great in the sight of the Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink ; and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost even from his mother's womb. ' And many of the children of Israel shall he turn to the Lord their God. -And he shall go before Him in the spirit and power of Elias to turn the hearts of the parents to the children, and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just ; to make ready a people prepared for the Lord.' What impression these words made upon Zacharias is indicated by his reply. Evidently still doubting the substantiality of the vision, but catching a glimpse, through his excited mentality, of the celestial personality, he ven tured to enquire, ' Whereby shall I know this?' Now was Gabriel's opportunity to nrove to the half- dreamine wriest the veritv of the sacred presence, which he embraced by saying, 'Thou shalt be dumb and not able to speak until the day that these things shall be performed, because thou belie vest not my words.' The evidences of the senses now came full upon Zacharias, for on the instant his tongue lost its cunning, and wiien the angel diappeared and Zachanas came out of the Temple to the long-waiting people, who lingered to receive his blessing, ne was voiceless and trembling with the excitement of exultation. By signs only was he able to make known to the worshippers what had befallen him, and after dismissing them, his two weeks of minis tration being ended, he left Jerusalem and hastened back to his home, in the region of Hebron, to acquaint Elizabeth with the an nouncement of the Divine herald. In the quiet retreat of that happy mountain home the aged priest and hia wife dwelt in pious communion until the appointed time, when Elizabeth was delivered of a son whom she called John ; but her relatives remonstrated against this departure from the almost invari able custom of naming the first born male child after the father, and hence they insisted that the babe should be called Zaeharias. The matter was at length referred to Za-charias, who, being yet speechless, asked for writing material, which being given him he signified his preference by writing the name John, and so the babe was named. Immediately the tongue of Zacharias was loosed and he 'fell to uttering praises to God and to prophesying the speedy coming of the Messiah, and that John should be a forerunner of the Cm-ist calling the world to repentance, saying — 'And thou, child, shall be called the prophet of the Highest ; for thou shalt go before the fsce of the Lord to prepare His ways. To give knowledge of salvation unto His people by the remission of their sins, through the tender mercy of our God.' rvo xuriner nienmon is niaue oi joua oeyonc the announcement that he waxed strong and retired into the wilderness to prepare himself for the ministry until the day of his issuing forth in the full strength of manhood and spiritual outpouring as a niighty'evangelist pre paring the way for Jesus, whom ha came to declaiv. (To he continued.) 