CONVICT DAYS' VAN DIEMAN’S ii^ND. TEUE CHBOHIOfcESi 'ill, V.UiHlii Ho. 5, a btbatiob moni. Ta she first incident descried in those Chronicler,The'Wrecl. ol thoUnther ” it mentioned that .-.when Cbic -ollicet E'isinasse vent into tho hold. « the fast -ia*dnzsh;p to tpscac any probable ourvivors, eras shoot returning on deck « ion lie saw a hind threat oat of Hie dark 'VQtor. “"d *»izi3e it he fonnd that it 'J'3" t,lak of « ? - - -who, with the other hand, had 'Som,in.W(iO,wu» w’" •“«*»»«* ;->hs heid of a young [n:in- U’J‘I! "fero t;lkcn C?t and placed in the boat, (in.’ :";r,GrtFretat £ :u:uity animation was re.detca in both the ceiriv drowned persons. Toe man was a convic1, bid who tho woman was no one could toll, bio was not a traasoortee, neither was «’** %.“?0 Pa9; w-ger and the only concision that could hi artiV.d at was that she was a stowaway, bn: bow she got on board and concealed her 5=!! so long was a mystery. "*Th» =uddcn sinking ol the ship revealed one of the strangest etorieu ol woruan a de votion it is possible to conceive, and it is here given just as it happened, except, for obvious reasone, tho real names are with in the County of Galway, Ireland, there lived, in the beginning of tho present century, a titled family named O’Gormon. Certainly the title was not recognised by FmgUoh law, for Baron O’Gormon prided himself that it had been in the family before the English set foot in Ireland, and that his. ancestry dated back to kings, and long -anterior to the rroti'ieaS families on the otlisr side of tho channel. In short, the O Garmon, of the year 1600, was infinitely niora proud and poor than his ancestor of a osntury or two previously. In 1S10 ho had a daughter born to him, whom ha christened Nora, and this girl, though she had the courage and determina tion of her father, had a good deal of her mother’s mild and lovable nature. She was brought tip, as beseemed the heiress of tho grand old line of the O’Gormon?, for, as the Tears rolled on and no further oliildren were born, it seemed probablo th3t such would be her destiny. He father never failed to im press on ber the pride ol ancsstryrb_ut-, as re sults showed, love bad a stronger influence over Nors than a genealogical tree as high as ihe giant gum ct Mouut Baw Bair. A: eighteen years of age she had suitors for her hand, but she eared for none of them. Her father had selected as her future hus band a young squire named O’Donneli, but his advances were very coldly received. In lSii'.i, when Miss X.iru was is her nine teenth year, a yonng follow nsmed Paul Madden, the son of a produce mirohant in Dublin, came to the district as asiistant to a surveyor, who was teaching him that pro fession. There was nothing prtioularly striking about him. He had a frank faoo and blue eyes, was above the medium height, and fairly well educated. He certainly was not handsome, but when Nora (uho was tho belle of the county) saw him, sia'met her , fate. ' . ■ i As yonng people will, they found oppor- ( tunitie3 of meeting, and soon it was whie- E pered about that Madden was die man. ’ ( These whispers reached the ears oIO’Gorrnon j himself, and the old man nearly ventfrantio j with rage. That this sou of a potato hack ster, or pork butcher, or whatever he was should marry the last of the O'Gotmons was { —was—well, it was something so outrageous £ that Nora’s father aould not find an ap- t propriate expression for it. I He threatened bis daughter with all kinda t of terrible menaces if she did n"t at once a banish from her mind all thoughts of the _ low churl. Bujt.Nnrn.-lui.'J | u ntrriu, ana ao what nno could—-tuc ohe - wanted to obey her father, if possible—she v could not offace Paul MsddeuVimage fr0m ' her heart. Mrs. O’Gormon wisolyjold her c daughter to please herself, but the parish E priest was called in to' counteract \ the mother’s lukewarmness on the important , subject. 1 It must be admitted that he did not ^ back up the O’Gormoh with muoh zeal^but he ( pointed out that obedience to parents was the ( first duty of a child. - i Then, can’t I obey tny mother, ^ your reverence?” naively asked the youngjgirl. “ Ahem 1” coughed Father Donaghy at this. “ I hope, my child, you will bs.able to obey both ol them.” There was very little hope of that, ana so mstters went on for six months without her seeing Madden. At the end of that time she lost her best friend on earth—for her mother passed away in her forty-sixth year. ■>- . Madden was still in tho neighborhood, and, as fate would hove it, eha met him ac cidentally ; all the old love returned, and Bhe promised to marry him when of age. The Buooessful suitor had many enemieB, and one of these aonveyed tho newB of the meeting to O’Gormon, bat ho wob too late, for Nora had told him all herself, and the sosne that ensued may bo better imagined than desoribedi Squire O'Donnell and himself decided that the marriage must be stopped, and the male volent young man laid a wicked plot to get rid of his rival. v At that time there was a seoret Hoaiity in Ireland called the Ribbonmen. It partook something of the character of the Fanian organisation of latter days. According to British law memhorahip of the Ribbonera’ Society was a oapital offenoo, and many of tbom wore executed. O'Donnnll was a prominent momhoj, and ho determined to wcavoa wob round Madden and denounce him to tho authorities. | It is not onr purpose to enter into tho details of the plct hore, suflicient to say that by means | of paid omissarios snllicient ovidencSj. was j collected to induco the yonng equifo tjo'de- j nonooe his rival ns a Ribbonman. Ho did so, ! and Madden was arrested. The trial qame | on at the following assizes, and though Madden had ths bsst’of counsel he wos found guilty. A doubt lingered in the judge’s mind, and the young man got tho benefit of it in tha sentenos, which was seven years transportation to Van Dioman’s Land. Next day he was taken away to Cork, where the Panther was to oall for him and many other convicts. , , , „ The trial and its results nearly broke Nora O'trormon’e heart, for ohe knew that Madden was innocent. Two days after the tnnl her father was handed a letter, signed " Nora,” in which the writer stated pathetically that Madden had taken her heart away to Van Dieman’s Land, and ehe was going there to find it. As tho oholerio old man rend the note and comprehended its significance his face grew Tjurole, he staggered n few steps, and then fell heavily on tho floor. An attendant ran in, bat it was too late. The last of the O'Gor. mons was dead. A stroke of apoplexy had emitteu him, and Nora waB heiress of his lineage ami property. If he had lived another day it is quite oertain he would have altered k"aieanwhile, Nora, with her Blender stock of money, was speeding towards Cork as fast us she could in thoSB days of eta- jo ’coaches. Bh8 had no fixed idea in her mind, only that she wanted to see her lover ouoo again. As she journeyed aiohp, however, tho idea en tered her head that it might bo possible to go lithe penal settlement in tho co.nviot ship. She little knew the horror ot such h voyage. The dreary Voyage to Cork at last came to an etid. and then ehe learned that tho prisoners were confined at Spike Inland, in the harbor, and that the Panther had not yet arrived. She pondered over her course of notion until her brain was in a whirl, an she mado enquiries without end about onnviot the' discipline and arrangements o.i and everything perUm.rg to I mm. uu tiiterwards stood her in gxm facilitated her plans. She learned that tin. Pahther would slay some davs in barbo ; and at last site made up her mind to »!«"“ , ntowaway on hoard the ship, hue ■! oht her plana to a nicety, and one oldt-. whoth she met on the quay, had onco eerica | oh the Pantheri > ,T.h?8 £arra*oas old fellow took a delight in telling the handsome young lady all about ! tbo vessel. He described it from sterm to stern, and Nora drank in every word until ! » Bho had a mental plan ot the ship. She knew where the convicts were placed, and most important of all, where the provisions were kept. She made up her mind that if she could oot get food a few days after the ship eailed, she would ehow herself, and ask the captain to bring her on, which he most likely would po, as ifc would be very awkward to land her. She bought a hnge carpet beg, and filled 3 this with clothing, cordials and food until t she could scarcely carry it, The Panther r arr^ed in a few days, and all was excite f ment; It was understood that she would remain three days, and then resume her ' voyage. I /-The evening of the second day, the young , £ir* was on the quay with her well-filled bag. 1 l -*-hsre waa a number of people passing to and i i ^ ffom the Panther. The vessel looked . gloomy enough, which was in keeping with j i her Gar£° of sin and misery, and many a heart she carried on board, whose owners ! ! )VGrG weeping and sorrowing in England, . Ireland and Scotland. . ^ length a well-manned boat of blue jackets put oft from the ship, and Nora saw , .J^r?'as bringing the captain and one of the oliicera on-shore. Her time had now come. \\\ Jth palpitating heart Ehe hailed a skiff that was plying for hire, and asked to be taken to the Panther. This was soon done, and the gul s heart almost failed her as ehe was as sisted on board with her heavy parcel. As she stepped on board, an ofiicer came to her and politely asked what he could do. “ I wish to see the captain, if you please,” she answered, with a smile, (women are champion deceivers, if they please,) He has just gone ashore, 1 am sorry to eay.M J “I am a friend of his, and have brought u uS°me thine0>” went on, pointing to the bag. *• He will not be long, I am sure, as he expected me, Gould I not wait in his cabin until his return.” Tbo speaker was handsome, well-dressed, a lady without doubt, and a friend of the captain. " Of course, you ein. I will couduot you there., ’ was the ready answer. Laft alone in the cabin, she at once started operations. Guided by the knowledge she possessed aha made her way to the stern end of the ship, and, descending a companion way, found herself near the store-room : the door was open and an immense quantity of provisions and casks were in the place. It was an unusual place to stowaway, but as ifc turned out she eeleotcd the best possible quarter of the ship, She had no diiliculty in finding a Eecure hiding place, and by means of canvas ehe made it fairly comfortable, although ehe was not thinking much of that. The upper part of the ship appeared to be de Eertea, as most of the men had gone on The excitement and fatigue of what she had recently undergone overcame her, and, sinking into a deep sleep, she did not awake until the dim light told her it was morning. Her heart heat with joy, for she knew by the motion of the vessel that it was. under weigh. Hays went by like this, nnd then sue began to feel the strain of the close confine ment. Getting bo der ns time went on, she took all fcha exercise she oould within her narrow limits. She lost count of the days, but she thought two months had gono by, and one morning she heard the purser in the store-room telling someone that sickness had broken out amongst the conviots below. This almost drove her mad, as her first thought was of Madden, and she would have given the world, if she owned it, to know if ho wero roally More weeks passed, and thea she took a desperate resolve. Several suits of sailor’s olothe3 weto in the store-room, and one of these she donned. Certainly, Bho did not look much like a sailor, but, if not ecrutinieed too closely, she would paaa muster. For several nights she was baulked of hor pur pose bv the door boing locked^but at length it Was left open, and aha passed out. She "wont along until &bo; came to the companion way, and then boldly deaaondod to the lower Faint lights were burning at one end, nnd she went timidly towards them. It was, as she had suspected, the hos pital. . She peeped in. Two or three convict attendants were the only moving occupants. The crew and officers did not care to visit this plague Tiio rough attendants scarcely looked at her bb she walked along the row ol stretchers seek ing the faoe she wished, yet dreaded, to see. It was not there, and with a joyful heart she returned to her hiding-place. Time flew on, and something impelled her to again visit the hospital. This time Bhe found her lover in the crowded lazar house, raving in delirium and calling fcr Nora, and Bhe was standing by his side. She never forgot the anguish of that time. Night after night she visited him, bringing him little drinks from the cordials she had in her bag. No one noticed her ; they ssemed dazed. She was in her hiding-place attired in her proper costume, for she had heard it said the night previously that land would be reached soon, whan Bhe felt the vessel quiver aud next moment she was thrown on her faao. Rising inBtantiy, Ehe rushed out of the store room for the hospital, and as she went along she knew by the indescribable confuBion thftt something serious had happened. The oonvicts were rushing madly about aB she entered the hospital. “ The vessel is sink ing,” ehe heard on every hand. Standing at the bedside of Paul Madden, shs prayed that he might yet be spared her, and there she stood until the water 03me rushing in. At last, endowed with a strength, not her own, she lifted tha wasted form in her arms and oarried him out. The rising waiera soon overtook them, but she still held to the man I she loved, and how they were saved has ol I ready been told. j When they wero brought ashore, nt Sul 1 livan’s Cave, Madden was taken to the con 1 vict barracks and placed in the hospital at tached to it, whilst Nora O’Gorman was taken charge of by the kind-hearted wife of tho captain, who commanded the vessel which saved them. It was ft hard battle with death that both of them fought. The terrible etrnin which followed tho committal of her sweetheart in Ireland was inteusiliod by the extraordinary voyage which the girl had made ae a stow away and its disastrous ending. She was within an ace of being drowned when she was rescued, and that, added to the other hardships, brought on s violent fever. The fine climate of Hobart Town, however, as sisted her, and after weeks, hovering be tween life and death, she gained the viotory and gradually regained her health. Paul Madden was quite as near death. The immersion he had reeeived after his long attack of fever brought on a relapse, and the treatment of the gaol hospital was not of a character to assist him back to health. The bedding, medicine and attendance were of the vilest, and it was little short of a miracle that he rallied. The thought ibat tho girl he loved so dearly was neaT him seemed to give him su perhuman strength to combat tho disease, however. When Nora O’Gorman was able to. get about,, Ijer first thoughts were of Madden. The captain made enquiries for her, and found thnt he was alive and working at the coni mines, and a week after the girl went to sso him, and nearly fainted when she beheld the wreck ho was. Through the eaptain'B aid she managed to get an interview with the governor, and told him the whole history. When Governor Arthur heard her story he obtained a free pardon for Madden, who re covered. The couple were married at Hobart Town, and their "descendants still hold the ancestral home in Galway,_ Next week “The Ghost of Headman'a. j Isle ” will appear, and will continuo the j series o! Convict Chronicles. This lovely j isle was, and is, the burial place of Port j Arthur prison. It is the last quiet resting-j | place o£ many of the worst seronndrels the | j old country ever produced, and also of j | many who really were not scoundrels at j 1 all. 1 