Social. :La.T>Y Hopotoun,. noaompivniod by, lilio Hon, M, •North,' Mrs, Hood, Qnpfmln. Hood nnd OnplKiin Walling ton, visited Mr, Judo's entertainment on Friday, June 33\. On Saturday Lady Hopotoun, nceompanied by Lady Chariot Scott and Captains Wellington and Willotighby and-Mr. Tlalston, attended Sir Charles and Lady Ifnllu s o mcert. 'I'll 13 JIuiiso party at Government House, Melbourne, this week includes :—Lord and Lady Charles Scott, Lord Boss more, Capt. Barlow, Lieut. It1 it'/.gerald, Mr. Bnllen and Mr. ltobinson. LAT>y M'.T.I wraith has issued cards for a dance this evening, Juno 10, at her r sidoncc at Auchenflower, Bvishane, which will be au event of great social interest. Mits. Godroy Mackiunon, who has been spending a week in Melbourne, has returned to her station in \- New South Wales. Mus. William Miller has issued invitations to an " At Home" on Juno 20. This Mayor of South Melbourne and Mrs. White have issued invitations to a large ball on Wednesday, July s. Thh oponing night of the second series of the Fitzroy Quadrille Glub Is Used for Tuesday next, in the Odd follow s Hall, Swnnston-strcot. Lk Petit Valet is the name of a French comedy in three acts which will be performed by the pupils of Mademoisolle Pignolob at the Prabran Town Hall on Tuesday evening, Juno SO, The performance is in aid of the St. Ivilcla Benevolent Socioty, and is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Jjady Hopotoun. After the comedy a musical programme has been arranged, in which Sigtior da Reaupuis and Mr. '1'hoo. Liabe will take part. Mns, Margarot MoOrnckon, of " Carlosbrao," Loslie roacl, Hssondon, is making extensive arrangements for holding a bazaar at an early date. The prooeeds are to bo givon totho Hssondon cricket, bowling and tennis el ub. . This mombors of St. Mary's Catholic Young Men's Society holcl tho third soolal of the prosont season on Tuesday next, Juno 21), in the Town Hall, North Mel bourne, Tho succeeding socials will bo hold on tho fourth Tuesday in July, August and September. Tims return ball to the Mayor of Northcote and Mrs. Goorgo Plant will be held iu tho Town Hall, North cote, on Wodnosclay, July 8, - This festivity is to tako the place of tho ball which-whs postponed in May last year owing to tho • serious dllnoss of tho Mayor, who has now .completely recovered. 1 ■ Miss Hay, oldest daughter of Mr. Alexander Hay, of Linden, and Miss Nellie Wright, of North Adelaide, Avero amongst tlie'^Jyirtrt/zto at Lady Kintoro's ball at Qovornmont Houso, Adelaido, last we.k, J: Miss Mais ami Miss Elorrlp Mais loft Melbourne on a.vislt 'to friends In- Adelaide,on Friday last, Juno J 2. Miss Fiorrio Mala has only just " pome out,'!, and was amongst tho' pretty dohutantos at Government House .Ball inst woolc,-. Miss" Florrie Mais'wora on [that ooca sion a protty oo3tiuue of wliito Burah trimmed with HUes-of-the-vaUoy, hhd unvriod a most lovoly bouquet, 'V'* ijiV*"' V is : 'r ■; . ••• \ s„ • ^ MISSAmy Hogg qi' <,f,Centra," ahftpei-stroob, Hast :-,Sfc. K(ld«,,roturnod, last woult, from Sydney aftor a "throe .months'. ,'v is!b. ,(Hor, departure from Sydney was muoh regroltocl, its' she wits a groat favorite 'in soolal. airaios, both for her "bright nmhnor and roally elegant1 and beautiful appenranoo, 'j '• Tififlv Unitod '■Auoiorit Ordor of.' Druids' hold 'dliuir ■ aolotiration sooial at tho - Masonic ■' Hall; 'GoUihs-stroofc, on the ovoning of Friday, <fnno 12 ft was" well attendee), and a most enjoyable evening was spent. The floor as is usual at this hall wis in splendid con dition, and the music was excellent. There was no attempt whatever at decoration, but since the addition of the balcony it does not seem so necessary, as that to a certain extent tabes oiT the bare appearance of the walls. The dressing on the whole wns not good, and showed the effects of the late strike. There were however some very attractivodresses worn,notably: Miss Brenan, lemon-colored mervoilleux and chiffon. Miss Olio Curtis, pale pink satin and lace. Miss Doolan, Tasmania, white mcrveilloux and Tosca net, trimmed with pearls. Miss Wilson, Tasmania, black silk and Tosca net. Miss IC. Brenan looked well in a pretty frock of terra cotta liberty silk. Miss M. Jones, black silk and net. Miss Mullen, cream veiling, buttercup ribbon, Tosca girdle. Miss L. Coop," black silk and Tosca net ; diamond ornaments. Mrs. F. W. James, white silk and jewelled not. Miss M. Sykcs wore a pretty and becoming gown of cream figured delaine. Miss E. Bloomiield, cream liberty silk. Mrs. lb M'Kean wore an effective gown of eau-de-nil veiling, trimmed with brocaded ribbon. Miss Walsh, butter cup veiling and black velvet. Miss. M. Walsh, can-dc nil Tosca net, velvet bodico and train. The East Melbourne Bicycle Club held on Friday last, Juno 12, ono of thoir enjoyable assemblies at the Manchester Unity Hall, Swanston-stroot, which proved hardly large enough for the number who attended. The floor was splendid, as was also tlio music. Tho dresses were all so pretty that it was diflleult to make a selection. Tho most noticoable, liowovor, wore—Miss C, Boll, vleux rose shot silk, trimmed with fisherman's net. Miss Cutter, black not skirt, spangled with'gold, blaok velvet bodice with deep Y front, and back of gold passemonterio. Mis3 Scheelo, wliito silk odgod with feather trimming; the bodice was finished with silver ornaments and silver Tosca girdlo. Miss 0. Bagnoll, black volvot and jot. Miss M. Allen, maize colorod dolaino and chiffon. Miss Earight, pale pink mervoilleux and cream chiffon, gondolier sash edged with poarl3. Miss Young, oau do nil figured Hborty silk. Miss K. Young, oroam lace, trimmed with lemon colorod liberty silk. Miss N. Wing, lemon colored lace and silk. Mrs. Horrigan, black morvoillonx and not. M.ns. James Richmond gave a grand ball at her residoneo, " Soutndoan," Toorak, on the evoning of Friday, Juno 12.' Thoro woro about 500 guests pre sent, who danced to tdio strains of Horr Flock's splendid band of fourtoon porformers in a largo floored marquee oroctod for tho purposo. Tho suppor loolcod and was really magnificent. Tho grounds woro splondidly illuminated with fairy lamps, and the dooorntions of the interior woro beautiful. Many handsome drossos wore worn ; among tho most admired woro: Mrs, Richmond, trained gown, of blaok volvot ; diamond ornaments. Miss Richmond, white faillo frock, trimmod with HUos-of-tho valley, Mrs. Murray Jones, beautiful trained gown of ivory whito silk ; diamond ornaments. Mrs. S. M'Arthur, wliito corded silk and ohiffon. Mrs. Harloy Honty, petti-' coat of pale bluo silk with train of black velvet, MissB. Ma'idment, blue Hborty silk. Miss A. Moin, salmon pink silk, trimmings of swansdovn. Miss Miller (Kow), simplo frook of white silk and ohiffoo. Miss Alioo Robertson, (TooraK), handsome buttoroup gown. Miss Bobortsoe, palo green silk and ohiffon. Miss Maude Carrie, white silk. Miss. W.' Cnldor, lovely gown in pale sWdo of pink. Miss Bat tray, pale bl uo silk and tullo. Miss E. Bennett, whito silk gown, bodico riohly trimmed with jowollod braiding! Miss Jonos, blaok volvot. Miss E. Jones, whito brooado. Miss Alico Muir, blue Hborty silk and ohiffon. Miss is ken, blaok volvot, bodloo, trimmings of turquoise bluo. Mrs. Powoiy ivory.tvhito faillo, jowo loci trim mings, Mrs, W. Baylos, boautiful gown in whito and gold brooado. Mrs, Emory Gould, blaok trained gown, Miss Kato Frasor, pvotty frook of pink silk, garland of rosos on skirt and bodico. Miss Williamson', white sillc, On the following aftomoou, Saturday, Juno 111, Mrs. Richmond roooivod hor juvonl.o frlonds, and in the ovoning she gave a clanoo- to all tho Hurrouuding sorvants. Thoro woro botnvoon -10 and 50 eouplos, and all aoomod to onjoy thomsolvos vory muoh, Mr. H. Clarke is arranging a will bo hold in tho town hall M;"l i °CU 4 Thursday, June 25, Weld of the fu„Y rl^H Church. The following is ,he pvngl,"nl '^ Overture ... "Marco Spada/ Malvern Orchestra A Song ... ... "The Ferryman,"' Mr, Goo. " Duct "The Moon has liaised Her Lamp Abn«.» „ Dr. O'Hara and Mr. Li„ekor ' Recitation ... " The Legend of the lvVj,;' Mr. Innes Nonil. Waltz Song ... "IlBaeio," Mrs. Stanley. '' SonS "My Friend." ... . Mr, G onion. Fart Song " The old Romance," ,v,w/ifj Double Quartette Party, ' Selection - ■*... "Faust," Malvern Orchestra. Song ... ... "Wither Away?" J "• f/i) Mr. Lineker. Song ..." An' Yo shall Walk in Silk Autre," j«a| Miss Godfrey. Selection ... «Silllcuse," Mr. Plumpton, Song ... " I Ariso from Dreams of Thee," ... ,v(,|( Dr. O'Hara. Duet ... -J ... " The Sailor Sighs," • Mrs. Clarice and Mr. Gordon. Fait Song... "Tho Stars that Abovo TJsarcShinin* Doublo Quartette Party. March ... ... " Uhlans'Call," Malvern Orchestra. Mosdames Chalmers and Baggo will act in ac panists. A Cojri'ANV numborlng about !100, principally la assomblod in tho hall of " The SoagulIs" Ohdi at I ITouso, Albort Park, on Tuesday, Juno l(i, ami pas: most enjoyable evening. Tho hall and approaches tastofully dccoratod, and Mr. Percy A. Cox, !h>> getic honorary secretary of the club, had arrans very attractive programme oi' ontortainment fm '• ladles' night," Among tlio vocalists, first nur montionod Mr. T. Bergin, whoso rendering of Tar's Homo" and "Tho Silant Toast" greatlydelig the audlenoo. Mr. J, Wainwrlght sang ''The Mi and " The Vampire" in good stylo, and liearlyapp followod. Mr. J. A, John sang "A VUmi" " Tho Villago Blacksmith," tho former tho moro pleasing of tho two, Mr. H. Will who possesses a very sweet voice, rendered ■'Tone ITarp Gently, My.Frothy Loulao" ell'uetively, mu F, J. La Novou sang " Queen of tho Faith" with taste. Mention must also bo made of tho pie manner in which tho duet " Flow Qontly "eva ronderocl by Mossra, Fottago and Wnhunigh, vory clover publlo onlortalnor, Mr. Cecil lo" kopt tho andlonoo in continual laughter fit minutos. Tho spoooh of tho bridegroom at tho we breakfast was oxaallaiit. Several rocltnlimn given. Mr, A. G . Staph rondorod " Tho Sort Cup Story" ,ln good stylo, and Mr, W. I1''1'" tho ladles Into roara of laughter with yarn of "Jamie Butlor and tho Owl. number ou"lho program mo which oausod tho g'< merriment of the evening was Mr, IV, song, "The Ghost of Benjamin hints," '»re3 to an oncoro ho gava " Oil I • What an M,e™ whioh was almost equally amusing. ^0SI,'S' and Lo Novou convulsad tho nudiouco^ ronderlng of " Listen to my Tale of Woo, 1 '• Lo wis'violin solo, and Mr. Adams' hnuj° 8(1 ° mention, , Mr. Frod, li'olaud was tho a°°01" tho evening. Tj.uo lifo .of a rural odltor, flays tlio J<™1( . Y/vww, Is not always one of mipr0 f°j]icr bo Last week wo woro throatouod by a of ,an omission to mention tlio nrrlva ° nflUfl . _ i had «lnl In his house. Two hours later an (l(pll)'!^(; donounood tho Pomona proas baciatieo ^J tho prlvaoy and sanotlty of h|J ''""'^oilior published tho fact that ho was fat"01 