BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. The Presbyterian Council to consider the trial of the Rov. Charles A. Briggs fotf hfe'tewvy mot nt tho old Scotch Church on Moiidayj mid after much consideration, a great deal of wliitih tfnS OH tlie north side of friendly, .011 Tuesday arrived at fcfie ooricliisiort that,as the discussion was likely to be heftted? they had better postpone it till November, when tlio excitement of the election was pver and there was, a probability of . the thermometer reaching 30 degrees. One of' the reliable newspapers hero', in giving the report of Monday's proceedings, stated that Dr. Booth called - Professor Clark a liar. Doctor Booth.rose to a questioned privilege. OiiTtiesday and declared that ho had never said nnytiung of tll'J kind J when he did say was, that Professor Cliirit'bftd iifjt told the truth ; so it appears then that ho wished him to be considered a liar in a Pickwickian ;sense. Professor Clark accepted his reverend brother's explanation, but seemed to have an utter contempt for his logic. Professor Briggs addrossed the council on Tuesday and was listened to with ftreat attention, but from tho whiapors' heard on every side there is no more doubt of his conviction than that the sun' shines. But Union Theological Seminary etands back of her recalcitrant soii like a wall of ateel and endorses his famous pro* nunciarnento notwithstanding the protest of the.Pan Council and tho Westminister Con fession. Since firat this question was agitated, tilings havo taken i'rtthel' a queer turn, and it is safe to say if the matter' ttero left en tirely to the clergy, the whole tiling Would be allowed to drop out of sight and Doctor Briggs would never be tried, but the balance of power is in tho hands of the lay delegates, and they to a man are in favor of pushing Doctor Briggs to tho wall. Biblical scholars in the Presbyterian church and out of it have long been. aware of errors and incon sistencies that h/ivo boen engrafted in the sacred book by imperfect translation and still mors imperfect human execution, which led by tho common Consent of the Evange lical churches ; to h Scholastic examination and corrcction of ^ hat was kfiown as King James'Biblo, a number of years ago. SofnO of tho ablest Bible scholars of the age wete engaged in the work, but to this day it has 'never mot, in the church or out of it, a general nccopfcanco. As I moved about among the delegates and hoard their expres sions t'of opinion, I could not keep from . thinking of Tolti Hood'* immortal lines : ' i ■ " Alas for the rarity Of Christian charity.". . r Two revetend brothers ■ frorii tho interior of tho StatS #efe tontb'rsifig ttfgethfer' in li very excited manner. " One, whose fiitie ftria clr-an shaven, of long lank, visage, with jaws as hard as steol, said : ' Brother B, we.don't . .want any atheists or infidels in the Presby terian church; let him get out where he belongs, and if he don't, we'll drive liim outl1 ' That's the talk,' replied Brother B, shaking his friend warmly by tho hand, ' I'm with you evory time.' With such a spirit as this it is evident that the fight will be to the death. It is fortunate for Professor Briggs thtit !jb lives in Hew York and in tho nine teenth eeiitury, Hi might share the fate of Scrvitus in Geneva or John iltiss in the market-placo of Constance. Not the least important meeting of tho weok was tho Women's Christian Temper ance Union, which occurred on Tuesday at tho Broadway Tsbernaole mid continued through the weok. Avery intelligent, hard-, working and determined body of temperanco: apostles were they,and the dram-drinkers will have to look. -i.«" iiioy are armed vrlUi the ballot. There Wore committees on overv tiisiifj, iipd the teU-mihiito rtilp wftp sternly, enforced, so tliat (".Kb Rjj&fikfeui; jjiifl btit brief time to air their oloquenco. Tne secrGtafy bad a watch on the table before her and kept hor hand on the bell, and when the oratrix struck tho ten-minute limit down came tho bell. . When a fat lady from one of the uppor ; counties feilg stiHflsiily fctlt off lj£-the bell; a : spinster in tho back of the halj ffliif; titik 1 Chestnuts 1' This irreverent remarkneariy upset the convention, and it was some minutes before they could proceed. One of tho most alarming reports was from the committee on tobacco, and if the report bo true the terrible cigarette is not. solely confined to dudes and naughty boys, but that the girls take stolen whiffs behind the door. There is one comfort about this miserable indulgence, if it is true. It is a Vice that cannot be indulged in secret, for if the fcfgiircitteq they smoke fire',anything like those in ubo here j?oll Ciln smell theih a blobl^ off, and no sclf-rospecting yoUng fiiSfi would ever think of keeping company with a gill who would mnke herself such a public nuisance. Notwithstanding the report of the Women's Christian Temperance Union I hope it is nok true—at least of those whom we, consider good girls, for, tho othor'kind of gitfs I am hot tjuite sure but ii little smoke and a little fire might purify them, but I leave that matter with the union. Just beforo they adjourned thoy sent thoir congratulations to Mrs Cleveland on tho lato addition to her family. When the question was put ifc was carried with a unanimous aye, and tho resolutions were formulated and sent up by special messenger. 13ut it was in ifiaint,lining n hoadquarters at Now York that thoy showed tho stuff that they were made of. The sum , involved for rent was only between! threo and four hundred dollars, and I somo sister from at"ay back, on tho score of economy, proposed to close tho headquarters in New York. Then tho fun began. Tho president left the chair and took the flooi, and in a speech of burning eloquence protested against ie. Several took tho other sido, when n littlo weak sister rose in her place and said her county would give twenty-five dollars towards it. Then like an avalanche came offers of assistance from every side, and when a motion was mado to pay off the debt tho money still rolled in until eight thousand dollars were raised on tho spot. It was ono of the most orderly, best conducted assemblies ever held in the city, and reflected unbounded honor on woman's work. A funny case came up in the courts this weok which,I believe,has few parallels in our calendar. Paul Rats,a German,aged 27 years, fell desperately in love with 'Miss Nettio I ehnelson, who owns up to 33. In regard to | the lady lean only say sho looks everyday of | it. They had been courting a year before Mr. I Katz could summon courage enough to pop the question, but on December second ho put on I his best Sunday suit and called on his sweet heart and asked hor to accompany him to the City Ilall, there and then to '.becovno Mrs. Katz. Both the parties were Hebrews, and Miss Lelmelson, who was a stranger to our institutions, thought it was only a kind of preliminary engagement, as there was no Rabbi in sight, and when Alderman McCarty asked hor if she would take Paul Katz for ! better or worse, she readily exclaimed, ' Yaw ! void.' So tho alderman pronounced them | man and wife. They then parted, and each went home as if nothing had happened. In a little while, however, Paul called on his Nettle to fuHil hor part of the contract and bo his frau ; but as Nettle had never been to tho Rabbi sho did not consider herself nwrried atall. In tho nick of time sho had another admirer, who had been a playmate of Paul Katz in Germany, and ho told Nettlo that Paul had a glass oye. This discovery acted like an explosion of dynamite. £lio did not mind marrying a bully boy, but sho didn't want a 'bully boy with a glass eye !' So she immediately broke tho engagement. Paul has now appealed to tho courts for a divorce, which there is no doubt ho will got. But the moral of tho story to all future lovers is, ' Mind your oyo.' But whilo Prosbytorians, Methodists and Temperance peoplo have been unusually active all the week, politics have not been forgotten, and every liitmMican who thinks that the hon.J. Sloafc Fassetis^oing to have a walk-over, had better have attdlHlc'I the; Democratic meeting at the Cooper Institute on Thursday evening last. While it brought nil factions of the Democracy together, it iva» eminently a County Democracy endorsement of the State ticket, and the make-up of the meeting gavo cold comfort to the Republi cans, who were looking for a break in the ranks of the unterrified. Maurice J.. Power beamed benignantly on Richard Croker's ablest lieutenants, and some of the staunchest supporters of Tammany declared that there j really never was any eufcBtantial differcnco between Tammany and tho Counties which I shotlld keep them appart on election day. But the mcst assuring feature of tlio meet ing and the one moat pregnant with results,, was the appearance on tho same platform of Ex-President Glover Cleveland snd Gover nor David B. Hill—the two opposing candi dates for the Presidency in 1S92, TUiose j claims'threatento split tlio Democracy of the State of 2Jcw York, which, ..if persisted in, may lose its thirty-six electoral votes to the DeirJocfit tic party. For the nonce, you could not have told whsther it was a County or a Tammany meeting. Grover Cleveland, who presided, rectived a tremendous ovation, and Governor Ilill who made the speech of tho night, was evidently in tho home of his friends.- His speech was a terrific arraig ment of the Republican candidate, Mr. Frisset, of Mr. Piatt, and the Republican patty/'and 'wn3 received with cheers that shook , the. house.- But the audience that packed every noofc afnd corner of the Cooper Institute great hall, vrtis cmly a small portion of the crowd that came out to see Ex-Presi dent Cleveland and to hear Governor Hill. There were acres and acres of Demcwrtts that crowded Astor Place and up and down the Bowery for block. The vast crovd surged and seethed like the waves of an angry se.% and when they hurrahed tho very oartli seemed to tromble. The meeting was a grant Success, and'seemed to justify tho re mark rriado by Judge Power, 'If the County Democracy IS dead, this is a—■ lively ghost.' Both pnrtles flte on their mettle,and' things are jtist booming, , ' Politics have taken a strange tnrn with our neighbors over in Brooklyn, which, for tho tiriie being at least, threaten# to end tho political career of a very promising youDg statesman—Mr. Chapin, tho present mayor. Only four weeks ago a delegation of five hundred Democrats good and true, at an ex pense of over twelve thousand dollars, went to thu Convention ttt Saratoga to nominate Mr. Chapin for Governor;bnfe Mr. Flower (jottheprizo and Mr. Chapin got left. Oil his return to Brooklyn ho was anxioua to get fi re-nomination for the office of mayor, when tho local leadors suddenly discovered that hia connection with tho so-called water steal had so damrtged hia chances that he might impair the safety of the State tickct, so they threw him overboard, bag and bug gage. But it is funny, very funny; tho very men who were backing him with their dollars as rv candidate for Governor, go back on him for the office of . mayor. .Well, politios is politics, and that is all tliei'o is of it. Yours truly .. BROADBRIM. ' Tiie Fi/YiNO Ship.—Mr. Maxim, who in vdiiioct tfife' giin which bears his name, is now hard at tfCrJi mftking :iri aerial ship. Herd is His prophecy,■ ifl the " Century," of what will then happefl i—" Many ask wnat use ic will be put to in case II. floe's succeed. To thig. I: would roply, certain!}' Hot for carrying freight, and not, for a considerable time at least, for carrying passengers. When the first flying-machine succeeds, its first great fee ■will be for military purposes. It will CfnCC become an engine of war, not only to reconnoitre the enemy's positions, as has been attempted With the so-called dirigible balloons, but also for Carrying fffitt dropping into.the enemy's lines and country largo bombs charged with high explosive!*. It does not require a prophet to forsoe that successful machines of this character would at once make it possible for a nation possess ing them to paralyse completely an enemy by destroying in a few hours the important bridges, armouries, arsenals, gas and water works, railway stations, public buildings, etc., and that all the modern means of defence both by land and sea, which have cost untold millions, ■would at onco be rendered worth less.' 