AN UP TO DATE GHOST STORY. A correspondent sends an extraordinary account of a midnight adventure to the Liver pool Post :— I was proceeding leisurely on foot to Broadgreen when, on passing the church at Knotty Ash, my attention was suddenly arrested by the strange and uncanny appear ance of its graveyards. The time would then be shortly after midnight. The whole burying ground seemed alive and glistening with a thousand small bluish lights which appeared to creep in and out of the dif ferent graves as if the departed spirits were taking a midnight .ramble. I stood, petrified, not knowing what to make of it, at the same time experiencing a feeling of horror which sud denly took complete possession of me. Just at this moment the moon, which had hitherto been more or less obscured by a moving panorama of passing clouds, came, as it would seem to my assistance, giving me for a very short time the benefit of her companionship. And now appeared the most startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hair to stand on end with fright, a cold numbness of horror paralysing me in every limb, for, advancing up the road directly opposite to me came a funeral train, the coffin borne along with measured tread, covered with an immense black pall, which fluttered up in the midnight wind. At first I thought, I must surely be dreaming, and therefore pinched myself, in the arm to ascertain if this were really the case. But no, I certainly was not, for I distinctly felt the nip, and was therefore satisfied as to my wakefulness. '' What could it all mean?" I asked myself as the cortege gradually approached me and I began to distinguish the general outlines of the bearers. These appeared to be elderly men and to have lived in a bygone age. All were dressed in the costume of the latter part of the eighteenth century. They wore tie wigs, and some had swords, as well as walking-sticks mounted with deaths' heads. I observed only one really young man among the crowd of fol lowers, walking just behind the coffin. His youth, in comparison with the others, perhaps made me take especial notice of him. He was dressed in what appeared to be black velvet, the whiteness of his ruffles standing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of his general attire. He carried a sword, had diamond buckles in his shoes, and wore his powdered hair in a queue. The face of this young man was deathly pale, as were also the faces of all the others accompanying him. nstead of the procession-advancing to the ate at which I stood> it turned suddenly, and ntered the burial:'< ground by the ituated at 'a-fewyards'-'.distance.-- J&the; <. offin< was borne* through this gate all ^the lue. spirit lights - seemed to rise from , the ? raves as of to meet .the cortege for-the purpose of escorting the body to its last resting-place; these awful lights added considerably... to "the ghastliness of the scene as they floated: over the coffin and heads of the mourners, r Slowly the procession glided -up the.pathway,-pas3ipg the main entrance of the church, and continu ; ing. its way in a straight line finally, disappeared at the back of the edifice. Where this, most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it I oarinot tell; but this much I distinctly 'aver,"that coffin, mourners, and lights^-even the pale flickering moonlight-all disappeared "as mysteriously as they ? came, leaving ma standing in the darkness, transfixed ?* with astonishment and fright. Upon gathering together my somewhat scattered senses, I took to my heels and never stopped running till I found myself safe in my own house. In fact, I scarcely remember how I got home. After recovering a little from the shock I immediately aroused a female relative who had retired for the night, and related to her the above particulars. She assured me that I must have been suffering from mental hallucination, but, seeing the great perturba tion of my mind, and at the same time know ing my natural scepticism with regard to all so- called supernatural phenomena, she came to the conclusion that, after all, I might possibly have seen what has been described above. The next day l made enquiries at the neighbor- hood of Knotty Ash, and ascertained from a very old woman that she remembered a story in her youth having reference to the mysterious and sudden death of an old occupant of Thingwall Hall, who was hastily and quietly buried, she thought, at midnight, in old Knotty Ash churchyard. If so, was this a ghastly repetition of the event got up for my especial benefit, or was it a portent intended to foreshadow the coming of the dread visitor to myself? Now, as I have before stated, I am no believer in ghosts, but certainly this very remarkable experience of mine has entirely upset all my previously con ceived notions of the subject, leaving me in a quandary of doubt. On the evening upon which I saw the mysterious midnight funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceedingly wide awake ; had met several cyclists on the Prescott-road, with whom I conversed, and had likewise refreshed myself at the public drinking foun tain placed at the top of Thomas-lane. Strange that a few hundred yards further down the road I should encounter so ghostly an experience — an experience I shall never forget to my dying day. 