The Sydney Morning Herald Wednesday APRIL 15, 1891. The Governor and Lady Jersey leave Sydney this morning for West Maitland. The polling for East Sydney yesterday resulted in the return of Mr. Bradley, with Mr. Pulsford second and Mr. Cotton third. The declaration of the poll at Neweasle yesterday was as follows :-Mr. Grahame, 20811 Mr. Kogan, 2005 ; Mr. Bennett, -120. The informal votes amounted to 69. Great oxoitoment trau caused over the Newcastle election, and a crowd numbering noarly 10,000 was present at the deolaratioa of tho poll. In connection with the Now Orleans outbreak it appears, from the published oanfeBsion ef one of the Sicilians, that Ibo mon who wera lynched woes guilty of tho, murder of Superintendent Hennessy. Madame Melba has had a narrow 09cape owing to a fire al her residenco in Paris. Silo osoaped by a ladder from the burning building. Ii is reported that warranta have been issued against two mombors of tho House of Commons on charges of criminal offences. It has transpired that the two members of tho House of Commons, against whom warranta, ha« boon issued, have oscaped, À serious disagreomeot has taken placa between Professor Uorliomor and Mr. Middleton, members of the London Board of Advice t» the trustees .£ tho Molbourno National Gallery, and tho former has resigned. Tub Chancellor of the Erehoqnor ospeota to malro his Budget speech in tho House of Commons ou the 23rd instant. Ax the meeting of the Publio Works Committee yesterday Mr. J. P. Abbott, speaking o£ tho pro- posed line from Cobar to Cockburn, said it would bo unjust to construot a railway whioh would novor pay. Botwoen Wentworth and Wilcannia ho did not kuow no station hold by a Now South Walo, man doing bueioRS» with this colony; tho pooplo cania, from South Australia or Victoria, and tho produoo was -oturneii to thoBO colonia. The mails by tho B.M.S, Britannia aro duo to-morrow. s Jin, Tuow'_\roport upon tho tramway systems of ¿pírica will bo vlistributod to tho members to-day at the* meeting of .tho Publio Works Oommittoe. Al tèb. landon wftol sales prioos aro unohanged, and t_*)0 toko, is linn. Tren íüuppi-vg Fodor ».ion's shilling ticket insures tho holdtX ior .£25 it' browned or lulled in the Podoration'a <*hipi!. Tiik tolal ou"«?1 subscribed ^'or tbo Victorian losn of £3,000,000 ia ,£¿,000,000, TnriKB hundred' Jind fifty-V0 tenders woro receivod for the loan. Tnn failuro of tho loa\ " attribn\\*-d to the aotion of tho associated bank-*- and syndicates innot tendering from fear of an îmV-aso in fvio bank rata consequent on tho further witera wal of gold. It ia thought in London thatV t'>o faibivo ,of tho loan will be a -valuable losson to .Victoria to check Uur heavy borrowing. \ At tho great firo at tho Haymarket Xhoatro ia Ohicaqo a paoio among tha audience watX r/^ovontod by tho prompt aotion of a policeman statioAO- in tho theatre, who threatened tho orowd with. ¡¡V^ad-d rovolver. s Tub ravages of influenza in Now York ov'^ Brooklyn aro eaid to be torriblo. Owing to tlV largo numbsr of doatba occurring daily ordinary'' waggons are being usad tb carry away tho dead. Ten thousand Anglo-Indian troops aro massed at Kohat in the Punjaub with a view to cope with tho Miranzai outbreak in Northorn India, Lmrjii-fAMT Gbamt, who has boon relieved at Tbobal by Lieutenant Prossgrave, had tcjsufltain nine days' hoavy fighting. Tn-popn'ation of Orango propor is osfcimatei at 8112. It was decided yesterday that a special matinee in aid of Signer and Signora Majoroni Bhould be given on or about May 6. Mu. J. L, Bbücb has beou appointed by tho Ministor for Publia Instruction lecturer in tho newly-formed department of sanitary engineering in the Technical Collogc. Tnr. cost to the Shipping Föderation of tho lato London strike was about £15,COO, A TE_niBLK murdor was discovered yesterday at Na 1 Fovoa-x-stroo', Surry Hills, a woman namod Mrs. Dalton boing the viotim. At about half-past 12 o'clock a woman residing in the house found tho body of Mrs. Dalton terribly mutilated lying in a pool of blood. The murder is alleged to be the work of the husband, Mr. Dalton, who had been heard quarrel- ing with his wife. Up to a late hour last night ho had not boen arrested., Sin Haiíby At_ihson and Captain Russell, Now Zealand delegates to the Federation Convention, arrived in Auckland yesterday. Tho former is of opinion that New Zealand could not afford to enter the federation under tbo present Act, as she would be unablo to raise onfuciont revenue under the föderal tariff, Sin Geoiioe Gue? arrived in Adolaido yesterday from Melbourne, and roceived a warm welcome Sir Goorge was considerably aflootod by the warmth of tho reception accorded him. Nineteen passengers from tho R.M.S, Britannia have gono into quarantine at Adelaide. Thb Victorian Premiar states in regard to tbo "Victorian loan that ho is in no way disappointed at its failure, Ik Adelaide yostorday, tho case of the men arrested for gambling carno on, and tho occupier of tho promises was fined £250 or six mouths' im« prisonment; "Wiese, tho man who informed the police, bat who was amongst tho3o on the promisee, was fined _5. Mr. J. PAmoKsoN, who was examined yostor day before the Labour Commission, said that in the years 1869 and 1870 ho was concerned as a solioitoc with the Master Builders' Association in Liverpool, England ; after tho atriko which occurro J in the North of England about that timo, and was authorised by the.mastors to open up negotiations with iho principal unions to endeavour to form an equitable court ot conciliation in tho hade, but found it necessary after some little timo to abandon the idea as an utter failure. Tire Viotorian Criokoting Association ha3 approved of the formation of a oricket council in aocordaoce with the sohtmo proposed by the Kew South Wales Crickot Association. TnnKE small columns of British infantry havo arrived at Tama, and the forces under Lieutenants Grant and Prosgravo havo reached a place 20 miles boyond Tamo. Pbioes woro easier yostorday in tho mining markot, but a brisk business was transacted. Tim Customs revenue received vostorday amounted to £6326. There is a difference of opinion amongst our correspondents upon the question whether the disorder at the University Commémoration on Saturday did or did not exceed anything of the kind that has been heard and witnessed for some years past Looking back for five or six years only, almost anyone who can trust his memory will say without hesitation that the growth of this disorder has boen remarkable. It would be difficult to apply an exact measure from year to year in matters of this kind. On some occasions, perhaps, the perform- ances of the undergraduates have had more system and meaning about them than at others. Sometimes the interruptions have boen spasmodic. On Saturday last their distinguishing f eatnre was continuity. Instead of breaking out spasmodically, the noise was maintained throughout, at something like a uniform level, varied only at a few intervals by compara- tive peace, and by a few interpella- tions of a more or less offensive kind. As a matter of fact the under- graduates had charge of the proceedings ; they were the chief performers ; and a stranger ignorant as to traditions, and un- informed as to the facts, might well have imagined that the object in view was to commemorate,not memorable events in the history of the University, but the folly of youth. In days gone by we have heard quoted in that very hall the well-worn saying, " Ingenuas didiçisse," &c.;, but he would be a hardy speaker who could now, without changing colour, recite the sentence to the end. Without laying too much stress upon the element of compari- son in this matter, it may bo pointed out that probably on no previous occasion have the disturbances at a Commemoration called forth so much public comment. The published lotters show that theso procoiidings havo been regarded from two standpoints. Thpy aro treated lightly by some, and seriously by others. Thoy are palliated by those who seem to see an excuse in the fact that un example set by English undergraduates has been followed, and that a sort of custom or understanding has boen established in accordance with which the day ia given over to u scholastic fooling." To those who use this argument it may bo ouggosted that there aro circumstances in which origin- ality is more commendable than imitation. If the undergraduates hero had had tho courage to strike out a new path for them- selves, and to say, " Wa at loast will havo none of this fooling," they might havo taken credit for lending support to the popular doctrine that Australia is to lead the world. As the motter stands, this plea of precedent and imitation is an unfortu- nate one. Why should we ussumo as a matter of course that it is the scholastic precedent whioh is being followed ? Is it so certain that the contagion has not come from some of the late political meet- ings where freedom of apeeoh has been suppressed ? This view, indeod, is favoured unconsciously by some of the apologists of disorder, who indicate with sufficient plainness their belief that the cause of it is to bo found in the pro- gramme of the Commemoration rather than in the bad manners of those vrho prevent its execution ia a reasonable and creditable way. We hayo here a moating convened for a special purpose. The arramgemonts aro made by th_ duly constituted authorities. Tickets» are issued to per- mit the publie to attend. From the beginning to tho end a few dozons-probably not moro-of silly youths seize the control, and ¿lominato tho -whole of tho proceedings by incessant and senseless noise. Where is the ro al difference between this and tho eilencitng of Mr. Pu_8FonD or Mr. Bepcb Smith P How con we toll where those young students, who have so much to learn, have gono to sohool Ï No man of the world "would gsudgo the students on Commemoration. Day a reason- able amount of innooeiat fun. If s'uoh a phenomenon could be looked for, the proceedings might even be enlivened by, a few ilashos of hacmloss wit, which would give amuBomont and would not canso complaint. But no valid ß_cusa can be offered for disturbances which, frustrate the purposes of a regularly arrangod meet- ing, and, which even merge on occasion into offence and insult. One of omr corre- spondents goes so far as to auggeat that it is the vagaries of tho under- graduates which peoplo go to hear and soo. We can understand the attractions whjch led crowds to the x _hibition o£ tho Wald Weat ; but it is inconceivable that the hundreds of appa ronfcJy intelligent people who were in tho University Hall on Sa_u_day wont thoro to witnoas-. a demonstration of disrespect alike fqr elation and fcyr ago. His Excel- lency tho Governor is oÄicially tho Visitor of the UnivorSvty ; but is' it to bo expected that ho will entoK, the b uleling again for a tdmilar purpose iii~ the absence of Bomo eiSectivo gtmrantoo against i_te indignitios to wdtioh ho was subjoctod tïni othor day ? Thero"Jvas sojuethingpainf ul iiythospectaclo of the venerable Ohancolior, why has served the University .for more than a qyiarter of a century, wiiiting",in vain for a fowvnoments' respite from the interruptions witi'i which he was assailed. In viow of th» facts, we ace iudißpoa,ed to join with those <>f our correspondents vrho criticiso the arrairgements for the proceed- ings on Commemotra-ion Day. Thoy may be appropriate or inappropriate, wise or unwise ; but if, as is suggested, this dis- order is intended to be« a protest against them, or as the meous of bringing about a change, then the question of mak- ing a chango should be indefinitely post- poned. The proceedings in the University must bo regulated by tho authorities of that. University, and it would bo a ïatal mistako to accord the recognition of ever^ a shadow of influence to disorder and noise. The first thing to bo done is to ro- etrtablish order at any cost, if necessary, to those who sot themselves against it. When tiiat point ia gained it will bo time enough to consider whether the arrangements should be changed. Meanwhile it is inoumbent upon tho senate to con«ider the situation seriously. The question is not one whioh should be allowed to drift, The difficulty of dealing with it is likely to increase rather than diminish with tho lapso of time. Tho growth of the disorder has boen simultaneous with the increase in the number of students, and may probably be traoed, at least in part, to the encouragement whioh numbers give. If, therefore, the evil is not grappled with in its present -tage, the prdspeots of the future will not be encouraging. It would bo a happy thing if reform could bo accompttafcpd by a direct and timely appeal to the undefgsjaduates' sense of what is right and credit_t¿la-l The better course seems to be to assume» its existence, to re- inforce it by judicious wtK'iings, and then if the experiment ¡should folly to adopt the more stringent measures whic-t the case would demand. _ The ballot of the Queensland shearers and bush workers resulting in 8426 votes against freedom of contract to 81 in its favour is a noteworthy incident of the labour contest. As the greater number of the 81 dissentients have since, rescinded their votes, the declaration against freedom of contract may bo taken as prac- tically unanimous within the colony of Queensland. A comprehensive vote o_ this kind has at least the advantage that it clearly defines the position. That» can bo no mistake about what it means. Wo may fairly construe it as meaning that, so far as those taking part in it are con- cerned, no man is to bo allowed to earn his living in Queensland, or indeed in any part of Australia, in the nvocations inter- ested unloss he is a member of a union. The alternative put before every such per- son is to join a union "or to starve. Except as a unionist he has no claim to existence. This seems rather peremptory, j and we should be disposed to say un- reasonable, were we not assured by divors mild-spoken and humane gentle- men that tho decision is in accordance with the principles of tho purest reason and tho noblest philanthropy of the modern type. However, let us pass from this side of the question and glanco at' another. The same men, or some of them, who have shared in this vote have been holding sundry meetings in favour of com- pelling the pastoralists to como with thom into " open conference" What is open con- ference ? We had understood it to mean unrestricted conference, conference with none of tho vital ibsues previously decided. It appeared from the speeches and writings of tho labour peoplo that this was the in- terpretation they themselves put upon the open conference they so much desired. Some of thom, it will bo remombored, complained bitterly of tho action of the pastoral unions in stipulating that the principle of freedom ot contract must be roserved from tho consideration of tho conference. What we seo now is that the same men who make this complaint have taken upon themselves, while still urging tho demand for open conforonce, to shut up the scope of conference and to predetermino ita issues by absolutely deciding the question of freodom of con- tract, which they are all the while in- sisting should be an opon one. Such a polioy as this must inevitably appoar to all persons who are compelled by a montai necessity to introduce logical processes into their reasoning as an inco- herent and self-contradictory ono. It seems to bo stamped by the intollootual weakness and the moral disorder whioh have throughout bo fatally characterised tho aotion of the labour leaders. It again illustrates that disposition to forgot their yesterday's declarations under, the new excitement of to-day, and to close their eyes to all faots which are unpleasant or inconvenient, of whioh they afford us so many instances. Tho peculiarity of the mental frame of mind which predomi- nates in tho labour councils is that it coins its own logic, originates its own morality, and creates its own facts. What a singular instanoo of this latter propensity is supplied by the relation of the labour polioy at the present moment to the faots of the situation. To read the declarations of tho labour leaders and to accept their lofty refusal to work sayo on their own* conditions, any one ignorant of the circumstances might bo disposed t¡o believe that thoy dominated the position, aaod held tho whole matter in the hollow of -their hand. What aro the facts P Tho wor*; which the misguided unionists, under _>, system of 1 mutual coercion, are intimidating each other into rafuoina, is being satisfactorily per- formed by other people. If otay difficulty is felt in getting it done, this, is only jn the case of thoso squatters, if thora aro still any, who relied on union men for thoir work, and believed that their compliance with unionism would bo their ____egu__cd. Those who promptly acefspted tho defiance of tho unions and made thoir own arrangements for ireo labour find little diffioulljj. There would be no difficulty at all save for the system of lawless terroriste, on which unionism is now relying in Q aeensland for its saccess. But oven with this hindrance the work is getting done. The wool is I being shorn, and will in duo time bo carted, trucked, and shipped. Etoo labour is abundan* for all requirements. If the Government- of the various/ colonies ontuire law and order, thoro is no« reason why all the wool in Ajistralia should not bs shorn this year in disregard of unionism and its demanda. It is in tho face of sunh facts as these that the unionists of.' Queens- land have just passed an almost unanimous declaration that they will rofuse to work eave ripon conditions whack thoy know _b_-t tho omployors repui'lato. Wo/ do not catre now to discuss the moral right or the prudential policy of such, a course. But it is apparent that it is a poEicy of un- reality ancLdreamlnnd, a polioyblised on the acceptance of fond wishes and- airy state- ments as facts. The labour l__- der. Boom to show an Absoluto want of the sense of reality aliko in their words aod in their' actions. We Jaiow what ?would be the, result to a ship navigatung -ho passes and narrows of the groat Barrier Eoef the captain of whioh proceeded on the prin- ciple of wilfully ignoring all the obataolos before and around him. Tho rocka would not bo any the less there bt cause the cap- tain Jiad resolved to shut hisi eyes to them. The stern facts of reality would in suoh a case find their own way of assorting them- selves, and no different oafcoûnie can be anticipated to the equally reduces seaman- ship -Wibi-h the labour leaden, in Queens- land seem to be exhibiting. Tho rasult of tho Victorian loan .negotia- tion ii decidedly disappointing. Instead of being subscribed threefold as in the case of the last loan, oz more than twofold as in that of the loan of 1880, all that was offered for thei £3,000,000 was JE2,000,000. And, what is worse still, in- stead of getting a net average of £100 2s 2il as in 1890, or £402 15s as in 18iS9, all that has been obtained for* the portion of the loan subscribed is £07 11s _d. The difference represante a ve^v serious reduction in the cntdit of tho oplony. Ko doubt the cause of the partial, failure of. the loan is the over supplied! state of _ae market with Victorian stock o?, the previous issue. The- tatest news we, .had was that .speculative holders had over'a million still on hand. And as everyone knert- that another loan was pending, no one oared to give a market' price £2 in excess of- that at which it has been, found possible to fake up the new stock now issued. Bo_bt_es8 it is ia. consequence of tho knowledge \ot this ponding iona that members of tUalast syndicates wera unable to dispose of their holding^. And for the some reason there were private tenderers for as muoh as £1,833,000 «of the stock. That the loan was taken np by investors generally may be inferred fro\m tbo fact that the tenders numbered thi\ee hundred and iif ty-two. The effect on Ah« market of the insufficient Bubftription of f^ieloan is for the time most depre,s\úng, for while the Government holds more ;Ôhan a thirà\of the .stock, which it will no doubt be prepared to sell at any tims at the.jninimum or it may be at a concession, the'price of all the stock issued -will be kept down. As a' matter of fact our latest cablegram says that the old 3_ per cent. Victo, rian stock i« now quoted as low as £97f,beJfng a fall of £2_ since the announcement _)C the new loan. The result of the opération makes it quite clear that our colonial Govern- ments cannot disregard the interests of the bickers who have ordinarily taken up the loans. No doubt the new fatook would have boen fully subscribed had Mr. Munno given the assurance that another loan would not be floated within a year. Fol- lowing so eoorx aftor the partial failure of the South Australian loan, the result can hardly havo Any other than a preju- dicial effect on the credit of, these coloróos. With balances of leans ready to bo issued on the first favourable opportunity, the recovery in values, which ordinarily it is the interest even of the brokers to promoto, will bo delayed. And, most unfortunately, this failure has occurred at a time when the state of our own finances points to another issue of New South Wales stook. Probably most of the last issue is out of hand, and the Treasurer will get a botter result thau Vhrforia. But though investors may differentiate in favour of this colony, it is too much to expect that they will do so to the full extent of>the ordinary difference ia the credit of tho respective colonies at a timo when a large amount o£ Victorian stock may bo offered very cheaply. In tho conditions, the obvious duty of Victoria and of all the colonies is, to ease down their public works policies. Well supplied as the money market ia London is, the do maud for Australian stocks has received a chock ; not so much, perhaps, becauso of any doubt as to the security thoy offer ob to the exceptional circumstances a$!eoting tho money market for the past youc But, all the same, it is a check, and m the high price we pay for a loan means a higher interest for many years during its ourrenoy, it is apparent that no effort should be spared to avoid coing on to the market until balances of existing stocks aro absorbed. Then even, thoVsyndicates will welcome further issues. Thxs colonies have the ball in thoir own ha-Sls, and they will play to win if thoy \play slowly. If it was difficult to understand thov issuos on which the East Sydney eleotion was being fought, it is equoHy diüíoult to understand the significance of its result. We might possibly have understood what senso to attaoh. to the return of either Mr. Pu_SFonD or Mr. Cotton. It is hard to know what, if any, attaches to the return of Mr. Bn_D__Y. The provincialists of the Sir John Eo_bbt apN, Mr. Want, and Mr. S___T_nv order may see in it tho pledge of the forthcoming " smashing " of federation. There would be something to say for that view if Mr. B__d__y's provincialism wero not allied with other reactionary eloments without our being ablo to value the share of each in the result. While the anti fedorationiats view the issue as a triumph, so also do the enemies of temperance reform, and so do the advocates of com- mercial restriction, Howeror, it is pretty evident that if the votes aro sorntiniped. nearly two t^ ona of the eleotors voted for those candidates who favoured federation, and on equal proportion for thoso who ware on the side of froetrado. Mr. Buadley's sup- porters must settle among themselves thoir respective shares in tho victory ;. but as for its practic.il îosult, we do not anticipate that his return will operate in the least degree to stop federation, to introduce protection, or, though the temperance people seem to have allowed themselvos to be caught napping, to prevent in duo time the neoessary reform end restriction of the liquor trade. One peint the election appears to throw some light upon. At the declaration of tho poll, whilo the speeches of Mr. PuLBi'oiiD and Mr. Bradley were silenced by disorder, Mr. Cotton was accorded a favourable bearing. This dis- crimination in disordor helps us to soo from what quarter tho dis- order- comes, and also to ostimate the eactent of voting power associated with it. As for the election and its result, it may perhaps be regarded us one of the nn_trchio and anomalou^ products of a time of, social disturbance, and it appears to havo little other significance. His Eicollonoy the ' Governor, with Lady Jersey, 'will leave Sydney by special train this morning at lalf-past 6 o'clook for Wost Maitland, with the objoot of attending the oponing of the Hunter Rivor Agricaltnral and Horticultural Society's Show. Tho special is timed to arrive at it* destination at 12.15. A brief st-ppage will be made at East Mait- land to eaablo the Mayor to present an address of wolcomo from tho townspeople, Mr. Brunker (Minister for Lands), who loft the city lost night, will reçoive Lord and Lady Jerfoy, who will stay for two days in Maitland. To-night a complimentary banquet is to, be givoa, and to-morrow a lunch. Mr. M'Millan (Colonial TroMiirer) and Mr. Gould (Minister for.Jmtice) will also travol by the special train this morning, As adjourned Cabinet mooting took placa yester- day morning at 1Û o'clock. It was attended by all tho members of tho Ministry, except Mr, D, O'Connor (Postmaator-Gonoral) and Mr. Carruthers (Minister for Education). Tho business transacted was of a roiiuno oharactor, and it eventuated in nothing whioh csnld.be made publia A spicial significance, however waa givon to it when later in tho day a report was circulated that the mombors of. tho Government had had a disagreement over tho subject of Federation. Tho rumour was utterly without foundation, and it is only regarded as t>je outcome of party poli tim, and as an attempt to discredit the Ministry. Some im- portance w*b attached to the absence of Mr. Car- ruthers from tho.inceting, but that gentleman left the city on tho previous evening. The l'romior states that tho -federation proposals wera not men- tioned at either the; first or adjourned meetings of the Cabinet, and that tho most cordial relations existod between himself and tho members of the Government. At a mooting «f tho Executive Council, held at noon,yo-_erday, iho Civil Service Inquiry Commis- sion was extended for a further period of threo months, Mr. W. IL Pigott, M.L.O., was ap- pointed proeitlont of tha City Railway Extension Commission in the placo of Alderman Burdekin. Tm¡ Mini-tor dor Publio Instruction, with a desire to extend tc-hracal education, has decided to form a now dopaitmeut of sanitary engineering in (be Technical College, ,and ho has appointed as lecturer Mr. J. Ij. 'Bunco, a gontleman possessing special qualifications: for tho post. Of lato years a largo amount of wy careful attention has boon fciven to sanitary aoi/ince by eminent engineers and chotnists, and the principles underlying the science havo boon thoroughly studied, and some ablo worts on tho euujoot have boon written. In England, tho great effort of Sir J. Whitworth in regard to the davolopmont of mechanical science ' has been extended by other benefactor, who have beqnoa__-d the larger portion of thoir wealth to 08ti.bl_Bh~.ont and ondowmont of eohools of sani- tary f-cnce in somo of tho principal cities. Tho new department at the Technical Collegs is adapted to the r. eeds of the pupil of the sanitary engineer, arohitoat, and builder, and the apprentice of the sanitary; plumber, Tbo course embodies lectures on sanitary-ens-nearing, sanitary .appliances, and sani- tary plu-ibing. Tho lecture will be supplemented by a laboratory oourao, in whioh students will per- form -alnablo quantitative experiments in all branches of sanitary soience. There is also a class for drawing and designing sanitary appliances, and an eHmontary p-_otic_l course on survoylag and lovelliotg. Tho trade, courso embraces a very completo training in praotical plumbing. Tho sanitary aminganiantg of tho now college at Ultimo will be planmpd to -erre as an object loison for the olass, and as .oon as teachers can bo trained and the department d sveloped the system of instruction wal bo extended t» the branch teobnical eohools in the ?various largo/ towns throughout tho colony. The ne- calendar, whioh .will shortly bo published, wil_ rjivo the details of the course. Yearly exatailiatioos aro to bo held, and diplomas and" icerti-icatos issued to successful stn dsntv Thoso diplomas and certificates are acceptor as a guarantco of profloionoy for appoint.lonts and promotion in certain branches of the p'ublio service. Mr. Bruce, to whom the Minister lias entrusted this important department, is a gent Vwaan of great experience and enthnsiasm in sanitär y "matters. Ho holds oxoollent testimon- ials in Buj yort of his aVility and scientific training from omiixant mon, both hero and in the old country, »no11 hore is every reason to believe that an able additio u> has boen mado to tho staff of the Technical Ce Éloge. Tub lion. Etoniol O'Connor, Post-oaalor-Qeneral, return--, to Sj-Uvay from __alboi_rao'yesterday, and attended the Ptjat Office in tho afternoon, j Tits Parliaiyioitaxy Standing Committee on Publio Works «'ill consider at to- day's mooting tho report to t\io Legislativo Assombly on the extonsion of the \ Gama to Nowra railway into the ' town of Nowra, mid Mr. Thow^s report upon the .tramway systems -\\- America will bo distributed. The further oonsiA iration of the proposed railway from Cobar to CoclAmrn will also form part of tbo proceedings of the i\ay. Mr. O'Sulhvau's motion to rescind the voto arrived at in regard to tho hospital buildings in 4Macqi_trio-stroot, with a view to its recon.i-oration,.has boon postponed until to- morrow. Tnmcontest for tho «Uwüon of a successor to the late Mr» J. li. Street in .the representation of Eait Sydnoy in tbe Legisliti »s Assembly was docided yesterday, and resulted in tho return of Mr. Walter Bradley, who pol.-- 1.W2 votes. Mr. E, PulBford seouiod 133. v \ten, and Mr. F. Cotton ' 1188. The proceedings pasi-d .off very quiotly, Tiru English mails por as., Britannia will arrive hero to-morrow in time for delivery at about 2 p.m., instead of to-day, as was expec t«>_ The delay omeo, through the vessel being quara Burned. At the sitting of tho Pub Ho Works CommittDo 'yesterday tho proposed raihray from Cobar to ¡Oookburn was further considilKKl. Evidence was Igiven by Mr. J. P. Abbott, M. U.A., against the con- struction of the lina Ho did nott think tbatit would improvo tho trado of .Sydney. The nearest seaport was in South Australia,.aDd ifithaobjoct was to 'divert the trado to this colony"ifc could lOnly bo dono, by a system of differential duties, tho-oost of whisn mast fall o« pcopl^'who had no- interest: in the trado. It wonld be many year« befoxro tb_ population in the Western distact would become customers of such a railway. At tho Bamo time, .hairing token; the rail- way to Cobar, he would bo in fa'roar of it going to Wilcannia, but did not think theijo was any good of it, going to Broken Hill. Thocoinmittcetadjoarned until the following day. Tn_ Royal 0sm_u£si»n oppou(ted to rircvestigate j and report upon tho causes of -conflicto between Vapital and labour known as BtrlVe«, and the best ..Moans of preventing or mitigating the disaitrouB consequences of such occurrences, met yesterday afternoon at ita quarters in Bric|ge-«troot. The preaiiiont (Dr. Garran) presided. Iiettors were rood from t\e seoretary of tho Australian Oo-opefativo Bottlers^Pompany, offering on beba'tt of himself, or Mr. Sohoy, M.L.A., to give evidence ; and from Dr. Croo-,' suggesting that Mr. Murray, late of the firm of P. A. BuBsell and Co., bo examined, The only wiWssos put under oxantmation were Mossis. John Parkinson, Bolioitor, and Wi A Murphy, lats seoretary of Jbo Marino Officers" AsBociatioa, Tho formor, who baa had Boroo oxporjienco on the subject in England, Tecommonided th<i formation of apermanont board of oonc-iation, appointed by Government with the approval of the two oontending parties, to apt iu conjunction with Bub-coromittces from tho variqus trades as disputes might arise. Mr. Murphy'Bfevideuoo had Bpeaial reforenoe to the aspects of the .late maritime Btrike, being in many reBpects corroborative of that given by Mr. G. B. Bradley (the .present seoretary) »t the previous Bitting. r)nring hi« evidence re. peated objections were taken by Ma Beaton, one of th« members of tbe Coaunisaion, to tho vagueneú of som» oí thf o¿»tarouui» »ade, but tho objections were, gonerally speaking, overruled. Mr. Murphy will bo further examined on Thursday. Tax chairman (Mr. Benjamin BackbonBo) and tho registrar (Mr. I". C. Rooke) on bihalf of the City of Sydnoy Improvement Board, waited upon tho nowly-elcctod Mayor (Alderman W. P. Manning) jostorJay, and expressod their con- gratulations and thoso of tbo boaid luombers, to the Moyor upon his accesión to office. The chairman of tho board referred to the farowell minute of tbo late Mayor, which correctly stated that harmonious relations now prevailed betwoen the corporation and the board and their respective offioors, to tho advantage of tho oituenB, and to the credit of both of theso imoortant puhho hodios. Ko folt euro that ho expressed the wish of each member of tho board in hoping tint this friendly connection would coutmuo, and tint seither tho present not any futuro Mai or would bave occasion tor remarking-, as Mr. Burdokin had done upon any unfortunate difficulties or etrarnod relations whioh had to Bom. extent existed >n past yoars. Iho Moyor thanked the board, through the chairman and registrar, for their congratulations, and reciprocated tho wish tor a continuance of friondly feeling between tbo corporation and tbo board, bo ng, he said, well assured that it would bo mu'ually bene Acial and a gain to the publio for both bodies to work harmoniously together. Mu. Biand liorT announco3 the last threonights of " ino Gobion Ladder " ibis stirring drama will bo a.tod for the last timo on 1 rmay next, when Mossrs. Geo. li. Sims and "Wilson liarrett's play will terminate a successful run of three woolie. On the following evening, " London Day by Day " will bo producod for tho first time in this city, This now piece, like th_ popular " Master and Man, ' is the joint work of Messrs, Geo, li. Sims and Henry Pettitt. It ii as originally brought out in London, at tho Adelphi Theatie, on ßoptomber 11 1889, and so successful did it been in o that it enjoyed a run of ton consecutivo months One of tbo chief characters in " London Day by Daj " is a comic Jow, a part which Mr. Lionel liignold, who is a cousin of Mr, Goorgo liignold, made a great hit in London. This character will bo playod hero by Mr. Bland Holt " The Corsican Brothers" is in active roheatsil at llor Majesty's Theatre, where its production may bo expoctod on (saturday weolt, the '-5th in- stant This romantia and uitoresUng drama, with ita old homo in Corsica the gaiety of the masque- rade ball, and its snow s.ono in tho forest of Fontainbleau, affords plenty of scope for scomo display. Mr liignold, we understand, will make a departure in dressing the drama in modern costume, a wi e move, for the costume of 1(5-1, in which the picoo bas hithorto been played, is _xcood_n¡,ly trying on the stage. Tho old-fashioned, stilled ghost will also be dis- pensed with m favour of a recent improvement m this respect. Pending tbo preparations for this rovital, the representation of tho oxciting and en- tertaining melodrama, " My Jaok," Till bo con« tinuod. The reproduction of thiB drama is meeting with considerable success, Tnr last two nights of " The Sohoolmistrcas " are adverti'ed at the Criterion Theatre Mr, A W, Pinoro's amusing fnrci.al play will, accordingly, bo withdrawu alter to-morrow night s per- formance. On Friday next, Messrs. Brough and Bouoioault will stags .' lhe Colonel," the three act comedy by Mr. I. C, Barnand, editor of Punch, and adaptor of "Botsy" and numerous other woll known pieces " 'iho Colonel," Uko "The Serious Tamil)," is founded on " Lo Man ii la Campagno " It is wntton m Mr, Burnand's hveliost stylo. It was first acted at tho little Prmco of Wales Theatre, lottenham Court-road-so long tho homo of Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft-on February 2, lb81. It was played for the last time thoro on July 24, 188-', when it reached its 55Uth consocutivo performance, Mr. and Mrs. Brough, Mr. Q. S, Titboradge, and Mr. Ceoil Ward will, with other mombers of the com- pany, be soon in " The Colonel" Tin: Widow O'Brien and hor merry companions aro.dolighting the visitors to the Garrick Theatre. " Bridget O'Bnon, Esq," as the piece is called in which the popular Mr. John V. Sheridan now appoars is a bright sequel to ' Fun on the Bristol." Like its predecessor, it is divided into two sots, ia the first of which Mr, Shondan is again seen to best advantage, as a comedian. His performance in this part of tbo work ib a capital bit of comic acting, amueing, but never valgan, Ino seoond act is mainly devoted to lively and acceptabl« songs and pretty dancos _he mock-sentimental duet, " -he Littlo Peach," sung by Mr, Sheridan and clover Miss Gracie VVhiteford, is thoroughly excellent. Mr, Sheridan's season mil, as previously stated, termínalo on Iriday, the 21th inBtant, as "Bridget O'Bnon, Lsq," is due the fol- lowing wook at the Thealro Boyal, Melbourne. On Saturday, tim 25th, Miss Myra Kumblo will com- mence a short return visit to bydnoy with the favourite " Dr. Bill" A performance is to bo given at the Criterion Theatre this afternoon in aid of the widow and children of the lato oitoemod actor, Mr. John Mus- grave. Tho promotora of tho matinee have oro vided an exceptionally attractive programma Ibo first item will bo an act iroin "The Goldern Ladder," by the Bland Holt oompany. A Bong by Mr. Harry Itiokards and a banjo solo by Miss Nellie Arlino will ptecido tho stoond act of Mr. Burnand's laughable " Betsy," Mr. and Mr1. Brough, Mkbgs Pattie Browne, Emma Xeinplo, E Bomor, Spong, and Major, with Mesara, G, W. Anson, Tnheiadge, Ward, and Boucicault will appear in tho latter selection. The Misses Albu, Miss Gracio White* ford, Mr. John F. Sheridan, and Mr. Heury Imano have lundi) consented to sing, and tho Harvey Brothers will appear, The programme lull con- clude with tho wclcomo re-appearonce of Mi°s Maggie Meoro, Bnpportcd by members of Her Majesty's oompany m an act fron "Meg, tho Castaway," A meeting was held at Her Majesty's Theatro yesterday afternoon for the purposo of arranging a benefit in aid of Signor and Signora Majeroni. The theatrical profession waa repreiontod by most of tua leading actors and managers now in Sydney, and among otnor sympatkisoia was the lion. IX O'Connor. Mr, George Hignold waa unanimously votoi to the chair. Dr. Burne was appointed treasurer, and Messrs. L. J, Lohr and 0. li. Bailey were elected horn secretarios Pieliuunory matters of the usual nature having been disposed of, it was arranged that a special mannte should bo given at her Majost/s theatre on or about Woduoiday, May 6, the exact date of tho performance to be subject to tho approval of his Excellonoy the Governor, as the committee hope to obtain the patronage and prosonoa of Lord and Lady Joreey in aid of these deserving artists. It was further setllod that tbo sale of tickets should commence on ¡saturday next, A concert was given by tho membois of the Roma Amateur Entertainors, assisted by friends, last Monday ovoning, m St. John's Schoolroom, Darlinghurst, in aid ol a fund to complote tbo purchase of a piano for the local parochial association, Thero was a largo attendance, the schoolroom being tastefully decorated, und tho items rendered were highlv ap prouatoJ. Mrs. Palmer acted as accompanist and tho following ladios and gontlemeu took pait - Miss G, Palmor, Miss Thorne Miss Walker, Miss Wilson, Mrs. Hammersley, Mons. Henri Kowal- ski, Messrs Dunsmure, A. E. Nott, A. Bluhdorn, (j. Uoidol, and li. taylor, lhere were also two part songs, " Call John " and ' bilont Night," by lady and gentlemen amatours, und two dialogues, " Two Office Boys" and " Truo and Ealso Friends," tho oharaotors being taken by sovoial -tombera of tho lloma Amateur Eolertauicra. A ___ri!>a har been held of members of the Goverumout Pruning Oftico Dramatic and Musical bocio t_, together with representativos ol the Per- manent Submarine Miners, to arrange foi a concert to be held in aid of the widows and orphans of the victims of the late Muidlo Heud catustiopho. A committee was appointed to arrange details. A concKQT was given in St. John's sohoolroom, Parramatta, on Monday evening, by the members of tho Harris Park brauoh of the Churoh of Eng- land Tomperanco Society, Tho prooood. wore in aid of tha piano fund. The Venerablo Arobdoaoon Gunther presided and delivored a short address. Tmm- is but little to add to what has already boen mado publio ia oonnootion with tho calamity at the Hoads at tbo close of the recent onoampmonL Tbo £25 voted from the Service Women's Belief Fund to the wid.w of Corporal M'Xce has boon ?ont to Colonel de Wolski, who will disburse it in suoh sums as Mrs, M'Xse may from lime to time require, Corporal M'Kee's oomrades in tbe Perma- nent Artillery have taken in band the oause of his widow, and have, as a start, subscribed a sum of £20-au aot of piaise worthy generosity. In a letter addressed to Mrs. Spalding yesterday, by Mrs. HarnniKud, the latter lady intimates her grateful acceptant» of Miss Macaulay's euer to caro for and educate one of the fatherless boys. Miss Maoanlay will reooivo Mrs. Hammand's eldest ohild, a boy of 10 years, into her Babool at Darling Point as a full boarder, and will give him euch au éducation as will lit him for the futuro dntios of life. This is by. no moana the first time that Mist. Macaulay has thus shown practical sympathy wita Luthomiii it Mrs. Hammand in her.lettor Z5ml «iate-ol thanks to Lady Jersey, Mrs. SÄ Airey, and other ladlee, who have jSmducIi to lighten her sorrow and cheer nor .iii womanly sympathy. Tai Esr. Georro Hav, late of Cooma Presby fcriinChuroh, who has for the last three months Lubonring in -,onnection with the formation of . mw Presbyterian charge in the. distóos of Dul iilaid Sommer Kill, was, on tho occasion of bis U_r_r Bydnoy, to fulfil an engagement at Walgett, «Maw with an address and purse of sovereigns. Lfollowing is a copy of the addroBs :-"To the L forgo Hay, Dear Sir,-Wo, tho under ¿nd residents of Dulwich Hill and district, Tien»ting year et_rt» in endeavouring to oslab E a Presbyterian churchill the locality mentionod, udlañíg been infornad of your intention to loavo Lipberoof labour, tato this opportunity of tosti L, to your ability is a minister of tho Gospel ¿.ti» «s a citizen, herewith bog your accoptanco .( Us accompanying gift, with an oarnost wish «,1 «anny prosper in vhatovor field you may bo Slid to advanco the iniorosts of the Church with »HotiT«u have so long ard bo ably boon identified. Lu.) Hector A, Stewart, James Ashworth, tore« Stretton, Georgo Ojpo, H. G. Hobbs, ita" I_,IlíT. ifr. Hay, in his reply, stated that in his .riiioi the timo was nearing when the peoplo "aid demand the federation of the various Mutant denominations of the oolonios. The ¡¡Imping of churches, he contondod, was a sorious li__i_M to the progress of Christianity, aud (__M s frightful amount of wasted energy on ¡li mioisteis. tan ibipmenti from Hobart to the English du.it aro liksly to bo largely increased next !"_)_ As is known, the mail eteamors of tho f, and Oi and Orient Oompanios have this season ¿ia luge quantities to London. The B.M.S. [¡»(¡ni, tbe latest to load there, loft Hobart yoster IiTwith several thousands of oases, and the P. and & Company's B.M.S. Parramatta, whioh loaves le, a Suta/day next, is to call there, to be fol- iad lythe Oijont liner R.M.S. Austral a week lltH Tb« Aniflo-AuBtralasiaa Company's pioneor (nit itsunor Port Pirie sailed homeward last iuiij, and the Port Victor, of tho samo line, iu Itogajtomonti to tho number of about 15,000 casca. The loading of the two last aimii ttsamers wore arrangnd for by tho Tumuiiaa Fruitgrowers' Co-operative Shipping liU_eney Oompany, who intend to send some 60,00Dça<9aof frnit next season diroct to Livor |mI (ran Hobart Fruit intended for tho Northern Múa market« will bo shipped to Livorpool jutsadtif London, thus reduoing tho railway car rUji and the attendant rohanuling of the consign- ed- Shipments to London will also be made lut niton, and upon a much mora extensive scale Li tkt list of passongors from Now Zealand by lit Union Company's steamor Haurolo yesterday in 1-tsm. A G. Wobstor and 15. M. Fisher, l-iinita and manager respectively of the Tas tuniui Steam navigation Company, whoso head gffi» ii >t Hobart Somo timo since it was jtnoouad that a movement in the direction of nn inilj-m-tion «f the Union Steam-hip Company li Ko» Zealand and tho Tasmanian Company vu ia oomtemplation. The gentlemen namod ¿mviiitad New Zealand for the purpose of con äüeÜBj the negotiation) which ara stated to bo so ftt ol » satisfactory charaoter. Tho rosilt of tho I!» aaa-fjemeat if accepted by tho shareholders of ill T. S, N. Company will be that whilo the samo "am will bo given the publio it will bo possible io (fat economy by ceasing to run steamers if till respective companies side by side y it present, and a board of management in Mut will probably bo continued. Ono of tho tees of tbo proposal is stated to ho that tho Hiiin' Company has offered shara for Bharo of tho 1,8, N. Company, the former company having BJiljaj many unallotted sharps at oommand as t-ira are in tbo Tasmanian Company, and tho our Kot Talina are about equal. A ieoitob on the " Wondors and Organisation of lila," wa« dolivorod in the William-stroot We¡ 1íjin Schoolroom last night, before a large audience, ii lid of the Mutual Improvement Association Ile Hot. B. Bavin presided. Tra monthly meoting of the board of the Now Bouth Wales Institution for the Deaf and Dumb lad the Blind took place at the institution on Mon- ty afternoon. Prenant-The Hon. Dr. Ronwiok (preaident) in the chair, Messrs, F. It. Dobinson and lime. Henry, vice-presidents ; Mr. Bobt. Hills, li«, treasurer; Mr. Ellis P.obinson, hon, secretary; ,UdM¡_sra. Geo, Eemriok, J.P., J. S. Harrison, and p mporintsndent, Mr. Watson. Salarios and «-uals to the amount of £525 Is lOd m authorised to bo paid. The foUow iag tiers the principal receipts during the flit nonth !-Government subsidy, £.50 ; sub iripiis-s; and donations, £146 8s ; and school foes, ¡5110- Tho ban. soorotary intimatod that tho -strut far the alteration« and additions had boon «¡ltd, a clerk of warks appointed, and that til work would bo started without delay. The lei lecretary also reported that an enj'nyablo tuart took place at the institution on tho 8th instant, lalle presence of a large audianeo, and that £7 12s Tuctllicted in aid of the musical instrumeut fui A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the jato-ira. One application for admission and ono _f it-admission wore submitted and appravod, t-lthiadmü-ion of one new pupil (blind), »ince ttipiifiou. meeting, was reported by the bon. fccntirr, A satisfactory report on his work at the hátation waa received from Mr. Novillo G. Bar kit, liiitiaj; professor of musio, and adopted. Tai monthly meeting of the board of the H03 (iül for Biok Children waa hold on Monday after- ama. Thara woro present-Mr. Justice Stephen (allis chair), Mosdaoiea Lee Lord, Riohardsoa, Hirl, Ifimio, Bolisario, Huntor-Baillio, Littlejohn, Hut, Thornton, Griffiths, the Misses Stephen and Unto, Sir Alfred Roberts, the Hon. Sir A. Stephen, Hwt. a Griffiths and H. W. Hammond, Dra. Start and dubbo, and Mr. H. 0. Kent (hon. secre .n), An apology for absenco was received from Ï» J. 0, Fraser. The house committee's report for Kuch stated that during the month there bad boon Mad 25, discharged 21, deaths 5, and that there tu>43ra_ainiog in hospital: also tbat 20 opera- ba had beoa performed. The house Burgeon's tyrl,ingoing dotailn of tbo cases, stated that all Hide deaths had been fron diphthoria, and that .lulen cases admitted during the month three i »w dying when admitted. The expenditure for J« month had boon £22G as 7d, and the rocoipts |T patients' paymonts £78 ds 3d. Gifta |B lind wore reported from the Countois .1' Jarajy, Mrs. Little, Mrs. Edwards, ÏI9 MaseBeld, Misa Watson, and scholars ft Iks Patarsham Congregational Sunday School, Meakins, Hr. Pitt, au anonymous donor, and w Sjdnay Soap and Candle Company. Salis Jttcrjf reports were received from tho lady visitors p'to past month. Tho visitors appointed for April ¡"iMra, Belieario, Mrs. M. H. Stophen, and Mrs. W Giifdths. The han. treasurer prosented his jMtklj sUtoment of aecounts. Mrs. W. R. «ppbell was elected to fill the vacancy on the tyrdunssd by the retirement of Mrs. Whiting. ijipeoal donation of 20 gninoas was rocoivod »pgh Mr«, J, Q, Irasor, to be devoted to the «ïtasria ward, which donation it was decided to W to a special account, pending tho quoation of »(removal of the hospital. Upon tho rocom Jjuiioa of the hon. raedioal staff Dr. John "jon waa appointod to the post of houso surgeon, n«n«ly to-porarily filled by Mr. Alston. » if %mi anniversary of the pastorate of the , Í F("nyi:e, M.A., was celebrated last night by 'Mm meeting, whioh waa held in tho Point gwoad Congregational sohoot-hall, Tho build ^.TProttily decorated with foras, evergreens, » ÍCr*1* TeS WM BMV6d at h"11'?184 C> and »2*ll|i mooting, whioh was presided ovor by the »"»'[of the ohurch, was held at half-pist 7. T>|«t tho!6 on tho platform woro-tho Revs. ï^tPWl, T. Hope, and W. J. L. Close. jT* Women all delivered suitable addresses. f* "* 'Poko to young men and women on the aux 0t °iTtJiae Christianity into the whole I Mu.Hr.H»pe dealt with the need for reality Vol j P"^'0' commercial, and religious life. a«l_ii th"k" *er<1 Pas8oJ *° ta0" who had T«d-Ue proceeding» of the evening. Tho »1.1 "*,g MTeral «ithemg at intervals, and tho ?"Ngolosod with prayer and the benediction. A meeting for the purpose of forming a West Sydney branch of the Labour Electoral League of New South Wales was held in the Catholic Young Men's Association Hall last night: Mr Geo. Herbert secretary of the Coal Lumper's Union, presiding. There was not a large attendance. After Mr J ? West and Mr J. C. Watson had explained the objects of the league to those present, it was moved and carried that a committee of nine be appointed with the secretary and treasurer pro tem, t0 carry out the objects of the Labor Electoral League in West Sydney. BiliV'¿b,iS meiitinK hold in the Dundos Town »..» jonday ovening, it was deoided to form a g^WMiooiaUon for tho north-eastern portion of ¿¡ffi* I" 1» known r_ the Eastwood Progress ¿«-lad Ootrrt sat again yertetday, and dealt '.««darabliinu-bsiofcMBB, On» presented ^«uro« of an unusual nature. It was »«un co-tset between two parties-ftf. hplder of an occupation liceos« and an applicant for an additional homestead leaae- involving the. right to nso certain Crown lands, which iroluded a lake. The President expressed an opinion which ^was moat decidedly adwrae to the olaims of both parties, urging that the lake -should be reserved in the interests of the pnblic This expression was' takon as indicating a disposition on tho part crt' tho Court to return tho matter lo tho local land board for rovisirxn, re- hear- ing, or further consideration, vnd argument tben'took place bearing upon the jurisdiotion of the Court, Ultimately tbo appeal waa dismisaod on a technical ground, and the Présidant, Mr. Krandis concurring, urged that, that was a case in whioh it was desir- able for tho Minister for Lands to consider whether tho land in question should not bo reserved from sale or lease. At a sitting of tbo Land Board in Parramatta, yesterday,. Messrs. 'J?. W. Harriott and IL Kaper presiding, appiicition was mado, by the Dundas Municipal O-uncil. for a loase of the Pennant Hills quarry. The Doard found as follows :-" Tho hoard rooommond a lease for 10 yoara for tho pur- pose of obtaining' ballast of tho aroa applied for under tho condition ¿hat stono in spalls be delivered at the quarry mouth ¿or tho use of tho Government or adjoining munieipavities at a price not oxc.od ing 'Is per cubic yard. That dwolli»gs or oth-or structures bo removed ni the termination of tho loato without compensation, and at tho cost of the lóaseos, and the board appraise1 tbo rent as fellows : < -£10 for the first year, .ibO a year for the noxt throe years, and £100 a year for the remainder of the term." They- Council has the right to appeal to the Minister. At the Parramatta Council, on ïi-uday evening, the inspeotor of nuisances mado a report with refer- ence to the pollution of the Parramatta uiver. He said that ho had learned that rofuso water from the Government institutions was conveyed to the river by means of the drainpipes leading tbei-ito. The refuse thus lot run into the river was oon ciderable, when it was taken into consideration tmat there wero 1080 inmates in the Hospital for Inaa.n«, 860 io the gaol, and 100 in the Girls' Industrial tiohool. He had notified tho reaponsiblo officers of those institutions to the effect that the nuisanoe mu.lt be abated within 14 days, otherwise he would suggest i that legal proceedings be takon. At the Woaleyan Centenary Soboolroom, Par- ramatta North, on Monday ovoning, the Boy. J. W. Inglis delivered a lecture on " Inoiilents in oonnccüon with tho life of John Gough." Tha leoture was under the auspices of the Evening* Star Lodge, I.O.G.T. A voto of thanks was tendered to the lecturer at the close of his interesting ad- dress. Ox the attitude of the Iioman Oatholiff Priests in the Par-nil orisis, Archbishop Croke has written a letter to the Dublin Freeman's Journal, in whioh ho Bays:-" Do you think there ia any honest a_sd fairly intelligent man in Ireland, or out of it, who beliavoB that tho 27 bishops who pronounced against Parnell on the 28rd of Doosmber jumped forward and fulminated against him simply to gratify Mr. Gladstone in obodience te hie dictation ? If any Irish Catholic can bring himself to believe suoh conduct possible on the part of the overwhelming body of tho bishops of his Churoh, I would strongly reojmmond him to join somo other Christian com- munity at once. The bishops have not forced this fight. Mr. Parnell has forced it by his gross misconduct The prioste are not compelled to follow, and I hereby positively deolaro that I shall look on all my priests in tho same light whether thoy conscientiously dénosnos Mr, Parnell or sup- port him, the latter boing I think, impossible," It is not often that an Irish Boman Oatholio Aroh biBBop-particularly ono who is an ultra Nationalist -is rebukod by a journal idontifiod with "tho cause," but the recant split in tbo Irish Nationalist camp hoB brought about some envious points. Archbishop Oroko, in a letter to tbo Cork papers, discusses Mr. Parnoll's olaim to the leadership, He says : " Mr. Parnell can nover bo leader, bocauso three-fourths of tho intelligence, all tho warüth, and an overwhelming Bharo of Irish influence would bo arrayed against him. Australia and New Zealand aro solid against him, and he might as wvul call himself Bajah of Hydorabad as tho leader of tho Irish pooplo." Tbo Dublin iY-oman.'. Journal, commonting on Archbishop Oroko's letter, eivys: " It is not wo who have given up nome Bule for a eplondid phantom ; it is the Archbishop who giv.es up Homo Bulo to a hideous nightmare." 0.1 tho intendod effect of the siait of the Empresa Frodorick to Franco tho Spectator offers somo re- flections, and among them is the following : " King Joseph, in one oh his letters, tells his Imperial brother of Franco th_t the people of Naploi have begun to love their now Sovereign, and that thoy hate the old Queen. Te this, Napoleon replies by cynically advising his brother not to boliova any of tho nonsense talked by courtiers as regards popular likoa or dislikes for parti- cular individuals. They aro more evanos cent expressions of fooling upon whioh it is quite unsafe to dopond. '"What,' ho adds, 'ono nation really bates is another nation,' We fear that there is a profound truth in this saying. National hatreds are never obliterated, though thoy are sometimes temporarily ooncealod, by tbe personal popularity which a par- ticular man or woman may gain in a foreign country. Thoy dopond upon oause» that have no relation with thoso that produce the popu- larity of tho individual, and are only altered by circumstances that affect the whole being of a commonwealth. Evan if the limprea. Frederiok had become intensely popular in Paris, and tho mob had shouted 'Vive l'Impératrice I ' tho national situation would not have boen altered by a hair's-broadth. What the Frouoh hate is, not the Hohenzollern family, or ewen Prince _-is marok-if the ex- Chancellor were seriously beliovod to bo plotting against his country, it is quite concoivablo that ho might be cheered, on the Boulovards-but the German nation, and no amount of successful Imperial visits to Franoo would do the slightest good. Ab a matter of faot, the present vi-it can hardly be described as successful even from the personal point of view. There was no actual insult offered to the Empresa, and the artists and dealers who had pictures and bric- ù-brac to sell, wore ef course polite ; bat, at tha same time, tbo old attitude described in Gaznbatta'a famons phraso was nevor dropped for a moment; ' Never speak of Alsace and Lorraine, bud never cease to think of thom,' woe as muoh the national ordor of tho day when tho Empress was in Paris as when last abo was celobrating the anniversary of Sedan in Berlin." It is no soorot (observes a London paper) that a difference bee for somo time existed between em- ployers and ernployoJ in the printing trade. It is needless to discuss details. The mon made cortair demands which tho masters wero not disposed to grant. It is enough to say that tho situation con- tained all the elements of a very pretty quarrel, A great industry »as threatened with dislocation. But, instead of a Btriko or an appeal to bruto force, tho two parties sat down quietly and talked the matter over, with the rosult that an amicable settlement was arrived at, Tho printers, in a spirit whioh does them infinite oredit, abated their domands, and mado an honourable compromise possible without the intervention of any concilia- tion boards, or seleot committeoa or special com- missions, all of whioh art', no doubt, excellent things in their way. but rather out of place in a trade dis- pute. If the London scale oan bo revised, aftor a user of 80 years, on friendly linos, why, ono asks, oannot all trade disputes be settled by the only parties concerned in a spirit ef common senso ? But this is not tho first time that printers have let an example to the rest of the world. Oa-tatk Trivtitb, the French expHorer, has set eui again for Africa (says the London Standard), but not in the best of humours towards his country, between whioh and England he draws, with no little bitterness, a comparison distinctly unfav.ur ablo to Franoo. English people, he points out toko a real interest in explorers, and they readily find the assistance thoy need to carry out their projoots. The fact, however, that he has once crossed Equatorial Africa, and that he leaves now, firmly convinced that he will bo able to opon up a road to the interner by way of Libreville, has not sufficed to move leis country to aot liberally towards him, all that he has succeeded in obtaining in the shape of funds being a subsidy to tho really trilling amount of Ü000 francs frotu tho Town Council and Chamber of Commerce of Bordeaux. This is oertainly a very paltry sum, and ono can understand that the explorer ebeald feel dis- appointed at tho lack of interest whioh French people tako in what he describes as " noble enterprises.'' But it has to be remembered that the French Government has net iup»»rUd Captain Trivior1« enterprise; and aorois the Channel people ara so used to everything being supported, or, at all events, started by Government subsidies, that anything undertaken on private initiative does not stand much ohance of rousing their interest Frenchmen willingly offor a banquet to an explorer on his return, bat their interest in him does nat go fat. The Rev. C. Olarfc will leotnrai __is evening In the Balmain Town Hall. A ST/ïpLEMBrfT to the Govêmmefit Otnttt» wat published on Monday-, giving a Hat of the namss of tho«« to «bom unclaimed letters b*ve been __d»«ee_. 