TORQUEMADA AND THE INQUISI- TION. (Belgravia.) The judgments of tho Inquisition were always given in a large place, capable of containing a groat number of people, three or four thousand, in the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different heights or 'degrees, some for the accused, ethers for the tribunal of the Inquisition and coun- sellors of thu kingdom, and towering above all the others, that of the Grand Inquisitor. In the space between was placed n chair for the preacher, with an altar by its side and a stool fur the criminal who was to hear his sentence. Tho ceremony generally took place on a Sunday-on a good day good work, thought these terrible men-commenc- ing nt six o'clock in the morning, and going on till six in the evening. They took the prisoners from their dungeons, giving eacli one a little vest, having sleeves tagged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of black linen striped with white. Outside this dress they put aSanlienito, which is a sort of cloak or scapulary, which hung down in the front, and at the back, after the fashion of a herald's coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be before- hand from the different colours of the cloaks, and the figures, ¿c., on them. Those who were condemned to death had Sanbenitos of yellow linen with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who, having been condemned to death, bad escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condemnation, wore a scapulary called Samarra, on which were embroidered flames burning down- wards, such os the Portuguese call Pogo Revoito, and those condemned to be burnt alive a grey Samarra, on which was represented a man surrounded by flames and devils stirring up the fire. At the end of the Scapulary the victim's name and crime were written. They also wore pasteboard caps in the shape of a sugar loaf or conical mitre garnished liberally with flames and imps, callled carochas. They were then gagged in a most painful way, eo that the mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties waa placed before them and they were ironically invited to «at. The farce being over, each one was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the public square by a familiar of the Holy Office, who under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be responsible for his un- happy companion throughout the whole grim performance. Thon the procession would start. First marched the Domini cians, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honour of going first because he was the first Inquisitor of his faith ; then came the other In- quisitors, the high dignitaries of the Church, the nobility, and magistrates ; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the pasteboard caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. In the middle of the pro- cession a large crucifix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who had escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at thc place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the con- version of the Jews and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon was brushed, an Inquisitor took the preacher's place and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, con- ducted by an Alcaide, placed himself on his knees before the Inquisitor, who read his procès and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an Inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who had escaped death, and absolved them from the excom- munication vwhich they had incurred, giving each one a little stroke with a rod. The sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, that thc officers of the Inquisition dared not speak to the accused nor show them the slightest ruarlt of friendship-not even the godfathers who walked beside them. But the moment they were absolved from their excommunication tliey might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed to suffer there happened to bc a priest, he was stripped of his canonicals, which he was allowed to wear to the lost, that his humiliation and degradation might be greater, and then, to remove the oil of his consecration, he was subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. His lips, hands, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was put willi thc common herd to await his final punishment. Those whose execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those condemned to death, and while the former were con- ducted once more to the dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dungeons of the Inquisition, to drag out, some- times a miserable existence for long years in those loathsome places, perhaps in the end, after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, the only refuge from torture and the rack, an imaginary orime; the others who had been con- demned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were con- ducted to the place of execution, where piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner asked them in what religion they wished to die. If they said they wished to die Christians, they were mercifully strangled before being burnt; if notj-and the Jews'and Mahommed&ns; often adhered to their religion with dogged courage, suffering ' any tortures rather than recant-they were burnt alive. Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any. intercourse with the outer world, seeing no one but the jailer, and a priest of the Romish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, ' with tlie fear of unknown horrors before them ; for Torquemada knew not tlie quality of mercy,' «nd in tho deep and impregnable vaults of the Inquisition lind his unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them confess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the tortures being more, in many coses, than human nature could endure, no end of people confessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight in a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flickering torches, these fiends, in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. "Whether man, matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires pulleys, screws i-all thc apparatus by which the sinews could be strained without cracking, the bones bruised without breaking, and the body racked exquisitely with- out giving up its ghost-was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at Iiis victim through holes cut in the hood which muffled his face, practised successively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of the monks had invented." The heavy noisome air of the dungeons resounded with the cries and' groans of the miserable wretches, who in those mediaeval days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had been born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Torquemada and his bloodhounds for that? They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must suffer, in that they did not belong to the Holy Church of Rome. So they were stretched on the rack, until their strained joints were like to crock, and burst asunder ; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire-a foretaste of that cruel death at the stake to which so many were to come at last; they were suspended from the ceiling by their hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's fingers were crushed and bruised ; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces of their flesh pinched away with red-hot irons ; their toe and finger nails were torn off; their teeth dragged out ; they were forced into machines that pressed the knees up to the chin, bent the head down on the breast, and cramped them in a most painful fashion ; they were suspended by sharp hooks driven in under the shoulder- blades; they were nearly torn asunder by ropes and pulleys ; they were prodded with red-hot needles all ov%r the body and limbs ; and a refinement of torture whicli Torquemada often ordered, was to have a cloth tied over the nose and mouth of the victim, and a monk, who sat beside, kept dropping water on the cloth, which must have produced a most painful sense of suffocation. Torque- mada, in 1498, the author of so much woe and misery, the object of such bitter hatred, died peaceably in his bed ! " For tlie advancement of the faith all means aro lawful." If this were not, it sliould have been bis motto. "The convictions of Torquemada," says M. Rosseu wSaint-Hilaire, "were sincere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life ; but with what astonishment, mixed with horror, does one view this life gven up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour and perseverance that others do good ! His nejrffeicemains for all time detested and abhorred amongst men. But his evil work, unhappily, is not dead with him. During more than three centuries the 'Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet bears ita impress. 