THE MYSTERY OF M. FELIX. ? JST R L. FAKJEOlN, Authcc of "Great Porter - square," Farebrother," Slc., &o.; 'Miser CHAl'TEIJ LI. SOPHY Hi KES A STRANGE STATEMENT. ... I had never seen Dr. Peterssen, and I imagined it was he who had so unexpectedly presented himself. In that case I was in a quandary. The desk had been stolen from l)r. Petersen's house, and the clever little thief was dozing in the room. I was implicated in the theft, and had forced the lock with burglar's tools. Without counting the cost we had taken the law into our own hands •-usurped *T its functions, ~i> so to epeak. Bring- miffhfc wg snch a ma.n as Dr. Peterssen to book mignt prove an awkward fix for us. nowster, i determined to brazen it out. M as The made desk and being the open, Bdver the with wood which of it which was in- it , laid were not so apparent as they would have been had it been closed. Tbe_ stranger's eyes did nat rest upon it, but wandered to taophy. My gase followed his, and I was surprised to observe that there was no sign of recognition in iiis face. But he may be acting a part, I thought. , I soon discovered that all my conjectures were wrong. . " Am I right in supposing that I am addressing Mr. Agnold ?" he asked. He spoke with a foreign accent. i " No," I said, " my name is not Agnold." I "Mr. Tucker, then?" { . ""Yon are right there." ' " Mr. Agnold mentioned your name in his letters to Mrs. Braham," said the stranger, 1 *' Both yon and Mr. Agnold are working in that lady's interests. It is exceedingly kind of yon." I stared at him. This was not the language that Dr. Peterssen would have used, and my first' doubts being dispelled, I saw that my visitor was a gentleman—which Dr. Peterssen is not. But who could he be ? I thought it best to hold my tongue. I wished to avoid compromising myself. " I also," continued the stranger, " am here in Mrs. Braham's interests. My business admits of no delay. It is necessary that I should see Mr. Agnold immediately." " He is in London," I said. This information appeared to disooropose bim, but only for a moment. " Yon represent Mr. Agnold ?" " Yes, I think I may say as much." "Thank you. I have a letter here addressed to him, bat it is in an open envelope, and as Mr. Agnold's representative there can lie no objection to your reading it." I read the letter, and now in my turn I must have exhibited some sign of discomposure. Without being able to recall its contents word for word I can sufficiently explain its nature. It was to the effect that the gentleman who presented it, M. Bordier, •was empowered by the lady we were working for to join us, if he aeaired, or to take the aSaic entirely in his own hands, and assume the direction of it. " You are M. Bordier," I said. He bowed. -'I am M. Bordier. The position in which Mrs. Braham and I stand to each other warrants my presence here at this untimely hour. It is due to Mrs. Braham tfrabam that I should say it was at my nigent request she ' has given l me authority to act for her. I am acquainted with all the circumstances of your jnoceedings eo far as they have been disclosed ' in Mr. Agnold's letters." Again his eyes -wandered to Sophy, and he moved a step or i two towards her with a look of sympathetic j eagerness. "Is that the young gM who was taken to Dx. Peterseen's establishment as a ' r ?es," I replied. , , ! ''Her task, thea, is ended. She was ra search of a desk. She is a brave little girl, and shall be rewarded. A desk of cedarwood, in- j laid with silver." He turned suddenly to ma, [ and approached the table. " She has mo- ° needed, he said, laying his hand upon the ; desk and raising the lid. " Yes, it iB the deek. j How did yon open it? Did you have the , ley!" ' "No," I said with a guilty glance at the ' tools with which I had picked the look. { " Ah, I see. There iB a secret drawer in this desk, and yon have been seeking for it. Allow i me. When I was a young man I had some • knowledge of this kind of thine, and was acquainted with the tricks employed by inge- , nious makers to construct a receptacle in | whioh important papers might be safely >ly con- c ' ! eealed. This is no common piece of work, i and the so-called drawer may be merely a false *, with little space behind, but sufficient for toe purpose. 1 will take the liberty of rnBcof; nr tools. This dumb shape of wood, Mr. Tucker, may be the arbiter of the feappiness of human lives, may be the means of bringing a foul wrong to light." While he Spoke be was busy measuring the th'ckness of nereides, and bade and every part of the -desk, putting down figures on paper to prove whether any epace was not accounted for. He knew what he was about, and I followed his movements with curiosity, learning so jiething from them which may be useful in the future. "There is no actual drawer," he continued : "it must be a panel." He completely emptied ' the desk of its papers, and then began to sound the bottom and the sides, listening for eigne of a hollow space. " It is a clever piece of work- . manship, but if there i3 a panel I will find it. I would rather not destroy the desk, but I will do it before I rive up the hunt, if I do not succeed in a legitimate way. Ah, I have it! There it a panel. A man might have this desk in his possession a lifetime and not suspect it. See,it moves in a groove, and there is a. paper behind." \- Sureenough M. Bordier succeeded in sliding a panel in a cunningly made groove, and in drawing forth a paper which had been carefully folded and flattened and inserted in its hidingplace. There was an eager light in his eyes, and -his .fingers trembled as he unfolded the paper and read what was written thereon. A long sigh of satisfaction escaped him, and he murmured;— " Thank Cod 1 Poor lady, poor lady! But your Bufferings are ended now.'' " M. Bordier," I said, "will you allow me to read the document t" He folded it up again, preserving its original creases, and put it in his pocket. "Mr. Tucker,"he said,- speaking with great politeness—but this he had done all through— *• the document I have found relates to a privote matter of exceeding delicacy, and I can not show it to you. It is, indeed, a family secret, and none but those directly interested bave a right to see it. Thanks for your courtesy, and good-night." Before I bad time to remonstrate with him for his high-handed proceeding he was gone I was dumbfoundered. It is not often that I find myself unable to act on the spur of the moment, but M. Bordier had deprived me of any eelf-poeeession. In a moment or two, however, I recovered myself, and ran out of the loom after my Tuitor. I saw no signs of him; fee had vanished. I made my way immediat to the telegraph office and sent Agnold a tele- gram, which brings me back to the commencing words of this entry. " I returned to my room in the inn. Sophy was still dozing. I began to be beset by doubts. What if the stranger who had introduced himself to me as M. Bordier should ! turn out not to be M. Bordier after all t i What if the letter he gave me to read from j Mrs. Braham ehuuld be a forged letter ? I am j greatly to blame. I deserve to have my head : jmnched." • By the time I came to the end of this strange i gtory Sophy had finished her supper, and now ' came nearer to us." " Well, Bob," I said, " you have made a mess of it. ! " Admitted," said Bob. " Take your share of the blame. You should not have run away to London. Believe my doubts. Was it, or was it not, M. Bordier who came . kere!" i "It was certainly M. Bordier," I replied, i " The {lady you call iMrs. Braham gave him ' such a letter as you have described, and it is j scarcely possible any other person could have ; obtained possession of it." j "That is some satisfaction. All the same, I bave behaved like a fool. I ought not have ) allowed him to escape me. I ought to have laid violent hands on him, and detained him till your arrival." " You would not have sucoeeded. Bob. Tram the opinion I have formed of him he would not have submitted, and you would have found yourself worsted. If the document he discovered is what I hepe it is, he has a better right to it than yon or L And now, Sophy," I said, turning to the girl, " what is this scare of yours, which has taken all the blood out of your facet" "Stop a bit," said Bob. "It is Sophy's desire that things should be led up to. Let us lead up to this. __ _ , „ Sophy nodded, and I said, Go on, Bob." "Well," said he, "I woke Sophy up when X sot bade here, and told here it was beet she should go to bed. Her room was ready for her, , and she was dead tired. She refused, and said she would wait up for you—I had told her I had sent yen a telegram to come down immediately. I would not let her wait up, but insisted upon her going to bed. She gave in, ai.d I took her to her room. Imagine my enrnriee. An hour before your arrival she lutned into this room with a face as white as a sheet, and fell down all of a heap into the corner there. I thought she must have had a nightmare, but I oould get nothing out of her. 8be was too frightened to be left alone, and when I started to meet you at the station she came with me. . Tried to pump her on the road. Useless. Offers of bribes thrown away. Kot a wcrd would she say of the cause of her iright. She promises to be more communicative to yi u." "Speak out, Sophy," I said. "I have no secrete from Mr. Tucker, and he must hear -wbatyou have to telL" ' '*X<m11 never believe me," said Sophy, in a low, fear-stricken tone, "but if it's the last I ever speak it's the truth, and the 'ole truth, and nothink but the truth, I sor it is as plain as I see yon." " Saw what ?" I asked. " The ghost of Mr. Felix," she replied. 