AGRICULÏÛEAL NOTES. On Saturday the Agricultural Department . n>ade the last of their present season's shipments of butter to England undi-r the bonus system. . In r -poVting on the previous shipment, made on the 27th December, Mr Wilson, tlie dairy expert, states tliKfras the season advances the butter deteriorates in quality, "proving," as he points out, "'that the early shipments'will be the best butter, an-.L, unless in an extraordinary season like the present, exportiug should eea?e before the end of the year." If it be true that the but'er merchants or " middleman," >meji, anil not the dairy F" I- iner.-, reap the benefit of the bonus' paid ! by TBEWÎATE ate FI-R f.-r the export of butter, the ÎOTIYT have managed to SECURE a NICE sum in connection with the shipments of surplus butter during the season of 1800. A return prepared hy the officer of IHE Agricultural department shows that during the season in question 440 tons 10 cwt butter was exported to London, and from the commencement of the system up to the present tinjelbonuseshave been paid to ibe extent oL£2423 18s '4d. A largp»-iuiniber gî Butter factories have been established, and are in most eases being carried/>N successfully, Up to the present time the bonuses paid on account of these establishments amount to £3408 IT wiV be reuieiuberi-d that last summer a L^NU* was offered for the invention of YIV nietlio I by which dairies cmld be FCCEPT l ot weather, the appliance t n it'S working to,BE also a conu.ercial success. A large NHIIIB-r of designs were sent in to the Agricultural Department last summer for trial, and many of them were teste I during that summer. The inter- vention of winter put a stop to the experiments. and SI NUMB 'rof the systems were LED over lor attention this summer. Up to the present, however, owing to their being practically no hot weather, I HE continuation of the tests lia« been delayed. As soon as the summersets in in earnest the experiments ivill be resumed ; but. it is und'-ri'tond that the Agricultural Department have little faith whatever in any of the inveii'ions performing what required of them. The ne-vs of the rabbit pest of Australia aflfears to have spread throughout the civilised world, and the inventive faculties of nearly every nation seem to have been exercised in order to suggest a cure. By t'<e last European mail, Mr S. J. Black, who has charge of the special division of the Lands d«partment which has the rabbit under its care, received a large number of letters from German correspondents who are anxious to secure the reward which is supposed to be under offer for the best specific. It inay be explained, thatthe New South Wales Government, some time ago, did offer a reward of £25,000, but the offer has now been withdrawn. Correspondents confound one colony with another, and therefore suggest many ingenious, not to say ludicrous, devices, for the ' eradication of the pest, in hope of obtaining the large sum mentioned. One resi dent of Berlin has made the mistake of supposing that the " rabbit pest" is a disease, and that tho rabbit is an animal which colonists ace anxious-to preserve. He therefore sagely indicates the best methods of treatment for the poor patient—hcniœpathic and allopathic. Amufing letters have also been received from America. A Philadelphian " Sup pliant for the reward" suggests that a nnmber of the rabbits should be caught, amed with spikes, and let loose among their companions, so as to carry death and devastation into their ranks. The following characteristic epistle from a settler of Buffalo is suggestive of the time-honored "hint that- a snre 'way bf catching birds is to put salt on the tails : —" Having read jin a newspaper that you have a great calamity with rabbits in your country, I hereby allow myself to give you the following advice :—Pence in one acre of prairie land with a tight fence containing opt gate ; build in the centre of this land ak oven, like for melting iron with a kratfr on the top ; build around the oven a r®d up to the top- Build a good fire in 1, like to melt iron ; chase about 10,000 Abbits inside o^the fence, then shut the gUe ; drive them up on the road to the k&ter.; They* very likely will fall in, açàâ 0ey wilt be not only killed but the ideai fpodies also will be gone for ever, i If yi<V build several of these ovens in different parts of your countiy, I believe you wduld soon get rid of your trouble about rabbits. This advice sounds * kind of cruel, t> nt after all it might be no Mora cmelthanif they were chasted stod shot." Î A •• you^ lady" at St Kilda sent to gaol for 12 months, for wholesale roberies". Declared to lie " a wolf in sheep's clothing." A Jhe country by ication, vvlik]^ i-^ays . . ^^^^ foreign capital I » d-v<^Ponr- vast mineral resources /which are positively known to have la/n liiddeu and undeveloped for so Ion- a. period ; 5th, it means also opening up a vast.field for employment,.^ • thereby increasing the " number of wr-ges' men in the various districts,and as a consequence increasing the business of ' tlie tradespeople in our townships. Many other reasons couM be set forth, proving that the enrouragement of our cal mining industry will be'the means of malting Gippsland th; most prominent part of Vicior.a. I tlie.e'uriï "suggest the advisability of Forming local associations, having lor their object and determination the idea of tesiir.g and developing the mineral res.nirci's <;f their respective diVtricts. Money, of course, is the chief factor in this, as in almost everything else in the wnrid. fn;l. considering the lavish maimer in which it is'ofttimes expend-d, it isseriouslo contemplate. Already some £80,000 a year is given away, ostensibly in assisting to prospect the country for new fields ; bnt in realitv the greater portion of tiiis . S ! ™ m ^ a ' m^am< f '-o Further foss.ck old w,rkcd-,ut grouud thereby assisting private enterprise, and putting public imoiey to a use that was never intended by Parliament. There are important questions to be 'considered in connection ' with onr coal development and industry, viz.,—Why does not more of the black coal already discovered, and worked in Gippsland, find its way to the Melbourne market? Are we supposed to believe that Newcastle influence as its agency at work in Melbourne, and don't want Gippsland black coal? Are we also to believe that no matte; what we may find in Gipp-^and in the shape of black coal, it <"s not wanted in Melbourne, and wiW receive no encouragement from tli« authorities, when coal is the main factor of traffic ? If so, it • s 1 .ieçVitiuW wc ««ne up the ghost of the B.'ack Diamond," and awaited a brighter and more promising future. The development <>f our mineral resources will be of a two-fold benefit to our farmers, inasmuch as it will enhance I the value of lauded property, and open up new markets for the consumption of their pn-duee. This being the case then, then: should be some effort made to. get assistance front the Government to have the country properly tes ed. No doubt there are many places where tlie diamond drill has been at work, but yet theie remains a vast area of carboniferous and auriferous ground to be properly and practically tested. Well-d : rected efforts, if pushed forward with skiil and perseverance, will give a new and expansive life and energy to an important industry, with the Tesult of realizing permanent wealth bpyond the expectations of the most sanguine, and bringing increased prosperity to the district, which may now be considered as only enjoying but a precarious existence, and living almost entiiely upon the hopes of the future. 