THE BRETON MILLS. By CHARLES J. BELLAMY. CHAPTER .XVI (Coritinucd) ye can't save on machinery, it would spoil yer sales; but if we carderp and weavers and spinners be cut, it don't leave a mark on the cloth. But it leaves deep gashes in our hearts and joys, you be sure." Graves looked at theyoung man to see if he might go on, but he could not read his master's face. He hesitated amoment and then he continued. "There aint a poor bent girl in uhe mill but might live a life so happy it would make a strong man cry to think of it. We are of more account than your machinery. No beltin' or patent self-acting springs could do our work; it takes immortal souls, and intellects in the image of God to do it. It's the same sort of workyon do, and com pare what the two of us gets. We aint fairly paid till we gets, the weakest of us, a taste of the sweet things in this world we have longed for so long. I don't anre what yer wise book men says." Was the young proprietor angry, he stood so gruve and still? What a change! Time was when pity would have shone on every line of his face. But he might have been a statue for all appearance of melting in him now. 1 I pay you the market price, as much as the other mill owners." Well, God have mercy on his poor chil dren, if Phillip Breton could make that ex case! The man sat down without an invi tatios, and leaned his brawny elbows on the table. "Now see here, you told me to speak my mind, and I am agoin' to. We are poor; we ain't got nothin'; we can't lay back and wait for our price. We want somethin' to eat to-day; we come to you for work; we must have work, if it only earns us a loaf of bread. Is it right, then, to value us at what we can be got for? If we could haggle with ye, and hang off the way a little cash lets a man do, there might be some sense in it. But you never let us get enough ahead for that.It's work or go hungry with us. The poorer we gets, the tighter ye can squeeze us, and I sometimes wonder why ye gives us as much as yea.o.,I s'pose a man might live on alittle less. And itsall business, as ye say." Phillip hal Seated hiiisclf, but he said nothing.' He had given the nian the privi lege of his tongue, and he did not seem disposed to stop him. "'Is the right price of a thing what a man '1i give for it? If they had the money, men would give S1,000,000 for a breath of air, when they're stifled. Would it be right to pump off the air, and then lot it on at S1,000,000 a breathing. If you was drown ing, you'd give SI,000,000 to be saved if it was only to hold out a pole to ycr. TIs that a fair price for holdizi' out a pole? We're starvin' unless we can geta bite to eat. Is it any more right to bargain with us for a life of hard work, for just enough to live on ? A man wants somethin' more than food. He wants to send his children to school, to get a loafiu' hour now and then, to make himself somethin' besides a brute. IHe wants-he wants some such things and chances asyou have. Why, squire, we're all men together." The man's eyes looked across at Phillip with a vague wistfulness, as ifhe were thinking of the beautiful possibilities of a life so far all drudgery and want. "But what is there to dol" exclaimed Philip in an impatient tone that put to flight all the workman's foolish fancies. The young man's heart seemed changed to flint. ''You don't want to be objects of charity, do youP John Graves straightened his arms along the table; then he stood up. "Charity! Well, no, not such charity as picks a creature up today as soft as a baby, and drops himn to- morrow like a dog. But if paynl' yer help enough of yer gain so they can know what life is-if that is charity, as you call it, give it to us. Yeo needn't be so precious fraid of hurtin' the laboring classes, as they call 'em, by treatin' 'em too well. They're sinkin' every day lower and lower, and lots of fellows in specs keep a warnin' you not to spoil'eim, not to hurt their pride, or break their spirit by givin' 'em something. As if kindness ever hurt any human soul. Not that I would call it charity; they earns every mite ye'll over give 'em."1 "But if the mills or employers don't make such gains as yoq seenm ts take for grant . "If there ain't money made, why, nobody can find no fault not to get big pay. All I mean is when money is made, and that's pretty often, we ought to have some share in it." "Don:t go, John, I want to ask you"- "I must; I asked out for today," and the door closed after the man. For quite a while after his last visitor had gone, Philip sat with his eyes fixed on the door knob in in tense abstraction. Was he angry at the audacity of the common laborer? When he pushed back his chair and rose to his feet, running his hands through his hair, he made one exclamation: "H'ow blind." But whom he meant, whether his class or the laborers, did not sppeur from his tone or from the bitter smile on-his lips. John Graves would have told i a moment that the young proprietor meant no good to his help. The man had h?ela slimmer of hope that 'hillp Breton might only be waiting for an opportunity, but this inter view had dispelled it from his mind. It was some little time afterwards that PhUp left his counting room and made his way up the street. He was dressed in som berao blaok, and his silk hat was subdued nuit a wide band of crape, But his dress was no more melancholy than his face. Whs: under pressure of business, one would not have noticed it so especially, but the in stant hle was thrown back Ilpon hlimself, his face bee?nlie as sad atld hopeless as the face of the imost wretchel laborer in iis mill. He was tasting the most bitter dp?os in life, he thoutlht. What soul could be iore cFru~sheu tha lisi The time was when it would harp seen impossibo for hii to see a human crea tur, suffer witlhout a thrill of sympathy. It wosd hlve seemed a cruel iand unnatural strolte of fortune, which it was for him to prevent or cure. But he had lessned better, he ?hought. Buffering was common to all; there was no good of tryina to patls4 up this life or that; the terrible disease was forever at work. Conditions made buta little differ nee; rich and poor, high anld low, agonizedl together, ver some form of broken hope., some unsatisfied hunger. The chapel door stood open, and he stopped and looked in. It was lhetre Bertlha and he were to have been mrrtied. And it would have been before this- lbut now. He saw the place where they would have stood together. The clhurchl was empty anid lie walked softly in, as if afraid of disturbing thle ghosts of his dead hopes, who haunted yet, perhaps, the sacred spot they glorlied in all the dreamsoi his early manhood. He walked wearily up the echoing aisle and threw himself into a seat. He bowed his head upon the back of the pew in front of him. haInd ihe no shame tocome to the rescue of his brokenheurti would he grieve forever over a woman that had become another unu's wife? She had called on the lans of the laud for her protec tion; he had no right to even think of her now. She was shut away from him forever. It had become a sin for him now to long for her, though she had been so nearly his, own wife. There was lno plare in the world for unmated lovers like him. If slhe 'lad not married that manl How stranuge that he had heard nothing of that nlarriage; her note had not mentioned it, and no one had spoken of it slnce.IWhy, his belief in her purity wasso absolute he had inot even thought to question her marriige, an4 now it was like a Iglty thing, that he permiitted himself to entertain for a moment terrible fears. Whatvengeance would he stern and relentless enough for him who had ?recked the noblest womanhood ill the world, who had sullied a purity like a I angel's, andl insulted a sacred dignity like Bertha's? Oh, it could not be: no mhil on earth could have been so hold, so impious. How wild his imagination had become. "Oh, I didn't know but it was young I Breton and that B3ertha Ellingsworth that 1 was going toboe married." Two graceless women had come in and seated themselves in a neighboring pew. Philip had been thinking so intensely until now that an earthquake would hardly have disturbed him. "That'll never be," giggled the other; "you don't say you didn't know she eloped with that Curran fellow, though it's been kept pretty stilli" "Do tell!" Philip shuddered. Why were creatures like these permitted to touch names like Bertha's? "Married another chap, eh Well, young Breton never was much for looks, anyhow." "Married!" Philip started at her tone. "Who said she was married? The shoe's on the other foot. She aint married at all. Handsome fellowlike him has a wife in every town, such as they be. That proud minx is only one on 'em." How they rolled the shameful story, like a sweet morsel under their tongues, as if it relieved the blackness of their contemptible souls, that one woman more had singed her angel wings in the piti less flame of disgrace. Philip had struggled to his feet. The women blushed like fire and tried to look un conscious, but he did not even glance at them as he moved down the aisle. He could not see very well. Was the chapel full as it seemed? and was that an usher in white kids who was coming toward him and saying: "Just one minute more; the bridal couple are just coming in." Bolt upright he sat where he had been guided, and saw as in a dream a white phan tom of a woman it seemed and a black shadow of a man go by. "Msarried! who said she was married? Ah! it was horriblel Perhaps they two, those women fiends, were all that knew the shmneful secret." Would it do any good to pray them for the mercy of God to keep it? Would money hire a woman to keen a disgrace that had fallen on a fair aneer's nalnel" "Areirc you ging to salute the bride!? smiled an acluailntlace. "This is the mar riage of insbor and Capital at last." He had perpetrated his witticism a dozen times at least, and this was the first hearer who had not laughed. Jane Graves and Silas Ellings worth, Bertha's father-were they mad, or was hoPt' "I uii ill," he muttered incoherently, as he pushed his way almost roughly out. CHAPTER XVII. THE NEWv sSTOCK CO0sAWL-. Tho teririble secas of suspicion sown in Philip Breton's mind bore the bitterest fruits thiough the dreary winter months. -No efforts of his will, nor course of reasoning could com fort him., For a moment he might find re lief, but his torment would only return afresh." IIHumannity are slow to believe good of fellow creature:, but nothing seemed too had to be true. He thought it might have calmed him to have been assured even of the worst Tie believed that hie might despise the woinanm he had elevated to the highest isinnacle of his ideal temple of womanhood, ifslhe had made so little of the most sacred gift of God. But it would have been a; vio lence to his feelings to inquire of those ws-ho must know. 'IHerfather must know, but his smiling face will reveal nothing, and his very reserve was peopled with horrors for Philip. His wifo Jane must know, too, but he could not bear to think of the malicious pleasuro'she would take in detailing the sharuefSil story to jimi. SIte woqle sate her hate ini hsmisery. But what if it were not a shamneful story? Still he could not form his lips to ask. The hmniliation of such a ques tion from hint, a discarded lover, about her at whose feet he had been proud to sit, shocked him into silence. He even dreaded kst they might speak to him of her, although it had been months since he had heard Ber tha's name once breathed. One evening at the very close of the winter, Ph'ilip Breton called a meeting of his help, andil the old market hall was packed from door to platform. Reporters were planted by their tables, to catch every word of the mysterious' proceedings. iepresentatives from all the factories in the country elbowed the crowd for their three feet of standing roolm, eager to learn somle new device for making money out of their help as good as the other. But the great nudience was strangely silent. It know not what to ex pect_ Perhaps the economical mill owner was going to announce a new reduction in their wages; everybody said ie was reducing everywhere. The feeling in their hearts was more of fear than hope, and it was a look of piteous terror, almost, that they cast at the slight form in black, that camue forward on the platform. They reminded Philip of a flock of frightened sheep that had ilever had a shepherd. Then he thought of a great armiy massed before the smoking cannon mouth, an army that had never had a gen eral. He saw they feared him. "I have been for a longtime tryingt totlhilJ of somno way to nmake your lives more fair for you, and yet be fair to myself and nmy class. I have been cutting on expenses to make the whole business machinery as economical as I know. N"ow, at last I am ready to take you into my confidence and make you a proposal" There was a stir in the great audience, as if every man changed his position at the same moment, so as to be sure not to lose one precious word of the new gospel. "I cannot feel that I ought to give you anything. And I cannot see that it wouldbe reasonable to pay more wages thani thers pay; that is, than you have now." A hush had fallen upon the people like death. There was no holpe for them, then. Still the ppeaker went on. "But if your labor is profitable to me, so that I can pay you your prlice, and pay my other expenses, and 5ly mie for the time I give to the business what such service as I do is paid elsewhere, and then have something besides" The reporters dropped their pens in aston ment; was lhe man madl! "I am disposed to tlhink that you have earned a share in it." HIe lpaused to catch his blreath, and one could have heard a piui fall in thalt crowdled room. "Iy caplital shlulll be allowed fori, too. I, a word,I a1roe pose to divide thie pIrofeits of m1y mill, after all expeisss are paidl, ilnt, two, eiuali parts hlerafteric, olOe for labor, y'our.s and liiue, and one for the interest ol Inly msouy. The part which bielongs to labor will be distributed according to thie worth of each oines year's work. The one tlhat earns the largest year's pay will have the largest per cent. of that divildend. We slhall ll be stockholders togetllher, each withl : shar'e large or smallac colrding to the valluo of his work." The buldling trembled withl the roar of ap plause that went up, and it wus several umo ments lelfore Piilip couhil imake himself heardn again. Ie haid thoughlt thler was uothing left in his life, with love goue out of it, but is he stotl tihat IIImomenit with the glad shouts of thle poor ringingn ill is ea.s, and felt he had led Ithllen out of hIollndlage, Iris heart thrilled with a iroudl joy that was anlmos ectasy. His wealth had brought him a hap piness that made even a life like his worth living? had conferred on him a glorious sense of the dignity of manhood which lifted him as on wings. They must listen while he explained the terms of his plan more fully. lie motioned to a dozen boys and took a printed sheet of paper from the pile of similar sheets which lie ordered distributed among the workmen. He then read aloud the following from the paper in his hand: The first divided will be distributed Aug. 1 for the year ending July I. The surplus is $200,000; $100,1100 is set apart as the allow ance for capital investe,. which leaves $100, 000, to be distributed to the labor in propor tion to the wages or sahiry earned by each. The whole amount of wages and salaries earned in the mills wias bout 5i2?0,000. There. fore the rate per cent. of dividend is about 27 7-10 to be calculated on the wagesor salary of each man, woumaI and child as shown by the paymaster sboolk for the past year. For example, tihe man wvhoml tile pay roll shows to have' earned *800 for his yeark work, will receive 27 7-10 per cent. on $300 in ad dition. or about :?5;10 as his dividend. The ?paymaster, who received a, salary of $2,000, will receivo about $44, and as manager worth a salary of $5,000, i shall receive imore than twice the dividend of the paymnaster. Certain restrictions will be imposed. First, only one-half of the an aual dividend will be in cash, for it would hurt the interests of the mill to withdraw so much from the busi ness. The other half will be in stock, which will draw dividends as the rest of the mapital. Second, stock cannotbetransferred except to operatives, but will be redeemed at he counting room, after notice, when :olders leave the mills, as stock will yield lividends only while holders work in the nills. Holders of stock may hold meetings aid choose a committee to examine the books tf the conpany,beforethe annual distribution if dividends. When Philip Breton sat down a noisy hum ,f voices followed as the people read and ommented upon the prospectus. The figures ooked anything but dull to them. The bright ,osibilities that came up before theirinmag nations as they read were such as no gentle hadence of poetry could have given them. Apparently they fodild never hive tired of :eading the wonderful words of hope and good cheer over and over, except that the iuter door swung open and a tall mnan's form entered. Philip Breton fronm the platform saw it and the pride sickened on his heart. The crowd about the door passed the whisper around, and it was hardly one short minute when the building shook again with cheers as they shouted the name of Curran. Yes, it was he who pushed his way well Into the room, and then stopped and took oneof the printed sheets, as if he wero un conscious of their cheering, and read till his face, that had looked so stern and terrible, softened like a child. Then he mounted a settee for his platform and uncovered his head with a new grace that became him as well as his strength. The old bitterness had gone from his lips; it had given place to a touching sadness that sobered every facethat was turned toward him. "Ieo means to deal well by yon; lie wants to imake you shareholders in your work." Philip had risen excitedly to his feet. The sight of the maln who had been with Bertha, who came perhaps buti this -instant fromn tile woman he had wronged so terribly, was at first ahliostu maddening to' him. A:l, how grand. Ind beautiful he ,was,,witih his deep muighty chest and shoulders, and, his limbs like pillars of sonei temple. 'There were no laws for such, men hs lie; the holiest nud purest of women love to inake themselves base uand comnon ,things to winll smiles from his proud eyes, anld men. forget their venge asuce,'and only renmember how snmall nd mean they seem before hini. But who could look at his melaicholy face and the calm lignity that rested upon him always, and be eve lie could boevile? Yet perhails nothing vas vile or low to himi, andeven sin was glorifled iii his eyes when it suited his caprice to sin. Philip hiad come to the very edge of the plntforn. and beckoned a friendi to him. "Do you see the man .talking-the imtan with the anubitn hair curliiig about his neck? no, don't look -yet;" his voice was husky with oxeitemeilt. "Get behind him vwhile he is tulking and stop himt before lie goes out. I must see him and speak with him; I would rather $10,000 than lose hint. Quick, now." As Philip sat down again aild. watched his friend trying to make his way through the ;lose packed crowd lie heard Curian's voice. igain. What was there chaigetl in it? It had lost its old ring, there was a queer drag in it sometimes, and when hie used to raise his voice till every nerve tingled for symi pathy, he seemed now to let it fall, andi his long, sonorous sentences died down at the hnd like a muttled bell. "If others were like him," lie was saying, "the reform I would die for would come soon, would be upon its." How slow his friend imoved. Philip actu ally hated the people who were too stupid to get out of his messonger's way, Had Curran finished, was this all that was left of his eloquence? Yes, he was stepping dosnm and moving toward the door. Philip's friend was almost there, tihe iman must not escape thus, and plunge again with the wo man whose life lie had blasted into the ob scurity he seemed to love. Philip leaped to his feet and almost shouted to the people. All turned their faces expectantly toward hiim, Cur-an with the rest his pale worn face. Philip's friend was come monlost to himi now. if Curran could only be detained for one moment moro. "It will of course be for the interest of all of you," he know hie was talking weakly, but it was nlo llatter, "to earn the mlost wages you can, to lose the fewest days, to turn off the most piece workl," Of course, Ihe spoke too stupidly; Curran turiled oil his heel ald moved toward the door. Almllost instantly then Philip Breton gave a sudden short bow to the audience and disappeared laick of the platform. Ho bounded down the narrow utairs, four at a time, and rmuslhcq ro-lnd to the front of the builinmg like onie mad, to stare for a nloment ill tihe faces of tile escnp ilg rordl. Then, wiltler than ever at the thllought tllnt Curran ilighlt have gone out smonog the first, he ran back and forth tfter ono group andt another, but all in vain. Then lie forced himimelf to elOp nlt think, and forthwithl made inquiiies for Ciunrral'ls onrding lilace. Ho reachal the ilileo at lastanid ran breath lcssly up the stairs. In another iionlmnt he wouldtl know the ttrutll if it killed hilu to hear it. He iunst reimove thlepoisonous shadowof iuspicio tlhat wi-as pollqtiulg all the holies$ precincts of his nature. Cerltalnty wsas bet telr far, for the nlerves canll blace theimselves against the clearly defined featuresof ever so hideous a mionster; far better certainly than this crawling slimiy terror that miade him ashamed of a manlitood lI hat could cherish it. Ho daredl ask Curran for the truth, he did not shlrilk froml it. If thie ioai wereinno cent hie mighlt strike hiin dowi foi the instl~t to the lurity of hiis wile. Philip thought such atonemient wouill seem just aid proper. But il heo werce guilty, iah, if Bertha was guilty tlrough hiiii wlhat leeath wi-as terrible enough for hisopenaltly A lortly wontim, isithi lieo munistakable eslreossiln if lith exslecanut Ilardiing mistress on her fice amild in her attitude, met the pale faced young man at the topof the stair. She did not recognize the proprietor of the Bre ton nmills, in his slight form. She would have looked for a muan of lofty stature and com manding mien, and. not a mere lad whom nobody would glance twice at on the street. "W?here is Curran? I-I want him." "Why, hoas just gone; he drove off to Lew iston." "To Lewiston? Are you sure?" Why, this must be some important personage after all, he was so peremptory. Poor people can bully, but there is a shamefacedness or an over af fectation of authority that betrays them; their self consciousness lets the whole secret out. "Either Lewiston or Raleigh; I can't tell, really, sir. Shall I get you a carriage, Mr. Mr. ?' "Two horses and a buggy; a driver, too. Tell them it is for 'Ir. Breton; and," he shouted after the woman, "if they give me a poor horse he will be dead before they ever see him again." It seemed an hour before the horses drew up before the boarding house door, and an other hour before they had left the village behind. Then the little patience Philip had forsook him. Hle caught the reins from the astonished driver, and at the threatening snap of the whip the horses took their fastest gait. It was a little past 9 o clock the next morn ing that Philip Breton, pale from a sleepless night, knocked at a low studded door In an ill ventilated tenement house, where they told him Curran lived. TWithin was Bertha, the high bred woman, wonted to the costliest luxuries of wealth.l And sthe was willing, then, to live ill such squalor as this to be with the man she loved. Could change have been cruel enough to have touched her? Per haps an insfant hung hungrily on her bosom, and Curran, fallen amck into his vulgar tradi tions, lounged in red flannel shirt sleeves in her presence. Could hbear the sight? But she might be alone; his heart beat faster with terror and hope. She would lift her sweet eyes pleasantly to hinm- so easy it is for wo men to forget the agony they have caused. She would hold out her shapely hand to him, but it would be stained and worn from hard ships. Should he fall at her feet? Would he be able to remember she was another's-dead to him? IHe knocked again, possibly no one was at home. "Conie in." It was a man's voice. As Philip opened the door he saw the man he sought by the window, eagerly looking up and down the street, as if waiting for some sign. There was no guilty fear or shame in the calm face that was turned to his visitor. "Breton." He gave him his hand with bearty good will. "Somehow I could not speak last night, but you lave begun a noble work. Why, I had rather feel the proud sat isfaction you must have, I would rather be in your place than the greatest man in the whlsole world." Philip was afraid to look about him. Per haps Bertha had no wish to speak to him, or else she was not here; there was no atmos. phere of a woman's love and care in the place, somehow. But Curran went on in his quick, eager way, "The rich men have the most glorious privilege ever men had Each man of wealth can let the fountains of light and joy into the lives of a village in some way which shall make his name blessed for ever. Instead of that, whole generations of us have to break ourselves in pieces in the effort to wear away their rock. We fail, as the wretched 2,000 creatures who strike here today will fail, to gain one privilege more for ourselves, yet our children may profit from oursacrifices, perhaps, or theirchildren. Anything is better than spiritless, eternal submission." Philip released his hand from the man's clasp and turned to look about him. No wo man's shawl hung on t he rack. No baby's shoes or toys were in sight. A man's rude hands had set the chairs in an awkward row. A man's hands made the comfortless looking bed that stood in one ornuer. There was no soft scent of perfume, such as Bertha would have left behind her if she had but lately gone. Why, Bertha could never have breathed for a moment there. Love can do much, but it cannot make a woann over. "Wheraisyour wifeY' Philip asked ina low. breathless voice. "Bertha." "Where is your wife?" The eager look faded from Curran's face, and his blue eyes grew troubled. For an instant he did not answer, but stood with folded arms gazing out into the street. "What is a wife?" he said at last. "A woman who loves a man andlives in his love, who pines inl his absence and listens to the coming of his foot steps, as the sweetest music in the world to her; to whom all the gifts of life would be nothing without him; to whom povcrty and disgrace would lose their hatefulness if he shared them. A wife is a sweetheart, a hundred timestendererand happier," His voice grew bitter and hard for i moment as he added, "No, I have no wife, Bertha has left me." He heard a shout, and a score of hurrying forms rushed by his window. He turned from the window in a sudden passion of ex oltemest, "The strike has begun. What pity do the rich deserve? Even their women are taught only to break honest men 's hearts. They are beautiful as the angels of heaven and cruel and pitiless as the angels of hell." "But wait," cried Philip, catching him by the arm Curran had not yet spoken the longed for words to protect Bertha's name from the insult of another suspicious thought. But a shout rolled up from the street, and another and another in quick succession. Curran shook hinm off and, catching his hat from the table, sprang down the stairs. CHAITER XVIII. wIIr COULDN'T SITE HcAVE WAITED? The now maid, who showed Philip Breton into Mrs. Ellingsworth's parlor, was not near ly as pretty as her predecessor in office, but he was too much absorbed with his delicate errand to take any notico of her. Bertha was alone somewhere, deserted, unprotected. Somethinug must be done for her. It was a strange place to seek pity for her, in the -woman's bosom which he had seen heaving in hate of her; but a lagnuanisnous heart is Wont to count on the generosity of others. The maid had sidl IMr. Ellingsworth was not imn adl so he was left to appeal to the woman ly tenderness of his wife. (To be Continaed) 