Varieties., — — It may be true, as man, with hia usua presumption frequently assorts, that fumino ia Nature's remedy for over-population, but If bo Naturo uaually makes tho inoxplioablo mistake of leaving tho thickest populations alouo, sparing Belgium while striking Mo rocco. — Spectator. a ? ° ? ? : ? ? ? ? ? ...1 ou iiiu j eura agu u iiuwBjJuytM. puummou au Newcaatle uommomorated ita eoutenial by re printing ita firat issue. It wait a 'very smsll sheet, so a copy of tho roprint waB foldod ih aido every ono of tho current number. D uring the afternoon of tho day an old couplo cal'ed at the offije, and informed tho olork that they had oomo in anawer to tho advertisement in the morniug paper which directed applicants to inquire at the offiuo of tho paper for partioulara, tho man to nttond to cows and the wife to act is general ser vant in tho house. The olork could not re member any such advertisement; but, to oblige them, as thoy wore evidently from tho country and very positivo, he went with them through the advertisement columns. .Nothing of the. sort oould. bp. found,, ,_.T.h°y repeated that they had both Seen it in tho morning's paper noticing the day of tho month. Then it occurred to tho clerk to look at the reprinted copy of tho onehun dred-years-old paper, and tiioro ho found it. It was with some difficulty that he oonvinc9d liiB disappointed visitors that they were exactly ono hundred years too late. A Turkish working day lasts from sunriso to sunset, with certain intervals for refresh ment and repose. In Montenegro the day laborer begins work between 5 and G in tho morning, knocks off at 8 for half an hour, works on till noon, reats until 2 and then labors on until sunset. This is in summer. In winter ho commoncei work at 7 .30 or 8, rests from 12 to 1 and works uninterruptedly from that timo to aunaot. Tho rules respect ing tjaumu lauur aro uieuroMuuny ixiu buuiu, Dut considerable laxity prevails in praotice ; in Servia the principlo is individual oou vouionce in evory oase. In Portugal from sunriso to sunset is tho usual length of tho working day. With field laborers and work men in tUe building trades the summor work ing day begins at 4 .30 or 5 in the morning and ends at 7 in the evening, two r r throe hours' rest being taken in the midllo of tho day. In tho winter the houra aro from 7.30 to 5, with a shorter interval of repose. In maiaufaotories the rule is t '.velvo hours iu summer and ten in wiutor with an hour an a half allowed for meals. Eleven hours is the average day 'a work iu Belgium, but tho browora' men work from ten to seventeen houra ; brick mukera sixteen ; tho oabinot-makors of Brussels and Ghent aro often at work seventeen hours a day ; tramway drivers aro on duty from fifteen to seventoon hours, with an hour and ono-half at noon ; ruilway guards sometimes know what it in to work nirioteen and ono half hours at a atrotch, and in tho mining distriotB women aro ofton kopt ' at truok loiding or similar heavy labour for thirteon or fifteen houra. The normal workday throughout Saxony is thirteon houra, with two hours' allowauoo fpjr meal-taking. In Baden the modium du ration of labour ia from ton to twelve hours, but in aomo caaea it far oxe o?s this, ofton rises to flfteon in stonewaro and china works and cotton mills, in tawniiila to sev on'fceon hours ; whilo tho workers in tho sugar ro fiuors whore tho shift system ia iu vogue, work twooty-four hours freo, an'i in too many of of Baden factories Sunday work.is tho ralo. 'In Russiun industrial establishments tlio differenoo iu tho working hours is aomotbing extraordinary, varying from aix to twenty. It ia romarkablo that tboae groat divergencies ocour in tho same branches of industry within tho eaino inspector's district and among establishments wheso produco realizes tho sumo market price. — Chamber «' Journal. A young man .who was servant at a farm houeo in a very wild district iu Sussex, was sent ono night with a message to Burwash. Ho was warned beforo ho Btartod that a ghost was very often Been noar a Btilo whioh ho had to cross. He accordingly took with him a middling thiulc stick, and aaid that if any ghost interrupted him ho would, by tho help of hia ' bat,' try and find out what a ghost was mudo of. As ho got near to tho atilo, ho duly oaujjht sight of tho ghost in front of him, glaring florooly out of tho liodgo. Ho putdownr.hia baskot, walked boldly up to the placo, and with his ' bat' otruok out boldly. Ho owned that ho then folt a good doal frightoned, for no Hoonor had he struck than llamea on all aidea oaiue flying paat liiB hoad. However, ho hold his ground, and then discovered that ho had smashed into u hun - dred pieces an old rotten treo Btump, whioh had dried up into touchwood, and tho phos plioroua in whioh Bhono with auoh myutorious brightuosa ia tho dark. — Sussex Folk. In tho rruasian hospitals payment is uni versal. All sorts and oonditiona of peiaons aro froely admitted, und patients aru divided into threo classes, acoording to tho rato of payment. In Class I., which is popularly designated tho ' luxurious ' one, thoy pay from aix to niuo shillings u day ; in Class It., from four to six tjhilliuga ; and iu Class III., about ono shilling and niuopenoo a day. Qt^iidreu pay one shilling a ad threepence a day. People who oannot pay for themsolvcB I aro paid for by tho Poor Law Board at third class rato, but those who oan pay generally do ao, as porfons who roceivo relief from tho Poor Law Board forfeit thoir politioal rights. — Contemporary Review. The torpodo-boat has addod a now sonsation to the experiences of somo of our gallant lurs. Being narrow, long, and awif t, it outs through tho ereat of wavoB aud plungon into tho. trough with a auddonness of decent ex ceedingly disconcerting to tho inner mac. Old sea-dogs, who havo boon ' novor, never siok at soa,' mako a firat acquaintance with mil tie mer on board tho torpedo-boat. — Con- temporary. An English mechanic and an English mil lionaire havo dilferont food and drink dif ferent amuaoments and manners. A Frenoh millionaire and a Frenoh meohanio dine about tho samo hour, drink wino, play bilhardaand cards, and address and are addressed in much tho same fashion . Hero the two lives aro in different worlds ; thero one ia a oheap ox amplur — not an imitation — of tho othor. This similarity of habit givos a similarity of feeling. Tlio ' red fool-fury of tho Seino' is not wanted hero ; but it is only possible be cause tho Paris ouoricr has thoughts aud feelinga and aspirations to whioh the London artisan is (happily) a atrangcr. — Scots Ob server. Tho praotico of creating peers by patent was introduced by Richard II. Tho daily surplus of births over deaths in the United Kingdom ia 1500. In the public libraries of Europo there are more than 21,000,000 printed volumos. Whoopihg-ooughhaa been known for fhreo hundred years. It mainly affects young ohil dron, 90 per cent of the fatal oases being tlioao of children under five yoara old. * The preventive action of vacoination is shown by the fact that it has kept small-pox out of tho oolony of. Western Australia for 31 years, only ono oase having been known to occur thore. In tho year 1543 an Act was passed for the toleration of irregular modical practitioners,* whioh enaoted that ' persons being no com mon Burgeons may minister outward medi cines.' She can speak the modern languages With, fluenoy and vim ; | aao can give you U-reoK and Latin, too, Until your hoad will awim. Sho 'can ropeat what Homor wrote About tho Trojan strife, But Sho can't remomber what is trump To save her little lifo. . ' A firat-elaa3 glus3 eye costs about' £10 to mnnufttctnro. About 41 languages and dialects aro spoken in London. Previova to the yoar 1443 there were no barber's shops in London. 1821 was tho year in whioh Moohanies' .Institutions were first established. - 