. epeBk.otghost;B,^aned:Jaok,iir«n-5 cloafc.d tae previous, chapter.-' ••.* i . O'Neil 'iff .Dariagb rose from his'-seat ana,' going to =» cupboard in -one corner of-the room, brought lorih a bottle and a couple of glasses.' • ••; ■'( ;■ - - • Jack .seized the bottle the moment it was puft ^fr; the! table; ami ponring one of the glasses nearly full, he drank it off without a wink. :: v . . - V " •: \- * By George! you webb dry 1' exclaimed the blonde. • ■ • G iVa me the money you promised and I'll get out of here.' . . . 'No, no, sit down. I tell you I have a big j ; job on hand, and there is a heap of money in it, we nan turn in a few days—money enough to keep us for-life. J'* " ' -f Tne half-breed ventured another glance at ■the mirror. _ Se saw/efleeted : there puly^his own dark visage, to which the colour had returned by the effects of the heavy glass of whisky he had raker:." '- •: • '■ " Sit down. sit down 1' said G.'Neil. ■ • I iBll you. old man, I'll .make you rich: and yon-11 Jiave a list lull of these fellows if yoa'ilonly settle down to business.' Ab the blonde Spoke he displayed a roll of hank notes. The half-breed's eyes at once gleamed with. Bnother light far different, from that which only a second, ox two "before had illuminated them. ■ The curse on his soul was the love of gam bling, and to gratify this passion he . must have money. . . .. j Here was a man displaying heavy noteB ] ; abd asking him to become a sharer in apian to obtain thousands. j Again he seized- the bottle and drank off a heavy quantum. As he drahk off thesecond glass he resumed his seal. ■ . -' - .••• _ * You begin to look alittle; like yourself -again now, said the blonde. 4 fiata second ago you reminded meof "the condition ! was : in once.' . 4 What condition was that?' asked the half-breed. " i 4 Well, I killed a man' once, and for two j years was haunted by his ghost,' . j As the blonde pronounced the word' ghost' j Jaok chanced to .glance once again toward the mirror,when he again eought sight of the blood-stained apparition which he hadbefore seen. This ti&iehe; lgaped to his feet-and uttered an oath, bat did not show such signs of ter ror as lie had displayed u few seaond« previ ously. 4 Hang it, old man t' said O'Neil, 4 yon act like a man-who was haunted by a ghost, for every-tlme I uee the word you go shaking like an aspen leaf.' Sit down and take another drink.' ' Jack-did not want urging to take the drink and having recovered somewhat from hisfiret terrors, .with the aid of the fumes of the whisky, he mustered sufficient courage to re sume his seat. 41 was telling you about my ghost,' said the blonde. . . , Jabk wineefi bnt made no reply. 4 That ghoBt followed me for two years, but I laid him at last;' 'How did you lay him?'said Jack, his eyes bulging out with eagernesB. ' Well, I'll tell you some other time. What we want to talk about now is business. This : job I want you to get into with me is a good j one, but there iB blood to be let.' j Jack involuntarily glanced in the glasB j-ai j the same moment a strange, sepulchral voice waB beard to say: 4 No more blood! no more blood 1' The half-breed at this fell from his chair in a fit. It was fully half an hour before M'Darragh managed to bring the fellow round. The instant Jack was restored the blonde titifi to him : a Gld man, what sent you off in that man ner r * I want to get sway Xrcia here 3' murmured Jack johoakv tones: , * ;Why dd yoa want to get away ?' ; ^*3>idn9t you bear that voice ?' asked the half-breed; ' y-,L 126\ ■ Heat What voice ?' 1 A^ice which said," No more blood I no more blood!'" _ - .. . ; *'No, sir 1 I heard no voice. You mast be urnnk, or else you're haunted.' _ x, JacVroee to his feet and moved toward the d^°Where are you going now?' asked the blonder. , ■'Jam'going to leave this house. «Well, it you won't stay, I'm not going to ooax yon.' . ' . , The half-breed then went to the door and Opened it, but had no sooner done ao thanhe uttered'a piercing scream and aaBhed the door to again. . , • „ •Hanglt.old mau l ytin re drunk, sure ! s^td the blonde, while a smile played over his lade. ; , _ . »Oh,heavens!* groaned JacK. • What's the matter!' asked O'Neil. • Didn't you seeit?1 i • See what 7* • • Why—why, a- a— «A what? My man,you are bb drunk as a boiled owl. Youtalkmore mysteries than any'man I aver saw, drunk or sober.' Jack moved over, to the far part Of the room, and said, pointing towards the en trance t • Open that door 1' : , : M'Darragh stepped forward and opened the door. ; Nothing was visible. , ■ .. • By thunder 1 I must be drunk or im dreaming muttered Jack. , • What did you think you saw ? asked the blonde* ' . - ■ . , • The'ghost of my mother,' answered the half-breed. '' Did you kill your mother ? •No.' , ;• Well, then, you're drunk sure; for you Will neyer ss6 a ghost unless it ia the phaii tom df Eome one you "have murdered, 1 know that. . _ The detective shut the door, when Jaafc tot tered across the room and opened the door himself. ■ . V i ; There, in the .darkness, stood the form of Harry Trendall. . * - The blood shone red on hia fair locks, his : face pale,. and his eyes gleaming with a strange'light. • Jack left the door standing open and, stag gering back into the room, asked, addreBBing the'bldncle: ' „, • Do you see anything in that doorway V. •No.' \ • Are yon sure?1* *- . • Oh, go along with you, old .man. You are only fooling. Don't yon suppose that., if I saw anything there I should say so at once?' . .. 1 ^ ■ The hall-breed made a movement to-pass through the xloor *lespit6 thb .presence of the; phantom, when fcho latter raised his hand warningly, and motioned the terrified fellow ^^The halt-breed recoiled, after dashing the door to.- ... . . , •,Well, ril belianged, old boy, if yon ain t making me. nervous. I guess you're crazy; you make my flesh crawl I' ; iLraw it again J' Sawwliat?' mother's ghost 1* ; «See bete, Jack,you had better; go home. I do hptthink ypu good company^ ldo not want you Around, here. You make mener voub.' , . " As O'Neil spoke he advanced and opened the door. Jack glared In the passage way and saw .nothing/. . . . y • There,-get oat; yon are tight or crazy ! . said the blonde. ' . :■ ' ' -r The. half-breed .moved .toward the door, ihihkinBi: hlohde'mSght keep'^he apparition down, but the moment he reached, ,tfie threshold the figure appeared in view, and' waved him back, ae before. " , . . . , Once more the. Indian, recoiled, stricken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysteric tones: • . . . „ : * Ah, ,ha i there it ie 1 there it is 1' ^•There's what?' asked the blonde j 'I see; nothing 1' , ,, The latter swung the door to and address ing Jack, said: • See here, old man* there is something up with you. Now, teli me just what you think you see.'* Jack .was; quite unnerved, and too muoh shaken to lie any more, and he said: ■ • As I live, I saw the ghoBt of a man I used to know 1' • Who is the man 7' J. A man who ran away.' • Ban away from where ?' ' From a place up in the country.'. . ' Then he must have been murdered !' •. I didn't murder him 1? • Yon are speaking falsely 1 * came a hollow voice. ( The haU-hreed's. tongue clove to the reof bf his mouth. . His face wbb horribly distorted, but. he was speechless. O'Neil stood by, seemingly unconscious of any sight sir sound but that which fell from the suffering.man before him. At length the half-breed found voice and asked: • Djd you hear anything 7" •Nothing.' • The shadow spoke!' said Jack, in a gasp • O l 8 ing voice. • See here, old man, you're keeping some thing back, eaid the blonde. • What do yon mean ?' • Whose ghost is it yon see!' • The ghost of Harry Trendall.' • Why Should his apparition appear to yon, Jaokf • £ do not know.' • 'Tis false!' came - the voice. .'Did yon hear it then?' aeked Jack, in trembling tones. • I heard nothing.' • Oh, what shall I do 7' muttered Jack, in a terrified tone. • If that ghost is haunting you yon must ••lay,'' him,' said O'Neil. «How can I ?' said Jack. • I .tell you apparitions don't haunt men unless tbey want them to do something; you muBt find- out what the ghost wants you to do, and you will be all right; that is the way I laid my ghost* • How can I find out what the spirit wants me to do V • You must speak to it,* •I can't.' ■ . •You might as well do it first as last,, old man, for aB it haB left its grave once it "will come to you until you attend to what it wants.' Jack was silent a second, but at length mustered courage enough to say: • Open the door.' ' Will you speak to it?' • Yes.' The detective at once opened the door, when there, standing in the passage- way,was the figure, terrible and ghastly as when first Been. 