1 HAUNTED IAN. - m ' - BY AIFBED S. BUBBAOB. I commenced life as clerk to a firm of well- known country solicitors, with the hope that I might some day be articled and get through my " exams.," and start on my own account. In those days lawyer's clerks were permitted to appear before the magistrates in trivial cases, and my face soon became pretty well known at the police-court of N . I must decline to give the name of the place and the name of the principal character of this story, for many and obvious reasons — one being that it is no wish of mine to harrow up the reelings of any reto- five he may have left behind. Messrs. Parche and Ferritt, my employers, were entrusted with many criminal cases — in deed half the brief s during session and assize times were prepared by them. It was part of my duty to take down the preliminary state ments of prosecutors and defendants, and to fish out cases to be cited either in support or extenuation of the various offences. Mine was not always pleasant work. Sometimes I had to listen to a tearful woman who had scraped up a little money to defend an erring son (a remark of one of these poor creatures became indelibly fixed on my mind — "Ah, sir," she said, " when that lad was young, he wearied my arm, and now he has broken my heart") ; at others I had to take notes from the rasping voice of some bullet-headed, frowning rascal who expected a " stretch," but wished it to be as short as possible. The coin, and .cattle market day at N— - — was always a -busy one. People, poured into the city from all parts of the county, and gave us plenty to think, about and do at the office. Parche and. Ferritt departed in company as early aspossible for the seaside to recruit their mental and physical strength, the junior clerks went their several ways, and I, whose duty.it was to lock up the office,. anil see that all was well, remained behind to work put some knotty pointonthe law of trespass, which was then bothering my mind. The desks were surrounded with green rep curtains, hung upon rings, so as to be moved one way orthe -other, and X was poring over a law book, .when I thought I heard the rings jingle slightly. I put the sound down to the effect of a cur rent of air, as no footfall had announced that ' anybody bad entered the office, and X did not even take the trouble to raise my head. But suddenly I started as a voice said : " I beg your pardon; can I have a few words with you?" Looking up, I saw the face of an aged and, grey-haired man. The gaslight shone full upon his features, and I noticed that the muscles were moving as if the man had either been running, or suffered from chronic shortness of breath. . " It is very late." I replied, "Messrs Parche and Ferritt have left, but they will behere early ; on Monday morning. Is the business you have ccma upon of a very pressing nature?" " Not so much, you might think ; and if I had written a note, it would have answered the same purpose. Yet" — he hesitated for a moment— "yet I should like to say what I have to pay now&nd; have done with it." " Come round," I said, " and sit down ; you look fatigued. Why," I added, as the whole of his figure came within view, " it is Mr. Herrard ; but I am sure Idiq not recog nise yon. I suppose I must blame the gaslight for that." My visitor was a well-known man at N— : — , and he had no common sorrow to hear.. Some sixteen years previous his wife had left him hi a mysterious manner, and had never been since beard of. Herrard published her description in all the London and local papers, but in vain, and the supposed basely- deceived hus band became an object of sympathy. His friends told him that be ought to be thankful, that there were no children to. bear: the disgrace of their mother's shame. But as time went on the affair was forgotten, and William Herrard, a retired jeweller, moved about, receiving no more thought or attention than an ordinary, quietly-disposed man. gets in a busy place. " I am not much changed either," hesaid, forcing a smile to his' thin lips. "I want to make an appointment for 11 o'clock on Mon day." " Where?— here, or at your own residence ?" I asked. " I have business to do at the police-court," he replied, " and you will find me there. —You need not trouble to ask either df your governors to come, as you can take down the statement !' have to make. Did you ever readfthis book?" He put it down on the desk — dropped it, in fact ; and glancing at the gaudily-illustrated work, I read the title, " Murder Will Out." " No," I replied; V I had little time to read novels. I wish I had. What are yon peeping round the screen- for ? There is nothing there. Perhaps you feel a draught, and if so, draw your chair a little further round." " I thought I saw ' — — He hesitated and then, wrenching the. chair on cne side ; " £ am getting old and foolish, I think. Of course it is only fancy. Isuppose you don't belie vein ghosts?" " Not I," I responded, laughing, and yet feeling aEttie uncomfortable, without knowing why ; " and, I am sure you have lived long enough to be of the same opinion." " There's something about a ghost in that book," he said, tapping it with his forefinger; "I will leave it for yon, as I have readit through. There are many interesting passages in. it, and it proves beyond a donbt that the con- science of a guilty man will raise apparitions before bis eyes. I have turned dowwohe par ticular leaf. Good-night, and doh't forget Mon day morning— eleven o'clock, sharp. Having been & busy man, I am very partscalar about ; appointments. Could yon ' again he hesitated in the manner which ! had marked as peculiar — " give-ma a glass of water ?" There was a carafe in the waiting- room, and I hurried to fetch it from the table, ' The room was in darkness, and, as I tamed, I saw William Herrard gliding round the desk, and thought that ho was coming to meekme. But his eyes had a strained and far-away ex pression, and his lips were moving, an though addressing somebody. : " Mr. Herrard," 1 said, sharply, as I con- frqpted Mm,. Lass in-hand, " ynu aOB not quite yourself to-night, and I advise you to got home;" He swept his hand' acn>BS his brow as he locked at me, and I saw that his fare wasdSmp with clammy perspiration. " "Come/ I added, "you must have had something tompsec you to day, or you would not behave like this. I begjh to think that yott must have been too long in the company of some ofyour old friends, the farmers." f " Perhaps — very likely," he muttered, taking the glass and emptying it greedily; but I know what I am about and what I am saying. Mind, eleven o'clock on Monday morning, sharp —and you toillbe there too.1 v " Humph I" thought I, as I went back to Hie desk, " Herrard' s been worshipping Bacchus to-day. Bother the man ! he has quite put ine off my work." . And neither work nor read could I, tltough. I strove my -hardest, to do so. The words swam !mder my eyes ;, when I picked UO' S pen it slipped from my fingers, and Icaugpt myself at the trick of glancing up at the curtain, ex- i pecting not to see the face of Herrard there, ' but another's. , v Out of patience withmyself, X flung " Murder , Will Out" under the desk, tucked my law-books and papers under my arm and went home, thinking that lEhould get alongbetter after tea and anap; v But I grew worse instead of better. I paced the room and fidgetted about .until I thought that l was going to be ilk The ticking of the clock annoyed me, and I stopped it. The eyes of the portrait of some relation of my landlady's F seemed to follow me about? until I had to restrain myself from smashing it : and at last I put on my hat, determined to go to the theatre and iahake off the unaccountable sensations which assailed me. The jpiece was of the gloomiest character, per formed by unhappy-looking men and women, who seemed determined to pat the worst con struction on the parts allotted to them. The . heading tragedian, a stage villain of the worst degree, revelled in the horrors he had to com mit; . tha despairing, heroine shrieked with realistic terror ; and even the inevitable low comedian, had something blood-curdling to say. . At the end of the second act I went out, dis- spirited and disgusted, calling myself a fool for \- not hiring noticed that the playbill announced " The- Hangman of Toulon," and passed into a supper room, where I hoped to meet with somebody I knew who would cheer me up with a chat. I.called for a steak, which I could not eat, and a pint of stout, which was sound and good enough, but to my palate was as bitter as galL People came, and .went, but none of my ac quaintances. Melancholy had claimed me for its own, and I went home the most miserable and dejecfed man within the city .walls. I asked lbyself the reason a hundred times, but could find no solution to the question.; and as in bed I tossed and tumbled, I cursed Herrard, his appointment with me, his fancies, and the book 'he had brought to the office.. " But jam the greatest idiot," I said. " If I were a child with some tragic story fresh in my mind, 1 might behave myself like this ; but I who have seen the seamy side of life in al most every phase and taken everything as a matter of course, ought to have my head punched." Then there arose before me many a form and face I Had seen standing in the dock. Sullen murderers, felons with crime stamped upon their brows, women shrieking for mercy, women fainting in the arms of the warders, mere lads clinging to the rail and panting like dogs as juries returned from their deliberations, -ana erimfnala so familiar, alas, with the routine of prison life that they heard their sentences unmoved, and went to their punishment with as little emotion as honest folk go to their daily toil. Buf foremost of all these forms was that of Williani Herrard. It stood out from the rest, and refused to be dismissed. There it was, ever pressing its way to the front, now near tiie window, now near the floor, and then leaning over the bed-rail and regarding me pensively. I believe that I should have gone mad if I bad lain in bed throughout that awful night. I rose about , two in the morning lighted the candles, and, taking up a book, forced myself to read until the sun dispersed the shadows of the night, and awoke all gature to life and activity. With the freshening breeze the flowers shook the dewdropsfrom their drooping heads, and the birds sang so blithely that I called myself doubly a fool for allowing fancies to oppress me, " The fact is," said I, as I splashed about like a porpoise in my " tub," <( I must get oat of tbeplace for to-day at least. A long ramble on the seashore will do the trick, and make a new man of me." Dressed again, and after a somewhat hurried breakfast, Into ok the first train to "Y . The carriages were crowded with jaded folks, who drank in the pure country air as - if it were nectar; and when at last the journey came to an end, it was. a treat to see the happy faces of the people as they made for the long, stretch of . golden Btrand, which was for ever re-echoing the unceasing voice of the ocean. I had not gone far before I descried -the figure of a man a long way ahead on a deserted por tion of the beach. He stood out in bold, sil houette relief against the deep-blue sky, an<j though he was iully half a mile from me, F could see that he was walking restlessly up and down, with his head bowed; and nis urns hang ing listlessly at his side. I put him down to be a convalescent who preferred solitude to the soCffety of pleasure - seekers ; but suddenly I stopped, and with feelings I cannot describe — the man was no other: than William Herrard 1 It was, to say the least, a strange coincidence that I should find him here; but he did not reem to think so, for, seeing me, he advanced quietly until we stood face to face. " 1 came down by the midnight train," he pnid, quietly, " and I have been waiting for yon here. I knew that I would see you." . " You knew that you would see me?" I gasped. " Yes, I dreamt it. I saw you coming to meet me as plainly as I see you now that you are here. I don't think you could have kept away had you tried." "Well," said- 1, laughing hi spite of myself, " all I can tell you is that it was not until five o'clock this morning that I made up my mind togo anywhere." v " That may be so," he returned, ":but fate is fate, and it is not in the power of man to escape fiom his destiny even to trivial things. I have no wish to detain you — indeed I wish, to be alone. - Under any othercircumstanceB I would ask you to dine with me, but- you would not care Jo think yon had. sat at the same- table with me, and yon will know the reason why to-morrow." I was more convinced than ever that the poor old man was going out of his mind, and did not care to leave him, as I caught him looking at the sea in a manner that suggested to my mind thatthe temptation need not be great to make him plunge headlong into the billows. fYou had better come with me, " I said. "Lower down the beach there are plenty of Jaces familiar to yon. And I tell you what it is," I blurted oqt " you ought to see a doctor, and not go prowlng about away from every body as if you had committed a murder." He put out his hand ap if to dutch my wrist, but turfied upon bis bed and walkedlswiftiy away, leaving me, as it were, rooted to the. earth; I wished now from the bottom of my heart that" I had not set foot to Y , mid, as for William Herrard; I muttered some unkind things about him as I returned to the busy part of the beach and shook off the chagrin I felt by making some casual acquaintances,- ffii'd dis cussing the ordinary topics of the day. Night found me back' at N— — , and, let me confess it, the wretched hours I had previously spent caused me to put on an additional night cap, in the form of a stiff glass of whisky and water. My slumber was dreamless and sound, and I , awoke to better Rniritsand with a lighter heart. I had notbeen long at the office before I re> ceiV' d a telegrant from my employers, stating that they would "not put to an appearance um3 noontide, and requesting me to look aftes sundry Ettle matters within/reach of my legal knowledge. At half-past Iff I put some papers together with the view of calliag upon . another, .solicitor on the way to the Guild hall. As I was arrang ing the documents in the proper order, ihn door opened noisily, and to walked Inspector Atkins. " I have juBt stepped down," be said,, "fa say that: William Herrard wishes to see you ah once." " Mr. Herrard," I replied, with emphasis on the prefix, " has already made an appointment with me for 13 o'clock." " I beg your pardon, sir," he said, " but Wff generally call prisoners by their names only." " Prisoners f'' The papers felliu a disordered heapupon the floor. " x es, sir. Herrard gave himself up an hour ago, ana be stands charged, on his own con fession, with having murdered his wife sixteen years ago on this very date." " Oh, nonsense !" said L " MrT Herrard is not himself. He called here on Saturday «vehr ing, and I saw him at Y yesterday, and on both occasions I was struck by the strangeuete of his manner. I think, Mr. a tiring tuat S . medical man had better see of myself." " I am only obeying orders," the inspector replied, " and, of course, you will do as yon please with regard to seeing him. He spoke rationally enough when he catne to the station . bnt said that he desired to make a more lengthy statement to you, the representative of his legal advisers." " Very well," I said. " I suppose I must humour him though he is mad beyond a doubt Look here, Mr. Atkins, you had better place a man within easy call of the cell, as the poor old. man's delusions may cause him to fly into a frenzy, and I have no desire to be seized by the throat, or anything of that kind/T will go with yon at once, and get this disagreeable job over."' . . Inspector Atkins smiled at my request, as I was a- broad-shouldered, strong young fellow, who had held my own to boxing, boating, Ntng swimming. Few were the words exchanged between us on kbe way to the station, .where I asked to see William Herrard s confession. It was simple enough, taken down at his own dictation, and ran as follows : — " I, William Herrard, of S street, N , do hereby de clare that on the morning of Monday,. 20th July, 185 — , I did kill my wife Henrietta, and that since the committal of the deed I have known neither rest nor peace of mind, her form having ever been before me, asleep or awake. (Signed) William Herbaria." " There," said I, pointing to the last words of the confession, " it does not need a wise head to tell that the unfortunate man is not in a proper state of mind. He, Mr. Herrard, commit murder ! The idea is too ridiculous to entertain for a moment. When I was quite a boy, I remember Mrs. Herrard,- and she was very kind to me ; hut I fear that the reports which were circulated about her were only too _ true. Well"-— sighing — " let me see him." The chief constable had been hastily -sum moned to the station, and he, calling the gaoler, escorted me to the cell. The dim light struggling through a small barred window near the ceiling fell upon William Herrard. He bad asked to be supplied with writing materials and a small table, and he was so busy with the pen that he seemed unaware of my presence until thechief constable informed him of the toct. . "Mr Ili tellings," he said, petulantly, " there is a sounding-board over the cell door, and I wish it to be taken down. It " is not fair that your men should have the opportunity of hear ing the conversation which pass between this gentleman and myself." " You shall have your own way,' the chief constable replied, " although it is rather out of order." " Out of order, when I intend to give instruc tions for my defence I"...- ' Oh, come," thought I, " this is better. He is coming round to his senses, and has repented of his folly already-" . . The sounding-board w&b; lifted down from the dbains which held it at an angle, and. I was alone with the self-charged prisoner. -' "Are you sure," he said, "that nobody to- loitering about outside ?" " Quite," I repEefl, sitting down on a bench that ran along tne wall and did duty for a bed. " I thought you would have been satisfied with the removal of the sounding-board." "So 1 am," ne responaea, " dux omy ion certain exteut. These officials have sharp ears, and know how to use them. I have given myself up, but I am an old man, and although. I wished to be punished for my crime, I- should like it to be reduced to manslaughter. I did not start Efe as a bad man, and I don't want to be hanged like a dog. Let me have a few yeaty of repentance in some place where Lam paying an extreme penalty. Liberty is a curse to me£ I don't deserve to be free among honest men. Let them chain me, starve me if they will ; but don't let them carry me to the< scaffold. I am an old man, a very old man, and my punish ment has been more than. I can bear under the: sunlight and amid the haunts of men." He buried his face to his hands for a few moments, and then rising suddenly, went to the door and listened. ' . „ You think me mad,'- he continued, as he- returned to the table, " and I have been, mad but I am s≠ now. U your eyes were- open, as mine axe, yon would faint with horror as- the sight that is before me," ' I . turned- cold, shuddered, and gtencangr to- stinptively at the door wished myself, well on the other side of It. "Henrietta and 1 were ill-matched," hfr resumed. " We had not been married many months before I knew that she loved tk& money I had slaved tor, and not myself. " Her" heart was to the keeping of aaothjr man, who left the country on the very dajr that I put the wedding ring on her nuger. We had many quarrels, and during one she told me to my face that' her friends had per suaded her to marry me, but that her life was- , a curse and misery to her, since our unionJiad driven the only man she had caxed fer across, theseas; " I stood, staring at her as she made this ccm- - fesslon, with every dirop of blood tingling fa- my veins. I did nokspcak, my throat Beemefl to nave closed npvand.I breathed witiL so mud: , difficulty -faat I knew my face wasr turning black, and that the veins upon my brow were - " standtog out like whipccnfl " ' So,' 1 contrived! to articutie at las ' you married me for my money/ that ! mighi< help your poverty-stridben frienls; that they nuit clothe and better themselves upon my . "> Your money !' she cried, contemptuously ' I hate it, and loathe the very food it buys You shall see, William Herrard, that I caste careful, and return to you, with fail interest, such sums as you may think you have lent or given my people.' " She was as good as her word. Het jbsi act was to dismiss the Bervatnt, her spoond to cat down expenses, until we existed lilos ptople who live from hand to mouth. No luxury that I ever brought home would die ova titooh, anu Afloat7 the gulfbetween us Wjie eo wide thai Weapoketo each other only when absolutely miserable story, \sid I see by your ' t«mat TOU?tliink itri contemptible one, po it iB.i»mider whatitis forn andwifo ttfbe conttauaUyihl variance arito each. other, lio fldimrho haM«my qwnt .wea,. Bduleof welcome. Heaven knows, it m a cruel bfiTf Y abated myself Bome- ' Hriteslqic days .together, going whege Wen impulse prompted me; kJnf |j#a!g 9r theotherbf us mightate,f orJif e vvaScTihbear- ublo-rli crofI»AndilM3geless. _'1;- . X; v -i «-03ie day, "after such a j onrney, I returned . tb myjmisemble liOusb/: Xhrid a duplicate hey, tod after patLsing in the garden to look at a vreli lldorOTM tobVhrick'ui, and which the mehha& jhsCtoriimenced, Jjet teyaelf . . \- J£y wife was absent,; ahcH thought that she . might have gonerto her frauds, as she ti'mM did," without consulting me. Suddenly myeyes Were attracted to some fragments of pAper lying in the grate, and for toe want of something to do, Ipicked toem uphnd ben putting tnflm together, just as a little child _ will play afinlessly with toe pieces oft puzzle it does not undrastand. _ , "By degrees I made out a word here ana there, una then a line. The letter was from my wife's first sweetheart, and if over a man saw red then, I_was that man. I was drunk with ' madness and the thought of revenge. " £ gloated over the thought of meeting her, and I raved, shouted, and danced, I believe, In my delirium. Night came, but Henrietta did not appear, and it was not until a late hour $hat II leard the garden gate open. I. flew out of tbe house to meethex, and aswe stood hw to face, one bitter word escaped my lipB. "4 It is false!' she replied : the man you " ' > speak ofhas. taught me a lesson which I intend to. take to toe heart. " You have not read the i letter. Oh, William, keep those awful eyes from me ; you look like a fiend !' " f A nd a fiend you have made of me,' I said, seizing her by the throat. Though you have, been nowife to me, you-shall sot make your self infamous with my paltry rival.' " 'For love of the mercy that comes from heaven,' she cried, "let me speak. Don't kill me William! Don't kill me 1'" " Down there, and tell your lying story I hissed, puehing her over the brink of the well. " I heard only one cry, for I stopped my ears to the awful sounds which £ knew must follow, as the well was more than a hundred feet deep, , and its decayed machinery had fallen.., into the black pit long before I took the house. " I ran from toe accursed spot, followed by her spectre? I was mad, but calmly mad, and from that moment started making inquiries of her whom I had killed. First I went to her friend's house, and sternly demanded my wife, fhey told me she had started hours before, and I went to the police station— this very one — and made inquiries. The city was scoured through- oat the night, all toe next day, and on toe following one a dozen advertisements stated that if Henrietta Herrard would return home, her husband was willing to receive her, and to forget and forgive.' > " This disarmed suspicion, and though the detectives visited my place, they never thought fit to examine the well, Iehowed one or two fragments of the letter from abroad, and they came to toe conclusion that my wife had quitted toe country. But the refit of the letter I kept. The man whom I thought I had every reason to hate had written to say-, that he was himself married, and hoped that my wife was happy with mS. " The workmen came and bricked in toe well. They whistled and sang as they toiled, little dreaming of what was deep down, shut from their eyes. " From then to now I have led the life of a hauntetiman. Henrietta has always been at my side. She was with me when I called at the office op Saturday night, with me when I stood on the lqnely sea shore, and she is here now . Look ! — look ! As I speak she glides softly to my eide, and beckons with a ghostly finger." X shuddered, and reooiled from bim as if 1 saw toe mark of some loathsome plague upon bis haggard face, and stammered out : " I have heard enough. What would you. have us do — defend you." " Yes ; because it was not murder. I killed her. it is true ; but, as I thought, under the greatest provocation that a man can receive. W hat's that ? " Was it you who said I lied?" William Herrard clutched my wrist, and, glaring like a fiend into my face, held me as in a vice. ' . " If I thought yon would betray me by word or deed," he hissed, "you— you should never leave this place alive. Do you hear ? I have suffered enough for my sin, I have been mfre miserable than tongue can tell, and I will not be hanged like a dog." "Mr. Herrard," I replied, trying to speak calmly, " you must know perfectly well that solicitors or tneir representatives are in honour bound never to divulge a single word that a client may toy or write. What have you been Writing here r ' _ He teleased me to pick np toe papers, saying : " 1 have been. settling my worldly affairB, as I know that I cannot live long. See, in repara tion for toe awful mistake I made, I have left everything to my dead wife's relatives. Have I not doni well r— is not that sufficient? She does not think so. Her spirit will not go to.its rest, " It remains with me always— always— always!" \ He broke don, sobbing like a child, and" I : took toe bpportonity to say that it was time to g- -v.! - J' .. a : - William Heid midO toe rfuef eotoltablAked. 1 4 Mad-undoubtedly mad," I replied. "Has n.cnrious thing to say,'' Sir. Hatchings ryoined, hut £or his own sake, I hope he is. W eh&ve; known him so long as a quiet, respected man toatr— 1 ?' . I turned away without hearing any more, for < I was sick at heart, and longed|for the" sunlight andjthe faces of busy people. Space nll not allow me to .describe toe various- appearances of William Herrard and" toe remapqs from week to week. " I killed my told ovmr and over again. On all else ha was dumo, ana so were we. It is autotabliBlKd fact that no man can be JpWhrfness 'toe hody, oje pari comes to light, imq is : dispute ; and people, briiev inginHerrard 'sinsanity, fnlly believed tobt he ut under instnint for aahort timeund Bet ut liberty again. But in toe meuipme toe detectives were putting their \ men n London came down, doTa ffiche 6r cranny bf Herrard's premises was left un- noticed. The well was opened, men descended % long ladders, arid «>nnd toe skeleton of a in rotting ra, a brooch, and a&ndy; Other small articles, proving beyond donbttkat Herrard's conieBsion was no mad- iuane«td: Ho wto ttommitted for trial. The asozes toime oriEna U renowned Q.C. was engtigefi to "fiextoahM; but all toe nrguments ana elo- trpllaid not «.ye thewretched man. He was found guilty and condemned to death. When asked in the -ubu&I; form wnetoer he had anything to say, he pointed to toe well of toe cotmt. . , , " Nothing, nly lord," he replied.> "I marely wiBh to say toat toe spirit of my wife haS been sitting at the ride toe. pmeoatog umffld, ' varidinstectolg him|dri>mgh toe trial. i Iihttil never forget the horrified look on the barrier's fatos>nia v| > William Herrard arrived, and my feet were .drawn to-' . wards the gaol. A waggon laden, with timber stood oatside fox the consfaruptipn of the, awful machine of rteato,' fiat toe men in charge sat idly upon it, ; and whispered among each other. 1 'f : WhsA had "happened ? Had a reprieve arrived? ; . \-- I was riot kept long in doubt. The ponderous gates swung open, and a warder came but; and, knowing meweil, cameup. " I am thankful to say sir," he said, " that the ghastly task 'will be spared us to- morrow. ; It is no secret now, so I can speak withont re serve, William Herrard Is dead." " Committed suicide?" Injaculated. 1 ( How cpnld he commit suicide, sir, w hen he has been continually watched by two warders ? He lay down to sleep, as they thought, this afternoon, and when they tried to rouse bun to take his evening meal, they found that he had gone from an earthly tribunal to toe greatest and highest of all." My story with all its faults, is told, but I have endeavoured to tell it plainly, and, how ever toe readers may. condemn, its construction, I have written what I experienced and felt. In a word, toe storv of " A Haunted Man" is a true one. -f Weekly Budget, j 