A Street Fan «f Cfeests. (From "'The Bulletin." Dear BCIitHIK, — Jobn Banaon HiimSrij, whore right to mine and to do every other mundane thing has just been nailed m by the Boss Government; was for tome time a resioenfin Portland-street, Biclimoiid (Via) Ponlnnd-street is a cut de-sac opening into Bowena Parade, at a spot oirecriy opposite to the house formerly tenauled by Peter , Wort®d.wtocK?«mfitat occupied by the latter a few mouths prior to Humffray e re turn to Uallarat to live. On fine days it is the pleacanteBtof strolls from Bowena Parade to Melbourne. The parti being through Richmond Park and Fiizroy Gardens, and both Lalor and Humffray would, weather walk as often to the city as bus it or tram it But they would never go in company— Lalor has often been seen to pass down the west side of the street, while Humffrav, walking in the same direction, was on the other. On at least one occasion the old Ballarat wariior met Hoiuffray — who, being only a "moral-suasion " man, cleared out of Eureka Stockade the night before the military attack— at the turnstile leading into the Paik then called the Paddock. Neither would speak, neither gave precedence to the other— they simply glared, each with a hand on the turnstile. The situation lasted for a moment, and then Lalor turned from the entrance gate and got through the adjacent panel of the two-rail feuee Humffry was not to be outdone — he would show Lalor be. too, could be independent of the turnstile so, though he was gou -y and bulky he got orcr the panel on the other side. When safely landed iaside the fence, he looked at Lalor and Lalor looked at urn. Both burst oat laughing, but still neither would speak, nor did they speak for years after. Humffray was once so hard down in his luck that he was reduced to fossifcking at Fiery Creek, uow Beaufort (Via) It was a local saying at the Creek that " every ptUar carried a nugget," the conventional English of the maxim being that the country was so rich that iu every upright of earth left to sustain the roofs of the drives— it was too much trouble to timber thoroughly in those days— nuggetty gold would be found. ; Humffray believed iu tbe Baying, and tackled : a deserted claim, beginning with the inner most pillar of a gallery. The maxim was false as to four pillars into which at imminent risk to himself, he drove his pick, for they collapsed and part of the roof with them without yielding him a speck. Upon the 5th column, however, a few yards from the shaft, and his last hope, he made a desparate out- alaught, and he had hardy time to pickup a fifty-pound nugget and get to the shaft before tbe whole caved in 1 No— it was only a twelve-ounce lump, and the pillar was standing ten years later. Rowena Parade, Richmond (Vic.), men- tioned above, has, with its extensive Vau- clause, by the way, had a whole host of more or less notab:es living in it at one time or another. Peter Lalor and J. B. Humffray were two only of tbe legislators who pitched their tents on its lines. There was a M. P. for Richmond, who, bring pious, a church- elder, and a secretary of a building society, set an example, which has since been gener ally followed, by bolting with tbe associated fuodB to Callao ; and there was D. S. Camp bell, who, in addition to many another good service unostentatiously rendered to his province, deserves perpetual remembrance as being the first Victorian to plank down a hundred guineas to the Anti- Transportation League, thereby originating the "Hundred Guinea" Fund, without which the Rev. Joi n West and his colleagues of the League would have gone bankrupt. A certain judge lived at one end at the tune he committed u» " faux pas" of— well, falling hotly in love (in his Old age) with a girl whom he almost instantly married. The marriage— not the "faux pas" — brought down upon him the anathema of Socieiy and the Churcb, as Dean Macartney will remember ; and at the other resided a public man whom the judge, in his young and pre-judicial days, once defended on a criminal charge— unsuccess fully- The house in which Lalor resided was "bnilt by Mr Polite, a venerable Hun garian Jew, who had been "out" with Kossuth, and had enjoyed the "dolce-far- Hiente" in a Tyrolese gaol, with an Austrian for Governor. W. H. Handheld, ersLwiiile bowler of " grubbers'" and perennial autocrat of the Education Department, here e ecied, ages ago, altars to his Lares and Penates, and, in the paddock adjoining his cotiage, has often been the recipient of jeeiing con solations from a crowd of email boys seated on his fence as he retired bowled for a "duck" by hie young daughter, who, at the age of sine, could trundle a better round- arm ball thau herdad agrubber. " Sauimy" lies, beloved of two generations of "Argus people and known to all Melbourne as the queer, dwarfish, but obliging messenger of tbe Dig journal, »uu w « o « »» - splendid " Grecian," lived in the street for thirty years, and one of Sammy's bosses, F. W. Haddou, who hulks in tbe editorial chair, built bis first bower of bliss just inside of Vaucluse. Opposite Sammy's house lived a man who had ridden in the firet train from Manchester to Liverpool, and who saw Wil liam Hnskisson killed, and who himself did rio Inconsiderable work for the public ; while a few doors lower down Charles Whitehead, brilliant and ill-fated author, who introduced Charles Dickens to tbe publishing firm of Chapman and Hall, lodged for a few weeks, not many months before he was carried from ir.ik—n» Hmmital to an unmarked nublic grave. There was a curious tale banging about the 8 pot of an orgy in which hi and " Orion" Honie figured. In this street, too, etarved— and died — the brother of a living Australian bishop. Tbe man who died was a mass of erudition, carried loads of learned lumber in his head, wrote and published a magnificent book which nobody wonld buy, couldn't earn sixpence to save his life, and was buried by subscription, to which bis lordship contributed the sum of one pound. And in short, the faded, shabby old Rowena Parade is as full of ghosts as any street can CftS Well Ofi IU tUCJUUUg ouuiirotwo 