i'-r- ' Wolsli Wotes. Mr. David Owon, M.A., writes :— Mr. Editor, I, llko many another of your Welsh readers, rogrotfully miss from ths columns of your oeteomed journal, tho sories of "Welsh Notes" wbioh ware contributed from time to time by our tulontod aountryman, ' Brython." As ho has loft Brisbano and is sojourning with his family at Rookhampton, "Welshmen hero aro now withont thoir his- toriographor. And obwo aron poopluwho groatly loathe to go uortuorded, tho impuleo has ooma open ma to step forward and to do, thongh in mnoh inlorior dogreo, tho work whioh " Bry thon " with enob ability and onthusiaBm, bad done. For this lotter I shati oonflno my ro- mirks to the eabjocts wbloh mainly fill a batoh of Welsh papers lately received from homo by Mr. Ii. Edwards, und nhioh ho htm kindly lent mo for porusal. Tho qnoatlona on- . grossing tho uttendon of Wales aro still the old ones, namely, tho diaoatablishmon and higher «duoution, but mainly, if In a mor > ailent way, tbo qusetlon of higher oduoation. Ehew shall form with mo tho anbjoot of tho present paper. In tho next, I hope, if you will allow me, to coutri'iuto some words on tin .movement whioh is on foot sinoo tho passing ot ItoAot of 1689 lor establishing lutormodlato aohoole to give secondary aud toohnioal oduoation. bowovor, to muko a beginning, it occurs to me to make a fow remarks on tho oharaoter of tbo WcWi papers which lio before do on the table. Tna VnnNiouLiB Pnnaa. Now u tho Wolsh langnogo possesses words wbioh oan oxpross ovory phase of thought and fouling, so writers with tho most diverse attainments, tastes, and opinions axe able, through tho medium of it, to aaake themselves intelliglblo to all their oountry- men. Writers, whether gravo or gay, enjoy an equal advantage ns regards tho reudiaenB of ths Welch public in taking np all kinds of matter in tho shape of print. If ths lively oan oom. mand two oolomne of a pdpor to note the minntics of football, orioket, and raoeB, ana to desqribo how honour is loBt and won among athletes, eo oan tho sovoro command uu equal spaoe to publifh homiliee on the noooasity o£ tho young learning good mannors, forming a taeto for reading, rovortnoing thole .elders, und got- 4tog on in tho world. Tho groat divoralty of toptos tho Welsh writers handle is quito mar vellous. Tho topios thoy touoU upon aro sot thoao only whlah aro foroign to WaleB, bnt aro those transpiring at home, in tho Uttlo oountry itself. Min ing, farming, shipping, slochB, bazaars, lotteries, schools, oollogos, poetry, mnsia, sports, (thatched, ahupels, temporanno, all theea no loss than birthH, doaths, and marrlagos, tnodloines, form port and parcel of tho nation's life, and are worked into oopy.by tho vornaonlar journalists in ouch a way that thoy form in teresting reading to monoglot Oymry in tho remotest oovea and glens. A list of some ot tho topios, together with tho noms lie plume of the writers, would not bo uninteresting. For InvtiM' — hoolmastor or someone sending an : iOOBnt et - "ert hold by rustics and colli-. 1. te a mining "t'lago would subsoribs himtoii i - bottom oi tho list of ringers and sot-gsas " Or < ..-in there" (Un a ooddynoj a raw yotisg radical, burning to aroaso his country men to take up arms aguinat Eagland, and olaim Wules for the Wolsh, would sign himself "The Ghost ol Gieadower" (Ysbryd -Gljndwr) ; a letter urging upon tho young to bs more frequent in their uttundanoo at ohnroh would bear the signature " An Old Deacon" (To hen Fluen-r). A person writing of things in general, but of VYuloa in particular, is surs io sign himiolf "John Jones." Notes from the borderland of England and Wales usually come from " King Off a." Those writers who ooonpy tho first half of their letters in araviug tho indalgtnott of the editor sign thumsolves at thfrend "A Oonetant Reader" (Darllonydd ejeeon). A oaso t f tho strong against the weak moots with un «ag-x champion in "Fatrplay ' (Obwaro Teg). A oritlomm upon a sortnan by some ycung preaobor fresh from collego, bat who, from too muoh theology or philosophy deals with fio-lon instead ot foots will turn oat to be written by ono domanding "Mora Light" (Bhegor o Olouni). A reverend dissenter, who defoxibes hiaeelf as writing from "ThoEaglo's Nest" (Nyth yr Eryr), hoe oontrlvod to mako himisolf a po feat terror. Every wook in a leading Welsh weekly ho has boon breathing threatontogs against tho Church of England to Wales in the most uncivil man dot, calling her eaoh timo ho tarns ronnd to address her "Tho Strange Woman" (Yr Estrones). Now, judging by the wlngod missives whioh drop from the "Eagle's Nest," and tbo olamorons activity of the tithopayors in tho oonntxy parts, it is cvid-u- that tho and of tho Eetoblilb'd Ohuruh la Wnlos Is dnily drawing nearer. Thongh (bo matter is a thing of oonrae, the atrnggle in Wales for disostablishmont is a sovoro strain npon the integrity of ths Wolsh haranter. For it ceases tho aotivo energies of tho 'nation te be nsod rip in small blttcrndssen snd.'wrsDglisgs, and it makes tho mora intelli gent, who, rathor than boo violonoo nnd injus- ties, would prefer to llvo and hopo for the diecMacljuuieu uriucu tu'.ijj u.ui.uu u/ f Lint-, to fear that tho sevoranea of tho Ohuroh and the State will oome all too soon, that iu tho hnrry and the wrenoh someone not desorviug it wiU buffer, that tho main objeot will mlsoorry, and that in place of tbo ovil removed there'wUl follow somo other ovil mnoh groator. The tnrbnlesoo und din arising from timo te timo at the lithe sries mako littlo for n solution -of the dlffioulty one way or tho other. Dis establishment will oomo, but not acoording as tho foes of tbo bboroh dcelro, nor aeoording us her friends fear. And tho way of its coming will, if patienos be nsod, be that whioh will give satisfaction to tho greatoet number. If, however, tho enkmteB oi the ohnroh aro to have things in their own way, tbon faro well ta the higbor hopes oi tho nation ; and ii hor friends are to have things to their way, again farowoU. For plain men und womon at tho foot, whothor of parson or ol pastor, either will bo an equal mis fortune, bo. lc were woll for tbo nation at larg-i if tuo'/ucugHlo be amply prolonged, aud the viotocy.lie neither with tho churoh nor with tho Nte. - It it no matter that tho religion of tho -ohurbh, or ' the religion of dissent, fails to ninlster abnndantly to tho needs of tho present gandratl6n.: The good that thcyonth of Waloa Savo'rieod of is being admlnisterod to them by / ' ' Tub Tnnjm gums Oonmaai at Attorystwyth, 'Oordiff, nnd Bangor. It is gratifying to see v/hnt inflasnoo thoso now aooular' lnstltntions - aro oxercistng over the WUrii yontb. They have,' without jarring on tko prejndioes of tho loss'favonrod minds of tho jrtooijiallty, risimmed,' in oarrylog on thoir Wirk, an attitude of perfcot freodom nnd liberalism. , Already havo noma of tho toholare xnrtured at tbolr brouata ohown that they can take up their work iu life frcm tho moot od- veuotd, modern atandpoint. And the young oen'ate fortunate to possesring, in addition to 4h«ir '-"koddoDiioal cqulpiucnt, a Bofoguard. agatost the pitfalls and nncortuiutles of many' of the' modern things in the uffootlon whloh till oltcgs to thorn lor the religions traditions -of Wales during tho lust oentory and a hull. Tbo :oallings which Welsh soholars tako up ro similar to thoso which well odtioatoa. .AnstraUans adopt. Thoy toko np, . baeldes the -professions of tho luw, modloino, or tho gospel (ualilngB whloh always had somo Welsh profiolento), tbo prefessionu of tho arohitoot, tho ngtoSer, the merchant, and tbo monufaotnrer. Formerly it. .was only tbo thrco regular pro fessions that they OBponccd, and oven then it was only thooe'.wko oould afford' tho exponeo of an cdncation in England or' at Oxford." nnd Uamh'tidge that sncoeodod in thorn. Bat at present the advantages of hlghor odor-ation ' havo bten brought to their Tory doors. And -these colleges, to nso a Qgaro, furnish a kind of landing 'stage where hotnoly youthn with over 0 light a sorip, hailing from ont- of. tho way corners, may toko their diploma and titenos launch themselves forth on tho opoD froo urronts of thoir time. , . There is ono item of news, in this oonnootlon, whioh"! ought to mention boFore concluding. It is tho fact of tho risignation by tho Rov. Thomas OburleB Edwards, D.D., of tho prin- clpalshtp ot tho oollogo at Aborystwyth. , Ho had trion , lndnood to tako this important top hy the pressard brought npon him to tako up tho prlnoipnlehip of tho oollogo at Bala fOalvlnlsUo. Methodist), in" tho. room of. his father, tho' lata Rov.' Lowis Edwards, D-D. This prlnclpalehlp hnd been, In view of tho impoxtitoh .qhanges. whloh it was proposod.tp.. ituko" there, jraoant for somo tlme._ Its adoopt- anto'hy the Wv.'Thomris Obittlda Edward 11' was :- en eriddriragementto thk trastoss tererdrgariiiid fbo Oo3!eip».oa Chehrori'Zia' TWloit formerly opened for'thetrrihlng of Mintaiora ' ftmong tho Welsh . Calviniatlo Mothoitsu, it is being opened now in this month ol September a on exolnnlvoly Theologieal Oollogo, Into wbioh all will bo admitted, whether candidate? for tho minstry or luymon. 