OUR NEWCASTLE LETTER. (rnoM oun own cojikespondknt.) NEWCASTLE, MONDAY NIGHT The Boat Race The race in light skiffs between Tom Croese and ' Scotty ' Schofield for £100 aside took place over the Raymond Terrace course on Thursday last in the presence upwards of 500 people. Tho urunt cauecui - lot of excitement all over (lio district, mid, ' lot of monoy changed hand* over tliorcjjU !, Thu men wero iu tho best j.ossiblu oonditioj' k SolmHold turiiiiiu tho scale* itt lliat nnrl Grot «! n trillo ovor 10»t. Mr. Clarence H. Hannell, J.P., acted as starter, and (fot tho ludj awiii ® on Very uicn tl'i-iim. Croese shot away in the front, and after putting in a few powerful work, aud pulled, uwuy leisurely, liavini ' Suotty ' undor, his cyo tho wliolu distancj Bcforo tho Jmlf-milo post v.'.i.s readied it ir:, apparont to everybody that Croese must win. 'Scotty,' was pulling up well, but he sat an awkward seat. He showed plainly that he wass anything' but, a iinislied sculls in liyht ' skifib, hut of coinso i^j awkwardnCBS.Will lonro him if ho contincci practieing. A couplo of woll-known Svdotj apo'rtumon wcro on board the umpire's boat aud tho rac'o had not prdooe'de'd Tory far v.-inj they were calling out 20 to 1 on Croese. The tempting offer was accepted in one or two places,- but when reaching the last stretch, the offer went begging, SciioOold's party bci:i satiB'flpd that tlioy Imd not the ghost of a chance. Croese took matters very coolly right through and paddled home a length in advance of his opponent. Mr Walter Sidney gave the time as 21min 8 1/2 sec , the distance being slightly over 3 1/4 miles. The setting took place at George Bunn's Great Britain Hotel on Saturday evening, and passed off very satisfactorily. It was fully expected that some more matches would have been ratified but, beyond- a little talk, nothing was done. It is possible though that Young and Hickoy will be matched against the winner before long. Croese's party are only too willing to come to terms, not only with Hickey, but with any man on the Hunter River. Croese is looked upon as a coming lad, and if nothing turns up for him in Newcastle it's quite possible that his friends will take him to Sydney. For his race with Schofield he was trained by Harry- Messenger, to whom no end of credit is due for the way in which he brought his charge to the post. 'Scotty wis ttUmidod to by Alec M'Lean, the cham pion's brother, who did his utmost to bring the novice out fit and well. Tlio Harriers. V Th'o 'tiOyils Handicap promoted by tliete fc; ttnnial Humori w:ii» eoiitosted on' Hie Cricl,) f. Ground on Saturday ufternuon, iu thu pre- f aenco of a-ycry fair attundniieo. Tiie.~:e eyecti & aro bceoitriiijf very popular, and tlio'lai S always look forward to them witli a deal if ! auxioty. 'Saturday's final was won' by W. Campbell, Jack Greaves runiiiiitr suc'on'd. id 5 P. Sparke third. Tlio 'Wlieclincii. | Mr. j.. M. Arnott, tho lion. sec. of th \ Ndrtlimnbqrlanil Bi.cyclo Olub, lias iss'ncil a ?! attrautivo programme. io be.di.scus.st.-,! at Ui x two days' melting on Thurrfdavaiul .SaturJtt '} May Hand 10. incindod in 'the proj-rara-ii '' ia a ehuinpioiiShip 67eut. and Kovenii otira i equally intcroatiug rac\\.-3 are Ed dohu fur it ;! cbion. fi Football. | Tho niombora of tho Newcastle rugby Foot ball Club held their annual nie«ting'alili I Centennial Hotel, on Friday uvciiii::f, ilr. II I li. Lang in tlio chair. Tlie annual 'rupottiisiB read mid unanimously adoptuil. It mis riiroi that tho first 15 had ' phiycd 13 umtcliw,rfB which 8 wore tfoa;.i lrejt,;nic! 1 drawn, scoriijB in .-.!! Oj poi-ita aa against their oi-;)w:c!;K'!-lB In addition to tliis.llireo wins m:iv b'o sconlf for. matches: forfeited. The SoB'Jud Fiftceil played 9 uiatchca.'.of w.hich 2 werLMVon,Cicsi,B and 1 drawuj.scorhiir 77 pointa aa aguiiut ft B Tho Sydney and 'Wallaroo Football Clubs piii fj us a visit ilriring the season,- nnd in both ties H ?inatcliO' Joifr blah wiis siil;cc;rfjtul. ta B May 21 tlio team joufiicycd to I'urrairiili, R and v.-oro d6fc-:ited by the !ot::il dub. On Au»rf | 2, a; scrdtcli ttiain. visite'd Tuaiwortli, ail E spent a vcrrplc!iyahtttui6,thc match rusul:!t| I in a wiri for tlio clnb'.by'lO iroiuts toy. 'Hill .trophies for llio past season's play were imllolfi I for hy tlie playflrs aiid ivi/rn won an follows r-H back play, i'l/NiukUson; forward play, Ui::j| Greavca. Tlio 'lialitiice-shet-t Khoweil tU| during; trio- yeiir tho Wuiii-of. £'l'i 'J.4 0;! !dB bocn reeeivod -fro.-n fcubs«ri|itioua -n.-id «oli-B tions, nna-llio sum' of -'Jlti- -li!s ai ra I t-jrjx/h'ded, Ioa\'iuj a credit lutluucc, iiiu! ft.i-i-; j? J&i; l-U (id on hitrid, of JC5 'Is 10.1. The- r.!c-;!i;] i bl'onieora for the ousuiiiir year r..B-.i!tc-d u E follows :-l'resiileut. Mr. If. II. J.an; (r* S oloclod) ; viee-prcsiilciits, j\lu;srd. A. I.a:.;- ', will, S. Ltiiiifc', 'E. Gri-.hnni, ami J. E. C-.-ii Si (rc-elccl:6H) .- Vuerctury, Mr. .lolin l'atm lr.-gi ok-cleil); -(ronsurcr, Tilr. U. C. Lc-t?:; fc captain, Jlr. (.'. Whiting; vicu-caplaiu, &.% T. V. Carr;''dolo'aiUi!s to the Kugby Unto.-, % Mossrs. S. hiiing (re-fk-ctud). ami C S Donaldson ;-selei:tioii CDimnittue, thucn|itab,H vice-captain, aiid Mr. J. Greaves: i:ei'.-'!|| i!OiiiuiittL-u,|Mciisrs; J. liruai'ca, 11. Orenvcs.t'.K Donaldson, F. Croudace, . W. Gardiner, II. Rig Charles, F. Nickisson, and G. Melville; socrotary second nflcon, Mr. H. Thurlow, llcfnre the meeting diypcr^cd Mr. Tt'B Grahame drew attention to tlio f.icifi that the Northern branch of tbgl l^llghy Union ,w:ts Xm in debt, 'aiiffi will. Mr. Ui.g-ho hail bocQino respunsiftW for Mint moment. lie di-slred that dig club should iUisisl. in clearing oil' the debt, ufl suggested that u member should lie iipiioiiitdB to attend the next, meeting of the Ui:idB Aftor iliamiiiiiioii, Iho mombei-H present Icflllfl matter in the hands of .tho deleirntes, sabjc:® to Iho approval of the comniitteu. B tHE pELICANS. If is quifoon llm cards that tho uoiirjH match between Chris Cunningham and Charles Walkley will fall through, ft will lio n-maBJ bcred that the committee of the Club a lon-HH night ago promised a pur-ie of 20 kovs for t-'BH men, and as' soon as they -vnro njinriseil ol'U'BB fact they Bottled dou-n l.o Imnf graft. IiRg transpires now that Ciniiiin«li;un will liHffl unablo to go on with the light, as he has teflS) given to understand that if he attempt! IQ enjoy himself in this manner ho will bo siaflBJ marily dismissed from the li mi for whomloH works. Cunninghan is -net the weaithititaB man. in tho world, nnd he canuot aflWd !-Bm sacrifice his billot for the sake of cnj;apr,f niH a boxing contest. The commilteo of tho cH|H aro now considering us to who they slull p^HB against Walkloy. ft is only right that liBH should bo given lirstshow, considoiius lli-tbH lias now boon disappointed twice. There -Hfl some talk of tho club arranging a fcatlgM weight boxing tournament fora snljsfaonBB pursu, the event to tako place in the coiim«HJ a few weeks. Vickers and O'Neil arc aniioaHB to have H'cnt ot ono auothbr. The lattcrbi^BB already deposited a fivor, and as pooaajj Vickcrs eoveri-, it tho club willprobnblydecdcgj to givo tho lads a purso. BB The Races. Tho annual race meeting of the New castle Jockey Club was a decided BucceaMH in ovcry respout. Tho racing wa« i-BB that could bo dosircd; and the bcllnjM on Iho various .oreirtii »a« unusi)»C)BB brisk. Tho chiofrV^Yciit on .tlio ^W day was won by; Erriost, trained by WHB KOusc. In connection with this evout 'JBJE Walter Sidney promoted a consultutioii, &-? tlio hard-working miners, Geordie Bolton UM Franz Reay, were successful in pulling oSIubk big monoy. Thoy offered tho owner ono-U«JBH of tho prizo, but ho held out for irac-lnyHB whioh tho holders of the ticket pomt-blcigM refused to (five. Tho rosnlt was that R™«!jH ownor rocoived ' nix,' and the two GoowfljH scooped the pool. BH 