Immediately after the last flood we modestly suggested that in order to mitigate the chances of danger in the future ' the work of improving the Tarra most go on continuously. The reef at Blunder's feny, and the remain* ing earth bars and reefs at Princes bridge require to be removed, and all along the course of the lower Yarra the river requires to be widened and trimmed. The suburbs cannot hope to escape damage in the time of flood. So many portions are built at an elevation little above the sea level that if the river is banked up they must be : flooded. Bat the violence of a /lood ' zssy be greatly mitigated by making I the river—the great natural storm | water drain of (he disuict — as open as | possible to the sea.' Tho general opinion appeared to be | against that idea. So finr'.y rooted in the public mind was the notion that a high tide and a south-westerly wind banked up the Yarra waters and caused a flood that we were — well, just a little bit smiled at— for suggesting that to prorate a uevicr mctuio ui w uic sea was the best remedy. In the short time which has elapsed there has been a marked change in pablic opir^on, and on Monday the Prahran council agreed to convene a conference with Melbourne and Rich mond with a ? vi?w to discussing the question of deepening and widening the river from the Church-street bridge to the wharves. The report of the surveyor presented at that mooting indicated clearly that we were on the right lines in making oar original suggestion. He showed , £}ii££h0 total yfafrrtl during the flood j » « to aj ' the liighest recoirded fall in tlie time, as although «!bout 3he same quantity Cell 111^1863 it was spread over,lour or five days.' The inference is that the raw&U; so rapidly that it could not get away by the natural channel, the river, in -Sufficient volume. And why? We have already told our readers how a councillor coming- up the lowdr Yarra on the Sunday of the flood found the river pouring rapidly, into the bay, thus indicating that there was no stoppage there. And the figures supplied by the engineer are very con clusive in tViig direction. Mr. South says that at Williams road the water was 24 inches higher than tbe 1863 flood, and at Punt-road, Bichmond, it was 13& inches higher. Yet at Princes bridge it was actually lower. Evidently it was the narrow ness and shallowness of the river above Princes bridge which formed the obstruction to the water getting away rapidly. ' The high tide/' continues the engineer of Prahran ; ' could have very little effect in keeping up the water at Prahran; neither could the west wind I have influenced it much, as the wind went down on Sunday night ; and the maximum height of the flood was on Mondav mominz.' The more the matter is looked into, the more it is seen that improving the river is cheaper and more expeditious than building embankments to protect the low-lying lands. The embankments themselves do not offer any special difficulty, but in conjunction with tbem | there would have to he kept up a very j costly pumpingplant, alwayeinreadiness for emergencies, and yet practically useless for many years at a time. ' It would be cheaper/' remarked Cr. John Tubksb, 'to buy out all the residents in tbe low lying portions.' The con ference which has been convened will, therefore, have something definite and practicable to discuss, and in this con nection it may be mentioned that but for the obstinacy of a bare majority in the Bichmond council some years ago the reef at Brander's ferry would have been removed by the Government at tbe same time that the improvements at J Princes bridge were carried out. I i I Next Saturday we anticipate having another sparkling issue, which will prove of special interest to oar readers, wbo seem to have got quite accustomed to the little surprises we are giving them. In addition to the reports of the various social events transDirim?. we shall have other attractions that will add fresh laurels to our already achieved victories. This iB in 6trict con fidence, and we hope tbe reader w'l not let the secret go further. The old Theatre Boyal re-opened on Saturday night last under the new management in a new garb, the interior of | tbe massive theatre having been entirely renovated, making it now one of the hand somest, as well as the largest place of 1 «musemr-nt in the ciLv. The niece pro duced was ' Tbe Dancing Girl/' in which Miss Laura Villiers, a talented English artiste, appeared with a strong company, who made a good impression. The new Australian Theatrical Company is to be congratulated on its enterprise in moder nising the Boyal, as well as upon the happy selection it has made in regard to the choice of artists for the initial production ' The Dancing Girl ' should have a long run. The genial face of Cr. Fuller was again seen in the Prahran council on Mon day night, and in thanking that body for their ldndness in granting him leave of absence, he touched lightly and briefly on the sights which he had seen in Loudon and Paris, one of the mostimpressive being the eight hoars demonstration in Hyde Park. He also described tbe Forth Bridge in Scotland, tbe mammoth Manchester ship canal, and the Salford cotton works, where there were no less than 600 girls working in one room, for one of whom the Shah of Persia offered £300. . He entered into 6ome details of the destructor and desiccator sys* temsat Manchester, tbebnrning of the refuse supplying sufficient steam to destroy the night soil. He also witnessed the deodori zation ot the gutters by means of water carts. He was warmly welcomed back by the mayor and bis brother councillors. ? We have been from time to time flooded with lefctei* respecting the Prahian | pablic library. As all local interest has | died oat some of the contestants have tried to revive it in the Melbourne preci. Tbe Standard, in declining to insert a letter, says—' The subject is of purely local in. , terest, and judging from our correspond* ent's letter strong personal feeling has been imported into the discussion. The proper place to deal with the matter is on the public platform during the forthcoming elections.' The latest addition fo the corres pondence in connection with St. Matthew's Church squabble is a letter in another column addressed to the iocumbent, tbe Bev. A B. Blacket, by ' Seatholder/' who claims to have been a seatholder of St Matthew's for 27 years and a Soaday- scbool teacher for 20 years. The wiiter seems to infer that St. Matthew's is a quarrelsome body, and has been so for inany years, and he inclines to sympathise with Mr, Blacket in his troubles, - For ourselves, wc are wil ling to give epacc to tbe ventilation of the dispute ; bat &t; the sune time St should be apparent to all that the sooner the trouble is settled the better it will be for the cause of religion in general and St, Matthew's Church in particular. Our old friend Dampier has seldom I appeared to greater advantage than he did on Saturday night last when he took a temporary farewell at the Alexandra I Theatre in ' A Boyal Pardon,' one of the ; best productions the company has appeared I in. Tbe old favorite, Mr. E. Holloway* excels himself in this piece. The house was well filled, and Mr. Dampier met with a warm reception, a presentation being made ts him at the close of tbe entertain' ment. The company is about to take a provincial tour, in which wc wish them the best of luck, and the success they deserve. A CONFERENCE IB to DC CaUCd DCIWCCU . the Trahran, Bichmond and Melbourne j councils to consider the question of lower- j ing and widening the Yarra from the Church-street bridge to the wharves, so as j That welcome guest, the Illustrated' Sydnsy Kcw*, is~ still of the.' Horrocks's A ' brand—In fact it seems to increase in interest with eich issue ; whidh, probably, may be accounted for by thefact that more space is being devoted to Victorian matters. Last 'week's number .contains, under the head of 14 Some Australian Women/' excellent portraits of Miss Sutherland and Miss 31. id. Booth, two Melbourne philan thropists. It 16 not generally known that the inventor of the indispensable lucifer match is a member of the present Housf of Commons. Mr. Isaac Holdcn, the tnen^bor tor the Kcighley division, made the first lucifer match, and sometimes, .expresses regret that he had not patented bis in vention, which woald have brought a large fortune, The NEW market building at Prahran j 1 6 till more clearly demonstrates tbe little , I dependence which can be placed upon the ; I estimates on which municipal ' loan 1 om nmhared. T t Wftfi estimated by tbe architect to cost £G,500; the council scheduled £7,000 for the work, but as the tenders received were not less -tbszz £10,000 the design was '« chopped down ' to endeavor to fit it to the money available. Notwithstanding which, it has already absorbed tbe sam of £9,4-06 ]fe and the final payment has not yet been made. The last loan floated by tbe Prahran council of £60,000 has been ail spent with the exception of the sum of £9/756 18s. 9d. On Monday there 6tood a balance to the credit oE the corporation at the City of Melbourne Bank, London, of £2,345 Bs.Bd., while in Melbourne £15,000 was on deposit; but against this there was an overdraft at the bank's Melbourne branch of £ti,677 Ss. 8d., while £1,011 4b. was authorised for payment on Monday, thus reducing the amount available to the figure stated, viz., £9,7o6. The Prahran council bad on Mpnday a credit balance of £5,145 18s. 5d., against which payments were authorised to the extent of £2,606 ICs. lid., leaving a net credit balance of £2,479 Is. Gd. From this has to be deducted a. couplc of thousand' pounds which have been received ae pan charges, and which, wc have the assurance of the chairman of the finance committee, will not be expended, but will be returned if the contract is not earned out. This leaves £479, with a possible £5,323 7g, Id. to come in from rates, arrears, formation and tarpaving (plus renta and sundries), or in round numbers £6,000, which may be collected in to meet the expenditure of the next two months. The Pabtoralist Association of Queensland have issued a brief bislory of tbe great Queensland strike, giving a terse outline of that struggle, tbe end of which bus not even comc. The ' diary of the strike, ' which is included, will be very bandy for reference. »Pbo Bono Publico,1' endorses the wish put forward by our correspondent 'finnui' in a recent issue, that the Prah ran council should institute a series of popular evening lectures in the town hall by the librarian, Mr. Du 6ojr. On Mondav, what might have been a very serious accident, was averted by the coolness and presence of mind of Ur. Wal« lace, of 'Lissoy,' High-street, Windsor. The doctor's coachman was driving a very spirited mare, a recent purchase, and being frightened near the Wesleyan chapel, 6bc The man beimr unable to control the mare, the doctor was equal to the occasion, and setting- bold of ike reia5, after a long struggle the mare was brought up, but not until the splinter bar was broken and the shafts smashed ae well. Numbers of people witnessed the occur rence, and each moment expected to see a terrible catastrophe. Sleeping in a van is in the eyes of Dr. Fetherston a practice which leads to stealing fowls an,dall sorts of other offence*. Two youths named Charles Wilson and John Frost were before the bench on Monday as vagrants, having been found by Constable Kinniburgh sleeping is a van ia Cross street. Wilson got a very bad character from that officer and Constable McCorry, . and the doctor read out a lot of convictions against him. ' Yon evidently don't intend to improve,' he said ; 11 and though the country will have to pay for it, we can't have yoa knocking about the street comers.11 Therefore he gave Wilson 6ix months, and after lecturing Frost on the enormity of sleeping in vans let him go. I » ' On our fourth face, we commence a | thrilling story entitled ' A Five-hundred j Dollar Ghost,' which will be found worth perumiig. iuc u»i«= « wnww-w- j-b- five of this issue. The Malvern councillors wrote to tbcit brethren at Prahran on Monday asking for their co-operation in trying to induce tbe Government to select a 6ite for a poBt office at Malvern. Crs. Osment and Maddock both agreed that tbe site pur chased by the Government at Armadale was wholly nnsnited to the wants of either Malvern or Bast Prahran, and it was ; onaoimoosly agreed to support Malvern, j — * — i Dr. Wallace, the 'leading homoso path)' elsewhere notifies bis hours of con sultation at 'Lissoy,' High-Btreet, Prahran. i Tbe doctor has given much attention to , diseases of the digestive organs and all nervous disorders , the treatment of which he makes a speciality. 