Wit and Wisdom. Everyone is weary-the poor in seeking, the rich in keeping, and tho good in learning. To lament the past continuously is rather a hindrance than a help to bettering the future^ Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey to ward it> cast .? the shadow of our burden behind We may shut our eyes to a painful truth } but we ' doh?t shut our ears-^if it's about somebody else. ? >>'?*''? ?' .'. :??:'?.'?.??.;.!' .: ^ < ?????? \- There-is a transcendent power ;in example. We reform others unconsciously when we walk up» rightly. Quizz (fishing for sympathy) : Do you suffer with neuralgia ?" Fiz (emphatically) : "Always, when I have it." \- Ancient female (trying to be sweet to a great football player) : " And do you often break your neel: at football ?" Kind words cost only a little thought, a little self-control, a little effort ; but their fruits are manifold and weighty. The grand end of human life is to cultivate an intercourse with that Being to whom We owe life and all its enjoyments. A little boy remarked, " I like grandpa because he is such a gentlemanly man ; he always tvlls me to help myself to sugar." ' He who never sacrifices a present to a future good or a general one can speak of happiness only as the blind speak of color. The coming woman will not marry until she is able to suppoit a husband in the style she has been accustomed to at home. .Doctor : " Have you taken any remedy for this trouble?" Patient: " No, doctor, I have not, but I have taken a power of medicine." " Anybody that knows a thing before it happens is called a reporter," was the definition on the slate of an eight-year-old schoolboy. Mabel (confidentially) : " I waB awfully struck on you once, Jack." Jack (gratified): "When was that?" Mabel : " Before I knew you." Sunday-school Teacher : " Love thy neighbor as thyself. Who is 'thy neighbor'?" Little girl: "Please, ma'am, the folks as borrows from VLBJ" ," Sea-sickness," says a modern wit, "is like a belief in ghosts ; no one will admit that it troubles him, but . every one has misgivings on the sub ject.'?, . The value of labor as a tonic is not theoretical. Work to do and the will to do it well are as cer tain, to induce cheerfulness and contentment as idleness or mere desultory occupation is likely to bring lángbur, irritability, and fancied ailments. The Roman Catholic bazaar at Barmedman realised about ¿8150 in aid of the local church. At the ordinary meeting of the' Public Works Committee on March 12 Mr. Garrard moved, and it was carried-" That in the opinion of the committee the Sydney Hospital Bhould be com pleted in stone on the modified plan submitted to themj viz., the completion of the present north, south, and east pavilions three storeys high, and the administrative buildings four storeys higrh, at a cost of ¿£56,000, giving accommodation for 144 beds ; also, that the present southern wing, with its 78 beds, be retained." 