SHIPPING, Thursday. — High water, 0.13 a.ni., G.40 p.m. Sun rises, 6.13n.m. ; Bets, 7.10 p.m. Moon _ rises, 5.28 p.m. ; sets, 2.10 a.m. Friday. — High water, 7.7 a.m., 7.31 p.m. Sunrises, 5.14 a.m. ; sets, 7.10p.m. Moon rises, 6.19 p.m ; sots, 2.58 a.m. Saturday.— High water, 7.45 a.m., 8.14 p.m. Sun rises, 0.15 turn. ; sets, 7.9 p.m. Moon rises, 7.0 p.m. ; sets 3.15 a.m. Sunday.— -High water, 8.34 a.m., 8.54 p.m- Sun rises, 5.16 a.in.; sots, 7.S p.m. Moon rises, 7.40 p.m.; sots, 4.4-i ft.m. ARRIVALS— January 21. Australian, str., 302 tons, Captain D. Antlion. from Claicnco River. Passengers : — Mrs. Juiso and family, lira. Eggins, Rev. .T. Ay ling, Messrs. R. White; J. Osborne, J. Bradley, F. K. Skidmoro, Bloomfield, A. Bull, A. Noilson ; also four in tho second cabin. John See and Co., agents. Glanworth, str., 880 tons, Captain W. Sin clair, from t Brisbane and northern ports. Pas sengers : — Merloni, Wells, Messrs. Montgomery, Davis, Rosenborg, Honeybono, Bernsteino, Masters Selmcs (2) ; and 30 in the second cabin. Burns, Philp and Co., agents. Sikh, str., 2308 tons, Captain Rowley, from Hong ICong, via Thursday Island, Cooktown, and Townsvillo. Burns, Philp and Co., agents. Hcsketh, str., 640 tons, Captain Savage, from Geraldton. Burns, Philp, and Co., agents. January 22. Newcastle, str., 1251 tons, Captain R. J. Skinner, from Newcastlo. N.S.S. Co., agents. Muitland, str., 880 tons, Captain F. Cnrter, from Nowcastlo. H.R.N.S.N. Co., agents. Adelaide, str., 1711 tens, Captain R. Laurie, from Adelaide and Melbourne. Passengers: — Mr. and Mrs. Russell, Mr. and Mrs. Atkin, Mesdanies M'Georgo nnd children (3), Groig, Kirby, Pioton, Ashdown, Ross, Close, Har rison, Welsh, Brown, Johnson, Misses Pente cost, Richardson, Brookes, Campbell, Sutherland, Ashdown, Dot, Pulsford, Johnson, C. Johnson, M. Hamilton, B. Baxter, Harrison, G. Baxter, Hall, Messrs. Dr. Campbell, A. Froser, W. T. Crown, Gardner, Jolley, Nettloton, Murdoch, l'ontccost, J. Head, Toyor, J. A. Johns, Ren- shnw (2), Laing, Johnston, Houston, Brooke, P. Kennedy, A. Keighran, H. S. Richardson, II. S. llickards, Gooch, A. G. Thompson, Cut- lor, Warren, W. Smith, Wilcox, Eldrid (2) Hach, W. R. Breinnor, Rev. P. Kavamigh, Rov. J. M'Cartliy, Dr. Grabor, Robson, T. II. Wright, Keleher, Gascoyno, J. A. Roid, J. Sutherland. H. 8. Shaw; and 60 in tho second cabin. G. S. Yuill, agent. DEPARTURES— January 21. Alameda, R. M.S., far Auckland, Honolulu and Sail Francisco. Lord Baugor, str., for London, via Port Victor. Wodongo, str., for Brisbane and northern ports. Hesketh, str., for Melbourne. Southesk, bqo., for Port Augusta. January 22. Torridon, ship, for London. PROJECTED DEPARTURES. The steamers announced to sail to-morrow are : — For Brisbane and northern ports : Glan worth, G p.m. Hobart, via Eden : Tnlnne, noon. Melbourne : Buninyong, 5 p.m. Shoal- haven ports : Coonionderry, 9 p.m. Wollon- gong, Kiamn nnd Shoalhaven : l.S.N. boat, 11 : p.m. Newcastle : Nainoi, 11.30 p.m.; Muit land or Gwydir (cargo only): Boomerang (cargo only). IMPORTS. Glanworth, from Queensland ports; 951 hides, 44 cska tallow, 70 cs meats, 345 bis wool, (I bis sheepskins, 4 bis kangaroo skins, 30 bgs horseshoes, S5 cs pines, 50 tons scrap iron, 104 bgs oysters, 2134 mats of sugar, and 1401oz. 7dwt. llgr. gold, also 50 tons general cargo. 'Australian, from Clarenco River: 15 bgs maizo, 80 pes cedar, 31 pigs, 4 coops poultry, 4 cs eggs, 120 sundries. Changsha, from Hong Kong, via ports : 83 ehsts ten, 29 cs opium, 73 pkgs_ chairs, 29 cs plants, 05 es cigars, 2700 bgs rice, 5130 pkgs eastern merchandise and sundries, and n large quantity of cargo for Melbourne, Adelaide and New Zealand. Sikh, from Hong Kong, via ports : 407 pkgs ten, 31,29" bgs rice, 3S1 esoil, 20 cs ginger, 323 bdls bamboo.blinds, 35 cs curios, lSJpkgs chairs and sundries. Aratapu, from Kaipara : 6704 pes timber, 512 bdls broom handles. EXPORTS. Lord Bangor, for London, via Port Yiotor : 4783 bis wool, 1187 ingots tin, 682 bgs ore, 017 ingots copper. Romanoff, for Antwerp : 6336 bis wool. Alamodn, for San Francisco : 126 bis wool, 100 bxs opium (value i'SOOO), 2-104 ingots tin, 123 hides, 107 bis skins, 3 pkgs opals, 81 bxs prunes, 77 pkgs wines and s'pints, 6 horses, and 06 plcgs sundries. Wodongn, for Brisbane and northern ports : 100 bgs oats, 1-157 pkgs flour, 1G0 kgs lard, 410 bgs onions, 1702 bgs potatoes, 160 kgs lard, 75 cs spirits, 250 cs kerosene, 126 reels printing paper, and sundries; also, cargo from Mel bourne. Adelaide, from Melbourno : 48S bgs wheat-, 175 bgs onions, 105 bgs potatoes, 1>70 bgs chaff, 100 es fruit. 21 cks eggs, 50 bxs elemes and sundries ; niso qunntity cf produce from Ade laide. EXPORTS. Torridon, for London : 7944 bis wool, 673 bgs matte ore, 167 bars silver-load bullion, 427 bgs antimony ore, 34,4-15 bgs chrome ore. PASSENGERSBOOKED. Per To Anau, leaving at 8 p.m. to-day for Auckland and Now Zealand ports : Mr. and Mra. J. W. W. Sudholy, Mr. and Mrs. Dunn, Mrs. and Miss Berks, Mrs. Hume aud two children, Mesdames A. Cohen, Stranger and Wrench, Misses Paterson, M. Vogan, Wrench (2), Robertson, Brown, Allison, Plumb, M. Cohen and E. Williams ; Rev. It. W. Baker, Messrs. W. E. Bruce, R. Holt, M. A. Cohen, Barry, Ratjen, W. T. M'Pliorson, H. Sehwavtzskoff, A. E. Sef- ton, K. ,T. White, E. E. Comer, G. Bailey, George Vou Grundhers, Jas. Rott, W. G. Makgill, W. Jones, J. Carrolo. Alfred Lee, It. Miller, A. Hughes, J. Bathgato, W. IC. Coxe, W. G. Harwood, John Stephen, J. Plumb, J. M'Call, R. Robertson, E. Warren, C. E. Donnell, and H. A. A. Harrison ; also 20 in the second cabin. Por Rockton, leaving at 5 p.m. to-day for Noumea, Suva and Levuka :— Mrs. Barrack and child, Mr. Le Niescan and eight in the second cabin. TELEGRAPHIC. MELBOURNE. — Arrival, January 22 : Coogee, str., from Launceston. Departures, January 21: Camp Hill, bqe., for Newcastle ; Oonah, str., for llobart ; Warrego, str., for Sydney ; Derwent, str., for Adelaide. Newcastle. — Arrivals, January 21 : Brunette, bqo., Minora, brig, both from Sydney. January 22 : Namoi, Tentorden, Bftlmain, Gwydir, strs., Isabelie, soli., all from Sydhey ; Franco Cherie, ship, from Noumea. Departures : January 21 : Easby, str., for Melbourno ; Fiado, str., for Gee- long ; Titus, str., for Wellington ; Wyrallnh, str., for Richmond River ; Vile do Saint Maguiro, str., for Pondicherry ; Threo Cheers, sell., for Auckland ; Excelsior, bqe., for Pam ; Fresno, bqe., for San Diego. January 22 : Martin Scott, ship, for Calloo ; Federal, str., for Melbourne ; Favorite, ketch, for Cape Ilawko ; Te Aiiau, str., for Sydney. Mouuya. — Departure, January 22: Moses Fletcher, ktcli, for Wollongong. TjT.t.adulla.— Departure, January 22 : Bega, str., for Eden. Batksian'sBay. — Arrival, January 22 : Wil liam Alexander, sell., from Sydney. Ballina. — Arrivals, January 22 : Oakland, Tomki, Btrs., from Sydnoy. Clarence River.— Arrivals, January 22 : Burrawong, str., from Sydney. Fohster. — Arrivals, January 22: Scout, str., Shannon, ktcli., bath from Sydney. Mankind River.— Arrival, January 22: Rosedale, str., from Sydnoy. Camden Haven.— Departure, January 22 : Mary Laurie, ktcli., for Nambucea. Wollongong.— Arrival, January 22 : ICana- hooka, str., from Sydnoy. Departure, January 22 : Mystery, ktcli, for Botany. Shoalhaven. — Departure, January 22 : Kameruka, str., for Sydney. MARITIME RECORD. Departure op the Alameda.— Tho R.M.S. Alameda took hor departure for San Fran cisco, via ports, from Cowper Wharf, shortly after 4 p.m. yesterday. Her passengors, in addition to those published in the Star in tho list of passengers booked were :— Mr. and Mrs. Rich, Messrs. Ike Weir and H. Ii. Bissell. Thero was tho usual large crowd to see tho Frisco mail boat off. The Pakeiia from London — An Immense Refrigerator. — The steamship Palcelia, specially built for the New Zealand frozen mutton trade, is to arrive in' Port Jackson , to-day from -London, Hsr builders wero- Mossrs._ Ropner and Sons, of Stockton, and her engines, which aro triple expansion 500 li.p. nominal, aro by Blair and Co., of tho flftino plnce. She is of 4331 gross tonnage, and an excellent carrier. The oylinders of her engines are 28iii., 40in. and .75in. diameter re spectively, with a piston stroke of 48in. Her length is 304ft. 8in.; beam, 47ft.; and depth, 26ft. pin. She is tindor tho command of Captain W. Scotland, who formerly had com mand of the ship Jung Fran. Loudon was loft on November 14, and sho had thick, drizzly weather down Channel, which was followed by east winds, which lasted till the Canaries woro reached, whero alio coaled. _ The equator was crossed on December 1 in 13 west and tliu Capo on December 17 in 47 south. One or two days later a furious north east galo was met with, during which the Pakeiia proved her abilities as a sea boat. Kangaroo Island was sightod on January 8, and Adelaide and Molucmrna having bcuu called at tho steamship resumed her voyngo to Sydney on Tuesday. On board were seven or eight valuable blood horses for Mr. M. O Shannssy and somo valuablo cattjo for Mr. Rutherford, all of which were landed at Mel bourne in good condition. Tun Alooma— A Coal, not a Wool Freight. — It was stntod that the steamship Algoma had come round hero to load wool for Loudon. On tho contrary, tho vessel lias boon fixod by Messrs. Ghost and Jowett, shipping ngents, to load Mount Keinbln coal for Singa pore to tho ordor of tho Mossngerics Mali- times Co. The Elbkrfeld from Hamburg. — Tho German- Australia Co.'s steamship Elberfold, from Hamburg, is to arrivo here in the morn ing. Sho left Hamburg on Novenibor 12, and after taking in a full cargo and 84 passengors Antwerp was left on November 20. Fine woather prevailed during tho passage down Channel, and in tho North Atlantic light northerly winds being general Las Palinas was reached on November 27. After coaljng tho Canary Islands woro left tho following afternoon, and tho equator was crossed on December 6. Fino weather was still experi enced, and St. Helona was touched at on De cember 11. Coal was again taken in nnd the voyage resumed tho same day. A moderate galo from westward was mot on December 21 and 22. The wind raised a very high confused sen. Tiiis wenthor ocourred in 42.43 south and 30.40 east, nnd was succeeded by another spell of exceptionally fino woather in the Southern Ocean. Kerguelen Islands woro passed on December 28, and a courso was steered duo east, keeping botween 48 and 49 south until near 110 cast, wlion a moro northerly course was shaped. Cape Borda was passed at 4 a.m. on January 10, and tho Sema phore was reached on tho afternoon of tho samo day. After landing pa3sengerH and cargo tho voyngo was resumed on January 15 to Hobson's Bay, and bond winds encountered the wliolo way round. . Tho Elberfeld made tho passage to Adelaide in GO days 21 hours, including stoppages. The clato of Captain Sass' birthday having boon ascertained, ho was presented with a portrait of himself and his family, nnd was congratulated by tho pas sengers. Arrival of the Changsha— A Record Passage. — Tho China Navigation Co.'s steamship Changslm, from Hong Kong, arrived off the Heads at 8.45 yesterday morning, and after being claared by tho health officer sho berthed at tho company's wharf, Miller's Point. Hor passengers from Hong Kong woro: — Signor and Madame Majoroni, Miss Fnwcett, Mr. Fuller, and two in tho second cabin ; also, two Indians in the third- class- for Melbourne. Sho loft Hong Kong on December 31, nnd ex perienced , light easterly winds and fino wenthcr to Port Darwin, which was reached on January 9, the passage having been completed in 8 days 5 hours, which is ilie fastest on re cord for that passage. She left Port Darwin on January 10 for Thursdnv Island, which was reached on January 13. She sailed again on tho same day, and entered Moreton Bay on January 18, after a fino weather passage, having called uQ Cooktown and Townsville en route. Sho left Brisbane on January 19, and experienced moderato south-west winds and fino woather to Sydney. Her cargo consists of 500 tons of tho usual Chow-chow goods. Tho Romanoff — Another Wool Ship for Antwerp. — Only a few weeks have elapsed since Messrs. Mason Bros', fine sailing ship Gladstone sailed for Antwerp with a full cargo of wool. To-day the Aberdeen bui t clipper Romanoff is ready for tho samo destination with 6330 bales. Captain Hears has reason to bo proud of tho quick despatch which lie obtained for his vessel. The Romauoff only arrived in harbor on Christmas, nnd the holidays inter vening proved such a break that real loading operations did not commence until after tho new year. Tho Romanoff is about one of tho handsomest ships which has ever visited the port. Sho is a clipper in every meaning of tho term, and bIio is maintained in an order which does justice to her appoarance. " Yacht-like " is the term applied to the ship by tho visitor, and this is not lessened by further acquaint ance with ship or skipper. The Romanoff proceeds to sea in tho morning. From the Clarence.— Messrs. John See and Co.'s steamer Australian, witn a full list of passongers and tho usual river produce, crossed the Clarenco bar at 1 p.m. on Sunday, aud arrivod in port at 5 p.m. yesterday. She had light N.E. breeze and fino weather during the passage. _ Shu returns to the Clarence at 9 o'clock to-night. The Glanworth, from Queensland Ports. — The A. U.S.N. Co.'s steamsliix> Glanworth arrived in harbor yesterday afternoon from Queensland ports with a full general cargo, in cluding the valitablo item of 1401oz. 7dwt. llgr. gold. Captain W. Sinclair reports that sho left Roclchampton at 5.45 a.m. on Satur day, and arrived at Maryborough at 4.30 a.in. on Sunday. Sho left again at 9.30 a.m., and slowed down for one and a half hours in Wide Bay, awaiting tide on Stewart's Island Flats. Arrived at Brisbane 2.30 a.m. on Monday, and left again 8 p.m. samo dato. Passed Capo Moreton 0.05 on Tuesday and North Solitary 3.40 p.m. same date ; Fort Stephens 8.55 a.m. January 21. She experienced fino weather throughout the trip. " The Shifting Guide." — A few weeks ago attention was drawn in the Star to the changes proposed in " Tho Shipping Guide," tho only daily paper in Australasia devoted solely to shipping business. Tho changes have been effected, nnd have no doubt been fully appreciated, as the proprietor has made arrangements for a daily issno of tho Guido in Melbourne, Adelaide, Brisbane, and Newcastlo simultaneously with tho Sydnoy edition. New Liverpool- Australian Steamship Service.— Messrs. Huddart, Parker and Co. havo been appointed tho managing ngents in Australia for tho new steamship service between Liverpool and Australia, which is being established by Messrs. D. M'lver and Co. The first steamship of tho Imperial- Australian line, as it is culled, will leave Liverpool in tho autumn. It is intended at present to despatch six steamers of 6000 tons each at stated intervals. Tiie Jubilee.— Mr. J. C. Ellis' steamer Jubilee, from Sydnoy, arrivod at Wellington last evening, after a passage of a little over fivo days. A London Shipping Circular— Vessels for Australasia — Steam Competition. —Wo have to acknowledge tho recoiut from Mr. \V. Balcliin, of 2 Fenchurch Buildings, London, E.C., of a monthly eiroular, which has been prepared with a great deal of care, and is nil tho inoro valuable as it deals directly, among other important matters, with Australasia. Mr. Balcliin states tliat tho keen competition by steam, which has con stituted tho all-absorbing feature in tho Aus tralian Freight market for the last three months, shows no signs of abatement. Both tho Associated Brokers and tho Tyser line have been receiving good support, although it must not be forgotten that the rates taken by both parties have been anything but xemunerative. In my last issuo, wherein I particularised the scarcity of sail tonnage available, I am now pleased to report that this state of affairs is considerably altered, for the loading berth at the moment is fairly well supplied with this class of tonnage, which, notwith standing tho prevailing steam prices, has com manded, especially to Sydney, a large share of the traffic. The briskness iu the Now York trade referred to last month continues. To Boston tho competition still oxi6ts. The Johnston line, after a year's hard fighting, havo, as it wero, signalised tho faot by placing thoir last new steamer on this service, thereby increasing tho numbor of dispatches. Business to India and China ports is certainly on tho inorcase, especially in tho lattor. Rates, how evor, havo not altorod. 'J'hero is nothing fresh to report with rognrd to business at tho Capo. Tho list of vessels on the berth and to. sail comprised a complete record uf steamships and sailing vessels to all Australasian ports and tile leading ports of the world, or at least thono of tho Capo nnd India. The Dundee Whaling Fleet.— Somo of tho Dundee whaling vessels have dono 10- mnrkubly well, and will return a handsomo dividend to their shareholders, states "Fair Flay." The aggregate value of tho catches of tho Dundee vessels nt tho Greenland seal and whale, the Newfoundland seal, and tho Davis Straits whale fishings this season is £72,500, compared with £60,000 for tho 1889 senson. A New Russian S.N. Co. — A company has been formed at Moscow to opon up tho ports of tho East and to _ place tho Levant in closer communication with .Odessa and other ports of tho Black and Caspian 8eas niul the Sea of Azov. Tho capital will consist of. 12,000 shares each of GOO roubles in gold. The Victoria— An Unfortunate Deten tion. — It transpires tlmt tho occasion of the It. M.S. Victoria going into quarantine in Hob- son's Bay is on account of one enso of sickness rcsoinbling smallpox having ocourred among tho Lascilr grow. Tho matter is parti cularly unfortunate, as this magnifi cent steamship has nmtlo a rapid and prosperous voyage, and all her passengers havo arrived in tho best of health. From a report of the voyngo of the Victoria to hand by hor mail from Adelaide it appears that sho is improving in steaming capacity each trip. Tho vessel was three days late iu leaving homo and this timo lind to be pulled up. This she did, and niso saved several days on tho schedule time. Hor each day'B work is worthy of an Atlantic liner. Tho daily runs to Gib raltar woro : — 3-1,3, 392, 385, 205, avorago spocd 154 knots. To Malta tho runs wero : — 1GS (in 9i hours), 409, 386, and 32 to arrival at Malta, the average spocd being 10 '4 knots. Continu ing, tho runs wero :— 406 (m 37 hours), 382 and 97 to arrival at Port Said. Between Fort Said and Colombo tho Victoria averaged 14"8 knots, and uftur leaviug the latter ports her runs wero : —338, 300, 304, 301, 337, 352, 310, 350, 351 and 243 to arrival at Albany, tho average speed being 14'6. Stormy weather was _ experienced during tho greater portion of tho trip ; but such nil excellent sea boat is tho Victoria that tho passongers were enabled to proceed with the various forms of nivmsements for which tho vosscl is noted. It is to be hoped that tho case of sickness will turn out to not to be important, and that tho Victoria will bo at onco released. Loading for New Guinea.— Tho lino top sail schooner Vailolc, of 150 tons, belonging to Sir. J. Williams, shipowner, of Sydney, is now at the Circular Quay loading general cargo for Finclmveti, Now Guinea, under charter to Messrs. Rabone, Fcez and Co. Captain Evers, late of tho throe-iuasted schooner George Noble, and an old Island skipper, in command. Tho Vailele, which is mailing li'or first voyage under hor new flag, was built somo 20 years ago ; but, according to a recont survey and her classification, sho is equal to a croft just commencing hor career. The ICatoomha for Samoa. — As announced in tho Star yesterday, tho A.U.S.N. Co.'s steamship Kutoomba has been chartered by the North Gorman Lloyd's Co. to take up the running of tho Lubeek for this month's trip to Tonga and Samoa. Captain Winzar, ono of tho U.S.N. Co.'s skippers, takes command. The steamer leaves at 7 a.111. on Saturday, and cargo must, therefore, bo at the wharf to-mor row afternoon. The Newcastle. — Tho N.S.S. Co.'s steam ship Nowcastlo left Newcastle at 11.55 last night, and berthed nt the Lime-street wharf at 5.15 this morning. Sho experienced light nira and calms for tho first 10 miles, and during tho- rest of tho passago brisk southerly wind and. small head swell. Hor cargo consists of 20 bis hay, 30 cs grapos, 20 csks wine, 30 scks pota toes, 50 hides, 00 cs biscuits, 100 loose sheep skins, 10 cs wino, and 51 packages of various goods. 