iinii TtiEmtXTElitiB THAT SOMETIMES ' QOnJEfltrS'AGMHST 6UR WILL. ' No Ido HOtbolievo in pbojta'isild-niJ old lady of' great experience, " bat T do \- . beltoTO in tbominlatratloabf dpltfts.'' This t ; id not the age nor the country inwhicb the sbpehiatbrol flpuriehep. Interest i centres booth loo prfloticAl. . ;Haojucq. nouses are .& toatod without great difficulty,, if tlio land- . lord is willing to knock off ft portion of the < rant!. Thcro are many, bowovoi1,,' who will admit tho oxortionB at times'of some! pcca- liar loflaenco swaying our tfotions; -Wanro . . ; to .do tqiuga .wo sbonld'.nos do or oar own Tolition— tfao wisdom, of wblch wo do not appreeiato -until afterwards ; then we wondorhow wo came to d them;. . Wo are forced to learn that .worldly wisdom is not atways that .which guides Into thq wisest courses. In this practical oge results are : What people aro looking after, thoy believe in wbat tboy see jtbo "evidonce of things , not teen " is to be weighed in tho fatnre. Whcn o man is sick. be wants to .got 1 well ; ho cares llttlo what medical motbOd in em. ployed if it cures. Bat if it docs not cute ho soon boglns to donbt tbo. skill of the \- physician, and inquire into his method of uiiuiwitiwui . a,lill|J|;jr lUIII) ll> lUlumilllVV if somo influence induces investigation bo fore it is too 1 ito'. Mr. E. W. Ed mondson, of Melbourne, writes, 21st October, 1800: — "During the post 16 years I have been ail ing periodically from a serious affection of tho kidneys, and In latter years' toy com plaint became more acute, so that I was fre quently seized with stabbing pains in the badk, I had' often prolonged headuchos, tho result of liver disorder. For years I thus suffered, and I thought this disorder of tho kidsoys and liver would bring aboat a . more serious disease. Finally I tried theof- fecta Of Werner's safe euro, ond not until 1 then did I experience any amelioration in my condition, Tfaenseofthfsmediclnespeedily wrought a great cbango and four boltles effected a complete care." Note Wbnt Mr. Henry Warwick, of Lonsdale Street, Mel bourne, soys " 30lh October, 1800 — for some years I havo been suffering from fro qaout attacks of gravel, often with un bearable pains in tbo back and right side, and ray digestivo organs were alto out of order. In addition I was afflicted with con gestion of tbo liver and periodical head aches of a sevcro nature, . My suffering was quickly removed when resorting to War ner's safe cure, of which I took four bottles, when the acute pains in the right side, canccdbythecongestlon oftbeliver. censed, while ray kidneys wero restored to healthy aotioD," 