THE IDLER. MR. CARTWRIGHT AND MISS NETHERSOLE, A LITTLE AUTOBIOGRAPHY, " It bas always been my ambition," said Mr, Charles Cartwright, as he leant back re- miniscently in an easy chair in his com- fortable drawing room at the Botanic Hotel-"it has always been my ambition to appear in an all round play, with a good all round company, each member of it having a favorable opportunity for doing well. Given good parts, intelligent actors, and proper stage management, success appears to me cer tain, "The Idler" gives every one an excellent chance, and in Messrs. Saas, Phillips, Cautley. Russell, Misses Watt Tanner, Kingsley, and Gwynne, are to be found thoroughly-reliable material, and I flatter myself that I under- stand a good deal of the practical part of stage management. "The Idler" has had quite a romantic career. Written by Mr. Haddon Chambers for Mrs. Langtry, it was rejected by her for some occult reason, although she had given £200 to its author as a sort of retaining fee. He didn't feel that he had received justice from the Jersey Lily, and the matter went to the arbitration of Mr. Bancroft, who awarded the writer another £300, so that Mr. Chambers received £500 and his play baok again. Miss Nethersole and myself were the first to produce "The Idler,' and the Sydney theatre going publio were the first audiences to see it. Its success in Aus- tralia was so great that Mr. Alexander gave the author £1,000 and a 10 per cent. bonus for the right of producing it, and now Mr. Chambers has made a good bargain with an American manager, and is a world- famed playwright, It is a splendid thing to be a dramatic author, Pinero and I were fellow actors at the Alexandra Theatre in Liverpool, He took to making plays; I continued acting in them. To-day he is worth £60,000, and I am not." Mr. Cartwright, who has a good figure-he is 5 ft. 10 in. high-an intelligent face and mobile features, has had a long and busy career as an actor. Strange to say, his first manager now lives in Adelaide, for his histrionic career began in 1873 at the Exeter Theatre, then in the hands of Mr. Fred Neebe. Only six weeks were spent in this temple of Thespis.'which bas since passed through a baptism of fire, and then Mr, Cart wright was in harness at Cambridge. The company was not of the highest order of merit, the treasury was as empty as that of the Argentine Republic, and even the most super- stitious of the little coterie lost belief in ghost walking very early in the history of the management. The first decent theatre into which Mr. Cartwright passed was at Greenock, and he got there in the summer of 1874. Here he met that prime Australian favorite, H, H. Vincent, who, having been burnt out of the position of leading actor at the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, had resumed his status at Greenock. In February, 1874, Mr. Cartwright had joined the staff of the Prince of Wales Theatre, Liverpool, where once more it was his good fortune to beoome associated with actors whose names are household words in Australia, John L. Hall and Fred Marshall (who was here with the London Comedy Company) were at the Prince of Wales .Theatre] and here, too, .Mr, Cartwright took part with Jennie Lee in the very first perfor- mance of " Joe," and the oleaginous cha- racter of " Chadband " had its earliest stage, .representativein Mr.Gartwright. Around of stock business and opera bouffe - for Mr. Cart- wright is a singer as well as an actor - brought round the spring of 1875 and the Alexandra Theatre, Liverpool, The next move was to the Prince's Theatre, Manchester, where with Charles Calvert as "star" Mr. Cartwright played through a long season of exquisitely mounted Shakespearian revivals, doing the provinces during the engagement. In 1876 Jenny Lee opened the Aquarium Theatre, London, with "Joe," and Mr, Cartwright first trod the metropolitan boards in the unctuous role of Chadband. Afterwards, with Miss Adelaide Neilson, he played leading legitimate business in the provinces, his last engagement being in "Measure-for Measure"-seen then for the first time for about fifty years-at the Princess Theatre, Manchester. Mr, Cartwright at 'this theatre met Mr. Henry Irving for the first time, and played Osric to his Hamlet, going afterwards to ' the Lyceum, where he remained for two solid and instructive years. In 1879, with a company-whose business was comfortably guaranteed - Mr, Gartwright went away to India, and was absent in the congenial heat of that climate for two years, His efforts were appreciated, too, for with frequent alternations of opera, tragedy, and oomedy, he was in Bombay - which has only about 6,000 European - inhabitants for five remunerative months. He had sung the tenor part in "Trial by Jury" one night, and was chatting afterwards with some officers when one said, "You were in fine voice to night, old chap. What do you play tomorrow night?" No vain repetitions for that British soldier. "Hamlet," "Dorothy," "Union Jaok," La Tosca," "The Idler," and " Dr. Bill" would have been a six nights' razzle dazzle programme which would have suited him to a nicety. In 1881 Mr. Gartwright was back in Eng- land again just in time to join Mr. Creswick after his Australian tour, He alternated Othello and Iago, played Edgar to King Lear, and Icilius to Virginius, and was generally very successful. Then he travelled north to support Mr. Edwin Booth, taking all the leading juvenile parts in the legitimate drama with him, and anon be was off round the provinces with Charles Kelly (Ellen Terry's husband), finally bringing up at the Olympic in 1883. Here he came out as Prince Zouroff in "Moths," among others in the cast being Kyrle Bellew, while Marie Litton took the role which will be filled here by Miss Nethersole, At the Globe a very appropriately named drama -" Low Water" - ran one week, and cost the manager £1,500, and then baritone part in the opera of "Dick," At the Empire-now shining in tinsel and expen sive upholstery as a palace of varieties \- Mr. Gartwright was first baritone in Chilperic and the Palace of Pearl, following up this engagement by one with Mr. and Mrs. Kendall at the St, James Theatre, playing in " Mayfair" and through their repertoire. After a glimpse of the Court Theatre Mr. Cartwright came out as Captain Trevor in "A Run of Luck" at Drury Lane, and appeared with Charles Warner, who had recently returned from Australia, in a "A Noble Vagabond" at the Princess Theatre. Then came a three years' stay at the Adelphi, where leading business was done in such dramas as the "Bells of Haselmere," "Silver Falls," ''Union Jack." Hard work brought, its reward in a fever which kept Mr. Cart- wright for time time absent from the boards, and it is to help convalescence that he is in Australia to-day. He appeared with Miss Hawthorn in "Theodora" just previous to his departure, and proved the possession of all his old dramatic skill, but change of place and climate were recommended and he has obtained them, Mr, Gartwright left London in October of last year, after a life full of activity and replete with changeful experience, There is hardly a single description of dramatic per-, formance in which be has not taken part, and he is equally at home in opera, tragedy, comedy or melodrama. He opened th Garrick Theatre in Sydney last year. When he arrived a fortnight before he was billed to play the stage was not down, nor were there any seats fixed, while the auditorium was bare of hangings. But the curtain rose on "Moths" at the appointed time, and for weeks the theatre held about £20 more a night than it ought to have done if - the fire: brigade authorities had been really cautious. To "Moths" followed ''The Middleman," and then came the first production of "The Idler," which appropriately was both written by an Australian and publicly witnessed first in Australia. The Sydney season was an undoubted success, and on February 21 following the pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, the triumph-was repeated, It is very hard to draw "society" to this theatre, which is neither so new nor so clean as it might be, but Mr. Cartwright and Miss Nethersole performed the feat. They will have. their reward when they get back by being located at the pretty PrincessTheatre. The pieces staged in Melbourne were "The Middleman," "The "Fortune of War," and " Moths," each of which: ran three weeks. In Adelaide Mr. Cartwright plays only a season of two weeks and three days, the opening bill being "The Idler," and the oompany identical with that whioh played with him in Sydney and Melbourne. Like every one else, Mr. Gartwright is much im- pressed with the beauty of Adelaide, and he echoed Miss Nethersole's enthusiastic "charm- ing" when asked what he thought of the view of the city from the hills as one descends into it after the journey from Melbourne. He quaintly remarks, however, that there will be a more enduring charm about the city, both in his eye and in his memory, if it residents show the same enthusiasm on seeing him as he did on first beholding it. Mr. Gartwright is full of lively thought and serviceable intelligence, and so charming a conversationalist of the stage should be equally attractive behind the footlights. Mr. Cartwright has watched diligently the different methods of management in all the theatre in which he has played, and has made a special study of the work. "Claquers and favorable press criticisms unless fairly earned are no use," be affirms, "it is behind the curtain that the work must be done." Believing this be labored most persistently to have everything thoroughly in going order. He is his own stage manager, and a most enthusiastic and conscientious one at that, and he takes a great pride in his work. Miss Olga Nethersole has a pretty face, a graceful figure, and a charming manner. She evidently loves her profession, and is anxious to make a name for herself by con- sistent hard work and the exercise of native intelligence; She has none of the artful artlesness which characterises many actresses, She began stage work as an amateur in the English provinces when a girl of 16. That is eight years ago, and 8 and 16 makes-well, say 21. As soon an she could she regularly entered the profession, and four years ago faced a London audience at the Adalphi as Ruth Medway in "Union Jaok," and there she first met Mr. Cartwright. She was Nelly in the "Paper Chase" at the Strand, and Miriam St. Aubyn in the drama of " The Dean's Daughter," by Messrs, Grundy and Phillips, produced at St, James. Then she passed back to the Adelphi as Lola in " Silver Falls," her next character being Elaine in " Only a Dream" at the Cri terion. The author, Jooelyn Brandon, waa so pleased with Miaa Netheraole'a sympathetic acting that he gave her a gold brooch with the name "Elaine" set in pearls, and she ia naturally very proud of this tasteful souvenir, It was Mies Netheraole'a fortune to play in the first piece produced at the Garrick in London, and ehe also opened the Garrick in Sydney. Under Mr. John Hare's managementshe played in " The Profligate" when the building waa in its first flush of newness, and then followed Mrs. Bernard Beere in "La Tosoa," and the manager, in recognition of her suocees, gave her a brooch with the title of the play set in diamonds as full of brilliant flashes as her own acting. Mies Nethereole bad a retaining fee from Mr. Hare until her departure for Aus tialia, Mr. Willard wished her to go with him to Amerioa, Mr, Cartwright pressed her to sail to the south, and she chose the colonies. In Sydney and Melbourne she has been a great success, her person, her acting, and her dresses all ooming in for admiration. The dresses, by Messrs, Russell, Allen, and Joyce, were made especially for this tour. When they were finished they hung in the showrooms, and the Duchess of Portland entering, asked Mr, Joyce whose they were. " They are for Miss Nethersole, the actress, who is going on tour to Australia," was the reply, " Oh, they are very beautiful; but they don't look like stage dresses," was her grace's response, " And," said Miss Nether sole, "I was very glad to hear the testimony, for I like my dresses to look as though they could be worn in real life," In the firBt act of "The Idler" Miaa Nether sole wears a viBiting gown of white Batin, worn under a modern Direotoire ooat of rich otto man Bilk, a delicate apple green shade, Ttig white silk underdresB is embroidered in gold bullion and silk on theveatand skirt; on the latter below the gold embroidery ia a band of dark beaver j tbe coat has Zouave front edged with handsome gold bullion fringe. The Medici collar is attached to the Zouave, showing the straight collar round the throat. The sleeves are of the gigot etjle, but not extravagantly high, With this is worn a pretty hat of white fancy straw,-the crinkled or fluted brim turned up all round; the trimming o! white and gold, with a bunch of green in the foliage of the floral spray. The aeoond ib an evening toilette of deep bntteroup tint, a magnifioentgros grain silk brooaded in a large floral design, the satin flowerB thrown into fine relief by an outer edge of black eilk, a faint line woven in the material; the Btraight.drapery of the front opens on the left Bide from the waiBt, showing underneath a panel of terry velvet of the same shade. The low bodice of brocade has a berths of terry velvet, which ia at each shoulder folded in wing Bhaped bows very effectively plaoetd. The train is very long and displays the design of the brocade to perfec tion. Diamond ornaments are lavishly used on the bodice and are worn in the hair, Tha third drees ia also for evening toilette, and ia of white for the front, veiled-with blaok net and jet embroidery, The bodice haB a V shape front of white, the remainder and the ample train is of blaok ermine royale. The jet embroideries include several butterflies of various eizea nestling amongst the soft net fold?, and thrown into excellent'relief by'the white Bilk underneath, The bodice is richly ornamented with jet, and studded with'dia mond broochea of .various designs. Over this ia worn a long oloak of dark grey silk shot with pink made somewhat like the long Russian cloaks, but with a Medici collar. This ia lined with ermine, and gives a particu larly noh efieofc to the toilette, The last act dress is a walking dreBS in the highest mods. The shirt, of a Quaker shade between fawn and grey, is of cashmere, very simply made, . and worn with one of the latest fashion of Newmarket aoats in velvet of the same shade, fully three quarters length, with a long tie of pinfe chiffon confined at the waist by the ooat buttoning over it; roll collar and revers of velvet; hat of felt the same shade as the gown,' and coat trimmed with'grey feathers. Each costume is in perfeot taate, without the slightest approach to extravagance or eooen tricity. 