8TRANG& STORIES. Br James Greenwood ("Tbo Amateur Casual.") Author of " nnmphrov Dyot," "Reuben Davldger," "Under n Cloud," "Dick Tcmplo," "Tho True History of a Jjitlic KAgamuffin, "Pretty IJzzto Lisle," "Korrison's Crime. ""I'air Phyllis of I/tvondcr Wharf," " Jail Birds Bumps," etc., etc. Ali, Rioiits RnsF.p.vzn.J i No. 0. TOOR OLD ORIPPER. it is a curious fact that tlio topics selected for discussion among tho company usuomblcd in tho smoking room of the " Pin ami Winklo," arc different on Sunday from any 1 other evening. At bent It is nnythiuu hut n profouodiy intelligent or a philosophical gathsrloc nor could any other ho well ex pected, it being comprised mainly of laborers employed a: tiro iroighlroring docks and market porter anil barrowmeu. Look in at the " tYinklo" any night between Monday nnd Saturday nnd yon will find tho pastnno of a lively, not toenyn 4 hilarious sort, with unlimited chaffing and broad jokes and horse-play. But on Sun day evenings a ocdater torio invariably pre vails, Not, I am sorry to say, out of any professed respect for tho Sabbath, or in de- icrcnco to the moro seriously inclined of tho inhabitant of the same neighborhood. It would bo difficult to say to what tho marked >. difference to to bo ascribed, especially as ' ihe improvement docs not dovelop until the after part of tho day. It would seem that there to nothing In Sunday morning that appeals to any vaguo sense of religion liar- bored by tho individuals in question. Between breakfast nnd dinner-time they are in no way particular how they bcguilu tho idle hours, nor do thoy rcfraiu fioin what is their ovcry-day indulgence as soon on tho pttblic-housca are opened. Rut np to that tirpo they have not said to them selves, " It is Sunday." They havo not cleaned tholr boots, nor visited tbo barber,' nor changed their Uucn. With tho majority of such hard-working poor fellows, tt clean shirt Is a luxury they can afford to indulge in but onco a week, and it is not Impossible that tho vaguo moral compunctions that como with the afternoon are due in no small degrco to tho penitential stiffness of their starched shirt collars, and to tho chastoning effect of yellow soap, supplemented by shampooing with a rough towel. Anyway, on Sunday evenings thoy aro changed men. As they sit in their unual seats In tho common room nt tho " Pin uml Winkle" an indefinable awkwardness im pedes their free speech. No ono affects an interest in the aflalrs of tho nation, socially or politically, or has an opinion to express relatlvo to anything bearing a work-day or eonunon-placo complexion.' But lot any body iutroduco a subject touching on the supernatural, or tho demoniacal, or tho marvellous, and ho instantly secures an attentive hearing, and tho tongues of tho company aro loosened. I can answer for this being so, for I havo beon present. Ho doubt I might hnvu been better engaged on a 3unday night tlmn in sitting behind a shining measure of mild alo and smoking a pipe at the "Pin and Winkle," Imt what I sought was unattain able at any other time or by any other means ; so thcro 1 was. ', I cannot say that tho prospect from my entlook was promising during any portion of tho first half-hour. It was a sultry August night, and a storm was threatening. More than onco I vainly hoped that, favored by atmospherical influences, what I was wait ing for was coming. A middle-aged coster- monger speaking of thunder and lightning, incidentally alluded to thulightmng-couduc- tor nfiixod to tho obimnoyahaft of tiro factory st tho corner of tho ntreot. " Though why," he continued, with a puzzled shako of the head, and having, I suppose, omnibuses or tram cars In his mind, "whysuch a thing should bo called a coudnctor any moro than driver, blest if I can make out." But au cruilito young portcrof SpRalficlda came to his assistance, "I should havo thought that any fool would have known why," hu remarked, with kindly pity for thu other s ignorance. " It is callod a conductor, Joey, uccauxo of tho attractions wot it liaa got for tho lick-trick flooid wot rons down it." No ono aocncd disposed to challongo this tncid explanation, and tiro learned ono pro ceeded to oullghtoa thu benighted barrow " It to tho lick-trick fioo'd Joey, that strikes at you and puts your light out, if you happon to be out iu a storm, and takoahcltor ®ndor a treo." "Why do it?" demanded tho barrow- man. " Cos It do.' And tho scientific disquisi tion thna satisfactorily disposed of, no moro Wts said on tho subject. A four minutes afterwards tho landlord came in to rupleniah empty measures, fol lowed by a gaunt and sad-looking old dog of tho "bull" breed. Glancing round for u vacant scat, tho dog proceeded to occupy It, and eat up surveying tho cutnpiny mournfully. Nobody langhod or resented tho canino intrusion. On tho contrary, tho matt who est on tho next chair greeted him as " poor old Grippcr," and after giving htm n friendly pat, poured out on to tho table n drop of beer from bto pot, which tbe dog lapped tip with an amount of human relish nugges- the of tho probability that if hu bail been offered a pipo of tobacco as well ho would have ahowu himself quite equal to smoking My nndtogutoablo wonderment at tho odd Spectacle was noticed by my next neighbor, who kindly cxplalnod to mo that tho old ! ball dog bad beon tho proporty and tho cherished companion of a laborer at n bono- boiling establishment, and who up to tho time of hto death, which hnd recently oc- enrrod, and for many years had Ix-cn con stantly in tlio lmbit of spending his ovonhigs at the "Pin and Winklo," always bringing "Grinper" with him. "Tho chair you sco him sitting en now was tho ono poor Bilcr, as wo used to call biin, always occupied," said my informant, "and Gripper has been hero every night since, rcgler as over, just as though lie bad Dow becoma his old master onu liimsolf rolled iuto one, which of courso," lie hastened to odd, with almost a hlualt for verging so closely on tho romantic, not to say tho poetic, "is rcdlclus." " Except to them that havo got a bciiof that way," grnvoly remarked a middle-aged man with a woodeu leg, and who had over- hoard tho last remark. "What way ?" " Well, I don't rightly know the proper samo for It," returned tho man. with thu wooden leg. "It to ' trans ' something." "Transportation?" suggested tho young fellow who had shown himself so thoroughly conversant with electrical lore, "Got out 1 Ah if thut was a word hard to remember. It's a buliof somo have tlmt when a person dies hto spcorit thcro mid 1 then enters Into su animal that afterwards to well- used or ill-used, just according to tho sinfulness of tho lifo of tho chap It como out of." "Ob, that!" remarked tbo olcotrician, 11 That's what they call transmogrification." "It haint a milo off it, anyhow," tlio woodon -legged man roluctontly conceded, llo then rc-fillcd his pipe and lit It, nnd leant bnok in hto chair, and it soomed that I was doomed to another disappointment ; when the briskost man of tho party, a littto shoemaker who woro horn-rimmcd spec tacles. broke in with the remark— " Well, what about It ? What lias that to do with Bilerttml Ids old dog?" "Only this much," returned tho other. ' Their being «uch old friends, nnd hnving tho same habilb, Biter's spccrit might havo found room in Grlppor, which would account for his carrying on tho samo old way us ro gards corning among in hero o'nigtits. ' There was a laugh at this, nnd tlio cloc triciun waggishly observed tliattlro boat way to prove it would bo to ask dripper if ho would take a drop of ruin neat, when, if thoro was a grain of BUer lu him,, if ho didn't say " yes" he would bark Ids best towards it anyhow. This put the man with the wooden-leg on his mettle. ''Don't you make any unstako about It 1 " ho remarked seriously, "because It's true. This transmografy it, 1 mean. It mayn't run in all families, but R> does iu Home. It bos run in ours, though I don't say it to running still. I'd bo sorry to, bccatuio it to an uncomfortable sort of thing for a tunn to look forward to. But it is true, for II that. A man may bcllovo hto own father, 2 hope." Awai all right at .tort 1 Thcro was uo moro laughing. Tho wooden-logged man's earnestness of manner nut Iroyond doubt that he meant what ho said, and chairs were hitched forward, and the landlord, who was on tho point of icavinc tho room, closed tho door instead, and seated himself ou the corner of a table with Id arms folded. "If a man can't beliovc hto own father, especially when it comes to such ticklish business as what wonro now sneaking on," said tbo shoemaker, " he ougnt to bo able to. That's nil I'vo got to say about it." Thu» encouraged, tho man with the wooden leg laid down his pipe. "When I said I hoped a man might be- Hcvu b!s own father, I might havo gone further, and added when tlmt father had been uivcu up by tho doctor, and hto son Bill, which wn« mc, had bnon fetched all tiro way from Brontford in expectation of ids drawitic ins last breath. Rut, still snnsiblo, mind yer ! lie knew I hid como by rail, nnd when I tried to cheer him up hy tolling him that it was my belief that he hid month: «' life in him yet, no presently mule tho re mark — " 'Did you como ningto, Bill, or did you take n return ticket ?' 1,1 1 look n return,' I says, and ho an swers, tdiaq> as a needle— " ' Then what's tho use of your telling crammers about my rallying again? If you hadn't been told that it wan very nearly all over with me, and that you had bent stay and seo tho tost, nnd get back to Brentford to-night, you naturally would havo took a siuglo ami saved a mk of nlucpcncc,' "I mention that," Bill continued, "so Uiat you may make no error about his state o' mind. "It was a pint I fell back on myself, otherwise 1 certainly might have though ho was wandering. Well, less than nn hour afterwards, and when there was nobody but him and mo in the room, ho remarked— " 'Rill ! I've got a solemn question to put to ymt, Do you think you would know mo again if you was to meet mo in any other eh&|>c, after they havo laid mo nuuer tho daisica?' " It mado mo feel a hit shivery for tho moment, csnccinlly as ho looked at mesa earncsily when ho said it, "It would be all according, I suppose. But what's tbo good of talking about what haint possible ? " 4 Don't you mako so suro of that, Bill,' Rays lie, with n miserable sort of sigh. ' 1 thought tho same as yon do once; but it proved othcrM'iuc. It was the eyes, he says, 4 that revealed it to mo i' " It was, no doubt, a mere coincidence, but at that moment Gripper, who, still perched on tlio clmir, was sleepily blinking with his eyes wida and emmitted a low, guttural growl. It was for all tbo world as though thcro was somo foundation for tho I'hytha- gorian theory that had been advanced con necting him with tho deceased Mr Bilcr, and thu dog, who had been listening, resented tho betrayal of ihe secrets of spirit life into which tho ugiodun-lcggcd man was launch- big. All breathed hard, and looked at the land lord, who took the hint, nnd apologetically, with a conciliatory qHubiqii to "bones in thu kitchen," Ircguilcd the animal from the room and carefully closed the door again. " It was tiro eyes,' rays my father," con tinued Bill the shoemaker, in ft lowered tono of voico, " that revealed it to me. Rut then, though you can't remcinbor him, liill, lor hu died Homo years beforo you was born, your unclo Ban'u c-ye.i wan pccooliar. llo hud a droop iu his left eyelid, had your undo Dan, and you might swear to his wink out of a thousand.' " Spito of what he had said about tlio return ticket, 1 mado sure then that iho old chap was rambling, and I thought it tny dutv to pull htm up by asking hiin what tny uncle Dan's winking had to do with what we had previously been talking about. " 4 Rill I ' ho mado answer, solemn and serious, 4 that's tho pint I'm driving at. It has got nil to do with it. Because. Rill, it is liko this you sco— it ia in the eyas, or it to nowhorc. There's no othor fcaturo that is similar in human creatures and in four-footed ones. If a man, being dead,' saya my father 4 lived aftcrwnrds iti some other shape, say a horac.ordog.thosamorouidnolbcHiKnificd'hy bto taking on human cars or human nose. It would bo conspickcrous, nnd lie would hu bowled out nt once. Rut unless very sharply looked out for, it isn't noticed in tho eves. It was owing to that unfortunate part of it,' says my father, shedding a tear, 4 that I drovo your un.clo Dan in harness for so long a time without rcekonising him.' " 4 It to a awful thing for a man to have it on his mind that lie lias many a timo worn out an ash-stick iu less than a week whack ing hto owu brother with it,' tho poor old chap said, hto tears coming faster. ' But bow was I to knuw it was him ? I never told your mother anything about it, Bill, and I wisii you, wbo aro the only ono I ever breathed a word of this to, to cquallv keep it from Iter. Sha was always partial to Dan. Indeed, when wo mere both voung incn, I think it was tiro toss of n penny which ol tia alio iihoutd have, and if shu know nil oven now, it miuht spile her regretful memory of mo. But I will tell you nil nboul It, Hill, nnd then you will bo nblo to judgo of bow much, or bow little, I wan to blninu.' 44 4 Dan nnd I was in the rotnit coke lino of business, and wo was not doing so well at it that wo could afford anything better than a donkey to draw our cart about tho streets, nnd when you como to load your vehicle with a chaldron or ao, and t ho animal iu thoshafts iaaold ono, nnd oats » rarity with liitn, naturally ho finds it a hard pull. Our's did, mid thu worst of it was — for the donkey, 1 menu— l)aii was of a hasty temper, and spiteful iu tiro use of tho stick. I don't lay claim to hnvu been nt tlmt timo what might bu called a .Samaritan myself, Imt Dan, ho was certainly cruel hard, mure especially after lie hnd been had up beforo tlio magis trate mid lined tweuty shillings or n fort- 44 4 Why, what's tlio good of whacking him for it?' I used to say, Jt wasn't him that gave you in cnarge, naythor did ho givu evidence ngaiirot you.' 44 'That makes no differcnco,' Dan used to say, it was through him 1 was mado to suffer, nnd now it to through mo that he is mado to Huffcr. That's tiro only way to square it.' And then lie lay on to tlio poor beast liko hcatim.' a carpet, 44 4 One day— it was frosty weather— wo had looked up at tlio coko-yard, and thcro living nearly a ton weight on tho cart and tho road slippery, Dan lie was pnahing at thu bnck. He had hold of tho tail-board for tho purpose, when his fcot slipped from tinder him, causing his dead weight to hang on behind, when up went tho donkey in front, aud your unclo D,ui he was buried in coho. " 4I don't say but that it was enough to mako him wild, Imt ha needn't have been ho cruelly savage. He scrambled up from umlor tlio coko, ami running nt tho poor animal, hit him several times over thu head ith tho kunhby end of t ha stick ho was driving with. I was not with him nt tho moinont, liut I camo np just in timo to roo Iho crcaturo ntrugglo up on to its feet, whon, looking Dan full In tho face, it gavo tlio moit singu lar uort of bray you ovor heard, oml dropped down doad. "4It was early in tho morning— hardly daylight in' fact— and there was nobody about i nobody but an old woman. Wlicro alio sprang from, blest If 1 know. She wasn't to bo soon ono moment, and there alio was tho uoxt. An old woman, weariug a groy cloak, and with not tho width of a penny hlsotiit between her nose and chin. Sho camo off tho pavemont into tho road and laid hor skinny hand on Dan's Bhouldor whilo ho was on ono kncopuliimr at tho hit, and trying to wrench a llttlo lifo into Iho donkoy. " 4 Wlmtaro you trying to do?' tho old woman asked, in a mocking sort of way, 'you can't bring it bnok to Ufo again. You havo killed tho poor animal, what moro do you want? There is no uio in being sorry for what you havo ilrmc.' " 4 Who said I was sorry, you ngly ohl hag ?' says your undo Dan in a passion. 'I diu it ou purpose, and I am glail of it, Now all nccounts aro settled between us.' 41 4 But tho old woman shu gavo your unclo Dan a queer sort of look when ho eaid that. 44 4 That to whore you mako a mistake,' sho remarked ; 4 tlio 'settlement has got to come. I hope you will liko It when you change your shape, and are at tho mercy of one moro cruel oven thou' yourself. There ia no hurry. You aro fateu to it, it it is forty years to come I' " 'And muttering something wo could not ntoko out, aim wnggud hor nutcracker face at Dan uml hobblod otf chuckling, . 44 4 If anyone had asked iuq tcu minutes afterwards U» repeat what tho old woman bad prophesied, 1 couldu't have dono so, but her words camo back to mo distinct enough when the timo came. : 44 'As for your unclo Dtn, ho hardly heard what sho said, ho felt so mad at her for mak ing fun of him as ho thought. Tho donkey was dead, and less than .six mouths after poor Daii died too. "4'fhcre was nothing that mRht he colled uncommon in hto way of dying. Ho took a fever and went off quiet as a Iamb, and I kept on tho coko business. We hail bought another donkey in tiie place of the one that mot with the Accident a I have related to, but it was an old one. About a year oml a half after your uncle's death, I went to tho market ono day to buy sonic odds and ends of harness, and a young donkey won put up nt auction with others. Of ourre, I was not aware of the reason then, but when 1 saw it l>cing run uo and down to show its paco I took a fancy to it, and what ought to havo struck tno ns being even more strange, it seemed to take a fancy to inc. Wo wpre strangers to each othor, and, as far ns I knew, had never met before, yet tlio moment I gave it a pat on tho nock it kicked up its hind legs and tried to nuzzle its uoao into my hand. Rut young jackasses arc naturally playful, nnd I though nothing of its antics. Anyhow I bought it. Not with tiro idea of keeping it myself, for I didn't want two, but to sell again. A friend of mine was a fire.vood seller, and had several barrows and donkeys, and the animals after working in tiro busi- ncxsall the week were taken to Hatnpstcad Hentb on Sundays ami let nut for riding, and I know that it would just suit him. being smart and sleek, for thu caddie. I made a crown over the business, and thought no more about it until a few mouths after, when 1 met old Rashnm, who I had Bold it 41 4You know thnt young Neddy you sold mo?' ho nays, 'well, it to the most virions villain that ever walked on four legs.' 44 4It wants breaking in, that's all,' I says, " 'breaking in !' says Rasham, grinning, 4 take my word for it, it hasn't got a un- bruised rib m ita whclu body; but it is all no use, it has got a temper liko a demon. No body but two young butchers who go donkey riditig on the Heath on Sunday afternoons can tucklo it, nud it is almost xs bad in tho Bhaft3. 1 will willingly Jose ten shillings by it,' says lUshani, 4 if you like to buy it back again.' 44 4 It was a tempting offer. t had never tried it, but I iiad heard it spoken of oa a singular freak in uonkcy uaturo thnt some times when no amount of whacking would induce them to buhavc as they should, treating them with nothing but kindness would uo it, and having a littlo money to spare at the time, I bought tho animal, ns much ns anything for tiro sake of trying the experiment. 44 Rut I might as writ havo experimented on a wild ass of tho desert, Kindness was thrown away on it. It was awfully thin when it came from R.tsham, and I fattened it up with oats nnd carrots and nil manner of uiihcard-uf luxuries, tout it wns all no use. It was all right while in tho stable, but try to put harness on it, and then look out i It was waste of good-nature to stroke its enra, and call it pretty names then. It would run at mc, showing its teeth, and rear on its hind leg. nnd fight me with its front ones like a man. It didn't mean to work, and it wouldn't. 44 When it camo to that it naturally set my back up. I might have sold it again, ami got my money back, bat on principle 1 didn't. No man of any spirit likes to bu conquered by n lower animal tlmn ho ia himself, specially by a donkey. Sol stopped the oats nud tiro carrots, aod bought a now ash stick. 44 But that didn't daunt it. It seemed to understand nnd to accept tlio chnllcngc, with tho dctcrminatioa to fight it out to thu last, nnd that put mo on my mcttlo But it wasn't the right sort, Bill. It was base metal, 44 1 1 nccmcd to have caught tiro devil's temper, and when it catno to trying which should ho master — thrco or four times a day that would happen occasionally,— I used to let fiy at it in n shntiiofnl way. I own it, Bill,' and the tears rolled down the old chnp's cheeks ns lie said it What I tun saying to you now, my son, ho says, 4 must bo looked on in tho light of a last dying speech and confession, and Iowit,with grief and sorrow, that I certainly did let fiy in a way that is awful to think ol. Not only thnt, Rill, nnd I'm not Hiiro that wasn't tlio worst of it,— I iiEcd (a keep it half starved Chaff was all it got to cat— chair aud tiro stale leaves of any kiml of wcdgctablcfl 1 was selling at the time, till you might almost liavo stood it on end, and gone up its ribs liko climbing a ladder. "40ne day— it had been in a rather better lumper riinn was usual— I thought I night venture to take your mother a hit of ailrivo on tho now harrow with Dovilskln — tlmt was the nainu wo used to call liiin— tu thoshafts. Of courso it did nob occur to mo at tho limo— how could it, when tlio secret had not been revealed to me ?— but it may havo bucu tlmt its feelings were too much for it. As I havo already told you. Bill,' says my father, 4 your mother, when a slnglo young woman, was about pretty equally partial to ma and my brother Dan, and it may havo boon tlmt knowing tho wns sitting in tbo barrow, witnessing tho whnck- bigs and hearing the names it was being called, made it cart of delirious. Anyway, wo was going up a hill nnd 1 had given Duvilskin a rib-roastor hy way of encourage- ment, when he utters what waeu'ta hrav, Imt inure in tiro nature of au unearthly yell, and rearing up, turned a sort of back- summersault, mid thoro wo lay all of a heap, your mother and mo, and tho barrow, nnd Dcvilskin I 44 4 1 reckon I felt just about as mad ns your unclo Dan did that timo when our old donkey upset tho load of coko on him, ami I acted according, and whilo I hud it hy tho bridle, and wau trying to haul it up on to hto feet, it turned Us eyes full on mo in a way tlmt hnd such au effect on mu tlmt I Ktaggered back crvtug out hto name— not Dcviliikiii's namo ; but your uncle Dan's! 44 4 Thoy wore hto eyes that looked at mo, for all that thoy wcro in Dcvitokin's head. I felt sure and certain of it, and it would havo not have surprised me if ho hnd spoko in your undo Dan's volco as well, and upbrahlod ine for using liitn so cniolly. 1 frit struck all of a neap and bewildered liko, and it was lucky thut your mother, who was oittiug on a bank brushing herself down, nnd Btratgiiioning tier bonnet, was too much encaged to oh. sovo it. In a moment 1 thought of tlio old wamuu iu tho grey cloak, and tho ducm sho forotuid for poor Dan. 44 4 You shall tako his form, nnd bo ns hardly treated as you havo trcntcd him.' " 4 J)an 1 ' I whispered In his car, 4 poor Dan, I never dreamt it was yon, lad, or I couldn't havo dono it, Why didn't you re- " 4 To which lie mado no other reply but winking In tho way that was ho peculiar to hitn whon in two-logged Uio, nud which con vinced uro moro than cvor that thu old witch's prophecy had como true. Well, Rill, I said not ono word to your mother, hut after that, as I need not lull you, ntv trcatmcut of tho poor animal changed cmiroly. I couldn't make enough of it, I'd havo givo it a ilock hotl to sleep ou and hnd it in tho parlor to dinr.or on Huuduys, but 1 daren't go that length. Tiio revelation had boon mado only to mo, and if I mado too great ahIiow of kindness for it, I laid inysoif opca to ho regarded as a lunatic. Besides, wo uevor got what might ho allied cjiifiilvntinl. llo uevcr gavo ino tlmt look iu full again. " 4 Ho lot mo sco it twinkling in his eyes, sainctimos, just a little, when 1 craokod a jnko with him, but tlmt was nil. I used to try ami draw him out In private. I would go long quiet walks with film m tho country, and talk to him, with my arm round his neck, but it was only tho spcrrit in him, not tho naluro that was brother Dan's, nud ho would turn away whilo I was saying tho most affectionate things to him, and give his mind to munching tho wayside grass. 44 4 Of courso 1 was thankful that I had mado tho discovery, bocnuso if things had Sono on as they were going, I bavo no oubt thnt 1 should eventually lutvo had Ids murder to answer fur. But it mado it bail for me in other ways. It gavo mo a minor- shlo fooling, especially in tno winter timo, and when thu nights woro perishing cold to lie awako under tlio blankctH thinking of my brother iu tho stablo. 1 was uovcr free from worryiug abgut it In one way or another, out tbe thought that most haunted me was, — aunpeso I should como down iu tbo world, and Lccornu no poor tlint 1 couldn't afford to buy poor Dan proper food to eat. Or, worse still, suppose I was to die. I daren't lot oat tho secret, aud, if I bad, them standing round my bed would havo thought 1 was light-headed, ami taken no notico of what I said. When I was gono, somebody— most likely a stranger— would havo got huld of your uncle Dan, nnd laruppod Idm for his wlclooa ways, just no I used to do. 44 'But lam glad to tell you, BUI,' says, py father, after a pauaa, and with a shorten- ing of his breath, 1 1 am clad to tell yon that tho winding up, though painful, woa better than might have been. What with feeding him up, in a manner of spcAking, like an Alderman, and giving him hardly any work to do, in less than eighteen months he was taken bad, ami tho norsc- doctor I called in said ho was fst at heart, and conldn t last a week. Ami ho didn't. That being on a .Saturday night, ho died tho following Tuesday. I was with him till the last, Bill. Ue cavu a gasp, and I thought it was nearly all over with him. So I whispered in hto car, 4D.vu, old lad, to all square atwecn ns? ' Aud he port of smiled hy twitching up one corner of hto mouth, ami winking ino uco of hto pccooliar winks, lie expired. 44 4 Ami now you know all about It, Bill, my boy,' rays my father, growing weaker every minute, 4 nnd what do you think of it? Do you think llio doom that fell on your uncic Daniel may be handed down to mu ?' " I told turn that I didn't regard it us at all likely, since they made it up, and parted friendly. 44 4 But,' says my father, catching hold of my hand, 4 you will keep a sharp look out, won't you, 5iill ? You will lmvu a look into their eyej when I'm gone, whenever you meet with ono J" 44 And I promised I would, and then tho old chap lay baric in bed ami went off quiet ao n Iamb. 41 And I havo kept a sharp look-out," continued the littlo shoemaker, "not 'only on the streets, but in markets ami fairs in well. But I never yet rout with a donkey that had eyes anything Uko my father's, so 1 suppose it was all right." No doubt had thcro been timo for it, there would havo been somo discussion on tho subject, which 1 should liko much to have listened to. but tho landlord of the 44 Bin and Winkle" drew attention to thu fact thut it wanted but thrco miuuics to closing time, nnd I came away with thu rest of the company. (The End.) Tho next Strnagc Story. A BABY GHOST, will bo published on Saturday. 