WON WITH A BULLET. Br N. I. X. I went to bed early, and i must nave ■ slept several hours, when I was awoke , Oy a tapping at the gumslabs compos- j lug the wall of the hut, olose to my ] bead. Then somebody said "Mars Jem, are ye wakin'; don't speak loud.' "Yes, I'm awake, who is it! ! " It's me, Mars Jem—old Sam, I have j an old hand employed at our place ] who said that the mare Rags was a "bred un." j This was be. " Hurry on yer duds Mars Jem. j and get through thewmder." "Right, Sam," 1 wassoo^ressed, and getting through the j opening dignified with the name of window, which no one appeared to think it necessary to have secured, I joined old Sam. I've got Old Rags here, Mars Jem, and the colt, come along down by the scrub " "How did you manage to bring theoolt, Sam!" I asked. Sam chuckled, and said, "■'Easy 'nuff, Mara Jem. The boss has went off first thing this morning to put the pleeoe on your tracks, and Holder he started with the (a* UaSflBWi) laftTnn' fPhn VnlinAli lit Klfl horses for Maitland, leavin' The Pauper in his bos, so I waited till evenin', and then I went UUfty bis x nairau klu cvpiiiu • nuu vuyu *■ nwu» and told MissuB I thought I knowed where you were, and I was goin' to take the old mare and the oolt to fetoh you; and, yer hear, she ups and sea, Sam, she ses, you bringMara Jem 'ome safe and sound, and 111 perwide for yer »nd yer ole woman for life, she ses," " Yes, but the colt, Sam; how did you get him along!" '"Easy as fall in1 off a log. Took the old snare to the door of his box and opened it. Out he comes like smoke, and followed his motheriike a lamb, I knowed he would; and 'ere he is, Mais Jem, as 'ungry as a shark, for he's had the muzzle on ever sence you strapped it theer. The colt whinned as soon as I spoke to him, and allowed me tocatch him. Now Mars Jem, 'ere's a extry bridle I brought, jee' put the saddle off the mare on 'im, and I'll ride Rags with his body cloth on her till we get to a place I knows on. It'll be ■daylight in a couple of hours, and we must River a bit o' ground before then, but we'll apare the Pauper all we can. I've got a feed ■of oats 'ere for 'im, and we'll give 'im iewrter of a hom derectly to eat 'em. You're a goin' to win the Cup yet, Mars Jem." We jogged along quietly for about an hour and got over some seven miles I suppose; when we came to a big lagoon. "'Ere we are. Mars Jem. Jes' wash 'is mouth out, and then give him a bit of a feed." The colt was rarely hungry, and soon polished off his oats. We then remounted and continued our journey. " Where are we, Sam," I asked. " Well, we ain t so fur as we mought be from Maitland; and we'll soon be at the place I knows on, wheer you can groom the colt and 'give him a rest." " How did you know where I was, Sam ?" "I knows a lot, Mars Jem; I knows when to speak and when to 'old my tongue." The day was }ust breaking when we arrived at the place Sam " knowed on," which > turned out to be a small bush pubhcrhouse,' in • the landlady of which, who was evidently ex pecting Us, I recognised one of my mothers old ■assigned servants, The colt madeoomfortable, ■with another spare feed of oats, a rub down, and his clothing on (for of course he came to me just as I left him), I was made to refresh myself with some coffee and poached eggs in a. quiet little room,, and then ! lay down to rest all the time when Sam was to call me. It was about 9 o'clock when be awoke me. ' '"Now, Mars Jem," said he, "we don't want nobody to know our little game jest yet, we ■don't; and, first of all, we're goin' to 'ave breakfast—leastways you are, and then well foller the rest on em to the races. Your par knows as you're all right by this time, and e'll be on the couise a lappin-up the long odds on .the quiet." It was eleven o'clock before we made a start, ■and then we took our time on the road. The ■Cup was fixed for half-past two, and we reached the ground just as the saddling bell rang. _ j The " old bands" in those days had a means of communication with one another somewhat on the underground railway principle of the -old Slave States of America, and my father { bad been quickly mode aware of my move- | ments in some mysterious manner which would not compromise old Sam and his accomplices 'with their former associates. I Everything, therefore, was ready for me on the course. I quickly donned my racing cos tume, and, to the Consternation of BillNor gate and his fellow conspirators, I weighed .out, and took my preliminary canter. The treatment my colt nod suffered did .not improve my chance of winning, but like his disreputable-looking old dam, ne was, as Sam said, true grit, and in the last quarter of a mile we managed to get on terms with Bidgery, mid outlasting him, juBt won on the post. And that was the beginning of the time -when my birthday present was better known as " Beckenham than as The Pauper. His old mother received decent burial with every <equine rite, and an epitaph proclaiming that "Here lies Old Rags, the dam of Beckenham." Ae for him, I would not sell him for the value of the Koh-i-noor. That is the story of this lost child, Miss Annie, grown to be a prop for Cir,papa's feeble wit, and now I tninl t thing for him to do iB to tell his story. Oh, but I've got to see after tbe Bangareo, you know," said Hargreaves. " How about "iing loo,"asked Black. "That, of course, won't do, Hargreaves, wire in." " Well, if I must, here goes, and I shall just make your flesh curreep, for I am going to relate the only true ghost story that ever ■was. The incident happened at Wooloomooloo some years ago at the house of a wealthy merchant whom you all know very well, and is bo thoroughly authenticated that there can be no doubt whatever as to the facts. Whatever might have been the domestic relations of Mr. Brown, we will call him, and bis wife during the later days of her life it is certain that for many years a happier couple never trod this vale of tears together. For some time prior to her death, however, it was whispered that the relations between them were somewhat strained. Servants will talk, and little matters of no great moment in themselves pointed to the supposition that something had happened to seriously offend her. Certain it is that from the time that estrangement was first noticed. Mis. Brown began to droop, and notwitbstand-, ing the assiduous attention and loving care of her husband, she gradually faded away and merged from life to death, rather than died. Poor Brown, who was really devotedly attached to his wife, was greatly cast down by her death. This love was, without doubt, truly re tamed, and to tbe very last it spoke in her actions and words, when she was not carried away by a morbid suspicion of her husband, which she no doubt rightly or wrongly entertained. The Browns, amongst their many acts of philanthropy, had adopted two orphan nieces, to complete whose education a governess was engaged. This lady, a Miss Champney, was not by any means in her first youth, neverthe less she was not only still very handsome, but Vt"»y fascinating, a much mora dangerous or attract!vequality, as you may please to look at it. She was treated quite as one of the family,' and was never allowed to consider herself a dependant. The girls loved her .dearly, mid both Mr. and Mrs. Brown liked her exceed ingly, the latter plainly showing how much she respected and admired her, by her con Btantendeavours tomakeher lot a pleasant one. Now, whether or not Mrs. Brown ever saw or heard anything to lead her to believe that her husband admired Miss Champney,. it is certain that the strained relations between husband and wife commenced when that lady had.been an inmate of the house about six months. There was certainly nothing to show that either Brown or Miss Champney were more attached to one another than their relative positions justified. From this [time Miss Champney began to complain of sleeplessness and an unaocount able uneasiness when alone. Mrs. Brown re doubled her attentions to her, and did all in her power to restore the health of her gover ness. The old lady herself had begun to show symptoms of breaking health, ana the doctor who was attendingherwas enjoined to prescribe for Miss Champney. He held along conver sation with that lady, but failed to grasp the true nature of her complaint. For the inso mania, of course, he could prescribe, but the other symptoms puzzled him in an otherwise strong, sensible woman of splendid physique and dear intellect. What she complained of was that when alone, no matter where she was, day or night, she appeared not to be alone.- She felt conscious that some i one or. something was constantly watching her. This presenoe, notwithstanding all the! nostrums of the dootor, and a physician he begged to study the case, became by degrees so horribly irritating to the poor woman that she became really HI, and complete change of air and scene were recommended. The Browns, j as usual, were exceedingly kind, and arrange ments were made for Miss Champney and her two pupils to stay for a time in Tasmania. They were absent from home about three months, and the health of the governess was completely restored when she returned. When she appeared on the following morn ing at breakfast it was patent to the family i that she was not herself, and, indeed, sheoon fessed that she had passed a sleepless night, j To the dootor, who was still attending Mrs. Brown, she-admitted that the same horrible presence had watched at her bedside the whole night. The dootor who had been induoed to think that the whole thing had been the effect of disordered stomach and nerves, was now more puzzled than ever. He questioned his patient closely, failing, however, to discover anything to acoount for this strange feeling. There was nothing, abso lutely nothing wbich she could think of to account for it. There it was, and if it con tinued she must either go mad or die. As an experiment the dootor recom mended another short absenoe. This time Miss Champney went to visit some relations at Goulburn, and imme diately she was quit of her annoyance. In about a fortnight she returned borne, and again the presence made itself felt. Under these circumstances Miss Champney saw no other course open to her than the resignation of her position, and departure from a house in which Bhe found it impossible to re main and preserve ber reason. It was with genuine regret that the Brown's parted with her, and Mrs. Brown was excep- - tionally grieved that her favourite should be obliged to leave. However, there was no help for it, Miss Champney went, and another governesB was engaged, who, fortunately was not subjected to the mysterious espoinage which had driven her predecessor away. < Mrs. Brown was fading rapidly now, and in few months she died, but the night before ber death she said to her husband—" Tom, we have been bappy together until lately, and I feel now that it has been my fault that wa have not remained so to the last. Tom, I am going to die to-morrow, and soon I shall be buried and out of sight. I know the memory of^me will be with you always, dear Tom, and I feel that although my body will be decaying - in the churchyard, I shall be with you till your death. No one must ever oeeupy my j place here, Tom, no one ever shall. JBrown, of course, soothed ber as well as he j was able, but at the time paid but little heed to her words. In the morning she passed peacefully away. Time wore on, ana Mr. Brown renewed his acquaintance with Miss : Champney, who, after a brief absence in Europe, had returned to Sydney. The mutual esteem which they had felt ripened into a warmer feeliug, and when Mrs, Brown had been dead about eighteen months, they were married. The ceremony was conducted in the Presbyterian form, both belonging to that church, and toolc place in the drawing-room at Brown s house at Wooloomooloo. Now I am going to mention an occurrence which you will of course say was a mere acci dent which might have happened anywhere, < but nevertheless it made a very unoomfortable impression upon everybody present at the marriage. Just as the clergyman pronounced the blessing, the heavy gilt cornice which ex tended along one side of the room over the windows came down with a crash, bringing down with it the curtains, and smashing in its fall some chairs and small tables. By the superstitious this was looked upon as a bad omen, and the women present blenched with an undefined fear. The wedding breakfast, however, soon restored their cheerfulness, and the happy pair, departed for their honeymoon amidst smiles, and with the orthodox shower of old boots and rice. They were away in New Zealand for several weeks, and returned home on Christinas Eve. Mrs. Brown's former pupils, now quite grown to be women, had arranged a little party for the evening to welcome them, and a very merry, happy gathering it was. Before the guests'departure Christmas Morn had come, and was duly greeted. Brown had never slept in the room which had been occupied by him and his former wife since her deatn ; but now it had been prepared for the newly wedded couple. The two nieces insisted upon acting as Mrs. Brown's maids upon this occasion, and. having helped her to disrobe, left her with many kisses and wishes for a men? Christmas at about 1 o'clock. Brewn, who had been smoking a cigar before retiring, aooording to custom, entered theroom about naif an hour later, and, addressing his wife, said, "Asleep yet, Esther?" and, re ceiving no answer, concluded that it was so. A moment after he heard a heavy sigh. "Dream ing, poor girl," he thought, and lounged to the bed to look at her—only to start back, however, horror struok. His wife was dead; with a fixed expression of terror upon ber countenance, and ber handB tightly clutching the bedclothes. Ere he oonld collect himself to act another deep sigh was uttered, or rather heard by him, appa rently issuing from the bed. Quickly recovering himself Brown roused the house, and sent for a doctor. Mrs. Brown was past the help of doctors, and her old attendant pronounced ber dead, and certified the cause of death to be heart disease. By the light of his former knowledge of the dead woman's dreadful experience of the pretence which was so terrible to her he believed in his own mind, however, that she died of fright^ pure and simple. From that day to this no one has ever been able to sleep in that bedroom. Several people have tried it, but deep ' was impossible, although there was no apparent cause for their I sleeplessness, whilst Brown has said that he j never passes the door without hearing a sigh. "There it is my friends" said Hargreaves, ; *' that's my story, and I leave yon to make up ! your minds as to what the thing was, or whose the presence that worried MissChampney, and killed theseoond Mrs. Brown." 1 1' I suppose youll swear to that Hargreaves," j said the doctor. "Yes, its quite true, ask the missus" was the reply. "Yes, Dr. Crawford, it really is true, and , very sorry we all were for Bather Champney, i who was an awfully nioe woman; and as for the bedroom, 1 can vouch for this, that it was , assigned to Arthur and me upon one occasion long before we had heard the story he has told you, and not a wink of sleep did we get the whole night, and, what is stranger still, the ] baby—-Frank there—got no sleep either." "Perhaps," ventured Dr. Crawford, "the baby had something to do with the sleepless ness." •'Now, that's a shame, doctor," said Mrs. Hargreaves ; " it was nothing of that kind which kept us awake, but an indefinable feel ing that there was somebody else in the room; indeed, Arthur rummaged the wardrobe and drawers, beside a cupboard, but found nothing." "It wasn't drink, was it?" said Mr. Black. " Come, I say Black, you don't mean to say that me and my missus had been drinking, do you?" observed Hargraves. Do be quiet, Arthur," said his wife. " Now, Mr, Haturess, let us hear from you." "I must beg yon will recollect," said X, "that lam comparatively a new chum, and that asking for' a colonial yarn from me is ; rather piling on the handicap, especially as it : must be connected with Christmas, and my forte is not story-telling." "Piano at that," fromMr. Hargreaves. "Well, then, relating stories." " That's better," from a smiling chorus. " What I am about to endeavour to tell you happened during my stay at the Mount Ararat Diggings. There was a very large population on the field at the time, estimated at a hundred ! thousand, and a considerable amount of allu vial sinking had been done, and innumerable shafts had been sunk indiscriminately; so much so that after dark, unless passengers kept on (the main tho roughfares, they were more likely than not to drop down one of these abandoned holes, which might or might not be deep enough to kill the unfortunate wanderer ; and many a poor miner went under in more senses than one, and met his, death by such an accident, whilst the ease with which the bodies of the murdered victims of the criminal element, very largely represented, I was told, could be dis posed of in these holes, and the improbability of their discovery led, it is to be feared, to an immense amount of crime during the preva lence of the " rush," when so many men were mere birds of passage, whose disappearance would cause no surprise, nor lead to awkward enquiries. There were plenty of fellows of good family and first-rate attainments to be met with in moleskins and Crimeans, and I had no difficulty in finding congenial company of an evening, when I was at liberty to enjoy myself. One of my favourite places of resort was the homely quarters of Charlie Ferrers, the Manager of the Eastern Bank Corporation, ' who with his subordinate Fred Stanmore, lived on the banking premises. Hers a chosen fow were in the habit of meeting very frequently for a rubber, or a game at vingt-et-un or loo, and I am afraid I must confess that the seances were not carried out on strictly tee total principles. Not that I would have you j to believe we exceeded the bounds of temperance to any very great extent, but the tables we attended would certainly not have given us medals, and probably the Board of Directors of the Bank would not have wholly i approved of the free and easy style of these social gatherings on Bank premises, nor the careless way in which the primitive budding was Iqft with doors and windows open in hot weather for the best part of many a sweltering night. ' Well, one night last year, in fact on the Friday evening before Christmas, which fell, as j you are aware, on a Wednesday, I went to the theatre, where the proprietorproducedwhathe was pleased to call the legitimate dravmer i under difficulties and calico. Somehow I was ] a bit oS colour, and neither the brilliant wit of my companions at the expense of the play, nor the aspirateless enunciation of Claude Melnotte, when tolling his beloved Pauline all about his pallis on the Ijake of Comio, as he called (it, interested me, and I started for my ' tent in the neighbourhood of the gold claim < the Canton Lead in which I was interested. Lighting my pipe I sauntered along until I came to one of the numerous calico billiard rooms pervading the place, where I sometimes ] used a cue. Hearing voices I knew, I turned in here and played a few games of "general pool," and it was past 11 o'clock when I left j the saloon. Then, instead of keeping the main tracks, which would have brought me close to 1 my home, I must needs start through the allu vial sinkings to make a short cut. Of course, like all people who try to make short cuts through the bush, I thought I { knew all about it, and should be home in*no time, but, like nine-tenths of these clever people, it appeared that Z was mistaken, for I didn t reach home at all that night. In fact, after proceeding a couple of hundred j yards or so, I sank into a deserted shaft, I say J 1 sank, because the hole had been cunningly covered with light boughs concealed by a layer of earth. But, although I was held for a moment by the twigs, which I, of course, seized in my endeavour to save myself, they ' speedily gave way, and I dropped to the bottom, which was about twenty feet from the surface; and when I attempted to rise I found that I had sprained one of my ankles badly. This, together with the crumbling nature of the sides of the shaft, quite precluded the possi bility of my reaching the surface by means of the usual method of cutting notches in the walls, and making a species of primitive ladder. There was no resource therefore left but to await patiently until morning, as my cooeys were about as much use to attract attention as a whisper at a boilermaker's. My situation was anything but an enjoyable one as the bottom of the hole was moist and sticky, and any elaborate change of posture was impossible. My ankle became more painful as the night wore on, and the hours dragged very slowly, although the summer night was but short. At length my watch told me that daybreak web near, for by good luck I had a full box of wax vestas with me and also a good supply of Barrett's twist. But, if daylight was welcome, it did not im prove my prospect of deliverance very much, for although I listened eagerly for footsteps, not a sound fell on my ears to indicate the approach of passengers. So the day passed and night again set in. My ankle was by this time very muoh swollen, and gave me great torture. I suppose I slept a part of Saturday night, for daylight came sooner than I had hoped on Sunday morning, and very little chance of people passing. I found on examination that there was an old drive at one end of the shaft which had partially oollapsed. but why I took an interest in this fact it would he hard to say. Sunday passed dreamily away, and again darkness overshadowed my prison. Monday and no help. Tuesday won away, and Wednesday dawned — Ohnstmai Eve. I had by this - time quite given myself up as a gone coon, ana I was, I think, from time to time unoonscioua. Towards evening Z heard the welcome sound of footsteps approaching, and—oh, ray—ther stopped at the very mouth of the shaft. 1 tried to call out, but to my horror no sound resulted. This was enough to drive a fellow mad, and great drops of perspiration stood on my forehead. There were two human beings within afew feet of me, and yet I appeared to he powerless to let them know my need for help. What caused the temporary inability to speak Z have always been at a loss to dis cover unless it was the parched state of my mouth. (Tobeeonebtded.) 