; A GHASTLY STORY. TERRIBLE AND TRUE. < Shaking Hands With Death. Tiie story which is about to be related is, in its main features; based upon absolute fact, and faithfully depicts a terrible experience whichtho writajoncer went through. aitcu .jr JCUIB u£U .V11C11 11UU Ui l/LUOU U1 LI1U unwelcome grey could have been discovered in my hair, I being then 24 years of age, a cousin of mine born in the same year loft London for America. As this sketch is mainly in connection with this relative of mind it becomes necessary for mo to describe him rather minutely. According to the . gossip of the young ladies — and who - is courageous enough to gainsay their competency to judge in such matters — Harry Turnbull, for that was his name, was a handsome young fellow. In Richmond, where he lived with his parents, and where disomy ancestral parents' halls were, he out a dashing figure. At all manly pastimes he was an adopt, and in society and the ball room he was a great favorite, especially with the fair sex. . But Harry had one very objectionable trait in his character, a fatal one, he was a most cruel man. He evidenced it everywhere; In the football field ho was unduly rough, and many a less doughty player had his good opinion of the noble game , discounted by falling a victim to my cousiu's truculence. Instead of playing the game like a rational being ho allowed his fierce nature to run riot, and while he was engaged at the game he acted for all the world like a mad bull, rushing about furiously and disregarding the rules, sonie- times in a flagrant manner. This naturally brought him now and again in conflict with the umpire, and my amiable cousin on such occasions employed anything but drawing- room language. Writing of a near relative in this strain may appear strange, but all I can say is I am a truthful man, and though I was constantly in his society, and esteemed him much, I could not blind my eyes to this particularly obtrusivo fault of his. At home he carried on in a characteristic fashion, Tho Society for tho prevention of Cruelty to Animals, had it flourished in those days, would have had many an oppor tunity of hauling him before tho tribunal of justice on their favorite charge. If a dog in the street happened to get in his way Harry Turn.bull would not think twice about planting the toe of his boot on the handiest portion of its anatomy. Any re monstrances with him were in voin, as I was often made aware of. Whon out horse- riding, should the horse happen to rouse his ire, and it did not take much to rufHc his equanimity, Harry would flog it unmerci fully, to the horror of casual spectators. He loved to tease' dogs, and nothing delighted him more than to make his sisters afraid by carrying a screaming cat- to them suspended from his hand . by its caudal appendage. But I have said enough to show that my cousin, for whom, bo it remembered, i entertained the warmest affection, and was his constant companion, was capable of committing atrocious things when his barbario brain was excited. Harry was anything but a business man. The dull routine of office-work palled on hint, and he was continually changing from one occupation to another. His was a roving disposition, and when ho was offered a splendid position as commercial traveller to a wealthy firm in tho United Statos, which meant exciting jonrneyB through magnificent territory, it can well be imagined how he jumped at the offer. But what appeared to him such a fine opening in life- sad to relate — brought about his downfall, his liftf tomnon Iminrv flta /innoa r\F it- TLn actions of my cousin in America were, until two or three years aftor his departure from his native land, unknown to me. As 1 learnt after the tragic affair was all over, Harry Turnbull, soon after he started in his new business role, fell into evil ways. At one small township where ho was soarohing , for orders the demand for his line of goods was stagnant. A week or so previous there had been a most inexplicable falling off in the number of orders, and Harry bogan to lose his temper. He still lived at a great pace, and although his income was a very com fortable one hiB expenditure far exceeded it. Horse- racing, good-followship, cards and billiards assisted to deploto Harry's ex chequer, and soon he bogan to get money illegitimately, namely, by sondinginfictitious orders and receiving the commissions in stantly. This dishonesty was soon discovered, and two detectives were told off to arrest him. They came across him in ono of tho liotels where ho was putting up, and quietly explained their mission, chuckling secretly at the easy manner in which they had per. formed their alloted task. But tho devil was stirred up. within my cousin when h0 heard what they had to say, and just when they were complimenting themselves on what they thought a neat capture ho shot out his brawny fist and sent the nearest de tective down in a heap with a stunning blow, 'and before the fallen man's com panion could use the revolver ho had drawn Harry rushed towards him and bumped him violently awayfrom tho door, through which he dashed liko a deer. Ono of his would-be capturers was too dazed from tho effects of the blow he had been the recipient of to be capable of giving chaso, and his mate fol lowed in pursuit single-handed, aiming several shots at tlio swindler, wlg, how ever, still wont farther and farther away from his pursuer out into less populous country. All this occurred about C o'clock, and when the dusky mantlo was thrown over tho one half of this mundane sphere in which that neighborhood was located Harry was enabled to make good his escape. Every effort was made for a month by tho sccrot police force to trace him, but without avail. Harry made his way into a largo Eastern town, and, having changed his name to James Francis, persevered, or'attempted to, in an honest manner to earn his living. But unfortunately ho soon struck a rock and foundered, Let me remark here that although Harry Turnbull (now .Tumes Francis) was a most handsome man, and was run after by the ladies, he very seldom lost his heart, even temporarily. But ho met his match in the -town where ho now resided, and no man's passion for a woman could equal his for Grace Huxley, Harry, who I may say had grown a beautiful black beard to hide his identity somewhat in cortain quarters, fell madly in love .with Miss Huxley the first time he saw her. Ho courted her, too, but there was another Richmond in tho fiold, a perfect Adonis. He ha'd arrived in the town not long before Harry, and Graco Huxley, when she wa3 introduced to him, felt a strange fluttering iu tier dear little nearr, wnicn instinctively toiu ner mat there was the man who was to make or mar her happiness, Andrew Hilton succumbed to her charms straightaway, and before many days had elapsed, such being the state of their nffeotioris, tho two were ardent lovers. Whon Harry Turnbull, alias James Francis, appeared on the scene, saw her and, what was the natural corollary, fell madly in love with her, Andrew Hilton began to feel jealous. It was not long before tho two men wero deadly enemies. Each recognised that tho other possessed those manly accomplish ments that wero tho only passports to the affection of tho lady thoy were both aiming at. But although Grace Huxley admitted to horsclf that Mr. James Fraucis was a man worthy of any girl's tender solicitations she loved the more esthetic Hilton. Harry sawthis, but, blindly, would not recognise it. Never had ho met a woman -who made his heart beat so anxiously, and he felt with all tho energy of his strong and impulsive nature that to lose her would be to lose all that was worth living for. Matters reached a climax one terrible aftornoon. Graco Huxley's parents had given a picnic, to which the , two lovers, along with many others, had been invited. A couple oi drags took the picnickers about 12 miles out into a rustic spot through which a deep river ran. Every man in tho company danced attendance on Graco I-Iuxloy, Harry Tufnbulland Andrew Hilton especially. Whose attentions wero the most acceptable it was easy to see, and tho mid day spread on the grass being finished the two lovers sauntered together away towards some adjacent mountains which lined the side of the river. Before Hilton had pro ceeded a hundred yards he was recalled by his sister to perform some little duty she had fur him, and he watched his rival with fiery eyes take his place by the side of Grace, and disappsar through the trees. Hilton fever- ishly hurried over what his sister wanted him to do, and a quarter of an-hour later dashed off after his sweetheart. But in the meanwhile what had transpired ? On a rocky 'edge overlooking the placid bluerivor Harry and the maiden he felt ho could die for stopped, and Harry mado a declaration of his fierce love. But Grace would not give him the answer he wantod to hear so badly, and Harry acted in a frantic manner. Never in his life had he been so moved. Intense love and grief were depicted on his good-looking face, and when ho was earnestly pleading his suit Hilton arrived and with a lover's eyo saw what was going on. He strode up to the pair and confronted Harry with flashing eyes. The latter glared at him with a countenance which no longer pourtrayed love and grief, but on which a tigerish expression of hate had settled. "Do you love him or me?'' ho asked hoarsely, turning his faco to Grace, and at the awful expression of it sho shrank towards Andrew Hilton and rested her beautiful head on his shoulder. Hilton pas sionately imprinted a kiss on her cheek. What more conclusive answer could there be to Turnbull's question ? At the thought of so decisive a defeat the man who had never caved in to anybody since he was a child was overwhelmed. But only for an instant. His fierce nature asserted itself ; his hate for his successful rival increased tenfold, and his love for fair Miss Huxloy was transmogrified to bitter ness tho depth of which can hardly be con ceived. Tho lover's caress being over, Hilton con fronted the maddened Englishman, and the letter's heated fancy showed him an exag gerated expression of triumph on tho patrician-like face before him. Under the circumstances Hilton would not have been human had he not displayed some slight trace in his countenance of the glorious victory he had obtained. But all the brutal proclivities within Turnbull were in active eruption. A flood of vituporation was poured out upon Hilton, and the latter, brave man though ho was, trembled, not only at tho terrible words that fell on his ears, but at tho murderous glitter in his defeated rival's eye. Hilton replied angrily, nnd before tbe half-distracted cause of all tho trouble could interfere tho two men, by mutual attraction, closed in a terrible struggle. A minute's furious wrestle and Hilton folt that ho was in the clutches of a Samson ; and so ho was. Uttering horrible imprecations Turnbull lifted his antagonist off his feet as if ho wore holding u child, and the next moment ran with him liko a fiend to the brink of tho precipice near, by and before tho horror-stricken girl could rcaliso the awful deed, he hurled Hilton over- Down, down he foil, and his body splashed with a loud sound in tho river bolow. Tho murderer turned round and mot the blanched face of Grace, who cried out, " Oh, you murderer 1 you have killed my Andrew." Instead of this bringing Turnbull to his normal frame of mind it added fuel to the fiercely raging furnaco of malice that burned 'n his brain. The contempt for him, and 'he lovo for his murdered rival, that wero implied in tho solitary sentcnco uttered, scaled tho fate of Graco Huxley, tho pride of the. district. It makes my blood cold to write it, but what Turnbull did next in his maniacal fury was to seize tho frail figure of the girl, and, whirling her round his head, fling her, with a horrible curse, over tho precipice, to join her slain lover. Only when the double murder was dono did Turnbull awako again to reason. HiB first thought was escape, but he was too late. This unparallelod crime was not to go unpunished. Othore of the picnickers had come that way just in time to see the com mission of tho last horrible deed. Turnbull fled in the opposite direction, and chaso was given. The alarm was raised, and Turnbull ran .right into tho arms of a gang of wood men, who wero engaged near by, and they hearing the shouts barred bis progress, and, after a foarful struggle, captured him. The two corpses were found in the river, and the murderer escortod to gaol in the town amidst great excitement. Tho news spread liko a prairie fire, and created a profound1 sensation, not only in America, but in England. The citizens of thu town to which the murdered girl belonged were for hanging tho culprit themselves, and it was only by the exercise of great caution that tho intended lynching was prevented. As I have stated, tho news of the dual crimo excited a great stir in both countries. I myself read tho account of it with bated breath, but had no idea who James Francis renlly was. Turnbull sat mooduy in nts prison and said uot a word to anyone, his spiritual attendant uuk exceptea. so taat nis proper name aiiu history never transpired, James Francis beimr the execrated name of the murderer that met his death' on tho scaffold in the orthodox manner, per the medium of the rope. '' , But the most tragic portion or the tale remains yet to be told, that is to say, so far as I personally am concerned. It so hap pened that at tho exact time of the foul murders the enterprising proprietor of a waxworks was showing, in the town near which thoy took place. To procure a fac simile in wax of tho murderer was tho first thought of tho busiuess-liko moulder iu wax when ho knew of the crime. Ho was a genius at his calling, and by skilful manceuvriug ho was permittod to daily take the murderet his meals. He studied every lineament of my cousin's face, and obtained a wax representation that was an artistic triumph. It was the most valuable figure in his show, and proved a great draw of itself. That waxworks show camo to London. All this time, be it remembered, I knew of the murder which had caused such a deal of talk and excitoment, but had not tho remotest idea who James Francis actually was. I had ceased to receive letters from my cousin soon after his arrival in Yankee-land. One day, which I shall never forget as long as I live, I was stroll ing through the waxworks in question, and was gazing at some figures opposite tho wax model of James Francis, the noted and most cruel murderer. I had not seen it as yet, and had my back to it. My christian name is Alfred, and while I was so engaged I heard a voico behind me exclaim, "Hullo, Alf l' The voice appeared familiar, and turning round I behold the well-known features o' my cousin, who, I thought, was in America. ' " What brings you here, Harry ?" I called out, joyfully, as I held out my hand to grip his, which was also extended. I clasped an icy cold hand that yielded to iny pressure, sending a most unearthly sen. sation through mo. Not a move or word or a glance of recognition did I see' or honr from the man I thought I was saluting. With widely-distended eyes I gazed at the face in front of me and saw to my unspeak able dismay that it was a wax ono. I foil back in an agony of horror and catching sight of a ticket pinned in the breast, I read, with a quickly throbbing heart the words, "James Francis, the notorious American murderer." Words can hardly express tho awful mental pain and bewilderment which this, fearful revelation caused me. I had really been a.ddrossod by one of my acquaintances who called out " Hullo, Alf. !" but mistaking the direction 'of tho sound I had seen what 1 took to be my cousin, and had, 1 may truly say, shaken hands with Death himself. I received a horrible shock, and made my way homo with the remembrance of my ghastly hand-shake running through my brain. Do what I could to turn my thoughts on to something else I was unable to blot out from my mind the gruesome experience and for fully a week was rendered a pale and miserable being in consequence. Eyen to this day I cannot recall tho event1 without a shudder, and if ever I hear a ghost story, however improbable and weird, I make a point of narrating this, a truo episode, and my auditors agree with mo that in point of its blood-chilling effects it sur passes anything they have ever heard. The identity of James ' Francis with Henry Turnbull- was never made known by mo. Needless to say the names adopted in the story are not the real ones. 