Concert at Drayton A CORRESPONDENT WritoS t— TllC DfAytOR Tcmperanco Hocicty held their fifth annual mooting in tho local court-lionso on Easier Monday evening, mid although tho weather was threatening, & largo audience assembled to enjoy tho several Roma of a well arranged programme. Mr. G. Brown apologised for Uio absonco of tho Prosidant, Mr. Jonkins. and stated that Mr. W. J. Book liad consented to tako tlio chair. Sir. Peak first catted upon Miss F. Peak to rlay Uio overture, which slio did in a creditnbla stylo. Tho noxt piceo was a recitation by Mr. W. Shoppord colled "A briefless barrister," which olicitcd applauso. Miss M. Lawton next on- gaged tho attention ot tlio nudionco with that woll-kuown ballad " Tho maid ot tlio mill," and although Buffering from o severe cold sho ren dered it in a pleasing manner. " How ho died," a recitation by Master E. Poflk, was woll de livered. Miss Dovino sang "To-morrow" in her usual stylo. Mr. H. Brown, ft now vocalist in tho district, rang "Tho hurlor" with fino effect, and tor which bo obtained an oncorc, singing in resnouso " Four jolly smiths." "Golden lovo," by tho Misses Lynch, would havo had a better effect if sang by ono vnico only. Avery amusing dialogue entitled "How ho managed it," by Mr. W. Peak and Misses L. flhonperd and B. Farqoharaon, wag given, Mira B. Farquharson scoring a "succops. A Tory pretty song called "Tho last milestone," by »uibB c, wna renuorcu Tory crcanaoiy. "Jomimar Hnnn," a recitation by Miss E. Farnuhnrson, com-nlscd tho audfcnco with laugiiter. A song in ohnractcr by Miss F. Lynch, "Bother tlio men." rocoivcd a well- deserved encore. Mr. \V. Peak foliowod with a characteristic recitation entitled " Paddy O'Raf- forty's sea voyago." Tills was well dolivorcd, tuid showod to odrantngo tho histrionic talent of that gentleman. Noxt came a song by Miss A. Lawton, " Tho Gipsy girl," and tills was fol lowed by " Tlio ghost on horseback," a recitation by Mr. O. Ladner. Mr. W. Peak next sang "Little Annie Roonoy," and then Miss L. Lawton recited. A song entitled "A soldier and a man," by Mr. O. Lndncr next followed, which elicited applauso. A recitation, "Tho grey mare," by Mira B. Farquharson, brought a very interesting programmo to n close. Prizes wcro thon distributed by Mr. Peak to tboso who, by their attcndanco and work for tbo Band of Hope, bad earned them. " God savo tho Queen" was then sung nnd tlio elders deported to their home; but as many of tho young pcoplo wcro inclined for n dance tho scats were soon cleared away and dancing was indulged in till about 2 o'clock tho noxt morning. Messrs. Brown and W. Peak aro to bo congratu lated on tho successful way in which tlio concert was carried out, nnd a word of praise is certainly duo to tho Indies who took such troublo in decorating the hall so nicely. 