BY MUTUAL CONSENT, NOW FIItST FUBUSHED.J BY F. MAKSDEK SUTCUFFE. Author of ' The Bells of St. Barnabas,' *' The Romance of an Insurance Office,' *' Revealed by Tire,' &c;, Jtc [aix bights kesexved.] Chapter X. (Continued, i The same evening, when the ladies retired from the dining-room. Lady Falconridge began to disclose her plans to Winifred, who that moment sat looking thoughtfully into the fire, reckoning up the few days that were left to her of her visit. 'I hope yon have enjoyed your stay at Glen-Orloch,' said Lady Falconridge, by way of opening np the conversation. 'Oh, very much indeed,' said Winifred, brightly, looking np with a beaming face. ' I can nevpr ituuit mm ««*nrfi Hear [aAv Falconridge. Snch a month's hwppinfw« I have never known before : not since poor papa died.' Lady Falcooridge sodded her head looking grave. Winifred's observation told tier volumes. ** Evidently.*1 die thought, ** tliere was not a happy month in those three years about which she had remained so mysteriously ellent.' Bat she did not allow the dread of something unpleasant lying concealed to deter her. ** I have been wondering if you would do a kindness to an old woman. Kelt month Claude returns to Kensington. He only plays at art here, at Kensington he works. When both of yon ore gone I shall feel more lonely tban usual. Is it asking too much of yon to ask yon to remain and be the companion of a lonely old woman through the winter T' 'Oh. Iwi&b; I could,' cned Winifred, to whom this proposal opened out a vista of all manner of pleasant possibilities. 'There is no help for it,f-rshe couiumed, after reflection. 'They will expect rue at St. Jnde'a next week, and might suffer inconvenience if I failed to appear at the end of my holidays.' 'If that is all, I think we can arrange it,' returned Lady Falconridge. ' If they cannot release you immediately yon can return until they can find someone to replace you and then come back to me for the winter. I want some one to cheer me whilst Claude is away, and I Ao not take very readily to strangers ; and if yoa will forgive me saying so, the proposal is not altogether eelfbh. It will be very advan tageous to yocr career as an artist for yoa to remain here. Tour time will be your own, the studio will be at your service, and the whole country-side will Berve you for land scape. Winifred was not slow to perceive the advantages of the arrangement, and yet she felt that if Claode^s absence from Glen-Orlodi had not been made part of the scheme she could not have remained. For the thought of her approaching departure from Glen-Orlnch had begun to weigh heavily upon her spirits and had set her thinking over the happy time she had enjoyed. She bad discovered that more than the praise which her budding genios had received, more than Lady FaleoD ridge's abounding kindness, more than tbe strange wild beauty of the scenery in which she bad moved for tie first time, the man who bad been her constant companion bad made her happiness. She knew at last that her heart had jtassed out of her own keeping and that she loved Claude Maclean with the whole strength of a first passion. She felt, there fore, that if Lady Falconridge's arrangement bad included a stay with Claude for her daily companion, sbe mnst have fled from tbe danger. But uhen she learnt that Claude** plans for the winter, which were fixed, would take him away from Glen -Orloch, she consented to remain and prosecute her art as Lady Falconridge had planned, and find in her work the balm she needed for a heart that was sad from the very hopelessness of the passion of which she had become conscious for the first The authorities at St Jude's consented, on Lady Falconridge's application, to release Winifred. Mori instructions from Claude, more sittings for his picture, ami September went by. In October Mr. Maclean returned to his studio at Kensington, and Winifred plied her Art alone. Her life passed smoothly and uneventfully after Claude's departure, when having driven to Oban from ftlen-Orloch, Fate brought her face to face -with Lord Algy Fitzuerbert and the buried ghost of the past rose from its grave. Chatter XL \- IS she bad lieen partaker -jl mr flesh, and COS me the dearth prouit of a mother, I could uot have owed her a 111 in.1 ruou.-*! love' 11 We have met before, Mrs. Deuison, I believe,' said Lord Algy Fitzherbert, a& he stood before Winifred, hat in hand, politely bowing. The unexpected re-appearance of Lord Algy revivified the whole of tbe dreadful past, from which after more than eighteen months of serene happiness she had experienced in the faithful discharge of her duties as a hospital nurse, Winifred believed that she bad succeeded iu cutting herself loose. That part of her life, which was never remembered except with a shivering horror and loathing had grown to appear a dim and distant event which the stream of time was carrying further au-ay from her, to trouble her no Tuorc The new sense of love born in lier heart for Claude Macluau inevitably tended to revive memories that had grown indistinct in con* se-in£nce of tlie greater fulness of her life tltat left her little time for moody and futile reflections. But Winifred fought bravely against a passion that she felt was vain and hopeless. She gave no dalliance to tbe ener vating thoughts of the happiness that might have been hers if she bad not been betrayed into a foolish marriage. Site fled from herself I and the thoughts that would have embittered ' her, plunging with greater ardour than ever into her work, and she discovered as the reward of her brave striving that tbe ' labour we delight in physics pain.' So the memory of the past was laid to the rest by the busy ?clivities that filled W days after Claude Maclean left Glen-Orloch for his boose in Kensington ; and the aelcuaion that she enjoyed at Glen-Orloch helped to maintain the illusion Hat she had parted company for erer with those three years of onhappiness and shame that had fallen to her share as the wife of Sir Reginald Denison. It was a bitter awakening from a Bweet dream of peace when Winifred saw Lori Algy standing before her »^»»i»«i*»fr her aquBintamce on the ground of his former visits to the establishment in Cavendish -street. His appearance wan like a menacing spectre newly risen from the grave. There was no room for doubt that Lord Algy regarded tabeir ww^ring as an uncommon piece of good lack, from which he hoped to derive some advantage. The manner in which he barred Winifred's passage, and the light of gratified triumph in her confusion that shone in his large fish-like eyes were sufficient to tell her that a great crisis in her life had suddenly arisen, and that on the manner in which she met it her whole future depended. She paused irresolutely, overcome with confusion, and feeling like a hunted animal suddenly brought to bay. For a moment tbe wild desire possessed her to rush, past him and disown the acquaintance that he manifestly intended to force upon her. Bnt she soon recovered herself. The energy with which she bad thrown herself into the task of living an unsullied life, separate from the world's evil that was for ever personified to her i mntrirm frjnfi in her husband's character and manner of life, had taught her courage and developed her resources. Her hesitation was an affair of a moment. Hie next instant she saw her way dear before Jier. ' It would be untrue to say that I am pleased at this meeting,' she said, holding her hand ont frankly to Lord Algy, ' bnt since we have met it is desirable that X should ***-pl»-in my reasons for requesting that in the future I may -be left free from molestation.' . 'lam awfully sorry I have vexed you,' returned Lord Algy. 'I hoped that the pleasure would have been mutual. Vm -delighted to see you again. You will pardon me saying that you are looking very well ; more beautiful than ever.' ** Pray do not indnLze in w»m pi imm fta. They are offensive,' said Winifred, with freezing hauteur. 'No compliment at all, I assure you. It is the simple truth,' said Lord Algy, with & warm glance of admiration.' *' May I without offence ask you one ques tion ?' demanded Winifred, 'areyouagentle- manf The incisive manner in which Winifred »mfrM this question and the fixed penetrating ?glance that wire darted upon hint coveted Lord Algy with confusion. He feebly stammered forth an assent. ** I was certain of it. You are better than you appear,' said Winifred, warmly. 'You are too brave, too generous to persecute a defenceless woman. A chivalrous nature like yours would scorn to take a tuean advantage. Von would succour the weak, and the oppressed would find in you a champion and * friend.' Lord Algy raised bis eyes in astonishment. He entertained no doubt that Winifred's language was to be taken in a Pickwickian sense i ?rimfr she considered him fair game for ** chaff,' and whs baiting him to her heart's content. 'You are mistaken,' she said, answering bis look of astonishment. ' I am in deadly earnest. J believe that all I have said of you may be true. Your errors are of tbe head, and not of the heart. Your heart is good if you did lmt know it. Learn to rely on the better instincts of your nature, and yon will cure yourself of folly and win my esteem.' Lord Algy was staggered at Winifred's appeal, die sincerity of which he could not permit himself to doubt. ** I should be glad of your esteem,' he replied, with emphasis. **I have shown you Low you ran do that, you to erpect that we can be anything except strangers to each other. You knew me under circumstances that have exposed me to your censures. Relieve me that your judgment, though natural, is unwarranted. As a. 'th* of honour you will give me \ our word to forget that you have ever known me, anil you will this service and you will prove that my estimate of you is not unfounded. :' ** Surely we may be yood friends,' said Lord Algy pleadingly, ready to fall in with any wish of Winifred's that would leave the door open for him to prosecute his intimacy with her. ' That ia impossible,' cried Winifred firmly. ' If I could explain everything to you you would perceive that what you ask for cannot be. I* ay more, yon would feel ashamed that you had put me to the necessity of asking a second time that you wonld forget that we bad ever met. ' The directness of this final appeal and the tremulous earnestness with which it was urged struck the right cord in Lord Algys nature. He was perplexed to account for Winifred's connection with the establishment in Cavendish-street, but the earnestness of her manner and tbe touching terms in which ehe threw herself upon hia generous forbearance convinced him tbat in some way lie c*»uld not conceive of Winifred had laid herself open to suspicious that were as undeserved as they were injurioue. Already be felt ashamed of his designs, and he lost no time in beating a retreat. ** I sincerely beg your pardon, Mrs. Deui son, for thrusting myself upon you,' he said. ** I will not repeat llie intrusion nor attempt to pry into your secret.' And raising his hat and bowing profoundly Lord Algy paused on his way. Winifred's eyes were full of nushed texts aa she was driven back to Ulen-Orioch. She had escaped from a menacing situation with flying colours, thanks to her tact and firmness, but her mind was HI at ease as she brooded upon her position as Lady Falcuuridge'fl guest. Was she not staying at Glen-Orloch on false pretences? If Lady Falconridge knew the truth would she not condemn herjfor duplicity in masquerading under the name of Winifred Weatwiien she was the wife of Sir Beginald Denison? A ware of remorse passed over her as she thought of the false step that she had taken in accepting Lady Falconridge'e invitation. As Norse West, living an unattached life and owing no social duties she felt that it was a matter of indifference by wbat name she was called. But she realised now that in stepping out of the line she had originally prescribed for herself when she insisted on separating her life from her husband's, she had created diffi culties for herself such as she had not con templated. She could see no way of escape except by withdrawing from her engagement to. Lady Falconridge and leaving Glen-Orloch. She felt that she had not the courage to tell her the miserable story of her ill-fated marriage, even if the sense of loyalty that she Eelt tfaat she owed to the compact with her busband did not prevent her from unsealing her lips on the subject. What excuse could she find for leaving GHen-Orloch? She could think of none. There was nothing for it, she felt, but to continue as she bad begun. The weeks would soon pass that would bring her engagement to an end. Fhen she would be free to return to her old unattached life, which she promised to herself she would not again depart from. And so the days drew on to Christmas, and tfae period -of her emancipation from the false position into which she had allowed herself in . momentary weakness to be betrayed ap proached an end. She worked hard at her profession, and made rapid progress. The crater-colour drawing «f the Lancer and his uharger had been purchased by Lord Pole bampton, who delighted to play tie r6U of Maecenas to young artists of promise, for a large sum. Lord Polehampton was so avoarably impressed by die proof of Winifred's genius furnished by .her spirited drawing that te had given her two commissions and sent a rind message of interest in her welfare, jromising to secure her further patronage. With so much to encourage her she devoted :xcited Lady Falcouridge'R fears lest her health rould give way under die strain. One morning the post brought a letter from 3aude who was coming to Glen-Orloch, in Lccordanoe with the arrangement made with lis mother, hoping to secure Winifred for bis rife. An Winifred, still maintained tjI^tmt'* ooq :erning the three years of her lite tbat followed ler father's death. Lady Falconridge felt that ihe time had come for her to make an attempt a penetrate through her reserve. ** 1 have noticed that you never say any thing of your affairs before you entered upon ?he career of a nurse. Will you not tell me -f that time dear?' she said as they sat alone n the drawing-room. Lady Kalconridge's wmipfr was kind, but iVinifred started as if something bad stung ler. The colour fled from her cheeks and she ?aiaed her hands above her head in an attitude A despair. Then flinging herself on her knees lefore the chair on which Lady Falconridge vas sitting she bid her head in her lap and -roke into passionate weeping. ' Do not trouble about it, my child,' said Lady Falconridge, soothingly, as she stroked ihe heavy masses of her rich brown hair as she poke. ' I should be glad if you could give me your xmndence, but if it hurts yon to say anything -f that time we will not speak of it.' 'Oh, how I wish I could tell you,' cried Winifred, between her sobs. 'It is a secret, t horrible secret. It is not my secret alone ; f it were I would tell you all ; but I must keep t ;' and Winifred's agitation became so great hat Lady Falconridge was compelled to for tear pressing her inquiries further. Claude when be came was told what had lappened, and a strange fear crept into his leart as be saw how great was the change vhich had passed over Winifred since last he aw her. She seemed as if turned to stone, she gave him lier hand shyly and timidly, and tcarcely ventured to raise her eyes to his. ' 1 will not distress her by speaking to her,' ie said afterwards to his mother, ** nor shall ?he be questioned auy more But I will pene trate this secret of here, and then she slia.ll be nine— be the secret what it may.' Clande returned to London next day, and t3 Lady F&Iconridfze;'s manner became more tinder and more thoughtful than ever Wini fred's spirits slowly revived, though the memory of Lady Falconridge's question re mained with her to keep her in perpetual remembrance how Uopeleas was the passion she cherished in her heart for Claude Maclean. One thought comforted her. She alone had to bear this misery of a futile love. So she imagined. If she had known ? (To he cotttitiutd.) An artist gave hie latest painting to a porter to carry to the Academy. ** Be careful, be careful,*' said be, 'the picture is scarcely dry.' ' Oh, never mind,' exclaimed the porter, 'It's of no consequence at all— my clothes are old.' The Irish Laud Commisaoaurs in a certain district increased the rents, whereupon the exasperated priest preached a sermon the following Sunday from the text, ' And the rent is made worse.' It mast be admitted that in a donblc sense this was a ' Pat ' quotation. A new-made widow called at the office o fin insurance company for the money due on her husband's policy. The President said, **I am truly sorry, ™J'', to hear of your loss.' ' That's always the way with you men,' said she ; ' you are always sorry when a poor woman gets a chance to make a little money.3 