THE action about to be taken by the supporters of gold mining in Ballarat and district to protest against the inequitable allotment of the prospect- ing grant, is more than justified by the comparative statistics we pub lished on Saturday. The public will be invited to express an opinion about the matter at a meeting which is to be called without delay. We must assume that the authori ties in the Mining Department have some sort of a system to guide them in making the allotment, and that some specific method is adhered to. But it would be im possible to infer this from the com parative grants which have more the appearance of Jbeing decided by hap hazard or rule of thumb. The returns given in Saturday’s Star show the pro portion of the various districts to the whole in all the principal points of the mining industry. Thus it appears that for yield of gold for the quarter ended. 31st December Ballarat produced 3641 per cent, of the total gold raised in the colony. It had 26'32 per cent, of the total number of miners, 21’71 per cent, of estimated aggregate value of machinery (a proportion which is being rapidly raised) and paid no less than 43-76 per cent, of the , whole of the declared dividends for the quarter. The amount of aid allotted to Ballarat is understood to be £7234, or a- shade less than a seventh of the whole amount available. .It la wortlij of note that the total amount is £51,924 out of a gross vote of £SO,OOO, the balance being supposably retained for diamond drills and depart mental expenses, remuneration to pro specting boards, «kc. This is a detail on which the public are entitled to more information. In the singular fact that the mining districts of the colony share almost equally in the prospecting vote, there seems to be an indication that the total available sum has been divided by s'even, without any regard to the relative importance of any particular district, or to the excellence or otherwise of the probabil ities in the prospectors’ favor. .The largest. allotment is to Sandhurst, £BlB3- and the lowest to Ararat, £7068. Four out of the seven districts have higher allotments than Ballarat, these being Sandhurst, Gippsland, Maryborough, and Castlemaine. If, as seems likely, the department made the grants to the different districts nearly equal in order to escape the trouble of justifying their action to those districts which deserve least, then they have totally missed the object for which Parliament voted the money. It is simply absurd to pretend that Ararat, Castlemaine, and Beechworth offer so much encou ragement to the genuine prospector as Ballarat and Sandhurst. As we said, the share earmarked for Ballarat is set down at £7234. Now according to the table we gave on Sat urday, our share should have been £24,199, that of Sandhurst £15,961, and the other districts in rela dive proportion. Let us take the Gippsland district as a fair ilustration. It has 1753 miners where Bailarat has 6244; it has machinery, ifcc., to the value of £183,529, while Ballarat shows £401,432 ; it paid in dividends £5760, while Ballarat paid £61,013; and, lastly, it is credited with the produc tion of 10,000 oz of gold in the last quarter of 1890, to which all these figures refer, while Ballarat raised 55,000 oz.. In the face of all this, Gippsland is to get £7324 from the prospecting vote, and Ballarat £7234 only. Gippsland district produced 6-57 per cent, of our output of gold, has 7 - 40 per cent, of the total number of miners, something less than 10 per cent, -of gross value *©£ mining ' machinery, and paid -a little over 4 ' per cent, of- the-gross dividends, this sum coating almost-entirely tirom one I mine, yet it is held worthy of a,.-greater | share in the grant than the principal goldfields district-of the-colony. No doubt it will be pleaded that the ; statistics of population, gold won, dividend!) paid, ifec., are no -safe guide to the-claim of a -district to'Govern ment aid. We do not say they are. necessarily so always, but undenpresent circumstances they undoubtedly are It must be remembered that nearly all the districts have -been thoroughly gone over -by the surface prospector. If we cite the eastern chain -cf the Australian Alps as a possible-excep tion, it must be also remembered rthat the nature of the country forbids any hope of other than patchy ..finds. Assuming then, as we fairly may,'that the whole of the districts are-well gone over and prospected so far as -surface deposits go, and that the -work -of further exploration will hereafter be difficult -and costly, it follows as a matter of course that -the most likely localities for further and more expensive exploration, are those which have .shown the richest deposits in the past. The more the 1 matter is examined the greater ap-; pears the unfairness of the allotment as made by the department. It is not: only unjust to the. Ballarat and Sand hurst districts, but it gives the metro politan press an excuse, which they are not likely to miss, of sneering at the whole thing, calling the timely help to struggling companies a I charitable dole, and suggesting that a department which can blunder like this ought to be wholly improved away. The people of Victoria who find the money have an obvious right to not only see that it is fairly ex pended, but to know exactly on what principles, if any, the distribution is based. There is in the whole thing too much by far of the pernicious fiction that the money is produced and con ferred by the State, whereas it is gathered from the taxpayers, and the Government are only its temporary trustees. Perhaps we shall hare the Melbourne papers declaring the whole scheme of prospecting grants a fraud and a waste, and suggesting that the £SO,OOO could he much better applied in decorating the streets of Melbourne. The department has at least furnished , .a colorable excuse for their saying so. Ik dealing with the position of mining affairs we have to congratulate the Minister of Mines upon his determi nation to send an expert to England and Germany to ascertain the best method of treating refractory ores, manufacturing brown coal bri quettes, and any other works that may be advantageous to the community. We have repeatedly, in view of the importance of such a step, urged this upon the department, and we are pleased to note that Mr Oottrim is taking such a practical and common sense view of our wants and requirements. The steady extension of quartz mining operations in Bal larat and surrounding districts, as also in the whole of the Australian colonies, makes it a matter of paramount importance that the best gold-saving appliances obtain able be secured in order to promote and foster the mining industry. At present quartz-mining operations are being carried on vigorously, not only in the central division of Ballarat, but also in many of the numerous affiliated localities, and not for a long time past have the prospects - in general been more promising. In Bal larat East, comprising the Post Office hill, the White Horse Ranges, the Magpie Ranges, the Brown Hill, the Black Hill, and several other portions of the district, many of the managers, as will be noted, are able to report very satisfactorily regarding the condition of the mines under their direction; while there is also good news from most of the mines at the Plateau, Redan, Eger ton, Gordon, Sulky Gully, and other places. In the Llanberris we ob serve that the intermediate level drives and stopes are carrying strong veins of stone showing coarse gold. In Llanberris No. 1, the north drive from the boundary rise on the Indi cator has been extended 56 feet, and the veins are showing splendid gold. The former company’s stock changed hands last week at £4, and the latter’s was in good demand with the closing sale on Saturday at 7s 4d. In the Sulieman Pasha mine the stone is show ing in large quantities in all parts. Daljsell’s continues to yield well, and the shares are now held for 9s 9d, with buyers at 9s. Prince Regent shares have been gradually rising of late, and on Saturday they went from 7s up to 8s 3d, closing strong. North Prince Regent also went up from 5s 3d to 5s 7d. Temperance, which were at 7s 2d on Monday, went up to 9s on Saturday with more buyers at the same figure. Several others of the local stocks had a little attention at current rates. At Egerton the Black Horse United mine improved greatly last week, and shares were in good demand from £8 16s on Monday to £9 Is on Tuesday, closing on Saturday with buyers at £9 2s, and no sellers. Parker’s United sold well all the week” at advanced rates, and closed on Saturday with buyers at 2s Bd. Kangaroo Extended also im proved, closing on Saturday witli buyers at Is 3d and sellers at Is 6d. Black Horse and Egerton Extension closed firm with a sale at Is 2d. Star of the East had buyers at £l6 10s, without bringing forward a seller till Saturday, when the stock was obtain able at £l6 15s. South Star, Central Plateau, Prince of Wales and Bon shaw, South Plateau, Northern Star, and some others all had attention at firmer rates. The continued good yields from the Sir Henry Loch caused the shares to advance, closing on Saturday with buyers at 30s and no sellers, and New Kohinoor also had an upward tendency at the close of the week, when 15s 6d was offered without inducing business. Berry Consols changed hands at £l3 and £l3 2s; Berry No. 1 sold from 80s to 83s; and Madame Berry advanced from £4 18s on Monday, closing on Saturday with buyers ex div. at £5 2s, and sellers' holding out for £5 10s. Madame Berry West are now marketable at Bs, and no sellers. Hep burn Estate and Lord Harry had a little attention at current rates. The Midas group had a good deal of busi ness. The Hopetouu Company expect to have a trial crushing put through shortly. The lode in the face is IS inches: ini thickness, and gold 3s -seen on the stone. The Chalks’ group advanced materially last week, without much business. On Saturday Chalk’s Free hold sold -at 29s and 30s, with buyers at the -advanced figure at the close. Chalk’s ''-No. 1 closed with buyers as high as:37s, and no sellers, and Chalk’s- No. 3 are now held from lOs. Napier Freehold are now negotiable at fis, and Napier at 3s 2d, shares firmly held. During the past week tire following dividends were declared s Madame ißerry, • 3s 6d; Sir Henry Loch, Is. James Johnston will expiate his horrible crime this morning mi the scaffold. The, hangman arrived on Friday evening, and on Saturday he-made all the necessary arrange ments. There iis gome talk about a dis inclination .on the part of the warders to assist the.condemned man on to theaeaffold in the event-of-hisbeing unable to walk. It iB said, however,-that one of the warders is perfectly willing -to render the necessary assistance if -called upon. Should there be any difficulty in the-siattrr, however, one or two of tile prisoners will be pressed into tile service. Sheriff Anderson arrived in Bal larat on Saturday, but proceeded to Clunes, probably -to avoid . the possi bility of another midnight visit. There, is little to report do the condition of the condemned tnan sines lie was informed of the decision of the :Government. He ex pressed himself as .quite satisfied at the re sult, but regretted thatdiu death should be the means of attaching a stigma to his rela deves. Yesterday afternoon he was again placed in the. condeamed .cell near the gal lows. In the evening he was visited by the K.ev. T. R. Cairns, whose iixhortatious lie teceives kindly, aud to whom he has ex pressed himself as fully prepared for the next world. He still eats and sleeps well, and does not appear to he the least concerned for himself about his approaching fate. The boisterous weather of the last few days was followed yesterday by some heavy showers of rain. A bleak wind iblew all day, bu£ in the evening the weather was somewhat milder. :.e Royal Commission on Charities con cluded the taking of evidence in Ballarat on Saturday morning, when Miss Johnston, Mrs Swifte, Mr J»s. Oddic, J.P., FR.G..S., mid Dr Salmon were examined. They will conclude their business in this district to day, and return to Melbourne. The mayors of the city and town were desirous of enter taining the commissioners nt a public ban quet, but Professor Morris, on behalf of his colleagues, declined the honor. Amongst those present on Saturday was Sister Chris tina, of the Deaconesses’ Order (Anglican), Melbourne, who was in Ballarat on a visit. That young lady expressed her warm admi ration of the manner in which the dimities ill Ballarat are managed. A report of Saturday’s proceedings will be found else where in The Star. Mr J. Cameron, foreman of works under the Ballarat Water Commissioners, was found dead in his bed yesterday morning. The news of the death of Mr Cameron caused much regret in a wide circle. Deceased, who was about 60 yearß of age, attended to hisduties oil Snturday, when ho appeared to be in good health aud spirits. He retired to rest at the usual hour on .Saturday night. Yesterday morning his little graud-daughter was sent to hiß bedroom to call him to breakfast, and on failing to arouse him, she mentioned the fact to her parents, who then visited the room, nnd found Mr Cameron dead. It is supposed that death was caused by apoplexy. The. deceased, who was a widower, had been in the employ of the Water Commission for about 25 years. By his death the Commission lose an energetic, painstaking officer, and one whose place it will be hard to fill. Yesterday a flag was flying at half-mast at the station of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, of which deceased was an honorury member. The funeral will take place to-morrow. The Government have now decided to hold the local optiou poll in Ballarat East mi Friday, 26th June. The committee asked that the polliug should take place on the 19th June. The people’s concert at the Juvenile Exhibition, on Saturday night, drew a fairly large audience. In the unavoidable absence of Mr Geo. Herbert, Miss Sherlock played tho accompaniments. The .programme was as follows:—Song, ‘’Dear heart,” Miss Walsh; song, “Soots wha hae wi’ Wallace,” Mr W. H. Williams; song “ Only then,” Miss M. Sherlock; song, “ My pretty Jane,” Mr Y. Woolcock;song, “ The watchman and the child" (Cowen), Mrs Uren; song, “A sultry day ” (Annie Armstrong), Mrs Uren; song, “ The village blacksmith” (Daykin), Mr W. H. Williams; song, “The last mile stone,” Miss M. Sherlock; song, “ Mary of Argyle,’ - Mr V. Woolcoek; song, “Scenes that are brightest,” Miss Walsh. The programme for to-night is udvertised. At a special meeting of the Ballarat Typo graphical Society, held on Saturday evening at the Trades’ Hall, it was decided to donate a sum of £5 from the funds, and strike a levy, which will amount to about Is per week per member, to the Queensland shearers. A special general meeting of the Operative Bakers’ Society was held at the Trades’ Hall on Saturday evening. There wns a large attendance. Some tnomhers who did not attend were fined. One new member was admitted. Amalgamation with the Melbourne Society was considered nt length, but before takiug any decided action the secretary was instructed to write for full in formation on the subject. The fine imposed on some of the members was referred hack to the board for further consideration. The money loaned to the Trades’ Congress was refunded. It was decided that should one or two members, who are going back with their contributions, not pay up by uext meeting society 'will take notion. The presiding magistrates at the Town Police Court on Saturday were Messrs Gale aud Ham, J’s.P. A woman named Mary Jane Power was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment on a charge of vagrancy. Janet Geddes, n resident of tho Chinese quarters, was sent to prison for one month for stealing two fowls belonging to Ah Tune. Two persons were fitted for being drunk aud disorderly. The second football match for the local premiership was played at the Saxon pad dock on Saturday, and resulted in a drawn game, Ballarat obtaining 2 goals 4 behinds and South Ballarat 2 goals 2 behinds. The points now stand—South Ballarat, 6; Bal larat, 2; Ballarat Imperial, nil. On Saturday evening two youths named Samuel Thompson and Frederick Tabel were arrested by Plain-clothes Constable McPher son on charges of stealing goods from the establishments of Messrs Adair, M’Kee, and S. Martini The accused, who are aged respectively 16 and 14 years, were lodged in the Town lock-up. A man named Henry Hamka was arrested on Saturday night, in Ballarat East, by Constable Serpell. on a charge of assaulting James Riordan. William Hamka was taken into custody by Constable M’Phersou for inciting the accused, who is his brother, to resist the police in the execu tion of their duty. Several inebriates were also in the Town lock-up last night. A meeting to protest against the action of the City Council in respect to the marching of the Salvation Arriiy through tho public thoroughfares will he held in the Aoademy . of Music to-morrow evening. Dr Porter will preside, and addresses will he delivered by the Hon. Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, M.L. A., Mr J. W. Kirtnn, M.L.A., Rev. J. H. Mrckay, Rev. J. B. Johnson, Commissioner Cnnmbi, MrR. M’Gregor, and other gentle men. A summons has been issued against Mr Jones, manager of the South Star Company, charging him with neglect in connection with the recent accident at that mine, by which a miner named John Rundell was killed on Wednesday night, Bth April. Among the prisoners in tho City cells last evening were Jnhn Flockliart, James Kerr, and Michael Ryan, charged with using obscene langttnge; William Phillips, charged with threatening behaviour; Anthony Hur ley, charged with being 'drunk while in charge of a horse and cart; and three other persons charged with drunkenness. The opening of the Redan Temperance Hall and Free Library was celebrated yes terday afternoon by the rendering of a ser vice of song entitled, “Golden Links,” by the Rubicon street temperance choir. The elocutionary part of the proceedings was in the hands of the popular elocutionist, Mr T. Corneille, who rendered the connective readings in a most impressive manner. The Binging of the local choir was excellent, and reflected great credit on their leader, Mr J. Wiilaton. The solo parts were taken by the Misses Wiilaton (2), Brown (2), Caddy, Jolly, and Sir IKore, who nil acquitted themselves. aredi tobl-y. M r -By a nd. £Lu k iea -,p re • aided at the organ with his usual ability. Notwithstanding the inclemency of Ihe weather the hall was packed, and every -one' seemed well pleased. The opening services will ! be.continued this evening by a monster 1 tea meeting, followed by a grand elocu tionary and musical-concert -by some of -the leading talent of Ballarat. The programme ’ is published in our advertising columns. The Rev. Father Boyle is expected to be present. The following accident cases were treated at the Hospital during Saturday and Sunday; —Edward Moore, an elderly man residing at Sebastopol., suffering from a fracture of one of his wrists, caused by a fall from a dray; Frank Jones, suffering from a lacerated wound on the head, caused by being knocked down by a dray; and Florence Maud Cravin, a child 18 mouths of ago, whose parents reside in Havelock street, suffering from sc ilds ab >ut the body, caused by the upsetting of a pot of boiling water. One of the players of the Ballarat football team, Mr Scott, sustained a concussion of tile brain during the match against the South Ballarat on Saturday afternoon. He played to the end of the game, but bad sub sequently to be removed to and a medical man called in. The Whitsuntide Festival was duly nnd distinctly kept at St. Peter’s Church yester day, notwithstanding the inclement weather. The early communion was attended in un usually good numbers, and there was a second celebration (choral) at 11 a.m. The vicar, Rev. Canon Flower, M.A., preached morning and evening. The text at 11 a.m. was “He dwelleth with you and shall be in you,” from the Gospel for Whit Sunday. - In the evening the discourse was founded on Rom. viii., 14—“As many as are led by the Spirit of God they are the sons of God.” Tlio decorations of the church were never more satisfactory and effective, the font ,in particular, on eutoring the church, was adorned with exquisite taste and special suc cess. The texts in the window of the nave, on rich red grouud trimmed with green foliage, warmed and brightened the whole aspect of the interior. These were—“ God hath Rent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts,” and “ My ‘Spirit reinaiueth among you.” The sanctuary was most suc cessfully arranged with skilful decoration of floliage nnd flowers,- in addition to the colors of the season, and presented a chaste festival appearance. Special Whitsuntide music was rendered throughout the day, in cluding Atwood’s anthem, “Come, Holy Ghost.” Tho sacred concert intended to have been given by the combined bands of Ballarat and Sebastopol on the Eastern Oval yester day afternoon had to be postponed owing to the heavy rain. Should the weather be suitable, the concert will be given next Sunday afternoon. • It is probable that Mr B. C. G. Holmes, clerk of courts at Fitzroy, will be appointed a stipendiary magistrate at the next meeting of the Executive Council, nnd Mr W. R. Anderson, clerk of the court at Ballarat, will be transferred to. Fitzroy to fill the vacancy caused by Mr Holmes' promotion. Captain W. Hennali, of the Ballarat Militia, bas resigned his position as adjutant, and he has been transferred to the reserve of officers. The vacancy has been filled by the appointment of Captain J. W. Stanley-' Low. At the afternoon session of the Lydiard street Wesleyan junior school yesterday, an opportunity was taken of the presence of the younger children to practise the hymns to be rendered at the demonstration next Sunday. There was a large attendance of senior scholars in the upper room. A col lection wae taken up in aid of tho funds of the school. At a teachers’ meeting held subsequently, it was decided to hold tho de monstrations on Monday, 25th, and Friday, 2Gth. To-day the erection of a gallery the entire width of the church will be com menced. An examination for miniug and factory engine drivers will be held at the School of Mines, Ballarat, on 21st, 22ud, 23rd, 26th, 27ih and 28th May. Special sermons in connection with the anniversary of the Golden Point Wesleyan Church were preached yesterday. In the morning tho pulpit was filled by the Rev. C. Lancaster, in the afternoon the Rev. J. H. Msckny officiated, and the sermon iri the evening was preached by tho Rev. S. Cuth bert. This evening the anniversary will be further celebrated, when a tea and public meeting will be held. The Hon. D. Ham, M.L.C., will preside at the latter, and addresses will be delivered by the Revs. Mackay, Lancaster, Cuthbert and other gentlemen. A jockey named William Jones was at the City Police Court on Saturday fined 2i 6d on a charge of drunkenness, nnd £3 tor resisting Constable Bryne in the exeoution of his duty. Messrs Shoppee, Murray, and Morrison,.J's.P., wero the occupants of the bench. The South Btreet Debating Society held a most successful meeting on Friday night. Mr Richard Maddern, president of the eociety, occupied the chair. A number of visitors were present from Neil street Society and St. Andrew’s Liternry Association. Mr B. Q. Richards read a most interesting and well prepared paper on “ Improvement,” which created a lively discussion, in which Messrs D. V. M'Lean, W. Doncaster, A. Wilson, W. Roive, T. Barrow, ami T. Sauuders took part. The secretary reported that arrange ments for the competition and demonstration, which takes place on tlio 26th June, were in a forward state, and that entries were coming in freely. Intending competitors are reminded that the entries close on Thurs day 21st May. Prize lists, entry forms, and text books can be had on application to the secretary. Dr Jordan has been appointed to examine, when uec-ssary, patients on probation and boarded out from Lunatic Asylums for the year ending December, 1891. Fitzgerald’s circus commences a season of four nights ill Ballnrat on Wednesday even ing. The tent will be pitched in the hay market, and us the troupe comprises spe cialists in various lines ami will present good programmes, they will doubtless be well patronised by lovers of this class of enter tainment. In connection with the “ Richelieu” per formance on Thursday next, in aid of the Wendouree Rowing Club, we are desired to mention that holders of dress circle tickets may reserve their seats without extra charge at Messrs R. H. Sutton and Co’s., Sturt street, oil production of their tickets.: The extensive sale of the furniture of the George hotel will be commenced to-day by Messrs Tunbridge ana Sons, at half-post 10 o’clock. will extend over tbree days, and the whole of Mr Forster’s pro perty in the hotel is to be sold without auy reserve being placed on any item. Trustees of Cemeteries have been ap pointed as follows:—Ballarat General Ceme tery-—Alex. Hunter, J.P., vice I. J. Jones, deceased; Daylesford Public Cemetery—J. E Geake, W. E. Staubri-lge, M.L.C., re signed. Appointments have been made to boards of tidvieo as follows: —Sebastopol, No. 50, George Brehaut; Shire of Ripon, east ridiug, No. 227, James Robertson. An eclipse of the moon will take place on the early morning of Queen’s Birthday, the 24th inst." The first contact will take place at 16 minutes past 1 o'clock on the morning in question. The remainder of the stages will be observed at nine minutes past 4 am) one minute past 7 a.m. on the same date. The annular eclipse of the sun will take place mi the 4tli June, but it will be in visible in Australia. A total eclipse of the inoon will occur on the 16th November, also invisible in Australia. A partial eclipse of the sun will take place on the 4st December, also invisible in Australia. A telegram from Bendigo says:—“ At a meeting of the Trades and Labor Council on Friday a letter was received from . Mr Crawford, secretary of the Queensland shearers’ strike committee, asking that funds be telegraphed at once, as they were urgently required. It was decided to appoint a sub committee to collect funds and forward any amount received through Mr Temple, seerej tary of the Australian Shearers’ Union. A proposal to hold a public meeting to collect funds was received in silence.”- Some sensation was caused in the small suburb of Coburg on Thursday night, when it became generally known that four girls, inmates of the Reformatory at Pentridge, had escaped. It appears that a little after 6 o’clook on the evening mentioned, the four girls, whose names are—Agnes Davis, aged 18; Martha Pierce, aged 18; Elizabeth Bird, aged 16; and Beatrice Richmond, aged 20, were told off for the duty of carrying from the Cobarg station a heavy box which had arrived by rail. They were accompanied by one of the sub-matrons, Mies King, to Bell street east, where the station is J«itu»te. They, having procured the box, carried it Sydney road, thence towards the r^° rnla ' torv, via Sydney road, as far ns the Church of England, the sub matron walking close behind them all the way. On reaching the chnrch the four girls dropped the box and made off down one of the nnmerous by streets. Search was made, but no trace was found of the missing girls. The girls were clothed in the reformatory dress. Every careful reader (says the South Aus tralian Register), has become acquainted with the story of the “ Australian Lady bird,” which was sent from New Zealand to -California to fight the cottony cushion scale (Icerya purchasii), which had nearly ruined all the orange groves in the southern part of California, and they know how the little beetle “ increased ftnd multiplied exceed ingly, till their number was us the sand of the sea,” and until they had eaten up the whole of the scale insects. But some people do not know that the same “ cottony cushion scale” had long before ruined all the orange groves, and many plantations of other trees in the Cape Colony, nor that the pest is still there, blighting the. industry of the horticulturists. The Cape Government, hearing of the success achieved by the in troduction of, the Vedalia into Southern California, have requested the Govern ments of the Australian colonies, of New’ Zealand, and California, to supply Cape Colony with some Vedalia, but so difficult has it been to find them that only California has been able to comply, and they were able to supply 1000, w hen the beetles became so scarce that it was feared they were lost alto gether. The Californians aie breeding leeryse in glass houses in order to raise food for the ladybirds. Quite recently a spot lias been found in New Zealand where a few Vedalias exist, and the locality is jealously kept secret lest vandal collectors should take the lot. So much for the value of entomo logical science or bug diigy, as some irreveren people term it. The following is extracted from tho Lyttltlon (N Z.) Times of 28th March “ Messrs Petersen and Cos. have just com pleted the manufacture of a very handsome present for Mrs Julius. Her many friemlH in Ballarat, having subscribed the funds, desired her to procure some suitable me mento. Mrs Julius decided to procure a silver tea urn, and Messrs Petersen and Cos. have turned out a very highly creditable specimen of the silversmitli’s art. Tho urn is of solid silver, from ore procured at the Thames. It is beautifully finished, the chased work con sisting »fa pretty fl ral design. On one side is the following inscription:—‘Pre sented to Mrs Julius by many friends in Ballarat and the colony of Victoria, with best wishes for her welfare and happiness in Christchurch, New Z’aland. W. Little, Mayor of the City of Ballarat.’ The present is now on view in the firm’s window in High street.” When Mr Spe’ght was re-appointed as chairman of the Railway Commissioners, the official announcement' was that he had agreed to the all-important condi tion that the renewal of his engagement was to he subject to the will of Parliament. He had some correspondence with Mr Sliiels on the subject anil .several interviews. The precise terms of tho conditional letter which was to have accompanied the re newal of his agreement were discussed (says the lelegraph), but it has transpired that lie has not yet sigued the letter agreeing to the Ministerial condition that his appointment is made subject to the will of Parliament. When the order re-appointing Mr Speight was passed by the Executive Council it was thought from the attitude Mr Speight assumed that he would sign the letter, but afterwards it was discovered that he declined to sign. Mr Shiels lias in his possession documents which in dicate the progress of the negotiations from the commencement up to the time they were thus abruptly brought to a conclusion, and all the letters will be laid before Parlia ment at the opeuing of the session. There are three constructions which can be placed upon the terms of the Railway Commis sioners Act in regard to the period of the Commissioners’ engagement. The first is that the re-appointment is at pleasure; the second, that it is for seven years; the third, for life. The otiier day (says the European Mail) the National Gullery in Edinburgh was th“ scene of a ceremony the like of which has not previously occurred within its wails. It was none other than the solemnisation of a marriage in presence of two ladies and a gentleman. On the afternoon indicated tiiree ladies aud two gentlemen, accompanied by a clergyman, entered the Exhibition. Owing to the stormy weather prevailing, the gdlery was almost deserted. The party retired to the farthest uway octagon, where they formed a group, with tho reverend gpntle m«n in the midst, who began to address them with great earnestness. He continued this for about half an hour, when the party left the building. The officials did not, of course, suspect that anything unusual had occurred until the rice throwing at the door t-'ok place, a proceeding with which they were greatly amused. It is believed that the chief parties to the affair had taken this novel meaiiß of getting the marriage per formed in order to baffle the watchfulness of their relatives. The discussion of the method of submitting thn Commonwealth Bill to the people will (says the Age) be resumed this week by the Victorian delegates to the Convention, who have several proposals under consideration. The Premier, who h*9 suggested a special convention, states that he is not bound to the proposal, and is free to deal with sug gestions for Some form of popular vote or the plebiscite. He regards a special ballot taken at the time of the general election as an economical and effective means of con sulting the people, though the plebiscite would put before them a single and un hampered issue. 