OONSEO/IA I ION .OF. SI': PAUL'S OA TBED1UL, MELBOURNE, , .-.?? . fl'nOU A OORIlEsrONDBBT.] i : MuLnoutiriE, iSamrday. . After elovon years labour: thi-. Anglican Cathedral,: Molbourne, is-, an accomplished fact. It is on a lowilevelin.the Vortex of nil tho roar nnd rush of tho city. ??? Evidently contrality has been uppermost in the, minds of the churchmen who fixed tho site rather than offective external architectural display. :: The leucthlia 277ft., width CGIt., and height 76ft. There are mnr.y beautiful stained glass windows, tho gilt of wealthy- members of the church. ,, One large window alone cost £650. Thovbnilding is from ^designs by Mr Wm. Buttorflold, of London, and has 80 far cost £115.800. ?.....: : ; The tcoromony ; of ' consecration began at! 10.30 on Thursday, -2nd mat,, nnd was nt teuded by a largo number : of clergymen from the various colonies including the Bishop of iliverina, and tho Eevs. :W. .0. IIo.o, S. B. Uolt, oudp.Eldrid. : At:nnearly hour tho bells rang but, and a very largo crowd who could .not. securo -.seats in tho Cathedral gathered in Flinders and Swanston: streets, preventing ibo running of the trams for somo lime.. Therp was a large marqnoe erocted on tho east udo of tho cathedral, whero tho clergy arrayed 'themselves in their robes of office and marched in line ao:ording -to a pro nrraugod order , around Iho building. At this juocturo; His Excsllency: the Governor and; suite arrived and were; formally received by! the bishops: Tho procossion then proceeded to .the Flinders stroot entrance, where was sung from from the 21th Psalm, ' Lift up; your beads,' etc. Tho Bishop of Uolbonr- io then knocked at the door with his pastoral staff '''saving 'Opon yo tho gates,' which accordingly were . opened, , and . tho procession passod in; the- Bishop Baying, 'Poace be to tbisHou-o.': -.- ? ...-.' ? - ' : ; Tlio secretary of tho Uatbedrol Erection Board, tho Hev. (J. T.; Porks, of Blchmond, aJdresaing iho Ei.hop of Molbourno, B»id— My Lord, in tho nnmo of the Cathedral Erection I3oard and in the namo of tho Diocese I detiro that you will be pleased to consecrate this Cathedral to the uses set forth in this petition. - . ~- ' : The Hogislrar of the ? Diocose, Mr W. E.: Morri-, then road the petition, which was of: a detailed and formal character, nfter which : The Bishop of Molbourno said — I am ready' to do as you desire, and I pray to God to bloss and proipor this your work. : - - ' His Excolloncy tho Govoraor and. party: were thon conducted to thoir seats in tho nave in front of- the pulpit, ' lind tho' bishops,, canons, uud others walked up tho centro aislo; of tho church, singing as they proceeded Psilm xxiv. Domini cst terra, 'Tho earth is' tho Lord's, and nil that therein is ;'. the com pass of tho world and they that dwell therein.' The Bishop, «t ihe conclusion of the psalm,' offered up a special grayer for tho Governor, alter which the wholo -ongregation, knooling, the Veni Creator spiritus, 'Come, Jloly, Ghost, our souls in-pire,' was sung. : Then all rose from their knees, and the1 Bishop of Molbourne going to tho tiblo, and. thoro Btunding, iho chairman of the Building Committee pro-entcd to him the title deeds of tho laud, which the Bishop laid- upon tho table, nfter which ho addressed tha people,: invitiug :hom to ask tho blessing of God on their uudouuking. . All then knelt, and the Bishop procbodod to offer up a: prayer con secrating tho new building to preiching, : prayor, and tho celebration, of iho sacraments and ordinances of tho church. -??'.? Tho various articles and plucos in tho build ing used for special religious functions wero then in turn consecrated to their particular Uses by the Bishop. The Bishop of Melbourne thon snt in his' chair.nnd ;. ' ; ? : The Chancellor of the. Diocese, Mr Justice; Hodne'iv'r'ead tho 'Sentence of consecration,': and tho Biihop hiving signed it, ordered it to; and to be registered ? , , ...... '?? Tho hymn, ' Hnly, Holy, Holy,' was then, sun;, after which the communion service was proceeded with. The opUtlo was Bev. xxi.,; 22, and tho Gospel;- St.- John ii., 13. The; Nicono Creed was nfteronrds sung, and thon ' Tho Most Bov. Dr. W. S. Smith. Bishop of Sydnoy and Frimito of Australia, preached At tho conclusion of tho eermon the Bishop of Molbourno began the offoitiry, and the1 choir sang the hymns ' Victim Divine,' and : 'Tho Church's Quo Foundation.'. The holy vessels wero thon delivered to the Bishop, tvho placed them upon tho table, and consecrated them. The communion being, done, aftor tbo lntt collect, and immediatolv before the Bonodiction, the Primate recited! prescribed collects, in which -ho asked tbo Divine blessing upon all who. had had any part in the erection of the Cathedral juBt consecrated. . ; ' ? The blessing was- next pronounced,' arid the proceedings were brought to a close by tho singing of tho h; ran, 'Jesus, Wherever Thy Peoplo Meet.' Tho procession loft the church in tho re vorso order in which it had entered, the con gregation remaining standing till it. had loft. All tho bishops and clero;}, and a vast number of tho laity, partook of tho' Sacra- ment at tho closo of the consecration servico ; no that it was nearly 2 o'clock bofdro tho functions of the da; woco concluded. : Aftor the consecration eervicos wero over: tho Governor, bUhops, clergy and a l-rgo number of ladies nndgontlemon, about 400 in all, partook, of luncheon, at tha Town Hall, when various toasts were duly honored. The Bishop of Kiverina will.} preach in the Cathedral on Monday evening.' 