W()USE OF RIMMION a OIRT or TH?" BLACK COUN?TRY SoUTH STAFFOBRDSIRE. 8, JEANIE OWYNNE BETTANY, Author of art SaEnC'S Two LsrACxns," aI . CtRPTER XLVh'L.- I'ortra). S"eaiuh. I have only one thing to atk you. Izraw mors about the world than you do, eabsh. If ra do not ant to be asuspected. :dao. p tLo ome friend. You need not tell aewb,. If yo promise me this une thin?, Istll go away contented. ('outenttedl No, tthut. tnat t will be mote eudurabl., that \- 4 I can say." "I 11 prnmtIe yon that, then,"s id K riah, fed she a, morving away agatn. -Sot cue wort of farewell, Ke:iuh " he G'od"-bve," she answered, pastig on. t ha<!almost hoped, when he hdl sao fr yeted to her wish, that she would have given s :.5cet farewell from this cold "gocd.br,." Bt her manner was such that he dared no k SeauC. The Keziah he loved could never t'e taerr from him, he felt, than she was this it. wte l outside now; bt there word, fallwed hin a raked whisper, " You will urto forgive me." "lf?-.gieyvo,"et said in a low vrci~; an. disppeaed in the darkness. Awd Idworthy. half beside humself with "rief ad airiving, and unable to do anyi~tng, -at?hed the aot where her fgure had di at n ti his eyes were strained; but wher he would not- rather, could not. Sal when at laot he had gazed so long that his ,e, grown weary, drooped their lids, he drýly tuced his head and :red It the "Nomat has ever been o wretched as I sn,"?ethought within himself, "so wretched ?nd i powertessa" And while be thought this, the immense hammers came down upon the sr,,a dfattened it andcrushedit. "Oh!" I thcah,o" if only I could ptre my ead one omm. under that hammer, and end it all; itro?ldbe soe on over." He remained lony gtirg at the glaee, and atrceIy thinking. A?. w~a too rh la tumult withn4m. At last tbeesne rnseaou that be must go away. If were not in Leamington in the morningr, \--! might any be bad been with Keziah. ,hv,?tl never ay that; andhe staggered acd the ppsce and walked like a druukcn It had ceasned mowing aems time, oand the s wo very datk. Snow blackens almoat f tafans in the Bla Country: and it cr:t be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white seet vcer the earth. It was not deep now, and was bhlkened as it had falen. At ltlu e struck his foot against ,o=metirtc: itwn cly a risingfootpath, of which there remsay in these ueighboarbhooda, atot, and enm somerimes a vard, above the road. lie .rr??ed along this footpath. It vermedt o be ri?g down all at once. oe felt hiselfi fall. r and the nett onsotitn was that water Sar dcaver his head. CHAPl'' XLYII.-Tro Gn.Esr BiU :si. Atb.ed .... "I ri l pl'aw:.n r.y !ch... SDI tt.d r.-tee.' ?dt Keith waited before her own Lhu,. a lEIh longer, she would bare setn the tights re srparin the two front bedroom windows: icr Zr. ackbit,. heting made an effcrt to go to ed uif nothing were the matter, had fcrnd e-lf qute tro excited to sleep. "- it," to aid t himself, "I'll hare that fool i:=L.eer p, ?ad wet cur throttles a bit." .nC Mr. lfackbit was deeper thanu rir, ier fiv him credit for being: thcugh he di 1 let th.irCt gametimes when he was dru:k, they venn wre things that told againat ~itrel:. Toright he bud driven Ke:isa forth, and ao nOtal hat been his demeanour that no cne apge.d it. The servante knew she had not e bhoe. but they thought she must be etay. u at e mother's, and of cours they knew teler than to ak Mr. Hackbit a cuestica. Ir. Ei=pler, fioding Itsckbit at home on his team, imained Retiuh to be in the htoe. He Lad liewise imagined Ho.kbtit to be iscrant cf what had occorred the night before. Sowhen Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, ndta. r.mst his head in, asd snid. "Get p, inler, I y: lets have a drink," ho merely lh seht Hklit had pa'sed an unpkant d), ard meant to make up for it; and et up 'Jy, very qdekly as satkbit thought, for do n o wt know Mr. limpler was sitting Bted by the window. lhn, Mr. Pimpler had fumbled abn t the ?o a httle, he lit his candle, ecmpletl his tilet u if it had been morning, and went WAirs. He looked in the diningroom=, kfhand to Mr.r ackbit, Re w~* arpriald. ie went into the hall and li'ened ; he herd a 'ment in the kitchen, and went there. "acy, what are you doing ?" he ahed Et, who was prowling ab;ut with a ' I g ?i:nE to get some wood to litight a fre othe draingroom;" adding, with great a' ila?pti of grander. " We'll sit in the draw. IS , Iimpi?er. I'm a rich can, and hobal Tr ,W. Why shouldn't I use the best room "Al; ritht," replied Pnlmper, iaruod. .that's your look-out you know. Only I -'da z't have thought you were sucth a foci as etell aycne you are rich." you Lre act the outide world." "o : and you're shrewd enooph to know I htila' .w ao any came. That's it, isn't it, A large Er was soon burning in the drawing -eOs, Lhat with the nusual q eantit af wo?o the llows which Mr. linper plied. bit cwt down eonpmlaently, with two or teibottles in front of him, also giuc and " , rP.imler, how should you like to be "Oh, I don't know," rplied rlimp'er, in Enmtly. trt I s ay, lmpler, by Jove, we are "IC ont.0ey, old Rimmon and I. rtO yt know ererything, but we could sur I yto a bit. Soma peo gae and arce drt -n' n eem" o' their noacy. I t lgl tofbe ~ brandy, And h?e poured lthca lif nh t t ga'ud tool' -_n ught t ?:blinkin. , ,, What if my tater was a *meaa Into have a plase among eoun'ry ,, '., - them. ,okeuworth 11.1 R is to ,.5,I mea to tyke it. I'm getting richer t 'l ?I, a l, hang it, why shouldn't I e g w'el r? Ah, RIimpler, though " - e, tay ahetl envy m If I, : mmon is content to live in Q ,-y, l the httoc forl m I'll live for ta." he took another draught of " " d-- me, IRimpler," he went "? sso'u e pleas:ure in living when ? buy a horse, or what not, that irme noble lord would gire Iis head for, just be. cause yOU'eO the longest purse. IB Jove, Idgie h any ed ikce I'd givte L a tordn i' 1 thought one of them All this did not arouse Ilhe iotert antd o. paths in ir. Itimlker whiL it night baesdon Lhd he not known about tihe miesine, palusa. The mano who knows that the heat honr in a race has been drugged and will break down does not show astouslinog acentleess i nit hrck. inog le loan of liitie :and throejioilt Mr. Ilirpler's life he had necrly always ba?ked Its o 0nor, lie rather enjhyed the joke of hetriug Ilaulkit run ona. howeer, ad pi couraged Iim to talt. SI.llhuf sale are the grantest iestmentare," sid ltackbit. " while it can bto kept daok: and my enlwrienec i.,1 he went on in ar~ennino ton,, 'that people who have hIcu s'old up have sot spirit eilsnos left to go to tarn withaVis al.'"tit, neither cure they the cash," neld' he Cur t iLno a laugh. ?' io you kn,, is the Lecidsih , Timrosn Int !c t oay en a salaryo I . Isoon taghthium Iei,.n. ih'vei ul mole than he's lidl, rToe. rh-re's a day fr s- very di;, andt It eveh do; bare his day," Tea," e,'r. t!:{i,:er tsscuted, " lt errs log e hise - is . l my dar'il ?m?o next." Anr he FprtnIetl to 'ip his brainly, , i),os't cosut iyr ciihkeus btefor Lthey 'r hatc-ed,"replied llackbit, whowassuw gettinog ouch th?e wor'e for dirk. "I dt't us uallre" retcrtil Mr. tr.iup!er. " Neltherd. I cet trunk, and s tsee double n m are t ,unting thenm, slter they're lhis was a Ilre bit too reined fotrliackbit in dh pred" t yeonlitin, ho he tlok offene,'. tton ? Id you, do you mron to say I'm "'etainly not. I\ dOv, you've oniy hed half. ,a·-b,3tll." I: was not long ISf,om he had th wt,-ile b t:le, ar his apliearnce begia to salrmso l -imeier cot a little. lie ullenly hung his heal titsan, andt Ioik,;t I wericng. At out he intently littr hii eres on the dcr of the rorm. limprler iuroiuntasuil c".,- its tle same dire.tiiu. He cutld see nothing. " Wlhat is it i" he said to ile ct oit. ! c it el ;ntl a trcmt-lil- hand towards lh, 'soar. The han I had growern ver bcony since he hafd takn to e.rinking teurio-slv, for he had eaten hardly enough to kecp bld- and s ul o s gerr. '" hat is i: '" iqluire l ::mpir again. " Dn't you see, thoen spide:a ". "I can'try I do." SThat you mt h e dronk, kors md, Look, Ilinpler," he sai, rri'm ino agittion anol tr?os:!isng all uert, "' have you ever seeu such lar. enidse a YosY can't ptoend yos don't Ie theoa. I-T;-, thee ate rimsin cach other in two lies ; and they'll cane dotwn they are co:ning edown. Thsey're coming at me, and they're?ot-onwign igger." lt:impler eamne noro ant more alacoed. iloakb.t cutchle at the tahledt'h, nid tried to get o the thable; hut he could not and the tahct loth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the fctitr. "' h," he cried, shaking till the very ticor shook, ' the cloth's full os them too. SoEhow theysspread their l'gs at.dcome on. Oh, let me get out of here," he screamed frantcall'. " T?e walls lre aoserd with them. Are you a devil that you won't help me t" And crith one more effort ts escape from the ream, he fell fa downwards upon th ground. We will spare our readers the horrmaor of the scene which followed. Joshua and lavid lrtmmon bahi came. Ou Rimpler's rtlest ; and bs the doctor's e dagestion, Mr. Saltring was eeltcraphsLe for. lIe erred about 11 o'clock so the morning, andl withhim Dr. Towers. lle lad trought this do:tor on his own ree1cnsi b:lits, havig such great faith in him ; and he totk him ups:airs without any erema y. Mr, limermn acs battd in a chair,' looling the vliturn of r oery;: llac?bit wa sleeping now, and bresanlhig very hea?dly. Dr. Towers dranced to the bedside and lifited his eyelid. a ,tund ad looked about the room, hout ld Sno inR. " Ihe'llgetbcotter now," said Mr. Rimmon, hoarnJy; "hei one to sleep. Oh, whata night we'vehad." He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Tower-, cquithy. "I have seen cases like this befcre. 'It is a pa?ablseeding to dthirims tco? . Thbey leep todeath. lIn donothing ftro it: ;o lhd Vtter get bck" W'a it a bit," ?tid lrt. ?altring. "I wrnt you to ewitns something." He tw. w hby white, Tie walked towards the x*,. He laid one hand upen the man who was L big his last dep, and raised the other hboe s i bnd, and lookrd upwadta. "Itcallo to witness," he said, "that I waill never isell one drop of any intoxicrtlng linnr again. And I will rid tposIl of any property I now possess that is the sul of th sale of drink." nIt raised hand fell hby his id, and be faced round and tooked at the asto?ished Jonha and rowtn. "There is no evil ta great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether the poor writh drinks it at your oter or carries his Loua'tl home The ed the same," He looked upwards again. "I ray the Godof pity to forgive ma for the great wrong I hoar done the human race, for oer haaing sold or cren giren away a drop of t poisena of guls. p1e1oratscn there can be none. Teev:il ddorte.' And Ms. Salting actrred his ftae with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt rg's ne 'k, and ald roothingly, " My g?oa fied, ood judgesusby the motives. Csuld tau, ?h o hae the best heart in the worlJ, Lase ever meant to rtutu eona i" "t' emenber the tproreri, doctor," returned Mr. S.lt ing, wirthl?o taing his hands from his f-oe. "' iEr; is wr::oght by want of thought s we:l so want rf !'lr,.' This has hercnh: it came to re, brough t it home to me. Within the last tw:lve sornte," he a~id, raising hE. white fae and loking at the dcsctr, " craes of s'iits hat e left my shop enough to bring this" -tand he idicated with ht hand withouat l?dook .h a..' thes'h bed-" t eartor trsayhow bnao lnuee. COeOr, Ilenr. tot osPreaw f. I hotid lke tohare seen enrhut I tc-'tfa her. I o one h?ad sold Ithebrody.hcblylds't htie hsgl:ht it, and he couldn't hare drank "l!e di-ln't hp tEe Ltredy of yco, at any rate," sl Jashoa litmumc, rousing himneld to "Than t ntars on diffe rmne," rehed li Mr. Saltriog. "C e, dartor, let ro go. ' lnt whie he poke, all three norticed that the olindrtbedhd f ed. Towenlxkd a momenr, and a?are' n,!r. tidLnmot'. ltak, "iis's gone, porr eloerw," he s aid. CHAPIT.I XLVIIL-Tox Toerts Goon UtP s'-e ISa ier'? Ezalrlorator. It wqu aosnt the middle of aanory. Thomas Ilawbit asy in Jmley .e cme.ry; and in the windows of his horse wMa a notice. "To Let" SNo cne sth made ay earrb for e.tas. tihe wans i?, nd d nd.woroly was mising. Toe fact smed to .euhin tlerelres. Thusons 'if iroimn ws ditsgenod. Mr. bielmp" lod been engaged bh Mr. liimtaco, ntwawsrow residing in hi hotme. The hhy w ak.er, too : and \Wilanuhid mace to nurna him, Dor. M itmmon' reue. The other er-rnts had Ien d iscdea, MrI. Iock• hithad leftro will, u is often the cue with thuse whose busnes it is to make wls Doring the last few week Mss. tinmonml hud aged risbly, and seemed so near breaking op that her inox stte foorme~l a Frinipel reason for Mr. ltirmoni's egrageg Wilson. Mr. Iitman's hole had grown ory reyr. and he walked with a slower step, with his head lrnt fowamrd, sadhit shoaldere stooping. In:t lwre woo Ke.-i? It wa. growing dark one erveing when a glret of her former old-yeas a ghost even ot her cangedes-if-catered the gat of The Hollies at lowdon. Mood had bonn watomg at the window and sow hopeach, and few to opm the door. Keristh fell into her arms, cryng hyterriealle. "I have come, Mind, like a beggar. to'teg shalter. I hove no pride left noew. Mand." and hai. earried, haf led her into her farourite sit itn.roim, .?oing over hsr and calling her her toet darling, her oen daring, and her own Xicr. In an inctedibly obrt time rrlreshmeit was hooui't, and the poor wanderer was teltdsad wormed..Mnud, fiittong hither and thither, swawt as in the old days, armed most of the things with her own hoods, and only tended, and forebore to question her old fried. When I~.eish hod eaten, and wu warm, her head drooped open her breast, and oti fell aleep. .1saud leOkOd at her head. Whe?e were all the short curla gen i The hair was sim quite dost e to her bead. And bccheekts, how snken they were Ltnd had placed kr self so that the head might rest ar st her, and camreeed it tendeuly with her whita finpgen, and dropped .telding tent u.on it, srd re mained eraopeal in one peoition for nearly lo h?ou, rather than wake her darting. Then Kallh opened r er re startled cpt, and told pesaiirolt and quicly-"Look, I will tell you omething. Don't snd te nat just yet I b,.setf and mid. "Oh, I was dreaming. I tho" lt I was hartkInthehopialagain. Oh, Maid." els reitt, fiinnpir arms about her friend's neck, "? glhe t it is true I•m here," Then Ktdslo drew~bd haI bed wv into her friend's eyes iquilinogl. "a)o you kotwi' abe asked. lRase yuuhea.rd "Dearest i.T," replied Maud, "if I have are heard, and if I kucw, I do not reproach "fipra?ch me?" said Keith, looking ruoled. "Well, rye. I did provoke hins; but I sun repeanta nol, Maoud; will go back to him and beg his fortireneeu." Was it loaihbi that .Keciah did ilot know that her Lushand wxm 'lcad It seemed to. She h.d been in t honpital, it appearcl from her couv tration. Shie might know nothing. "Kiy,'" she satd, taking the worn face letween her iand,-the face that had nothing to recommend it now lnt its pathos-" Ki.cy, you will never, hiack to your huband. Keoish start'd, not at the tords she had heard, but it the tone. She ltked for more, and did nlt n peak. " bi.r,;' my own love, you are free; your huoil.nd'is detd." lieialh tlung herself upon the rouch, aid snbho d brsmtri-sllty. "Oh, that I hat teen a hbtter wafo to him," she cried. "Oh, that I had been a better wife to him. It might never have ended ?.' And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Ket:iah, and laid her head e.sidte hers, and wept with her. She was weeping becaue' she believed her fr:end had fallen. "K izr." she said in her ear. "at least if you did ;o away with hm. you have letthim now." Kiah started up at the words, and looked her friend in the face. "I-go awaoy with hhn, Maod Who dares to sayr it' Msad only cried. "Thank God! it is not true." "Truen, Manl:" sid Keziah. "No: I have sunk I wr, but not so low as that." "Oth, Kizz, for?ire me for having believed it," ulid lnted humtly. " But oou sae it loked to tmuch like it. that you an hlie should both disapiear." "lie disappeaor!" exclaimed Keziah. afridhtedly. ' Is he notin Leunington then I" "No ho has never reen heard of since that nigt. Your brother Jubal came in here and told me all :,bout it." ticial tlootked very quietly into the fire. And then. as if suddenlyr rec llecting eaid. " Where is your husband. Menud ' "lI i iin London. Li.'r. teing examined. We will not talk tof him, if rou don't mmnd. Ant now. Kiizr, had tot n ,u :tter go t: btd ? I dou't think you ahould talk any more to night" Fn lt I mut know one thing more. Of colurse, my laby has gone to father'si" SYes. and Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keuiah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly. "Then I think I will go to bedl. Maud," It must have teen about 3 o'clock in the morning, whon both Maud and Keziah awoke with a atart. They heard a fall and a terrible crash. " Whatever can it bei" said Maud: and she flung on her dreeing?gown and went out. But though she searched the house all through, she found nothing wrong, nothing brokeu, nothing displaced, nothing of any kind to account for the noise. Still the sound had been so lond tand of so startling a character, that neither of them t old sleep again, so they kept their light burning andtalked. Keeiah related toherfriend how she had wandered along the road to Wover. hamptcn in the night time. and then how a break came, and she could remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the Wover hampton Hospital ; and she was told skh had had a fever. When she was well enough to go out, they had gvetn her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Maaehcster. Then, about dawn, Ke'ziah fell asleep again; and Maud remained awake. The sond she bad hoard had been eaectly like the smashing rf thohalliamp by something falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indo^dto end a night of wondern and tilence. Stewas dreiaincherself when a postman's knock came to the door. SHow early the post is this morning," the thought. twas not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed and fell, crying, in a euffocaling voice, "M.y darling's dead, he's dead." Kaziah, weak though she was, gained her side. picked up and read the telegram. Ye, he was dead. M3aud lost her consiomsneu entirely. And whenat last the came to herself, it was only to cry, "He is dead! and now he will neer lean to love me again." She became to ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He order?d what is always ordered in such cases, and can never be obtained-rest. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Mand wept in com pany. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars came. Tom Towers had passed his examin lion, and had gone to tie hotel, and right up to hisroom, whicwas et the top. And by ac dent, it was believed, he bad fallen over the b'ansters from the top to the bottom of that great building, smahing the hail lamp by Lis Inside was a letter adtressed in his hand. writing to his wife. "Itead it, Kiz'y," the said, "for I eannot." Kinr opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her facet - "I have pmeds my examinaton, Mand, my own much-lared wife, and shall end it all to. night. Shall I tell you why? I can bear life no lon'er. It was I who committed theaurder poor iworthy was accnod of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I ought, rethape, to have died and never tld you. uint you might hoer cf it some way. You would bear it bettr ccmir:ng from me. The money I hve had from you at different times has been to purchase the silence of a man who saw me cmm.'it the d?ced. "And now with my last words I leg yn to fcrgive me, and to believe how well I have orted you. The man will t ouble you no more when I am gone. You wil!, I know. Leliece I did not mean to do it. And now I enter ca .nother world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I em cure you will. 'Yorr. Ilrasrsozn Ilroorne'." Ke.oih dd not show this letter to 31ud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of "ec.idcntal death, due to over- excrtvment from examication." Mand never ?saw hi, body, and never ecre eaw the ccfin. SOte felt it wounl tave killed her. lie wan buried in Manches' ter, in the cemetery where he had so often cslhed. CIIIP'ZTR XLILX-r-JrtI ra lr'zrs mn: Ucl-z 10 nie W~rs or Son.?. In the afternoon of a very dulnl Satutrday in Jannury, two years after Keiat ,Iachbht and sand Tiowera were made widows, prreparations were being made at The Chestnout at Bowdon for a party which IMr. David Rimmon was to gve to come of his nephew's friends. Jubal, who now booots of something more than down on his upper lip, and has grown broader and handsomer, stands with his hack towards the drawing.room fire, hit hands throust into his trouenrs pxkets an his head poised super -liously. David, anxionsandnerrous,watche his nephew's face, as if to learn his cntent or dmiontent in it. "Well, Inbl," he remarked, puraing oei hand thoagh his hair, which wa growing very snty now, "des the room lok like otherypele's now? Dnyoutlioeit ?" "W ell,relly, ntcle" "rplied nkel, breaking into a light hlgh and hnwring a bshining row of teeth, "ue I hoe all the ibns,, it would be praising myiel if I said I liked tem." Darid heoked both his thumbs into the arm hols of his waistroat and lobked quizzically at his nephew. "Yes, aof eourse, Jubali" he said; "but is the furniture properly put min the room? You see I'vre n other room to compare it with." "Oh, yes." JebIt allowed, "it loot well enungh." Ite had got into the way of not expruesingmuch pleasure at anything. "And uncle, if you don't mind my mentioning it, perhaps it may be as well that you ehould not put your thumbs in your waircoat arm-hobes bfore the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to toke these things for indi cation. you know. And," be added, without .oticing the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in questiou, 'don't you think really now that you oold manage to ae h'a joat a little? I shouldn't tike to hear the fellows decri'be you as 'young Himmon's nec., innocent of h's.' I'm sure Meowin laiughed when yonu asked him to come to your 'onse; and after all, it's a simple enough matter to cay 'honse,' and so much hangs on it'" Poor David wu completely in a titter, and ell the more likely to show badly' before the ".fellows" on that account "You Tee, Jdbal," he iaid, not at all crosty, "I never bad much schooling; Iwent to work when I "And there's another thing," satid Jubal, fahtig. '" Pry, don'trefer to the time when toh tent toe The re alow impatieneein the tone in which Daeidrtpii?dto this. "It may ha int eay matter to yen. Jbal. Bot at my tme at lif it'l's tay matter. hae managedtoge t on and make alittle money witouth's; thoug I am sure I didn't know that I talked any different to other peopl, before." "That's what I thought," sad Abtl, " and for .tha remion I draw you attention to it. Dfo't imagie that I wish to hurt your Pt 'iiwihad hart hie ntle's feetinga, and ery deeply too;bot he, with his ?rtive .am~li i whki eisted dtepit his c I of h's, did not turn upon iias nephew with a rude rejoinder, as that young centleman would certain!y have done, coldd they have exchanged placeu. Neither did hn wouni tubal's fdoling? y telling h!r aof the enrd .o h.ld indict thereby proving himsoll the true gentleman; for are rot all the rules of s?a'ty fonndnl upon this basis, the avoidoce of openly wounding the feelinmof other . "Idont mind altering alnything," said lbºad, "it I am able t1o ot, and it's fr your ." I thought you'd take it like that," returned Juba. " Lou'r' es awfully gest fellow," If Jubalimagtedthat this lrve woul heat thewound he bad inflicted, he was mistaken. Ile hail robbed his ounc,' of conlidenre, end given him ruitrust of himself in plaeo of it. HIe hod called his uncles bear, anm thought that patting him on the head. sad saying, " Good fellow," as be imight hae one to a do, woul muite make up for it. lie might have re. membered that even a log who has been well thshbed rather resents th?n is grateful for the pats upon the sore plhcee given him in to?en of recoanciliation. But on the strength of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded, I Jbls thought he woull continue the lesson which hal been so well received, having no penetration into the real state of his nncle's feelings; as those who do not love scarcely ever hare. "And you know. uncle," he went on, "gentlemen don'tsay' Sir' to ono another. In fact, there's little neees'ity for calling anyone anything. If you have occssion to use a name at all, you from your position might use the surname alone, as soon as you know them a little; otherwise you can nsay r. So and. o,' lut never ' Sir.'' " Well, that is strance," said David. " I was brought up to think 'Snr' the right thing." "Never mind what your bringing up was," returned lJubl. "I'll tell you the way to treat these fellows. You must iretend to look down on them instead of up to them." "Is there any necessity at all for that f" said David. " Why shouli there b looking down trlookin u t" "That I Just what it i," Jubal reolied. "There's always looking down and lokting np. And so yon must look down on these fellows, or tLhe'll 'eon reckon you up; You musn't remember anythirn except that Too're a manufacturer adJ n rich man: and these fellows may be swells and al1 that, but I can tell you. letween ourselves, they often don't know which way to turn for money; so youn've no need to let them look down on veyu. Anl now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into yrar. it.so hattyou may have time to get usd'toit a bit." This suit was of a ulttcrn such as Davird hba neverhad on before. But, as Jubal had bold his uncle, he dressed altogether out of his position. Yes, I'll put the suit ou if you like, Jubal. I'm ufraid it won't look very wets on me. And you didn't tell me what thesre round tables are for, Jubal." "Oh, never mind about that." replied his nephew. ' Come and have your clothes on." As they paused out at the dfor. DIavid looked back ruefully at his metamorphooed drawing room. It was very pretty, with its rose. coloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet, and strange cabinets. But David's drawing. room was gone. lie could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on :lat couch. It made him tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the room for anything any mret. iEery. thing was gone that he wante,. and everything there was useless to him : and there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when he looked at the spot formerly oreupidl by an old. fashioned bureau which would open out, and on which he wrote his letters, and in the drawer of which he kept his camomile flowers, from which he made herb tea, es be called it. It was hard to see this spot occnpied by a perfectly useless thing with glass in front, through which could be seen a numbcr of very ugly curioities. However it had been inevitable, as the new suit provred to be. "There, uncle, you'll look something like, now," said young ltimmon, stanlingat alittle distance for the purpos of judging the effect of this new tailoring achievement. "It doesn't feel very comfortable,"-Davia remarked, ruefully. "It's too tight around the waist. I must undo this button." "Oh. no ; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil the effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you see, whca that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in your waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." "It's very hot and uncomfortable up hers," said David, feeling towards his chest. "It seems too thick somehow." " If it's hot all the better this cold weather. They always puit a hit of padding in there; it makes the coat sit wedL You'll get to like it." "But, really, I can ature on.. Juhal," aid his uncle, in some concern."l can't wear these shoes. They hart me. I'm sure they're two s?:es too small." "You didn't say so in the shop. Ie.ides, it's all rubbish. If pep!e have teen used to wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy their feet are oarined too osely in a pair of ordinary shoes." "But why can't I put on the pair of dlippe that Kihry worked for ran?" pleaded Dand. "Oh, if you're going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. "I'll try to get used to them," said David. "l'earsp, if I walk about in them, they'll get easier." And hbe made the attempt. "Ohb.h.h," cried Jubal. aglst. "You mustn't limp a"but like tiut. T'i filowasll roar." "Perbsps they'll get erier just now," said poor David, " cr tse I shLll really be obliged to take them off." "Oh, less you, you'll cet tuel to it, undce Ererybody's boas hart them, only they pre tend they don't. I'm sure mine do; and, you see, you've always the advantlae of being able to gut on same big shCew when nobody's here." David was silent. He was rumi.ating. If society made such demands as these, it must eu'ely hare some bhg return to cve. David cctli not exactly ee any return, but then thuat was his ignorance. Taking advantage !of the iletce, Jcbhl went en talking. "I'm glad that the.waiter hos arrive, in good time. I shall gro in and ?ire him some directions. And mind you don t treat him as if he's a stranger, andl Ead in for the evening. You must order hira about well. you know. And you mustln't say 'pleae' to him, nor ' thank you;' plop!e never do that in soucety." I'Poor bred felt himrelf in a labyrinth of new Sfcrmalities and ideas. Hte knew luh troubles w I rent over. Children are to be pied sone Stimes when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards learning; but I how moch more the old pupil who takes his frst lesoes at the tyrannical and merciless schol cf soedcty. CHIAPITLR L.-.JrraL's FioTw. As a;ght o'clock apprached, the bell rang, and asvid trembled. He had beaen told by Jhbal that he must recerive the guests, and he inwardly wished that the earth would receive him, But the earth is not kindly in this respect; and though for indetnite cntones she has been frequently called upon to perform this oficre, she has but rucly been known to c. cede to the demand, and in these few cases the result has probably not prsidced al the sats faction desred. The waiter announ.Mod tbhe Honourable Pl ham Wintcrfold and Mr. Allan Dernleigh. David nereonsly shook hands, and slank into the bk- gounud, while the new arrivals ex changed greetings of a freer kind with the nephew, whom they called "Rimmon." They appeared to have dmed, anad ere in ?strikingly high spirts. "Snoug httle place you have here," remarked Winterfold, audlresn David, who started violently, and muttered asomething inaudible. "Yes, quite so," assen:ed Mr. Denleigh. thrawing himself unceremoniously upon one of the new satin chairs, and shaldai out a highly. soented handkerchief before applying it to the prominent feature f his face. "Are we to play high or low to-night i'" in qnired Wintertold, backing towards the fre, and remainlng stsationar in front of it. "As tar as I am concerned," said Mr. Den. leigh, in a high treble, " Lhalf-crowns are all the piens I am wrthk. PLyed out, you know, last night Adwful bad luck. We were all at Springwood's. Dreuced hot time of it Spring. wood prie won everything." "I H'e atrine eo sharp," replied Win'rf old. "But. you see, one must be willing to pay a little for cnse' ple..'?.s; cnd his dacghters are denuedly tne girls." S"Winterfold's going to inducethe youngest to marry him and leave the stage," said Den leigh, winking at JubaL. "She'd make a charming 'mi lady.' some day." "Thanks,"' said Winterfold, without moving any feature exCpth his upprlip, which curled slightly. - Mring's not in m y line. B.ides, I don't eoensder that MIuss Juliet or her is'.es would be much good mi electicneerilng and everyt.ing delends on a man',s wife if he ahu a Psrliamentaor carer before him; doesn't It, Mr. Iiimmon?" he smid, appealing to Darvid David was so much aghast at what be had heard, that he could not simmer out a word of reply. He had not anderstood the Lmnver satioin the least; buthewas under the im p-estonthatall wu not right. 8o he pro. tended not a keur when Wmi'ssfold addrsd him, and examined n picture on the wall, as if he had never seen it before. "You'd do a lot in Parliament," remarked Jubal; " you need to have a wife who wo:ld do something.. And I don't think Min Julist can do anythin, untees it's dancing : she can't acttall: and~ a for ringing-welt, I ran't think what Springwool's dreaming about, to put in s many wmans for her." " Well, yaou re." Winterfohl rejoined, "the Britih tbeatregoer ha not a very goo ear for murie, and she always goes applauded. thnt whatever bber nuerits, shea net for me, even if I wiheed it. She's already the secret pro perty of a certain judge who often dines at my ather's table, and preahes n oralit teo my ymoan; 'rothers nd sister." Anotherring at the bell. ".Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Iichmond Scratch" were announce?, Another oideal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as he thought. In shsking hands with Mr. Spningwood, he remarked with cordiality, " Why, I knew someone of your name, Mtr. Springwood: I wonder if it was a relation of younr." "Very likely, indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. ' I've a greatmany about." At which there wea a lood laugh, for which David saw no reason. Where did the peop!e lire that you knew i" went on Mr. Sprin-. wood, with the utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as c!ose to him as he con veniently could, his head perched on one side, taking it all in. "In Stiffordlshire," said David, 'the Springwoods lived I knew. They were butty colliers, and worked in the Troworth mines." " In that case," broke in Denleigh, " I ran answer forit they were no relatives of this Springwood, whon most highly connected in every way, I can assure you ;" upon which there was another loud laugh, in which every body joined except Springwood, who ap peared rather annoyed, and curtly diclnaim.d the relationship. " Don'tlook baek,Springwood,"said Winter fold, aggravatingly, " or eLe you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will sia that the admirable manner in which this gntleman prsncnifes Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowinghim in private." " If I couldn't write any better than that.' said Mr, Scratch, indignantly, " I shouldn't have been so s?c seful as I have been." " h. to be sre," chimed in Denleigh, "you write paragraphs for the I:,i'e .Yr'ia now, don't yon "" "Ifl did," replied Scratch, hotly, "it might tie poible that you w'lld figure in oie of them." " Oh ho," brosefrom the rest of them. Mr. Sheridan ?;iingwood had received a deeper wound than aI:eared on the aurface ; for?hed neer yet plared Ot !lo, though hewan most ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that ho migh?t Lave made this desire of his public after taking a little too much brandy. H lie lkald ie: himself as a spirit in chains, fer he wee at pretent pdlying Blue Beard in hbi iutbLr's theatre, where nothing beyornd lasw burtl.que was everat tempted. Dlarid felt sorvr for him, though he did not in the least cmnt r-.tleat the si!eitinn. "' e yon fond of :.,:ng, sir i' akoel Mr. inimon, forgetting his art. "I am obliged to no, wthethe. I am or not," replied the :btor. ' It is try lrofes slin." " Oh, indeed :" said Mr. R:ismoa, looking at him with a new interest ' I was not aware ofthat." And he e.'re?l at thm, thinking with. in himnelf that an actor looked uncommonly like an ordinary man. "I don't knoew wh:t we've got to amuse yen, gentlemen," went n Dac n . " We might get up a charade, as you are food of actin;." A great roar of laughter fot!:owed this bold sug gestion, in which all jc:ed except Jalal, who loked vary annry. awl rerlarkel that they wre e? nt s inants in eras. any of theem, :.d that they would have a rub'or of whist ? s?con as the other fellows should arrive. They did arrive before he had dune sitaking : and were atnocunad : "Mr. !:ufus lhrri,. Mr. iHanesn, and Mr. MIlwin." After a hb.rried touch of ten!it, the gentle men placed themselves round two of the tables, and David saw nor what they were for. Pacth of cards began to be huYfed. At the table nearest to David, Winterfo!d,Denleigh,Sprirng wood, and Scratch were seated; at the othtr, the rest of the party. The waiter came in with glasses and bottles, much to David's astonishment; and feeling himself quite like a Esh out of water, he made his escape through the open door, that he might be able to bh?eatho a little. ieturning to the room in the ,co:-re of hoft! a hour, he foundit in a state of uproar. A tharp alterca tion was ging on between eWinterfold and the comedian, i which a glses ?at been knecket off the tale and emashed, at which Mr. Seratch ahbstraoedty aimed an empty bottle. David could hardly believe his eye,. Hle was still more startled when he observed Mr. Den!igh athering up haltcrownsa:d1 pcheting them with a de'tghted smile. " They must be rsmbling." 'tught David. But Jubal aseured him this wes no: the case; that each man wold tl given back all his half crowns at the end, when the tarty broke up, which statement was received with na h:rst of applause by the comp::Lny, and which poor Davie took in. David didn't s=oke, and the drawing-room was getting really s?ifing bh means of the fumes of eight cidgsr, and he was literally compelled to absei. t.it:elf. This he did rather unwilEngly: for he was, in fate, any thing bet euy at the course th rs seemed to blntking. Not: khiwi, w:aEt s e o odowith himself, he went into his dliinn room, where an elaborate supper wa. laid. ant he dra:ted the moment when he ,h;clI bave to :it at the head of it. Thenisein the drawing-rrmin, ieJd. He heard a crash, whi-h he: ari:te.r .ts d.:co;ered to be causell by the ial! cf ecme ci f e glas pendants from the canI -ie s, at wh.ich Mr. :cratch habed amed ar.c!he bott:e. lis:dm throwing was tlw;ar a feat-.ra :t his frte r dronken:es. i)Did tht-;ht he wc!td cu:te as toon enter a lin's de:nt o go La " into the draw?ng-room. He waited : r theor t, breat loose uron him in ', t::c::-r-om. when they should choose to have s:ipp:, which they did soon after 1. The drewingt3 n dccr r., f'-:g cltn, and the ps.ty came ot g;ite stca-tily. to Davil's great snrpre: they ci:t not appeucar tb e very mnak. ,abal pr!acel Winterfcld at David's right hand. The rest teck thei ieats as they liked, and with an a:r of be:cg perfel.tly at home. " No i-mearnal'l get ar y yar:gsh from you, Scratch." rentrktd Isn'e, who wae sitting next to him. "hYou'rn rt been looking out for anything, ye know." "Oh, indeed," rep':ed Ir. :Scratch, tyirgc to fn his eye upon th Erc~Per, hbt failing in the attempt, for that cr;'n would wander all about the room ind'f o:tel, and his mouth was stretched into a strange ;.ile, "?bogh he was in anhincg bat a goel humoer. "It's a ry".ery how he lies at all," said MYedwin, who was upon the other rde of Hanson. "Ie's alwayrs sending in wrong in formation." "That's quite true," odmnitecd Mr. Sratch. "You se', when there's no information, wh.at'a onetodoi" David heard this, and a'ked in come anxiety, "AnAm I to nadertned, .,r. Scratch, that you invent thie a to send as les to the papera." " Well, yen see. I most libe," was the reply. David fcrguot to g> on carring for a moment. He was thinking w:thin himself that this ae?onted for stte-ments in the papers getting eontradicaed the next day. At ltt David went on with his work and?witlh a valiont effrt entered into conaversation with Winterfold, who was hedpieg himself to the wine rather freely, as indeed most of the company seemed to be doing, without cer.muny. "My nephew tells me you are at C.'n hride," hE began 'he nicrly said "sir.") "Well, no," repliel Winterfld, with an ap r.oach to a grin."I wes there." "Ah," sasid David,"it's the rvaion now, Lo't it? When will you be returming i" This question was greeterd with lasuhter, epedtallr br Desnrigh, who erplained to David that Wintefold was "'tow"·a for a vner. " Dawn Y' said David, in!erogoti'vrelr. "That ish. h'e not to go back to Cambriidge for a yeor." "Oh," said lavid, "I undeitr.nd you. YIar health gave way. I isuptc e, sir?' "Well, no," replied Win:erct!d, who eer tainlv did Iackinaretty good health. "I was ent 'down. Had a difference w;th the tutor, you know." "Yen," chimed in Deainldgh, "and it was an awful shame, for he woald have been rare to have come out Senior Wranrgl!er if he had Iaid, at of ptlitene, felt otliged to con. tinue the conversation. "It must be very pleasant at Cambridge. I paeel through it ouree, on my way to Eflr, and I thought it looked very solemn." "You'ee never seen a degree day, have you, Mr. Iimmont" bro)ke in Dealegh, tooing off a glans of wie? ashe spoke. David monf~sed that be had not. "Very solemn," said Wmnlerfold, "very. I gotsent down becass I mil"d at one. You're not allowed to smile in the Senate House. And yet it's difficult not to do so when you'e so e full ofleasure at the ight of in mn greahsese. The P'bli Oraltor makes a speech in Laktif." "Haner dffcitlt to fUllow, isn't it?" aked Mr. Himmo,. "Oh, no, rat at all," asvertld Wintertold. "We're examined in it alter." "I dun't quite unle.ntaud," raid David. S ist,"pt in Deuleih, winkiu, at Winterfold, "They think it wail in the universities to train epontanese meomnre, ati one of the mesan is to repro-luce the 'ub!ic Orator's speech." ".\nd a Ie hnhae yoatodo this Soon after. wtidi' "ask- d .iid. b he f ollowio0 Suno y." answered Winter rfl. '"Just before the serman at the 'lar?ity Church." "hdidn't kow they had anything of that sortinchurche." David renarket, con!iderably atoniheJ. 'L But lho?Jd like to know thov trey give the derFtee" " Well, the ice Chancellor, you know, he sits at one end." " DIce he cit waiting for them to orme in P' iniuired I)arid, trying to get deteils. "W, rno. He hastomartb three times roundt the town frat, il gorgeous robes, preceded by two big felowrs with alcer pokers,. and masks on; and then they walk all the way ups the Senate House, when it's full, to hare lettor e nect; alt6r which the Vice-Chance!lor sits down, as I told you..,' "Is anybody a::owed to go in!" asked I D,)id, . "Oh, yes. And it gets pretty full, I can t.ll you." "I trppose you cheer yoour frends when they take their degree," Davrid observed. Winfold shook his head. "Oh, no. we're not allowed to speak in the Senate tlouse." "It's very strange," replied David, " but I've somewhere got hold of another improesicn about that." f" Isinformed," said Denleigh, " miein formed." "The best Irk is when there are ,ome honorary degrecs," continued Wititerfold. "Those fellows who are going to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand as any body else. They quite patronise the Vice Chancellor, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applhud, but, you see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got the Little. go to go in for," went on the speaker, with con siderable warmth; "they'd find it oat, and perhaps they wouldn't be up takion thbir degree quite eo soon. A lot of 'em came and dmne at our college, at the high table, whreal nd to dine, being a fellow-commoner, you know." " What do they talk about, now:" soid David, addressing the fellow-commoner. "Awful rot," replied Winterfoll. "They did nothing but pay each other complnents. I know one was trying not to get out of temper with another-something about the weight of the world. One saidit a eighed a quartcref an ounce more than the other; and thit's how it was, I think." " Ileily," said David, "I ha-I no i!ea that gentlemen went to univer:esit; to nanuo them Sselves-really I hadn't." The threeundergraduates laughed on hear ing this. "Look here, Mr. l:immon," said Harris, with great oole'nity, "I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor got wind of as, and the slrsey let lhm into the house. You're no idea what awful alaveys those lodginr-house ores are. There ought to be a univer:ity regulation to make them wash themnelveso; eou'd ray so if you could see one. Well. whn'n heard the proctor coming up stairs-" I WLht is a proctor?" asked David. "Oh. a kind of cuivcrs:ty policeman," re plied Harris. "I just locked the door, and let those two swarm down a role I're got, into the street, and there they were, you know; and I made out there was cometh'ng the m?ater with thelck, ont:l they had gone clean off, down theropeatsurrate. When the pro:tar came in, hr? r' cnlIyneard mt : redil:g-a.p aýzl opg bho';. Ii, w -s,! le ara.:eld Vheu 1 noked him if anytLing were tl.e iaiter - suite potlity, you cmay be sure. He said he cer tainly ttou:!gt he heard an uproar coming from this very window. I suggested the roms-c oppf,:ite as the esat if the disturbance, and crc, laio?el of the ditifcity of working whie there was such a row." "'chat was a very narrow ser'ta," caid Davia. "1 hape it was a lesson to you all." ("h." remarked Slri:gwoad, deri?vely, "I don't calE that atnrthinof a situation." " Yon try it, that's all," said I)enltigh, Lcal. " f'll try a rope in an:khcr positai,n," saggWed Strutch, who was getting rathe: far g" Ce. and Li. cppei l coneiderably. '" Trt not going to give you the pleasure of writing that paragraph." re:or:ed St:ingwood. " You htad tet:er learn to make u.e of these yrahave. Oh,"hre !Id, turning to IIanron, •' I isb IE half that fellow's chanct. lie's alway1s tsing them. tenly he other day he was .ant -:1i.ally to report cn the health of a eertain member of Pertliamet who had bena - lying at the point of death, and while he was waiting fr reeet details. be banged if be didn't goand eat dunk, and when the detals were given hb. he Oc-'In't understand a word fa it, and tlo.re s, no;t:ng in the pro.-nex: morning t-:out it." " But there was a jolly row," S:netch a~llwes. "1 w-no'r tle, hod e::r more to da with you n tbh- Pi' or,"ob,?eel. dM- n, wh,:tl et l.::t!e, :": genro:Ir r'-oaed 1t to,:ke thus iO :le o' Lto te. - " T'Le~r wbh:. to value." lid Sratcrh, i labo'r:sir,. " It's mo:e than ye, seem Ut." 'I tel you acher tl- g s -?.th oil," re marke: H.an-,:. "Y -u; I:ilmo 0:-ca't kmg' !:, ]:n ?Itc. ILc'o Lt' : : ''c rnL. - pera.e et., Lee zd W i"teild wi reprI':--.c -" .y d0 :i.:L tee:-:O rc-f:i c." "'You a.a-'t eia- .a:h i,,io t,a.t te esr-.. w-- ' .w , .oe n ?. .e.-r. reIie d :t,:c w.: : to was e red- ,.v-', L.: o- ch's .rad ea I:, :: L t r ito:- e:a, and dr oh ' e he nod c lan-rit Tle trr s.,:a:. eTa.: "em, tihe a . ry aslre Sin t: iet- :i. ~nd:. jurthalf of therpei a was u rc--d in '1 raper n"'t day, ndt'e cop?t:;-st? &at; rube '-c"i' u- p to r.tar' nn'-'' ' ' t"' coa-" Ito wan't the c-" ." reh'o 1a . h. 1-r he::'. pIc e: o,. o: look .'' a it ?O iedwc. "& eb.:7:,, :, : , f: i I t he, who?. e im wny the ?'a.;.:r oi: te " a d- ' :tha wc r ;' turln a'teeo Fer." said Ho :':.n. " .H. rL youhan Li hIr' furl· .h: dIn'lt so dr.;r'h to the. meeing a-d fe ! a ' eet itha ea.t :nto ed in te hy o the hhow. ' tke wrat bea prt, i: w, t. ICIar n, Li," wthc o' his joit d on?.I.e taool a'. nyto r I c:et-t N to:. an now he ran tbe what "-ratht soneir' thet ho 'ba ::t like t ',tiho siae -her-r brard, d ,c:t.bwih he belped I him.elt n0te!r w-. h he torned rcer a .hcn ' atlr e I:1'nprooo. and nnoc-nc-i hs intera tic?? of dong if " liter did o --tulrt his ahe:co. '"She erx s ,o ].:e f?r me," said t-ernal"s. " than if I w'' r'-c-yJy," w'-c h waes probalty " "t-au. Dlait h;en h o .e athrer ath the puer'ac s-pcrie .rhoe ge?.r'ic. . 'c arited, cer e er. B-?-u ro:t.h '-c ly lrormiod pn w-odth: tba 0 u!l ae;te w * '.' tot o:: ioinae!h | .}et v:L? e sr " lbr!]ale e t;-]e -" Lorn " e, "'4 fellow," he * n- , "cc sdallerit. e d1n an t na e' wean in-w?t ay, and'll'l1 : no ' "i·' '.o S" -n--w d and 0-rsc'h e'ook t'n-0, I and Sratch inistrd biooel' to l1n- at Spr r' - wraod't the following 3e? d.y, whert he .woald catohag limnje cfi i'a Jojie: befare the went Here, wto:tr anr pelude, Mr. Den!cigh a tnconc d in sng hs n:otenotia 0 ao going home till~ morning. All the ceforaye, e·cepl Dlvid, joinedhim in this, nods groat noie eenoud. It was aeut3 ' icotk in the nmrn.ing when a shol of li tht ekotaoo :he oath from The Cheetouts, sod seven nollikin Egigure turned ut, still inristinr that they were not going hcme till acrnint. Moot .f thorE had nol far to go. fortcnately. h-at Sgringroaid and csruh hd to gyt in'o the hEarl of Mancbest:r rnehow. As a uatter of fat. they didan''et i homeat all that nioht, oeiortLo 0r. Oreatci's sittinrg down on a stone in the high road, and rtt:na gtostir, de:lsritg in aePlchbra toneSr that?o thie as toe headstone cf the grae of hit fallen genius. As for Jahl, he wan stretched at full lengota under the dianirSore table, until his une! and the waiter canned 1dm anlsiMas the former, wrtchedunsd daed, not in theltaat knowing? Dwhat aietn to take, and repeating as lttery hite t rhkad adopbted? ?r CIAITFtR LL--Taa D oSLtC-Io . About two mil-e ctide Bsoeken wae a dreary stretch of tend, ronctise chiefly of teltla.., A oledb thorck inhersitsed this piece of waste, s?d 'rotrd willows of gloat and werd 1ropetictslo urttIhhc le its banb. No other trees were tobe ee-n, with the eexeption of three tlitory straight popar's that stood sentinel over a bed of ou er The land wa~ pel to ,o hort of sae, sad bad a .Ia-lt>4J-O! ' eor5aen upse. rnvrry to be tos with, but not esndlyto be for~Itte. No ernraooeldthee, ro co'ttag?crs ade ,? of the deserted place to , run ot ;s or duchi cout, no bIrds ever Oer-ial to be Singing in the inre!iste uihb~t OrbO.d: not vync a onthe er rased th!ere, thengh his favourite herb was rmeet obandant. A nsarro footpcth lay right oct,-s it by the side of the brook, andl Ensnlt c:o,'ed the brcok by a litthle Lrid:e, with a ral o: r.oe side only. The path was not mut l work, ?s there was a more d:re:t ro.t than soctrs .,e tield- to a!most any. whre it could lead to. At noe season of year it nearly alwt Ler.eame Efooded. The people who awned this land lired in an ctd-isehiored great house, situate in a valley aboet half a mile di,?aut from it The reader might conclude either that there wasno master tothiasesahliehment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the c:aoe. Colonel Iknleigh scarcely ever left the house, which everyone else in t devoutly wrsiel he could leave. They led bht a dr-ary life, erx rpt when the colonel's oephew and a chance friend came bonme from Cambnide, Mrs. Itenleofg, a tall lady, with tunch to teest of in the way of antee.lrs, and an indeec-i?ebe air of never f r a moment for getting that she uted to be young and good looking, invited such eiety as could be got together, considerina that her tbshund was a confirmed inalid, and a thocueht too t:kely to qunrreland that she was encumbred with rather plain daughter, who, if the did not' know that she was p!ain, had the ee son pretty well drummed into her in her duly contact with her worthy prent:e. It will he imlgined that Winterfold's advent was !rfecr otFdend. " For who knows," said .Mrs. Denloigh to her hc:sband, whtn be was in a rather Ibeter temper thin usual, which was not taying much. " but whathe may merry Amelia o:a our hands ? I do think there's nothing so disacreanhtb and irriating to oeo a girl reta. morj.haod into e old maid under cue's very "Nce of the other fellows that have come here Lave married he:," retorted her husbaod, snapp ioly. "Everybody din'St uri a b.re fool 0s 1 wia." Mrs. Denfeigh was o accustomed to this kind of remark thwat thr-wutt o without r:tidng it. " I't of no nee to taie .Ar-lia to dinner parties and to ?all. hhe d.e,:' t show there. She shinesin adonistic !,ht. Therefore if we wisi to moar h.r, we menat bring Young men to stay iS tht oe and e . el e -e it." - ' If ,he Ltd:ces in a ",t'eCsti: thght," said the irrieall faltter, " It's more than her mother does." ThIs converati:o, with slight variations, took plate at tl:st onre er tarie in every van tion, when Al:n lo?po'sed to bring a friend home. On Sarday mcrn ng following the party at The Cheonaus. the clknel, with the aid of the the butler and one or two more servants, had been landed in the tbratfast parlour, aed was angrily looking a ut on a dreary stretch of lan. and a tarially floo.n fibrond atthe bottom of it. There was no n:owna!,er, and this always vexed him. It was the one drawback to Sun day, in his orinic. For this reason it was bat peeviehlr tfhat he teyrld to the greeting of Wintete oad, whi-o eo:red the room as faded. lookg aous anu rain:ed beauty appears at he breakfast-taboe alter a night's revel " Molni::;." grarnted the colonel. "Think we sleil have any skatingt' asked VWirterfoti, r=bt?og his blooelehot eyes with a 'How can 1 te.l?" railed the colonel "The -a:Lher'r voato.l to do with me. twiat they'd ?ong th rea fat I akatin here's Allan "Here, uncee." id that gentleman, entering bthe race as wsete't-cut a hs conpanrnio. ' pD xou want me for axything?" S"W'here's Amtcll" '"Hang it all, orcee, what's up with you this mornioa:" The r?-I-ne! Wae Lo reply, but continued to :aowl trt'.;:: ::.e ri: low. When Ao-r1 .a coe :a. and nodded to he cu-tin and hi ecm'-raeicn, and kised the colouel's for?2ead, he s atet herself at the tableto 6r :,pens tL h:eakfas.t, which bad been Shought in :r. er c t:rence. Perhaps showas a tefe vi:a, but he tlocked very pleaant, wbi:h wae a creditto her in reah a pltce. 'Are ye. F?" to Leip :,;e up to the table cr not " id the croneltl to his nephew. "t Why, c .t a'ot, s:." repli d the individcal. b ant you tu: , t in a diolrant manner." tLad \'trin'ealsi ci cue s:e, and Denleigh Ga i the other, e-'red the br:stling colonel to his ac a 'atm'd ter.:. (onrer-:i', ian nott realily made, as the two soung gentem - n had headaches; the elder gent]ean a 'on eral coe all over, produced by conm ,t`L I?':be- sm and guut, which. in fact, had crip-lend him. As for Amelia she never t.lkd mr:"-rte:hp t' eoe her eldershart se: her the eay:plt of talking a gr at deal mte: than ther:? ..i have done. tl.n did. how 'Ce', i'. : ' ? -,d aned Mr. Winteriotd Sga::." c',:r:l: with her. " We y a. wel cne," satd Dicnleigh to his -crapt:ic, r. :her than in answer to his ncouni. S" e cmay seev t?e cr! ." S" Wi_, gis::'. i.;u:re?d the colonel. "Wet .o-e'Ivoa:hetruth.,wedon'thnow." " replid .l: t, "tut we know where they live, and I wish oiat 0ould call on their folks." " What are they l:t? e" the eoloel proceeded to la c. w : a eL.w of jtee?t. , "atls:r do :t l to describe," said hi nI r.h?a. "T.eev areb:th tal. B lt lthink :the ar;: cr-s ti;e preotiest. She's m.re , st:Th?e .:ics.e Rh was always desirous to add ato :. t.. a? , ane any eae-'looing women, n eal:z:oiveddred that his wife ahould callmpon them, whoever :ey were, and invite theamto Iki neat ~ ner, if the could be got to s e. Sut he remark-d, aloud. not being able to ex pFe's :'t a to- wife at the moment, thbttfe d d ld w: e:i. Denkig wotd'leavre off that o.L:: ,f ,I , breakfret: in bed, and coae down, as ay o:h'e lady wculd. e e k..:a~ s ro Inished, Mrs. Iteaeih i - arIs. e.: dZ:rsed for church, "Lac he:e-, alnt."' begon Allan at oa, " I1' show p;. thoe young ladies spohe Cf toa-dar. ,.v are ssare tobeat charb ad 0:.e w::.t? a :oC ca Cn them." *i .. 1 . ~ :f l: ect ua until e fard oc a - thr :'," saId tho pronud lady, 1witha Sha:r a.n d:trinfu look at her huasebud. '" If ,?ny ~-e2.=ea are contemat to make in. S':,-n:i:ate a:-amin'anea, they can scartely x"'e:: L-' mes t' fo'llow? uit." i That crg:l, erchurthDet celg'hma ?ed o fee toe Lector', wife tointrodace theadies i ;i Ies':: 't, s a- ar. After a few comman Sis'·rter.k, eh i '.c poa.ed on, and Mor . Deo-e-gh a'. the - h c',r's wife who they S"oe r a' :e 0 smeow w~ho lire together,"' r: tLea es,'. "' :'tr quie:, and keep a great de2l tto Jte's:rel. I have heard. My hna oL , oau ..?-s ot-:: g th :l: Ihotuid gt then S2-I' 20 ru r:on to tell e-c," old Mrs. "Desk :k ,.:,t .at one w:ch the shor: black "h:Is L w:w.e:*._ · -atli:l: eboy. I I are , t- -o :'..: ~:. ho re:P. But she " -v prso 's?..!, az d od 1:ay let youlok A fe!r -ms:e I:ter, a' they were walking "a : the:2 ,, -,.:.'g- -n t. -w e.- lan, fre bhave :: . Ve i. W 'u:,~J id d two bLack tip E~I·. n- r.-l .nc tthes deaf thi "re:._ e : .: a:rd ":he ht:c to bh frietd; I a::d 'n ::3 :'..e l.- avs of their oen par:y L 0d t'red r" = - the c0mer ehich ed into tteir ewn ic.::.: , WVin: rc!fld and Detleigh made a tE?0;.rlracUS rh townrds the little ! bride t- it :ea - cr-s t ro, k into thebs woa' lant, at t:e. ~:ekd lei.irely enough towarL tie two fda.d andong tignete. ' "We mu:: tie oh coraLato, becaus, youse, aw hae l-.: i:t-cd:ed," ?sail ;V;Wnterfold. " We'ne cc 'a :3 w:t for them." They rre aite "" eo tht Lalies Low, and off wet the h::s. T-e ;wo ,!gis toac?d shrh'ty a.d I gr el. , a: 4 ":. 1 'a , t . k-t:i t7. ;,'her. SThe -:g= wore tnew un: :.n whit to do. e"We 'c-a:?ored aon tor 0 tt h !enrad," sa, D-e.':-:. Theen he. b ck l to come baek th-s way, c:nels th, so byh the hit?ch roand; for that way ,ea* 'o ucn e enes t tn rb houoe or elso followm~L 6 =. Deaced check, whichevr it '." A: -o :tLe lnsraer p?i.sed b o ther , they :r'i ed1 ai:h a a-gL:y sltae, ~hwhi he n~u- e w- ca- e.:-ry htaghly. : - ,.T--'-?. If we nay troat s alere r.per at Bomber, tbe Hind"n -rno is r ado,-med. A mcetoag of tmrnt of ":" Ctchete 'era (erwal caste had eenu hel at : Mdr;e Blndcr, when it was resolsed .t hererater the'r women should wear a *I:wo: in the Lose, instcad of t?he customn: tn:~er::. Ift wae staled that the wenr: ugf i.-.t -s h:: al s!ll nt " much O.t fahjratia?s co.:t::.l" aud it wao furher re c~ried tha: if auy roman were in futareto wear a noe.ig,'. .h:e woald le "liable toa tfn of, lord. .s. r:nL..t, in add:ticu to iorfeitu??e of the cram:?te?s." 