THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. ''I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Kow, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buv the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadnl got. Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on Jo say:—" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Bees ton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, tb* latter eo thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to * fill-up' Mid my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited u great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. 1 had a racking oough, ahd would eongh and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me of air. So Icame to Darlev Abbey, and my former master gave me an recommendation to the Derbyshire In- P^l^v/J? u , nd ' however, that all beds in the hospital were full, and I saw Club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. first one said, ' You are in a galloping and mutt die ; the other doctors, sounding my lungs and chest, said but shook their heads. "Getting a trifle better my old master me to do what little I could in his and grounds ; and some days I worked little, and then would be away for a few Things went on like this until December, 1888, when 1 caught cold, got very of breath, and broke down completely. I always coughing and Bpitting up phlegm, as much as a teacupfulat once, and afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites oE eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were lips and mouth were dry and and 1 often broke out 11140 4 ^ cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease, and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ' I can do you no good; I can only patch pou U)\ because your lungs are diseased ' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a oough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said ' Well, you •coii'i cough much longer, vou have merely to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour, named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Scigcl's Syrup? 1 and told me how he had been cured after being in th« hospital He spoke so much in praise of thi» medicine I sent oiy wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores in Victoriastreet. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink and vomited. Then 1 fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and havo never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup far nurrUhs I was strong as ever in my life and havu continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbev, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged". Mr Gaskin has lived at Darlev Abbey 22 years and bear? an excellent reputation, what was the complaint from which ho ^ ^ Z ^ T I ^ ^ galloped into his grate in less than three months instead of growing worse fur soven years. Jli' complaint.was chronic inflammatoiy dyspop-,ia (or chrome gastric catarrh), which ha ? lung B often C n P* ignorantly ,mB hk ® consumption, mistaken and for wrongly which treated. it is so When the right remedy. Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of tlie digestive traol do yield to thai magnificent preparation. We ili*arti!y congratulate Mr. GaHkin oo his recovery, and commend the facts of his caw to all thinking people. 332,9,46vz 