DRAMATIC NOTES. Now tbe Ibsen burlesques are coming (says the.B«-Mnoiaasini^HI^butmbattalioos. They wen a long time on the road, but we shall soon have mon than enootfa of them. Mr.J. L. Toole opens the ball with a travesty entitled 'Ibsen's Ghost- or, Toole up to Date* in whioh ' Hedda GaUer4 wOl be tbeparti cnlar subject of parody, and Mr. Robert Bochanan-s ?'Heredity' goes on at tbe Avenue Tbeatn with an excellent cait The latter is described in tbe official advertisements as ' a new social drama by Robert Buchanan,'' a phrase which is somewhat at variance with the announced fact that the piece is an adaptation from the Danish (but pei haps thisuaBuchanan joke), and the authoritative rumour thatit will be found to satirize tbe Ibsen plays generally. We expect better things of tho Avenue prodoo tion than of the burlesque at Toole's, although the Utterwfll have tbe merit of showing Mr. Toole in quite a novel light-that is, 'Up to Date.*' The Era says onecannot help wonder ing whether the Ibsen chapter of British stage history is dosed. Tbe present season has been, m actual results, disastrous for the Nor wegian playwright Four of his dramas have been acted for the first time in London, forone night two afternoons, five afternoons, and a few weeks respectively; and the rmaours of futon productions, once so loud, an beard no mon. If disoussfoo be tbe best adverfae ment, then has Ibsen been advertised ad Mm-seam Bat so far, it is vain ; the gnat playgomg publio does not take to him. That it n shocked b} his work is very doubtful— for the most part of it merely stays away. And vet it is mon than likely that tbe effect of Ibsen on our stsgw on writers, actors, public, and even Managers will be altogether out of proportion to the apparent remit of these IKOuOCQQOB* \- According to the PtMMIaU Budget then an rumours ot some trouble at the Savoy, for (says that paper) within the hut few days no less important a person than Miss Nellie Stewart tbe freely beraktod prima donna from AustnUa, has resigned the role of the heroine in Messrs. Dance and Solomon's new opera. Tbe precise cause of this unhappy state of things has not transpired, though it is whispered that the lady was grievously vexed at ti» discarding of the original title of 'The Nautoh GirL' Presumably, as the Antipo dean artist was to have played Beebee, the Oriental dtnucute in question, she imagined that her position would be lowered by the fact of her being ousted from the title role. If this is the true reason it is indeed a legietable one. I have no exact knowledge of Mas 8tewarrt capabilities, but I oanaasun her that tbe London critics and the London public— who an mon important— an not in tbe habit of rating an operatic soprano one jot lower in the artistic acale because the name of the piece in which she appears does not happen to be identical with that of the character played by her. Let us bops for an end of such absurd strife, and a quick healing ot all difficulties A new melodrama by Mr. Henry Pettitt will be produced at Drury-lane early in AuRort, rader the title of 'Tbe Saflort Knot? The hero wQl be played by Mr. Charles Warner, and that actor win probably take it on tour in the provinces after its run at Drury-lane. Dion BouoioauhVs drama 'Formosa' baa been produced at the Drury-lane Theatre. Mrs. Xangtry was engaged to play in this piece, butat the last she withdrew. An tbe sympathy of tbe audience (says a London paper) is against Formosa, and the Jersey Lily did^tthinkibe would like that MissMuT ward wifl now appear in tbe title rote. 