PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. YVkbnesdat. 30th Seitkmiikil Tbo Sl'E-tKKit took tlio chair at fi.30 p.m. ANSWER TO QUESTIONS. Mr. MUNRO, In roply to Mr. STUART, said he had not rumiivcd any inforniatlnn respecting tho report that Cliimiso weru landing in largo uuinliern jn Wat Australhi. Ho had communicated with tho Government of Wunt Aimtmlla on the Hiihjoct. Mr. MlJiNllO. in reply to Mr. Tavkunkh, Kaid ho hud noL iiuuli! any nrmiigcinonta for tho rcproHontn- tiou of Victoria at tho Chicago World' Fair, and iio liiul very groat doubts whothnr any honollb would nirruo to the colony if it woro roprcsmitod. Tho only ponslhlo thing tlioy could oxhihit that would attract notico would In- wool. Monufuctureil 1 articles would not provo attractive In tho United States. Tn addition to that, it would coat between £25,000 nnd £30,000 to havo tlio colony represented, a nd in tho present stnto of thu finances ho did not nco how lie could Incur such a largo expenditure. Mr. MUNRO, hi rcplv to Mr. L. L. Smith, said that oonlos of Baron Von Mtioller'fi work. Select J'jrtrit Tropical J'tantn /or Jnduntrial Culture, or A'uturalituttion in Victoria, woro soiling at 6m. each. Whilst willing to give copies to moinhors of Parlia ment and free libraries, ho (Mr. Munro) did not think it would ho wise to distrilmto tho work broad cast over tho colony. Tf any momhor or free library applied for copies they would ho stippllod. AUDIT DEPARTMENT OF GREAT BRITAIN. Mr. G. !>. CARTER moved that a copy he laid on thu table of tho IIouso of tho letter, dated 17lli October, 1887, addressed by Mr. E. Kington to the premier of Victoria, on tho system and inothod of the Audit department of Groat Britain, and on tho H'opc and operation of tho Uouso of Commons committee of public accounts. Tho motion was agreed to. NEW BILLS. 'Hie Crimes Act Amendment Bill, tho Dcfoncos a tid Discipline Act Amondtiionb Bill nnd tho Mnrrl- neo Act loDO Amendment BUI woro received from thu Lcgislativo Council, and road a flint time. SUPREME COURTS BAILIWICKS BILL. This bill was received from tho Legislative Council with nuiuudments. Mr. TURNER moved that tho amendments ho. agreed to. The object of tlio bill wan to provide that appeals from courts of putty sessions and from tho court of 'gonoral sessions which woro of cotnnnrntlvuly littlo importance should be tried by a single judgo, who, however, would have tho power, if lie considered a case of suMiciont importance, to grant an appeal to the Full Court. Atpresuuta lot of timo was wnstml by threo judges being rofpilrod to# hear those trivial casus. Aituliiui uiiiuiuSinuiit piovidud that a litinoii ; arrested in ono bailiwick should havo tho right of being convoyed to tho nearest gaol, whether that gaol were situato in a separate bailiwick or not. At present n prisoner had to bo convoyed to tiionenrest gaol within tho bailiwick in which ho was ar rested. Mr. STUART thought that tho proposal to glvo a single judgo power to finally decide n oano was n sweeping one, and it would placo too great a re sponsibility on one man. Mr. DUFFY pointed out that tho business of tho courts was much in ttrrour, ami tlio state of things bait been brought about mainly through three judges being required to hear appuals ill reference to potty cases. Mr. STUART : Why not have moro judges? Mr. DUFFY : Tho judgo hearing tho appeal would havo tho powor to remit tho case to tho Full Court. Mr. TAVI5RNER: Why do you tako away tho right of upp -nt from a single judge ? Mr. DUI'FY : A single Judgo will only try casos which are not of primary importance. Mr. BENT thought tho Postmaster-Genoral held a very different opinion privately to that which ho was giving publicly. Latterly they had heard judges state that they know nothing about certain laws, and possibly a single judgo would find him- fci'lf in lite position of having to hear an appeal on a question of law with which Uo was not ncqiminlcd. Mr. BEST strongly di.ssontod from tho Post- mustcr-Uenera). Ills experience went to show that liligunts did not appeal on trilling. matters. As a rule they did not even appeal to tho highor court on questions of fact Thoy would not appeal unions tfmy saw thoro wero grounds for difference of opinion. Thu question simply resolved itself Into one of law, and he would prefer to seo tlio judiciary increased, Mr. ZOK looked upon tho amendinontn as a dan gerous innovation. The judge could sit in court or in chambers, and if ho sat in chambers tho same publicity would not bo given to the case. Mr. RICHARDSON, in viow of tho opinions that had been expressed, hoped the Government would not press tho nmendmonts. Mr. MUNKO pointed out that tlio amendments would cheapen the law, and provo n great conveni ence to I ho public. Mr. TAY LOR entirely approved of tho clause providing that certain appuals might bo heard by a single judge. Thu legal result would lie swifter ami cheaper. Tho motion was agreed to. CONSTITUTION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Tin debate on tho second reading of this bill was re-umeil. Mr. HARPER did not think tho Premier had made out a good case for tho bill. Tho pro- p"»;ri that members should draw salaries from tho date of election ought noL to hu hi tlio hill at all, us the fact of u member being elected should bar any further proceeding in that direction. Even if lie were In favor of tho proposed alteration of tho whole electoral system, which Im was not, ho would object to tho method in which it was to bo carried out. lie differed from the opinion that anything else than otiiMiiun one vole wtis inconsistent with (lie democratic form of Government, and had never recti tiny argument tiiat convinced him It was right. Mr. TRENWITII : Of course not. Mr. H ARPER considered the statement that nil men were equal wicked and misleading, Thoy illicit be born equal, but thoy did uot long remain equal. Tho various forms of social development b id always placed the control in one head, ami uo democracy had ever recognised tlio right now n-rertud in manhood suffrage and one man ono vote, la this colony tliey excluded people who could not nod or write. Mr. TRENWITH: But if they havo property it d es not matter whether they can read and write. (Il«-ar, hoar.) Mr. HARPER: That was ono of thu things that boo. members should havo nmendod. if tlio demo cracy was ( o be effective, tlio best citizens should have control of tho State. Mr. W. T. CAUTER : Tho difiiculty is to say who are i he best. .Mr. HARPER: Tho question of a natural right to vote, as laid down by Rousseau, could|not bo argued, hut those who did urguu for it could not b'gioally oppose thu vote being given to Women. (Hear, hear.) There was no validity in the argu ment thai thoro should be uo taxation without repre sentation ; because, as matters now stood, a iiziitirity was taxed without representation. Those i lnnirovcd themselves good citizens by providing f-.r tliemseivus ami families, and forming a stake in the country, should bo preferred to birds of pi-sago without any responsibilities. The richest ricii should not bo put in the position of tlio test. A man who had £200 had as much s'ako in the country, to hhu, as tho mail with £20,000 or £30,003; ami tho industrious mechanic should not be brought down to tho level of tho tramp and Kwagmnn. In thu "interests of democracy, that would Iio going in an absolutely wrong direction. Thore who had a stable interest in tlio country should have a proportionate infiueneu in legislation, Tlio properly qualification came in with tlio consti tution in Uio5, and in its second session thu Parlia- im'iit.whichlhad been elected upon a property basis, was generous enough to introduce manhood suf- fnm In 1862 tho .system of electors' rights was Milistituted for the placing of manhood suffragists on the roll. There had never been any organised (Uiempt to alter this state of tilings until thu intro- iliR-tion of the present bill. On what au di uity was tho Premier asking tho Uouso tn pass a bill to tako away tho property vote, which had never been forfeited. lie was tho hist member who had boon to tho country, and did not briievc there was any desire for tho change, because there was no reason for it. There was possibly n,ine irregularity in tho compilation of tho rolls, ami a system of making votes by cutting up properties in tho country, hut there wns a good deal of misapprehension underlying tho movcmciit of which this hill was tho outcome. Tho pro visions of tlio bill wero a departure both from tho snirit and the letter of tho law. Wero freeholders to bo placed on a level with swagmuuV IJo believed tlio country would resist this levelling process. Thoy must walk warily, ami beware of stupid legislation following from tlio socialistic and uunrchical demands of those who were reeking to dostroy tbo country. Bofnro thoy took another step thoy ought to havo the whnlo qiieidon inquired into by a royal commission. (Ah.) The Government in bringing forward tho bill had neglected to consider several important questions. Mich as the compilation of the rolls, tho revision of the rolls, the large expense of elections, anil nil amendment of tho law so as to provide that tho Micce?sfiil candidate must reeeivo an absolute majo rity of the votes recorded. Tho present compila tion of (he rolls was a disgrace to tlio country, the revision of tho rolls was equally absurd as it was at present carried on, and election oxpunsos woro far too heavy. Through a plethora of candi dates it was possible for a member to onJy . represent a sixtli of tho electors hi his district. All thesa points, ns well us other phases of their electoral arrangements, should Iio discussed by a royal commission before tho llouse finally dealt with such proposals as those now submitted to it. Such a course might lead to tho return of a JjoiHu which would bo a real reflex of tlio ponplo. j hev should luvol up and nob down. (Hear.) Ho felt amused at tho Premier's references to tlio I'N'pcriuuces of America ou tho question of woman's suffrage. The authority tho hop. gentle man quoted luul admitted that hi America they had not women's suffrage. Asa matter of fact there was not a State in tho - nation that enjoyed women's suffrage. Mr MUNRO: Yes; Wyoming! Mr. HARPER : That is a territory. Mr. MUNKO : No, aStato. Mr. IIAHPKK: When was ibinadoaStntc? Mr. MUNRO; Twelve months ago. Mr. HARPER; There was not a Stata enjoying women's suffrage. It had boon carried in a number of States, but it had boeii vetoed by tho IHionlu. . Mr. MUNRO: No. It has not. Mr. HARPER : At tlio timo Mr. Bryco wrote "yotning was a territory nnd not a State. In tho three territories of Wyoming, Utah and Washington women's suffrngo had been affirmed, but discon tinued. In Utah it was discontinued because it was felt that tho law was being worked in tho interest of Mortnoiiism. In Washington it was cancelled ou coiistitiiiioiml grounds, whilst Wyoming was a terri tory witli about 20,000 inhabitants. Mr. MUNRO: No; 130,000. Mr. HARPER; And tho United- States had a population of 66,000,000. In Wyoming, at ono i/110' <"««« served on juries, but tho systom was UHciuititjuod because it wns found that when men wove taken up for certain offences they had not the ghost of a show. (Laughter.) Tho lion, gentle- man s quotations from America had dismally failed, Run Mr. Ilryco himself acknowledged that women's sulFrage was not so strong there as it was 26 years an0' yoni#' thnu it would not exist at Ml. He woukl uot give way to any man— not even to the lion, mouther for tho Eastern Suburbs— in thu Admiration ho had of women, but ho had too much respect for them to bring them into tho dirty busi ness of politics. (Laughter.) /» . ' SMITH : What did you come back for. . M''- HARPER did not consider it a dirty thing to cuter this House, but tho household was tho proper place for women. - ; You said jiwt now that politics vt5 HL'uhest business of life. (Laughter.) Mr. HARPER: I will. not answer such an inter jection; It is absurd, (ftutglitor.) Mr. THEN WITH : That is too thin. HARPER : Tho present proposal was simply an experiment. If there was an'ubsolutc necessity tor it no doubt it could bo tried, but there was no reason for the proposed chango at present. Uo tJJjy "tany ladies engaged in visiting the sick ami lookmg after tlio poor, hut hu did not know ono 12? wdld seek a vote. What did tho womon sky upon tho subject themselves? Mrs. Lyimo ,iu Hie / XineleaUh Century, strongly X?stul Ifc, contending that the proper place for women was in tlio home, aml that tfic cradlo laid across tlio door of tho polling booth and bar/od the "A0 Sc!iata M was intended by any ono organisation to rush this question through, tho wiifdo country should rlso ami stand shoulder to shoulder to resist it. Ho you mean tho National Asso ciation'/ (Ifiiughlor.) Mr. HARPER: I do not mean tho National Association. I moan tho people of tho coputry. Mr. I KENW It'll said tho statement thalull men wore oquai had nover heuti made In thti sense In wiijcli itliail been taken by the lion, meinburs for Melbourne and Rotirko East : bub that all men were born equal in regard to their rights in connection with tlio SLato couid not ho gainsaid, although thore were circumstances, after their birth, which properly created differences between ono man ami another. Tu tho eyes of the law, all honest, pro perly conducted men should have equal rights and powers in legislation. That thoro was no example ol ono man ono votu was no argument why thore should not he now ; hut, as a fact, there were several instances hi tho world in which ono man ono voto was tho rule. In tho United States thuro'wnsno plural voting, yet no ono said that property was nob Hccuru. \ nndurhilt, with all his wealth, lmd just one vote Jiko any one of Ids mnny employes. South Australia was another example, and Now Zealand lirtd also adopted ono man otto veto, and tho exodus from tho colony was notduo to that stop, but to tho extravagance which took placo under plural voting. J lie statement of tho lion, mcmbur for Bourko East, tlnu, in this -colony, mon who could not road or write wore excluded, was similarly incorrect. It was only as to tho man who voted by manhood suf- fragelhat the quostion was ralsnd. while tliosu who had property could voto for his different properties whether ho could road and write or not, ami thus neutralise tho inlluoncu of 20 eduuatod and intelli gent men. A man with 50 unimproved lotsof land had 00 votes In different constituencies, but if ho sold thorn to got tho inonoy to start a nsuful industry, iio lost thorn and got only one vote. Tho best tost of a right to vote was a man's having made pro vision for lihnsolf ; and therefore, thoso. ,l.u»!?rnU8- , I,orso,lrt who never earned a shilling for themselves, hut inhcritod a competency, Hliould not havo a voto. Thoro should not bo any distinction in favor of real property alone, x'ho man who spent all Ids money on hooks and had n library worth £20,000, and had read every hook In it, and held tho very best kind of property for thu purposes of legislation, would still have only one vote, but the hon. member for Bourke East made the only test the possession of freehold landed property. Such property as books wanted more care and protection than land, which could not be so easily stolen. Mr. MURRAY : Look at that mallee land. Mr. TRENWITH admitted that, through the operation of plural voting, great facilities wero given for robbing tho Statu of land, and exploiting it in opposition to the interests of a considerable section of tho community. Tho tramp and the sun downer wore fast dying out in thoso colonies. 1 ho trump was a necessity of our civilisation, ami thore were fow more useful people in tho country. In 03 casus out of 100 ho did not record bis voto, because ho did not live long enough in one district lo qualify him. He nhould be provided with tho moans of oxorcising liis hilluunco upon tho legis lation of tho country. Mnnhooil suffrage resulted in this . colony from tho fact that most of the pionoors had loft Great Britain on account of itho cramping legislation of tho old country, and took tiio opportunity hero of passing more liberal laws, i Iio fact that plural voting remained in our system was more tlio result of an accident, coincident with tho making up of tho rolls at tlio timo, than of htton- won. Now what had resulted from an accident was claimed by those who had llio una of it to bo a right. Tlio majority of the electors had expressed thuir opinion against plural voting, and tin's bill was- further justified by the voto of a previous session. (Hoar, hear.) How could tho abolition of plural voting qvorsely affect tlio farmers? Tho farmor who worked and lived upon his own farm would continue to Imve ono vote, and tlio tenant of tho farntor would not liavo less power tlmii IiIh lenillnnl, whilst tho fuel Unit all could only have one vote took away tho unfair ad vantage! which other people at present had over tho farmer Property was lo a great extent its own protection. The law was intended to protoct life and property, and should protect to a greater degree tho inan. who had little. All men must havo Bomo property or thoy would bo put in gaol. Every possiblo argument proved tho absurdity of tlio contention tluit tho man who was already powerful should Iio made more so by tho operation of law. Thu fact of tho lion, member for Bourko East having said that tills hill was tlio result of socialistic and anarchical doctrines showed a strange confusion of ideas in his mind, for one ami tlio same proposal could not ho duo to such opposite causes. Tho people lmil made up their mimis upon this question, and it was absurd to talk about a royal commission which would sit for years, ami bring up a report that would be forgotten before it came on to be dealt with. If an employer residing at Toorak wjih given ouo vote for tho placo in which ho lived, and another for Ids place of husinoss on the Yarra-haiik, thusamo rtilo should bo applied to his employds. Ho did not buliovo tho electoral rights wero used by Lite same men in different dis tricts to any considerable extent. That was provided for by tho present Jaw, and any ono who infringed it by making a falso decla ration to tho registrar could be dealt with criminally. A largo number of men were not olifiihlo to voto bccauso of tho difficulties that wore thrown in llio way of getting electors rights. Thu ono fundamental minciplo was that every man was equally liablo to tho law, ami should have an equal voice in tho making of tho laws. (Hear, hoar.) Every argument in favor of one man ono voto was equally in favor of women, provided they asked for the franchise. (Hear, hear.) It was : nob n fact that 30,000 women hud asked for enfran chisement, for ninny of Hie signatures had been obtained .under pressure. He wns in favor of women's franchise in the abstract, hut did not consider that tho timo had arrived for its being given effect to. Tho abolition of plural voting should nob be endangered, by tacking women's suffrage to it. (Hear, hear.) Tlio time for private members' business having arrived, the debate was adjourned.' LICENSING ACT 1890 AMENDMENT BILL. This bill was considered lu committee. Clause 1, short title, was agreed to. Ou clause 2, owner or occupier may aurrendor, Mr. TURN ER moved that tho following words bo added after tlio word " may" In tho third lino With thu consent in writing of the mortgngoo if any of such premises or of tlio occupier's interest thurein. Tho object of tho addition was to provide that where tho property was mortgaged tho consent of thu mortgagee must be obtained. Mr. DEAJCIN grantod tiiat the rights of tho mortgagee should bo considered, but there was no necessity to place him in such a position us to abso-- lately debar tho mortgagor from surrendering, his licence. Tho amendment would have that effect, unless somu condition woro inserted, limb a mort gagor could pay tho mortgagee off at any time. Mr. G. D. CARTER thought tho hon. member for Essomlon took an unfair view of tho case. Their duty was to protect existing intorcsts, and the clause should be amouded on tlio lines suggested by tho Minister of Customs. Mr. RICHARDSON agreed tlmt the mnrtgngeo should bo protected, but feared that tbo addition of thu words proposed would nullify thu local option clauso of ttie principal act. Mr. TURNER: No; it only applies to surrenders. To got over tho difficulty raised by tho hon. member for Essomlon lie wbuld alter his amendment- to rend " with tho consent in writing of the mortgagee, if any, of such premises, or of tho occupier's inierest thoro, unless ho has in writing offered to pnv off the amount of principal and interest secured by such mortgage." Mr. G, D. CARTER: Supposo lie offers to pay and then docs not pay? Mr. DEAKIN thought 'this was a peculiar way of carrying out his suggestion, and in some cases it would seriously cripple tho clause. Ho would sug gest that tiiu Licensing Court should determine what compensation, if any, should bo paid to tbo mortgagee when called, upon to surrender. Mr. Dli'IUIAM concurred that each mortgago must stand ou its own merits. Mr. UAILKS pointed out tiiat this clause was in tended to do away with the nocc-sily for local option polls. He would agree to tho Incensing Court having power to dclurminu Llio amount of compensation. Mr. ftOX thought tho Licensing Court tho proper body to determine tlio amount of compiMisatiou. Mr. MURRAY held that some provision. sliould hu inserted to prevent collusion between the par ties. Mr. BAILES said there was amplo protection, as it was not obligatory for tho court to accopt sur render. Mr. TURNER withdrew his amendment. Mr. ANDERSON : While wo should protect tho mortgagee wo sliould not glvo him the power of ruining tho licensee. Mr. TURNER moved an amendment, giving tho Governor in, Council tho power of approval of sur renders. Ho said a largo numbor of owners and occupiers might agrco togethor to surrender their licences and obtain compensation from tlio Treasury ; .and it was only fair that tlio Governor in Council should havo tho power of saying whether tho sur renders should ho accepted, and so prevent applica tions for unfair amounts being made to tlio Treasury., Mr. BENT objected to tho people of Brighton .and other metropolitan districts Wing taxed to buy up n lot of shanties about SobnslopoJ, AHendalo and Golden Square; which ought to have been closed years ago if tho Licensing Act had been properly administered. Tho amendment was agreed to. Mr. TURNER moved an amendment providing that no surrender should bo allowed whore thoro was a mortgage upon tho promises or the interest of tho'applicoot therein, unless tlio mortgagee con sented thereto, or tho 'owner or occupier paid thu mortgagee the amount of principal, and such interest as tho Licensing Court might fix. Mr. G. D. CAR TER thought there sliould not bo any appeal to thu court at all. Mr. GORDON said the JIouso should not havo theso amendments sprung ou it without notice. Mr. BAILES said tho bill had been buforo tbo IIouso for years past, aud lie wished to go ou wflh it. It was uot intended to buy up shuntios in his or any district, but to enable tho peoplo to get rid of inferior houses without paying heavy compensa tion. Tho amendment wns withdrawn. Mr. G. D. CARTFUL moved as an amend ment— That tlie consent of tho mortgagee be obtained lwforo a surrender he granted, and thu amount of mortgage, with three months' interest, puiiL Mr. ANDERSON said tlio mortgage and interest should be a first charge on the payment of tlio sur render. Mr. BENT asked how much inoucy this amend ment would involve. Mr. BAILES: I'm not good at conundrums. Ask mo au easy one. Mr. BENT: Iio never heard a moro barefaced proposal.- than this clause. It would- involve £200,000.' Mr. GORDON said thoy wero asked -to tako a leap in the dark. He did not think the country would lie benefited by this amendment. Mr. DEAKIN said tlio mover was willing to re commit tlio amended clause if necessary. Ho thought itan improvement Thu amendment was agreed to. Mr. TURNER moved a further amendment, add-, ing "that no compensation shall be payable iu vc.spccb of any premises nob licensed before the I8th of February, 1886." Tho elFucb would be to placo the bouse which surrendered a licence iu exactly the same position as the bouso the licence of which was taken away by a local option poll. Thu amendment was ugrocd to. Thu House divided on tho question that tho clause as amonded stand part of the bill. Ayes . , . . . . 46 Noes .'. 6 Majority in favor of tho clause as ameuued .. .. ' .. ,. 40 AYES— 46. Mr. Anderson Mr. Gillies Mr Nimino Dalles Gort|on Peacock Beazley Graham Richardson , Bennett Hancock Smith, C. Bowman Harris, A. Smith, L. L. Brock 'Hunt Starry- Burrowos ICoys Taylor Cameron Klrton Turner Carter, G. D. Laurens Uron . Carter, YV. T. Lovlun Webb Craven Mason Wheeler , Denkin. M'Lcau Williams Derhatn Mothven Young, A. Dunn Mountain Young,- C, - - Forrest Murphy Zox. ( Gardiner . \- V : NbKS-U. Mr. Bent Mr. Malonoy . Mr. Murray Best A! 'Coll Smith, T. On claitso 3, " Authority for removal of licensed premises or transfer of licence, " Mr MASON moved to omit tho word coach" m line 16, and to Insert a proviso sanctioning, the removal of licences to premises near to railway stations where no licence exists. Ho did hot pro pose that licences so removed should he entitled to compumnllou hi caso of a poll of tlio ratepayers The auiundmenb would not increase tlio number of licences, ami would do good for tho public, by removing houses to other situations where they would ho useful, Mr. BENT said that if the word "coach" were struck out thu clause would ho destroyed. Mr. RICHARDSON said thu amendment, as well as tlio clause, would altar tbo whole policy of tho licensing aCt. Ho asked whothor the Government were taking tlio. responsibility of the change that was sought to he brought about by a side wind, Mr. DEAKIN suggested that the amendment should he postponed for consideration. Mr. TURNER said It was douhtful what position tlio Government should take up with regard to a privato hill. In viow of tho progress niado, lie thought they might postpone furtlior considera tion. Progress was reported. ADJOURNMENT., Tho flouso, at 10.37 p.in., adjourned to tho fol lowing (this) day. 