Chips and Chaff. Ancient female (trying to be sweet to a great, football player: ' And do you often break your neck at football ?" " i. Quizz (fisbiag for evmpalbyj: "Do yon snfier with neuralgia?" Fiz (emphatioilty): ' Always when I have it." A little boy rem orked: "I like grandpa be oause bo is such a gentlemanly man; he alwayB tells me to hi lp myself to sugar." Hiss da Hair: "Papa always gives me a book as a birthday gift." Hiss do Moonor: " What a fine library yon must have!" Doctor: " Have you taken any remedy for this trouble ?" Patient: "No, doctor, I have no', but I have taken a power of mediuine." Anybody that knows a thing before it happens is oa'led a reporter," was the defini tion on the slate of an eight-year-old school boy. Agnes: "Jaok is in love with yon." Hsrie: "Nonsense!" Agnes: "That's what I said when I heirdit." Marie: " How dare yon?" " Sea-eickneBS," eaye a modern wit," is tike a belief in ghosts; no one will admit that ii troubles him, but everyone has misgivings on the subject." Sunday-eobool teach-r: "Love thy neigh bonr as thyself. Who is • thy neighbour ?' " Little girl: " Pleaee, ma'am, the folks as bar rows from us." He: " Will yon merry me ?" Pho (play fully): " Ab, dearest, what a risk you art running!" He : "I know it; but I wis always a reckless dog." New Girl: " Piecte, aim, the fire's out, and the oook wants to know whore's tbe keroeine." Mistrers: " We djn't keep kero. line; bnti yoi are in a hurry, you will find a ,mall keg of gunpowder in my husband's toom." Tom: "I say, Bob, are yon superstitious about dining with 13 at the table?11. Bob: I "That depends——" Tom: " Depends upon what?" Bob: "Thedinner." -j; Dashaway: " I want to get a pair of trou sers." Tailor: "Yes, sir. Something for Sunday or every day ? * Daahaway: " I want a 8undiy pair with on every-day prioe." 'Didyou get your brio a-brao home from the oottage all right ? " "Yes, with a marked increase, to t. My wife packed six pieces in a bar el, and when tbey got to the house theie were 30 pieces. "Then you have made up your mind, young lidy, never to net married?1 "Yes, sir; I'll die an old maid." "But if some young man were to propose to yon?" "Ah, that would be a different thing alto gether." Simpson: " Whatever induced your ur.de to marry the widow of a man who was hanged ?" Simpson: "Ho bad been married to widows before, and says he was tired of having the virtues of a former husband constantly flung iu hisfaoa." " I think I've done my duty while la office. I challenge anybody "who knows anythng about it to criticise a single aot ot mine." "The criticism, you will Sad, comos from these who know nothing aboot it, and tbey are in the .m.jority" Two eminent scholars ware discussing ednca tiooil questions in a very profound way not longsiooe. " What was it," said one to the other, " that struck yon most forcibly in tho course of your education?* "-The school master," eaid the other. The miiister was oalling for recruits for tem perance work. " In one little town," cried he, "the/ear* 17 ginmills. That's whero we waut to go, brethren!!* " Yes, yes," ehooted a red nosed; sleepy individual in tho rear: of the church, "let'a go.now.'1' * 'No," 8<id the bachelor thoughtfully,, looks like a b\by, and it's dro/eedi like a baby,' but it isn't a baby, euro." ' "f And why not, I fhould like to know ?" the irate" mother ex claimed. 'Why," said the experienced bachelor slowly, "I've been Bitting here watch ing it for half an hoar, tud it hasn't cribd once." " Soy, you there, come here," a sharp voioed woman from the back steps of a honee o«lLed to a passing tramp. - The tramp ploughed hia way through the new- fallen snow to the steps, thinking the woman had taken pity on him, and would supply, him with a; lonoh. " Have you anything fur me, lady ?" he said.; *'No, yon c«n.go now," said the woman, turn ing into the huu»a. " I just wante d you to walk inhere so you d b.eak a path out to the gate. '. And she tituc r a door, aod bolted it,;leaving, the tiamp to improve the path on his way out j 