A JOU lNEY AORtOSý~ý,,UmE lA. BY JAMEs CA sII-.LL.' FlOYM VLADIOSTOTO TO RASDOLTOr.. It was a glorious June morning when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits.' Our tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little diffioulty, and we were off. The yemtshies, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a. town. but between. the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before nur fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out. flying the eagles, settled down into quite reslieetable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when "priying the cab man by the hour... The'taranrtas is a' vehicle which stands next to the Cuinese cart as an initrumenrt of torture. That it is ugly, and clumsy is the smallest' failt to flud with it--that might be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth-but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore. every part of our economy is sorely brnised when thd roeds are rough and we tiavel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no con venmence for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the ploasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinictly in evidence during the night, as thoeyeintshiks then drive fast, being anxious f?oereb*ao theTr journey's end, and fearing, rotlers. -One may have dozed off at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming back sto earth with a crash, or your tarantass lurches intoea rut, and your head is banged-against the side, whicu either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the tire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of.the human trams to every kind of condition, that betore my journey was ended I found I could dleep- very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjust menit'to surroondinris is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The-road led along the shores of Victoria Bay;; It is en altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bonuhing upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts -the verst is two- thirds of a mile-we came to a poest station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government hansput a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communination. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for -it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they uuiversally have three horses instead of pairs, as else where. The central horse is between the shafts, and trots.. The other two are attached to the vehicle by meians of .ropes, and gallop or canter.. The outside horses-.aro trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one' looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troika, to 15, and the cost is fixed by the Government at from 1F, to. 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better understanded of the people I am writing for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. 6d. per 20 miles 1 These aire the rates west of Irkutsk : east of. that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers antd speakers that whilst the diffterence between prices in various countries may be immense, the dif. ference in values may be very little. The horses are just as well fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as' fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has .much more of all good things. thaci thbd Siberian yenitahik, yet nothing to ':repreoent the enormous difference In prices. The fact istbat ththe difference is really one of more counters?nud! not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much more; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles with high figures attached to them, whilst the' real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the Ifacts of the world where low.priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. .Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity-of the soil, and the inidustry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well; and was immensely interested when he learned I came from Australia. He 'made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found out that the idea that all Russian oificers can speak another language than their r.wn is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak nothing but Russian, or, at best, a few words of French or German. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the oflicial and and upper classes are concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch; then the Germans, and after them the Russiuns. When I say the Germans, I am niot isure. but equal with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes; allof these surpasuing far the Lttin races of every sort, and the Eaglish-speakirg peoples everywhere. I think I have said before, and if not I csay it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations I have made about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true'that the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This tmay arise from the'great variety of sounds in- their own language. Sonmeo of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it swas overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about S o'clock it was raining torrents. The whole of the Amoor I'rovince ceast is noted for wet, no less thru 230 days out of the year being rainy. It bectme dark as pitch, and at last wo gopt boged. We had to get out and trudge alsng the muddy road, slipping and stumb. linug as we went. Ibegan to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before rtelching the Ural Miouitains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 60 turned out in this fashilon. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I. began to atik inyself further if I was quite sane wnhen I first re solved to undertake this journevy. I knew some of my friends had uo manner of doubt wbhatever-they thought I was as mad as a Maurch hare, and the doubt bogan to rise in my mind if, after ill, they weren't pretty right. The average man is a comfort loviing rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, hating strange food and strange beds, prepared to gush with rapture over tihe glories of the Himalayas, if you take him up the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign landtls, if he can do it in a first class carriauco. The stay-at home shopkeeper spirits are the special Brus, ioirecs of travellers, and to feel that they are right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling ti the enterprising souls who broeak frelsh ground or d epart - from beaten and therefore comfortable tracks. Thus miushig, with a certain bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home,'as if they were in some fashlion responsible for my troubles now, I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud. that I would not go book at any cost, but would see it throglh jusat to spite thecritics ! At last the dim li hts of the little town of lasdolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were in ashelter for the night. It was a miserable post station-one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off- the muddy reads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I entleavoured' to aleep.. it, was not the sleep of. the righteous. An unevena wood floor, with'merelya railway rue on it.', is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone- sore and weary. .Even if I had been more comfortahle, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more efflo tually than Banquto's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of inortings and heavy cannons of long' drawn enorings, exceededanythiir'I liad ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped oif, though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. 11hat could be done under such circumstances? I could not talk to .him, and even if I could, I don:t.;supposo it wduld have done the slightest- good. .It was theman'iamisfortune, not his faul. ?We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together :-will some practical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted toonr cars, shall make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans I That would be genius yoked to beiievolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following mornin; arid started amid pouring rain.. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not preveunt me eagerly w'atching the country and admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote.miad unknown part 'of the earth. ' We ran alongside the River Sdifun part of the wany, and some of its tui'ns and bends were exoeedingly lovely; and trom a :praitical ;atindpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable dia- tahoe frdm its, mouth for moderate- sized' craft.. W? passed over a good deal of country ureatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyneton, now. beginning to be occupied.' It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to th'eaverage round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I asked 'myself a hundred times before I left; Siberia, what will this country be ? The.quality of.tha soil was a revelation,, the beaiuty. of the scenery a' surprise, and the fact that it has stood a. solitary wilderness alongside of. China and Japan; with. their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 