With solemn ceremonies and impressive rites, the Church of England Cathedral, which it was proposed to build in the days of Bishop Perry, and which was strenuously urged by Dr. Moorhouae, was opened on Thursday by Bishop Goe. Hitherto the Anglican . Church, which represents the religious faith of a very large section of the population, has been without any visible sign of its unity or any tangible centre to which its members could point.. In the future this great drawback to the Anglican communion will no longer exist; and, as in other denomlhaV tions, every member of it will be able to regard one great ecclesiastical building n$ the heart of all that is best in the intellect and in the worship of his denomination. Tor the Cathedral is not merely a place for hold ing services or delivering sermons. The lectern and the pulpit ate notto be considered simply as places for leading and preaching. The Cathedral is intended to he the foous of all the religious light that there is in the; Anglican Chureh—the fountain- of the spiritual life that extends to the remotest parts of the oolony. Its services will be models to all the churches. With it will be associated the best preachers of the church in this oowitry. Round it wilt gather the devotion of many laymen. Every rising preacher should find in it his opportunity of addressing the world; every student should feel that it gives him something to ponder. The Cathedral should be an example to the churches in their services, a stimulus to the young intellect, a model to the rising preachers. So far as the general public are concerned, one of its greatest benefits will be in the week-day ^ferviqes. We are too well accustomed in Me!l^qfee*tb churches that are closed for stedajffc in the week, and that are only grudgirjgty opeaed on the seventh, except to the people "wlhb pay expensive pew rents and give good contribu tions. The Cathedral ought Jo represent Christianity. It should be open all day long, so that at any time the weak and weary, the sinner and the penitent may enter,and, amid all the associations of the Christian faith, cast their burdens upon the Lord. Then, indeed, the Cathedral will be the centre of religious life and work. This colony is blessed at the present moment with a Minister of Mines who is bent on reforming the ways of the world. He wants, for one tiling, to put a stop to the (loating of bogus companies, but lie lias no precise scheme in his head, and he has there fore induced the committee of the Stock Ex change to confer with him to sec whether that body can help him with a few practical suggestions. A bogus company, as defined by Mr. Outtrim, is a company that pegs out a claim in a district in which gold lias been struck, and puts itself on the market, "though it has not the ghost of a chance of getting so much as the colour." The bogus company never has any capital, and the pro moters make money by booming the shares. Mr. Outtrim thinks that the. Government should refuse to register companies which in the opinion of experts, to be licensed by his department, are talcing up worthless ground. He also proposes to exact proofs from all would-be companies that they have tangible capital to begin with; and the Stock Ex change is to assist by refusing to quote bubble companies on its list. It appears that the Stock Exchange already has q rule on the subject. The rule read to Mr. Outtrim by Mr. E. W. Were is admirably worded, and as bubble companies have nevertheless been lloated by thousands in these colonies, it follows that rules are not to be relied upon as a cure. Neither, we fear, would Mr. Outtrim's "mining experts" be of service, save in preventing the lloatlng of any companies whatever. Experts com petent to give or withhold the certificates the Minister would issue do not exist upon this earth. They would require to possess the superhuman qualities claimed by so- called clairvoyants. And look at the awful misuse which would be made of certificates where they were issued. The Stock Exchange is without doubt ail honourable, well-inten tioned body. It deals out severe punishment to brokers and others within its jurisdiction who fail to keep their word, and it must have the sense to see that speculation in bubble companies proves disastrous in the long run to speculation in genuine ventures. But is not speculation in shares pure gambling, and in gambling does it matter whether the shares have a tangible value or are mere counters? Fortunes were made 01, the Stock Exchange between the beginning of the silver boom and the collapse of the land boom out of bubble companies. And the gentlemen who made them are still in business, and not anwilling to enter upon a fresh campaign. If no company is to be registered which has not received Govern ment sanction, and if no person is to buy shares who is without the money to pay cash for them, or to sell shares which he does not hold, the occupation of a host of enterprising uien now standing witli smiling faces on the footpath in Collins-street will come to an end. There seems to lie but one way in which children can be taught to dread the fire. It is sad to see them burning their delicate little Gngers, but if they will not be lieve what you or the Government tell them about the flames how are they to find out? When we see Parliament co-operating with the Stock Exchange to limit speculation to ventures which are worth the money they pretend to be, and not a penny more, then we shall know that the millennium is at hand and close our sporting deportment, be cause the time will liave arrived when every form of amusement and recreation will be 1 out of place. Passengers arriving by a ship that has snmll-pox on board always chafe at the en forcement of quarantine regulations. Tin: travellers by the Victoria deserve sympathy. The case that is, or was, under treatment on board seems to have been a mild one, and the precautions taken before arrival to pre vent the contagion spreading were apparent I > complete and effectual. Nevertheless, all the passengers wanting to land in MellxHime have had to stibnrit to the inconvenience and discomfort of being vaccinated, and com munication between the vessel und the shore, except as provided by the Central board oi Health, has been strictly prevented, liven the stevedores' men engaged to unload cargo have had to submit or will have to submit to vaccination before receiving permission to return. The object of vaccinating any person is to prevent him from catching the disease, ot 'to minimise the effects of it should he catah It It is of tfo avail where the patient fcas idready been attacked, be cause In such q cuseitwon't44 take." If-then tiic Victoria's' passengers had escaped up to tiie hour ofumvaMtmighthavebeen correctly assumed that thct'could notottch tin: disease after leavinff||g|folp." and tiie vaccinatum of them UMBflmsous precaution. So, like wise, safe they shoul'd have bdiorethey were sent authorities appear, however, tot on making aasursn&' J jeering the pftssengers to' their whole action lbows i necessary, for if they believed that there was the slightest risk, they ought to have ordered the ship into quarantine, and as they did not order it into quarantine, we may infer that there was no risk. The public official, when he errs, always errs on the safe side, for his own protection. And we are not disposed to be. very angry with the health officers. Small pox can only be kept from settling in Aus-. tralia by taking the strictest measures to shut | it out. The very immunity we enjoy from it j is a reason why we shonld be extra careful. We arc not hardened against it, as j are the old-world communities from which small-pox is never absent, and where it is very little dreaded. If it once got free admission it might run through the colonies like wild fire, as the measles did sixteen years ago, creating a universal panic. Neither is it altogether unwise to teach the shipping companies, as the restrictions of the health authorities serve to jio, the necessity of exercising vigilance at ports of call. Were there any laxity small-pox wonld find its way hither very speedily, for shipowners and captains are elastic of conscience when their own interests are not involved. By way of teaching itself wisdom, the Sydney Labour Council bas required its secre tary to enumerate the causes of the failure of the general strike of last year. The secretary, in his report, has left out one or two that are important. His list begins thusThe : great amount of unorganised surplus labour j available from one end of Australia to the J other ; the bitter hostility of the press (with a few notable exceptions), and the consequent j poisoning of the public mind ; the assistance j so freely rendered by the Government to the j capitalist (in so far at least as this colony was i concerned)," &c.; " The lessonspf the strike," ! he adds, are " likewise many and varied," and here again he has failed to fill the record j up correctly. One lesson the strike should have taught is the expediency of looking facts straight in the face. There was, in the first place, no "poisoning " of the public mind. The public thoroughly understood the situation. In the next place, the Govern ment gave no " assistance to capital" which the Trades Council, if it is honest and con sistent, could object to. The Government only interfered to prevent disorder and the offering of physical violence to free labourers; and the whole of the trades councils pre tended, while the strike was on, to discountenance disorder and acts of violence. The Government interfered because the law j required them to keep the peace and preserve j to every man the right to earn his living by working. Do the trades councils now say j that fighting and bloodshed would have been to their advantage? If alt the persons who] work for daily wages were enrolled in unions, and subject to the orders of a few leaders, there would be no occasion, during a strike, to resort to intimidation, because no one would be working. The unions took to in timidation last year because they represented only a section of the wage-earning popula tion ; and their action wns unlawful (and, therefore, ended in failure) because no in- j dividnals possess the right to band them selves together and exercise physical sway J over men who do not choose to pay the fees they exact or take the oath they] impose. It is apparently assumed by the much-injured trades councils of I Sydney, Melbourne, and elsewhere, that if j the Government had looked on complacently and allowed heads to be broken on the wharves or at the gasworks, or woolsheds to be set on fire, or city buildings to be pulled down, and the lamps put out everywhere, for the benefit of footpads and burglars, organised labour would have achieved a great triumph last August. The cause which depends upon such means for its success must be an inherently bad one. But it is open to doubt whether intimidation and violence would have succeeded even if the Government had stood aside. The race to which we all belong must have degenerated terribly if there are many among us who would humbly submit to physical coercion; and the organisation which talks openly or covertly of triumphing by intimidation must be under the leadership of lunatics. Larrikmism, like typhoid, seems to be a j summer malady. It is worst when the days ere long, and the weather brings people out into the streets in the evenings. The city and suburban magistrates are having a number of cases to deal with, and in Collingwood and Fitzroy their worships are making praise worthy efforts to keep the larrikins in check, by- passing the heaviest sentences in the shape of three or terms of imprisonment which the law. allows. The offences of the ^ larrikin are jail of one kind, and they are usually committed in the suburbs, where the lighting is cat so good nor the police so pnmerons as in the city. The larrikins move aboatin gangs or mobs, under recognised "■ leyfcre. They "raid" small shops and . molest quiet people in the '<bey delight to fall jpij the solitary policeman taking S IM^Spner to the wotchliouse. Though ♦hoir pjifaf amusement is creating street helpless passers-by, they to empty a pocket or steal a the theft can be easily perpe distinctive clothing, they *** and they take pride $0 many of them have sent to prison is an They have raising money, be il^^ia^ imposed on them '™^yi!!!^r'nrtirT'^ llp^∈* enpepfonsjare inOijAltaws jntivdLy pa ittomirtitoh we have inherited our enactments against crime. In thickly-populated countries, where the struggle for life is keen, young men have no time for the recreations affected by the j Australian larrikin. Larrikinism seems to ! be the product of easy times, a genial cli j mate, and the lucrativeness of various kinds of sport* If fines will not put it down, nor imprisonment, a moderate quantity of whip ping or flogging ought to be tried ; or larri kins should be treated to a coarse of com pulsory drill when in prison. A journal published in a border town, the inhabitants of which ore hankering after pro tection, lias done as the honour to qaote largely from the article that we lately printed on the M'Kinley tariff, and for a " reply " it cites some remarks which were made at a public gathering in Sydney. These remarks describe how capital reproduces itself; and as the operation would be the same whether it happened under free trade or protection, the answer is about as appropriate as woald be an account of the building of the Pyramids or a description of the processes of mastication J and digestion. One of the assumptions of | the protectionist is that every article imported represents so much money lost. But how is a country like Australia to get paid for the j wool, the grain, the Mount Morgan gold, and j ! the Broken Hill silver it exports unless it [takes goods in exchange? Protection does not increase th .-.mount of capital available for investment; it -only varies or interferes with the manner of investing' it, yet it is assumed that if we did not clap high duties on tweeds and glass bottles, so mnch capital wonld he lying idle and so many hands with- j out work. Not only has protection to account! for the " unemployed," whom it was to have j abolished, but it has also to explain away, if j it can, the larrikin, who is the type of a class of physically strong young men (blessed with equally numerous female companions) who do no regular work. According to the teach ing of protection there should be no larrikins and no unemployed in Victoria. All that the Legislature can do by means of the tariff is to compel the public to buy their clothing or their food from particular establishments at the price which the pro prietors of those establishments consider profitable. It has lately been proposed that Queensland and Fiji bananas should be ex cluded by taxation from the Melbourne market, and the proposal is as reasonable as i any which has hitherto been accepted by our protectionist Ministries. As good bananas can be grown under glass in Victoria as in the open air in Fiji, and ataprofit too, if the public are compelled to buy them at the price fixed by the grower. At present we im port large quantities of bananas from Fiji, and pay for them with merchandise. An im port duty would stop importation, and the protectionist would be able to point with exultation to the fact that we now ate no bananas of foreign production, while the fact that we had had to cease sending merchandise to Fiji (there being no bananas to pay for) would not concern him in the least He would look only at the money being made by the owners of hothouses out' of banana growing, and at the wages l>eingpaidtothemen who were minding the furnaces supplying (he heated air. He would deny that bananas at 4s. a dozen were a bit more expensive than bananas at fid. a dozen, and he would assert thatat any rate the extra 3s. Gd. was being spent in the country', even though it would puzzle him to say how the 3s. 6d. not previously spent on bananas was laid out before the duty was thought of. He would assume that but for die hothouses tiiese men would be without employment, and decline to inquire wiiat had become of the workers who (under the other system) were employed in handling the exported merchandise, or where the shippers of that merchandise were now find ing customers, livery industry requiring to be carried on with the help of high duties is an industry carried on under glass, with artificially-heated air. An instance of the provoking habit the judges have of avoiding the responsibility or trouble of deciding important questions of law when a technicality or a by-point opens up a way of escape, is afforded by the pro ceedings taken in Sydney against the Post master-General for refusing transit through the post to a weekly paper which was found, at the December quarter sessions, to contain obscene matter, A temporary injunction was obtained by the proprietor of the paper, restraining the PoBtmaster-General from giving effect to the general order he bad issued, and the interesting question was raised whefher'tne Supreme Court could con trol the Postmaster-General in the exercise of bis discretion. Mr. O'Connor took no notice of the injunction, but he instructed [ counsel to appear before the judge and oppose the order being confirmed. His so appearing satisfied Mr. Justice Foster, who accepted it as an acknowledgment of the jurisdiction of • the Court. " All ex cept the Sovereign are subject to the juris diction of the Court, and Ministers of the Crown are no exception;" they are "always responsible to the Crown, and are therefore bound to obey the write of the Sovereign1 issued through her proper courte." Mr. O'Connor "hod properly submitted himself to the jurisdiction of the Supreme Court;" but "it is altogether another question whether after he has so appeared, the Court has a right to grant an injunction against him, and if it would have the effect of con trolling toe discretion properly vested in him as a Minister toe Court has no such right" Mis Honour was then comforted to find that there was no necessity for him to decide whether Mr. O'Connor had acted within toe law. • # The proprietor of the paper, in applying for toe injunction, suppressed some . important toots — faote . jwbiob would have, prevented the Court > fawn issuing toe injunction if they had bent atated, and hisHbnour, on that ground, re. fauedto oontjnne the injunction. ■ The Question Stands in exactly the same position / ■ j os if it never had been raised : and people j must wait till some fresh ease arises if they j waut their curiosity satisfied. Perhaps it is ;« question of public policy rather than of I law. Persons who pander to the vile tastes | of depraved readers have no right to call I upon the Government to help them in their degrading business; on the other hand, it often helps a bad publication to a g'Xnl adver tisement to proscribe it; and what we have to depend upon to keep the community pure are not the mandates of an official, but the i prevalence of virtuous tastes and wholesome public opinion. Uuless men are ashamed to j be wen buying coarse publications at railway i bookstalls or from little boys in Swanston-1 street, the orders of the Postmaster-General will not prevent such publications from ob taining sale. A revolutionary disturbance is troubling South America just now. Within a little . over 12 months the three most important of the South American States have been { convulsed by insurrection. In Brazil, a bloodless revolution changed the | one monarchy of the New World into a j republic. In the Argentine Republic a san guinary rising in the capital brought about a change in the administration. Last of all, in Chili a serious insurrection has broken out, the object of which is to remove the President. Chili has always been regarded as the most stable of all the Spanish American republics. For nearly CO years there has been no change in the constitution although there j have been one or two unsuccessful attempts to overthrow the government. The causes of j the present outbreak are not yet clearly j known, bnt it would seem that the charge j against President Balmnceda is that he has | been guilty of unconstitutional acts. From a j British point of new, the proper remedy for this would be to wait until election time comes round, and then choose another President, more especially as the five years' term of the present holder of the office expires in September. The Spanish-American is, however, apparently too impatient to wait for a few months, but must resort to civil war, even at the risk of iuflicting in calculable evil upon the country. In one important respect the situation at Chili is different from any previous revolutions in South America. The fleet has revolted, wliilc I the army remains f&itliful; to the Govern- j menti If these conditions should continue ; it is difficult to tell what the result will be. The struggle may last for a long time, as j neither party can get at the other so as to act decisively. The fleet may bomlord the I coast towna and inflict a good deal of damage, but it cannot compel the government to give in. It is, too, a feature of the South Ame rican countries on the Pacific coast that the actual capital is situated several miles inland, and away from the port, as is the case with Santiago and Valparaiso and with Lima and Call&o.; This peculiarity dates from the times of the buccaneers, when it waa advisable that the capitals should be far enough from the coast to be out of danger of ] being captured by a sudden dash by a mari-: time enemy. Of all places in the world in which it] might be expected that the manuscript of a missing work by one of the great writers of classical antiquity would be discovered, the British Museum is about the last. One would have thought that the treasures of such a great public institution must have been thoroughly examined and known by now; yet the discover}- is announced of a papyrus manuscript, containing neatly the whole of Aristotle's treatise on the constitu tion of Athens. The announcement will send a thrill of delight through the I learned world, and expectations will be raised high that other literary treasures j equally valuable may also be found there. But, remarkable as is this discovery, it pales in | interest if not in importance before the find of classical manuscripts recently reported from Egypt, an account of which is given j in the Athenaeum by Professor Mahaffy. j These are also papyri, and have been brought j to light by that able and zealous hunter of j antiquities, Mr. Flinders Petrie. As Mr. Mahaffy says, it almost takes one's breath i away to be told that we have here before us' manuscripts of the third century before; Christ, and yet, according to the experts who have examined them, such is the fact Among the classical fragments that have thus been preserved are portions of Plato's Phaedo, only a few pages in all, beautifully written on the finest papyrus, and the con cluding scenes of the AtUiojie, a lost play of Euripides, about 40 lines being complete and 70 more imperfect The other remains are only scraps, so short as to be of little literary value, from Epicharmus, Menander, an un known tragedy about Agamemnon and Aulis, and an epic poem on the Trojan war, ap-1 parent!}' not Homer, and two bits of prose.: These fragments are found intermingled! with lists of prices and rough accounts and letters. Such a meagre list will be disappoint-1 ing to most people, but it is enough, as Mr. j Mahaffy says, to make scholars keen with the j expectation of what is yet to be unearthed in ] Egypt. Apart from their literary value, which from the stightness of the fragments cannot be very great, these papyri throw an im portant light on Greek palaeography. Not only are the specimens far older than any thing hitherto discovered, bat they show lion varied was the hand-writing of that period, the variety being quite as great as is to be found in manuscripts of our own day. j Even the smallest fragment that comes down j to us from the classical period is of priceless j value, but perhaps the chief importance of Mr. Petrfe'a find is that it will stimulate to further explorations in Egypt, the only copntry where there is much chance of an earthing ariy really valuable literary relics of antiquity- - . ' hav , beenreg&r;^ with special interest b 4^ ^pir^Q^.-Q^bers, their isolat 'tion^thp oeopliaritv of *heh celiah j ;i!hivo all, the mystery that rests upon their I origin and racial affinities. IVlto are thej • Druses, how did they come to inhabit the region where alone they are to he found, and. | how did they acquire the strange religion i that marks them off from their Christian and j Mohammedan neighbours ? Up to a certain j point their history is tolerably well known. : All who are familiar with mediieval history are aware that the religion of the Druses ' dates back no further than the early years of [ the eleventh century, the period from 906 ! a.d. to 1021 A.i)., comprising the reign of ! Hakim, the third of the Caliphs of Egypt of ' the Fatimite dynasty. Tliis extraordinary individual, who, after a life of vice and folly so extravagant as to lead to the supposition that he was actually mad, was murdered at i the early age of 36, gave it out that he was an incarnation of the Deity. Tiie idea was taken up by a Persian named Mohammed Ibn Ismail Duruzi, who hoped thereby to gain the favour of the Caliph, lie also was murdered, and the wild doctrines of Hakim and Duruzi would probably have been heard no more of but for another man, a disciple of Duruzi named Hamze Ibn Ahmed, who, on the death of the other two, fled to Syria, and preached a new religion based on the doctrine that Hakim was not dead, and that he would some day ap)>ear with a mighty army and assert his position as the incarnate of God. Hamze, however, met with no success until he come to the western slopes of Mount Lebanon, where he found a strange and isolated race without any definite creed of their own. These people, and they nlone, accepted the religion preached by Ilamze, and they have ever since been known as the Druses, their name being derived from Duruzi, the master of Ilamze. So far all is plain sailing; but the question now arises, who were these people, and whence did they come? On this subject nn ingenious theory has been put forward in Blachrood's Magazine for December by Mr. Haskett Smith, who has lived for many years among the Druses, and gives a most interesting account of them. His view is that they are the direct descendants of the Phoenicians, the subjects of Hiram, King of Tyre, who were employed in the building of Solomon's Temple. The Phoenicians of the maritime towns disappeared centuries ago, being merged in the other races of Syria, but Mr. Smith holds that the moun taineers, who were employed in hewing down the cedars, quarrying the stones, and other work for the temple, escaped this fate, and that as the old Phoenician religion, the worship of Baal and Astarte, gradually died out, without being replaced by Christianity or Mohammedanism, they were prepared to accept the doctrines preached by Hamze. Mr. Smith brings forward several reasons in support of his theory ; but they will have to be examined more closely before they can be accepted as finally settling the question. His article is, in any case, a valuable con tribution to our knowledge of a remarkable people, who, as Mr. Smith says, hare a special interest for Englishmen, as " should England ever find it necessary to attempt an armed occupation of Syria, the Druses are the only purely native tribe on whose fidelity and support the British forces could rely." 