T. H. Mate an SOME REMINISCENCES. (BY MAX O'RELL ) The American hotels are all alike, Some are worse. Describe pne, and yon have described them all. On the ground floor, a large entrance hall, strewed with cuspidors, for the men and a eide entrance, provided with an awning, a sort of triumphal arch for the ladies. On this floor the sexes are separated as at the public baths. In the large hall a wide counter, behind which solemn clerks, whose business faces relax not a muscle, are ready with their book to enter your name and assign you a number. A small army of coloured porters ready to take you in charge. Not a salute, not a word, not a smile of welcome. The negto takes your bag, and makes i sign that your case is settled. You fol low him. For the time being you lose your personality and become No. 875, as you would in gaol. Don't ask questions. Theirs not to answer. Djn't ring the bel to ask for a favor if you set any valtte on your time. All the rules of the establishment are printed and posted in your bedroom ; you have 1o submit t u them. No question to ask. You know everything, and nobody else in the house does. Henceforward you will have to be hungry from 7 to 9 a.m., from 1 to 8 p.m., and from 6 to 8 p.tr. The slightest infrirgement on the routine would stop the wheel; so don't ask, for instance, whether you could have a meal at 4 o'clock; you would be taken fur a lunatic, or a craak, as they c*U it in America. Between meals you will bo supplied with ice-water ad libitum. No privacy, no coffee-room, no smoking- Tooin, no place where you can go and quietly sip a cup of coffee or drink a glass of beer with a cigar. You can have a drink at the bar, and then go and sit down in the hall among tbe crowd. Life in an American hotel is an alternation of the cellular system during the day ; an alternation of the penitential systems carried out at Philadelphia and at Auburn. It is not in the bedroom either that you must peek anything to cheer you. The bed is generally good, but only for the night. The room is perfectly nude. Not even *' Napoleon's Farewell to bis Soldiers at Fontainebleau," as in France, or " Strafford Walking to the Scaffold," as in England. Not that these pictures are particularly cheerful; still they break the monotony of the wall-paper. Here the only oasis in the brown or grey desert are cautions. First of all, a notice that, in a cupboard near the window, you will find some 20 yards of coiled rope, which, in case of fire, you are to fix to a hook outside the window. The rest is guessed. You fix the rope, and—you let yourself go. From a sixth, seventh, or eighth stoiy the prospect is lively. Another caution informs you of fell that you must not do, such as your own washing in your bedroom. Another warns yon that if, on retiring, you put your boots outside the door, you do so at your own risk and peril. Another is posted near tbe door, close to an electric belL With a lit lie care and mnch practice you will be able to carry out the instructions printed thereon. The only thing wonderful about the contrivance is that the servants never make mistakes. * Press once for ice-water. Press twice for hall-bay. Press three times for fireman. Press four times for chambermaid. Press fivetimes for hoc water. Press six times for ink and writing materials. Press seven times for ba&gage.; Press eight times for messenger. In some hotels I have seen the list carried to number 12. Another notice tells you what the proprietor's responsibilities are, and at what times the meals take place. Now, this last notice is the most important of all. Woe to you if you forget it! For if you should present yourself ODC minute after the dining-room door is closed, no human consideration would get it open for you Supplications, argument?, would be of no avail. Not even money. " Whatdoyoumean f" i»ome old-fashioned European will exclaim. " When the table d'hote is over, of course you cannot expect the menu to be served to you, but surely you can order a steak or a. chop ?" No, you cannot; not even an omelette or a piece of cold meat. If you arrive at one minute past 3 (in small to WEB, at cne minute past 2), you fiud the dining room door elosed, and joa must wait till 6 o'clock to Gee its hospitable doors open •gain. When you, enter the dining-ropm, you must not believe that you can go and sit where you like. The chief waiter apsigus you a seat, and you must take it. With a superb wave of the hand he signs to you to follow him. He does not even turn round to see whether you are behind him, following him in all the meanders he describes amidst the sixty, seventy, sometimes eighty tables t hat are in the room. He takes it for granted tbat you are an obedient, "submissive traveller who knows his duty. Altogether, I travelled in the United States for about 10 months, and I never came across an American so independent, so daring, :as to actually take any other seat than that assigned to him by that tremendous potentate, the chief waiter. Occasionally^ just to try him, I would sit-down in a chair I took a fanoy to. But he would come and fetch me, and tell me that I could not stay there. In Europe the waiter asks you where you should like to sit. In America you ask him where you may sit. Ha is a paid servant, and therefore a master in America. He is in command, not of the other waiter?, bttt of the gues's.. Several tim^B, recognising friends in the dining-room, I asked the man to take me to their tables ([ should not have dared to go by myself), and the permission wis grauted with a patronising sign of the head. I have , constantly seen Americans stop on the thresehold of the dining-room and wait until the chief waiter returned fn m placing a guest to ooma and fetch thetn in turn. I never saw tbem enter alone and take au empty seat without the sanction of the waiter. The guests seem struck with awe in the dining-room, aud sohmnly bolt their food as quickly as they cm. You would think silence was enj -iued by tbe statute-book. Your hear less -noise in an American hotel dining-room containing 500 people than you do at a French table d' hote accommodating 50 people, at a German one containing a dozen, or at a table where two Italians are dining tete-a-tete. The chief waiter at large hotels in tbe North and the West is a white man ; in the South he is a mulatto or a black; but, white or black, he is always a magnificent specimen of his race. There is not a ghost of a SaVonr of the serving man about him t no whiskers and shaven upper lip reminding you of tbe waiters of the Old Worldj but always a fine moustache, the twirling of which helps to give an air of nonchalant superiority to its wearer. The mulatto head waiters in the South really look like dusky princes. Many of them are to handsome and carry themselves so superbly that you find them very impressive at first, and would fain apologise to them. You feel as if you wanted to thank them for kindly condescending to concern themselves about anything so commonplace as your seat at table. In the smaller towns the waiters are all-—waitresses. The waging is done by damsels entirely—and also by the guests of the hotel. If the Southern head waiter looks like a prince, what must we say of the head waitress in the East, the North, and the West? No term short of queenly will describe her stately beariog as she moves about amoug her bevy of reduced duchesses. She is evidently chosen for her appearance. She is " divinely tall" as well as " most divinely fair," ijnd, as if to add to her importance, she is crowned with a gigantic mass of frizzled hair. All the waitresses have this elaborate coiffure of curls, rolls, and bangs. It is a livery, as caps are in the old world, but instead of being a badge of servitude, it looks, and is, alarmingly emancipated; BO much so that, before making close acquaintance with my dishes, I always examined them with great care. A beautiful mass of dishevelled hair looks very well on the head of a woman, but rfne in your soup,.even though it had strayed from the tresses of your beloved on<vwould make the corners of your mouth go down and the tip of your uose go up. A really handsome woman always " goes well in the landscape," as the French say, and I have seen specimens of tbe wai reuses so handsome and so commanding-looking that, if they cared to come to Europe and play the qnreris In London and Paris pantomimes, I feel sure they would command quite exceptional prices, and draw big salaries and crowded houses. How graod this lady is as 6he approaches you, darts a look of supreme contempt at you, flings a spoon and fork and knife down on the table in front of you; and, turning her back on yon, gabbles c>ff the menu'in one breath. The thing which, perhaps, strikes me most disagreeably in the American hotel dining-room is the eight of the tremendous waste of food that goes on at every meal. No European, I Bippoee, can fail to b> struck with this; but to a Frenchman it would naturally be most remarkable. In France, where I venture to say people live as well as anywhere else, if not better, there is a perfect borror of anything like waste of good food. It is to me, therefore, a repulsive thing to see the wanton manner in which some Americano will waste at one meal enough to feed several hungry fellow-creature?. In the large hotels, conducted on the American plan, thero are rarely fewer than 50 different dishes on the menu at dinnertime. Every day and at every meal you may see people order three or four times as much of this food as they could under any circumstances eat, and, picking at and spoiling one dish after another, send the bulk away uneaten. I am bound to say that this practice is not only observed io hotels, where the charge is so much a day, but in those conducted on the European plan—that is to say, when you pay for everything you order. There I notice that people proceed in much the same wasteful fashion. It is evidently not a desire to have more than is paid for, but simply a bad and ugly habit. I hold that about 500 hungry people could be fed out of the waste that is going on at such large hotels as the Palmer House and the Grand Pacific Hotel of Chicago; and I bav$ no doubt such 500 hungry people could easily be found in Chicago every day. I think that many Europeans are prevented from going to America by an idea that the expense of travelling and living there is very great. This is quite r delusion. The price of hou-es, clothing, and servants is far higher than in Europe, bnt there the difference stops, I believe. For my part, I fiud that hotels are as cheap in America as in England, at any rate, and railway travelling in Pullman cars is certainly cheaper than in European first-class carriages, and infinitely more comfortable. Putting asi'le in America such hotels as Delmonico's in New York, the Thorndyke in Boston, tbe Richelieu in Chicago, as you would the Grand Hotel in Paris, and the Bavoy, the Victoria, the Metropole in London, and taking the giod hotels of America, such as the Grand Pacific in Chicago, the West House in Minneapolis, the Windsor in Montreal, tbe Cardillac in Detroit (I mention those I remember as the very best), you will find that in these hotels you are comfortably lodged and magnificently fed for from three to five dollars a day. In no good hotel of France, England, Germany, Switzerland, would you get the same amount of comfort, or even luxury, I might say, at the same price, and those who should p.qiire a sitting-room would get it for a little less than they would have to pay in a European hotel. The only very dear hotels I have com^ across in tbe United States are those of Virginia. There I have been chargod as much as two dollars a day, but never in my life did I pay so dear for what I had; never in my life did I see so many dirty rooms or so many messes that were unfit for human food. But I will say this much for the American refinement of feeling to bo met with even in the hotels of Virginia, even in the " lunch "-rooms of little stations : you era supplied, at the end of each meal, with a bowl of water—to rinse your mouth.— North American Review. 