CHAPTER IX. THUKE ABE A CK0WD. For a moment Allan did not move. He stood with his eyes upon Miss Hallston, as though he could not ci edit the hearing of his ears. That she could eo turn upon hiin with her nonchalance, when he had just saved her life at the risk of his own, was past his comprehension. And to affirm that aha would have preferred his iiv.il to have saved her! Anyone would have done what be did. It was nothing. No one would have stood inactive and seen the stroke that must have cost her her life. i But that she could be so cruel to him whom but one month before, she had claimed as one of her warmest friends was, perhaps, hardest to bear. But if she was proud, so was he. If she could turn from death with a laugh upon her lips, so could he. If she could so clearly show her prefe'r ence to his rival, EO could he show her that he cared not at all. If she could treat him with scorn and turn from him to Montgomery, to could he treat her. Pride went/perhaps, as well with a man as a woman ! It was cruel payment for bia act, for it was a brave act, treat it as he would, and Arthur Mont- gomery felt a great pity in his heart for the man who stood so cold and so proud where the girl had turned from him. For Arthur Montgomery waa a warm-hearted fellow, be he coward or hero. Besides, men admire courage and fair play. So he did not answer Edith's cool speech, bnt turned gravely to bis friend-for he claimed Allan Mans- field as his friend- from that day-asking, with a slow distinctness that the girl could not fail to understand, and that brought a deeper colour to her oheeka : "Axe you hurti Mansfield?" He laid his hand on Allan'c broad shoulder with ¡ unspeakable kindness in look and voice. But Allan could not bear pity at that desperate moment, and shook o£f the friendly hand with a chilling laugh, a half sneer marring the usually frank month under the fair mostache. " Don't trouble yourself, Montgomery," he said, lightly. "It is nothing, I assure you. Any one would have done the same. If you are not too much fatigued, we had better return. It will be harder going down than coming up, as we lo3t our reckoning in our hurry. We'll have to judge from the sun. That is the only way we can hope to como out within a mile of our destination. It is stifling here !" Mr. Montgomery, like a true friend, would not be daunted by a few cold words. He laid hi9 hand on Allan's arm with some authority and pressed him ' down, as he said, sternly : " I will not stir one step from here till you have rested. Mansfield Yciare as palo as a ghost. Are you sure that devil did not touch you-" Allan interrupted him calmly. He obeyed the the strong hand and stern voice, but he laughed as he sank down upon the roi;!: fiom which Edith had started in her surprise. " You make too much of this, Montgomery !" he said. " It is no more than you would have done if I had given you the chance. It is to be regretted that you did not do it. It would have given you a double hold upon Miss Hallston's friendship. I seem to have been unfortunate in losing it. Never- theless," he shrugged his shoulders and lifted his brows gaily, " ' What's one man's loss is another man's gain,' you know. I declare, I am pretty well tired out! That was a tough struggle up the hill, wasn't it ?" He scarcely knew what he was saying, but he would give the girl no opportunity to speak. Ber words were few indeed, but they were enough. She should have no further chance to wound him. But, know Edith Hallston as he thought he did, he never guessed one-half her depth and force of character. She could be generous as well as cruel. She was a woman in every true sense of the word. She was as brave in her way as was he, even as he could prove to her how utterly unmindful he was of her cruelty. With but an instant's hesitation she crossed the space between them, and held out both her hands, a lovely colour surging into her face, a soft pleading in the lifted eyes. I "As an admirer of good-natured people, I am an utter failure," she said, with an attempt ata laugh» though it broke and faltered, and broke down all these fine barriers he had been building to meet her pride. " It was hateful in me to say that, Mr. Mansfield. I ara so sorry-so very, verj sorry. Do you think you can forgive me P We used to be such good friends." This last small plea carried away every vestige of harsh feeling he had let into his heart during the last few minutes. His face flushed, too, and her two extended hands were clasped closely in his with a warmth she could not misunderstand, as he answered, a ring of gladness in his voice, though he spoke very low : " We are good friends so far as I am concerned, and could never be otherwise, Miss Hallston. Only you must acknowledge it wasn't nice of you to tell me to my face that you would have preferred having Mr. Montgomery kill that snake. Indeed it wasn't nice of you, and you must acknowledge that. It was downright mean, and I didn't think Miss Hallston could be mean." " I told you once that I could be awfully hateful, don't you remember that ?" she asked, leaving her hands in his. She would not be hard with him again. He had saved her life, and in a manner different than oven the daring plunge Mr. Mont IÎ gomery took for her, that day on the lake. Some ?way it was very nice to feel that she owed him this debt of gratitude. "But-"all this flushing and smiling and shy sweet lifting of those beautiful eyes was for him-" But I didn't mean it, as you must have known, Mr. Mansfield! I couldn't have meant it, you know !" All this was very pretty and decidedly interest ting for those who were concerned in it, but for an other fellow to stand by and see the fun, was not se delightful. Mr. Montgomery was a good natured man, and glad that this reconciliation had | taken place, but it came into his head before it came into the heads of the others, that they should | start upon their return as soon as possible. So he ventured this remark in as conciliatory a manner as was consistent with the great demand there was for haste. " Oh, I say, you two, don't you think it advisable that we get back pretty soon ? It's nearly four o'clock, and unless we do go Miss Hallston will miss the dinner ! Of course, they'd keep it for us, but it won't be half so good. Besides, to my mind, itR cooler on the hotel piazza than among this briar !" Edith laughed wickedly. She drew her hands from Allan's and shook out her dress with con- siderable unnecessary elaboration. Then she stooped for the bouquet that fell scattering upon the ground at their sudden appearance. " You poor Mr. Montgomery ! Even the boot- legs haven't sufficed for a day's rations ? You are still Ion ging for the good roast-beef and dessert of civilization ? You are not even reconciled by the lionization to follow our return from shipwreck ?" He and Allan were helping her regain her flowers and ferns. Not a cloud seemed to touch their light hearts. " And you didn't know that you were lost ?" asked Mr. Montgomery, with considerable relish, in return for her sarcasm. " You didn't know that if we hadn't come in search of you, you might never have returned to civilization, Miss Hallston ?" She glanced up with a startled expression on her face, and then laughed. Her was only teasing.her, she-told herself. He could tease her sometimes with his appearance of truth, speaking ia his grave manuer. " But, as we found you," Allan hastened to add, catching this fear on her face, " it is all right, Miss Hallston ! But, perhaps, it would be as well to hurry a bit. It wouldn't be particularly pleasant to have darkness come down upon us among these trpes and brambles. It wouldn't be exactly an easy thing to find our way out. I had to stay through one night here, last summer, and although the mountain ÍB safe enough, so far as that goes, it ÍB much moie comfortable at the hotel. It is chilly and damp, and rather-of course, this would amount to nothing really with such brave com- pany-but it is rather ghostly in the dark ! So we may as well follow your advice, Montgomery. It isn't bad advice." Mansfield took the lead and stood aside, holding" back an inquisitive bramble, that she might pass through the way they had come, Montgomery of Canada following. Their eyes met in that straight, full look that always set his pulses throbbing highly. " It isn't the easiest thing in the world to find one's way back from any given starting point here," he said quietly. " Mon who have thought them- selves familiar with the place have been lost before now, Miss Hallston. It is the thick boughs, you see, and the heavy undergrowth. You cannot at I this moment point out the location of the hotel. You could not even accurately tell where lies the lake !" So, she owed her life equally to these two men ! One saved her from drowning ; the other-she shuddered at the thought of the possible death so near her. Both had saved her from-yes, even from death, it might be, there on the mountain, in sight of the hotel! How Rtrange it was to know she had been so near death more than once within such short time, and that these two men had come between that and her. " I never dreamed of that !" she said, softly, as she bent her head in passing him through the opening in the tangle he made for her. She would not have him know just yet how much this -was to her. But did she dream he could not read the drooping, tender face so near him ? Silence fell upon then for a while. The thoughts arising from their few words set a swift current adrift, and conversation died out. Besides, they had to choose their way of return with more care than the two men had chosen in their hurried search. They could not lead Miss Hallston through the dense tangles and rocky bursts and slippery banks over which thoy had passed, regardless of themselves. The easiest way must be found for her, if there were an easy way down the mountain ! They dared not hasten too swiftly either, for they must pausa now and then to get their bearings. A new danger threatened them, too, at this junc- ture. Allan had noticed the darkening of the sun- light and the ominous stillness upon everything; but he would not speak of this to depress his com- panions. Then, too, his heart was too light at the time to be easily cast down by any threatening of weather. That a thunderstorm was swiftly rising, he knew ¡ but it might bo their good fortune to reach the hotel before it should break. They must reach shelter before then, he told himself, with a determined Eetting of the lips, ere the rain should come. It would be pretty rough for them if caught in the woods ! But this ominous darkness at last made itself felt by the others. Mr. Montgomery, meeting Allan's eyes at one time in descending a-slight bank, lifted his brows questioningly, and was made no lighter-hearted by the slight affirmative nod he received. Even Edith paused presently, and turned upon them with swift thought. " "What is the matter ?" she asked anxiously. " What makes it so dark all at once, Mr. Mansfield ? I Are yon certain your watch is right, Mr. Mont- gomery ? You said it was four o'clock, didn't you, back there ? We haven't been' long coming this far, and it can't be later than that ! Is it," a sud- den intelligence flashing in her eyes, striking a fear in them also, for if she was a coward at any tine, it was during a thunderstorm. "Is it"-she caught her breath with a swift fear-" a shower coming up ? Are we in danger of being caught out here ? Oh, this is dreadful ! Why did I come ? Why didn't I wait, as you all advised me to, until we could go up some day together ? Poor, dear Mrs. Castlemon will be so frightened for me ! She knows what a coward I am at such a time ! Oh, I don't see why I didn't wait and have some common sense ! I might have known I couldn't get up there without some one to show me ! I might have believed you, at least." She mentioned no name, but her eyes were upon Allan's, and sent him to | the seventh heaven with alacrity. " And I have brought you here-you will be caught in it, too we all will, maybe, be lost." She was growing somewhat incoherent. Her eyes were eloquent looking into Allan's, but this was not particularly comforting to Mr. Montgomery. Allan laughed easily, and lifted her down from the bank as though she were a child instead of a young woman of considerable weight. It was very necessary that be should place her carefully upon her feet, and this was not to be done in one short instant of time. He could feel her heart throbbing against his arm, her soft hands upon hiß shoulders. " If we are careful and do not lose our heads, we will get back in time," he said, calmly. " As to you being a coward, Miss Hallston, we know better than that. You have proved otherwise, I am sure." " You've never had an opportunity of judging," Bhe said, quite fretfully. " I ant dreadfully afraid of thunder and lightning, and the wind that comes with them ! I think I shall just die of them if we don't hurry and get home before they reach us !" " It would take some time for the rain to reaeh us, if it does come, Miss Hallston," said Mr. Mont- gomery. " The boughs are so thick and close, we can escape much of the rain. But it is scarcely likely to occur, I assure you. We have still a good half hour of grace." " But we never can get down there in half an .hour," still protested the sweet, querulous voice. " I am afraid of thunder and lightning, and you can't change me any more than you can make the storm wait till we get home. I just wish I had stayed with you. Don't you ever let me do such a foolish thing again, Mr. Mansfield ! Why didn't you tell me I musn't come ?" He felt an insane desire to laugh at the possibi bility of his detaining her in the mood she had been in, but he would not allow the slightest quiver of his lips to betray him. Instead, he paused in the path to look about them. Someway, that did not look like the path they had followed aB best they could, going up. If only the sun were shining, that he could judge of their direction. But overhead the darkness was intense, and not a break of light showed above to betray where the west lay. This darkness was creeping down under the pines stealth- ily, and would cast midnight on them in thirty minutes. Those swift, terrible mountain storms were to be dreaded in such a position as theirs. (To.he continued.) 