Is the Crime of Swearing on the Increase ? [By Rambler.] A lady has asked me to answer this question in the pages of your widely circulated journal. I ; obey, but not gladly, for the subject is abhorrent to me, but as from a sense of duty and because a lady asks me. I muse confess, however, that I am singularly unqualified, if not actually disqualified for the task, for I have a morbid and I think an exceptional horror of the practice of swearing; and I do not, because I cannot, make sufficient allowance for the manifest victims of the habit those, I mean, who were bom and bred, and. who live, move, and have their being in ts blighting atmosphere. In the first place, I instinctively suspect the veracity of the swearer, because I thus judge that if a man has a conscious grasp of the truth and full confidence in himself as its medium, he has no need to help it out by the palpable ex- aggerations of expletive. Then again, a man íb clearly wanting in veneration, in self-respect, in common decency even, and especially in apprecia- tion of the " eternal fitness of things" who drags through the dust of common discourse the moBt «acred names and the most hallowed realities of the Universe. It is of altogether minor consequence that the swearer virtually insults me, debases human speech, often makes himself entirely unin- telligible and ridiculous ; but it is of the utmost moment that I, a _ non- swearer, let him know his degradation and his danger, and how he looks in the eyes of every one who fears an oath. But now to the question : Ia swearing on the increase amongst us ? I greatly fear it is. As a travelled man, as a very literal rambler, as one moving and delighting to move amongst all sorts and conditions of men, I regretfully reply in the affirmative. There are, of course, statistics of swearing, and they may be consulted at leisure in the records of our police courts and gaols. These figures, how- ever, only faintly indicate the facts of the case. They simply represent, by a few examples, what the Law has done to remedy the evil. In this matter we must candidly confess the law poseB for the most part ignominious!y enough, and without a shadow of its accredited majesty. At times, the situation, law-wise, would be immensely diverting were it not so grotesquely farcical. Ä drunken swearer, caught en flagrant delict by a well-known swearing constable, is brought before a notoriously swearing magistrate, and his crime is, perchance, established by one or two witnesses who swear on oath that he swore. This is a very common occurrence in the country districts ; almost as common, indeed, as the sentencing in our rustic courts of a common drunkard by an imbibing J.P. at the instance of a policeman who dearly loves his beer. Truth is, it is not in the power of law to grapple effectively with this wide-spreading, ever deepening evil. Probably there íb no habit so common, among all classes of the community, both young and old, as the habit of profane speech. Strange to say that many a man who will not touch a card nor drink a glass of liquor, nor even handle a billiard cue, will yet lend himself to this perilous vice without a shadow of pretext, fear, or com- punction. The practice is seen at its worst, I think, in the average shearing shed during the shearing season. Then and there the refuse of the city and the refuse of the bush delight to vie in an un- hallowed rivalry of foul speech. A keen compe- tition in blackguardism takes place at meals, at cards, and during all leisure. At times, indeed, the hideous grossness is tempered by a play of J rough wit. Also, at times (be'it spoken to. their j honour), the more staid and self-respecting part of the assembly enter a mild and ineffective protest against the reeking pollution, but'the protest is risky, and is often provocative of a deeper torrent of'blasphemy, and obscenity. The marvel of the matter is that in this diablerie is considered a mark of cleverness and a seal of manhood. ' The champion swearer is no fiction, but ead fact, andino Bcant praise is meant by the complimentary jargon -"my word, can't that bloke let out!" Some- times the note of imprecation rises to an awful pitch of daring, and the God-defying rowdy chal- lenges his Maker to blast the work of His own hands and the breath of His own spirit. Believers in what the old divines called the "judgments of God" are not a little amazed that this impious effrontery is allowed to go unpunished on the spot. But it does not go unpunished. It is signally avenged in the action of the natural laws, which, as Professor Drummond has so masterfully shown, rule the spiritual world. In loss of reputation, in ruin of character, in estrangement from God, in entire unfitness for Heaven, is the solemn truth, borne out : Though the mills of God grind fllowly, Yet they grind exceeding small; Though with patleace He stand« walting, With exactness grinds He all, A deadly wrong ia done to little children by the unchecked license of the swearing mania. Not only, in many cases, are the little ones directly and deliberately taught to swear-sinilingly en- couraged in a precocious syllabling of blasphemy but they are, in multitudes of instances, helplessly committed to its environment : educated by all the . force of their surroundings to thiB bitter wrong, and steeped to moral suffocation in its deadly atmosphere. There are thousands of children growing up in these coloniea who have never heard the name of Jesus Christ and of the Holy Ghost except in blasphemy. It is useless trying to teach them religion, because the moment you mention the names of the second and third per- sons of the Blessed Trinity, the poor little victima, from the force of evil prepossession, think you are swearing, and probably tell you so. Bellamy, in his " Looking Backwards," may be a visionary in many ways ; but in the light of this appalling faot, he is surely no visionary, by implication either, he pleads for the children of the nineteenth century, the unspeakable advantage of a better parentage and a more favourable environment ! And now the question arises :-How is this fear- ful mischief to be met and maatered ? (1.) By an abandonment of the practice of legal adjuration. This is the classic authority for the evil. Here it is, so to speak, entwined around the pillars of the State. Let the command of Christ to " swear not at all" be applied to the official anomaly of " swearing on the book," and, in the shattering of its " stronghold" in " high places," the lofty prea tige of the crime would perish from the earth. Even the acute mind of Chief Justice Coleridge can furnish, no better argument in its defence than that precious legal figment,-the authority of authority, the sanction of " immemorial use and wont." Does not everyone know that habitual liars are not intimidated by the dread of perjury j that they positively take a wicked delight in brazening out both the falsehood and the oath ; that it is quite field-day for them when they are , called upon, by the usage of the courts, to perpe- trate in another form the kiss of Judas ? There are many things we may learn from the Quakers, but nothing more vital to the interests of truth and justice than this : that the naked word is the fit expression of the naked truth ; that the simple affirmation holds the place of honour above the official oath ; that the " yea, yea" and " nay, nay" of the Divine Master impose an ever- lasting obligation on all His followers, whether in court or camp or church or State. (2.) A wise economy of speech would do much to correct the vice of swearing. It is noticeable that slow and sparing talkers are not, as »rule, "pro- fane persons." The temptation comes in with the glibness and verbosity. Of old, the Wise Man said : " In the multitude of words there wanteth not sin ;" and, in modern days, this sin of profanity is conspicuously present in the torrent and tumult of speech. Probably, there never was so much talking, and so much bad talking, in the world as there is to-day. Every other person is a babbler. It is now an almost infallible sign of a man's entire ignorance of a matter that he 'Straightway begins prating about it. Beardless boys, in parti- cular, are scandalously addicted to the sin of " darkening counsel by words without knowledge." No wonder, then, that amidst the general Babel din, the Promethean fires of eloquence have gone out, and conversation is mournfully alluded to as " one of the lost arts." That golden rule of oratory, " Speak slowly ; all other graces will follow in their proper places," has a world of meaning to-day. " Speak slowly," " Bet a watch upon the door of the lips," lest, unawares, in the heat and hurry, the pollution of the heart leaps forth in defiling words! "Speak slowly," in the measured tones, and with the graceful accents of reason ; let not speech outrun thought ; give no liberty to the tongne to turn traitor to the soul ! A resolute avoidanceof the tnild-r forms of ex- pletive will materially aasiBt in the crusade against profanity. Such meaningless expressions as " by jove," " by George," " by dad," together with " darn this," " beggar that," and " hang the other," clearly involve the principle of the oath, andBhould be reprobated accordingly. Probably little harm is meant by them, but they have, nevertheless, borne evil fruit. To these attempts at a dangerous com- promise must be traced, I think, the whole tissue of adjuratory hybridisms, as illustrated in such flimsy caricatures and corruptions of profanity as " by golly," " by cripea," '* by the holy frost," and so on. A former acquaintance of the writer used to swear, as he thought, innocently, " by the holy poker," and the " living chimney ;" bnt he waa a veritable sinner in this matter, although he knew it not. That the vice of swearing is, at certain stagea, easily curable, has been proved in many cases. Before habit has begotten in its victim the automatic and semi-conscious condition, the sudden change from profane society to the society of those who fear an oath has worked wonders for the youthful swearer. Even such " incorrigibles" as the race of " bullockies" will hesitate to " let out" in presence of a lady. Men have been frequently known to curse one moment and to speak the lan- guage of civilisation the next. All depends upon the company. The inexorable law of supply and demand is here as elsewhere. Oaths are a part of the debased currency of speech ; invite them by your own profanity, and " deep will answer unto deep" in many quarters. An outrageous swearer has frequently been known to say : " I cannot swear before so and so ; the curse freezes on my lips ; I am tongue-tied." A clergyman, a school- master, and a Police Magistrate are very rarely ad- dressed in blasphemous speech. It may be safely affirmed, as a general rule, that only lax and easy- going virtue is the mark for thiB doubtful compli- ment. In conclusion-why in the name of all that is logical and consistent is this habit of profane swearing so commonly excused, because it ib a habit ? Habitual theft, intemperance, and liber- tinism are not so excused. On the contrary, their guilt and condemnation lie in the fact that, through force of habit, they have become a second nature. And this brings me to say as a final word, that nothing short of a new nature, a renewal by Divine grace, in the "spirit of the mind" will effect a radical and permanent cure of this fearful malady of the soul}_ for it is in relation to such devastating moral mischiefs as this that those words of mercy and truth convey the only healing message : " Ye must be bora again !" Dec. 5,1891. 