THE STORY-TELLER. AN ELECTRICIAN ABROAD. Br William Brysdale. in the New York Weekly Timet. The doctor said it, tlie wife eohoed it, friends repeated it, there was no disguising the faob that those weak lungs in the body of William H. Brown, the great electrician, were becoming weaker, and that he must spend the winter in a warm climate. So said his wife, so said his friends; but William H. Brown himself only sold "Nonsense." When the doctor empha sized it he replied— It I cannot leave my work." " You do not need to leave your work," said the astute physician ; " take your work along with yon." The eleotrioian laughed. "That would in involvecarrying along the United States Patent Offioe and a few hundred oontraots, to say nothing of this dynamo and the engine that operates it." "Never mind your patents and your con tracts," the physician urged. "An agent can attend to them. After all the work you have done you can afford to spend the winter in ex perimenting. What are an engine and a dynamo to you? You can make one to carry South in your sachet as easily as some things you have made. Try it, and give your lungs a chance." "That's an idea," said the eleotrioian. "I might take a small dynamo and buy a little engine powerful enough for experimenting. Where is it you want me to go?" "To the West Indies," the physician replied. " Box up your lathe and all the.rest of your tools and send them down to the Isle of Delight, and let a little engine and dynamo follow them. You can experiment all winter to your heart's content, and come home in the spring a new man. If you stay here, you are in danger." " I'll think of it," said the electrician, and thought no more about it—not, at leasts until several weeks later, when his wife said, in her kindly 'determined way, that Bhe was in com munication with a house agent ou the Isle of Delight, and had the refusal of a oharming place that would exactly suit for a residence for the winter—a large stone house called Sea View, near the water, with plenty of ground, and large orchards, and, above all, more than a mile from the town, so that he need not be dis turbed at his work. Thereupon this distinguished eleotrician, be fore whom all the little electricians drooped their eyelids and opened their mouths apologeti cally, capitulated at once. This great man, who wound the lightning around his finger, who need bare done nothing more in this world than gather in the _ royalties from a hundred patents, had no time for argument when his wife quietly determined upon any thing. So it was settled that they were to spend the winter on the Isle of Delight. _ "I must have Thomas along," said the electrician, without looking up from his work. "Have anybody along that you want," his energetic wife replied. "Just make me a memorandum on this pad of the kind of dynamo and engine you want sent down and I will attend to everything." The memorandum was soon made, and for severl weeks more Mr. Brown toiled away in his workshop with no thought apparently for anything but currents and ohms. Whether be forgot all about the projeoted journey there is no electrical device for ascertaining, but if be did, it was brought to his mind one morning when he found the lathe and most of his smaller tools missing, and Thomas, his callable assistant, cleaning the room. Then he only scratched his head and said in an absent way— " Oh, yes ! When do we start ?" "To-morrow," answered Thomas. When a host of friends called that evening to say cocd-by, there was one among them who had spent a season on the Isle of Delight, and he, learning that the Browns were to keep house there, warned them against thieves, " for the darkies would steal the very roof on the house if they had a chance." The electrician made no reply to this, hut early the next morning he sent Thomas to a wholesale ohemiBt with an voider, and before tbe steamer sailed a large case labeled " Explo sives" was Bent on board for him and stowed away in a safe place. In the three days' voyage to the Isle of Delight the great electrician worked out the basis of a devioe for catching the Bmoke from the funnels and dropping it astern, another for supplying tbe Sreroom with draughts of cool air, and a third for utilizing theodour of bnrned oil that hovered about the machinery. This work left uim no time for Beasioknesa, and Mrs. Brown and Thomas took care that ne lefb off one thick garment after another, as the weather become warmer. The Sea view house suited Mr. crown exactly, as Mrs. Brown had predicted, not on account of the large grounds or the orchards, the spacious dwelling or the white beach, but because there was a large lower room with two windows and only one door, where he oould shut himself in and be secure from interrup tion. That room was to be the workshop. In the few days that were necessary for set ting up the little engine and dynamo and: preparing the workroom the electrician wandered about the premises like a lost man, smoking his pipe continually. The shining brass engine with its copper boilsr interested: him, as it must have interested any one who loved machinery. The fstfatige trees and curious tropical fruits, too, attracted his attention, but with all the odd sights he said little, though lie was fond of walking in the orange grove and eating fruit fresh from the trees. Negroes constantly swarmed in. througli the gate and half filled the dooryard, offering their services, vending fruits and vege tables, or attracted by curiosity. This was a novelty to Mr. Brown, and he listened' patiently to what they had to say, several times uncomplainingly saw them pocket small articles, and only turned away with a low, sly laugh. It was different with Mrs. Brown. " These darkies, I declare, will be the doatlr of me," she complained. " I did not imagine there were so many in the whole world. And such a tribe of them as you have to have about the house in tbiB oountry. Just think, William, I have engaged a cook, and a helper in the kitchen; a chambermaid, a waitress, a laundress, a gardener, and a boy, just to do the work for three persons. I never saw anything like it." ' I guess you can manage them, my dear," was the electrician's only reply, with the sus picion of a Birule. When the workshop was ready little was seen of Mr. Brown or Thomas by day or by night. A low humming sound at first aroused the curiosity of the servants, but the windows were carefully curtained and the door was always locked, so they learned nothing about the mysterious room. One day at dinner Mrs. Brown said— " These darkies going past are stealing all our oranges, William. There is a negro settle ment a mile or two up the road, and they go past early in the morning on their way to town, and come back after dark,*and climb over the orchard walk The cook says they Btripped one of the best trees last night." "Oh, never mind, dear," the easy-going electrician replied; oranges are cheap in this. country, and tbe people are poor; let them have them." Mrs. Brown thought he was entirely too good-natured, and said bo ; and Thomaa said he believed tbe electrician would let a man steal the coat oS his book without complaining, and this conversation was repeated by the waitress to the other servants, and so reached the darkies in the negro settlement. But after dinner Mr. Brown sent Thomas to the town to buy twenty feet of two- inch bar iron, and while he was gone he opened the large ease that was labelled "explosives," and took from it a dozen canisters of gunpowder and a number of packages marked "red fire," " blue fire," "yellow fire," and fires of various other colours. All these he put carefully away in a safe place. From another box he took several large and shining bells—gongs. When Thomas returned presently with a coloured man carrying the bar iron it was taken into the workroom and the door was locked. The electrician at once set to work at the lathe, cutting the iron bar into short pieces, each about four inches long. " Thomas," said he, pausing a moment at his work, " I wish you had brought your stereop ticon along." "I did bring it," Thomas replied. "I thought it might amuBe us in the long winter i evenings." "Good," said the electrician. "Then sup- j pose you unpack it andput it in order. I think we will use it to-morrow evening." Thomas set about cleaning and putting together the stereopticon, and Mr. Brown con- ' tinuedhis work with the bar iron. When it was all cut into the Bhort pieces he put ; each piece on the lathe and bored it three inohea deep With a three-quarter-inch bit, thus j making leach one a hollow tube, solid at one ! end. When this was done he put each piece on the lathe again and bored a tiny hole through the side, about big enough to hold a knitting needle, and an inch and a quarter from tne solid end. He then put a bit of fine wire, not much larger than a horsehair, in each of the tiny holes, and fastened it in plaoe with an atom of solder, so that the hole was not entirely stopped{ and with about two inches of the wire protruding. When they were done they were eighty little cannon, and looked as if they had been made by a master workman, as indeed they had. Mr. Brown then loaded ten of them with powder, hut no hall, and rammed the charge home tight. The following afternoon the electrician spent an unusual time in the orange grove, which lay between the house and the road. And he spent an hour, or more in one of the upper rooms, which had a window overlooking the orange trees. In the short tropioal twilight, whde sitting on the piazza smoking his pipe, he quietly asked Mrs. Brown whether she had ever seen a darky robbing an orange- tree. "No," that lady replied, "ana it wouldn't be well for the darky if I should. They rob our trees every night, and we'll soon be with out any oranges at all." The electrician led his wife upstairs to the room overlooking the orange grove. Then she Baw the stereopticon mounted by the open window, and a small board shelf on which were several telegraph keys. It was already so dark that a person sitting by the window could not be seen, although a moving form outside would be visible. " Now, if you will take that chair by the window, my dear, and not say a word under any circumstances, I will, if I have good luck, show you a darky robbing an orange-tree." Mrs. Brown did as she was requested, and Mr. Brown drew a chair in front of the key board where he could see the orange-trees and smoked liis pipe. There was not a sound on the still evening but the slight humming made by the dynamo. They had not long to wait. Soon, they heard the voices of a party of darkies coming up tbe rood, some singing and some talking. They came nearer and nearer, till they wore in front of the orange grove. The voices ceased, and the six or eight in the party came up close to the wall. One spry young darky raised himself to the top of tho wall, looked around, climbed up, and dropped inside. Tbe others evidently were to wait outside and have the oranges brought to them. The youngster inside waited a moment, then disappeared in the gloom under the orange trees. Mrs. Brown sat breathless, and Mr. Brown sat with his finger on one of the keys. A scraping sound was heard as of a hoy olimb ing a tree; there was a slight rustle of the leaves and an orange dropped. The electrioian pressed the key. "Bang!" said one of the guns not far from the tree the boy was in. " Oh 1 hi! hi! Mass' Boss! Moss' Boss!" cried toe clarity in ine tree. "(Bang!" said another gun in a distant part of the grove, and the feet of the darkies outside were heard flying up the road. " Bang! bang!" said two more guns. " Mass' Boss, don' shoot, don' shoot, I come down," cried the terrified darky, and his words were instantly verified, for at that moment the electrician touched anotherkey and the stereop ticon threw its full glare of light into the tree, which startled the hoy into loosening his hold, and be "came down shoulder first and struck the ground with a thud. He was on his feet again at once, but too bewildered to stir, and at that instant, at the touch of another key, a big bell began to ring violently. Bang! bang 1 bang !" in every direction; it was enough to frighten a stouter heart than beat inside the young darky's jacket, and with a terrified cry he started for the wall. But he changed his course before he had taken three steps, for at the touch of another key there flashed up before him a bright red flame. A wild shriek, bewildered dashes in several direc tions. and the boy reached the wall and went over it at a bound, the last section of his heels being saluted with " Bang ! bang !" Tire electrician coolly closed the window. "Well, my dear,"hesaid, "you havonotyet seen a darky rob an orange tree, but you have seen one try it." Mr. Brown had never indulged in such sportive games at home and Mrs. Brown attributed the change to the salubrious climate, which was doing him good already. She was in a little doubt about the guns until their mechanism and their harmless character were explained to ber. Such an unwarranted and unheard-of attack with firearms upon an honest boy who was j merely "tryin' to get a few sweet or'nges" made a tremendous excitement in the negro settlement, and the story Boon reached the town. The darkies outside the wall who ran j away attributed the account of the lights to the i boy's frightened imagination, but the firing was undeniable. Of course the story lost nothing in the telling. The boy was killed; ho was desperately wounded; a bullet went through bis bat; and the Yankee at Sea View kept his orange grove full of armed men ready to fire at any "pore boy" found on the premises. Con sequently the orange grove was safe for the remainder of the season. But the darkies felt a little spiteful againBt the Yankee at Sea View who was so ready to shoot them down, and showed it in a number of petty ways. Young boys and girls hardly ever passed the gate after dark without pulling the bell handle and then running away. In a short time this became annoying, and Mrs. Brown complained abont it. The bell handle was of brass, and it con nested with an iron wire whioh rang a bell in the kitchen. Mr. Brown sent Thomas to the town to find a flat iron plate about three feet square, and in the hardware store he found it, and it was neatly laid in front of the gatepost, as though to keep visitors out of the mad. That day the electrician had a little business in the lane, and in the dusk heconneoted an innocent wire with the dynamo. This trap required no watching, being automatio in it action. Soon after dark a party of boys and girls walked up the road toward the settlement, barefoot, as they always were. When they came opposite the gate one of the boys ran up to the bell handle and gave it a violent pull. At that moment he received an electric shock that made his arm sore. " Bang 1" said a gun just inside the gate. "Oh, oh, enow 1 shrieked the boy, and the whole party ran up the road as fast as their little legs would carry them. This boy also had a narrow escape—in the settlement s telling of it. He heard a bullet whistle past his ear, and there was some talk of complaining to the Magistrate. But after that the bell handle was undisturbed. This incident, however, added fuel to the flame, and the coloured people were more indig nant ever. " Dat Yankee at Sea View, he d shoot a pore boy jes' for a ringin' his bell, he would." But still they were not indignant enough to stop robbing him, and the electri cian worked on day alter day in happy uncon sciousness of the commotion he had made. It was manifestly unsafe to steal the oranges with so many armed men on guard; but there was the cocoanut grove. This grove was some distance from the house, down toward the water, and it offered great temptations to hungry and thirsty passers-by, for every tree wasloaded with the juicy nuts. Some venture some spirit tried it, and got off safely with a bagful of coooanuts, and the news that the Sea View icoooanut grove was unguarded spread through the settlement. Then nightly depre dations were made, and they were soon discovered. "William," eaid Mrs. Brown one day, "I have never seen a darky rob a cocoanut tree." This hint was sufficient, and the electrician made a long visit to the cocoanut grove, carry ing with him some of the implements of us trade. Before dark that evening he returned to the grove, having stationed Mrs. Brown at an upper window in the house. He settled himself in a oosy place he had made among the branches of a thick low tree and awaited developments. This was a longer wait than the other, but at length he was rewarded, The new moon was partially obscured by clouds, but he saw four men climb the wall, there very low, and advance into the grove. He looked at the keyboard before him and saw that all was ready. The men went well into the grove and separated. In a moment he saw the four climbing trees—one man to a tree—and each carrying a large bag to hold the nuts. He waited till they were well up among the branches, some of them thirty feet from the ground, and then touohed a key. j '• Whir-r-r-r,"said a big gong in the middleof i the grove. I "Hist 1" said one of the darkies. ! He touched another key and " Bang! bang ] bang 1" went the gunB in different parts of the ground. Four darkies began to slide down four coooa nut trees, and they do that work rapidly. But they are not as quick as the eleotrio current. The electrician pressed another key and colored fires flashed up all over the grove. They were in circles around twenty or thirty of the trees red circles, blue circles, green circles, and yellow, A blue darky slid down one tree, a yellow darky down another, a red darky, and a green. Seeing this terrible sight they all set up a howl and stopped, suspended in mid air. Another key. " Bang! bang! bang 1" all around them. This settled the day (or the night) in favour of flight. What those fires might do for them they did not know, but they did know the effects of bullets, and, still howling, they all! slid down and ran for their lives. A few more touches of the keys, and in their flight they were fired at from every quarter, and two gongs rang an alarm that might have been heard at the other end of the island. From that night the cocoanut grove was as safe as the oranges. It was surprising what narrow escapes those men had. One who had scratched his face on a bush showed where a bullet had " jes' grazed biB cheek." Another declared that a white man jumped up in front of him and pulled the trigger with the muzzle in his face, but the piece missed fire. One was bold enough to say that he had knooked a white man down with a stone; and the fourth was confident that he saw at least fifty armed men in the grove. The whole town was full of it uextday—the Yankee at Sea View kept a company of soldiers watch ing his place. But nobody except the four men believed in the coloured fires. This put an end to the potty thievery of fruit, but more important depredations began. Sea View had a large chicken establishment well Btocked, and Mis. Brown had bought all the fowls for the table. The fowlhouse had a wire front and a door that was shut every night, but did not lock. The fowls began to diappear rapidly, and nearly every morning three or four were missing. This thief was evidently of a different character from the stealers of fruit. They were mere casual pilferers, butthechicken thief was a professional. Mrs. Brown, mourn ing the loss of her fowls, complained that she had nevtr seen a darky rob a henroost. " You know how anxious I am to please you, my dear," the electrician replied, and that day his exercise was taken in the chicken-yard. To sit up and watch for a chicken thief was out of the question, for he might come at any hour of the night; but no matter, it was merely a problem of a crossed wire and an extra coil, and the thief trap was made auto matic. At 2 o'clock the next morning a small gong, well muffled, began to ring at the head of the electrician's bed. That indicated that the door leading to the chicken yard had been opened, and be hastily awoke Mrs. Brown and led her to a window that overlookedthe soene of action. They reached there in the niok of time, just as the thief opened the door of the fowlhouse, which began the engagement. The electrician knew when the inner door was opened, because at that instant— " Bang! bang!" went two guns by the very side of the thief's head. "Cackle-aekle-aokle-cack-cack-oaok"— "ex- j claimed every chicken in the house, and flut- j tered down from the roosts in a panio, and— j Flash! went the glare of the stereopticon, making the whole scene bright as day and showing the thief, frightened out of his wits, ! running for life down the lane. ''There!' exclaimed the electrician, "that is the first mistake I have made for five years. I should have had those doors closed automati- ' cally, but they don't, and now they're both open, and I have to send a boy out to dose them, or your hens will be all outand he left the room to call a boy. I " IJdeclare, William H. Brown," said his astonished wife when he returned, "you do 1 beat anything I ever saw. How did you make all those things do themselves?" I "I am surprised, my dear," the electrician calmly replied, as he settled himself in the bed Again, "that you should wonder at so simple an eRect. When the thief opened thefowlnouse door he connected the wires—that was alL The current then entered the wires that I had fastened to the tops of the roosts, and the chickens, being shocked, fluttered and re treated. The current was by the same more conducted to the eleotric lamp in the stereopti oon, which was already focused on the chicken house door. You know how the Quaker guns were fired. Nothing could be more simple; the merest novice could do it as wellana in two minutes more he was asleep. The coloured people of the settlement were chary now about entering any part of the Sea Yiew grounds; but they took every safe oppor tunity to annoy the Yankee, who, as they thought,{was so anxious to kill them. Among other little spiteful things they made aB much noise as possible in [passing the place in the evening, singing, shouting, and even dancing on the smooth road. This they carried to suon an extent that at length the electrioian said, "This damp night air is not wholesome for those negroes, Thomas. I think they had better be at home before dark, and if you will assist with the stereoptioon this evening, we will take measures to have the road clear in the future before the night dews begin to falL" Thomas was very willing to assist, and before dark that evening the two electrioians were enugly ensconsed among the branches of a great almond-tree near the road, whence they could Bee all who passed without being seen themselves. There were many paBsers-by, but tbe operators waited till it was quite dark, and then until a large and nciBy party approached. When they were fairly past, the gate they saw a sight that froze the blood in their veins. First there was a flash of light by the road side, and then a flat rock burst into a blaze. From the flame there rose a cloud of smoke, and in the smoke there instantly appeared the form of a gallows, and from it a man hanging, swaying in the breeze. The black cap was drawn over his face, and his arms and legs were pinioned. The negroes set up a piercing shriek and turned and fled. Before they were fifty feet away the smoke, the gallows, and the man had all disappeared ;.butthedarkiesdid not notstop till they reached a distant corner, where was a road which would take them homo by a round about way. Presently another party of negroes came along, singing, shouting, and chattering. Again the flash, the burning rook, and the smoke. But thiB time, instead of the gallows, there appeared the spectre of a drunken man, holding in one hand a decanter and in the other an empty glass. Quick as thought, the decanter is raised, the glass is filled, and the bacchanal lifts it to his lips. But as he does so the glass bursts into flame, and fire pours from the man's mouth. Again a chorus of shrieks, a stampede, and the spectre fades away. After a little time a third party approached. Once more a flash, a flame, and a cloud of smoke. And in the smoke appeared a terrible monster, shaped like a huge shark, but walking on sixlegs, his sides covered with luminousscale, his long tail forked, and his great red moutn opening wide and clanking shut again, Bhowing his rows of horrible teeth. More shrieks, of course, more running, and then silenoe and darkness. "I think, Thomas, that will do for this evening," said the electrician, "by to-morrow our ghosts will be walking all over the island and our coloured friends will be spared the consequences of breathing this unwholesome night air." Such wonders as these could not continue long without attracting the attention of the whole island, whites as well as blacks. A rumour reached the Government House that a celebrated electrician from " the States" was wintering at Sea View, and when the Governor heard of the Sea View ghosts and miracles he was not slow in putting this and that together and ascribing them to the true cause. When he learned that the electrician was no other than the distinguished William H. Brown he threw ceremony to the winds and drove out to Sea View one evening to call. Fortunately the bell handle was no longer connected with the dynamo. The Governor was a pleasant fellow, and clever, far above the average Governor in in telligence, and deeply interested in electricity; so he and the electrician were soon the best of friends, and, wonders of wonders, the Governor was taken into the sacred workroom and saw the dynamo in operation. " Oh, the ehosts !" the electrician laughed, when the Governor carefully approached the subject. "Well, the ghosts answered their purpose. A smoke, stereopticon, a ghost—the three follow one another naturally. So they thought the rock burst into a flame, did they? A veiy natural conclusion. There was a wire running to the rock, of course, connected with the dynamo, and controlled by a key in my hands in the tree where I was concealed. A little brown powder on the rock, a touch of the key, a flash, and a smoke. Then the stereop ticon, also with us in the tree, shows upon the smoke any picture we like. Of course, you understand how, by moving the double slides, figures can be made to move. Guna ? Oh, yes, here are the guns, mere toys, like Chinese crackers. We have done nothing that was worthy of an amateur, but it has given ub some amusement and saved our cocoanuts." _ While the Governor was examining the dynamo, the electrician, the floodgates of Bpeech for once opened, went on—"I have prepared a little surprise for my neighbours, which I intended to give them to-morrow evening; but as your Excellency is here, and as everything can be made ready in a few minutes, I can just as well let them have it to night, if you can wait." The Governor was only too happy to wait, and the electrician and his assistant hurriedly made their preparations. When all was ready they retired to the detached kitchen in a dis tant corner of the yard, Mrs. Brown, the Governor, and the two electricians, fastening themselves in, and leaving the house in total darkness. " This will be the last electrical miracle at Sea View," the electrician said, "for I must stop playing, and settle down to work. But this will be at least a lively one, and in a few minutes the grounds will probably be full of people. Perhaps your Exoellency will do me the honour to open the entertainment by pressing that key." The Governor touched the key indicated, and instantly there blazed up a bright yellow light, apparently issuing from the roof of the house. The electrician then took charge, touching a key here and there in the row attached to one of the kitchen tables, and light after light flashed up all along the top of the roof, bursting apparently through the windows, filling the upper air with Bmoke, in which the flames were reflected again, and making the grounds as bright as day. In the lower parts of the house the flame was red; everywhere else it was yellow. The electrician touched another key and a large gong began to ring violently. A man ran up the road crying "Fire!" Another and another. " Fire I Fire 1" echoed in eveiy direction. Coloured men burst through the gate and ran across the yard, crying "Fire!" They clambered over the walls and poured in from all points—front, back, and aides. A light touch upon another key and the yellow flame on the top of the house sprang up higher and higher. There is a sound of a bell approaching. It is the.engine Company from the town," the Governor says, and in another minute a hand engine of a prehistorio age lumbers into the yard, dragged by a soore of excited men. The yard is full of people. Another touch upon another key and coloured fires flash out all over the grounds— blue fires, green, yellow, red, white. Another key and there is a rattle of musketry in all directions, as if a battle were in progress. "Now watch the house,"says theeleotrioian. He touches one more key and there is a tremendous explosion, as if the whole house were blown to atoms. One key more and every light disappears, as if Sea View had been swallowed up by the neighbouring ocean. The house, the grounds, all in total darkness, where an instant before had been a blaze of light. The crowd, blinded for the instant, slowly recovered andgroped their way out of the yard. That insane Yankee had played them another trick. "Wonderful! Wonderful!" exolaimed the Governor, as they made their way back to the house after the people were gone. "But allow me one question. That was Greek fire yon used, of course. But how did you extinguish all the lights at the same instant ?" " By merely pressing the key that shut the covers of the tm boxes in whioh the fire was burned," the electrician replied. " Astonishing 1" exclaimed the Governor. " Merely a little Fourth of July for a child," said the electrioian. " Relaxation for an idle hour. _ Electricity has tremendous possibilities, but this is play." William H. Brown and the people of the Isle of Delight have equal cause to remember with pleasure the electrician's first winter in the tropics; the former because of the reconstructed lungs that promise to do him many a year's service, and yet the latter whenever they look at the elestrio lights that every night illuminate the Government House and the principal streets of the town. 