riijy THE PRIZE RAISEST. Story of the Seventeenth Century. " Bless your dear heart, Mistress Margery, and thank yo kindly for bringing this heavy basket down to me yourself," exclaimed Daiuo Creanily, her round, apple face expanding into a broad, beaming smile, as she drew forth the savoury articles of Christmas cheer sent her from the great house. "Pray bear my humble thanks and respects to your aunt, for sorely would we poor folks fare these troublesome times were it not for Sir Humphrey and his good lady." 44 And you and your son arc to come np to the hall to-morrow night, at early candlelight, and join in the merrymaking in the big kitchen," said Mistress Margery. 44 Never fear, we will be ou hand, though verily I misdoubt Sir Humphrey is as lightsome of heart as in years agone. But how is your sister. Mistress Elizabeth, this misty weather?" 44 Not so well as I could wish," sighed Margery, the happy glow fading from her lace. 44 She declares that nothing ails her, yet every dav she gets thinner and whiter, and seems to care not a whit for the Christmas nmminings, in which she used to so delight." ^ - V Alnf-kj poor lady I No doubt she pines for \- Master Hariy. Such a bonny young gentleman as he was, and so fond of her, too ! Ah, well a-day 1 The king is secure on his throne, but at a heavy cost, I trow! Marry, Mistress Margery, Is it true that you have never heard aught of the young master, and know not wlTether he be on earth or in heaven ?" "Never a word, and his name is never men tioned at Green Conrt. Sir Humphrey dis owned him when lie joined the Duke of Mon mouth's army, and says it is as though henever had a sou." 44 Alack, alack! And my lady?" 44 Outwardly she agrees with her husband, but sometimes I fancy her heart cries nay, though she be as stanch a royalist as any of us." 4 4 Luck-a-mercy! But was she not "a mother first?" . 44 True, Goody, and niuch I wish my Cousin TTVi had not been so hot-headed and so foolish in his attachment to that wily pretender. * But, bless me, the shadows are "falling and I mpst away at once; so good night to yc, and a very merry Yule." It was clear, crisp Christmas Eve, in the year, of our Lord 16S5, and the 44 peace and good trill" of the happy, holy season came with .peculiar significance after the turbulent waves of strife, dissension, and direst cruelty which during the past twelve months had swept over theland and through which James Stuart had missed to the throne of England, which he now held, as it were, at the point of the sword. But winsome, 13-year-old Margery' Dal rnnple bothered her pretty head little about affairs of State, as she skipped lightly over the frozen ground in the direction of the liall, for her brain was busy with things nearer home. "Ho, ho," she thought, 44can Dame Creamly be right and it be Hal Penderill that Bess is wearying her dear heart out for? Faith, and he was a right merry lad, and I loved him dearly myself! I wish I could learn some tidings of him with which to bring back the roses to my sweet sister's cheek; but, alas! I fear be is dead, or if not, Sir Humphrey would never allow him to enter Green Court. He is such a stern man and cares for scarce anything but his dogs and the king." Tlieae thoughts had hardly flashed beneath the brown curls hidden in the blue, wadded hood when thelittle maid wasbrought to a startled standstill, and uttered an exclamation of terror, as a dark figure suddenly stepped from behind a tree and stood directly before her in the lonely woodland path, saying in a low whisper, 44 Hist, Margery! For it is Margery, I swear ! Dost thou not know me, little one ?" 44Itis—yes, it must be Hal!" gasped the girl as soon as she found voice to speak. 44 But, lack-a-racrcy! how you frightened me, and why do you come here in this secret fashion and that rustical dress? " and the little lady glanced with some disdain at the young man's course breeches and leaiher jerkin. 44 Because a fugitive dare not be seen in velvet and lace ruffles; but, sweetheart, is this all the welcome you have for your worthless kinsman and old playfellow T "Can it be thev have turned even you against me? " "Nay, nay," half sobbed Margery, whose affection and loyalty were struggling fiercely for the mastery. 441 am glad, truly glad to see thee!" and throwing her arms around her cousin's neck, she kissed him right warmly. "But where have you tarried all these many months?" 44 In Holland, sweetheart, There were hard knocks at the battle of Sedgmoor, and after ward I but just escaped falling into Jack Ketch's clutches br the skin of wy teeth, and got away to the Low Countries, where I lay for three months suffering from a wound in my leg. Only now have I ventured back to Eng land, drawn by the longing I felt to see you all. But tell me or my father and mother. They are well, I trust." " 44 Aye, but Sir Humphrey has forbidden that your name be spoken in the house under pain of his severest displeasure, and would have you turned from the gate3 should you appear there. Oh, dear Hal, how could you go so against his wishes and side with that im postor ?" 44 Because, forsooth, I never believed him one until after his own confession to King Jame s; nor would you, Margery, could you havee seen him and heard his voice. Never was tbera so fair-spoken a man or one better fitted to le d men by the nose! You knowthe Taun ton maids were all carried away by his comely ountenance." "Yes, alack! and suffered sorely for their devotion, poor Trendies! But happy am I, Hal. to hear you acknowledge your folly." " Yes, X see now th-.t it was all a gigantic mistake ; hnt, verily, v. e thought we were up holding the Protestant religion by fighting for Monmouth, and now I nave come all this j way to confess my error and heg my father's | pardon." " He will never grant it—will never even see , yon." ""What! 2Cot if thou plead my cause, fair coz ? Try what you can do for me 'twixt now and wassail time to-morrow, and, faith, you shall never regret it." .. "I would indeed Icoiddhdp you! "cried Margery, "hut I sco not how, for Sir Humphrey always overcomes mo with awe, and I scarce venture to open my lips before j him." Courage, faint heart! Be hravc for once," urged Hal. *{Gain me but an audience, and the rest will I do myself." The girl shook her head doubtfully, but, as the pleading oyes looked imploringly into hers, "I will—try," at length dropped slowly from j her lips. " That's my own, true little kinswoman!" "But mind, meanwhile you must stay snug at Dame Creamly's. If all goes well I will meet you atihe side door of the hall just after night fall, to-morrow. If not, you must away again atonce." "We will see; and now, one more kiss for good-bye, and one for thy sister Bess, who, I hope, lias not forgotten scapegrace Hal." ' "Nay, I think she would be glad to welcome j youand then Margery darted away, while I her heart beat painfully when she realised to what she had pledged herself, for she spoke truly when she said she stood sadly in dread of ] her "uncle and guardian, whom she only saw when home from school for the holidays. In deed, in those days young people, in the pre- I sence of their elders, rarely ventured to speak I until spoken to. But when she came upon her | older sister in the great hall at Green Court, j and noted how different she was now from the blithe, rosy Bess, of the Christmas before, she j felt ready to brave a dozen Sir Humphrey Pen- | derills if she could but bring joy to the one | creature who, since her parents' death, she loved best of all in the world. That night,' little Margery Dalrymple tossed restlessly on her couch in her small, bare, turret chamber, until, just as the Christmas bells rang ^utfrom a ueigkbouring'village, an idea came to her like aninspiration and, with a smile upon \ her lips, she sank into a sweet, dreamless sleep. ' • • Sir Humphrey Pcnderill was truly a royalist of tho royalists, as had been his father and grandfather before him. None had chafed more sorely than he beneath the dreary rule of the Protector, while he was one of the first to wel come the Stuarts to their own again, and bend in joyful allegiance to Charles II. when he j landed at Dover. He was a devout believer in the " divine right of kings," and it was the severest blow the worthy baronet had ever re ceived, when, shortly after James H. succeeded his brother, his only child Harry ventured to j question the lawful right of the reigning j sovereign and joined in a rebellion which had I broken out, headed by the Duke of Monmouth, who also aspired to the throne. "Without flinch ing, however, Sir Humplircy at once denounced j Iris boy as a "rebel and a disgrace to the i Pcnderill name," and disowned him from ! that day. As months glided by after the rising had .been suppressed, and the leader, with many of his followers, had j paid the penalty of his rashness at the I hands of the executioner, and still no word of ; the gallant young fellow had come to the quiet country home, he became more stern and more wedded to the ways of his ancestors than ever, and would not deign to try and learn aught of ■ the fate of his son and heir. Despising the Soundheads from the bottom of his soul, he I scorned their plain attire, and wore ilic richest I of velvet clothes and lacc ruffles, and no one ; affected a longer ilowiug wig of curled hair, or bigger, brighter shoe buckles, while he was ! always surrounded hv a troop or the pretty j little black and tan dogs made fashionable by Charles II., and which have ever since been ; known as King Charles's spaniels. Christ ma?, too, a day >*ver observed by the Puritans, was kept witli peculiar honour at Green Court ! Hall, with fun and feasting for high and low. 1 This December 25, 16S5, was no exception to the rule. The tables groaned beneath their weight of roast beef, boar's head, plum i pudding, and mince pies, and in the afternoon large parties of young folks came, from far and near, to'join with the baronet's wards in the gay, holiday festivities held in the great hall, while the servants ar.d tenants made merry in I the kitchen beneath. ' Cheerily the liolly and mistletoe gleamed on the stately walls, and serenely the ]>ortr;ut* of dead-and-gone Penderills and Dalrymples beamed down upon the joyous groups tliat danced on the nolish&d; floor, whorr* hnwiwr-r danced on the polished floor, where, however, none of the maidens were fairer than bright eyed, sparkling Margery, as, in a pretty ] quilted, scarlet kirtle and embroidered gown of i silver gray, she coquettishly trod a minuet .with I Bernard Verney, a youth of 15 and one of the j pages to Ker Majesty the Queen, hut who at j this time was off duty and spending the lioli- I days at his father's house, in a neighbouring county. Very confidential, too, they scorned, for they had long been the best of friends, and to the young conrtier alone had the little maid confided the scheme she had planned for help ing her cousin, but which she was almost afraid to carry out. "A brave little couple, forsootb, and graceful withal!" quoth Sir Humphrey, who stood in the doorway; while Bessie turned away with a sigh, thinking, " Cau ho forget that it was Hal end I who won his praise in years gone by?" Just then ft servant entered njUi ft SSgtyHfti ^" around tho dish of fire, chanting m chorus:— • Hero ho cornea with flammg bowl, DonTt he weau to take his toll 1 f*nipl Snap! Dragon! . . Take care you don't take too much, Be not greedy iu your clutch* Snip! Snap! Dragon. "With his hluo and lapping tongue Jlanv ot you will bo stuug, Snip! Snap! Dragon! •For ho snaps at each that comes, Snntching at his feast of piums, Snin' Snan! Dragon! But ol<l Christmas makes him come, Though he looks so fee-fn-fuin! Suipt Snap! Dragon! • Don't 'ee fear him, but heboid. Out ho goes, his flame? are cold, Snio! Snni>! Dragon! At Uie same time, with frightened little screams and much laughter, they snatched gingerly at the burning raisins. _ " "Good speed to ye all! called Sir. Hum phrey, as he turned aivay, irith some of his particular friends and cronies, to seek Hie wassail-howl in tliewithdrawing-room. ."And, remember, whoever gets the prizo raisin- the ^ one with the. gold button in^it—may ask oi mo whatever he or she most desires, and 'twill he wanted if in my power, even should the lucky one demand my favourito spaniel or best falcon. That is Christmas law at Green Court. "Huzza!" and " Thank yc, thank ye, Sir Humphrey!" hurst from the delighted young sters, while only Bernard observed that Margery turned pale and trembled from head to foot. - - ,,, , . 1 1' How is your time, Margery, lie whispered. " Don't look so woful, hut plungo in boldly. Such happiness to Bady Pcn&crill; and: pretty Bess is sure worth a few blisters." Thus urged, the girl marched bravely up to the howl of snap-dragon, thrust in her hand among the red and yellow flames, and kept it there! • . A little cry escaped her, wlnle Bessie ex claimed : '1 Child, what are you doing ? You , will be sadly burned." Bat not until her fingers touched tho raisin containing the gold button did Margery withdraw her hand, while she also brought out a number of burns on her soft, smooth palm and taper Angers. "Shehasit! Margery has the button," shouted.the boys and girls. " " But it was not fair to feel round the bowl eo long," growled one little chap, who had set his heart on possessing Chloe, the handsomest of the spaniels, hnt the others quickly stopped his grumbling by retorting, " A pretty notion, forsooth I Faith, we all could have done the same, audit von had chosen to blister yonr fingers as Margery has, you might have gained your wish as well. She must want something very much." - - 'Poorlittle fingers!" murmured Bernard, bending over Ids little friend's hand. "But the worst is to come," she groaned, 1 for the burns are nothing compared to facing my guardian and mentioning the name he has forbidden us to utter." "Oddsfish, girl! He is not an ogre to gobble you up, and I warrant he would give 3us wig'for a chance to swallow his pride with dignity, and welcome gallant Hal home again." "Nay, nay, I misdoubt that," said Margery. Nevertheless, casting one loving glance at Bessie, she walked with a firm step,, though a beating heart, to the withdrawing-room, where sl»e found the baronet looking less stern than usual, as he quaffed a wassail with .Colonel Bead and Admiral Seatou; but how could * she know of the longing that was tugging at his heart-strings ? V "Well, Mistress Margery, so you are the lucky wench to-night!" cried genial old Colonel Bead, as the little maiden appeared, holding out the golden button. " And, pray, ' what is your petition,to bo? - Anew heart-* breaker to wear in your bonny curls, I venture to say, or some other gewgaw such as you silly gig'cts love." I "Yes, Margery, what is it you desire?" asked Sir Humphrey, liis features relaxing into | the ghost of a smile. \ It was a- favourable moment, and the girl j seized it. "Nay, uncle," she stammered, "it j is neither heart-breakers nor gewgaws that I | wish, hut—but for forgiveness for——" "For whom, prav? Is it Chloe? Surely the beast lias not been in mischief again ?" "Nay, it is not ^ the spaniel, but one much dearer/ It—is—even for my cousin—Hal, that I plead." The name was out, and Margery waited trembling, while an awkward silence fell on the group, and Sir Humphrey turned white to tho very lips. " Girl," lie thundered at length, " dost thou not know that tlic rebel's name is tabooed in tins house?" " Yes, 3'es," sohhed the suppliant, falling on her knees, "but he has come back sick xuid wounded, and so ready to confess that he was wrong, and beg pardon of both you and the King! Oh, dear uncle, pray sec lum once at least! As the winner of the prize raisin, I ask this favour, wliich you are bound to grant. Remember, 'tis Christmas law at Green Court!" "Ha, 1m, gossip, the lass has you there !" chuckled Colonel Bead, " and X for one would be rarely glad to greet the young rascal once more." '' Did you say, Margery, that he acknow ledges that the duke was in the wrong ?" "Yes, sir." " And lie will ask my pardon ?" " Yes, yes, uncle." "Humph I "Well, never yet has a Pendcrill denied the request of the winner of the gold button, and I, forsooth, cannot do lcs3 than iny * forefathers. Where is tho fellow?" "•Just without, dear uncle," anil Margery, joyfully springing up and darting from tho room, presently returned, leading tho shame faced young soldier by tho hand. "Father!" " Harry, my son!" And as the two men looked into each other's faces and marked the change tho last six months had wrought in each, their hearts melted,', tlioir-palms met, and tho colonel and admiral drank a " wassail" to the long-desired peace and tho reunion of tho Penderills. Never was . so liappy n Christmas night inmi nf. firiwn OniirL ! *Rncatn lilnnmo^ «,,*• known at Green Court! Bessio bloomed out likca rose in tho mm ; tlio servants and tenants, led by Jack Creoraly, elieercd themselves hoarse for tho "return of the youu£ squire" ; whilo Lady PeiulerilL clashed Margery in her ju-jus with such a loving- loss, and gratc ful words of thanksgiving, that the girl almost" forgot hor smarting lingers and danced and saug for very joy. So well was Sir Humphrey known as the stanchest of royalists, that ho had little diffi culty in procuring for his recreant son a full and free*pardon from "his most gracious Ma jestr," and before ICing James's short reign' was over, and ho had been displaced by "William and Mary of Orange, Hal and Bessie were married in tho pretty village church, and Margery, in silver and white, figured as the daintiest of dainty bride-maidens; whilo she assured the gallaut little page, Bernard, that she had been repaid a thousandfold for the pain she suffered in plucking the prize raisin from the bowl of snap dragon .—American Magazine. 