Sketcher. j . Optical Illusions. ; ' . JLr any one wishes to make an emphatic statement about an occurrence or thing, and says, 1 It must he so,' I saw it myself,' he con- siders the matter is settled. I shall try to show that seeing is not- always beiievmg, and tnat many things we see are merely optical illusions and not to he entirely depended on as facts. I use the term as a title in the widest pos- , sible sense, and intend including in the sub ject any case in which we see, or think we see, anything differently from what it is in reality. My paper will be divided, more for convenience than with scientific accuracy, into three parts. First, illusions depending on optical contrivances — reflection and refraction heiDg the chief causes of deception ; secondly, illusions depending on the structure of the eye — here we shall discuss color irradiation, and binocular phenomena ; and thirdly, opti cal illusions depending on the brain, or the ! interpretations of the sensations received by ; the eye. In this section I shall give instances ; in which! the judgment is misled, and con- j-. elude with a few words ou apparitions. ' I- — Illusions Depending on Optical Contriv- ances. — Probably the best known optical illu- , : sion is Pepper's ghost. Here a plate of plane glas is placed at an angle of 45 degrees near \- the front of the stage, before it the Btage floor is some feet lower, and any strongly i illuminated object on the floor in a horizontal ... position appears upright and on the stage. ( ; One of my friends recently showed me a ' device depending on the same principle, by £! ' ' which a photograph in glass is superposed on an ordinary carte. Deflection is responsible for some of the tricks of the Davenport Brothers and for the Y curiosities known as living heads without 0 bodies, etc. The converse of this may be seen in the palace of Versailles, where a com- I binalion of mirrors makes spectators appear ' headless. The ' optical paradox' enables one appar ently to see throusrh a brick, but really four plane mirrcis carry the light round the f., obstacle. In the ' phantom bouquet' concealed flowers !', are made by a coneave mirror to appear in a vase. Coneave and convex cylindrical mir- rors cause sirange and amusing distortions of the faces of those looking at them. Befraction makes a pond appear shallower ' than it is, and a stick put in water appears P ) tent. By refraction of light through layers , of air of different densities, the strange illu- ir; sions known as mirages are produced. £,i If a wine glass is partly filled with water ,,r! and inverted on a plate with a coin on it, re- V fraction causes the coin to appear en the sur- face of the water, and itis also seen directly, , hut enlarged. By means of the double re- fraction ot Iceland spar, a dot placed under f.i it appears as two. \'f. - II- — Illusions Depending on lite Structure of |U V; . Aye.— Several interesting illusions deppnd '.f on the fact that an image on the retina lasts ; about an eighth of a second. In the thauma- |jrf trope a card has an object drawn on each , Jide, say a bird on one side and a cage on the other ; if the card is rotated, the images are 5 superposed and the bird appears in the cage. In the zoetrope and the phantascope a mov- l $ foff object, as a swinging pendulum, is drawn : in successive stages, and while the series is of) rotated and viewed through slits, the pendu» lum appears to be swinging backward and jjf, -forward. For ihe same reason a vibrating ill? string appears as a flat plate, and we think lightning lasts much longer than it actually , j. \ des> 'while without this 'persistence' fire- v works would lose most of their beauty. The pii;'. rotating vacuum bulbs form a very pretty # illustration of this, hut as the illumination is i intermittent, the tube appears as a rayed star and not aB a continuous circle, I - V That white light is composed of all colors may be shown by rotating a disk with seg ments, colored in proper proportions, when the colors are blended, and it appears white, or more correctly gray. Physiologically, white, light is made up of the three colors, red, green and, violet, which we probably perceive by three sets of nerve fibres of the retina. On the border of the retina the red-perceiving nerve fibres are absent. We can see this by holding a red pencil in front of the eye at arm's length, and while keeping the eye fixed moving the pencil round sideways', until we reach a point at which the pencil is visible but ap pears black. If the eye has an excess of one color presented to it for some time, the nerve fibres corresponding to that color are incap able of acting for a short period, and a white surface appears tinged with the complemen tary color. This effect has been largely used by a certain firm for advertising purposes. Similarly a strip of white paper on a piece of bright green covered with white tissue paper appears pink. An ingenious advertisement has blue figures on a red ground. When these are viewed in the shadow and slightly moved, the blue marks appear to dance about the paper, for when the eyes are in focus for the red, an image for the blue is formed in front of the retina, and is therefore indistinct ; when the blue is right, the red is indistinct ; as the red rays converge to a point behind fha tvifino f.via tminir? nv +.vi£» rtf the eye from one to the other position makes the edges indistinct, and gives the idea of motion. If santonin is taken, white appears yel low, as this drug has the property of d a- troying the violet-perceiving fibres. If a thin platinum wire is made incandes cent with an electric current, its apparent thickness is greatly increased ; this is due to 'irradiation,' or the encroaching of bright parts on darker ones; similarly, any one looks larger in fight, than in dark clothes, and a white wafer on a black ground looks larger than a black wa fer on a while ground Tfle effect of backgronnd may b3 noticed in a snow storm ; the snow looks black against the light sky, bat white against the dark earth. Irradiation also explains the ap pearance of a pole with the sun as back ground, when the pole appears narrower, or even discontinuous, when in front of the sun's disk. A piece of black thread held in front of the gis shows the same phenomenon. A defect of the eye, known as spherical aberration, causes the eye to see a bright point as a star. Gas lamps in foggy weather show this wel'. Milk looks white and blood red because the eje has not suffi ;ient magnifying power to perceive that coloured o.- opaque particles are floating in a colourless liquid. The part of the retina where the optic nerve enters the eye is quite blind; to ob serve this, put a dot and a. cross on a piece of paper about three incheB apart, close the left eye, and fix the right eye on the cross to the left of the paper, and at a certain dis tance (about nine inches)the dot entirely dis appears. If a pin be held by the point quite close to the eye, and a pin hole in a card be held be tween the eye and alight, the pin will appear head downward, owing to the upright shad t being inverted by the judgment, as if it wer the inverted image usually received on the retina. The experiment known as Soheiner's is curious. By looking at a pin through two holes very close together two pins are seen as an image on the retina is produced by the rays of light passing through each of ihe holes. Onr having two eyes make some strange illusions possible. Let a paper tube he placed to the left eye and the hand he placed by the right side of it, wh6n a hole will appear in the middle of the hand. This property of the brain of combining the images of the two retinas is occasionally of use in tracing the form of an object under the microscope with out the aid of a drawing prism. The steroscope gives the appearance of solidity by combining two slightly different views by means of prismatic eyepieces. Two onm nwrli a t aimil&r; nflrfop Ttlano/1 nnlor if. are blended to a curious composite portrait. If two banimotes are observed in it, and there is any appearance of solidity, they are not identical, and therefore one is forged. That your julgment of distance largely depends on having two eyes, may be amus ingly shown by trying to thread a needle with one eye closed. The pseudoscope is a combination of prisms which inverts the normal relation, and makes near objects appear distant, and vice versa, in a most bewildering way. The curious rotation of ' strobic circles' partly depends on persistence, and partly on tho fact that the curvature of ths eye -is not exactly the same in the vertical, and hori zontal direction. Pictures most be classed as optical illusions, for all artists attempt to make objects on a fiat surface appear to hive three dimensions. So well is this done at times that we thick the eyes of a picture follow ns as we move about a room The effect of neighbouring forms in mis leading the judgment may be . shown by placing two exactly equal somewhat: horso- shoe-shaped pieces of cardboard with the narrow part of the one opposed to the broad part of the otner, when the latter will always look larger. How big doss the sun.look ? is a question which would get various answers ; or, to put it more definitely, what is the diameter which first hides the sun's disk at a certain distance, say ten feet ; as far as I can an swer the question, I shonld say between three and four inches. This is an example of the difficulty of estimating the size of an object with nothing to compare it with ; when on the horizon, the sun appears larger, for there we may have comparison objects. When we see people walking on the top of a small hill, the summit of which is sharply defined against the sky, they appear gigantic. The 'Spectre of theBrocken,' a shadow cast by the rising run, may also he mentioned. An amusing error of judgment is often made when one attempts to show the distance from the floor a hat on a gentlemen's head would reach. If a square is divided in one direction by parallel lines, it appears elongated in the direction of the lines ; in dress it is useful, for vertical stripes make a lady look taller and thinner. Illusions of motion are common. We may watch a waterfall till the water appears to stand still, and the rocks behind it move up. While sitting in a train passing, it is impos sible, if the latter he of closed coaches (like a mail train), to say which of four things is happening. The other train may be at rest, both trains may be moving in the same direc tion, but ours quicker, or in contrary direc tions. We can only settle the question by looking out of the other window. On looking at a bright sky I can see spots moving up and down, and looking tike snakes. These are known as muscie votitantes and are due to moving opaque particles in the virtuous humour of the eye throwing a shadow on the retina.- — J. F. Liver scege. When plants are sprayed with paraffin, other plants standing beneath them on whiih drip from above might occur should b9 re moved. The object of frequently stirring tho mixture is to prevent any more infinitesimal deposit of paraffin on tho leaves, for any sen sible amonnt to form a film on the leaf wonld be liable to he more than a harmless dose. Dr. Charles M. Cresson, of Philadelphia, states that he has more than once found the typhoid bacilli in the juice that he has squeezed out of celery grown near Philadel phia. 