PEACE V. WAR. The termination of a mild war scare, which is on many sides deemed to bo the forerunner of something more serious is scarcely the time at which there will be a general disposition to listen to anticipations of that joyful period of universal peace which in tho past has been more commonly the theme of the poet than of the student of politics. But when signs of the times are discoverable their existence should not be ignored even though the time for drawing deductions from them be controversially inexpedient. The pro position is before us when the question, ? Is the warlike spirit of nations increas ing or declining 1 is asked. By way of answer to this it is signiBcant to note that nine out of ten war scares are caused by Russia — Russia, that benighted country where despotic monarchy is to be found in its most evil forms, where government by iron rule is facilitated by a conveniently close Siberia ; where the monarch himself is continually hiding from his subjects; and where thousands of peo ple are now suiciding by their own hands or bv seeking a soldier's rifle bullet to escape death by starvation. It is only in the country subject to these conditions that tho spirit of war is exhibited in quantities largo enough to cause alarm. That thero should be a disposition on the part of a country such as Russia to provoke war is hardly to be wondered ac. War with a foreign nation is one of the best of palliatives for internecine strife, and as internal troubles become more and more serious and threaten ing to the unity of an empire, so must the desire to stave off tho evil day by a foreign campaign commend itself to a despotic ruler. Bub when wo go to tho other countries in which the voice of the people is daily becoming a more potent factor, and whore the making of war is nob determinable by. a few indivi.-. duals,' the case is widely different. 1 A glance at tho temper of tho popular mind of the great countries of Europe is therefore of interest, Ono symptom alone may be cited, A few months ago there assembled at Brussels— a name with associations strongly at variance with the professed objects of this gathering — a convention which met under the name of the Socialist Con gress, Whatever the means proposed to secure them may have been, tho end and object of that Convention was to raise the standard of labor throughout the world. One of the stops taken, to bring this about was tho passing of a resolution directing the establishment in all tho world's centres of branches of ! the Congress, in order that tho mem bers might keep well in touch with one another, and take united action whenever possible on matters affecting the interests of the world of labor. Here is a movement directly opposed to the spirit of war. And it is no diminutive movement, it must bo borne m mind, for that Congress, if wo remem ber rightly, was said to represent men whose number ran into millions. The movement is tho outcomo of a recogni tion of tho great economic truth that tho interests of labor all over the world are identical ; and that if any effort to permanently, better tho con dition of the hiassois of the poople is to be successful it must bo world-wido in its scopc. The event is pregnant with meaning. Ittcaches that tho masses have at length come.to rocogniso that it is not by falling to and rending each other that they aro to benefit them selves, but by working together for mutual advantage . If the development proceed on the lines on which it has commenced, therefore, tho antagonism of the future will not be between race and race, but between class and class. This Congress to which we have re ferred implies that there is more in common between tho workers of one country and those of another country than there is botween the lowor and upper classes of tho same country. The doctrines which involve this are being industriously propagated in evory land, and it is very obvious that as tho idea lhat there is a community of interest between tho masses of tho peoples of the world takes deeper root; tho spirit which in the past has prompted them at the bidding of kings and emperors to fly at ono another's throats must grow smaller and beautifully less until it reaches the vanishing point. When this point is reached we may possibly be made acquainted with the change that ha3 come over the world through the medium of a gigantic army strike. In the higher civilizations this is by no means a remote contingency. Summing up, it may be said that war and de mocracy are diametrically opposed to one another, and that as a country gets more and more independent of the control of an aristocracy, so does the likelihood of its engaging in war become diminished. The programme of tho Hay Horticultural Show, to be held on 14th October next, appears in our advertising columns, A chiofitem in the prize list is a prize of £5 offered for tho best cottAge garden. A special meeting of tho committee of tho Hay Benovolent Society was held on Mondxy in the Athemeiim. There wore present— Mesdames O. G. Stewart (presiding), Lavender, Gibson, Cherry, Terry, A. P. Stewart, Brough ton, Proctor, and Johnston, and tho Very Rev. Father Treacy and Rev; J. C-ilvort. The meeting was called to consider whit stops, if any, should bo taken with respect to tho Society's fixed deposit with tho Imperial Land & Building Deposit Company, Sydney. In March Inst the committoe decided to withdraw the money (£50), and gave tho company six months notice to lhat effect. Tho notice having expired, an order was presented for tho amount in the beginning of this month and re turned with tho answer ' petition for liquida tion,' a request being made at tho pame time that tho cheque shoutd bo re-presented later on. Tho secretary of the society roported that sho was in rocoiptof a telegram from a - most reliable source to the effect that it was pro bable that depositors in tho bank would get nothing. It ' was do- cided that nothing coold bo dono in the meantime but await dovolopmnnts. . It was decided to hold a ' social' dance in the Free* mason's Hall on Friday, 2nd Octobor, for the purpose of raising funds *,for tho society, the ladies of the committeo undertaking to pro vide thorofreshmonts and music. An adjourned meeting of croditors in the: bankrupt estate of Clarence Arthur Lindsay Browne, coichdriver, was to have been hold yesterday, but no croditors attended. ' The public examination of tho bankrupt took placo before the Deputy Registrar, Mr J. E. Pearco. The statement of Mr Browne was that his in solvency was caused by Mr George Doako issuing a Supreme Court writ against him whon ho had ua money to pay. He had oro vioasly lost his money in bad speculations, Ho was a coach driver, was married, and bad two children. He had never boen insolvent before. Mr Crang appeared for the bankrupt. Mr Robert Gibson, land and stock ngent, Hay, reports sale of 640 acres O.P. nnd 1020 acreB C.L. on account of Mr William McClel land to Messrs McClelland and Connors War renwcod ; on account of Messrs Weir and Gib son, tho DarcooU Estate of 1280 acres C.P. and 3800 acres O-L. with working plant, &*., to Mr R. D. Woir ; on account of Mr John Dunkley, Dry Plain, a leaso of his property for a term of yetrs ; on accouLt of vurious owners, several allotments of land in Hay. Tim grievance that gradually the ngricnl. tural land of the colony is being absorbed by large holdings is hardly applicable to some properties in Riverina (says a telegram from Albury), for during tho past few years several station ownors have afforded farmers oppor tunities of acquiring tho test portious of their ostates ut reasonable terms. The latest of those to mako this departure aro Horsfall. and; Sproulo, of Momaiong and Berrizau* During the past few years these gentlomon have boen realising portions of their largo freehold at Momaiong farms at prices ranging from £4 to £5 per acre, but during this last few months' thoy havo sold twojlargo blocks, ouq ou the Jerilderie side to Mr Arthur Wilson, and ono on tho northern side to MrG. F. Simpson, of Nowranie, whose property it adjoius. Tho total now disposod of is ovor 5000 acres of froehold. Delivery is to bo given after shearing. Tho prices have uot transpired, but the uvorago is understood to be ovor £3 per aero, which shows n substantial advauco in values sinco they bought the estato about three years ago. Tho buyers take about 40,000 sheep with their purchase?, paying for them at curront values.- Horsfall and Sproulo retain Momaiong proper, con taining an area of about 300,000 acros^ of froehold, and including the home station, woolshed and chief improvements and rich lands ndjoinii-g the township of Borrigan, also about 30,000 shoop and tho stud flocks. The district is ono of tho fluest in tho colony for wheat growing, and also produces splendid sheep and othor stock. The roustabouts at Povenaey hwo struck for an increase ot wages from 22s Od to 25s per week, As the managor doclinod to concede their demands they left tho station. Tho men aro members of the Gonoral Labourers' Union. ; The local agent of the Shearers' Union iu forms us that tho has onrolled upwards of 150 men as mombors of - tho Gonoral LabouroiV Union sinco shearing commenced. One ot tho orders rocently issued by tho Colonial Soeretary is as funny as any of those ' tables of procedeuco ' promulgated at petty German courts (says ' Will Honeycomb.') Municipal Councils aro informed that in future all letters from Mayors aro to bo addressed to the Colonial Secretary, and from Town dorks to the Prin cipal Uudor-Stcroiary. This is separating tho sbeop from tho goats with a vengeance. The river, which was 10ft. Gin, at Wogga (lays the Express of Saturday) on Thursday morning, increased to 18ft. yestorday, and at ton o'clock last night was 10ft. Gio. and ap parently stati onary. Tho riso is attributod to the flow of wa ter from the Jugiong district, whoro tho rivor roso seven foot during Tues day nij»ht. Tho Yaas river also rose, but re ports stato that it is now falling. At Gundagai yestorday tho rivor registered 14ft. Ciu. The Coonoug sheep showed the correctness of their Wagga victories at tho Junea Sho w (says the Wagga Express).^ Thoy took the following prizes First prize for ram 2*tooth or under, llrst prize and second prize for owo 4-tooth or ovor, thosamoowo taking first for host owe in yard and champion ; seoDnd prize or 2-tooth ewo or undor; and the following National prizes for tbo following :—ram, 2 tooth or undor, 3 owes strong combing, and 3 ewes fino combing. Thoao exhibits woro nil bred by Mr S. McCaughoy, of Coonong, and wero sold at Wagga aftor tho show to Messrs Mulholland and Beveridge, who may bo con gratulatod on having eocurod such good stock. We havo uo Summer Show, and do Summer Sale, nnd no Summer Fair; but we have ftho finest selection of Suminor GOODS over aeon iu Hay; Come and inspect thom at P« 13* Terry and Co.'h, Lachlan-streot, Lieutenant Herman's Happy Hours ontor t&inraeut; on Saturday afternoon saw tho Academy of Music pa^kod to tho doors with children who took a vivid interost in tho performance, whioh was chiefly of a vontri loquial charactor. Each child roceived a prosout, more or loss valuable, and camo away well satisfied with tho afternoon's ontor* tainmont. Influenza has made its appoarauce iu Hay. Mr W. Alston, who has rocontly roturnod from tho othor aido of Ivauhoo, informs us lhat ho did not soo a singlo grasshopper on tho road. | This should tend to allay somo of tho appre hension caused by tho report rocently pub lished by us of tho prosenco of the grasshop pers in tho immodiate vicinity of Hay. Elsdwhere Messrs Gosrgo .Buttorworth and Co. advertiHO an uurosorvod sale of quito now household furnituro ou Friday noxt nt their mart. At tho samo timo the firm will also dis poso of a quautity of drapery and miscellaneous goods to tho highest biddor. Tjie instituto at Redforn railway station providod for the instruction and recreation of railway omployoos, is making excellent pro gross. Tho mon tako groat interest in tho ptaco, nnd its operations oxtoud for a con siderable distance outsido Sydnoy, the lend ing library including the wbolo of tho '.country stations. Tho instruction classes formed in connection with tho instituto havo boen so well attandod, that it has boon fouud noccssnry to uso the refreshment room for . educational purposes, it being tho best available in tho building. Arrangements are being mado for holding a flowor show towards tho ond of Octobor, at which masters of suburban and country stations aro likoly to ronder much aid in tho collection and supplying of ferot-, flowors, and bhrubs. The usefulness of tho instituto is shown by tho large numbor of meetings hold onch month, and by the crowded attendance at the coucorts, lecture;', &c.; The incroasod uso of tho library has rendored necessary tho appointment of nn assistant librarian. A bill ha9 been introduced into the Legis lative Assembly by Mr Toohoy providing for the extonsion of tho jurisdiction of Courts of Petty Sessions to tho sum of £30. A proviso is added that nothing in tho bill is to be con strued Q9 giving jurisdiction to theso courts iu I any case in which jurisdiction i* denied by' tho fjurth soction of tho Small Debti Act. Reports during tho oarly part of tho woek from tho districts around (says tho Jerilderie Herald) aro to tho effect that: young grass hoppers aro bogiuning to put in an appearance again in myriads. Unfortunately, tho rumours aro only too true, for outside the town they are to be soon in countless millions, having just appeared from whoro tho egge wero deposited by tho pests lust year. £iowis tho time for tho cultivation of tho larkspur to bogin. It is fine growing weather, and if tho insects would ouly forego for a short time gorgiug thomsolves on tho luxuriant blados of grass and take to the larkspur plant, wo might have reasonablo grounds for hoping they would give up tho ghost. But the question is, which do they profer ? The Melbourne Herald describes a recent address on ' Tho Dying Thief,' delivored by Rev. G. C. Grubb in St. Paul's Cathedral Melbourne, as 'ouo of the most extraordinary sermons ovor heard in a Christian laud, and cortainly the most extraordinary sermon over delivered in an Anglican cathedral. Tho cod-; grogation woro first invitod to 1 tako a look at the heart of the dying thiof and thon at tho heart of Jesus.' A vivid picturo of thocruci tixion and all its horrors was drawn iu lan guage very graphic and highly seuBational. Imaginary conversations between tbo two thieves,, betwoeu the penitent thiof and tho Saviour, and botween Mr Grubb himself and tho dying Saviour wore givon with an amount of force nnd' assumod reality that hold his hoarers bout- forward opon-oyed — perhaps opon-hearted too. Every eonteuce was em phasised by somo posture or exerciso of tho arms, head, or wholo body. As an instanco, tho words, 1 It is finished ' woro illustrated by limp, dangling arms a drooping, wagging head and a slow fall lorward across tho pulpit dosk.' That good mon Bishop Julius (writes a con tributor of thoOtago Daily Times, of August 29) does not sparo himself. Ho is of tho stuff from which horoes aro made. The obher day ho had himself hoisted in a chair to tbo top of his cathedral spiro that be might with his own hnnds lay the last brick. A big crowd gatherod, a? was natural. It could hardly have boen biggor had tho Bishop undortakon to walk from tho Godby Statue to the top of his steeple on a tight rope, pushing a barrow load of bricks and mortar in front of him. The spectacle was quite attructivo enough as it was. . Evorybody was eager to see a Bishop iu an ambiguous situation, dang ling in mid air at tho end of a rope, banged higher than Haman. Lot us hope thbro wasa collection! But of course: there was. If it hadn't beon that he had a viow to the collec tion the Bishop would doubtloss- have mado his ascent in some less dramatic way. When they hid got him half way up, hoisting opera- tions woro stopp.od for a time in order to give a show to tho photographers. That, too, was an excellent idea. Tho sale, of thoso photo- graphs, showing tho Bishop auspondod bo twoon heaven and earth, ought to be worth a handsome pinny to tho building fund. Was tho opiscopal tobacco-pipo in evidence, I woudor? I havo always felt kindly, towards Bishop Julius sinco his famous speech at tho bauquot to welcume him, whon ho knocked tho breath out of the ecclesiastical old fogioa of Christchurch by bis unoxpocted pororatiou. 'That's all for tho prosent,' said tho Bishop; 'I want to go home and havo a smoke.' Two years ago (says tho. Western Qrasier) tho owuors of Weintoriga purchased in Mel bourne, at tho annual sheep sale, tho cham pion ram 'Victor' wnd 1st and 2nd champion owes in tho grassfod class. Theso shoep woro bred by Mossrs McFurlane Bros., Barooga, and are half-bred Vermonts. It is evident thoso shoep aro doing woll in this climate, as tho following results of this year's shoaring will show: — Tho ram ''Victor,' now four years old, cut 2olb 12oz; 1st chnmpion owe, five years old, cut 101b lOoz; 2nd champion ewo, four years old, cut 14lb 12oz; two two tooth rams by above cut respectively 23lb 12oz and 221b. Besidos the abovo satisfactory rosults, somo of tho Wointoriga bred stud owes havo cut good flooces, as uiidor; — Six owos out of tho brooding flock avornged IdlhB, aud six two-tooth owos avoraged 131b'4oz. All tho abovo fleeces woro ton days short of twolvo mouths' growth. ' The final decision of tho Special Licencing Court in reference to tho reduction of. public ' houses in Ballarat Eist in accordanco with'a rocont local option poll was given on Saturday (says tho Argus). His Honor Judge Gaunt deliverod tho decisions as follows : — Tho Legislature has imposed upon us the difficult, responsible, and somewhat unenviable duty of dociding what 40 out of tho 08 hotels in Ballarat East shall bo deprived of their liceusop, as the first stop of the result of tho poll recently takon. Tho Court his done ovorything possible to nrrivo at a just and fair conclusion, but it is not to be supposod that it will bo satisfactory to all. .Indeed, tboro may bo cases of individual hardship, bntsuch aro not to be avoided. Wo havo ; takon ovidonco on behalf of tho licensees and | ownors and from tho gonoral public, nnd havo mado a careful and minuto inspection, not only of ovory house, but nlso of the locality surrounding each. We havo received valuablo assistance from tho inspector of the licensing ! district, and this court has to thank the in ! spQctornud the sergeant in chargo of tho dis trict for tho valuablo information . given in tho exhaustive report aworn to by them. A list of tho hotels, 40 in number, to bo closed was thon read. Great display of Choice Spring and Summer Goods now showing at Fay and Macluro's.— Advfc.) If tho throatonod war botween Great Britain and Russia should broak out (says tho London 1 i mcs) Australia will havo to faco tho i grave dangor of a Russian Hoot iu Port Jackson; and tho only course, open to the colonies will be to throw ofif tho connection with Euglaud and proclaim P.. B. Terry aud Co.'a Summer Goods' tho finest ovor soon iu Hay,— [Adrt.l 