A Beligous Card Player. A private soldier by the name of Eicbard Lee was taken before tbe magistrates for playing cards during Divine service. Tbe sergeant com manded tbe soldiers at church, and, when the parson bad read tbe prayers, be took tbe text. Those who had Bibles took them out, but this soldier had neither BiWe nnr Comiron Prayer Book, and, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card aud then at another. Tbe sergeant of the company saw him and said : — 'Richard put up the cards; this is no place for them.' 1' Never mind that.' When the services were over, the constable took Eichard a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Weil,' said the Mayor, ?' what liave you brought the soldier here for?' ?' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier what have you to say for yourself ?' ' Much, sir, I hopeJ* ' Very good ; ii not, I will punish you severely.' ' I have been,' said the soldier, ?' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satisfy y our worfchip of the purity of my inten tions.' Then spreading the cards 'before the mayor he began with the ace : — ' When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce, it reminds me of the Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see tbe four it reminds me of the four .Evangelists — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see tbe five, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lampsl There were ten but five were wise, and five were foolish and were shut out out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God destroyed tbe world, viz., Noah and his wife, his three sons and their wives. When I see the nine, it reminds me of the cine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were niue out of the ten that nevei returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. When I see the king it reminds me of the great King of Heaven which is God Almighty. When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and wbich were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the ^bows, the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that.' ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' you have described every card in the pack f except one.' 'What is that?' ' The Knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your honor a descrip tion of that, too* if you will not be angry.' ' I will not,' said the Mayor, ' if yo do not term me to be the knave.' ' The greatest knave I knew of is the constable that brought me here,' ' I do not know,' said the Mayor,' ' if he is the greatest knave, but [ know be is tbe greatest fool.' ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find 365, as many days as there are in a year: When I count the number of cards Ia a pack I find 52, tbe number of weeks in a year. I find there are 12 picture cards iu a pack, representing the number of months in a year} and on counting the tricks I find 13, the number of werks i-3 ,a quarter. So, ? you see, a pack of cards series for a Bible, an rlmauac, and a Common Prayer Book.'' Then the Mayor let him go.. 