Inicia Ashleigh. CHAPTER XL. AT THE HOWSE OP'THE ASHLEÍGHS. Por a moment Edward Ashleigh gazed' on the threshold of that fatal chamber, and gazed on the terrible sight within like one dazed. Then he sprang up with a wild cry, and snatched his dead bride to his bosom in a frenzied embrace. Great drops of sweat stood on his ghastly fore- head, his limbs shook beneath him, and his hands were cold and numb, as were those of the poor girl whose lifeless form lay against his breast. He called upon her by every endearing epithet to speak to him ; to open her eyes, if only once, that he might see that she knew him and loved him still. He kissed her cold lips and forehead, he chafed her poor little helpless hands, that never more would clasp his in the sweet touch of confidence and love. The horror-stricken guestB gathered around, but they did not interfere with the distracted young man and his dead love. Mr. Ashleigh, the father, with feeble and trem- bling hands, tried to take the dead girl from his son, muttering incoherently that she would be all right by and by. * " All right, my dear son," said the poor old man, whose senses had been bewildered by the shock " she will be all right after-after-what wau it we were going to do ? My friends, will some of you be kind enough to tell me what we are all here for, with our wedding-garments on ?" Pitying hands led him away ; and the old clergy- man who had come to join these two in holy wedlock, stood beside them with steaming eyes, and tried vainly to speak some word of comfort to the living man, as he held the dead bride in his arms. Stealing up from amid the crowd of guests, her dress BO whiter than her face, Lucia Asheigh went to Edward's side and put her arm around his shoulders. Her face was rigid and set, and her eyes wide open and glassy, and full of a horror and despair, which those who saw her would never for* get. " Edward," she said, in a hoarse voice, " pnt her dewn and come away. You will go mad if you give way like this. She is dead, and all the love and ten* derness in the world will not bring her back." He turned upon her almost fiercely " Let us alone, Lucia. Do you forget that she was to have been my wife. " No, no, I forget nothing, but I cannot bear to see you thus ! Come with me, dearest Edward, and let rae comfort you." " Comfort !" he cried, sternly, " who talks to me of comfort, when she whom I loved better than my life lies dead ? Oh, Heaven ! if I could only die with her!" The physician already mentioned came up and took one of Florence's cold hands in his. He drew her gently from her lover's arms and laid her on a couch, while he searched anxiously for any sign of life about her. But all around felt the utter hope- lessness of the quest before he spoke. "She is'heyond recall," he said, sadly, "and there is no appâtent cause. Does any one present know if she bad any disease which might account for this ? Any trouble with the heart-" * " She was never ill, Bir," cried her aunt, through her choking sobs ; " Florence Was always well and strong. And it is so strange and so awful ! Heaven - help me! why could not I have gone instead of her ?" The most eminent physicians in the city were summoned, but it was of no avail. Florence May was dead, and no skill could restore her to the hearts which bled so sorely. The cause of her death remained a profound mys- tery. An examination revealed nothing. There was no apparent cause for the death, the physicians said, and it was decided that in a nature so delicately sensitive as hers the excitement of her wedding-day had been too much for her, and she had passed away. It was an exceedingly clumsy conclusion, but people seemed to accept it, and Lucia Ashleigh was among the strongest supporters of that theory. The medical men said nothing; the case baffled thßrn, and though in nowise countenancing the pre- valent reports, they kept silent. Edward Ashleigh, when ho had recovered from the first terrible shock of Florence's death, began toques, tion its probable cause. Day and night the ques- tion assailed and haunted him, " What killed her ?" And the more he thought about it the less could he assign any cause. In the days when the banker's house waB closed, and the curtains were drawn, and the dead bride lay in one of the silent chambers in her wedding garments, with orange flowers on her cold breast, Lucia hovered constantly around her brother, and anticipated his slightest wishes. Her whole time was devoted to'him. She gave little hepd to her poor old father, who crept about the strangely-silent house like a ghost, speaking in a whisper, and hardly seeming to know just what was the matter. For the old man's nervous system had received a terrible «hock, from j which it had never quite recovered, at the time of Lucia's abduction, and Florence's strange and sudden death had brought on another attack of prostration. Edward did not heed or appreciate Lucia's efforts to make him comfortable. It is, indeed, doubtful if he noticed her thoughtful kindness at all, so ab- sorbed was he in his orfn grief. It was pitiful to see how hard Bhe tried to win him from his dreary abstraction ¡ how she exerted every art and fascination in her power to get one appreciative smile. But she might as well have wasted her efforts on a senseless, stone. The last night that Florence was to remain in the house-the night before they wero to take her away to the tomb of'the Ashleighs-Edward went to the silent chamber of death and shut himself in. And when, after waiting vainly in the parlor for him to come down. Lucia Ashleigh stole, at mid- night, fearlessly along the dim corridor, past the chamber of death, to her own room, the doot of that dismal chamber opened with creaking hinges, that echoed dolefully down the empty passage, and curdled the blood in Lucia's veins, and Edward came out. " Lucia," he said, lifting his dreary and tearless eyes to her face, "come in here; I want you to promise me something." / He took her trembling hand in his, and drew her within the chamber, which that awful presence on the flower-strewn couch filled with such a terrible completeness that the girl saw no other object. " Come and look at her," said Edward, still with that dread calmness that had fallen upon him after the first terrible burst of grief ; " I want you to join hands with her and me while you promise." Lucia started back, and would have fled from the place in terror, but her brother held her by main strength. " I want you to promise that, if hereafter it shall appear that Florence May died through any foul play on the part of any peison, you will help me bring that individual to justice ! And if you break your promise, may your life be cursed and loveless here and hereafter !" He forced her to the coach ; he sought out the clay co'd hand of the dead girl, and would have clasped it and Lucia's hand beneath his, but Lucia, ashen white, and shivering like one in an ague-fit, broke from him, and, rushing to her own chamber, bolted the door behind her, and fell on the floor»in the most abjected terror. "How shall I live my life?" she cried, wildly, " If all days ara to be like this, my sin will drive me mad!" 