THE STORYTELLER NINA THE NIHILST. A ROMANCE OF THE RUSSIA OF TO-DAY. By JAMES S. BORLASE. ,'Auth'dr of 'Both Princess and PolioeSpy ?','..'', Through' a Tnousniid Perils,' ' Queon '*' vbl the Harem,' 'Tlie Rose of Kochdale,' Sec.' CHAPTEH LVI. .NINA MAKES A DESl'EHATE RK80LVE AND FINDS AN ALLY. The trampling of horses' hoof?, the rat ling of aruis ami armor, and the wild, ' barbaric strains of (he regimental band, ''which was composed almost 'entirely of !lprig, Jieylos's tnimpo'ta, timbrels; cyin ibals, audi .kettlerdrimie, had rendered it very improbable that the .mysterious stranser's inteilisrenco and warning had iiioen, heard by others. ' ' Yet ho had gone away so. suddenly that the Princess feared thnt-a. policu 'spy -might have been prying about nni ' alarihed him; 'so.'soizing Jenny Douglas -by .the. arm, sho hurried her along in an opposite direction ;;and they 'reactied'thcir lodgings-by a considerable 'detour/'* 'The ,rest of the dny passed unevent fully enough ^but when evening, prratlicr night,-came round, and with it supper time, Nina made a request ofTyrihn while sho was laying tho table to b; '.permitted- an interviow with her hus ?band. ' ' Five minutes later Vanko Poclatch ; kine stood before her, on this occasion ? inoro like a man and less like a clumsy lay figure, because he was olad in iiis or 'diriary working clothes— a pink striped shirt worn ' outside the trousers and .'belted '.round the , waist, ' and'.a pair of ,,huge, tar-smeared-, boots .that reached \- high above the kneos. His sheepskin frock, worn that dhy for the first' timo ' that season, ho hud taken off on coming indoors; but he carriod his great fur cap injhis'hands, perhaps because honovcr 'fe'lf comfortable with them empty, and ,'thjs he kept twisting round qnd. round with his fingers as lie stood liofpro the ? two girls erect as a dart, waiting for one '?? 6r!tho other to' speak. - ' ' ?' .''Well, Taiik'b,' have you 'discovered, anything- about my -father or',busband ?'? . 'Nothing but that they aren't confined. ? in ttie fortress of Peter and'Patil. - 'I Only, j'Ti'Bit'bno'.ijrjsori .a:'day, so jAmt i't ^nay .be '-*-,« week or moje' boforp. I'm able, tp.TteH ;. youmuch. , .?:? -iM .?? ?:-.-. n-- ? ? - , ' i«ilhnvothi8 morning obtained mifonn- 1 atio'n thfmiglj a' qnickor source. ( At the' 'same time' it may, not be rcljable, arid. to ,: I, want your;. opinion up6n ,it., ,'I have beem told that my father.' nnd ? vny.hns band, -and'tliis poor girl's father' as -well, are confinedin'ffie onKlitesbf the Portress of ScblusselbergmiD.ky.QTiilriink it can be so ?' ? % ' I could answer that' question better, ?'? Kalihka Kryloff, if I knew wbrywas yonr informant. If a porko'rafi he 'was most probably trying to put yon on a wrong . scent.' I can toll you very little about him, for , ha did not ; favor us with his name, and' he was masked. He knew, all about ,us, though we knew nothing concerning him ; ay, even to everything we had done yesterday' and today. For the rest ho was very tall, and from the loose way that Mb cloak hung around him, I should say very thin, whilst his eyes wore like glass beads, but sharp as those of a rat.' ' I recognise him from your description ? he is a groat man, a wonderful man. You may depend upon all he 'say's being true. Why, he is the very heart; and soul of our great movement, and go.tr.ae is he that he slew with his own hand two beloved sons, because he obtained proof that they intended to turn .traitors, nnd betray us.' ' Killed his own sons ? Oh, the wild beast I' exclaimed Nina. : ' ' . 'You must not: judge tho man loo harshlv, Knlinka Kryloff, -because ho hnd the' strength given him to perform a painful duty. The next night ho risked his own life thrico in rescuing little children from the top story of a burning hduBe. The mnn is a lover 'of virtue, and a hater of vice. His heart will melt and tears ran down his cheeks at tho narration of misfortunes that may ? have happened to the innocent and the pure, whilst he would delight to torture aud destroy the most lovely woman in tho world if she had proved vicious nnd wicket. There is a woman who was at ono timo a French actress, but who has now married some :great man or other with the intention of betraying him, whom ho is following up 'with the most inveterate halved. He declares that no woman could have so whito and beanti fol a skin unless the devil had given it to her as a means of tempting men to destruction, and he has sworn that he will burn it hideous with vitriol, or cut it to ribbons with a knout soaked in brine. ; I pity the poor wretch when he getB hold of her, no matter how , vile sbo may -be, forTBchekin never broke his .word yet, i'and never will. - Yes,» Tschekin ' is 'the name of the'rnan who Spoke to you inttie streot.' '?' ' ''' ' j;. on , ':,Neither. '.the.' Princess nor Jenny Douglas. had paid iuuoh attention to the ^preceding ? speech, for ? their thoughts wore too busy about other mattors ; and ni-ither had an 'idea thnt tho woman whoso approaching toiture'and destruc tion had . been .foi'tilqlrl'ivas she who,, had been tho ruin of their parents, and had used them both so scurvily. Suddenly, looking up with flashing eyes and ''com pressed lips, the frincess Nina said : — ' You must obtain me an interview with my father and my husband, Vanko. I know that you enn do it if yon will, and'I a-n ready to make it well worth your while.' . An expression (if dismay crossed Podatchkine's countenance on hearing this. speech, nnd iiibbe.i his shock head as though he hud received a blow. ?'.Wliy.j Knlinka Kryloff, you are mnd;'-said he nt length, with a kind of gnsp. 'If you were discovered, and dis coveteil yon would bi-, they woull knout you, notwithstanding your flue shape and your beauty — knout you while stripped to the waist, until you stood in a pool of your own blool ; and as for me, if they only found oat thatitwasl who brought i you there, they would knout a:id batogg me as well, and per haps even put a charge, of gunpowder in my month, set a mat li to it, and blow my head off I You need not smile, 1 assure you that such things have been done.' ' Age3 ago, good Vanko. I crotlit all that yon say about the knout, and per haps the bntogg as well, but they don't blow people's head off nowndays in the way that you mention. I am not a bit frightened, and I say again that insiile the fortress of Bcldusselberg through your assistance I mean to get. Why, will it not be easy .enough to disguise me as a man, and let mo take ihe place of some of your master's employ, who pretends to fall sick, but who really want a holiday ? My height is live feet ten, I look almost as much like a yoiilh as a girl, and could soon make up my figure to nsyrnljle n man's — nothing 'easier.' , ,. 'And so could r, for you don't. go alone doar.' interposed Jenny Douglas. 1 Oh, but I must. Your presence would incr-ase.'my danger tenfold. It is easy to change a handsome girl into a youth,' but so to transform n pretty one is impossible.'- , My strongly marked features 'will, lend, themselves to' the occasion, but you would- he detected as a girl no matter how you were dis guised.1' ' '?'?' '? ' ? ' '''' ?It's 'very hard that I may'nt see my father ns '.well, as. yon. [' . '.No doubt '.it js,.. dofir,. but still it cannot , be: ? You wonld never pass through tho' 'ordeiuV '.'I have taken male parts in amatedr theatricals ; I can.m,'ake my vdipii n's.gniff.as on old raven's ; I can smoke, spit, swear, ami talk tho- lowest Russian slang, and I flatter myself that I oan enrry the bat sacks wiljfjout' ^breaking down under them as long as they choose to. keep me at it. Now you could do none of these things, so you'd bo sure to get dis covered.' ' And you'll be sure to bring your back and shoulders under the lush, without doing any good to either your own or my dear ones,' sobbed Jenny. 'I have an impression to the contrary, I feel a conviction that I ought to. go, and that something good will come of my going. Ya'nko Podatchkine, I will give yon a hundred roublos if you will help me in this scheme, and that is more than you earn in a couple of years by your daily labor. Fear not, I have the money, and it shall bo paid. ' Before Betting out en the expedition, Kalinka Kryloff; for, remember,, you may never return. If tley were to lash a girl of your high rank, for I suppose' that you are a Princess still, they'd never let yon come out to tell the tale. . If they didn't finish you off with the knout, they'd send you to Siberia.' 1 You shall bo paid before we start. Then you will renlly take me, Vanko.' ?'.1-wonld like still- to refuse, but I see that you aro determined, nnd the price is tempting.' ' Then listen. You will have to pro cure mo a false beard and whiskers, Vanko.' ' In order that they may be plucked off and the cheat discovered in an in Btant ? They pull the beards of all strangers who enter the Government prisons to discover whether they are real. No, the only way in which you can dis guise your face is to stitin it a swarthy gipsy hue with the juice of the betel nut Your hoir you'll have to crop short and dye jet black, and your eyebrows and lashes as woll. Yon can wear gold wires in your ears, for gipsy youths often do, and' blue eyes are often seen with dark hair' in Russia. Your hands must , of courso be stained dark, as well as your face and throat, and you must try to make them harder and coarser be fore Saturday comes, round, which is our day for.Schlusselberg.' : !-.- ' Saturday ? Why, this ie only Wed nesday. Can't. you get there at an earlier date?' '.' ' ' Ob, dear, no j we haye pur sot d*.ys for each prison. I wish it was further off,, for my part, now that this dft3perate adventure is in the wind. However, Vanko Podatchkino wilt be ne good as his word; And when u'axt you we him -h'e''will ' bring th'e''mal¥rials for your transmogrification. Hullo, I'm bles»e-l if the other: young '^woman hasn't, fninted I' CHAPTER LVIT. Whilst Nina nnd Jenny were think ing about thoso whom th-y lovod, all the thoughts of the Princess Lconio wore bent on self. The morning on which her step daughter and lier humble friend en tered their names as students at the Novski Hi spital nnd the School of Medicine, sh ' c' nngi'd her bedroom to one that lay in6ide three ante-chambers, so that four locked, kilted, and chained doors as well as hor huge protucior Paul, might intervene between, her and danger. In addition to these precautions she hal iron gratings fixed in the ciiimneys, an that i:b assassin could come down, ami slic wns having stout, iron bars fastened outside all the windows when General Bourke, the Police Minister, called on her, and at once put a stop to the pro- ceedings. ' You little fo(.l,' sni'l he, when ho found himsilf shut up with her alone. ' Do you want to create a panic, in the city ? Do you wish't'j) show th'c Nihilists their strength Hiitl the Kussinn aristoc racy their weakness, that you are going to advertise it in this fashion ? It is an insult to the ivsprctnble classes of the city, and it is an insult to the soldiery and the police, for it ex presses more than a doubt of their power to protect yon, and direst in sult of all i6 to me, who am the supreme guardian of piece ami order in ?St. Petersburg. What do you moan by it, madam ?' ' That I'm fond of my life, and ilint 1 have foes as remorseless as fate, and as cruel as the grave, w!io have vowed to ilepieve me of it. '. Sinco 1 saw yon last, only yesterday morning in fact, I have had vitriol thrown at me in the public market place, nnd had not the arm of Oio co.rar.lly assassin been beaten down by a brave yonng man whom I have since taken into my service, instead of the pretty face:, that now confronts you there would huvo been something too hideous took to upon — an eyeless, nose less, lipless horror. 1 Could cry out with terror/, at thethojight of whatil have. 'ear coped'.1 ' ''? ' ' ' ' ''But how do: you know, that it was vitriol which was thrown nt you.' ; ?Because' i ? 'hissed as it cam'u in' con- tact witli my jiifcket, and burnt the lur i.ff in grjsat patches, eating lio^es-through the skin as w;6ll.. A drop ofithe corro sive fluid fell' |on my face nnd left a scar, as you may see; which I shall early to my grave. . Happily, it is no larger than a pin's head.',,. The Police jlinistor looked troubled. ' Who did this thing ?' ho asked. ' Why, the brute Tschekin, the wild beast whom you believe to be dead.' ; ' Tschekin ? Impossible '.' and the General got »{- and paced the roum 'ex citedly. ' I toll } 'U that it was Tschekin. Do you think r could bs mistaken again, or do you fa; y that thore are two snch ngly monsters in existence ? Besides, he boasted aloud that he was Tschekin. and vowed that he would have my life yet.' ' And why did not your precious pre server arrest the impudent scoundrel ?' ♦ Ho tried to do it bat the monster blew a whistle, and I and my preserver were immediately swept away by a surge of the crowd. But the movement was ?notr.ans'.accidentj'for-it was made in1 order to rescue Tscbekin, who, when it had snbsided: was nowhero to bq seen.' ' Ha, thore is nore in this than I imagined !' exclaimed tho Polico Minister. ' Tschekin lives, and I have been deceived by those whom I trusted most. I shall have to set the knout to work when I get home. Meanwhile, let me see this preserver of yours whom you have taken into your employ.' Leonie touched a silver gong that stood on the table, and so suddenly as to appear magical — Paul the chusseur appeared before the Polico Minister, gorgeous in his new uniform and fairly bristling with different weapons. 1 Hullo, whose torn fool are you ? demanded the General unceremoniously. ' I am no torn fool, but a willing slave of tho kindest and beBt of mistresses,' answered the transformed peasant, bowing low to Leonie as he concluded. The Police Minister looked at him searchingly and fixedly. When he, observed the glance of deep rer verence which he bent on Leonie he burst into a paroxysm of laughter, and exclaimed : ' Yes, you are a fool undoubtedly, and I foretell that three months hence you will be either a suicide or a madman. ;But that is no business of mine. 'What I order you at present to.do is to give me a full account of what passed yester day in some public market or other;' 'Have I' your Highness's, permission?' ] askod Paul, looking at Leonio. i ' My full permission. Toll all and hidu nothing,' she responded nt once. ' ' Look yon here, my fino follow, ' - liroko out the. General, who hnd con- i coived an invincible dislike during the fow seconds townnls the tall and hand ! some chasseur, ' when henceforth I con- i descend to n qniro information of yon, i you will be good enough to give it me i witht'Ut waiting , for your mistress's i sanction. Tho is only one man and ! one woman in Russia who dare refuse to sjiouk when [ cotuiuiviitl, ami they arc their sacred Majesties the Emperor a?ul Empress. Perhaps yuu .'on't know wlin 1 am, rascal ! I am (ivneral B-- nvUn. tho Poli.-e Minister.' ' And I am a dog who owuk I nit v'i' | master, eveu she who feeds me an.i , whoso collar and chain I wear. A tu-ij ] dog is silent even- under the lash.' ' Paul, you havt- my command- to i answer his excclleicy tho Minister, of Police everj question that lie.mny.thLdc (it to put to you, either now or at.iany i future, time,' said Leonio earnestly, who ? feared that she might lie d.privej of i her handsome and devoted bodygu.if.i. ' Yuur Highness's commands are my ? laws, unless they are given under fear or compulsion.' ' Indeed they are not. This gentle man is my best and truest friend.' ' Then I bow to him and reverence him, nnd nm his sUve in, all things,' said Paul. ' What if your mistress hail maiie you ;a different answer, fellow V deiriniided the Pnlicn Minister, knitting his brows and looking exceedingly fiwcioiis ' I can fenrce'y tell, Escolloney, and it is hardly worth while to think.' ' Suppose that I had scolded or even struck your mistress in your- presence ?' ? Your Excellency, my arms are stvMig and your body is light. The ek.-s in ?yonder window, ton, is brittlp, ami it is a great lu-iglit nbovo the ground.' ' You raRi'nl, do yon mean to say you would hurl mo out of a window at your mistress' bidding ? Me, Genera! Bourke, Minister of Police?' ' I would hot wait for her bidding, Excellency, if I saw you strike her .' ' Come, yi/ii are original and I iike, yon,' said the General, bursting into a lnngh. ' I wn ; only joking, and I cs tucm it n real treat to moot a bold, fear )r ss, and liotiest man. But, as your mistress sa.id just now, I am a friend of hers, and I only want to know every thing thai oecured in the market-place that in her excitement and terror she may have failed to notice and. remember, in ordi-r that I may procure tlio iirrest and punishment of lier cowardly asail anl, the '1 scliekin.' | i Paul's tongue was unloosed, and- in five minutes he was done with nnd tlis mis.'ed No sooner had he gone than JLeonie.songht.the Police Minister not to harb-r malice against him on account of hisjbluntness and plain speaking; i I 'My ^malice ia .so deep that I will leave him unmolested in your employ,' was the sneering answer. ' The fellow is young, handsome, and has strong feelings.' What torture is greater thnn that of a man dying of thirst in tbe desert, with his eyes fixed on a stream of cool, limpid, murmuring water high up some precipitous mountain side to which ho cannot climb ? Did you not hear me toll him that he would be a maniac or a suicide in three months ? I cun read in that man's bcart that he worships you. Poor fool.' ? 'Let us return to the subject of the windows' said Leonie, hnrriedly. ' Then bar and defend those at the rear or sides of tho palace as much as ? iyon'likc, but not those in the front, or that can be seen from the street. I will not have it. We aristocrats must not get panicstricken, and a panic soon rises and spreads ; besidos, it would reveal to the ; Nihilists their strength, and it is far better to affect to dospise them. Now, to broach another subject, you must begin to hold receptions and ' at homos.' All St. Petersburg will swarm to .your levi'es.1 'What, with tbe knowledge, or, at all events, the suspicion, of what has just befallen my husband ?' ' They will be afraid to remain away for fear that they may be thought to sympathise with the fate of a traitor. All the women will hate and despiso yon, but they will come, nevertheless. Once in your salons, the moro that they hold aloof from you tbe bettor, for it is the men whom yon must pump for the benefit of your humble servant. Es pecially the attaches of foreign em bassies. You understand V ' Alas, yes ; and I will do my very best. But should my husband get pardoned and return ho will never for give my heartlessness. Will he ever return ?' ' Never, except as a ghost.' 1 Have you sent him to Siberia, then, or' killed him ?' . 'No; he is confined' in one of the lower dungeons of Schlusaolberg. When high tides in the Baltic or the blocking of ice in the Neva imprison 'the waters of the lake they often/rise and invade those dungeons, drowning, the unhappy prisoners. Very high tides are expected in a few days.' The Princess sh ri rldered and exckimel: ' Good Ii ravens; oty husband may bo :lrownod at the ver;' instant, I »m hoi fl ing high rove) in this his palace.' ' What is that cither to you or to mo? Bnh ! If yon be.!-ii) to have h'srt or 'eeling I have don- with you. You are ny puppet, my W.1, nnd n jir?s:o.i» :rstly ono. Disobey. -r even «ro v i;]'r.o -vnrm in mv sew: f) nnd bewar* tho a4i !' CMAl'TliH LV[IL. Nl.XA SI5T8 OUT o:l HER UAX.\RD0i:i MI'lHWN. Those were a sorrowful three d:\ys to tho loyal ami nff'i'ionate k'nyli-h #irl which preceded the -i.itnrdny 'n -viikh Her soul friend anil hoi veil c-nmcrrin was to leave her, Ij nm] on Ikt .le-p-'rnlo expedition to SfhlnmeJUcrg. Again and again al-,- pleuilc'l ti.Mt. vne might accompany hur, )mt in mis:, r.i:d at last slie Kyuu to see. plainly Unit, were her petition ifi-ant'. d she would be Ci.'i'tniu to bring ruin on t.hn cxpflitloa. When once eoiwieiml on t-'iis ji iiat sho proffered her r qni-Ji no lunger, 1 i;t she wept mnoli i» swiet., nnd lay r.wn e in bed nt night— Tor her anxiety !?:??;, t her !? nke, while tin-. I'rineefc$!- '':ii-.:ini;e permitted her to sh op soundly. Every night nftoi aupper was ol^a:' J away, Vnnko Podniuhkine nppear-jil for a few minutes on the sconp, more, as it seemed, to discover whether the Prin.e« hnd altered her mind, than to bring r.iy fresh intullig.-nce. 'hi such oct-flOns ho seldom quilted t, h.- ro-uu without rais ing Ibi Princess to -l!i,w him to lo ?)?. :.t lier hands, and be never wnlkocl off w:.n ont regretting aoiliWy that th j -.v.--e not dirtier and griuimier. 'Th«-y shan't lonli very d-li-ir.-.- '.y the timtt thev nre wantml to b* .eJ :--.d coarse,' Nina an*W'-red ; anu ':i-n Vnnkfi's v.-ic' e-'Ul-l scnernlly b' '.n-.-iil r- Sjioiidin-r tl.ai ? h.i Imp -d no',' ?':? n half-way d.iwn the 'ta'rs. Once. Jenny Douglas besousiht Tyi:!)a to try an 1 | ersnade tiie Prine-ss ;o. 'o go to ^ehlusscllierg, but the hur.*st butter-woman really believed that uriJer her husband's protection she would !-fi quite secure, and replied somewhat indignantly : ' Why, what hfti in can come. u- hor with my Vanko ? She'll be an 9r.fe nn our dear little DnuUess Mm'ia away in England. Don't you think, my girl, that thu mail who is able to tackle n bear single-handed OLfty inili-s out on tbu frozen sra ain't cap'iMe o(' prr.tecti-.g wlioeyer lie's a mind to inside ?'? ,i Itussinn prison, whore he' as nni'.h nt Ronie ns I nm here V '?So hor la.it hope fuiled, an.1 \\*'::\\\ its breakdown Jenny Douglas grew inn vihceil that there was no oihsr vi.y of , etisuring lier friend's safety ?-.?xvf-.t by her prayers, which she resoivc 1 should be offered continually or. her be half Gn the Friday ni^'ht Vnnko Fodauii kine brought all the materials ar.d apparel for Nino's disguise, nnd wiih him came a nan who looked like a barber, an I wl:o de-jiarod he vr»n!d i;/.or her face in the course of an hour so ta.-it she would bardie know it herself. Nina smiled, and nt once pat hefscit under this operator's hands, nhn, whipping out a pair of scissors ar.-.l n brush and comb, soon got rid of al! her glorious golden tresees that, when un bound, reached almost to her feel, and which Jenny proceeded to gather up and lock away in a drawer as though they had been a sacred relic. ; Then brushing what remained of ttr front hair straight down over her fore head, ho called for n larje sized puddijig basin, and placing it inverted on the lop of her hend, ho pressed it hard dowi, and cleared off tho uneven lengths of ht-r hair till none wore visible below the rim. After this he produced his dye borJ?, and in ten minutes the Princess' Lr^'»a, lashes, nnd what still remnimd oi her beautiful liair wera as blnck as :'ae plumage of a raven. The two men laughed nt the sigbt, and Nine smiled, but Jenny coul-1 almost have cried. ' Now for a basin for ber to wash bji face and hands in,' said the barber, ar. 1 on Tyrtlia bringing it out of the be .!- room he took frora one of the '..-il pockets of his long !oo6e gaberdine r- big bottle, drew the cork with his toe: li, and poured the contanfs into the basic, where the liquid resembled beautifully bright and clear water. ' Now go to work, but no sonp, mini, for soap would spoil it nil. Coue turn down the collar of your dress s-.d pnll up your sleeves, aud don't mj;'l us.' This from the barber, but Jenny sai'.l indignantly, ' You won't wnnt to stain your beautiful neck below the base :-i the throat, or your lovely arms rao-u than two or three inches above ii-e wrists. Ob, Nina, it would be a sin 10 do it,' and she persisted in superinteii 1 ing her friend's ablutions very ulost'ly' But when they were completed, ;?!), what a chango ! The Princess' cotji plexion, a few minutes ago so iiir, wberever the briglrtv and colorless wmor ,lia-f lared her skin, had turnod to ,a clear gipsy brown. A richer, riper rod :Roemert to have come into her lips, too ; ..and ihe bluck and brown by which they .ware surrounded gave quite a new ox jjviifision to the eyes. \--? She looked no longer like a girl, and , Jeuny felt she could almost hare. fallen in love with her as a particular hand 8'.'tu-» young num. ' Now,' siiiil Podatchkiue, ' she'll al'out do when she's got a man's clothes on. Yon mustn't mind their being ooanv and soiled, Knlinkn, for they vrunld :vot look natural else.* There's a pxir of well-tanned boats, and if thoy are too big you must shove some rags ii.to the tors. You must let out your waist, and flatten yonr chest somehow, and something thick laid over your back ?would be wise, pcrhnps, for I'll have to give: y.--u the stick, as well as swear at you, if yon show up to the rest to bo either Ins-.y or stupid. It's Vanko Podatchkino's way, nnd everybody knows it, and your own common sense will tell you that if I were to treat you different from the other men nnd youths under me it might raise suspicions, and tfieu yonr back would stand a -chance of catching it without anything on ' ' Yes, yes, good friend, do not treat me. in any way different from the rest.1 ' Not I, for my own safety's sake. You needn't be afraid of that. Novor tkulefis, I don't want to hurt you more than possible. Not at all, if it can be avoided.' The barber now took his departure, affcor being rewarded with a five rouble note by Nina, who, when he had gone, (mid, ' Now I will settle with you, Vanko.' She had sold some of her jewelry that day, so that she had ample funds in h*nd. She paid Vanko his hundred roubles, therefore, and gave him as a present fifty more in consideration of his taking extra care of her, and she futhermore promised yet another fifty if circum stances arose enabling her to hold speech with either of the prisoners. Vanko was delighted, and his wife n ice vise, out sue men ana tnere made him tnk* n soIpttw vow bofore the icon of t'uti Holy Virgin that he would toU'A :iu liquor stronger than qnass n : i til hi- had return from the expedition, am' further, that he would imbibe only moderately of that. This done, ahe next insisted that he Bhould march off to bed, stating that she intended to sit up awhile to help the two girls with the dress that Kalinka vas to wear on the morrow, and see that it fi'.ted all right. ' That's right, wifo,' answered Vnnko. I'.'s her waist that bothers me. I dare Bay you'll bo able to fill it out to a decent shape somehow. You've got almost as good a ono as I have myself, but [ never yet saw a girl aristocrat who didn't look like a wasp or an hour-glass. Make her as straight up and down, too, as you can about the chest. Thanks to fit. Nicholas, the cold weather is on us, and she can wear a sheepskin over all. Veil, I'll be ready to start at five o'dock, so a good-night to yon.' And so saving, blunt-spoken but not oi.l-haarted Podatchkine went lumbering d iwnstairs, and five minutes later he wjs sound asleep on the polatie, or s'..elf, fixed atop of the stove in the kitchen. Hour after hour was passed in pad ding- garments to make Nina's figure I'isemblo that of a youth, and at last TjTtba gave it as her opinion that she would do very well, and advised her to go to bed as soon as she could and have ivr long a sleep as possible. ffo the girls weut to brd, and Nina slept as usual, and Jenny kept awake, crying. It was five o'clock next morning when Fina bade good-bye to Jenny, as she liw ba!f swo filing and sobbing hysteri cally 01 the bed, her magnificent form concealed by great thigh-high, well tjrrad boots, which were met by a greasy, unshapely sheepskin, worn with the skinny side out and the woolly side in, and consequently as hidpous nnd shnpe U's; as an article of apparel could be. But had it been taken off, Nina would still have looked like a man in her pink striped shirt belted outside the trousers, for the inside padding de s-'roytd all her exquisite contour, nnd made her look broad and square. 1 Good-bye, darling. Cheer up, I sjall soon be back,' said she, as having kUsed Jenny she clapped her greasy and warn fur cap jauntily on ono side of her iiea i, and the next instant she was gone. (To be continued.) 