The Wine That Conquer f» Care. Nay, frown not, faireet 1 Chide no more, - Nor blame the Mashing wine ; Its Sreylips are Innocent When thrills toe pnlse with thine. Go, leave the goblet in my hand, - Bnt vril toy glances bright. Lest wine and beauty mingling hers, . Should wreck soul to-night. Then, dearest, to the ancient vine, In'ecniptnred beauty rare. Bow down thy red, arched lip and quiff Tbe wine that conquers care ; And breathe npon the glowing cup, Till tone its perfumes -be - Sweet as the scent of the orange grovel . \- Upon come tropic sen. Then -while toe fingers idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, some rare old song That gashed from heart of fire — Bong Each as Greoian phalanx hymned, . When freedom's field was won, And Pcrria'o glory, with the light, . Faded at Marathon. Sing till the shoots of armed men Bing bravely ont once more i Sing till again the ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit-shore I Bid from their melancholy graves The buried hopes to start, I knew ere many a etorm had swept The dc- wdrops from my heart. Sing toe deep memories of the paBtt My eonl shall follow thee — Its boundless depths are echoing Thy glorious minstrelsy; - And as the sweet vibrations hang Enfettered on the air." . I'll drink, toy white arms round me, love, The wine that conqtrerecare ; A Great Traffic in . Fowls — Speaking of the immense numb&Ti; of 'Howls received weekly at MstsriOes, France, a London journal says : The fowls arrived from Italy in railway vain of- the ordinary rite, bnt specially constructed for this , traffic. The sides are of latriee-FWk, fiud internally the van ia dividadjSSfertiShe tiers, or shrive!. On each tire toereffre "twelve cages, and eadh cage is calculated -to contain thirty birds. In this way : &e;?prerdigrou8 nomber of three ' thousand, twubondred and fiftyifowis is con veyed in b .single waggon. The cages are provided with tins forwater on one ride, and for corn on the other, and there is s door in each through whioh any-fowlthat is injured or siokly can be at once removed. The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate "on their journey, though they tome from Milan or even from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the Spanish , frontier.- We Often thank Heoventhat we. a e not as the Italians in toe "matter o! the ' treatment of animals (and no donbt as a rule ' we do so; with justice), but if tlis' Irish" poultry consigned to toe markets of London or Glasgow could see tho arrangements that ... are made for ths accomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from tbe careleex kindbearted- ness of tbe English, and handed over to tbe calculating mereiEu ol the Italian. BeggarsSupportedby Gamblers.— Per haps the gsmbieri! are the brc; Eupport'cf beggars. II yon know where a poker aroe or a faro bank is locttedof eoureo yon don't ; yon never saw anything of that kind, and.I. know ; will be quite si enrprieeto yon to learn toflt'thevexiei. if. indeed, von know'whattoev are — you'll always find beggars, and loafers- aronnd. Gamblers are supret titions, and they will not upon any oonrideratinn pass a beggar . by , without giving faiim a small contribution. " It wonld be bad lack. Perhaps there's a trifie of conarience aboutlt, and tiriy have,- after wU, a sense of some power above them to -be ap-_ -pgaseA 1-. -----ly A-riboy will borrow to giye fo beggar, i - . I have known -aetore iahued'with the same sentiment. ' l only knewiohe dramatiat who owned the enperetitiqu. He had B play com-" ing ont, and the night it was to ho prodnced, just before the curtain went np, -ft beggar i tackled him. He cave him apenny. . - " There," aaidhi, " that's good Ictbk. My play will he a go." " . - - It was a terrifio failare. "I wiahrdclvsuhim afiorin 1 " bsierid. The Buperetition xvasali righLTbe amount hadn't been enongh to appease the goddess Forinne. . His Costumes- -riBichard Wagner gremB- ally xeorivedhU viritorain modtovalcottiimHv audi as lie Always wore -when composing.:- Altxacdre Dnmas, calling -on him' toie day. . was highly amneed at thsmfjtrirpdm "li Yon are att dressed up to pfay -"-Geselre. -eihT' said Dumas, with his goOd-natored lsngh,- which rather hart, the feelings ot tos texfoor: ' of "Tannhauser," who nevertheless retumed M. Dumas' viaifcwhen next he weutto Faris. < After same delay M. Ddmas appeared at last, arrayed in a magdificent dressiDg-gown with lare® fluwer pattera, « bedmet with .flying - plumes, a :lifs-hrit - round hie waist, and - enormons ridiiig hoots. ; " Pardon ine," Baid ha majestically, "tat appearing in my workiDg adetiimA I can do i nothing without being dressed in this manner, Hslfrf my ideas live in thisbrimri, sndtoa other hall are lodged in my boots, which ace ' indispensable to me when -I -write my love . eoenes." . HLoral Gourage —There is a brave man - in Eentuoky. Toe Slate Is' noted for tbe . bravery of ber.eoos .and the.beauty of ber danghtore; but the man we Apeak of . has .a., kind of courage which is rare -everywhere atid at all times. His name is John -B. Bhea. -Gu ' the stamp xecentiy, -Mr. Bhea descanted with freedom upon another Eptekdr, who replied fay a ohallenge to mortal combat. Bhea :da. > ctined to fight for lour reasons : L He did not believe in . duelling. 2. -It was against - the law! 3. There was Eome one dependent upon him to.whombeowed protection. 4. HXS ' aoeeptance Cf a eUeUtegc wonld exelnde »»"» lrom toepractice.of tus jwoftesron-in -Sen-' tooky;: There are-nrgumentawbishlda- cm-; ponents will find ;lt -difficnltto ansxrer. .-.At, toe tomeDme, speakers wbo do not hriievs Jn duelling are practically hound to treat Ebah,' -opponents with the most Bmupajouspersohial . (eepeet. v, ' " A feeble hJri Ybooub kpniit tor iecni ploynient inBritoaoe tolled n pointos alder man fromius-wardthe -otherday, land press, - ihg Jds claims to ceuaideratipri hnpon tiie ground . oi servioc .rendered upon electioa, < nrgedihe AldOrman' to secure : ".W%r»;my dearldlow, you Are too emk to'; for;ypn, but it is tgafrif toe queEtibn jit&hre;' .is4» obebf ihslqmrtihentB totd sroifld'fit Vyour-p tea." " IsriTtoeref What'-etoemattte wito Departoent ?," v; \- female striffentfleratinoxeroDs ih'faris Imoetol toaur ItUEE/aorl.ajudgeoerrilypoor' M.wleblb-llibecldinl tfyir ya yi yfa) -a jjnanpn facie pnstoomatiaedjjBe /t<k, pud a 