How a Good Ship was Lost. ; On tho night of October 27th, 1842, the goodBhip " Mary Compton," of Bristol, England, wa3,,strug giing .with n fearful gale oif the.coast of North America. The wind blow furiously, but the weather ,wos clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron llock Shoals. This lighthouse marked the en trance to, tho harbour. Once there, and they wore safe. , Sure of his position, ho sailed. on, con 'llderitly.' 'Five minutes later the tho, ship struck \vitli,a fearful.shock and went to pieces. .Four men: including tho Captain were . saved . On reaching the shore they found.a strange'.thing had happened. r An" enemy of tho lighthouse keeper had'bound him hand iiud foot and extinguished, the.light. ? : Souls as woll as s'aips, steer by tho light*.. Hope ?is tlio'most important . lighthouse in the world., What'shall be said of tho rnon who. darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit 1 " " You urc beyond human aid." These words were said by a,physician to n woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No ; for ho might be wrong and in any case ho had no business to put out the light.:; . ., . j This woman had b2en ill for some time. In Juno 1889, she was greatly- alarmed ..by,, hev symptoms. ; i' heart'palpitated, and she "was so giddy she could scarcely stand." Ilcr head whirled " and," alio said? "allobjects seemed to go into a cloud." She had, to hold herself up or"sit down for fear of falling. Sho broke out into a sweat although cold ?as death. A dreadful cough > racked her framo so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about the house," sho says, " I was so weak. I tried different remedies, and medicines without avail.,' .I wont to the Dis pensary at New Uriggate and asked thodoetor.to tell me the worst. His answer .was, " 1 have mixed yon some medicine, you can 'tuke it or leave it." 1 took it for three weeks,rthen gave up in despair. . " I talked with two. other physicians. The last one said,' You arc past human aid.'-" M My heart sank within me, for. I .had live little children, and my,death would leave them without a mothers love and euro., .l went home and , cried till?£ was. sick.. I ? had no' appetite aud lost flesh till I was thin as a.ghost I My mother came to suo me and did not know mo. .My.skin was of u greun unci yellow color, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat.- About this time I commenced vomiting, nnd what I. threw up wns tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at il o'clock on a Saturday morning 'and scarcely .got rest from it until Monday morning. " At this time I remembered that Mrs, Wilson, with whom 1 formerly worked in Crawford's Mil), in East-street, Leeds (where Hive), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's. the Chemist, in Great Garden street, and got a bottle. A few, doses stopped the vomit ing, and 15y degrees from day to day 1 felt better. Soon I could eat a dry enmt, and by the-time I had finished the second, bottle 1 had got overall my bad symptoms nnd was fast getting my strength back. I am now (April, 18!)0,) in better health than ever before in my life. " I should have taken Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God 1 did got it at last, and it cured me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neighbours know the facU I have related, and L will reply to any letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs, Ann Mills, 40, Bread street, York Road, LeedB, This was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have had no tale to tell. She did wroug to wait one hour-for any rea son, after having known what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup had done for her friend Mrs, Wilson, 