Wedding Rings \----------- In Russia, as in many other countries, both husband and wife have a ring in tes- timony of their nuptials. The members of our own royal family adopt this plan. The Duke of Connaught wears on his fourth finger a plain gold hoop with "Margue- rite", engraved inside, his wife's ring bearing the name of "Arthur." And at the present moment a well-known London firm advertises gentlemen's wedding rings as a specialty. The Prince of Wales gave his bride a hoop with six stones— beryl, emerald, ruby, turquoise, jacinth, and emerald, the initials forming his own pet name, "Bertie." It has always been recognised among lovers that there is a special stone for each month in love's, calendar. January is represented by the garnet (constancy) ; February, by the amethyst (sincerity); March, by the blood- stone (courage) ; April, by the diamond (innocence); 5 May, by the emerald (success in love) ; June, the agate (long life) ; July, the chameleon (contented mind); August, the sardonyx (married happiness); Sep- tember, the chrysote (clearness of intel- lect); October, opal (fortunate); Novem- ber, topaz (fidelity); December, turquoise (prosperity). When our Queen was married she distributed, in remembrance of the event gold rings enclosing her likeness, but so exceedingly small that they were invisible except by means of a magnifying glass; they are highly treasured amongst many members of the aristocracy to this day. A wedding ring need not of necessity be gold. Ere this many loving couples have been married — and legally married, too — with a curtain ring, and amongst these were people of no less note than the then Duke of Hamilton and one of the beautiful Miss Gunnings. Iron rings have been made to do duty of gold, and sometimes even leather. We read of one bride whose finger was encircled during the ceremony with a piece of kid cut from her own glove ; while the very poorest classes were content with rush rings. The Puritans abolished wedding: rings altogether, and to this day some members of the Society of Friends object to their use on account of their heathen origin. Time was when they were worn on the thumb. When George I was king, as soon as the ceremony was over the bride removed her wedding ring from the ring finger to the thumb, and traces of the custom are still visible in some pictures of the period where they are depicted. This perhaps accounts for the saying, "Wear my husband on my thumb." Another class of thumb ring was ecclesiastical. Brides of our day would hardly object to the old custom that after the bridegroom had placed the wedding-ring on the wife's finger he should supplement it by several others with gems. In early days the espousal circlet was placed first on one finger then on another before, its final resting-place, with, the words, "In the name of the Father, the Son and Holy Ghost. Amen." Interesting relics of old days are the gimmal rings, used both for marriage and betrothal. They were made of two or three movable hoops, one of which, was worn by each of the lovers during the betrothal ; but at the marriage the completed ring was united again, and served for a keeper or wedding ring, the hoops being kept together by clasped hands, and sometimes attached to a heart. In the North, of Europe the wedding ring opened in the centre, so that' there was room, for the finger to enlarge with age; but in this case it was not of plain gold, but chased and engraved. No doubt the double and triple gimmal rings originated in the old idea of a betrothed couple dividing a coin, each keeping half. 