ST. PATRICK’S CATHEDRAL. THE CONSECRATION CEREMONY. IMPOSING SERVICES. TWELVE PRELATES TAKE PART. A ceremony unique in the history of Roman Catholicism took place in Ballarat yesterday, namely, the consecration of St. Patrick’s Cathedral. This is the first occa- sioQ on which a cathedral ha* been conse crated in connection with the Roman Catholic Church in Australia. It was fitting, therefore, that the ceremonies at tending the service should and that they certainly were. And throughout the whole breathed that true spirit of devotion that should characterise such a function. The cathedral was thrown open for the first time since its artistic renovation, j and the classically beautiful altar, procured by Dr Moore whilst in Italy, was unveiled, i Altogether the occasion was one that will j long be remembered by Catholics in Ballarat and district as one of special joy and thanks giving. A description of the altar, with a history of the cathedral, and particulars concerning its recent renovation, appeared in The Stay* on Friday, so that further refer ence to these matters is unnecessary. The Morning Service Was a. most impressive one. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated, the celebrant being Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, while Cardinal Moran occupied- the throne, and subsequently preached an able sermon. Dr Delaney acted as master of the ceremonies in a faultless manner. Father O’Parrell offi ciated as deacon, Father Doyle as sub deacon, and Monsigneur ELoyue as assistant priest. The prelates present were—rCardinnl Moran, Archbishop of Sydney; Dr Carr, Archbishop: of Melbourne; Dr Reynolds, Archbishop of Adelaide; Dr Dunne, Arch bishop of Brisbane; Dr Redwood, Arch bishop of Wellington; Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat; Dr Murray, Bishop of Maitland; Dr Byrne, Bishop of Bathurst; Dr Dunne, Bishop of Wilcanuia; Dr Reville, Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst; Dr Corbett, Bishop of Sale; and Dr O'Reilly, i Bishop of Port Augusta, There were also ■ present Mohsrgheurs O'Hea, O'Dowd, and Hayne; the Very Rev. Fathers Vaughan (Redemptorist) and Cahill, S.J., and about 40 other regular and secular priests. Amongst the distinguished members of the laity present were the Hons. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C.; J. G. Duffy, and VV. Madden, I M.'sL.A.; Mr. D. Brophy, 0 S.G ; Mr | Archer, and many,others. I Cardinal Moran chose as his text, Hebrews xii., 22. I —" You are come unto Mount Zion, and unto the I city of the Living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and | to the company of many hosts of angels, and to the I church of the first-born, who are written in the I heavens, and to God. the Judge of all, and to the I spirits of the just made perfect.” After congratulate | ing Dr Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, the clergy, and the j people, on the consummation of years of pitienfc I labor, in which many prelates, and priests, and repre- I sentatives of the laity rejoiced, the preacher said—lt ! was thus that Jacob rejoiced when he saw the golden I ladder reaching to heaven, and the heart of David I was filled with joy when he saw the ap | proach of the Arlc of the Covenant. The architeo | tural symmetry of the cathedral, its richness of I ornamentation, its sanctuary, altar, and stained | glass windows, made it an ornament worthy of the city, and the munificence of the citizens. But it was also an enduring monument of religion, and would be to unborn generations a record of zeal and piety. A century ago the darkness of paganism reigned in Australasia; now the light of Divine truth shone brightly throughout the length and breadth of the land, and an enlightened people, proud of the freedom which is its birthright, erected innumerable monuments, of benevolence, education, and re ligion, to prove its gratitude for the heavenly gifts it had received. We.l might they exclaim, “The finger of God is here; this is the work of Ilfs right hand." The cathedral in .a diocese was the symbol of the one h-ly Catholic church—the type of the heavenly Jetu*«l∋, of the new creation of God up m earth, the ark of the covenant, the pillar and ground of truth. The cardinal continued—This sacred edifice will bring home to each Christian pil gr;ra the triple most endearing band if Christian unity-one faith, one baptism, one fo?d. One faith 1 Even as the sun in the firmament sheds its rays Throughout the whole world, so shall the teachings of Divine truth which you receive within these hallowed wails be the common heritage of all the nations and peoples who enjoy the gospel light, and in , this; unity of faith you shall be linked with all the i choirs of saints who have adorned the church in the past, and with every fervent heart that till the end I of time will serve God and love Him. One baptism 1 The sacraments administered here are the perennial I fountains of the Redeemer's love; the same to-day as when they first gushed forth at the toot of the cross. . , . One fold 1 The spiritual authority which shall here be exercised was foreshadowed by the rod of Aaron, that buddeih forth its leaves and blossoms; it is the very authority of Christ himself, ever present in His Church. . . It is that divine au thority which invites the sinner to repent, the straying, sheep to return to the loving care of the good shepherd of souls. . . . Irrthe matter of religion there is nothing more common at the present day, outside the C itholic fold, than an indifference to this unity with which Christ enriched his church. Men will tell us this is not a time for petty disputes or sectarian differences. If some temporal end is to be gained or some material interest pro moted; if we are in search of political power, tho limits of religion must not stand in our way. The whole spirit of the age is one of compromise. With the Protestant clergy of various denominations, in the pulpit no less than in the press and on the public platform, the greatest problem now di-tcussed is how to bring together the conflicting heresies and scattered sects, in order that by mutual concession , . they may adopt some form of agreement, and devise a ‘broad bnaia of doctrine in which all may concur. In the various Protestant synods held during the last f*w years, this was the question of the hour, and it appears to have been very generally accepted that all should by mutual concessions fashion to themselves some diluted form of Christianity to serve ns the common creed of all. Thus it is that now -days men who glory in the Christian name have come to treat with indifference the divine ttuths which the Eternal God in His infinite wisdom and mercy lias revealed to us. The Catholic Church alone allows no compro mise in the teachings of divine faith. The truths revealed by our blessed Lord are her heritage. It is her minion to hand them on to the end of tim*, and heaven and earth shall pass away before she shall be unfaithful.to thatmisuon or shall surrenderors particle of the sacred deposit of divine truth entrusted to her. When the Redeemer unfolded the doctrines of life to ilis disciples on the shores of Galilee, there were many adherents of the Jewish sects who would lay claim to some form of compromise nt His hands. They admired His teaching, and would fain comoine His lessons of wisdom with the traditions of the law of which they were so prou*. But where there was question of truth or error. He who was truth itself would allow no compromise. "He that is not with Me Is against Me;” "Whosoever githereth not with Me scaltereth." Such were the words with which He rebuked their unbelief. « . . . When there was question of compromising the doctrines which lie announced, there can be uo middle course, no neutrality. . . . "I am the Shepherd; My lambs and sheep hear My voice; if you receive not My words of life you are not of My fl >ck —you are cast off from My savin" fold." The Divine Redeemer is "the same yesterday, to-day, and for evermore.** From the sanctuary of Uis truth He addresses to us the same wo-ds The divine truths which he brought from the bosom of his Father, he has consigned to the church, and the Holy Ghost abides in the church, the guardian of those truths. 44 1 will ask the Father, and lie shall send the Paraclete to teach you all truth, and to abide with you for ever,” Not one particle of that sacred heritage shall be frittered away or sacrificed, no matter what the exigencies of political parties I may be, or what clamor may be raised by the pride and passions of men. Whosoever receives not those truths cannot hare the spirit of God for his guide, nor can he rest upon the roex against which the gates of hell shall ever rage in vain, nor can he be built upon the foundation* of the apostles and prophet*, the corner-stone being J-’BUs Christ. . . The apostle cf nations cries out, * There can be no respect of per- , sons in the matter of divine truth; if anyone preach to you other than that which you have received, let I hitn be anathema,* and he adds, 'Although an angel I from heaven were to preach to you other than we I have preached to you. let him be anathema.* • . • , And so the Catholio Church has acted in every age. Statesmen of every rank, princes in the paths of science, conquerors of kingdom*, political leader*, may suggest the expediency of reconciling the enmity cf men, by accepting some com promise in secondary matters and Mirren lur ing some unimportant maxims of truth, but ths answer of the church has been, 4 you are mes sengers not of light but of darkness;* anathema to all who seek to corrupt the teachings of divine truth. Through the 18 centuries of the church’s history, and whenever the spirit of the age would suggest compro mise, the church, through the voice of her pastors, proclaimed the teaching of divine truth and pro nounced anathema against those who received it not.” The Fathers of the church assembled at Nice* thus answered the attempts of the Arlans. Centuriesalter, when a controversy was stirred up by tire Greeks, asking for the altering of one word in the creed, the •hurch replied that there could be no compromise. In the sixteenth century the same reply was returned to leaders of public opinion throughout Europe. The apostle when instructing Timothy, said—" Guard the deposit, and turn away from the profane babbling-* and opposition of knowledge, so called.” The church had ever regarded these words ns addressed to each pastor of the spiritual fold, and acted upon the o. During the first 29 years of tho church's history these words found an echo in the catacombs of Rome. On the roll of Pontiffs, from St, Peter to St. Sylvester, in whose pontificate peace was restored to the church, there were no fewer than 25 who laid down their lives to preserve the deposit of the faith. Amid the assaults of heresy in later ages, and when the flood of corruption would threaten to submerge the world, the same warning words, "Guard the deposit of faith,” were unceasingly heard throughout the church. And well did the myriad martyrs following in the footsteps of St. Ignatius and St. Polycarp pre serve and hand down that sacred deposit. Numerous instances were cited by the preacher of fathers of the church who had proclaimed her teachings fearlessly. Open enemies and false friends had enquired into the church's dealings with her children and with the world around her, yet had they never been able to discover one case of compromise i in the • matter ef divine truth, one fault in her pure doctrine, one blot on the deposit of the faith entrusted to her. Nay, more, by the singular gift of her Divine Founder, she had not only remained thus holy, thus unchanged, amid the ever varying interests and vicissitudes of conflicting nations and peoples, but she had : raparted to all those who came within her influence a participation in her own prerogatives of unity, enlightenment and(holines*. Her history in the past was the presage and pledge of her future course. Her strength would not grow old. her beauty would not decay. The bastions and towers of the New Jerusalem should not crumble. Thev should remain unmoved despite the wickedness of inen, amid all .the tempests and storms that awaited the City of Qnd, untilthe day of God's final triumph. The Apostle, in saying there could he only one faith, said there could no more be a division of the faith titan a division of God Himself. The unity of faith was not the handicraft of man, hut a Divine gift of heaven. The church jealously guarded each and every particle of that gift, and to those outside her fold she with no uncertain word*, but at the same 1 lime with tenderest compassion andlove. never ceased to repeat the admonition, "You can have no part | with Christ unless heartily and sincerely you embrace the unity of his faith." Men whs judged of things merely in a worldly spirit might easily be led astray at rimes by outward appearances, might fail to realise the essential difference between the Church, quickened as it was by a divine life, and heresy, which, though it was the mere work of man, too often endeavored to transform itself into the likeness o( the Church rf Christ. Tertnllan Illustrated this ' by the comb built by wasps, which was perfect j in form, but without the honey placed in their cells i by bees. Some branch of the tree—lo which the church bad also been likened—might be torn down , by the fury of the storm, but the true tree rcm lined, | and though should a branch be tenderly cared for it would yield no fruit. The apostle sketched the sad fate of all heresies, in the words—'“ That we be not tossed to and fro. carried away by every wind of doctrine, by the deceit of men, in cunning, through the contrivance of error." To-day they proclaimed a certain doctrine as the teaching of faith; to-morrow that doctrine was forgotten, and the very contrary was taught. Arianism in 50 years presented no fewer than 20 dis tinct forms of creed. Luther proclaimed that man was saved by f*ith alone. Since then Protestant opinion had veered round through every point of the cmipass, and now the vast majority of professing Protestants would say that it matters little what you may believe. The divinity of our blessed Lord might be rejected, the inspiration of Scripture be denied, baptismal regeneration and eternal punishment be laughed at, the creed be reduced to the mere Chriatology of rationalism; they would contend that it was not by faith but by works that one must be saved. St. Augustine reckoned 83 heresies that flourished up to his day; now there were 300 distinct sects flourishing in the bosum of the Anglican church. The Catholic Church, despite the vicis situdes of all human things, continued to stand before us to-day, not in the decrepitude of old age, but arrayed in the unity and vigor and comeliness of the faith, even as she came forth from the Redeemer’s .hands. Might they not repeat, with St. Augustine and others, that there was nothing on earth that in strength, beautv, and majesty c >uld ho compared to the Catholic Church. But it must be remembered i thattblswasthegiftof thedlvinefounderof thechurch, and redounded solely to Hisglory. Thesunrlse nvghtbe painted on canvas as perfectly as possible, but it | would shed around no genial rays of heat. Such was heresy compared to the Catholic Church, No matter how heresies might be found to differ among them selves, they have been always prepared to merge their differences in order to combine against the Catholic , Church. But the more they endeavored thus to assail the church, the more had they cast aside the shreds of truth they had hitherto retained, and the greater had their confusion become. All sectaries | are agreed in rejecting the mision of St, Peter and his successors as the chief pastors on earth of the spiritual fold, and in refusin' to pay due tributes of honor to the Blessed Virgin. To combat the attacks made on the church, they should cultivate a spirit of faith, with humble earnestness and perseverance. They must cherish a reverential tore for the Holy Scriptures, particularly the New Testament They should promote enlightenment by a Christian literature. They required religions instruction for all their Catholic children. They did not yield to the most enthusiastic Secularists in their desire that the system of education should be as perfect as may be in all its material branches; but they wanted more— they were intent on religions instruction. He had no doubt all things would bo attained, in due time. The preacher concluded an elo quent sermon by the following brilliant perora tion on the church:—“We salute, thee, 0 Mother Church, venerable in the multitude of the nations who are gathered to thy fold ! Rich in mercy, with more than mother’s love thou dispenaeat to God's children throughout the world the blessings of His love! The traditions and triumphs of eighteen centuries are thine; the best and the bravest of every land are thy sons, enrolled with thee under the banner of the cross. Will it net ba our prayer that this glory of the faith may he ever perpetuated, and that the union which so happily binds together the supreme pastor and the bishops and clergy and faithful throughout the world, which is the pledge of the church’s triumphs, may remain for ever unbroken? And may that sacred union find its counterpart in this Australian land—a guarantee that the blessings of religion and Christian civilisation shall be our lasting heritage, and that here, beneath •the Southern Gross, the victories of Che faith shall be renewed in the footsteps of the holy church.” The Luncheon. In the afternoon Bishop Moore entertained the ; visitors and a large number of local citizens at a banquet at the Holy Ghost Cdlege, Sturt street. An excellent repast was’provided by Mr MTntyre, of Bridge street. - Bishop Moore occupied the chair. The chairman remarked that the people of Ballarat were deeply grateful at the honor done them by Cardinal Moran. Wherever the interests of the Catholic Church in Australia were concerned the cardinal was always there, visiting all the colonies where his presence was required. They were deeply indebted to the Archbishop of Sydney, and he (the speaker) trusted he was not divulging too many secrets when he said that the cardinal would be the ecclesiastical historian of Australia. He had great pleasure in proposing “The Health of His Emi nence, Cardinal Moran.” The foast was honored with great enthusiasm. ! Cardinal Moran, in returning thanks, said that each time he had visited the city of Ballarat be had done so with increasing , pleasure, and each rime he had learnt instructive lessons. He bad been many times the guest of their.bishop, and had found his host so exceedingly kind that it became a difficulty to go away, (Applause.) He admired the many institu tions that had sprung up like under the bishop’s direction. Th? college in which they were assembled and other institutions had been erected within a short time, each one of which would have taken six or seven years to build in an other (place. He had almost made his lordship a promise to come back every year. If he had admired the institutions, he had also admired the marv.-llous harmony that existed among the members of the church, and no greater progress had .been made in Australia than in this great colony of Victoria. The people here had continued the wonderful energy shown in older times by the miners of Ballarat. In a new country they had always to look to the future. They had to build up the institutions that promoted ! and sustained peace and concord, and be congratulated , the bishop on the success that had attended him* in the past and must attend bin in the future. (Ap plause.) In concluding he would propose the health of “His Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat.” Old friend- ; ship prevented him from saying all he would wish to say. There was an old story of a man who tried to please, hut who never succeeded in pleasing any body. His lordship, however, was always travelling about and always pleasing everybody by his works of charity and religion. He asked those present to join him in drinking the bishop’s good health. The health of Bishop Moore was enthusiastically honored. The bishop, in replying thanked his Eminence the Cardinal for his kindly remarks, and .«nid he had always taken an interest In the diocrae and had lived in peace and harmony with his fellow.citiz-ns for the last six-and-twenty years. He thanked his Eminence sincerely and the other gentlemen for the toast. The bishop next proposed the health of the illus trious archbishops and bishops who had been present at the day’s ceremony. He referred to the various visitors by whose presence they had been favored. Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, in replying said he had hardly recovered from an attack of influenza, but he thought if anything was required to ensure a re covery it was the occasion on which they had met that day. He would be pleased to be present at many similar ceremonies. Archbishop Redwood, of New Zealand, also re sponded, and expressed his pleasure at being present. He had been often desirous of coming to this city, so famous for the energy of its inhabitants. He had expected a great deal, but had been surprised at what he had seen. There must be something majical about the people of Ballarat or the Bishop of Ballarat. He admired the admirable harmony that existed among ail sections of the community. The city could he held up as a m del to the rest of the colo nies. (applause.) Archbishop Reynolds, South Australia, stid he had been pleased to take part in the great and solemn ceremony of the consecration of the mother church of the diocese, lie had been in Ballarat before and had pleasure in comb g back and seeing its people. He mu-t compliment BUlarat people on their charitable institutions and the generosity and liberality dis played by them. Archbishop Dunne, of South Australia, replied In a few suitable words. Bishop Murray, of Maitland, made reference to tho first provincial council in Melbourne, and said he felt no country in the world had made such progress from a Catholic point of view a« this fair land of Australia. The Chairman proposed the health of the mayor of the City and others, and congratulated Mayor Shoppee on the manner in which he had fulfilled the duties of his office. Mayor Shoppee, in replying to the toast, said it was his aim to assist every denomination. The Hon. Henry Cuthbert, M.L.C., and Judge Gaunt also responded. The Chairman said he had much pleasure in pro posing the health of their esteemed f lends from Melbourne. The Hon. J. O. Duffy, Postmaster-General, re sponded. He said he seemed to come to Ballarat generally on account of a Moore. On the previous ’ occasion it was Tom Moore, and thn time it was Janies Moore, and he was not. certain that the latter was not the greater. He referred to the fact fat four of his schoolmates in Dublin had come to be bishops in Australia. Of these two were dead, and the other two were present at that gathering. He did not know where throughout the length and breadth of Australia they would find a city more Ins pU.able than Ballarat. and h* would b- always glad to accept the hospitality of Ballarat people.' The Hon, Nicholas Fitzgerald. M.L.C., replied in a few suitable words, and said hi-* Lordship Bishop Moore had done magnificent wo r k in the district. Mr Walter Madden, M.L.A., also responded, and said he was always pleased to come to Ballarat, which was justly called the Athens of the South. Archbishop Carr proposed “The Clergy,” to wh T ch Father K'gers, Father Cahill, and Friar Vaughan replied. The toast of “ The Catholic Laity of Ballarat” waa proposed by Bishop Moore, and responded to by Mr Brophy, and the proceedings terminated. The Evening Service. In the evening solemn vespers were recited by Dr i Murray, Bishop of Maitland, the Bishop of Ballarat occupying the throne. The preacher on the occasion was Dr Redwood, Archbishop rf W Ilington. who chose as his text St. Paul’s words, “ Thi-* is the vic tory which overcame the world—our faith.” St. Paul , said of faith that “ it is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things unseen." This was the force that enabled men to grasp evidence not of this world but of the magnificent thi* gs in store for i ourselves in the other world. Faith was decribed by the church as “a supernatural and divine virtue whereby we firmly believe things that God has revealed on the authority ef God who re vealed them.” It taught truths umneasureably above what man hy his unaided intellect could find out. Faith believed a glorious body of truth on the authority of God. This involved the knowledge of ! God's right to ask man to believe. There were ! various ways by which knowledge could be ac quired. There were the five senses, and there , was the understanding, hy which self- evident facts were demonstrated. Other truths wre ac quired by a chain of reasoning. Some facts bad to be taken on the testimony of others. This was i natural faith, but supernatural fa* ! h revealed things that were beyond natural knowledge. Faith gave a more certain knowledge, and gave it more easily. There were some truths that were called mysteries, the perfect knowledge of which was reserved for the other world. By faith they knew that God is nok merely one intelligent being, but that He is the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The knowledge of the glorious Trinity in unity could not he gained by the light of human reason. He reveals to man that He enjoys His own society, Man knew that one of Him died on the. cross as Jesus Christ. Some people said they wished they could believe- these things, but to do so would be to degrade their Intel loots. That was aw error. The telescope revealed things unseen by the human eye, and faith revealed what the human intellect could not fathom. Surely i it not degrading the sight, but rather ennobling it, to use tho telescope. So it was with faith. It was the glory of the intellect that by faith it could take’ out of the storehouse of truth magnificent worlds of knowledge. The eye of the soul was ndsed into another world. Surely this waa tho exaltation, glory, and triumph of the mind to receive from ij*. finite light magnificent knowledge. Faith was neces sary for man. U was nn error to say that happiness could Vu> attained without faith. Scientists could not tell us how man came into exist ence or whether there v« a next world. Was man, then, to perish like the beast? of the field ec ? u . ,e I* 1 ® ! human mind unaided could not pierce the infinite! A thousand times, no! If we have to stamruefore a | judge, at the last great assizes of the world, we must j know what to do to prepare for it, gospel of faith said, ** Ha who does not believe m Christ, j having had Him preached faithfully to him, is I already condemned.” St. Paul says, It is im- ; possible without faith to please God.” God re quired to prepare man for a supernatural destiny by a supernatural agency. Faith was necessary for salvation, and it was a gross error ro think it could be done without. Alone it was insuffi cient, as Christ's answer to the rich young man showed. It was also necessary to obey the law, Men would be judged by their deeds, not by faith. In eloquent terms the preacher depicted the darkness of the world b.fore the advent of Christ, and without faith. If faith were lost now the world would go back to something worse than it was before, because hope would be lost. Faith was disappearing fast in some places. Look at Europe. It had refused the arbitration of the Holy See and gone back to the barbarism of force—that of large armies. The monster communism sought to sweep away property; that of socialism tried to destroy the family; and that of infidelity endeavored to uproot religion. Yet these were the three plilars that upheld the whole of society. This cathedral was a magnificent .sample of the result of faith. He did not know a town iu the colonies that could boast so many Christian institutions as Ballarat. The work of hlaying the memorial stone of the lie demptorist monastery was another monument of faith. The Redemptorist fathers were an acquisi tion to the city. He knew them as those whose teachings went home to the hearts of the people. He congratulated the bishop of the dicerse on the result of his faith and his flock’s. He urged his hearers to keep faithas their greatest treasure. They must prac tise it on themselves and in their families. They shou’d treasure the Catholic schools as the apple of their eye, and support them, Thry should protect, multiply, and extend them, and rauke the land as glorious as that from which they came. Then when they had done their work in this world, they would receive their reward in the next. The Music. Probably no portion of the ceremonies added more to the devotional nature of the proceedings, or proved more interesting to the large number of strangers and visitors from other churches who were present, than the magnificent performance of sacred music by a large and powerful choir and orchestra, assisted by Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian, Mr J. W. Burton, and Signor Buzzi, under the direction of Mr Wrigley, the choirmaster of ihe cathedral. The mass chosen for this occasion was luimmell’s well-known mass-in E flat, a work of peculiarly devotional character, in which the dramatic form of expression never supersedes the devotional, as in some of the sacred compositions of Weber, Schu bert, Nierdermeyer. Rossini, and others. Be fore the commencement of the Pontifical High Mass, and on the entry of the prelates and clergy, Mr J W. Burton, with the choir, gave a very fine render ing of Zingarelli’s M Caudate pueri,” a beautiful setting, which. like the well-known “VenUe Ado remUft*’ of Christmas Dray, may be heard at certain seasons of the year In almost every part of the civilized world. In this, as well as in other portions of the music in which Mr Burton took a principal pait, his fine voice was heard under the most favor able concitions, and to the best advantage, and was | evidently listened to with deep attention. Mr J, 1 Lake,who was in goad voice, afterwards >ang, " Come | let us ado e,” in English, with distinct articulation I that enabled the congregation to (oilaw the words 1 throughout, and his solo produced an impressive effect. As* regards Hummel's Mass, it may be said at once that probably no finer performance of sacred music has ever been heard in Ballarat. Of the solos by Madame Christian, Mrs Palmer, and Signor Buzzi, it would b* superfluous to say that they were artistic and admirable in every respect. 'Jhe performers were apparently in their best “form,” and the iunHc was well calculated to display to the full their vocal capacity. Especially noticeable were the du?t in the ** Gloria” by Mr Burton and Signor Buzzi, and the beautiful tenor solo of the, “Efc IncamatuV impressively rendered by Mr Burton, the congregation and clergy all kneeling. The choir was numerically strong, and was supported by a well-selected orchestra led by Herr Bruno, and by the organ under the skilled manipulation of Mr Thos. Bailey. The united musi cal forces were directed and controlled by Mr Wrigley iu a style that is beyond praise. The choral numbers ,were given with marked precision, delicacy, and •finish, and both the music and its performance were characterised as well by deep devotional feeling as by the total absence of any thing approaching to dramatic display. During the offertory Carehman’s '*T« prego” was sung with string and organ aceompani -1 roent, the solo parts being admirably delivered by Mrs Palmer, Madame Christian and Sir Burton. After the mass, the choir sang Homberg’s'Te Deum,” a fine com position, closely mtdelled on the style of Mozart. At the evening vesper? the singing of the choir was aug mented by the additional voices of 45 boys, trained by Mr Ilyan, who sang alternate verses of the vesper psalms with the choir, the hoys in unison and the choir in full harmony. The principal solos during the ! evening were “Clamavi ad te,” by Mrs Palmer, with j orchestral accompaniment; Cherubini’s ** Ave Maria,” by Madame Christian, with violin, flute, and organ accompaniment; Weis.-*’ "O Salntaris,” by Signor Buzzi; and Rossi's * 4 Tantura ergo,” by Mr Burton and -Signor Buzz 5 . All the'solos were given with impres sive effect, and must bar- been heard with entire satisfaction and pleasure by the immense congrega tion present. The service concluded with a magnifi cent rendering of Beethoven's “Hallelujah chorus” , from the '* Mount of Olives.” 