'A Ghost at the Window. THE POLICE SCARED. -It'would seem that Galway is not "oidi" itd be behindhand in the matter of bbief in the supernaturnl, judging from the state of excitement created a few:nights ago by the rumor that a ghost had made its appearance at one of the windows of a house in Abbey gate street, directlyoppositethe sacristy of the Pro-Cathedral of St. Nicholis. This house, it must be mentioned (says England antd the Union), was lately occupied by a woman who died after a a very short illness. Since her death it beedmie tenanted by another person, but from some cause or other the last mentioned left, and the place re mained unoccupied till last week. Theni it was taken by another womian. On the night it was occupied ame children were passing to attend devotiuns at the chapel, when they say they obsers ed a sort of unusual light in the house, aid ii woman standing near the open .window, who, in :a sepulebril voice,. said, -" Offer one prcyer fori ne. Some of the childremi fainted onl the spot, anid this. ciised others goinsg to their; desvotions .to inquire into the cause. The -:tale'<of thedspe ;ticathme'window spredtd ]i]ed wildfire,iand in i quzirt i of an, lmomii~ no leSs than.2000 persons hiadl -congre gated outside 'the hai unted ilhduse. The streetsV' on each 'side helieigie blocked.. The crushing and jostlin"g to get'n: glimpse at the .? visitor, from the' dther.world " was sucd as has nover beeni dqibilled irs Gsalvay.' Saev;inl per sons were thrown aird trimped upon, ,cnd it was with the "reatest dificulty a strong force of 'police, after about th- ce houirs incessant lacboi, succeeded in clearins the streets suflicienitl.l to allow pedstritnans and ·c ars' to piss, the trinm cars were' even compelled to itiand stillin the stireets The. folloiing nights the . same state of things' prevasled, but; the real cause -of::the rumor . lias not been s itisfactordly explaingd. serea versions of 'whsit the object really i is that createal such c sensa tion ase siven, but the adult portion of the comniuniity say that 50 years ago thdere vas also "someithin" seen" ici the house, it having been tlhe scene of 'ii most brutal miturder-namely, gthie assassnii'tion of a woman! named xakwell bay hier husbanid. From the description now given of the late sip parition by the children, 'who msay they saw it, thie oldeipeoulele cays it s one and the sime ghost, which has to put up alternate half centusieis in this worldanid the other ' The police are stationed near thu place, where four streets nmeet;, .iid it is as iuch as they c-n do to keep the curioums from con g"ie"tsng. It is imist surp-sing that smonigst this class are to be foliuid sonmk of the most respectblile, and, it might bee expeted enhlightened ;people inc the toen, both umale aiidfemale. The 'strangest thing of ill is tiht, notwithstindin" the tlhousands who congregate ni'htly, not one -even the police -hIave the courage to by to un i-cel the myster. 0 