THE NOVELIST. THE WORLD'S DESIRE. By H. Eider Haggard and Andrew Lang. Beltnam vero immortalem fuitse iixdicaX Umpus.~ SBunvs. jskeid II., SOL BOOK HL CHAPTER VUL " TILL ODYSSEUS COMES." ine wanderer laugnea like a god, tnougn be deemed that the end was near, and tbe foes within tbe campand the friends without looked on htm ana Wondered. " Slay him!" dried the fooB within speaking in many: tongues. . "Slay him!" they cried, and yet they feared the task, but circled round like hounds abont a mighty boar at bay. "Spare him!" -shouted the host of the Achasans watching tbe bay from far, as they stood behind their inner wall, tor as yet they hod not mingled in the battle, but stayed by their ships to guard them. " Rescue him," cried the captains of Pharaoh without, but none came on to force the way. Then of a eudden'asfate hung upon the turn a great cry of fear and wonder rose from the ranks of Pharaoh's host beyond tbe wall. It swelled and swelled full at length tbe ciy took the sound of a mame—the sound of the name of Hathor. "The Hathor! The Hathorl See the Hathor comes 1" The Wanderer turned his head and looked swiftly. <A golden chariot sped down the slope of sand towards the gate of the camp. The milk-white horses were stained with sweat and splashed with blood. They thundered on towards the gate down the way that was red with blood, as the horses of the dawn rush through the blood-red eky. A little man, withered and old, drove the chariot, leaning forward as he drove, and by his side stood the golden Helen. The Fed star blazed upon her breast, her hair and filmy robes floated on the : wind. _ 1 She looked up end forth. - Wowshe-saw him, ! Odysseus of Ithaca, her love, alone, besot witlh foes, and a cry broke from her. She tore away the veil thathid her face and her beauty flashed out upon the aightof men as the moon flashes from the evening mists. She pointed to the gate, she stretched out her arms towards the host of Pharaoh, bidding them look upon her and follow' her. Them a shout went up from the host, and they rushed onwards in the path of the chariot, for where the Helen leads there men must follow, through life to death, through war to peace. On the chariot rushed to the gates of the camp, and after it the host of Pharaoh followed. The holders .of the gate_ saw the beauty of her who rode in the chariot; they cried aloud in many tongues that the goddess of love had come to save the god of war. They fled this way and that, or stood drunken with the sight of beauty, and were dashed down by the horses and crushed of the chariot wheels. Now she bad pahsed the gates and after her poured the host of Pharaoh. Now Rei reined up the homes by the broken chariot of the Wanderer, and now the Wanderer with a shout of joy had sprang into the chariot of Helen. "And art thou come to be with me in my last battle?" be whispered in her ear. "Art thou indeed that Aigivo Helen whom I love, or am I drunk with the blood of men, and blind with the sheen of spears, and is this the vision of a man doomed to die?" " It is no vision, Odysseus, for I am Helen's self," she answered, gently. " I have learned all the truth, and knowing thy fault, count it but a little thing. Yet} because thou didst forget the words of the immortal goddess, who, being my foe now and forever, set this cunning snare for thee, the doom is on thee, that Helen shall not be thine in this space of life. Por thou lightest in thy last Dattle, Odysseus. : On, see thy hosts clamour to be led, and there the foe hangs black as storm, and shoots out the lightning of bis spears. On, Odysseus, on! That the doom may be accomplished, and the word of the ghost fulfilled." Then the Wanderer turned and called to the captains, and the captains called to the soldiers and set them in array, and following the blood-red star, they rolled down upon the gathering foe. They rolled down upon the foe aa the swift tide rolls upon the rocks when the breath of the gale is strong, and as the waters leap and gather till the rooks are lost in the surge, so the host of Pharaoh leapt upon the foe and swallowed them up. And ever in the forefront of the war blazed the red Btar on Helen's breast, and ever the sound of her Binging pierced the din of death. Now the host of the Nine-bow Barbarians was utterly destroyed, and the host of Pharaoh | came up against tne wail tnat was set about the camp of the Achieans to guard their shipB, and at its bead came the golden chariot wherein were the Wanderer and Helen. The captains of the Achmans looked wondering from their wall, watching the slaughter of their allies. "Now who is this," cried a captain, "who is clad in golden armour fashioned like our own, and wholeads the host of Pharaoh to victory."' Then a certain aged leader of men looked forth and answered, "Such armour I have known indeed and such a man once wore it. The armour is fashioned like the armour of Paris, Priam's son—Paris of ZUios, but Paris hath long been dead. "And who is she," cried the captain, "she on whose breast a red star burns, who rides m thechariot ofhimwiththegolden armour, whose shape is the shape of beauty, and who sings aloud while men go down to death ?" Then the aged leader of men looked forth again and answered, "Such a one I have known indeed, so she was wont to sing, and hers was such a shape of beauty, and such a star shone ever on her breast. Helen of llios—Argive Helen it was who wore it— Helen because of whose loveliness the world grew dark with death; but long is Helen dead." Now the Wanderer glanced from his chariot and saw the crests of the Achmans and the devices on the shields of men with whose fathers he had fought beneath the walls of Hios. He saw and his heart was stirred within him so that he wept there in the chariot. " Alas! for the fate that is on ine," hecried, "that I milst make my last battle in the service of a stranger against my own people and the children of my own dear friends.'' "Weep not, Odysseus," said Helen, "for fate drives thee on; fate that is cruel and changeless, and heals not the loves or hates of men. -Weep -not,« Odysseus, but go on up against the Achmans for from among them thy death comes.1 - — -■ ■ So the Wanderer went on sick at heart, shooting no shaft and 'striking no blow, and After bim came' the remnant of the host of Pharaoh. Then bo halted the host, and at his bidding Hei drove slowly down the wall seeking a place to storm it, and as he drove they Bhot at the chariot from the wall with spears and slingB and arrows. Bat not yet was the Wanderer doomed. He took no hurt, nor 'did any 'hurt come to Rei nor j to the horses that drew the chariot, and as for Helen the shafts of deatrr knew her and turned aside. Now while they drove thus Bei told the Wanderer of the death of Pharaoh, of the burning of the temple of Hathor, and of the flight of Helen. The Wanderer hearkened and said but one thing, for in all this he saw the hand of fatd. "It is time to make an end, Rei, for soon will Meriamun be seeking us, and methinks that I have left a trail that she can foliow." and he nodded at the piled up dead that stretched further than the eye could reach. Now they were come over against that spot in the wall where stood the aged captain of the Achssans who had likened the armour of the Wanderer to thearmourofPariB,andthebeauty of her at his side to the beauty of Argive Helen. The captain loosed his bow at the chariob and leaning forward watched the flight of the shaft. It rushed straight at Helen's broasb then of a sudden turned aside harming her not. And as he marvelled she lifted her face and looked towards him. . Then he saw apd knew her for that Helen whom he had seen while He served with Cretan Idomeneus and in tho Argive ships, when the leaguer was done and the smoke went up from burning Hios. Again he looked and lo! on the Wanderer's golden shield he saw the white bull, the device of Paris, son of Priam, as ofttimes ne had seen it glitter on the walls of Troy. Then great fear took him and he lifted up his hands and', cried aloud. "Ply, Achaeansi Ply1- Back to your curved sbipBi and away from this accursed land. Por yonder in the chariot stands Argive Helen, who is long dead, and with her Paris, son of Priam, came to wreak the woes of Ilioa on the sons of those who wasted her. Ply, ere the curse smite von." ' Then a great cry of fear - rose from the host of the Achseans, as company called to company that the ghost of Paris' of Hios, and Argive Helen led the armies of Pharaoh on to viotoiy. A moment they gazed as frightened sheep gaze upon the creeping wolves, then. turning from the wall they rushed headlong to the ships. ' Behind them came the soldiers of Pharaoh' storming the. wajl> tearing at their flanks as- ■ wolves tear the flying sheep. Then the AohceanB turned at bay, and a mighty fray raged ronnd the ships and the knees of many were loosened. And of the ships some were burned and eome were left upon the bank. But a remnant of them were pushed off into the deep water and hung there on their oara waiting tho end of the fray. Now the sun was gone down, so that melt could scarce see to slay each other. . The: Wanderer stood in his chariot on the bank,, watching the battle, for he was weary and bad1 little mind to swell the sluughter of the people of his own land. Now the last ship was pushed off and at length the great battle was done. But among those on the ehip was a man Btill young, and he goodliest and mightiest among all the host of the Ach leans. By his own strength and valour he had held the Egyptians back while his comrades ran the curved ehip down the beach.. and the Wanderer looking on him deemed him their hardiest warrior and most worthy of the Achsans. \- He stood upon the poop of the ship and saw the setting rays of sunlight gleam on the Wanderers golden helm. Then of a sudden he drew a' mighty bow and loosened an arrow charted with death. "This gift to the ghost of Paris from Teiegonus, son of Circe, and of Odysseus, who was Paris' foe(" he cried with a loud voice. And as he cried it, and as the fateful words struck on the ears of Odysseus and the ears of Helen, the shaft pointed by thegodB rushed on. It rushed on, it smote the Wanderer with a deadly wound where the golden body plate of' his harness joined the taslets and pierced him . through. Then he knew that his fate was . accomplished, and that death came upon him , from the water, as the ghost of Tiresias in. Hades had foretold. In nis pain for the last time of all he let fall his shield and the blade bow of EurytuB. With one hand heolaspedi the rail of the chariot and the other he threw shout the neck of the golden Helen who bent beneath his weight like a lily before the storm.. Then he also cried aloud in answer1 " Oh, Teiegonus, son of Ciroe, what wieked- - nesa hast thou wrought beforethe awfulgods thob i his curse should nave been laid upon thee to > lay him who begat thee? Hearken thou son if Circe, I am not Paris. I am Odysseus of thaoa, who begat thee, and thou hast brought my death upon me from the water, as the ghost oretold. When Teiegonus heard these words and knew that henad slain his father, the famed' Odysseus, whom he had sought the whole world through, he would have cast himself into the river, and there drown, bnt thoee with him held him by strength, and the stream took the curved ship and floated it away. And thus for - the first and last time did the gods give it to Teiegonus to look upon the face and hear the voioe of his father. Odvaseus. But when the Achseans knew that it was the lost Odysseus who hod led the host of Fharoah against the armieB of the Nine Nations they wondered no more at the skill of the ambush and the greatness of the victory of Fharoah. Now the chariots of Meriamun were pursuing, and they splashed through the blood of men in the pass, and rolled over the bodies of men < in the plain beyond the pass. They came to the camps and found them peopled with dead,. and lit with the lamps of the blazing ships of the Aquainusha. Then Meriamun cried aloud, "Surely Pharoah grew wise before he died, for there is but one man on the earth who with so small a force could have won so great a fray. He hath saved the crown of Khem, and by Osiris he shall wear it." • Now the chariots of Meriamun had passed the camp of the barbarians and were come to the inner camp of the Aoheeans,. and the soldiers shouted as she came driving furiously. The Wanderer lay dying on the ground, there by the river-bank, and the light of the burning ships flamed on the golden armour, and on the star at Helen's breast. " Why do the soldiers shout ?" he asked, lifting his head from Helen's breast." " They shout because Meriamun the Queen iB come," Rei.answered.. • "Let her come*' said the Wanderer. Now Meriamun sprang from her chariot, and walked through the soldiers, who made way, bowing before her royalty to where the Wanderer .lay, and stood speechless looking, on him. But the Wanderer, lifting^his head, spake faintly, "Hail, oh, Queen!" he said. "I have accomplished the charge that Pharoah laid upon me. The host of the Nine-bow: barba rians is utterly destroyed, the fleet of the Aquinushais burned or flea, the land of Khem is free from foes. Where'is Fharoah that I may make report to him-ere Pdie?" Pharoah is dead, Odysseus," she answered. "Oh, live on! live on! and thyself thou shalb be Fharoah." "Ay, Meiiamun," answered the Wanderer, "I know'all. Pharoah is dead! Thou'didsb slay Fbaroah, thinking thus to win for thy ■ lord. me, who; am won of death. Heavily shall the blood of Fharoah lie upon thee in; that land whither I go, Meriamun, and whither thou .must follow swiftly. Thou didst slay l'haroah, and Helen, who through thy guile iB lost to me, thou wouldat have slain also, but thou couldst not harm her immortality. And now I die, and this is the end of all these loves and wars, and wanderings, ily death has come upon me from the water." Meriamun stood speechless, for her heart was torn in two, so that in her grief she forgot \- even her rage against Helen and Kei the priest. Then Helen spoke. "Tbon diest indeed, Odysseus, yet it is but for a little time, for thoushalt come again and find mo waiting." "Ay, Odysseus, "said the Queen, "and I also will come again, and thou snalt love me then. Ob, now the future opens, and I know the things that are to l>e. Beneath the wingr of truth shall we meet again, Odysseus." "There shall we meet again, Odysseus, and there thou shalt draw the veil of truth," said the Helen. "Yea," quoth the dying Wanderer, "there or otherwhere shall we meet again, and there or otherwhere Bhall love and hate, shall lose and win and die, to rearise again. But not yet is the struggle ended that began in other worlds than this, and shall endure till evil is lost in good, and darkness swallowed up in light. Bethink thee, Meriamun, of that vision of thy bridal night and read its riddle. Lo! I will answer it with my last breath as the gods have given me wisdom. When we three are once more twain then shall our sins he purged and iieaoe be won, and the veil be drawn from the face of truth. Oh, Helen, fare thee well 1 I have sinned against thee ; I have sworn by the snake who should have sworn by the star; therefore I have lost thee." "Thou hast but lost to find again beyond the gateways of the west," she answered low. Then she bent down, and taking him in her arms kissed him, whispering in his ear, and the blood of men that fell over from the star upon her breast dropped like dew upon bis brow, and vanished as it dropped. And aa she whispered of joy to be and things too holy to be written, thefaoeof the Wanderer grow bright like the face of a^ god. Then suddenly his head fell back, and he was dead upon the heart of the World's Desire. Tot thus was fulfilled the oath of Idallian Aphrodite, and thus at the last did Odysseus lie in the arms of the golden Helen. How Meriamun clasped her breast and her lips turned white with pain. But Helen roso, and standing at the Wanderer's head looked on Meriamun, who stood at his feet. "Thou foolish sister," said Helen to the Queen, "see now the end of alh He whom we loved is lost to us, and what has thou gained t Nay, look not so fiercely on me. I may not be harmed by thou, as thou hast seen; and thou mayst not ho harmed of me, who would harm none, though ever thou wilt bate me who hate thee not, and till thou lcarnest to love me sin shall be thy;portion and bitterness thy com fort" Hut Menamun made no answer. Then Helen beckoned to Rei and spoke to liim, and Rei went weeping to do her bidding. Presently he returned again, and with him | were soldiers bearing torches. The soldiers lifted up the body of the Wanderer, and bore it to a mighty pyre that was built up of the wealth of the barbarians, of chariots, spears, and the oars of ships, of wondrous fabrics, and costly furniture. And they laid the Wan derer on the pyre, and on his breast they laid the black bow of Eurytus. Then Helen spoke to Rei once more, and Rei took a torch and fired the pyre so that smoke and flame burst from it. And all the while Meriamun stood by as one who dreams. Now the great pyre was a mass of flame, and the golden armour of the Wanderer shone through the flame, and the black bow twisted and crumbled on the heap. Then of a sudden Meriamun gave a great* cry, and tearing the snake girdle from her middle hurled it on the flames. "Prom Are thou earnest, thou ancient evil," she said in a dead tongue; " to Are get thee back again, false counsellor." But Rei the priest called aloud in the same tongue, " An ill deed thou hast done, O Queen, for thou host taken the snake to thy bosom, and where the snake passes there thou must follow." Even as lie spoke the face of Meriamun grew fixed, and she was slowly drawn towards the fire, as though by invisible bands. Now she was on its very brink, and now with one loud wail she plunged into it and cast herself at length on the body of the Wanderer. And |as she lay there on the body, behold ! the snake awoke in the fire. It awoke, it grew, it twined itself about the body of Meria mun and the body of the Wanderer, and lifting its head and it laughed. Then the fire fell in, and the Wanderer and Meriamun the Queen and the snake that wrapped them round vanished in the heart of the flames. Eor awhile the golden Helen stood still look ing on the dying flames. Then she let her veil fall, and turning wandered forth into the desert and the night, Bulging as she passed. And so she goes, wandering, wandering, till Odysseus come again. Now this is the tale that I, Rei the priest, have been bidden to set forth before I lay me down to sleep in my splendid tomb that I have made ready by Thebes. Let every man read it as he will, and every woman as the gods have given her wit. Palinodt:. TIiou tliatof old didst blind A'esidiorus, If e'er, sweet Helen, such a tiling befell. We pray thee of thy grace bB good to us, Though little in our tale accordetli well With that time ancient minstrel had to tell, Who saw with sightless eyes grown luminous, These Ilian sorrows, and who heard the swell Of ocean round the world ring thunderous, tnd thy voice break when knightly Hector fell '■ ut thou who all those many years hast borne To see the great webs of thy weaving torn By puny hands of dull, o'er-learned men. Homer, forgive us that thy hero's star Once more above sea waves and waves of war Must rise, must triumph, and must set again! The End. . 