AfteNG The Boxers. JOHN L. AT WORK. ''Surge and M'Kenzie ' '..? Measured Up. NEWSLETS FKO3I ALL ROUND. Sullivan and Paddy Slario. THE CRAXK ON FIGHTERS. ?? ' Melbourne King Notes. , .American Items of Interest— The Olympic Clnb Boom— Ashton Challenges Joe Goildard— The Barrier Cham ,' ' plon Quits Cs. ' ' ',' (Bt 'Sjni.Eit.') ? Mr. L. Foley will bo greatly obliged to tlie ? .persons who picked up a Telvot cloak bolong ? ing to 'Mrs;1 Foloy, whinh was lost between ?Her: Majesty's Theatre and Wnverley-road if they return tlie same. A liberal reward ?will bo . paid ..to any one leaving same at the * Olympic Club. '' Bill Jennings, who is now at Mount Zeclian, ?will .shortly know which eud of that .£100 T-urso he is going to handle. Friends from up that end seem to think n lot of young Bill. A fight between Sandy Ross andtbo new ?lid Barnes ought to bo a. good draw for the Olympic next Saturday night or tho week after. Sandy^wbuld trj the newsman out. i The pound and ten-shilling tiokets for the ?Burge-M'Kenzie battle are all marked, and ?each tiokot guarantees a comfortable reserved, se'at for the holder. The other ticket-holders will-have to take their chance of having to stand to see the contest. ? * ? ? Tom Duggan,' the smart young Victorian boxer, wants to have a cut at old Jim Burge 'for a purse..' 'Well, ho cau get it at the Olympic' Club' if Jim gets away with 'M'Kenzie and Griffo, until then Jim is hard tied. ,- -:?:.?' # # ? ? Tommy Williams, the well-known Viotorian light-weight pup;, who recently defeated Jim Barron very easily, is to tight Ben Setb, the English light- weight, in the Melbourne Athletic Club on the 27th inst. This ought .to be a pick-up for 'Williams. J. Brassey called to stato that he will .fight -ny 8st lad for a small stake. The lad is a stranger to me, ami I don't know whether nature cut. him out for a fighter or a wood chopper, but he says emphatically that he'd like a battle for a small side wager. Out at M'Keniie's training quarters, there is a dark-eyed little lady who takes an im ' 'ihen'se amount of interest in all the athletes' .who train out there. She's a kind-hearted little soul and as pretty as she is amiable. None of the boys who go there to stay will hare cause to regret the trip, whilst to visitors '?he is more than passing kind. ... ? ' » ? Mr. George Hill, the well-known patron of 'sporting matters, has presented a most hand some and elegant silver cup to the committee of the Olympic Club to be competed for by all amateurs between 10st and list weight. Entries for the trophy can be sent in at once ,io the, club's secretary, Mr. H. M. Evans. Some' good sport ought to eventuate from this movement...... Says nn exchange: — 'John L. Sullivan made a lasting impression on the colored population of San 'Francisco by his protesta tions of ability and desire to knock anything of n sable hue but a black bottle out in half a ro.nnd.~')His~; memory will long remain as green as liis favorite lighting, stockings in the Imemoryof the Ethiopian citizens who wor ship Peter Jackson. In the Acme (colored) .Club one of the. recent additions to gymnastic .paraphernalia' is a- stout rope with a baiig 'man's nooze,danglius_from the rafters! The ' significant ' tag 'For John L. Sullivan' bo 'speaks' the. warm. interest which the organisa tion takes in the welfare of' the pugnacious Celt.-' ' . ??-.'?'?: ? ' ? ?' ' ? '? '.' '? ?' . ' TheGfiarters Towers Daily Herald says : '— ' The; :Syduey; Amateur Gymnastic Club .eyidently.beliove'in fouls, as nearly all their .so-called fights to. a finish have lately ended very unsatisfactorily. It was in' these rooms Georgie Powell:.lost two fights on what the tefereo styled fouls, but tue^best judges of Tioxihg in the colonies were of opinion Georgie had been handled rather harshly. Tho fight with Mace and Dawson did not give general satisfaction ; even Larry Fpley condemned the actions of the referee. .Murphy might have fouled, but it is peculiar that an old general like Billy should commit himself. I bhould like to see the pair meet again in a fight to a finish,, which would settle a vexed question.' ?..-?' 'Without a, single ghost of a doubt ' Smiler,' vrbo writes the, boxing news for the Sydney Referee, iB. about the smartest pen-pusher in the world; and that is saying aheap. His interview with John L. Sullivan in this week's Referee is very amusine, being full of wit, humor and originality. We are not surprised at such a writer being able to command a big salary on metropolitan sporting papers. We ?wish we could afford to keep him on tlie Sentinel staff. Something tells as that ?*. Smiler ' will be one of the members for East Macquarie before' long.' I clip the above highly complimentary, par from tho columns of the Bathufst Sentinel, of August 1. It's pleasant in these days of carping critics to get a good word from a .man of Dan Mayne's acknow ledged abilities. ? . *. ' ? joe Gbdddrd, the man who has been carving bis way/upwards, in tho pugilistic firmament during the last -two years,- is about to quit Australian shores very shortly to seek renown and good gold upon British soil. It is quite probable that ho may leave here nest month, and.' go direct to London. I don't ? think it is- his intention to tackle Paddy Slavin at the first pop. . Slavin has had a considerable deal. , more experience at the _ gam'o than Qoddard, and if Joe is as wise as ho is gritty and game, ho will tako on all tho lesser lights first,' and leave the redoubtable Paddy for* a' finishing stroke. When the Cockneys see our Job perform in the whirl wind act they'll begin to wonder what manner of country Australia is that can produce such terrible fighters..' '? I.K.L., ' writing *to the Police News from'North Platte, Neb., says': 'I was struck with the Police News answer to a corres pondeiit concerning the comparativo^RfTects of a blow with the bare fist and one with a glove: I question, though, whether an oxtra large rband is an advantage to a pugilist. ' The ? American Giant,' whose name was Charles Freeman, had a tremendous large, h/myband, even for a giant; yet after his defeat of tho Tipton Slasher in 1842 the latter showed very few marks of punishment, although tho men contended in both rings for over two hours. Freeman, who was born at Port Stanley, in Canada, stood Uft lOJIn, nnd iiis fighting weight was over 2.r-0lb. Although a man of vast strength, he waR moro of a pusher thnn a punishing hitter. Tipton tried tho 'get down' system in that fight, but was decidedly clumsy at it. Now, Tom Sayers, although Uin shorter and 1001b lighter than the Giant, had rather a small, well formed hand, and he beat the Tipton in 1 hour 42inin, und battured uud bruised bin mug out of nil shape. Sayers' big auta?oiii»ti were ai badly marked at the finish a-! if they hud boon oporated on with bras* knuckles, wliloh would tmid to show that more depended on tho con struction and quality of tho handx than tho actual size. When the Tipton beat Ben SpilUburg, a 12st mnn (1091b), ho won only a loose-jointed lad of 17 years. He had uttaincd hi» full height, and tho accounts nay ' that his blows were as straight and as swift us an orrow.' He was then probably just Hnoh iriotber as I)ol- fc'itzsiiniiiona h now, and was probably a great deal more effective as a rapid and punishing hittar than when he was beaten by Sayors 21 yoaro afterward, in 1857, notwithstanding his hugo muscles aud her ouleab frame.' Billy Murphy wants to go to America to .fight' Goorgo Dixon, tho man who lowered ?Australia's colors recently by defeating Abo Willis in tho California Athletic Club. Billy can fight strong at the bant'im limit, and may lower this saucv coon, but it's-by no means a cortainty, for the l«d who can do up Willis in five rounds will be no soft snap for ivuy of onr little follows. Dixon is tho .undisputed champion of tho world iu his class, and onronly hopo is in William Murphy. If ho can't lowor tho stars and stripon held so proudly upwards in tho hands of this gallunt coon, than must wo mourn in Haokcloth nnd ashes for tho glory that has dopartod from ns.v Go anH smite him, William, and as you wish to rcdeom your past, and once moro rank highly in tuo minds of Australians— smito him hard. . ? :: - ;; ?? Tho Croat fight to a finish, which takes plnce between Jim Burgo and *' George M'Konzio, at tho Olympic Club, for a pitrsoof .£100, put up by the olub, and the Eefeiike belt (prosonted by Mr. M. 11. Evans, ), which oarrios with it the Fcathor-woight Champion ship of Australia, is attracting a 'groat deal of attention, and naturally so, as this confost will be tho first ever contosto'd' for the Aus tralian Feathorwoight Championship;. GrifTo, tho World's Champion Feathcr-woiftht, is to ohallongo the winner, and this fact alono should make this contest moro than' ordinarily interesting. Goorgo - M'Konzio is -in great form, and will be well under .the. weight- on tho night the contest takes place, whilst Jim Burge is oertaiu to fight well and strong nt the limit (9st), and a great fight should even tuate. Both, mon are very confident of winning, and a splendid contest will.be tho result. Tiokets; which will be all-numbered and reserved, can bo obtained from the secre tnrv. nf. t.lifl Olvmnin fllnh: - CiLMt.lnvniLDli street, or from the Referee office,.. 107 York street (comer of York and Mnrkot streets), and as there is suro to be a rush ' on tho tickets, I should advise those who intend wit nessing this fight to securn their, tickets early. Tho prices will be— Stajro seats (num bered and reserved), ..£1 j stalls. (numbered and reserved), 10a; balcony seats (unre served), 59| ?' : I notice that the Australian Star has a paragraph in the late edition- of'yestor'day' to the effect that Griffo has written a letter, saying that ' in the interests of justice,' &c;, ic, Tie protests against the. way. in which tho Featherweight , Championship of the World is being ' paddled about ' iu certain quarters. Well, for my own part, I was not awareof it. The Australian. Star has evidently made a mistake, and means that the forthcoming fiirht for the . Featherweight Championship of Australia and tho Referee Belt, which is to bo fought for this mouth between Jim Burge and George M'Kenzio. at the Olympic Club, is a cadge in tho world's championship honors. However, let me re assure them by stating that these men will fight for the ? ' FEATHERWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP OP AUSTRALIA, . ?? ' which carries with it the Referee Belt, and not for tho World's Championship, as tho writer supposes. Furthermore, I may state that both Burgo and M'Kenzio will bo ready and willing,- to ? con tost tho championship at the proper woight, 9st or under, . and that tho writer of the paragraph reforred to has shown oxeorablo taste in trying to dospoil, for tho sake of the club in which he appears to be interested, a fight which will probably o.entuato iu ' beinjc ouo of the best' contested fights that bavo ovor taken place in this city. In conclusion, I may state that (he belt presented by the proprietor of .these journals is emblematic of the 'Feather- weight Championship of Australia,' and will be fought for subject to the conditions which govern the same. .- ..... . ? A fight to a finish will take place at Yankee Sam's Hall on Saturday night, which is creating considerable interest in sporting circles. Tho contestants are Jbo Riddle, of Sydney, and Tom Osborne, tho champion of Enmore, for a .£10 side wager and . a purse. Both men are middle ' weights, clever boxera, and dead game ' fighters. On the same night two light-weights, also fight to a finish, by the name of Ta53y, of Tasmania, and Toby, of Sydney. 