FLIGHTS AND DAKTS. HBt Arrow-1 The prinoipal topics of the week m Gawler have been, the " Cousin Jack and tea fight" and the lecture by the Eev. Mark Guy Pearse. The former was a \ thorough success, principally owing to the kindness of the Cousin Johnny ladies, and j partly owing to the presence of the Eev. j Mark. His presence certainly threw ! a sociability over the spread, not only j among Cornishinen, but over all who par took of the ample and rich viands manu factured and spread with such delicacy and choice. " Arrowhad been warned not to parlakc too freely and to beware of the Cornish " mixtures," but that advice was not needed, as the dishes were both numerous and versatile. Sniggers says if that's the way they live La Cornwall, and if their appe tites are all on the same equality, he don't wonder at the many fine specimens of humanity them pasties are guilty of pro- j ducing. I heard of one individual, how e^or, net a Cornishmau—he must have been a foreigner—who actually had fasted all day in favor of the eighteen-penny tuck out. There are many who quietly protest against these party associations as they term them, and submit that in Australia we should simply be Australians. They surely would not denounce a man for love of country and a wish to suocour and help a countryman in distress. These motives are good ones, unless there should be underneath them little, petty selfish ideas. Cornishinen, as a rule, are too open and straight for that sort of thing, and no suspicion should be cast upon them. As Sniggers says—A Cornishinan's an English man, and he wouldn't think of such a thing. Before leaving my Cornish friends, the following truthful anecdote may not be out of place in proving a genuine Cornishman's dislike to humbug and flattery. It happened in a small town up Burra way. A local committee was deputed to wait upon a certain local Cousin Jack, who, by dint of sheer hard work, pluck, and enterprise had acquired a good position. The leader of this deputation, instead of leading straight to the question, imagined that he could better accomplish his mission, by a little flattery and "soft sawder." As apreliminary, therefore, he began to enumerate the many good things that the town's Cornish patron had already accomplished. The interviewed listened very patiently for a few minutes, until he could stand it no longer. The would-be- flatterer and deputy was at last interrupted by the Cornish blood rising in the breast of his patron, and the two simple expressive words '* Shut up " were shouted out in true Cousin-Jack style. That sort of thing wouldn't wash, notwithstanding the soap was " soft." The Rev. Mark's lecture was a treat. While listening to it, I felt sorry for Kapunda people for being deprived of it. So much has already been said of it that I will simply testify my pleasure at having heard it. Laughter, joy, sympathy, sorrow, —yes, and tears—are evoked from his audience quick succession. His simple, truthful sketches of living Christianity should have more effect among "the people" than all the highflown sermons inter mixed with melancholy hrcodings and croakings put together. Of course, there are a few among every audience whom, to tickle the feet with a feather, would not even cause the ghost of a smile, and as for sympathy, as Mr. Sniggers says, " Why they've got no feelin's at all! Except it is for or connected with themselves." This anecdotal dramatic lecture, *' Some old folks at home," is, of course, more interesting to Cousin Jack than to a Scotchman, Irishman, or a Londoner, but the truly dramatic rendering and the genuine earnestness of the lecturer is apparent to alL And then the straight out from the shoulder style, and above all the motive of the lecturer must commend itself to all modern thinkers. Just let me give you one simple little example of the lecturer's manner of hitting out straight. Towards the close some enthusiastic Cornislunan in the audience . shouted out " Go on ! Give us some more." Said the lecturer, " I have had a very hard day?s work, and I shall require rest to-night." " Best to-moorer I" again shouted out Cousin Johnny. "Ah!" said the leoturer "that's it! Give you as much as possible to-night and rest to-;:iorrow! No thought for those who wish to hear me at Kooriaga to morrow night! All self1. There's Christian «: h;irity again." •* Arrow" would give something to be able to see the effect of that lecture at Moonta next week. If you would like to see Cornish enthusiasm just take a trip to that town. One more item, and one worth noting. The Eev. Pearse's lecturer was held in the Wesleyan Church, .as the most con venient place. Among the audience were many who had never previously seen the inside of that building. It was a thorough representative gathering—church goers of every denomination, free-thinkers, and non-thinkers. " It was a kind of co-opera tive audience," says, sniggers, " and if that ; Corni h parson lecturer can do that sort of thing-, well, more power to him THE EARLIEST standing ARMY. The earliest standing army in Europe was that of Macedonia, established about 358 b.c. by Philip, father of Alexander the Great. It was the second in the world's history, having been preceded only by that of Sesotris Pharaoh, of Egypt, who organised a military caste about 1,600 b.c. Of modern standing armies that formed hy the Turkish Janissaries was first, being fully organised in 1362. It was a century later when the standing army of France the fearliest in Western Europe, was established by Charles VII., in the shape of compagnies d'ordonnance, numbering 9,000 men. Rivalry thereupon compelled the nations to adopt similar means of defence. In England a standing army proper was first established by Cromwell, but was dis banded under Charles II., with the exception of a few regiments called the Life Guards, or Household Brigade. This was the nucleus of the present army. In the smaller towns of Germany only the sweeps wear the chimney-pot hat. i 