Sunskay at MQme ? r Musings by the-Way; - :; ;..,. 1 By. 'f PHiiANTHBOpqs.'.' .;,. , ;.! ..-,! v .' ? ' '' '-.'I' $?'*$-?? '' .:-:'^ ?':?-? ?-?'???? .-? ': v ' ' 'I CAN'T.!' ''!? ,'?'„?{ -'J--,7. ; ';Whilo sitting'.in the, study of a friend the other day, I. had before me a. large card fastened on the wall, with these words , of Bishop Selwyn'a printed; 6n.it:—'; '!? can't1 is a lie on tholip3 that repeats? I believe in the Holy Ghost.'' ,.,;, -:-;;; .These words set mo , thinking , with. the. result that I determined tp: make them form the subject of to-day's address— the more so, because I had already, desired , to deal with the re3utrjotionJ the spiritual part of man, that is, the soul., ? /When iwe use the word ' resurrection,' of course we refer in general either, to the facts . of our Lord's Ee3urrection or,,to our, own. belief in the future reaurreotiqn ; of mankind at the last; day, in other words, the resurrec-; ?tion of our bodies.. But surely there is a present sense in which we should under stand and apply this word. /We speak of ?'dying unto sin, and rising again unto rightousnes.i.' Is, this not a true njsuirec tion ? But what does it mean, what does it imply, and what; does it involve? We all know what it means — we all can under stand what is implied by the expression, 'dying unto sin,' but do we sufficiently realise ' the worda following, 'rising again unto rightiousness ?' , ;Do we sufficiently keep before our minds the absolute need of the second act— that the one without the other is altogether inade quate and insufficient ? Is it not a fact that a very large per centage of l/hristians are ?satisfied with having made the first and, as they suppose, made the first and . most important step, aud who are quite uncon scious of the absolute necessity of further action without which they are practically no. better off than a heathen would; be, who, impelled by some strong ; moral instinct within him, led a pure and moral Jife.i',.It seems to me that it is .this fact which forms the very foundation of. Christian life., .We do not merely renounce the evil— that,- as I have said, any heathen might do— but ,we;are; invited to acquire, put on and clothe ourselves with certain graces and to advance in spirituality. - In the. first case there is no absolute need for further progress : having given up certain vibes; or evil habits it would seem as if we. had 'done all that was . necessary ; further progress would be meaningless, if not im? ? itnp38«ble. ToJ.the Christian, howover, such a Dosition is directly opposed to the., ?very nature of his profession, which is dis-.. tinctly one of constant effort, and. which ; therefore, implies progress. Where^there is'i: effort, whether , it is continuous or ?even. ; only spasmodic, ; there ; muet , . be ?aome advance. As. all energy, power, and force in this world is the result of ? move ment of some. kind or another,; so ifc stands toVreason that where. thereis .no progress, itis froinlack of. effort, which, cornea from movement or.extfrfcion.o'Eyidently, there-; fore, 'dying unto sin,' which ;in pother words means the renouncing and giving;up . of,, all evil habit3,andripos is altogether insufficient; it ?implies motion and exer tion, I ? admit, ;ibut only up to :a certain point, and having reached r that,;, there gisj nothing further to be. aimed at.. Ofcourse even this step requires no small avnbunt,.of: effort and aeif. discipline;.' andin.order, to,, retain it we require-to use a certain amount of- watchfulness- and care ; but you-muBt see that such apposition is -very far short of; what is -demanded of us. ; ; -We! arb in ev'ery way and'at every p^rt of ^our'career incited to do .; rot mereJy to..enaure,.puE distinctly to dip??-What it ia;we-,.aro-to ido isfebntained in the' teachings of the Church of'Christ, derived from the writings of the New Testament, but ewe., have to do'somer thing. It follow?, therefore, that.if we are nofc doing this s6mBthing-:iwhatever it may be? 'we ''are eitKer'admHt'ihg that we are neglecting the very plainest instructions of our Blessed Lordand His Apostles, /or else we1 must exeusej ourselves. s under) a plea', of inability; to perform' ?,the', task; 'whichi;; is imposed upon; us.1? :;i I aak-you in whichlof; these ' two ; aiteraatives are we seeking refu^i!,- c ., f-:t:iii; in'i-j .::, ':-?.! ? -.?.; ??'?.?// o:\'-i If the first, then our position is one alto gethor unworthy; of the name) which we profess to bear— ifthe latter then we are tacitly saying1 'I can't' in the face of all.the promises of help, guidance, and protection^ which have -been made to us. . '-. . ' S ' \ '; -~- . ~ The question is — have we ever tried, that is, trie'd in ah honest, persevering way to make' some progress, however small, in spirituality ? 'Of course this a question which uiust; be left to our consciences to, answer, but ;asi we are?, taught that tr6es are known by their fruitsi we cannot but conclude thatj'tpbof ten,' no effort is made, orff-'ina'de at^all^in a'o 'half-hearted . and feeblest1 manner as: to produce little or no effect on the soul. Was not the cursing ofifctie barren' fig- tree : a protest against; unfruitfulriess ; — against the practice of a merely existing and nothing more. ItF' is ;. indeed a lie to say we ' can't,'.'- ' when ? perhaps the truth is we have never tried, that iB, never tried in the proper way and- :by adoptin g the means provided for our help. la it reasonable to expect succeES, for instance, when people habitually neglect the means of grace, or when they think that they will receive them in any other way than those insti tuted and commanded by God? Take prayers as an instance. 'We may : pray, or go 'through the form of ? prayer- with out ever realising the ; true ? spirit of , prayer. . .1 believe ???; that ' :; .?th'ere- are' few ,. Christians indeed who make a 'full, and , ^ sufficient;' 'Use.' of : this, means of grace1. It doea not follow,' by any means that the ralueof ourprayera, is to' be estimated by their length or fluency. We know- better than that ; and yet how frequently are we satisfied with jhemereiperformanco of the act and forget all ab'qut the intention of prayer. Surely it.doas uot need to be said that '.as' far as our God, is concerned, prayer is 'absolutely, unnecessary. ' What I mean is that as Gud knows alignings, even the very BeJrrt3 of our hearts, He does not in quire to by told our.needsiand longing?, and we must also feel that as,, even -tho. intention -of- our mind ? is known ti- Him, : we niustwfee.tk some : other j explanation for ' 'the ?' use i of ;prayerithan-,the. nec^ siity of telling God/ God knows long/ before wo pray j if, theto ifore, there is ?no:real nect'Sjity i'or telli'Dgj God,:itis evidenVthat itia on ouraccount | that prayer is ..'necessary. Like' confession' |of(bur(8ins— sins: already, known by: God, |we'are:tau^ht'toprayj infbrd«r, first, that' i we '.may: fel-1; ho,w fentirely -dependent we' are! on Him,1 and then .feeliogi' that 'dependanoe and our need, we may make'1 'some effort oursolvis. If we really desire a certain thing, say,- to overcome some evil lhabit, we shall, if in earnest, not be merely1 content with asking for help, but we shall also make some - real effort 'to '? t6 help ourselves. By praying, therefore, aright, we are more likely :to realise Our need and to make a proper attempt to aid ourselvos. Of course' there are many' things about which we can do nothing for ourselves ; we can only ask of God and' await His pleasure, but even in such cases the act of prayer will naturally dispose us to receive in a fitting way God's dealings with via. We pray for those whom w o love, especially when they are sick — we may be able to do no more for them— all earthly aid may be useless, '' surely prayer in such cases will holp us to bear with calmness and resignation the will of God; The spirit of prayer may then be said to be a very real thing. Have we 'ever sufficiently endeavoured to acquire it P ? ? Or, look at the -Holy Sacrament of Christ's body and blood— by 'no possible' means can Christians avoid the obligation; which is imposed upon them of observing' it,'- No excuse -will hold good, as our own conscience ? very well tells' us, for not obeying the i plain command. of our ;L6r'd. We- may satisfy omrselves for 'the moment; by saying tha1; we:arynotfib— then the'-iiiore ' shame for/us — that is in so many words re peatingithe words 'I can't,' and rejecting' the; very; means' by which *we ?' might' be ? made more and more fit: ? 'I won't'1 would, be true in far more cises than' I can't.' I won't give upmy pet sin;1 my ' indulgence in my own habits ''? and fancies. Is noD this too of 1 en the real tiuth,? -:Do' not we feel ! an utter disinclination 'to eay ?' I lean/' and -therefore ',' I '.will?''! How-' can we'expeot to 'rise again unto' /right-' eousnese/' unless : we do make. some -Buch ? resolve as this ? I know.that it Will require aft our strength:; -that wa shall fi-id' that a' determined loffoit at -. first, ; followed i by; steady l,pdraaverahci: afterwards; wili''be: necessary; 'but is it ? not \ ;worthi aU it will; cost us? ; And after all;. ,what iB that -we are called upon.to.give.?,v-Mi t 'our love for our/dear ones'hero-r-rhat ii given to us not merely as'a^blii'ssedoouifort,' but also asia means of; learning; how tb'.loveia a1 still' higher degree— to love G''dJ; nor. acevwe asked to surrender anything els* but'those things which: in our owhi inner conscious ness we know to be wroDg, and! which we also , feel we: should.jbe' much: happier if .'without, 'hem: .????'h - entreat o .you to ; consider : the, ???' in-it'ter? 'fairWrjand fully.; Arouse^ yourselves !' -iiEemi-niberi that,1 as;- has.: often '.'been.' -? told ::usj there is no more. deadly i peril: in iouTjp'atn': than that state ? of :-,pl«ioed?. ' contentment': and indifference intoi which*, we so -often' fall. Do not wait ??., tor some striking1 message from God, that 'may. never, come' to you, or it may be, suchi has already been' vouchsafed to you, and yon have -taken ''no^ heed of it. Let these poor words ofmiFe' be the instrument injiGod's Hands : of; arousing you to some thought forlydur souls. \ Look the matter fuirly'in the' face, and then act as your -conscience prompts ' yoiii. but/ for. God's sake.do not letthat lie,1; that; worst'.ofiilie's, thesvery principail 'of ? th e ]de vil's tool's, who - is ? the '? father ; * of ! : Iie3, the excuse ' I can't' be on your :lips or in your heart. You, caw, and I cin.'-In God's name I. bid you then do~ that which He places before you as;iyo'ur plaini duty and service to Him. ^y ? 