THE STORYTELLER A Five Hundred Dollar Ghost Btfore tbe construction of Cuban nil 'SDaftSftfce joomeytrom Santiago to'Man over the -pases of the Sierra w&a; made in diligences— first cousins to the lumbering vehicles that Kfrll cany summer kutda of tourists from y into grara Granada. Like their Spanish cotmterparte, the sprint of the Cnban diligences wore not tempered in Ubledc^&nd; the bones of the unoccxxstomed idied for a week after rattling in one for mghthonra. On the afternoon of a stormy Aotemo day, somewhere back in the ? sngHftHj the American mail had landed its contingent of letters and traders at Santiago de Cnba» and toward evening one the bulgy and dusty conveyances mentioned above rumbled oat of the ixttirfy&rd; of the Hotel de Corfcez, loaded im witii passengers and post packets for .the interior. It was a stormy sundown. On the face of tbe round globe there is not ¥« more over-estimated stretch of water than the Carribean Sea» nor a grater delusion than that universally entertained by persons who . have had no dealings with it as it is always smooth Bailing there. Xtis Bay of Biscay and British Channel combined, .and the wildest gale -in their waters 'is a Sonuser breeze compared with Carribean tornado. Such an elemental pastime was rising outside Santiago har bour on this evening, and our diligence, with its peaked and tassel-hatted driver screaming to bis team of moles, its dozen inside passengers packed like jardisea in a ti%«nd its majonl (conductor) swinging precariously, with dangled legs, in the leathern luggage cover, was followed up the steep ami pebbly streets of Santiago ?-md far along the defiles of the Sierra .' Maestro by the thu&deri;&g; swell of the C&rribean; Sea. It overpowered the cease less crack of the driver's whip and the music of multifarious mole bells ; it drowned the conversational attempts, and deluged with white dust the twelve wretched 'insides' ; and it even closed the loquacious month of tbe snaioral bim sel^ a personage who, like our old post con ductors, was always stuck full of anecdotes and ready to empty a pleasant glass with anyone. ' little by little, as the diligence wound op and ™, and deeper and deeper into the beast of tne mountain, the hurricane bowls grew feebler, deadened by beating against ? wall after wall of limestone ; the roar sub sided slowly into fitful wails, and at last even these expired. The storm, succeeded calm-7-calm so profound as to be uncanny. The highest point of the pass was nearly ^attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip, for tbe way wound along the edge of chasms where there was scarcely foothold for the mules. „ Out of ? these deeps issued from time to time the weirdest and most unearthly of sounds. A. rude cross caught tbe light on its naked arms as the coach lumbered by, and the majoral, who was following on foot, as was bis custom in steep and stony places, crossed himself piously. 'An Americano fell down the chasm fa&re;,' he explained to a passenger whose curiosity was excited. ' And his .ghost haunts the spot, of course,' subjoined a flippant fellow countryman -cf the deceased. ' Every hair casts a shadow, senor,' was the reply, unusually laconic for a majoral. Out of this- episodic fragment of talk grew an animated conversation, with a sensational end to it. Now that the wind had ceased to bowl, and dust to fir down open throats, the tongues of the twelve passengers began to wag, and by the* time the dangerous point in the pass — also the highest point —was safely traversed, and the driver had whipped up his six mules, the insides, with their conductor precariously poised on ihefootboard, were deep in a discussion concerning omens and ghostly tokens and afritee of the mountains. The inky hue of the clouds overhead, and the Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadful celerity, predisposed the mind to dwell on images of mystery and terror. Martias, the majoral, Aswarthy, ^dark-eved Cuban, wittily superstitious and solemnly con ceited, had a well -padded story of rue or wonder for every torn of the road. ' At that angle we have just rounded,' said he, u was found seven years ago at the season of the Annunciala an abandoned calcsa (postchaise), empty and blood-stained. ATone of the Veritas (inns) of Santiago owned it ; ia one knew how it came there. But the diligence making its next bi weekly of the Santa f elisa Pass journey, wassuet by two spectres— a man and a woman— each with a bleeding wound slit on the left breast. They rose out of the gorge — there where the mules plunged —the brutes remember it to this day, my senora— and the male afrits thrust a knife into the breast of the female, then into his ^-wn breast, after which both vanished down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Then we knew there had been murder and suicide— thus much, bnt no more. For though diligent search was made at tbe foot of the precipice^ it was unavailing. The spectres returned every dark night without fail to tbe same spot, ?but no mother's son in ail Cuba knew whence they came or who they were. 73ius things went on till next Annundaia. Then came the Padre Vinezout of the Jesuit college at Havana, with four collegians, to make a sojourn in these mountains. What knowledge the lads ahoold gather here— God and the learned jpadre alone wot. . X plied with questions ^ mine hostess .of ..the venta where tbey lodged, but sbe laughed, and bade me ^ mind .the mules, and she would mind ^l^be, geese. Well, the strange conceit— y- . jB^iatever it was—that brought them up iiere'bore fruit they looked for as little . M%e: r \ 0p among the peaks of these jne^tains, and nowhere 'else in all tbe ' Anting there live—— See ! seoors, that ?:7- fiiuky -isj-pt overhead— Jesus 1 that cry— woman In anguish and a devil-bird frnffiriek likeAhat!, Damned souls are pj^n^ in their vnlture bodies' (devil birds/like owls, only fly abroad at rught), ? WMU «U|^ 1U «US P.... ....... f-jr iHSfiave utterance to their woe. The ' dawl-ljirdfl live and breed emong the high . crags -of tho Sierra ildestre. We Cubans , jjovor^shoot them. Tlie wflrld is evil : enough without sotting dunned souls looeeMtt. ilut a young Espanil amon^ tbe fa3re'« pupils na the toIc. One / toormng he Wought'back to the venta ft . -it AeidSBrS-biTdtbat he had killed in the ttigbi. Mine hoat w for ha-ripe it «pna]ded mth ioly mter and buried in aA Jmste ; hut Paifi Viiie* l&ughed;, e. xirely iappened to each a : ?S wara ^iieverona »enor, «ud ie' and the j ^?jjjw-itook ihe aniuliowed bird ootside j p»^ 'poii(lopmi/ SKaDommgo! whit do j y toj^findaniODgitBcnbaili fata golden j iri hm nnd nf finn wnwnun. I -7. jeldft«ndwitii 4be same of 2ara graven 'The inyateiy of the Sa&ta; ^; 7elin!?as8'irasumavelledat]a8t. Jedons ^ Mblp^the i«inhtnd of the lovely Antillinji toUh/brq did®ot jbiei er aTOj with him OGjmsuED ? m-m page 4. ? where £ he^a/dtfa.w&s; fmmcL «ad splinted it ^d tbe ^rge -with' holy water, sinc« ' ? which - their OT-wttee,laftve\troubled the :-.. pi«siioniQt«.,r Thisetory,'v?MclxMfttias garnished frith abundanfcexclamations and *. gestures^wasreceived with grave and credulottsiutereet by all the hBarers save ? one. :3$is iwas . a young Georgian about five.-and-twenfcy years of age, who gave . ?himself -out as traveller for a tobacco house ic Baltimore. . Tfalfl young gentleman professed the greatest contempt for the entire category of supernatural appearaucoa. 'Serve that sort of- caVe to your Cuban Diggers, majoral, '.said he. 4- It has not suited my stomach sioco 1 -was a schoolboy.' w Cosas do Espano ' (it is a matter of breed} retorted Matias, griauiag and shrugging Lib shoulders. But the youog Yankee's fellow-travellers did not all take his con temptuous incredulity ot opeQ scorn -of their jjboatly experiences with the tusjorfll's philosophic good humour. To have impressive narrations received with persistent mockery is a trial to the best* tempered narrators, implying as it docs not only doubts of their candour, but a tncan opinion of their intellectual capacity, One passenger in particular felt himself aggrieved by the Geoi-giau's levitv of tongue. This was a Mexcian of fifty or thereabout, eolemu, cadaverous, and shoru* faced, aud looking like a Pampas cattle dealer in a prosperous way of business. \- ^sj^^^intfjjbouoyes-dcepscfcunderlov, projecting browa, nsputwa con-like expression to his physiognomy This mail had veUted the omen of a cold hand, which iu hie family prefigured death by touching the shoulder of the doomed one, aud instanced the case of his young wife, who felt the sinister touch while out alcse with him on tho Pampas, aud died a few hours after in his arms, without experiencing auy pain or symptoms of ill ness. Several times during tho narrative tho young commercial had chuckled aloud, and he greeted the conclusion with shouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at him. 'young gentleman,' Baid he, ** though you laugh so iigbtly at the ghostly adventures of others, I iriako no doubt you would he the first to quail and tremble if anything similar happened to yourself.' 41 Waal, stranger, if you mean t am a coward, you had better say a£-,' retorted the Georgian, laughiug louder and more offensively than before. u Loco (idiot), wjU you force me to prove your folly to you ?' cricd the older man, clutch* ing tho ehoulderof the commercial so hard with his claw-like fingers that he winced. 'I declare to you that tbe sight of a ghost would make you drop on your knees faster than a derringer crack,' calc'iate it might, if it bail your muscular claw, darn ye I' exclaimed the young Georgian, angrily, wresting his arm from tbe other's painful grip. 'Every dem fool may have his opinion, but he mayn't choke it down other folks' throats, I reckon.' In warm latitudes, when words run so high, an appeal to revolvers is imminent ; and such an issue of the discussion being undesirable in a crowded diligence, the other ten travellers interfered in tbe interests of peace, Thedisputants showed themselves amouablo to reason ; each leaned back again in bis comer, and tho atUluess of the mountain defile was broken only by the driver's professional oaths, and the jingling bells of his six blanked mules. The journey, now all down hill, proceeded rapidly, aud short ly before mid night the filit aud longest stage on the tour to Mamanillo ended at a roadside -venta^ where supper was waiting for the travellers. Over their broiled turkey 'and sliced bams, fried in oil, and fresh roasted coffee — tbe perfume of which still filled the house— tbe twelve insfdes ' grew gay and talkative. -Gradually conversation worked round again to the subject of tbe supernatural, and in tbe cheerful security of the brightly lighted inn parlour the liis companion's stories thau he had done in the mountain pass. The expression of' the Mexican's face grew more aud more significant. At last be stood up, and in a. tune of sarcastic menace, said, 'Young man, you defy me to prove what 1 said. Buono, I accept. I am prepared to summon from tho dead any person you name. If you can, laugh iu the face of the spectre. Pcnicnic ? X will say no more.' At this unexpected challenge tho Yankee seemed to waver, and his chal lenger laughed derisively. (i Come, senor, close with himt Close with him V un- j aninsously urged the other ten travellers, ' j who were curious to see the old one's i talent put to the proof, 'otherwise we ! shall think you verily are afraid.' *' Then ! I calc'late I'll convince yer to tho cou- ; trairy/' drawled the Georgian. 'I'm sot : on Jumbi ' (the spirit worshipped by tho i negroes of tho Antilles, supposed to reside in ceiba trees), be added,' addressing the : cattle-dealer, and expectorating over his shoulder into the fireplace. ' You bet he's somewhere around. Wc passed a grove ' of ceibas just now.' 'Corpo di Cbristi 1 am I a nigger or a Johnny Crow !' cried the Mexican, his falcon eyes all aflame at the insult implied by tbe youug man's address. ' Can ybu not see the eenor is afraid, and wants to back out of the business 1' sneered a sallow-faced cigar-roller. 'D'ye want to digest your supper with a little lead, stranger f 1 inquired the Yankco tapping bis breast-pocket suggestively, but before the cigar-roller, who seemed eager to accept this proposition, could speak, he was thrust back an his chair, and his voice drowned by eager aud in sistent cries of u The challenge—keep to the challenge, gentlemen!' 'Lot senor Americano signify whom among the de parted he wishes to see, and I am ready,' said the cattle-dealer, who had recovered bis phlegm. ' It is understood that X bet bim m hundred American dollars that he will drop down with irighfc before tbe apparition I conjure up — — ' ''Hold there ! Six hundred dollars is more than I cau afford to risk 1' interrupted the American. *s Since tho senor so positively denies the existence of spirits, there can bo no risk for hi»i' insinuated the Mexi can, an argument that was -unanimously applauded. 4- I can't wagev what I haven't got,' persisted the young commercial, ** but 1J1 bet you a hundred dollars, if that will Bvivt yovL' The Mexican shrugged his shoulders, and laughed 'contemptuously. u Objure up a spirit from tho abss fortho miserable ia}H) of ouo hundred dollars.! No, senor. jfy wager stands?} it' not, . I red. J£c'vae liberty of believing you lack the needful courage.' 33y this time tho ?curiosity of. the ton spectators had reached cuch a pitch that tbey were prepared to pay almost any price for its gratification. One of ibem z-io}afn]-?d, 'Stjnors, let us co-operate to settle this difficulty* \Ye are tea iu number. Qere I Jay down fifty dollars: if oach of you will do likewise, with senor Ai»enoauo'& hundred we shall have made up the sum.1' Tins proposi tion was eagerly accepted, and in less time than it take* to relate, 500 dollars were handed to ths young commercial, with the . understanding that if ho won the bet the profits should be equally shared among the ton contributors. He did not appear i overjoyed at the. facility afforded him for] osta^hshiug his claim to be a jwau of' courage ; on'tlte contrary, he became pale £n4?M)cftsy,4udit was not Ull the mock Wg whisperg irqnqd aff l-?ud that he ooutd mo longer pretend to bo deaf lo them, that he said, with a forced laugh,' which had mighty tittle £r-zzu/tt! in it. MVaal I guess it's a done job, guvher. do ahead end lose yer money as quick as yer like.11 The landlord of the venta agrcou to place an empty room at ' tho disposition oi tbe necromancer, and the Uexieaa having selected a basement apartment with a door opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical Yankee inside, and shut the door gpon him. He himself remained outsidft m tcxe garaon witn tt^e rest or tae com pany, whose excitement was aroused to the highest pitch by tho -cabalistic nature of ' the next proceedings. Visaing himself - opposite -trie olosed door the mysteriaias Mexican began to repeat rapidly somo formula in an unknown tongue, while the falcon gage of his deep- sunk eyes 'seemed penetrating to tbe depths of Avenius. 'Who shall I callf' he asked at length. 'Fair Zara,tho female bull-fighter 1' was the answer that came back from the dark room. The Mexican resumed his incanta tions. ' I oale'late the lady's husband objects to her travelling alone. You'd better call for 'cm both, stranger,*' jeered theyouug commercial, as the ghost delayed to appear. Unmoved the necromancer continued his muttei-iugs. At the end of another five minutes tbe Georgian called out, ' Look here, Balsamo, give over ?swearing, and let me out- I can't afford to lose the diligence whilst your ghosts are getting on their ten league boots.' 'There is. tima, aenorj therG is time i' J called back the majoral, who stood agape j with curiosity behind his passengers. ' ' What do you see V' d&manded; tho deep ! voice of the Mexican. ? 'Nothing,' was J tbe prompt reply. An interval or a few : moments, and the magician repeated his 1 inquiry. There was a pauses, and then in a somewhat unsteady voice the answer cams, 'I see a white vapour at the end o! the room — you are letting in steam to frighten me 1' u What comes out of the vapour 3' questioned the Mexican, Another pause, longer than before, and flm tremulous interjection, 'It is a figure. It approaches, liat -i do »ot «arft. It is all a dolusion.' ' What does the delusion do T5 demanded tbe conjurer, with a sneer of menace in his tones. A sort of shuddering gasp was audible ou tbe other side of the door, then on a sudden a piercing cry. 'A woman's kiss ! No ! the lips were fire—the arms ice. Let me go, fiend : there is blood on her nock ! Let me go ! I am stifling — strangling 3 Ah ! I can't bear it { Accursed sorcerer, I have had enough. Help 1 Help !' A heavy fall was heard inside the room. Some of the company tore open tbe door, whilst others fetched a light. The commercial lay on the floor in convulsions, the ghost, of course, had vanished. They spriukled cold water en the man's face, slapped his hands aud feet, shook him, and rubbed him with vinegar, frightened out of their wits at the alarming consequences of the spectral wager. At last ho came to. Drawings deep breath, he opened his eyes, and cost a terrified glance toward the end of the room, as if be expected to see the glassy gaze of the murdered mat adore still metted upon him. His relief at finding the apparition gone waa quickly succeeded by an outburst of fury against the wizard who had called it up. ' Where is he gone r he cried. ' Where is the blanked swindler who has been trying to gammon me with his ghost % It was a gull, a cheat! The dead don't return.' He looked savagely about him, but the Mexi can trader was not there ; he had stayed behind in the garden. 'Where is ho skulking? Let me come at him J' shouted the young commercial, and before anyone had time to prevent him, he shot out into [ the garden like a cannon-ball. Tbe others I followed in a state of panics expecting a i catastrophe if the two meu met It was I pitch dark in the garden, and they called exasperated Yankee. But everything remained quiet. Presently more lights were brought* and strict search was made among the beds of yams and cassava and the patch of sugar-cane in the venta garden. It resulted in tho discovcty of nothing but a young mongooso, probably harbouriugthicvish designs oa mine host's turkeys. A low hedge of coffee-bushes separated tbe garden from the adjacent country, which wae enveloped in tho black ness of a stormy midnight. Under cover of this impenetrable gloom the magician and the sceptic, tboir theatrical animosity laid aside with the completion of their roles, had accomplished an easy evasion, carrying with them the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow -passengers. Some of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others affirmed that the entire Hdventure was the work of the devil and his agents. The debate on these points occupied the whole of the nest stage, Tho majoral was of course drawn into the argument, but he would not commit himself. u God only knew. The Americanos were won't to say there were dollars in Cuba for men who kept tbeir eyes skinned, aud skinued eyes might also see ghosts 3 For tho rest, each , aeuoy had paid equally for the right to his opinion.' The majoral could afford to be philosophic aud impartial. He had lost , nothing, and be had acquired ft new and ; exciting tale of the roaa 