THE BED GHOST DAJSIGE. (NEW TOBK WORLD, jroTEMBDB 2.) The suake dance of the Moqui Indians, the strange sun dunes of the northern tribes, the roar dance of the bostftes, and the peace dance with which some tribes of men ratify th®1' treaties have all been descn Deo. me wwu ghost dance with which the Sioux and Shos- hones are now celebrating what they believe to be the approach of the Indian milenmum has never been described, for the reason pro bably that it has never been witnessed by a white man. And in the present feeling among the powerful bands encamped here and at Rosebud, as well as further to the west aud north, in Colorado and Montana, it is doubtful if any white man known to have eeon a ghost dance would live to talk or write much about it. For the very motive of the ghost dance is the resurrection of all the braves who have gone to the Great Spirit since the white man first set foot on American soil and the extermination of the whites. And the power to work out this tremendous consummation is to come from the wonderful Messiah, the Red Saviorn , reported moii ihs ago to have come down from the happy hunting grounds and lighted on the top of a mountain peak iu south-eastern Montana in the wild country ou tbe borders of the JSauonai Park. , Thit much alarm is felt by the white men hereabouts who understand the matter is shown by the gravity with which the situation is dis cussed. The" Indians, instead of attending to their farms and stock and schools, lri'ing in their cabins aud tepees, and pursuing their cus tomary loafing and visits to the agency build ings, act as though under a spell. The Indian I agents themselves, who are in the mam careful aud experienced, men out here, look serious when asked their views of the situation. Ft. a nharles P. Jordan, now licensed trader at Rosebud, looked troubled when ked the attitude of Ogalalla Sioux, into which band he married, and in which he holds the rank of " "White Chief." He said the Indians were has brothers and so were the whites, and he hoped Sfformant, who succeeded last eyemnpv» ger- ting a glimpse of a ghost dance in progress at the big camp, several miles from thw agency, where the most fanatical apostles of the new Messiah are said to have made their appear- The situation at the famous Standing Bock Atxencv. where Sitting Bull has been endea- vouring to raise a revolt on the strength oi the promised aid of the New Messiah, is even more serious than at either Rosebud or Pine Ridge. Asent M'Laughlin has indeed forwarded to Washington a formal report ou the general dis affection, showing the alarming extent to which it prevails. Sitting Bu'l and Kicking Horse, the great Sioux prophet, are about equally re sponsible lor it. Tliey predict the arrival ol the Ited Men's Millennium as not later 1ba.» the growth of tbe new grass iu March, 1S91- 1' l!! said that Red Cloud, the ablest and wisest oi all the Sioux chiefs, revealed the jd-'t to M-Liughliii. Sitting liull, who has long been incapacitated by iUi.e-s from active chieftain- ship baa regained his strength, and is fcro- ciouslv desirous of a war against the pale laces " He points to his warlike feats on tu battle field of the Little Uig U»ru, where ..ni i.ie ti-rfin vere exterminated, mu bus triued a band of SiM avengers, roostlj vouii" bucks, whom he has worked up to a fever heat by his glowing accounts of Iberesto- ration of tbe Sioux nation to its supremacy in the North- west. His breves rely on his pro- mi«e that all the dead Sioux wiUnse from theu liravts and that their numbers, with these re inforcements, will be amply sufficient, to drive out and " wipe out" ike white man even were they not to receive direct supernatural ai«, described later on in this letter, from the Great Spirit himself. Kicking Horse goes so fai as to say that he has made a personal visit to the hapi>v hunting grounds through a ' hole in t - e clouds," mid that he there beheld uiitoU thou- sauds of red warriors all iu wax paint, armcti with iheir lances and bows and arrows, ana auointed with a mysterious oil which renders their bodies bullet proof should the whites dare to show fiiiht. But Kicking Horse professes to believe that the white man will be so overawea by the numbers of the returning braves that they wilL retire without violence. Sitting Bull, who represents the irrecon cilable?, as Red Cloud does the " progressive Indians, is supposed to be the chief whom the Great Spirit will commission to lead the red meu to victory. In the wake of their froim- phaut progress the grass will grow waist- high and the prairies be thick with buffalo and auie- lope. The story that Sitting Bull has been under the spiritualistic tofluence of a ' Mrs. C. Weldou, of Brooklyn," who came here to see him to 1SS9, aud hoe had commumcaUou with the Great Spirit through her, is believed to be without foundation. The ghost dance eeems to be intended as a solemn notification to the Indian dead that they are now needed on earth to help the jemjiaut of- their people exterminate the whitesA seize their own again. _ It is aloa ccr®mWg welcome, in anticipation of the braves, and it is at the same time amSL die Whether thewMU men, who arealLgrfe I MOmod jn bJsuiuju jfakt-tSte file durct which is ,ff| if fF-; . ; Hcnp&ou;, certainly ferocious enough the wildest sensation- lover. BTtmTr The camp this friendly fuUf-brT J white companion to spy upon is >,:« surrounded by low bare hills. From suuK-r summit across the vaiiev would perhaps to mile The waggons of the braves — of them as farmers and freighters now "%ave- their homes and waggon. — are corralled datlTO" centre of the valley. A fringe of tents skirts the borders of the camp, and a scene or so of painted tepees are the lodging places of the irreconcilable old squaws and bucks, who havo never give: in to " progressive" notions, gone to wearing shirts or working like white people. The oxen, bulls and cows, pigs and chickens issued to these Indians by the Government for breeding purposes — for in tbe eye of the law most of them are farmers — have been driven into the valley ako, and are lariated or cooped on the out-kirts of the camp, where they are being killed and eaten at a rapid rate. The atmosphere was dank an 1 murky wlieu, two night ago, my half-brerd friend set out for the camp. After an hour's laborious walk, and after crossing a marshy plain, the top of the hill to the west of the camp was reached about y o'clock. The lights of the camp fires, ou which the evening meal had been cooked, were gradually allowed to die out and several old squaws could plainly be seen moving in aud out among the darkening embers. About three hundred yards east of Jhe foot of the hiil ou which the spies were seated in a clump of 6tuuted evergreens was an open space, of an acre in extent, towards which the squaws seemed now urging, now driving the rest of the bind. Around the outer rim of this open space fires were kindled of wood that seemed to have been smudged, as there was little or no flame, only a dull red glow and a profuse pale grey smoke, which, rising from all 6tdcs at once, formed a sort of canopy over the 6cene through this cloud by fits and starts the old squaws could be seen forming the warriors in rows around the eastern edge of tbe expanse with the youuger bucks and squaws in rows behind them. The warriors in the front row were kneeling, the squaws behind them sit ting, and the younger bucks standing behind thero. Then the old squaws retired to tbe western edge of the opeu ground, where they were screened from observation by the bush and remained out of right for about ten minutes. Dqriiig-this time the picture was wild and impressive in an unusual degree. Seen by the smouldering light of the fires built in a long oval aboat forty feet infront of the line, the warriors, with their women and children be hind them, knelt, or sat and stood in absolute silence. They were all waiting—just what for the half-breed ou the hill didn't know When a fire would burn up too bright and illuminate too clearly the solemn groups near it, a squaw would go and pull the jttgoie away irom me coais ana subdue the flames. WLec the old squaws returned ther joined hands and knelt down to the centre of the open. They began chanting what sounded at first like a death song, bat now ant again swelled into savagely triumphant yells. The smoke only started at intervals and while the chant was going on, but while the strange scene was shut from view the warriors advanced from the ranks and, joining hands to a larger circle around the old squaws, began thwghostdance. Their chant was less shrill than that started by the squaws and was not so plainly heard. A portion of it seemed lamentation for their dead : thmicame the invocation to the dead to arise and come help their bretheren exterminate the white man. The squaws had not been observed to leave tbe circle tbey had formed, bat as the warriors' chant swelled into what the half-breed said was the invocation to the departed Sioux to come back to earth, the old hags one oy one, stole like shadows under the linked arms of the braves, each with a hunting stick to her shrivelled hand, the light from which fell with grey ghastliness on her painted face. This light for the first time made visible to the watchers the faceso the braves them selves, and it was now seen that they were to full warpaint THE BIG CHIKr AJfD AGK.VT. The old women passed through the circle like a procession of spectres, each carrying a taper of grave-wax to light her unaccustomed feet over the rough surface of the valley. At all events that was what their wildpeformance looked like from the hQl-top, and before the processionhadmore than half passed through the circle the smoke grew so thick and the clouds above the valley so dense that the half-breed spy declared the immediate necessitvof a return to tim Agency.: Ttoongb into been seen of the ' ghost, dance, - which, had . thai --baipfy he- gun, for report says .it .lasts -well into the I morning, and indeed till everybody connected ' with it is exhausted, to bring out dearly at leastone significant fact. And that was that 1 tbe bucks had war print on their faces. Thero is t" here that tbe Monnons are eo- eouratong too Colorado, Montana, Utah, and Idaho Indians to look forwmd to the exami nation oi the soldiers, agents, andall the white men in authority— except tee Mormons—when the Red Saviour comes. That strange Indians who may have come from the est, aud may even dim to have been ut the immediate vicinity of the new Messiah, have recently joined the Sioux at these agencies is indis putable. They are spoken of ss apostles of the Hew religion, and it is by their advice that the Indiansbave gathered into camps, given up work of all kinds and gone to eating, praying, singing and dancing— ulltd tec Millennium comes. xposix.es or the ra® cbeeb. The excitement btgan among the 8 oux at the great council of the Stoux nation, held about the middle of September on Bad Biver, some fifteen miles above Pierae, S. Dak. "White men were excluded from the coumto, just as they are from tee ceremonies 111 the camps in this vicinity, but a very well informed gentleman, named W. T. Tomktos, who has ridden in pursuance of his business during the past few weeks through a greatdeal of tee Siour country, says teat this fanatical tnnni. whirl, seems to have laid hold of the Dakota red man is tea direct reselt of the ex hortations of tee Indian emissaries from Mon tana, where tee Messiah was said first to have been seen last spring. . Who to tee East had supposed that tew strange agitation about a Messiah bad reached such a piteh among the Red men that emissa ries were actually despatched many hundreds of mil., from one tribe to another to urge them to make ready for tee appearance of their " Redeemer !" And who has yet heard this Indian Mesaah s creed? Its article is the belief that the present surface of the North American conti- tent will be covered thirty feet deep by a. iieiv stratum of soil, which shall be inhabited by Indians only, and be thick with game as wero the prairies before the white n inn name. Beneath this new stratum the ghite tni his cities Ugtaraaifrs W his an eve. and the niw World never known him, or at least as it was dOO vests sen. But the Indians— and here is a strange thing— shall not be whelmed in the eenenJruin- They will be endowed with a supernatural strength to wrestle with the difficulties of the occasion, and will squirm though the new soil until, airer roucn labour aud many fears and lamentations, the Red man shall at last struggle out to the new surface of the new earlh where they will find grass wrist high and immense herds of buffalo, antelope, and wild boree6 ready at kThere is something touching in this happy restoration. To reach it the red man must pass through his purgatory— the. new earth stratum. No pale face will ever be permitted to mar the serenity of these Elys»an Fields, n«r will the game die out or he driven awav. Yisious of these veritable Happy Hui.tiug Grounds are seen in the ghost dance by the warriors, who I spin around in a religious delirium until th»y | fall in a trance. In this tranc-i the ghosts oi the dead braves and d 'parted chiefs are said to I come and tell theiu of the new glories to crown Ha r»d man. This bv some is said to give its name to the dance. OENEEXI. INDIAN DISTURBANCES. The outbreak of the White River Utes, who have left the reservation in Utah and gone into Colorado to kill stock, is believed here to be part of a general uprisiug preliminary to the appearance in the flesh of ihc Indian Messiah. It is known that the Ncz Forces near Mullen- Idaho, to the number of 400, have appeared in a band at Ibat town and presented a formal de mand that tbe whites leave the country, 44 to which they have no title." These are the same Nez Perces who took part in tbe massacre of 1S77. They are dissatisfied with, their reserva tion at La I'ivia, and are said to threaten again to overrun that vast stretch of northern Idaho known as Camas Prairie. The excitement among the Cheyennes, Kiowas, and Comaoches is scarcely less. Cap- tain Trimbleton, of the Seventh United btates Cavalry, Commandantat Fort Sill, is known to have declared within & few weeks that in his opinion " the greatest Indian uprising of recent times is certain to come soon," as "the Indians ! have got the idea that the Great Mcditinc Man ! is coming to wipe out the whites and restore to j them the ownership of the country.' ' Captain Trimbleton is known as a man of experience and discretion. His declaration that the 5,000 Indians about Fort Sill have renounced Christianity and entered upona scries ,of incan tations and fanatical orgies is certainly worthy of note. Whether or not the Government should double the frontier garrisons is a ques tion for the Government to decide. ABE THE 6I0TJX STABVING ? TW opinion in this -part of Dsktil® ihat ! tha®oUX have been so hadlF reat«f. by the has TjSsSjF"8® iuetSJgMBpiBlong the rortLe ,ne' jssf te — roe nwaion aon. nTif» thbJJJ jmormisaioB that secured »p>— -—t — i — q ABjCspBtity.- General Crook had been lln n i hii'MF'" hM afterwards their benefactor axd frienXgre is no his in- IjAiras General CivuklrHlMiGed the Siouihat tee Government would pajthem iu full and promptly fortheir lands, and that their nghts should be r. spected. The Sioux have been repeatedly deceived by agents of the L mted States Government, notably when the attempt, that so nearly resulted, in 1878, in war was made to remove them bv force to the Mis souri River, but tbey trusted Crook. Now that Grook is dead the chiefs say teat his Govern ment has failed absolutely to carry out his uro- ItiifW- O a injr to the delay to the passage by Con- pn ess of the Indian Appropriation Bdl not oulv the Sioux, but the Indians of the entire country have been and are suffering for food. It is now October, and the supplies due to July have not yet been sent oat to them. As a re sult they listen all the more eagerly to tee emissaries who have come from that part of Montana .autre the Messiah is said to have been ?- The idea of an approaching millennium aud the extinction of the whites renders the reservation Iudians all tee more willing to eat their breeding sheep, cattle, and fowls, and quit work of every kind. The Sioux at these two agencies— -tone Ridge and Rosebud-are re- , S'y'i anything at all, even under H ® l „ cc'<i census apportionment, instead of tee full rations they are entitled to. '.of tfm? siDC? J "ly the Government snp- a-u cat here have been, of course, diminishing. Ibere wall soon be notliing at all on hand to jons except scanty rations of beef. Suppose, ..6 has been the case to the past, extra fhlTs6t,?AsM/nWereifned to take the place of the rations of flour, etc., for which there is now no material on hand. The result would he certemslarvation, tortoen the beef also wouM it is useless to attempt to reason with starving Indians especially when the mysterious aposU J from Montana and Utah have sucreK to cotivmcing hundreds of tee Sioux that whfthe Messiah appears their struggle for their ri-hte will at list be crowned srith onntABc _ _ j,n.v sSSssrwSSS plenty ?Jr Wd"Q starTe wl anl Teligiou, Indians feel that tee werst has come to te« worst, and teat even if no Messiah came IU might as welldie fighting. with iW w"e6 an? children around them as see their dear ones pinched and starved by a Government that omesteemahvmg and has abundant means to pay that debt were it so disposed. By the v«S failure to deliver teem teei supphTtojTT,? when they were due, the Government has L i last Btroke of cruelty, deprived the Siouzof opportunity to earn money by freighting tees, supplies. There was nothing to haul, so thev have been deprived not only of their Gove pent food, but of almost their only opportunity to make money enough to buy food els! wnero. 