How a Good Ship was Lost Ok tlio night of Ootobor27th, 1812, tho good ship "Mary Comptou," of Bristol, England, was struggling with a foarful gate off tho const of North America. Tho wind blow furiously, hot tho wcatlios was aloar, and tho Captain oxpootod ovory momont to got sight of tbo light In tho lighthouso on tho Iron Rook Shoals. This lighthouso tnarkod tho ontranoo to tho harbour. Ouoo tbero and tboy wore dontly. Fivo minutes lator tbo ship struck with a foarful shook and wont to pioces. Four men, including tho Captain, woro saved. On roaohlng tbo shore they fonud a strange thing had happoood. An onomy of tbo light- honso koopor bad bonnd him hands and foot and extinguished tho light. Souls, as woll as ships, stoor by tho lights. Hopo is tho moat important ligbthoaeo in tho world. a What shall bo eaid of tho man who darkens it in tho faco of a storm- tossed spirit P " Youarofayomlftuniaiiairf." Tbosowords wore said by a phyniaian to a woman who had coma to ooDsuic mm. Aamitung tiiat no tlionght ao, had ho any right to say so P No s for ho might bo wrong— and In any case ho bad no bnsinoss to nut ont tho light. This woman bad boon til for eomo timo. In Juno, 1889, sho was greatly alarmod by her symptomR. Hor bcart palpitated, aud sho was so giddy sho oould scarnoly stand. Hor head whirlod " and." sho said, ' all objects Boomod to go into a oloud." She had to hold liorsolf up or sit down for foar of falling. Sho broko out in a swoat although cold as death. A dreadful cough raokod hor framo so that she oould not lio down in bed and sloop. " I oonld scarcely orawl about tho honso," sho says, " I was bo weak. I triad different remedies and modioines witbont avail. 1 wont to tho Dispensary at Now Briggato and askod tho dootor to tell mo tho worst. His answor was, ' I havo mixod ' you somo modicino ; you can tako it or leavo it. I took it for tbroo wooks, and then gavo up in despair. "I talkod with two other physloians. The last one said, ' You are past human aid,' m " My heart sank within mo, for I bad fivo littlo obildron, and my death would loavo thorn without a mothor's love and caro. I wont homo and cried till I was siok. 1 had no appo tito and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost ! My mothor oamo to soo mo and did not know mo. My skin was of a groon nnd yollow oolour, nnd whon I ato anything it soomod to stick in my throat. About this timo I oommancod vomitting, and what I throw up "»" UlUVU. VSUUU i. Ut-gau to vomit at nino o olock on a Saturday morning and scaraoly got rest from it until Monday morning. "At this timo I remomborad that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formally worked in Crawford's Mill, iu East- street Loods (whore I llvo), had boon ourod by Mothor Soigol's Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr. Josion's, tho Chemist, in Great -Garden Straot, aud got a bottlo. A few doses Btoppod tho vomitting, and by dogroos from day to day I felt bottor. Soon X oould eat a dry crust, and by tho timo I had finished tho second bottlo I had got ovor all my bad symptoms, anil was fast getting my strength baek. I am now (April, 1890), in bottor hoaltb than ovor boforo iu my lifo. a "I should havo taken Mothor Soigol's Cura tivo Syrup soonor, but my husband was out of work and wo bad only a trifle coming in from his club, and I tbank God 1 did got ft at last, and it ourod mo, bad off ns I was. All my friondB and neighbours know tbo fact I havo related, and 1 will roply to any lottors of on- quiry." (Signed), Mrs. Ann Mills, 40 Brood Street, York Road, Loods. This was a oaso of indigestion and dyspopsia, with symptoms showing how far it had af fected tho norvous system. A few months, or possibly weeks more, and Mrs. Mills woold havo had no t&to; to toll. Sho did wroug to wait ono hour for any reason, after having known what Mother Soigol's Curativo Byron had dono for her frioud Mrs. Wilson. 134 