SPARKS Social. Holiday. Christmas tree. ' Christ mastide.' J.oys extraordinary. Fine weather again. A good programme. ' A Merry Christmas.' Well done, Mr Watt ! Have you seen ihe ghost. Adelaide talent coming. Mr. Fuss is great on forfeits. The Buna boys to the front. Will Curtis win the Handicap.' Mr Pengeliey leaving Terowie. Mr. Farrar inspects the Baldina ford. Sports at Hallett on Christmas Day. Pull the string and the figure moves. Don't forget the sports on Boxing Day. Mr J Roach will recite on Boxing night. Burra Literary Society gone into recess. Halleit Blue Ribbon Army to the front. Don't miss seeing * LL' on Boxing Day. Kadina church had a cherry fete last week. Richards a dead bird for the one Mile Bicycle Race. Have you seen old Parkes ? Call on J. A. Watt. One pound five shillings for the Burra Hos pital. Wanted— Subscribers to the Record next year. Rally up members. Don't be late in forming the procession. Operations at the Bon Accord to be com menced shortly. Primitive Methodist Sunday-school anniver sary on Sunday last. You missed a treat by not attending the Literary Society's social. You will considerably help the local press if you pay up your subscriptions. All accounts ior the quarter are now issued. vVill our subscribers kindly attend to them at once? The local corps of the Salvation Army going to have a big ' flare up' on Boxing Day. Don't miss it ! The Burra Record does the cheapest print ing in the north. Any orders recived from any part ot the colony attended to at once. Tea meeting at Halletl on New Year's Day ; also sports and entertainment in connection with the Bible Christian Church. Musicians always observe with care the tone and characters of different instruments and en deavour to impress upon the ear the peculiar ities of each. It is necessary to carefully ob serve that each bottle of Peaice's Lavender Water with Musk bears the Phoenix guarantee label, without which none can be genuine, a The largest lake in the world is- Lake Superior, being 460 miles long and 900 feet deep. The biggest waterfall is that of Niagara, which plunges over the rocks in two columns to the depth of 170 feet each. The greatest curative agents in the world are Faulding's Eucalyptus Oil and Cough Elixir ; they should be kept in every house. The whistle oi a locomotive can be heard 3300 yards ; the poise of a railway train 2800 yards ; the report of a musket and the bark of a dog 1800 yards. The human voice reaches a distance of 1000 yards ; the sound of a cannon at the battle of Waterloo was heard a Dover on the English channel I So miles. The name of Faulding's Cough Elixir, Eucalyptus oil, and Extract of Eucalyptus is heard all over the colony. Important to District — Messrs. Drew and Crewes have been appointed to the sole agency of ' Marshall's Exhibition Condi ment,' a valuable adjunct to usual feed of horses, cows, dogs, poultry, etc A guaranteed article. Already awarded twelve specials at agricultural shows. Also for their famous Lincoln Healing Oils, equally valuable for man or beast. ? a ? 