A JOTJBNEY ACROSS SIBERIA Et .Taitps Campbell. FB01C VLADIVOSTOK TO EASDOLKOI. It was a glorious June morning when we started, end we were in the highest of spirits. - Our tarantassos were driven to the duor, oar luggage adjusted with some little uimcuicy, ana we were on. xoe jemtemks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone hAlf a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitions apparently of out- flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with suoh a pace ae one sees to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour The tarautass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest fault to find with it — that might be 6 aid of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth— but the fault beyond all others is that it ie without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads axe 1 rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on rough roads this de lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, aB there is no con venience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not. the plcas&ntest; of things to sleep on. The knobs and comers are distinctly in evidence during the night, ae the yemtebiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send yon flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your tarantass larches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam., Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of the human frame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended ' I found 1 could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a taraniass. Adjust ment to eurroundings ie one of the great 'laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It ie an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts — the verat is two-thirds of a mile— we came to a post station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes over the face ot the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The Etations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of Lorsc-s, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Ra«ian driving that they universally have three Lorat?s instead of pairs, as else where. The central horse is between the shafts, and trots. The other two are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 10, and the cost is fixed by. the Government at from H to 3 Jcepekfl per veret, or, to put it so that it may be better understanded cf the people I am writing for, yon get three horses to carry yon 20 miles for a little under half o crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at fhe rate of 2s. f d. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk : east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the difference between prices in various countries may be immense, the dif ference in values may be very little. The horses are just as well fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fine Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of &U; good Things than the Siberian remtshlk, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prioes and seem to be paying much more ; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles with high figuree attached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we bad agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up' our eves to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Frices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. "The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion. tfie productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the stiond post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke lierman fairly well, and was immensely interested when be learned I rame from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we pared with hiuh professions of esteem. Later on I found ont that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their rwn is an error. <u:te one-half with whom 1 came in contact could speak nothing but Russian, cr, at beet, a few words of French or German. The best lin- gn>-ts of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes ore concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch : then the Germans, and after them the Russians. When I say the Gbrmans, I ata not sure bnt equal with them, are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swede : all of these surpassing far the Latin races of every sort, and the English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said 1 before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Aut-traliaus shape to be the wcrat linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations 1 have 1 made about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious we&tber.; In the afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about £ o'clock it was raining torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province coast is noted for wet, no less than 230 days out of the year being rainy. At became dark as pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get out and trudge along the muddy road, slipping and stcrab- ling as we went. I began to reflect upon the fact that I had '',000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 50 turned out in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I wav quite sane when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever— they thought I was as mad as a March hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average man is & comfort- forinc rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, strange food and strange beds, prepared to gash with rapture over the glories of the Himalayas, if you take hun tap the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if ne can do it in a first- close carriage. The stay-at- home shopkeeper spirits are the special bctcs twin of travellers, and to fed that they are right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to the enterprising souls who break fresh ground or depart from beaten and therefore comfortable tracks. Thus muring, with a- certain 4 bitterness of unreasonable resentmei" against some good, folks at home, as. if they were in some fashion responsible for my tronbtee ppyy i plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved ae I plunged into the mud that I would not go back at any cost, bnt would 6ee it through just to spite the critics I At last the dim lights of the little town of Rasdolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were-iu shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station— one of the worst cn the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of ns to occupy them. As we bad all ooxne off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep of the righieouB. An uneven wood floor, with merely a railway rag on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result -was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effec tually than Banqno a ghost. Hi spluttering and explosions, his small artillery of Enortings and heavy cannons of long- drawn scorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off, though they commented upon it in the rooming, but it kept me in a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under euch circumstances ? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, 1 don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together ; will some practical lover of his species invent a machine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make tzs oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from ending ro applications for loans 1 That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be e fortune in it. We made a 6craggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey : and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly waV.hiag the conntry and admiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clomps of trees, river fiats of the best soil, made a landscape oi great beauty, and told u6 of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Saifun part of the wav, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. W e passed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the sell and rock6 of Kyneton, now beginning to bo occupied. It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I a?£ed myself a hundred times before I left Siberia, what will this country be r The quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty cf the scenery a surprise, and the fact that it ha« stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Before I have finished these papers I shall try to give an ancwer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces 3 re likely to become. 