, «TttANQE aTORIBS- I " 0 ' By Jakes Greenwood ("Tho Amafeeor Casual. ") "Th«. Tn» Hiotonp of . fhyllli ut Lavender . Wharf," . f Jail Birds' Bump, : - rio,, etc. (All Rights . Reserved. < No. 10. A BABY GHOST. v Chapter l. " t -rJ,? JTOT GUaard vraa a ,4iele woman." En- , f«ire— qulaUy, mind 700. and e though yoo were aware that her whereabout wai If v.- melblsg ot a aeoret und one to bo respected rOL1'.11" Mwuire. l eay. In the looalitv where Mrs. >;Bn»rd tflsidea end you would find fifty r/.'sjwpl® to corroborate my. Maertlon. not reyselfa believer in witchcraft l A-orlnacy other form of devilry, nor am I in- Y.Vuhned.to put faith In- the opinion popular in i; )Bwbort stre«t, Rotherhithef tliat the old 'f -'vllVmqaeufeibii could not poeeibly encom- %fM8.tbe various tieklisb job abo took in v MBu oM i ehe not receivo direct assistance .Iroot the .father of evil. the aame for that, sbo wsa " wIm." .? ; Sow. else could it bo aooounted for that, hav- :>';/fcj®htogbpt her wit to depend on for » atauhood, she xnsnsnd to live eo much o- hrtter than anybody about her. The wthe neighborhood, oenerally speaking, was /(--Mirisea, of 'the unfortunate Drudge family, V» eweating members of which gnnd< their r : :'.-fcOM to tanks thsir bread, morning, noon :jy nnd nlcbt, and Sundays as well as week ff 8®? being as n rule apportioned .. tefench finally. 3nt Mrs Glissara, though \ Bring alooe, could afford to pay root for two H« "itting-rootn, where she saw ;; vWclleote, was comly furnished, including V-'-.nbfaas fender and. a hearthrug. Her bed . .waan feather one. The -potanan from the .f Yfeaver'sArms brought her a pint of the -y':beet stout at dinner, nod again at snpper- sod when she sent to the batcher ;; ;:;foe< t» obop, . tbst tradesman, on batns. ; V1ufcRDedwBoitwas for, Invariably cut one fMn'the middle of the loin, and unbceltat- V; ingly charged a shilling a pound for it. It ; ' »&nt; bo that ' it .was somewhat in tho <|wldUn gsnse, but that Mrs Gliczard waa a /.wfso woman Xmaintain. Among the .other luxuries Mrs GUztard rtodulged in was a morning) and V >.. nt toe time sho ts introduced to thoresder, ; she la comfortably, ansconaed in her easy- v cliair, by tho window. reading the ame. ';ftobabty it was hor being such an ttgly old woman that first put it into MrsGliuard's / ' nind to safe up as a witch. . Had they lived in the lame age, alio mighty from hor! appearauoo, havo been .;V Mother Sbipton's own ,aintcr. .Sho had a 'v' peaked chin, with a iiookod noo overhang- s.-Xorf .her retreating lips, a mousc- colorcd '/ moustache, Lushy eyebrows, and such a pro- . ' nouaced sqoiut in her left eye, that, as she V sat in the window pcraaiffg tho news, it ! J ; seeined aa though tho lost mentioned otitic v/Cwm ail" tha tinio oa special duty . .'.to ; toe ' that, no intruder crept in . the - door. In strict privacy, ami / especially , ol mornings, Mrs GHzzard f/ ' Wore ss a. daytimo head-dress the samo .t" frilled oightacp that covered her cranium //'-during the nocturnal hours 7 but wheosho rV;-' wag vlsibto to customers, horboad- gcarcon- ./. sisted of . a btood-rcd hat, with a stcople : ' v/crofrn, of precisely tho pgtto'rn of that of > ':,the mother of witchos, as she is depicted on the cover ' of the fortune-telliagbook.be- -/ striding her birch- brooai steed an a journey to the moon, j .'.l lbs Olizuni waa waa not so deeply in- j/vterestod'. in her nowspapor but ttiat she ','cduid spare an occasional glance from tho ; ' window, to note what was going on in the i.-gtreot below. Aod presently, catching up crutch -itlck «ho shook Uvcogcfuily as i'A;1toe mattered, squinting dowu into tho road- ifew»y below— . Ah. yon hateful hound! To ntriko tho ftpoor little brat sobrutaily! Your own 'f&-ptle' dsnghter, too 1 lb is well I have not ,t%/tog wilffh power fools give mo crodlt for, or j"//I wou!d niska.lt h<Jb"4or you, IMiU Filbeam, .>Vrldif'thii orueLact/' ' l'Jtor was .the moleroient adjmratioii in- g||aMe../Thr1iidiriteaI ebe callcd Phil :l M dlMMHMM-looking nmpr, shnbbyund siipshoabdaa unstcaily mucb post ten yY/ o'eloek- He was staggering aloo/ ttie pavo- mint, and holding on by tho skirt of his 'riovealy long Jacket, a child— a Httlo girl of rr V-toroe or four years old — trotted hy hlseide. >,iSn was- wofally ragged and thin and 1 Mfllorfrd Inriking. prtnrlttln creature, and vs. ihewssoryingand looking up iuto tho man's ';Cuo as though begging tor something. Pgriups It was for somo breakfast. Any- V. rboir,' turning suddenly on hor with a > seowland an oath, ho okook her off, nt the -. asms time administering a cuff to tlio fair little head, that sent tho child stagecring to : ' the wall- . And then, with both hands thrust deeply. Into his trousers pookets, ' ' " PhU Filbeam went slouohing on atone. ' ' "A dronkon, shiftless wrotch, "continued 1 lira GUczard, still peering after him through / the closed easement. "Who would think to look at Mm now, that fivo years siuco ho y> was a smart man— smart enough, moro is rr " ths'pity to win tho henrt of that silly Uttlo : g»d-ffy, LUcy.Thorno. It was so rornantio lo falf in lovo with a sun-burnt Bailor follow v" who lhad been wrecked, or so ho said, in tho \- Indian seas, and his life, spared by tho \- savages who captured him, only that they .V- valued him for his skill ss a carpenter. Pcor Lucy I . It seems not so long since that ; she was a little child, not bigger than that uofbrtooato babo by tho wait, and I was her godmother! v/- -M. That -was before— ho! hot— beforo I stttdled tho black art. Sho never knew it as a grown-up gjri,sfldhermothernvcr told lier. ' WslljWSll I a witch godmother was not much a- .>to.hfig about, and she died, nover knowing 1 ' Sfho It was that sent her many and many a v meat while iho was lying ill and half-starvod / 'witfllhefc brut# Jake Uompcrtz— I beg hi \- - patdoa, Fhii Pjlbcam— waiting his paitry A-esnUngfat a'publio house." ' : Aug then Mrs Glixzard wont on with her tv." liisslifsif j whlffh irns sprrnd nn n smnll tablo "'-vbv'&fcr; -chair, rtodiug hor paper between vJtlef. '.--.hv < ,-flbs was J glancing through tho advenise- WStitS, when presently sho eavo a start, and v i t.Rttoriag ' the vnwituh-hko ejaculation of .), ">4»Gciod Lorci A'mlghty !" dropped the nnws- :/'-'Via#,a8d -sat staring blankly before her. /'zSJlB ihh Wlpod hor spootsoioa on a corner of i -itMvtshlsolotb, and .took up tho paper )MItls Jait about the most SBtoniahing that I ever heard of " alio exolaimeu rriYvwtea having' fully satisfied that her cyoa laA 'Qot deceived her, she roso frcm tier ttMt'ilmtrattd paeod the room. "Ho, of alt people! jftyi/yiftjS there he goes, with his battered old jMand bispld boote, shuffling tbrongb tho without a sixpence in Ills PgaiCiui iiemad, I wonder? But that MfiBHfiielti no difference. . Some busybody is SK:rto- tdi bim. ;But no one about here Ktiftoblmfay bli proper name, audit may ft&MMl-; lw MOtbod. Oh, if I could manage it g£S:4ha't 0bl if, I could do Mm a good . paoiug the room, with eorru SflMwbrowa and her Upa so tightly FaWyirtoaed that ; her note aud chin l|nitoT.''aoaroe an> inch apart, Mm egQffliiferdjNmderod' the matter. At length it !MifcI'toafc- her cogitation took ehape, te'psd odd ebrt of way, for sho wont and brought out a footatool, EK«w4lto»'legs of whloh wero broken abort tba'tot at the window, not to )MMMtbir7newpsper, but to watch, and, rcSErtooto Unto, who should iho'see return EStttPhinniUu, rixoenoe in his pocket when he before, ic wm probably re- to ' (ouipenoe by thia time, for Phil wm £ES5Wrby at Isaifi a "pint" now titan 95S£».i. PutUng ou . her pleaeaotcst look. Ai lorered . opened the vtindow and called Bj|ftht"i-'Sbshd not spoken to him for jEifamln'af f ears'Qg mpre, nor did Mr PU- EgJjJgSarfto fi|limte her aoquaiotanee. An fi«jSiSa'aaA saperatiUosa - man, bohadtbe eBSdWhaf in berirocromauUo ability, and hhr«: She - celled to hun bv sot to hear, ana hia .wuy, despite a MaHESSiotiy toatrhl felt It would gg||l|:?gI|-:he.f,worss.\tor him if be' oSS&Mrra; UttM barpeatry lob for you, pP&jjpSeba;'toMi'srbgn bit at ImI PsSlfeiff mi ' art not too busy to do BEBS 'ifcwhhie - kndffkod at the door WFiSAwmW ttn "aWt Vir "T " w£'ihs >b,a»dasbo for. dofaig It, aod it would take blm scarcely an hour, it put him in a talkative humor. 11 And bow do you find business, Mr Til- beam ?" she askod him, affably. " How do 1 find it, ma'am ?" and he con verted a rising hiccough into a sigh; "I don't find it. I am jnst sick and soro looking for it. I am not ono of tho lucky ones, sna'm- I am not onoof those, a tho sayitiu is, who havo ths devil's luck and their own too— if you will exewo mo using such nn expression," ho hastily added, bethinking hitr. to whom ho waa speaking. "No ; things don't soem nourishing with you," remarked Mrs GHzzard. "You had best kept single, perhaps." Phil rilbcam caught at that atonco. " That has boon my ruiu and downfall, ma'am ! " and his tipsy oyex growing watery, ho dabbed tliem with what looked like a dirty old duster ho took from Ids jacket pocket. "Sbo is dead and gone now, and 1'vo no wish to bo hard upon her 7 hut it was my misfortune, ma'am, to bo cursed with a bad wife." XIrsGlizzard poked the firo with unneces sary violence era sho inado answer. " A bad one, wa ahe ? " "Well, perlmps not what might bo called a regular wicked ono," said trie drunken rasaru ; "not a fighter nnd u scrntclicr nnd ono given to kicking up . rows ; hut wuns than that, leastways to my wny of thinking. A fighter and a scratcher a man can cope with, giving it hor back hi bcr own coin. But what, ma'am, is a poor fellow to do with a wife he can't aa much aa screw a com- daintout of? A woman who, when ahe finds lerself 'groyring a hit weak and queer, uives way and throws up tho bit of work by which she wm earning a fow shillings, nnd, as 1 may say, maliciously places herself 011 a sick bed. and thcro sho lays, not wanting vitlals herself and not caring a cuss if I got any or went without." " Betur dead a hundred times," remarked Mr Gfiusrd. " Ratter dead fivA.hnndred times, I say, ma'am. And then, nekshally, on tho lying pretence that I could gat work to do if I liked, the parish won't givo her u funeral, and 1 have to teko a job a penny an hour uoder Trade Union price to pay thu under taker. And knowing all about that, they chuck it in my teeth to thia day about my Inot going to my wife's funeral !" "It would navo licen a mockery if you had done to, I think." " Of course it would, Mr GHzzard, and I am very glad that you hold with mc. It is ploasant to find somubody ono can speak his mind to. I'll tell you, though, anil ho laid his hand confidentially on the witch's ami, "there was ouo thing I was sorry for as to that funoraL" "And what was that? Don't mind ipriking to me." "1 was sorry, and have been to tlus day, that alia didn't take tho young un with hor." " You find tho child an encumbrance, ob ?" I'llbcam laughed ilorlslvely. " Kncnnibruuco isn't tho word, ma'am. I find her a cuss. Scu tho drag sho is on mo ! And just iiko hor inothur, with licr mild- nyed snivelling ways, tiho don't even yell' out when she' spanked, iiko another oliild would, but sitf sobbing to herself— confound her I 1 wish she 'wa dead I" " Woll, why don't you kill her !" Mr GHzzard never looked so much Iiko a witch a when aJio contrived to bring licr squinting to licar on anyone to whom sho wan speaking. A sho deliberately naked Filbeam tha abovo question, sbo fixed bun with her erratic optic, lie changed color, but mndo no reply. "Why not?" continued Mr (Jlizznnl. " You havo thoughc about it time enough, I know that ! Why don't you do it ?" Phil moved bis head so as got out of ratitro of tha diabolical eye, and then with a short laugh ho replied — " Hah I its ono thing to wish it dono, nnd another thing to do it. D'ye under stand what I mean, mum? I'd ho glad enough Hit wm' done, but— " ion aro afraid of tlio consequences ?" l'iill nodded, "And shall I toll you what tho conse quences would be— if it was properly managed, mind !" "Ah I toll mo." ' "You would havo »tho devil's luck and yonr own as woll— Iiko those you wero speaking of, nnd envying n while ago." Phil looked over Ills shoulder, and finding that tho room door wa a llttlo way upon lie shut it. " Why, how do yo make out," raid ho, " that the ono thing link along with tho othor?" "It doesn't matter how, but so it is, I tell. you. Not but that it is easy to give you a reason. If you want favor from any one, you teko caro in tho tint place to plcaao him, don't you t" " And what makes ynu think that " (ho did not say what) " would plcaao him." Phil asked with a nervous grin, Mr Glizzard chuckled in n way that gave Ptlbcam a sensation of " gooiellesh" down tho whole length of hi boclc. "I've bad dealing ooough with him to know hi likes and dislikes, 1 think ? " shu modo answer. ' Thoro is money enough in store for you, I toll you, if you havo got courage to ahow yourrplf worthy of it. I'll answer for that, yon cuffld do it easily ? a weakly poor littlo mite, with no mora life in it than a rush-light!" Bho had long sinco brought tho squinting cyo to bear on him again, und while sho wac speaking, ha wasutulur tho balofuHnliuonuo. lio was sober enough now, ami know pur- foctly well what nho meant. "How could you answer for it," ho asked her, <u lie ugaln took nut tho old duster, not to wipo liiu even, hut to brush away thu heady drops from Ills forehead. " Sinco it is ao certain," ho added cunningly, " and you can answer for It, would you advonco any thing on account ? A bit of gold, I mean ? " Mr Glizzard chuckled again, "Why, what a red-hot man of business you have become aV on a sudden ? Money, down, eh? Bcforn tho work is done. Before It is seriously thought of ! There ! Wo won't talk any moro. I havo said ton much already, Take thia old stool, Phil Pilbcam, and inond it, and bring it hack, ami you ah&H; havo tho shilling." 1 " No, lut us talk nbout tho— tho othor," and PhU put hi tonguo rouud Ida mouth to innisteu it ; it had suddenly grown dry. ' Let us talk about it. I havo heard ull about you, -Mr Glizzard, but 1 only lurif- bclioved it. Can a man got tho devil's luck and bis own by bargaining for It ?" " That's a plain question and nhnll Imvo a plain nuswor. Ho can I" "And woulil that bu bargsmlug for it; tho child I mean?" "That would mako it a bargain ; as good a signed ami sealed," "You aro suro T" " Quito suro !" As I havo already told yoti, I will answer for it." " Then," whisporod Phil Pllbontn, " I'll do it i Tell mo now. And what about tho —what about her after hn i dead ?" " Tha body you moan?" "Yc, 'can yau help me? I'll pay you welt when my new look bring me plenty of money. I'll agrco In writing to do so if yau like," She got hire pen, ink and pnpor. "Write as t toll you then:— 'I hereby doelaro that' it was I who klltod my chiltf, Ixicy.' Now sign it, 'Phillip Pribram.' Now I will Isna you tho bit of gold you asked for 1" And she took out hor leather money-bag and gave him a half-sovereign "And I will toll you what to dobosldu Wait until it is dark and give hor thia powder. .She will bo lifeless ton minutes after she has taken U. And f will help you further than that. Put tho body— it 'is a very small ono— in a bag br sack, and bring it straight to mo hsre." Thoy talked no mora about tho broken footstool. Leaving it hohind him, l'lril Filboam, having poclcoted tho half- sovereign, took his departure without a word. After dark Mrs Glizzard kept watch nt hor window, and botwecu 0 and 10 o'clock Pilbcam camo down thu streot with a bulky parcol, wrapped in a canvas bag, under his arm.. Mrs Glizzard slipped down tho ntnirn andooiseicssly opened tho street door, just aa Phil came up, with a face tlie hue of wood-ash, apd took tho parcel frora bim. : For a poison In the pay of dlabnlus, alio had an odd way of preparing for the rccoo- tion of tho bodies of the . foully . slain. A bright little' saucepan, with somo doliclou bed-tea la it, ba4t been irimtnoring on tho bob for an hour or moro, and; 'within a quarter of an hour tho dead ' child was roatored to life. And, none tho worse for 'tho powder, seated on th warm hearthrug hungrily Mting- her aupper. ' - ./ CiuiTr.it II. Mrs Glizzard saw nothing 0! Phil Pribram next 'day. .Ho wa too deoply engaged In getting drunk with tbo hall-sovcrclgn. Nor did ho pay tho witch a visit tho day follow, iog. But tho morning after that, ho camo to hor in a strange state of agitation, half- laughing ono moment, and tbo next bis teeth chattering with terror. " Wltoro is the child ?" he asked, but Mrs Glizzard modo no other rraponso than by placing a finger on her closed Up. "Ho— ho must havo been very pleased," said Phil huskily, "it soon camo to his knowledge. I — I havo rccoivcd a letter," "From Satan, do you mcau?' sho inked coolly, and as tnouuh it was a common thing for tho author of evil to correspond with Iris clients through tho pont. " No ; but from a firm of lawyers I never heard of boforo. It is something to my nd vantage. Bead what thoy say." Ami Mrs Glizzard took tho letter in her hand. "Dear Sir,— Havinu ascertained your pre sent address from an anonymous correspon dent— who also informs us that you are Sossinu as Philip Pilbcam, instead of ns ohn Gompcrtz— wo havo much plcosuro in informing you Hint your undo, Reuben Gom pcrtz, lato of Jamaica, is deceased, ami that you inherit iris estate. Picaso call im mediately at our offl4o, nnd wo shall bo fiappy to supply you with all particulars. " Yours obediently, " VKLl.trst fc Poi/'NCKT, " Lincoln's Inn Fields. "To Philip Pilbcam, Esq., otherwise John GompeTz. " what should you say it meant, ma'am ?" Villrcaht asked. "Money, of courso," tho witch nnswered shortly. " Whatever clso could Ira to your advantage— now ?" " But who could tho anonymous corres pondent ba who wrote to tho lawyers ?" Mrs Glizzard focumcd trim with hor suuiniingeyo, and helped herself to a pluch oi snuff from tier tin box. " Couldn't you mako a guess?" sho askod him with a grin. " Loavo him alone for nrtnnpt attention to business ! When uro you going to tho lawyers?" " I'd go this very morning, ina'am, hut I haven't got a penny oven. Would you tnind advancing me a pound. That will make thirty shilling 1 owe you." " You don t know what you owo mo yot, and I can't tell you till you go and hear what the lawycrshavo to say," said Mrs Glizzard with a frown. "Idou'twork for nothing, remember !" Fearful of giving offcnco, Phil hastcnod to nnauro her that ho Inul no dcairo tlint she should do ho, ami that ho wotUd pay her handaomely. And, with that, lie Iook tlie sovereign und went off. It was late in tho evening when ho re turned, much flushed and excited, nnd dressed In \ bran now suit of clotbcs. Ho hud been mvuy all day with ono of tho lawcrs, nnd had proved his identity .and his claim to tlio old Jamaica sugar-grower's money, which amounted to no loss a sum tlinn two thousand pounds. Tito cstnio hail liocn sold us directed in his uncle's will, nnd that was tlio amount realised. Hu hud dinwn fifty pound on account. " And now," said Phil l'ilbenin, produc ing ids woll-stulfod purse with a llourifdi, "1 will suttio witii you, aid lady, and havo douo with it. You shan't say Iain stingy or ungrateful. Thirty shillings I borrowed of you, and there's a five- nouud note— llirco-pun-tcn for your trouklo ! ' " For my troublo in providing you witli materials for ymi to writo out your confes sion of murder," returned Mrs Glizzard coolly. " Well, 1 don't grumble nt that, ink and paper are cheup. But what alraut tho oxpeiiscs ol burying? Yon havo had ouo oxporienco, as you informed imi, and it coet moro than you cared alraut paying." " What 1 my wife, you mran ? llather I Whv, tlio tldcf of nu undertaker charged mo four pound ten for that. I'll pay you, of courso. But don't try to imposoon me. It oughn't to lm much. Why, yon may sco painted up at Old Tappers', at tbo corner, ' Children' funerals thirty shillings ! " Mrs Glizzard' squinting oyo scorned to twinklo like a diamond, nnd she helped her self to a pincii of snuff larger even than tlio 1 previous one. "JIaii I "said she, "your child- burying will cost you moro tlinn that. It will cost you fivo hundred pounds I" Ha burst into a coarse laugh. "What? Ynu think to tako advan tage of 1110, do you ? I'll soo you haugud first t" "It Hounds well ! rom a man with a ropo rouud his ucck," retorted Mrs Glizzard, angrily, to talk about tracing other people iuiugcd ! Say but another word to vex mo, ami yau shall find what will happen i" Iln was cowed by tlris covert threat. " Well, wo don t need quarrel. You aro as doop in it as I am, at any rate." "A deep In thu criino. And why not as deep in tho tnonoy as woll ? Don't exasper ate me. Pick up your paltry five-pound noto, aod tako yourself oil." Hor last words seemed to inspire himwith a sudden nnd plensiiiu idea. It was no ap parent in hin facathatsho need uot havo been a witch to havo noticed ic. " No tricks, mind 1" sho remarked, shak ing licr forefinger nt him wnrnhigly. "What do yon mean?" ho asked con fusedly. ' Don't think to slip off; you have it hi your uritid. Don't try it. You havo a master, now, remember. Do you know Iris power ? You linvc already had u taste of it. liut that Ih nothing. Why, you poor fool I" ami b!io laughed the Jmpbm Iauuh that had such nn unpleasant effect 011 Phil Pilbcntu's spinal marrow. " If you had wings to lly with, ho would put out hi 1mm!, nnd— exactly so I Just HUo that 1" It saved tier tho troublo of completing tlio Bci'tcuce verbally. Symbolic of what Ids into, when "caught," would bo, a littlo uioili, that bad hcou' flul- tcring about tho caudlu on tho tablo, blitii- dorcdnt tho identical moment into tho flnmo and villi a fiz. und a splutter of tallow was instantly burned up. l'lril gasped aud changed color. "I dreamt about her lust ulgUt," ho ro- mnrked fulturlngly. "Notliinu moro lilcoly," rctunicJ Mrs Glizzard lightly. "That cun'e ba avoided. Tliuro nover yet was n murder dono, bub thnt thu murderer wan haunted. Did sho c'jiue lo your bedside? Did hIio threaten you?" "It wn« wnrso thnu threatening,' said I'hil 1'illranin, wiping hi forehead. "It wo moonlight und I wai lying awnke, ami thoro camo a tapping nt tha window just such ns the hunk of a bird might mnite. I could reach the window curtain whoro 1 lay, nnd I pill out my hand aud put it tishln, ami thoro wan hor littlo white figure kneeling nil thu window sill, und liur hands clnaprd and her eyes so beseeching, as though sho was begging of mo to lot hur in." " Why didn't you?" " What 1" and l'lril covered his eyes with a nhlvor that seemed to ntuko htm lo ids very kucus, " No thank you. I would sooner givo a hundred pounds than see her ghost again, I'd sooner havo lot in a mad- man armed with . a knife. I don't dare stoop In thnt room again. 1'vo bought a bottle of brandy," and ho riiowcd hor 'tho nock of it licking out of tho hronst-poekot of Ills now coat. " I'll got dead off to sleep to-iriglit, wherever I lodgo." " Pah I you aro nervous nnd cowardly," tho witch remarked, contemptuously. "Go homo to your iwd, go homo to your bed, and sco ino in (ho morning. You will bo auothor man then." \ Bho wa right, though not exactly in tlio sonso iior words were intended to convey. Ho was indood auothor man, nndbyavory early hour tu tho morning, too. It wanted yotnnhonrof daylight whon Mrs Glizzard was awakened by nuliblcstiirnwu at iter bed room window, and looking dowu Into tho street there was Phil l'ribcam I Thoro wan a gas-lamp near at hand, and by tho light of it Bho could mako out Iris laco, ghastly palo, and his bloodshot oycu, and sho opouud tho cascmont just a little. " For tho lovo of tho good Lord," ojacti- luted iho trembling wretch, with ids hands cluepail together, " lut mo in 1" Aud fearing that tho neighbors might hear if sho lot him say anything more, sho hobbled down stair with ull speed and opened tho door. " Shut it ; bolt It tigjit," lio oyrlaimod hi a hoarso whisper, as soon as ho urns hi tho passage. " Sho lias been with me again ! Sho won't leave me 1 Sho sat on my pillow, and would not lot mo sleep, though 1 drank all the brandy to tho last drop." Mrs Glizzard )isd her bod-chambor candlo in her hand, and for tluit inattor ' no moro, besides an old shawl than her bod-chambcr apparel mi hor back, and what witli tho grilled nightcap, aha looked moro Iiko a witch than Pin! had yot neon. Sho saw how it was with him. His hnlritual driinkonncss had nmdo him a likely subject for dolirlum tremens, nnd tlio buttlo of braudy had dono It far him. " You had best oomo and lio down oa tbo couch in tho parlor," said Bho, " nnd I will make vou a cup of tea." "No! no! no!" IIo had not come for that, and ho wrong Ms hands despairingly. Could nothing bo dono for him ? Couldliot toe tcrriblo curse ho Inul brought on himself be somehow removed ? " Can tho dead bo brought back to lite?" he asked him mockingly, " Yes, seemingly J" Scarcely wero tho words out nf her mouth when tho creak of a door at the stairs iuul caused Mm to start nnd look hi thnt direc tion, shading his oyo with hand as ho peered into ths gloom, and there, in her white robes, was tlio apparition lie so dreaded. With a grasping cry ho loll ou his knees and then on his face, insensible. It was a riiky trick, for such was hin fright ho might havo died thcro nnd tncn. But, ohl as sho was, she was strong mid wiry, and trim dragged him into the parlor, and made him something of a bed there, nnd a few hour afterwards lio was hi a burning fever. But sho paid a heavy penalty for what ! fhu had «L»nu, It was easy for her to nccouut for hi tmhig in licr bouse, for occasionally she tool; lodgers, and, uuasiiinlcd, night and dav, hIio nursed him. But ho probably would never Imvo got well, had lio been allowed to' befiove that ho was n doomed limn with a murder to answer for. Whcu id fever had passed tbo crisis, too weak to raise a hand to hia head, his remorse wa terrible, and If prayers and tear were reliablo evidences, sincerely contrite. Then, judiciously choosing ait opportunity, ho prepared him for the joy/ul truth, though by no menus buio but that hn would turn instantly fiorco nguinst her. Hi un- spcakablo thankfulness, howuvcr, as well perhaps as a consciousness of hi deserving tor his treatment of bis wife, and ot ins little daughter after tho mother was dead, ubducd him completely, and with his little Lucy cltspod in hi arm, ho willlnuly gave Mrs Glizzard tlio forgivcuess for which alio pleaded so earnestly. Now, tho best proof that bo borohcr no animosity was shown in tho fact, that on tho dny when, quite » changed man, ho sailed with hi darlinif daughter for Austmlin, ho made her a present of a hundred pounds out of his legacy. TIIK Km Next Strnnco Story, Tho Krumiser Mys tery, will Ira published on Wednesday. 