POINTS. W. B, Waajran told tho tench yesterday : d" Wo d-on'c speak of salaries j we oall it the Ghost,' and it very seldom walks in Briabano." Tr the Government would only run a panto mime in the Polioo Court it would pay. Tbsbb is a great ocntrast between Whyte and Bark, because Whyte looks dark and Bark looks smiling. Tub acoond edition of the K Forty Thiovos" are satd to be "well up to their duties." Yet there aro many tlriie-i ng situations. Twig ? Hbv. Bbbnaiu) Wilson leaves Brisbane this morning with the good wishes und respoots of all men who adraira a genuine worker. Ta-ta-ra. Is is not in overy case whero you oan gat Pain, Luok, and Piioe to alt on you. Wuat ptioe ? Tun House of Lords ia dying out daily- Bedford, Devon, and Ouithneee all snuffed ia a week. Bbishanb bankers playing pool, eh P Bifforeut eort of pool to Bennett's, who is supposod to be in Davy Jones'b looker. It would be tbo best of all fun if Rtdgwny, tbo clown, only bad n oaso in oourt with tho other tboatro people, and did a donblo oat of tho bcx on to tho table and through tho bonoh. That Finanoial Gnarantoe Company looked very well yesterday. The Daotor is, of course, above seeking suoh preteotion. His word is his bond. To bo sure bo bos a .good many of them about. Mb. Pabotll calling back all the wandering -sheep. Will tbey oboy tho oall ? Thomas Gbaob, an -old Crimean veteran, in dirgraoe. Poor Graoo. Tub weather bnreau still says that we are to look ont for squalls ; with rain, of course. Queensland is now showing what sho can do in art, that is by painting. Why painting should rather largely monopo lise the word art is not known ; is, in faot, not -revealed. Tim fire test yesterday was very good; but the firemen looked disappointed. Is it true that tho champion barrister far the labour ltadoro is an employer of coloured jabour ? Is it true tbat Press champions of trade unionism pay low wagea or employ ohoap labour f Is it true that the working men of Queens land aro employing nearly half a hundred agitators, organisers, delegates, and seorotarieaP Ia it truo that tho more dologatos, &o.;, thero are emplojod, tho more men thcro aro out of work P Is it ttuo tbat tho Wharf Labourers' Union intend to block tho Cecil Plains wooi P Is it truo tbat tbo journeymen bakors want eight hours a day, but not 48 hours a wook P Is it truo that this means full eight hours' pay for six or eoven hours' work on ordinary nights, hut overtime pay for all over eight hours on Friday nights ? Is it ttuo that the labour loaders deny that their icfiuenco and activity aro opposed to work and progro's? Is it truo that a £30,000 " job " has been postponed titie die booause of the " gathering dangers that bad existed tor some time past f" Is it truo that "those gathering dangers" are the fotters by which profossioual agitators are trying to onulave capital P Or, le it truo that they arise in part from the fetlero which the Legislature has been putting on trade in tbo formB of dividend duty and in- 01 eased municipal taxation P Ib it truo that most recipients of dividends think tbo companies, not individual share holders, should pay the dividend duty P Thb theatrical oases yesterday made things lively at tho polico oourt. Tun plaoe was Bimply orammed with lawyors, actors and barristers, and for a time tho fun waxed hot. A oketain gentleman who is oonneoted with theatrioal affairs had rathor a warm timo of it in tho box. Hb loBt his temper, and tho barristor who was " agin " him just playod him as ho liked. ANOlsnn witness wanted to pull a forruor witness out of the oourt and provo to him that he was an " nntruther." But tho othor fellow objected, and as the would bo puller out seomod determined, tho henoh hud to ordor him out. Bupbbintbndent Hinion's faoo was a study when ho disoovered yesterday that Mr. Pinuook had been ringing faleo alarms. Tub turnout of iho brigade was certainly a credit to the olty, and Mr. O'Shoa's remark that our brigade waa better than all Yankeo notions contains a lot of truth. GniFFiTn has boon talking to a Molbaurno reporter, who has managed to got over a column of " copy" out of an interview. Hal; of that column deals with the " Blaolr Biothor Question," and anyono wanting to know what Griffith thinks of this mattor will find tho whole of his remarks theroon tonod down In a few Points writton by tho doctor a week before tho intcrviow took place. ANornnn example of the truth " that great mindsruu, &o.;" Fnoland 1b proud of her horoesas tho follow ing instanoo will show : Thomas Gbaob, aged 03 years, a Crimean voferan and a rcoipient of tho Yiotoria Cross, for aota of bravery at tho storming of Sobast- apol, was arrested on a ohargo of vagrauoy. He was found sleeping on a doormat. Enolisb journals Bay that owing to tho ceverity of 'roats, water is frozon. This is no surprising. Thb pyramids aro being aesailod. Tho local sheiks are digging out stouos from the loner oourscs of tho two pyramids of Ghlzoh. Caitain Rossi has appointed himsolf to ohief command of a cathedral at Goulburn, Hew Booth 'Wales. Thb plaoo wob stormed by the Primate, but tho siege had to he raised. Bossi won. SvnNEY journals Bay that Jersey went to ohnroh on 8nndav. That was good of him. More than somo folk did. 