Last Night's Speeches. Fedeeation and anti-federation had a great innings last night in the persons of their chief champions, Sir Henky Parkes and Mr. Or. H. Reid. We do not mean to say that Mr. BEro is against federation in principle, but he is against the Premier's kind of federation, because in his opinion it leaves too little power to the people and too little, above all, to New South 'Wales. His arguments need not be repeated at length because they were from the nature of the case very much the same as those that have been used through out the ?Convention by those here chary of parting -with well.tried liberties. He -was by-th.e-'way , especially- strong on the point that this paper has in sisted on throughout that the proposed constitution seems especially framed so as to produce complicated andinsolvabledead« locks. Mr. Reh- put all- he had to say clearly and forcibly,- and it is a significant fact that he carried the whole of foi« audience' frith him against -what is sup posed by its promoters to be a great and 'well-tinted national movement. Turning to the speech of Sir Henry. Parkes, the well-weighed and solid' argu ments against the Premier's* flans were supplied by Mr. Retd, what was new and of a light and taking kind was sup plied by Sir Henet himself. Sir Henhy's tone last night reminded one of a certain sketch by Dickens, in which a person described as 'our Honorable friend' is shown addressing Jus electors. ' What's he a haiming at?' interrupts a cynic in the audience, ' At the illimitable perspective/' replies 'our honorable friend,' and then the disturber is promptly ejected. The venerable Premier did nothing but aim at the 'illimitable perspective' last night, and if he did not have, those ejected who objected, It was not his fault. We do sot by* the way use ' Illimitable perspective 'asa eupKonism fox that North Shore bridge. . It ap plies to 'other things as well. There is only one session of 1Mb Parlia ment left, and for it -the head of the Government proposes the following pro gramme: The liocal Government Bill, a bill to improve the electoral law — that bill will somehow ox other 'indirectly; further the building of the bridge ' hopes of -which havelieen held wit Sga eo 3a«ay^i«|ttis,a?id will iaoi^&e; itaoale bo£- ihe 'liquor trade, monetary institutions, -and coal_ mines, Improving- the - Civil Serr vice? Act, conserving the rainfall, amending, - the ? judicature 'and -the ?water supply of towns, encouraging fire brigades, preventing overwork and in jury in factories to women and children, establishing an elective Legislative Coun cil, and preventing trade disputes. Sir Hekry incidentally said that he was younger than-meny young men of thirty who interrupted him, but all the Parlia ment -would have to Be young and vigorous and have many sessions before them if they were to carry through this tremen dous load. Does Sir Henhy think that the enthusiasm for ' federa tion is so small that he has to promise all these things in order to get it through, and does he promise more than he can possibly perform in even two or three sessions in the hope ? that the people will keep him in 77-nfrii he has completed his programme ? The last seems a likely surmise, for when promising an elective Council he spoke as though he was planning for sessions ahead and beyond the general election. ' Surely this is one of those calm * aBsumi-- tions which constitute Mm a Grand Old Man.. There is a further point : If all this tremendous amount of work is to be done by Parliament what time is left for the discussion of the Federation details. Mr. Reid, at the close of his address at the Protestant Hall spoke of Sir Henby, having the ambi tion to found the federation edifice before he died. It would seem that if the Premier's well-wishers pray that he may live to found the edifice of the North Shore bridge they will, in view of the tasks he has — in words — -heaped upon himself, they will be hoping for him the age of the patriarchs. A favorite subject of German legend and poetry ie that of ' Charlemagne and the Bridge of Moon beams.' It used to be popularly believed that at certain seasons o£ the year the dead Emperor' revisited the neighborhood of the Rhine, and that on such occasions, through the agency of the moon, the imperial ghost was able to emulate the feat of that saint who 'rode on the beams of the sun.' The moon furnished a bridge — And along the Bridge of Moenbeams was the Monarch seen to go, And from thence he poured his blessing on the royal flood below. There was a comical reminder of this ancient tradition at North Shore* last night, when Sir Henry Parkes as regularly las ever rhe torically flung a bridge across the harbor. Small blame to the Premier's hearers if this passage in his speech was something too much for their gravity, and if they persisted in regard ing 'that bridge' as well nigh as shadowy as Charlemagne's.' Sir Henry brought the laugh in a much less equivocal sense in one of his referencQB to the East Sydney election. Speaking of the probable influence of the rain on the result of the poll, he expressed the opinion that some of those who voted for tha successful candidate were too much accustomed ts heavy wet. Estimated at any rate, by the average quality of the jokes in which Sir Henry indulges, this was not half a bad one. Such an admission is certainly no more than fair to a gentleman who, howeTer wise, ha so very seldom managed to be really witty. Sir Henry said last night that, considering all the useful legislation he had passed, Mr. Heid's blaming Vijt' for omissions was very like anyone*- denouncing Milton, though the author of Pabadisb Lost, # for not having also written Don Juan. These poetical comparisons may be natural to the writer of that little thing about 'freggie' and 'doggie,' though they will be rather absurd to any«ne else. Sir Henry might, however, have put his simile the other way round. Though Paeadise Lost and Don Juan are equally beyond his scope, the bent of his genius lies more in he direction tjf the latter than the former. The defeat of Prince Bismarck as a candidate for the Eeichstag for the constituency of Geeste munde is significant of the change that has passed over Germany in the last few years. It is not very long ago that the socialists were but an insignifi cant' faction in Parliament, now an obscure member of their party — one Schmalfeld — can carry a busy- shipbuilding: constituency near Bremerhaven against the maker of the German Empire. The Emporor will now doubtless per ceire, as his ex-Chancellor perceived long ago, that the socialists are the weak point in the Ger man military edifice. Oh pagod thing of sabre sway 'With head of brass and feet of clay. In that kind of writing by which all over the world people attempt to conceal their thoughts, or, it may be, their lack of thoughts, by the use of long or abstruse expressions, the little phrase fin de siecle is now frequently figuring. No doubt the original in troducers of this catchword into reading: intended for English-speaking people knew not only its literal translation, ' end of the cen tury,' but also its current- French appli cation. It has, however, become haefc neyod enough for every person of experience to be able by this time, looking into futurity with his mind's eye, to see shop windows filled within de siecle hats and neckties, andhear echoing in bis ears the attempts of the vendors of those useful articles to pose before back block customers as the possessors of correct Parisian accent. In these circumstances a word' of advice against the use, anil above all the misuse, of foreign terms where English will suffice may be excusable. First, for fin de siecle, the way the epithet was originally applied was this: Some of the younger literary imitators of M. Zola's naturalism, particularly suchi of. them as expressed , in verse what they were pleased to call naturalism, but .which in other countries the laws .call by another' name, affected with much justice to compare themselves to the Somans of the Decadence, and, what is more, seemed to take an extraordinary pride in. the supposed resemblance. Then they \ were, led to associate their own. deeadent and worn out condition with - the waning of the century, and hence fin de siecle used as an adjective, possibly applicable to very bad and somewhat indecent poetry, but certainly to nothing else. In French slang fin de stick has now* jx^nn -plftcd ' among that long list of.- ex preesions, jnosfcly meaningless or xidieuLeas,£6me et th&atthsoBt; jnapjburalkte), ?which have sneces jfively -tew uttd-to &ma;£hat -or, m it veto, lalwlj that which appertains to the ethart or- to the fast^ectioti- of society. Once eVerything stylish and supposed to bedashing was chic; but .that was long ago. Chic after various intermediary changes was succeeded by the recondite expres sion pschutt et vlan. Persons of fashionable exterior and dissipated manners were pschwtt et 'vlan. J.t was a collective term for gomineux and gommenses — that is, literally rendered, 'gummy ones/* male or female — or* for those who used, in the more early days still, to bo called petits crevds.ov 'little bursted ones.' An alternative term for pschutt et vlan (the expression is not in any dictionary, and therefore its spelling is doubtful) was la havte gomme, ' the high gum %' while those pecu liarly noted for wasting their substance in riotous jLving were known as cascadeurs' and cascadeuses. Now everything is fin de siecle. Mn de siecle implies a mixture of fashion and impropriety. If it be permitted to judge of French slang idioms from a distance, it may be predicated that if any .person walked out fashionably attired, but yet minus important garments, he would be held to have distinguishedbimself by pecu. liarly fin de siecle conduct. There lately appeared an item concerning a chanteuse fin de siecle, who sang at cafes. It is safe to say that she sang im proprieties of a character that would have made the blood of -an earlier generation run cold. While cautioning the Anglo- Saxon against rash struggleswithforeign tongues, particularly French —half the so-called French expressions in ordinary written use as nom de -plume, double entendre Wane-mange, etc., are combinations unknown ia France — it may be mentioned that the Gaul himself is a most hardened offender in the way of improperly annexing and hideously dis figuring the Queen's English. He converts five o'clock into a verb, meaning to take tea at nve o'clock; in short, he 'five o'clocks.' He persists that to five o'clock is the distinguishing habit of that section of English society which he will call le heeg-leef, though it is an 'observance neglected by sportsmans, as also by sportswomans, and only followed by the most selected company. So impressed is he by the glories of the Times newspaper that he will insist on rendering- a certain English proverb ' Times is 'money,' and nothing will con vince h™ that the redundant ' s ' is not as neces sary in English as it is in French. Every people does well to stick to its mother tongue as far as possible. 