GENERALITIES. It 18 seldom that a man ever getsfwiBo enough to know what to do with a huge for tune. The man who never makes mistakes misses a good many splendid chances to learn some thing. A correspondent wants to know how long eels live? About the same time as short eels, we suppose. A Divorce Court that could separate a man and his bad habits ought to find work to do all the year round. The grammar-school girl at the boarding house may be asked to pane the butter but not to analyse it. A man never thoroughly realizes the incon venience of a small town until he has done : something mean. A young lady attending a party should have a female chaperon until she is able to call some other chap her own. "Do you play the banjo?" "Not when there are any people around." "Why not?" "They won't let me." The coming woman will not marry until she is able to support a husband m the style she has been accustomed to at home. The man who knows he was one kind of a fool yesterday very often has a suspicion that he] is some other kind of a fool to-day. She hasher father's eyes," said Chappie ad miringly. " Yes,"sneeredMisg Jellus, "and I suspect she is wearing her mother's hair." "Sea-sickness," saysamodem wit," is like a belief in ghosts; no one will admit that it troubles him, but every one has mifgivinos on the EUbject." A circus never runs too long for the specta tors, but let a sermon run over forty minutes and the congregation can hardly manage to control their profanity. The young man who knows enough to leave early, bring candy for her brother, and make love to her parents, will not find .the course of true love so very rough. "Bridget, I cannot fallow you to - receive your lover in the kitchen any longer." "It's very kind of you, ma'am, but he is almost too bashful to come into the parlour." " The most graceful of domestic animals is the cat, while the most awkward bird is the duck," says an observer of nature; but it won't do to use these facts for a basis if you want to call a woman pet names. . A New York surgeon who has made a speciality of nerve centres says the music of a hand organ is pleasant to at least ninety-nine out of every hundred people, falling upon the nerve centres and the tympanum of the ear with soothing elfect. He says that when you meet a person who cries out against this sort of music you can safely put him down as a falsifier and deceiver. Tommy passed the parlour door just as his ieter and her lover were concluding a con erence about something, overhearing the re mark "will put our heads together and see what we can do." Entering the library he heard lus father remark of the spooning pair, 'they're a crack-brained couple anyway." 'Guess they're all mended now, pop," said Tommy, " eause I just heard 'em say they'd put their heads together." A Methodist minister onoe started a Church n a young Western town, but for want of pecuniary support was soon obliged to abandon it. His farewell sermon to the lukewarm brethren was characterized by- more heat than elegance. He ended thus—"At the last day the Lord will say to St. Peter,' Where is your fiook?' and St. Peter will' answer, 'Here, Lord,' and so all of the shepherds can answer. But when the Lord asks me, 'Whereare your - sheep?' how will you feel when I am compelled to reply, ' Lord, I haven't any; mine are a) hogs.' '• The Incorporated Law Society lately refused to allow a solicitor to admit his daughter into the profession. Perhaps it is as well, or very likely we should have something like this:— Family Lawyer—Broken it on with Miss Sharpe, eh ?—the lady solicitor ? That's bad ! Client—-Bad! I should think it was. Why, I'll be hanged if she hasn't Bent me in a bill for all the interviews we've had, and hundreds of six and cigbtpences for all the letters she's written me; and the usual coBts for reading mine. And she's going to bring an action for breach of promise! An old Irishwoman who kept a fruit-stall had some water melons given to her, which ■he exposed for sale. A smart Yankee, wish ing to " take a rise" out of the old lady, took up one of the melons and said "These are small apples you grow over here. In America we have them twice the size." The woman slowly removed the pipe she was smoking from between her lips, and coolly surveyed her enquirer from head to foot for a second or two; then in a tone of pity she exclaimed "Be jabers, sorr, you must be a stranger in Ireland, and know very little about the fruit of our counthry, whin you can't tell apples from gooseberries!" A stout and very red-faced woman of middle age, liberally besprinkled with diamonds, alighted from an oppressively new Victoria in front of a swell jeweller's shop on Broadway, New York. She stared a long time at a collec tion of odd spoons in the window, and then sailed in and up to the nearest clerk. " What kind of spoons are thim?" she demanded, sticking a pudgy forefinger at the articles in question. _ "Those are souvenir spoons, Madame," politely replied the clerk. "In dade," said madame, drawing in her breath. "Well, you may just do me up a dozen of thim. Our new Frinch cook makes lovely souveneer." 