UNDER THE VERANDAH. Politios are being played down vory low in this colony. Amongst the meanest of Ameri can politicians it is considered a mean thing to " hit a man where ho lives that is to say, to attack liim through his female relations. Some times this rulo is broken in tho heat of party conflict, where tlic reputation of a man's wife happens to bo shady, but it lias been resorved for Mr. G. D. Carter to go further afield aud to scektogetat an opponont through bis mothor- in-law. Tho other night in Parliament he challenged Mr. Onttrim's bond fides over the Licensing Arbitration Bill by insinuating that tho boil, member's motber-in-lnw was interested in ouo of the Maryborough "pubs," whioh might he benefited by tho removal of competi tors, as ordered under tho recent looal option vote. If this system of espionage is to be oncouragcd a moarbor will find himself liablo to bo suddenly assailed because of things done, or loft undone, by "his sisters, liis cousins and his aunts." "His motlier-in-law is bonofitod," said G. D. O., "if opponents are shut up." "Some men might be benefited," remarked Mr. M'Intyro, "if their mothers-in-law would shut up. " I rise to add that sooiety at largo might be benefited when members shut up. Is it not ratber malicious to invite a member of the Government to a friendly feed and then spoil his digestion by attacking his political weaknesses ? This is what they did to tho Post master-General at Komsey, and no ono can be astonished at Mr. Duffy reminding his onter- tainers " there was a propor timo nnd plnce for discussing polities. " Tho banquot being got up in honor of Sir William Clarke, ono of tho orators, Mr. W. Wilson, oonsidered it might bo complimentary to a baronet to intimate liis con viotion that — "All men are not equal, have never been so, and nover will bo in this world, and probably will not bo in tho next either." This should be ooneoling to tho guest of tho evening. Ho knows that ho is well placed bore, but may have doubted occasionally if liis title will be suitably recognised when ho goes "up nloft." Now ho realises on Romsoy authority that the gates will be thrown vory wide open wlion the ghost of Sir William approaches, and that he will bo offered a spocial harp and aoom- fortable anshion. " Mako room thorn for Sir William," St. Peter will shout but, One man two seats." A New South "Wales telegram in The Age to- ports that " Mr. Soo, after the adjournment for too," movod the House into Committee and delivered his budget spcooh. The inoident has moved oar greatest living poet to bnrst forth in song, and he has kindly favored mo with a copy of his muso'a delivorancc, accompanied with tho remark that it is " not necessarily for pub lication." Iain spooially onjoined not to mon- tion the namo of the author, but as no similar injunotion nttaohea to his initials I may notify that theso are E. G. F. : — Mr. See, After swallowing tea, Delivered aspcech in nil eloquent key, Announcing that ho Was an author! to. He offered objections to trado that is frco "Protection," says he, " Will bettor agree With my chances of collaring more £. s. d. Still, our duties will be Not hoary, butwee, And we take every farthing from off your Bobca. Sol think you will see, After listening to me, That there's singular force In the Government's plea ; And how good it will bo . If you lot matters gee And trust in tbo future to me, Mr, See." My correspondent authorises me to. Bay that ho can turn out a lotmoro poetry liko this ifit is wanted. Au evening contemporary has ovidently an enterprising reporter on its staff with an in- satiablo appetite for news, or ho would nevor have boon putin possossionof thoaatoundinginfor- mation— ovidontly to got rid of him— that tho auditors engaged in a building sooiety in vestigation believed that, after all, the arrested defalcator would be found to have a olaim on the society— that, in faot, ho had robbed him self instead of the public. In Amerioa.evcn a hanging must bo hurried occasionally to meot the exigcnoics of tho evening papers. Accord ing to a story told in a little book just published on Tho Humorous Sido of Reporting, tho representative of a Brooklyn journal displayed an enterprise rare even in Yankeo journalism. Going to witness an exeoution one morning, ho found the criminal was not to he hanged till mid-day, an arrangement altogether incom patible with the despatch of his report in proper time. Hastening to tho shoriff ho implored that offioinl to ordor the ceremony for an hour oarlior. This was nt first sternly refused, but tlio reporter finally coaxed a consent out of him conditional on the person ohiefly concerned offering no objection. To intcrviow the criminal was an oasy matter. Drinks were ordered, and tho pressman made bimsolf so agreeable that tbo man finally declared "bo did not mind obliging so pleasant a fellow." Tho affair was hurried over, and tho 2 o'clook edition was "saved." Correot spoiling of Chinoso names is ns hard a thing to master as it is to understand what the Mikado would term tho " humorous " style of thoir slaughters and revolts. Trying to get tho hang of tho situation, I havo consulted atlases and enoyclopaidias, gazoteors nnd official records, and my results aro of tho mo3t perplexing order. I tore iny hair in dospcratiou ns a provinco I fancied I had spotted masquer aded under different spelling, as Cheelco, Chili, Petchili nnd Nanchili ; and a plaoo notorious for a recent outbreak appeared respectively ns Tako, Takow, Taku, Takao. It is evident the Cbineso attach no importance to orthography ; you pay your money nnd you tako your choice is thoir idea. But it ia a serious thing to mo, for during my frantio search after finality i found myself confronted with two doctors hastily summonod by my family. My excited gestures and wild exclamations betokened insanity, it was supposed, and I was loft to explain to my modical advisera how—" It was all that cursed Cbineso spelling, which was enough to drivo a fellow mad in tho midst of an article with the priuter's dovil wnitihg." Political corruption soems to bo spreading in Canada. A parliamentary, eleotion oamo off lately in tho distriot of Keawntin, and was hotly contested up to tho hour of nomination by a man named Nipper, who vohemontly espoused tho cnuso of the " masses" against a nominee of the "classes," Mr. James Stalkforth. Nipper went in strong for tho programmo drawn out by tho labor unions, and was supposed to havo a fair chance of success, until tho nominations were recorded when, lo! it wa3 discovered that Mr. Stalkforth had a walk over, as Nippor was scratched. Tho prcciso amount of tho chcquo that passed between the parties lias not been made public, but tboso " in tho know " assort that it totalled 4000 dol. Evon at "that figure Stalkforth got in cheap, as tho probability is a contested cleotion would have cost him flvo times tho sum, with a chauce of being boaten thrown in. Nipper is on tho look out for another constituency wliieh wants a reliable radical candidate, and has boon heard to express liis fixed determination to becomo a member of Parliament or mako bis fortune. It is very sad to bo told, just when we imagined tho Post Oflico oloclc was beginning to be under stood of tho general publio that tho wear and tear and stress put upon tho works by their adaptation to the new dials have been too muali for thoir constitution, and that tiio bearings arc rapidly disintegrating into brass filings. It may bo that, liko bo many other institutions, it only wants "winding up " to make it go all right. Of oourse, in tho present stato of tho Treasury, if Mr. Munro is asked for a now olook ho will give liis stereotyped answer of " no funds," nnd wo shall bo reminded day and night of tho faat, aud grow malanoholy upon it, if the chief tiinckcopor in the eity stops " never to go again." It hnB been 'suggested as a way of getting round Mr. Munro, that the old olook could be sent to Geo- long, but they don't want an illumina tod clock there, for the gas oompany complains it is im possible to mnko any profit out of tho slcopy inhabitants, ns thoy "go to bod so early." Happy Papun ! How fow countries aro tlioro whioh could strengthen their polieo by tho help of tho inmates of their gaols ! This is what happened in New Guinea, according to the report of tho Government Administrator. Sir "William Macgrogor boing in want of an escort, Mr. Gleoson, hoad gaoler and overseer at Port Moresby, accompanied him with a dozen prisonors, Tho conduct of tho3a men, wo aro told, was oxcellcnt, nnd thoy rendered yooman'a Bqrvico to tho polioo in capturing refractory natives nnd punishing wrongdoers. It reminds ono of tho stories told of the early days of gaol kcoping at Hobart. The governor used to let woll bolmvcd prisonors go out for tho day to do odd jobs in tho town, but thoy wore warned that if tliey were not book by 8 o'clook in the ovening thoy would bo shut out. ' A few minutos before dosing timo there used to be quite a rush back to "quod." I oonsonted. I was told there would bo plonty of good wholesome food nnd ohoico " tipple," and I wont. ; I knew there were to be bag-pipes, but I paid an organ man a trifle to grind in the back yard for tbroo days previously, and thought I was prepared to stand anything. It was quito jolly at first, and I had almost "fbrgotton. all about St. Andrew, and tho raison d' Ire of tho gathoring, when suddenly there was a combined screech nnd grunt, tbo like of which I had not heard since tho oirous stoam calliope left. It was the sdvanoe of the pipors. I stuok nay feet firmly under tho table footboard and hold my ground. The olamor grow worso and worse, and I discerned in the background a wretohed Scot carrying something, when there was a shout— "the haggis." Then I fled. Pipes I could have borne, and porhaps tho approaoh of "haggis." But tho two together were too much for me. This is to explain to tho kind friend who took me tho oauso of my sudden bolting. ___ ATTICUS. 