LADIY- C HETWYND'B -SPECTRE, SHAPTER XXXV. THE POTTE5ALL BUST. , 'It's all up :for to night,'she mattered in her Hindoo tongue. 'I must bide my time and watch my ehanoe. It will come soon, if I am ready. This pale faced young girl, with her baby face, shall'not crowd my young mis tress from her; rightful position as Lady of Ohetwybd. I will destroy her as I would an insect.' She shobk her head in fierce menac ing at the Abject of her hatred,and then growing nfindfnl of her own safety,and not wishiig to risk an encounter with Gilbert Monk, she crept on the narrow spirial satirceee to the upper room and the balcony crouching there in the shadowsrAnd awaiting a chance of sceape, She hPbd not long to wait. Theyouth ful m chioness and Monk en tered tle chalet and the old East Indian. Joman darted down the outside staircase on the instant, and was away in the shadow of the trees almost with the rapidity of thought. She concealed herself in a secure position at a little distance, at a point commanding a view of the door of the chalet.' . Her escape was immediately dis covered.T Bernice had informed Monk of thesieg'o she had endured in his absence. and on entering the chalet Monk's first movement was to search thoroughly for Ragee. He examined the closets. the spiral staircase, the up per room, and the balcony and returned ed to Bernice with the information that the old woman had escaped. I ,'Youi are safe now with me, Berg nice,' he 'said. Rages has hurried homeI am positive. She would not dare to- isk a meeting with me. You are pale and worn out. Let me taae you from this place as soon as possible. Flack has been staying in the neigh. bourhood since he brought me the news of your departure from Mawr OCstle, and i found him on the edge of the park as I went to the house. I sent him to Ohetwynd by Sea for a carriage, and he will drive you to Eastbourne directly. He is to be in waiting at the lower gate of the park, nearest' the village. Here are your clothes. It will be well to lay aside those wet garments as soon as poa sible: -Bernice assented, and Monk went outside the chalet and closed the door. Yoang Lady Obhetwynd secured it on itsjinier side, again barricaded the her wet garmaents fordry ones as- ra. pidly as the swollen and painful state of her sprained wrist would allow. She was soon warmly clothed. She rolled . up her damp garments and packed them into her travelling-bag. tier white silk robe, which had so ably served in her appearance as a spectre, was quite dry. She examined it carefully. It had been gathered up about her waist when she had fallen into the lake,and was not torn nor damaged. She had not worn it during her occoup ancy of the lonely garret, and it would have been still in good order but for the fact that the wetting it had receive had somewhat diLoloured it. She was abouttoroll up the gown when Monk knocked cautiously upon the door. Dropping the garment. Bernicehastened to admit him. 'I am almost ready, Gilbert,' she said 'I have only to pack this dress.' 'That dress has served your purpose Bernice.' said Monk 'yon will not want It longer. Give it to me will you c noti'a 'What can'you want of it, Gilbert? Youwant to make sure that I shall e play the ghost no more at Ohetwynd Park? I cannot promise that I shall c oýit ;do' that, and I cannot give up lhe drees.' She rolled up the robe deftly, and thrust it into her travelling bag. She a was attired in her broaze gray cash more robe and jacket, and it only re- r mained to put on her bat. While she a was thus completing her attire, Monk v pout out the remaing fire,scattering the e embers on the hearth, and extinguished e the lantern, which he restored to the a closet from which he hadwithdrawn it. Then he arranged the furniture, which a Bernice had piled up in the form .of a barricade, in its usual order, and con- a ducted young Lady Ohetwynd out of the chalet. SThey halted outside while ha locked the door, and Bernice then placed her arm in his, and they moved onamong the shadows, keeping a vigilant and apprehensive look out around them. The girl's recent terror was still strong upon her, and Gilbert Monk knowing as she could not, the wicked and piti 1as nature of the old Hindoo woman, htilf expected to see Bernice fall at his side under the knife thrust.o-bulle?t?if the Iurking "asasslinT"l But no attack was made upon the young marchionees, They wound along the narrow and dusky paths avoiding the wider moonlit avenues and one or or twice they halted at some rustic seat that Bernice might rest; but at last they approached the lower end o? the park, and the small gate leading out upon the open highway. 'I always carry a key to this gate,' said Monk, producing the key in ques tion from his pocket. I generally cross the park when I go to the village, Mgpwe ap eo a4 tiof wi ?Bg, . spears, tipped with bronze like the fence, which had been modelled after the fence-if farce it may be called inclosing the Imperial gardens at Paris. Monk unlocked and opened it, and led Bernice out into the public road. As he had said,the fly was in waiting. It was an antiquated vehicle that might have been a relic of the days of the Georges, and was drawn by a big bony horse which stood pawing the ground restlessly. Flack was on the box, whip in hand. He raised his hat to the young lady and his master. Monk assisted Bernice into the vehicle. He hesitated about accum panying her to Eastbourne. He feared leathe should be missed from the Park, and he had another task to do on this night-a task which he dreaded, but demeed necessary to the success of his plans, and even to his own well being. But he dreaded not to run any risk of losing Bernice again. To place her safely in the hands of Mrs Growl was the first and most important movement to be made. Upon the safe custody of Bernice all his plans lingered. He decided therefore to accompany her to Eastbourne. 'To Mrs Orowl's lodgings, Flack,' he ordered in a low voice, with a piercing glance round him. 'And be lively. We've a long drive before us and I have other business ton hand to night.' He sprung lightly into the vehicle and closed the door. The fly rolled heavily along the road on its way to Eastbourne. Ly Ohetwynd by Sea. It was was not yet out of sight,when the dusky withered face of the old Hindoo woman was pressed against the spears of the gate, and bead like eyes glittered as Bagee muttered 'To Mrs Orowl's I A long driveI He must be going to Eastbourne, ehi To Mrs Growl's lodgings'at Eastbourne I'm going to Eastbourne to morrow. She laughed softly, a strange, low, hissing laugh. She was about to retrace her steps to the great house when a sudden remem. branco of Monk's later words recurred to her. ' He said he had other business on hand to-night,' she said to herself with a star. ' What busineesel. find that he is deeper than I thought. Bo'll bear watching. I'll know what his ' other business' is. Missy won't be troubled if I am absent all night. She trusts me. So I'll wait and watch him! He'll be ba-k at this gate by two o'clock and I'll be here too.' She sought out a place a deeper sha dows and crouched upon the ground, wakeful anl watchful, her eyes gleam ing turugo?.-.ea.clm' like the eyes of a waiting beast of piey;-nuuur-.u. settled herself to waitwith thepatience of her race and sex, Meanwhile the antiquated fly and occupants were proceeding swiftly along the road to Chetwynd-by-Sea. Monk put out his head when they passed the rectory and the church. His ' business' lay at the Ohetwynd parish church, and he was in haste to return and enter upon it. Bernice look also out upon they othic church with its slender gray stone spire, and she shuddered, and said ' Oh Gilbert how much I owe you! I cannot think of the horrorof my being buried alive without growing frightened and trembling. You have saved my life twice, and I owe you a debt of gratitude greater than I can ever pays' 'I ask no pay but your confidence and trust. Bernice,' replied the schemer byI want you to realize that I am you rest friend, and that my highest object in life is to secure your happiness and comfort.' 'I do feel it,' said Bernice, fervently a tremor in her sweet young voice, and I do trust you, Gilbert. No broth could be tenderer to a sister,more care ful of her, more loving than you have i been to me.' 'Monk pressed her bhand respectfully as a brother might have done. Bernice was sitting in the sheen of the moon's rays, and her pure, proud face, dark and clear like a purse, pale and olive was turned towards Monk. Her sen sitine lips were touched with vivid scarlet. Her eyes of soft dusk gleedw and buried under her broad frank t brows and. her dusky hair fell around her shoulders in floating waves. t Her wonderful beauty made a sudden and striking impression upon Gilbert SMonk. He had see her often during t the past year, and had watched the unfolding of her glorious loveliness, but he had never appreciated the change in her as at this moment. 'By Jove l'he thought ' she's as proud and pure and noble in character as she wonderfully beautiful, I wonder--I wonder-' In all his life Gilbert Monk had never thought of love. He had intended to-msrryi rich-wife but only for the sake of securing td himself luxury and position. In all his schemes concerning Bernice he had never once thought of love. But now as helooked upon her vivid beauty, so rare so sweet so pure, sudden thrill, shot through his sluggish veins,.and quickened the beat ing ofhis heart. It was the thrill of an awaking love. They entered Eastbourne after their brisk drive and Flack drove.into the retired street which Mrs Orowl had taken lodgings. The fly presently halted before the door of a three storied brick house one of a. row of isiar b91 ' . I a This is the place,' said Monk, open e ins the door of the carriage .nd r springing out. 'l'll rouse up Mbr Ornwl before you alight, Bernice.'| f He pulled up his coat collar abou his d face, and drew down his hat vea his brows, as he knocked loudly on. the ; door of the lodging house. The sum* Smons was answered by Mrs Oiowl e herself, who appeared with a light, in y her dressing gown and slippers. d She did not look in the least ,si'" prised at seeing Monk or the cari I. riags. S*' Miss Gwyn is arrived,' said?nfokr his words intended for any ears' that ,e might be listening. \- Mrs Growl led the way upstair d Bernice and Monk following:' The woman urhered thea into a pleant n little parlour, where lights and a fira I, were burning, and drew up an easy If chair before the hearth, Bernice rank I- into the chair tired and very pal , y 'Miss Gwyn has sprained her jit, o said Monk you will know how tolreri a the ailment Mis Orowl, without, lie; t in a physician. To-mo'row. evenind a Mice Gwyn will be able to start fore i. Mawr Castle, and you will tbkis tbs r express for London. Vou will it'sp st a quiet hotel in to-sn to.morrow niohl ,'and continue your journey next da, I a will be in London also to morrow e evening-going up by the "same a train with you in fact to?:mash \- all sure. -We will meet at "the station. And now good nights He bent over Bernice and kissed her. Then be took his leave asd hurried down to the waiting earrials and set oution his return to (hietvynd Sby Sea. S' I am sorry about this spectre l.i a ness,' he said.to himself, uneanily rei a called to the present reality. ' lt? a pity that Bernice took to playi a 1 ghost at the Park. All I fear is thathe T may get uneasy, and make an exsanin ation of Lady Chetwynd's coffi. the stones are in yet. I must prepre the vault for his visit, and 1 nat prepare it to night.' When the fly arrived upon the kill overlooking the village of Chetwnd I by Sea, Monk called to the driverto stop. Theorder was promptlyhb'd. t Monk alighted, and exclaimed.'; ' You can drive on Flack an4 rarn I the fly to,the inn. 1'll walk homiend I stretch my legs after this lon? de. You need not come to the s'.to morrow. Pay your bill at th :,in e the morning and go to Es Be, I You are to take charge of Mi wyn and Mrs Crowl, and have the the station to morrow night. I go up to London by the same tr He dismissed his confederate a wave of his hand, and the iole I assed on in the distance. t and into the sile illge. V into the lonely churchyard, crept to the little shaded stone porch, a ?t himself into the church. It wa n about two o'clock in the mornin Itwaspast four when he e d from the church, and looked frojhe I shadow of the porch up and dow)Ib I street. The morning was dark and hlly. I He pulled up his coat collar and ouh I ed his hat over his eyes. Ic one was yet abroad in the neighborhoid, and atthe rectory and the hodu op, posits the church no one was asti +` 'I should have been throughiefore this,'he thought, nervously. Isppose I I shall be seen 'but I must put, bold I face on it. Here goes!' ' He dodged out of the porci into I the shadow of a gravestone,and iesing from one to another gained the zeet. He walked out at the gate cisly, I half disguised or rather with hi face I half concealed by his protecting :ollar I and hat. No one saw him as iteems I ed and he breathed more freellwhen I he had gained a safe distance fra the church. He walked rapidly noook- I ing behind him. a At an upper window of th?inn, Flack stood in shirt sleeves and fgeral dishabille,when he beheld his emulayer hasten past with averted face. es, I pits the fact that his face was ned I away,Flack knew him. ' Where's hejbeen prowlinglall thlime I I wonders' thought the fellow. '1 on't know all his business yet. Per s I might do a good thing for mysel if I were to look into his history a ttle; and I might do a good thing for self too in finding out something nore about Miss Gwyn., She's b a mystery to me from the first. If put t my finger intolMr Monk's pie I' sure I to draw out a plum.' Monk wenton through the lgeg and aseended the hill beyond. A the I lower gate of the park he halted nd I let himself in, and hurried alo the more obscure paths towards the ouse. The old Hindoo woman had chad 1 end waited for him all these houri. She eaw him enter the park, and one ance I at him assured her that his ther business' had been accomplished She arose from her crouching positi and I followed him stealthily homewa. 'i've made a failure of it afte all,' the old woman muttered. 'His busti 1 ness lay in the village. It co erns my lady in some way. But wh was itl I'd like to know Gilbert onk's schemes, but they all hinge a'that girl. He means to preserveh r life I mean to destroy it Which will tin' OHAPTER XXXVI. IN TuE IlIDBT Ol Ere E-EI i. The kitchenmaids were astir,d old 1l Ragee watching her opportunityJ ex nerieancd no dif8iculty in~p~ siPpltgi en the oun useen, at the servants' en d trance. She glided up to the apart 0 me1sa of her mistress whom she found, sleeping. She passed on to her 0is own room and changed her garments les ad flung herself on the bed, dropping he asleep. it was eomewhere about eight o'clock wl when Miss Monk's bell summoned her. o Sh was arlight sleeper, awaking at a sound or touch, and now started up IN broad awake upon the instant. She ,r folded her turban afresh, and hastened tothe bed chamber of her mistress. k Miss Monk was in bed, her head t laying back upon her pillows, a fretful expression on her swarthy face. She Swass annoyed and curious, and she he exclaimed petulantly-. at 'Why did you not sleep in my a room last night as usual Ranee? Why I were you not here to undress mel I k kept awake till near morning from sheer terror. I cannot be alone and yen t know it' ,t 'Yes missy,' said the Hindoo sooth ingly. 'I expected to be back to wait upon you as usual, but I went out into the park last evening for a walk 1, and I got locked out-that's all. I've i just got in missy. it ' Itsgeo said Miss Monk, abruptly, l if you werein the park all night, it e oust have been for a purpose. Did you also see the-the ghost last night in the parkl Lord Chetwynd came into the drawiug room at a late hour last night, after my visitors were gone, and said that he had again seen her I Bernice! He saw her in the park,dressed in white and looking ethereal and nn real in the moonlight. He talked excitedly about her. He said he was convinced that it was no illusion that he saw her glorified spirit. Those were his very words, and as he is so thoroughly aroused and excited he may come upon a hint of the truth: Did you see her!' 'Yes, missy, I saw her.' Miss Monk leaned forward in uncon trollable excitement. 'Well I' she questioned eagerly. ' What was shel A ghost or a wo manu' 'A woman missy. You remember I proved that on that night I seized her shawl tearing it from her?' 'Yes, yes. And. you found this ghost to be a living woman, What womanl Some adventures who means to trade upon her likeness to Bernice Chetwynd I Some lunatic in whose beauty we fancy a resemblance to Ber nice and who has innocently played the ghost at Ohetwynd Parkl' 'You know it is neither of these, missy,' said the old woman. It was my lady herself. Miss Monk's face whitened in terror. 'You know it.' she whispered. held her in my arms; I dragged er to the skaters' chalet, and took her up to the high balcony. I talked with her. She called me by my name, but re fused to acknowledge herself to be Lady Ohetwynd. She is changed crown beautiful- dangerously so; but there is still the same look in her frank, brown eyes and I could not be mistaken. She is my lady sure enough.' 'And knowing her )on let her gol' 'Knowing this I seized her suddenly and flung her over the balcony into the lake. She hurt herself in falling, bun still struck out and swam away. I waited till I saw her sink, and then I ran from the spot.' 'And she is dead-drowned?' 'No I was foolish. I should have strangled hers Why did fling her into the water, which was to her as her native element1 But for the injury to her arm, she would have swam out and danced upon the bank and mocked me. Bit the eril fates sent Gilbert Monk there in search of her. He knocked me down-I'll be even with him for it and swambut and rescued my lady.' She hastened to relate the further adventures of the long night. Miss Monk listened in breathless eager. ness. 'Gilbert is at the head and front of this apparition buaineas,' said Sylvia at length. And yet why should he wish to ruin mel He rescued her from tke tomb. It's all plain to me now. Aid he has some object in defending her. But what can it be. He did not love her.' 'I can see into the mystery,' said the old'Hindoo woman, her dusky face glittering. 'The truth is Gilbert has found out the secret. She is of nosble blood-one can tell that by her bh'ohtly air, her patrician beauty,her highbreeding. She looks like's princess at the least. I can see Gilbert's game now. He means to allow you to marry my lord, and he will then restore my lady to her own frienda and relatives, and feather his own nest.' S'But what will then become of met I should be no wife II should be set adrift?-? 'Yes missy, but perhaps Mr Gil" bert would not permit things to goiso far. Perhaps he will not allow you to marry my losd. Gilbert is a selfish fellow, and means to look out for him self, and he won't care what becomes of you. I~think he brought my lady here to play ghost. I think he means to exact a good price from my lord, and from Lady ahetwyndrelatives andthen restore her to them as one from the dead,' a~l: mo eoussorieq 'What shall we do'ashe whispered. 'What shall we do Rageer - 'Leave it to me. We must not suffer Gilbert to suspect how much we know of his plans. I will out-wit him I and destroy the girl. Leave it to me I eay. My lady is at 'Mrs Growls lodgings,' at Easbourne. You must send me to Eastbourne to.day,to match 4 some of your embroideries or trimmings or something,' ' But he will not keep her at East bourne where she is known. He will take her to London, and conceal her there until he is ready to disclose the fact that she lives.' 'Then I'll go to London too,' said Hindoo with a resolute gleam in her eyes. 'I'll be more than a match for him. Miss Monk allowed herself to be dressed in her luxurious Eastern style and at nine o'clock was ready for her breakfast. She bade Rages await her return to her chamber, and descended to the breakfast room. Lord Chetwynd was already there, and Gilbert Monk followed her in immediately,looking somewhat haggard and wearied, Miss Monk was very amusing, with forced gayety but Obhetwynd was un usually silent and abstracted. ' Anything I can do for you in town SylviaT inquired Monk, carelessly as he received his second cup of coffee at the hands of the waiter. Have you any commands for jewellery, dress maker, bootmaker, or milliner? I shall be pleased to execute any wish you may entertain. I am going up to London to night.' 'Ah indeed I' said Miss Monk. 'I, you will inquire when my opal bracelet will be finished, I shall be obliged. Shall you begone long1' 'A day or so-possib'y a week. Scotsby and Newman expect me, and business'is business you know.' Lord Chetwynd made no allusion to the 'spectre' of the previous evening, and he scarcely spoken even in response to Sylvia's gay remarks. His grave stern face was not very encouraging to Gilbert Monk but that young man after breakfast followed his lordship to the library, and coolly asked him for a loan of two hundred pounds. The loan was readily granted, and a cheque for the amount was placed by Monk in his pocket book with the expression of apparently the most sincere grati tude. 'I apply to you as a brother, you know, Chetwynd,' said Moak. in his boyish way. 'I'll pay you some day if 1 am able. And I'll never forget you kindness. You look glum. Pardon me Ohetwynd but I trust that you hav'n't quarrelled with Sylvias 'By no means,' returned Lord Chet. wynd hastily, his fair face:flushing. 'I am not myself to day that's all. 1 0no?5tee?w d-.4 .'ntreturun to the house lastnight before I retiied,filbert. How long were you out? Did you see anything of-of the spectre.' 'Nothing whatever. I was out until after midnight, searching the park. I had a suspicion that your lordship might have been the sport of some beautiful unprincipled woman who desired to trade upon her resemblance to Bernice, or that some enemy of your lordship's might have been playing a a trick upon you. I think your former explanation is the true one, that you are not well, and that yourspectre is but an optical illusion.' Ohetwynd shook his head. 'I shall see Hartright to-day,' he said quietly. 'But I know that the beautiful vision that haunts me is not the freak of a disorded imagination. And the face I saw last night-and have seen before-is not the face of an 'unprincipled woman.' It is the face of an angel. Monk.' added his lordship abruptly,' if I had not myself laid my darling in the tomb-if I had not seen her face day after day in her coffin- if did not absolutely know that she is dead-I should think that there had been some hideous mistake, and that my darling lives.' 'The 'spectre' must must have been strangely like Lady Chetw3 nd to leave an impression like that.' 'ton are wrong. It was not so like my darling Gilbert. The spectre has a beauty which my Bernice lacked,but the same glorious soul that animated my darling looked out from the pure and lovely face of this-this ghost! Bernice in heaven must look like this radiant vision.' 'Perhaps,' suggested Monk,,'there is truth in the theories of the return of spirits. Talk with the rector and the doctor Obetwynd.' 'I will. I sea you think me fanciful Gilbert. Perhaps 1 am,' and he sighed. Monk soon after took his leave. Lord Ohetwynd paced the floor after his departure, with his head dropped low on his breast, and murmured 'Did ever man before marry one woman with all his soul bound up in another, I wonder I ] begin to shrink from this projected marriage with Sylvia. It seems as if Bernice meant to reproach me for my haste, yet she desired me to marry Sylvia after a year of mourning had passed. Why does she come back to me? If I were not bound ( in hononr to marry Sylvia., I would withdraw from the marriage even now. My poor lost darling I My only lovel Oh that I had her back again I' The aspiration seemed to him but madness, Tb. atoued 