THE WHITE DEVIL. A MEXICAN SUPERSTITION. The Story of a Notorious Bandit. Ore day as the freight train running from San Francisco to San Joso rumbled around a sharp curve just outside oi the city of San J ose a white horse sprang on the track and raced down toward the town in front oi the engine. For a mile the train did not gain on hitn ; then the unequal footing of the cross tics and the pace began to toll on tho white steed, and the engine crept slowly up to him. Tho engineer gave a few shrieks of the whistle to scare tho horse from tho track, but he kept right on in front, running with tho speed of a racer, with his long tail streaming in a straight line behind him. Tho engineer saw a stock gap in front half a mile away, and. again pullud tho whistle. Tho horse simply let out a few links and went on. The engineer got mad. Ho pulled the throttle open and went after the white phantom at a 30-miles-an-hour clip. He was a bare 100ft. behind the horso when the animal reached the Btock gap and plnnged in among the open ties and fell. The pilot struck liitn, ground the lifo out of him in au instant and then ploughed into the dirt on the opposite side of the track. Tho engineer swore a few choice ooths and jumped out oi the cab. The horse was as deAd. qs a door nail and tho engine had left the rails. "Another suit for the company," Baid tho conductor us ho came up. " How did you do it, J im ?" "Oh, I don't know," answered Jim in a surly way. " The brute got oil the track and just stayed there i ill I struck him. He was possessed of the devil, I gueBS." They had to send to San Joso for the wrecking engine to put tho train back on the rails, and while they were waiting a Mexican rode along tho road besido tho track. Ho pulled up his broncho to see the wreck. . " Caramba, sonor," ho exclaimed, turniog pale and trembling, "it es Vasquez' horse." And he mounted hie pony us quickly as possible, and sped off down the road. " Who tho deuoo is Vasquez?" asked Jim. "From the way that Greaser got a push on hiniBcli you'd think we'd killed a ghost," " If that's Vasquez' horso, as the Greaser said, you have killed a Mexican ghost," said the conductor, and he walked over and looked at the dead animul lying under the front wheels of the engine. It was Vasquez' horse. Tho whole country knew it the next day. Ho was 20 years old and totally blind when he met his death in front of the freight train, and for 10 years had roamed over the unoccupied land abont the lower part of Santa Clara County free as a bird and feared by the Mexicans more than a lion. Ho was called by them the " white dovil," and it was their belief that he was possessed of a soul mortgaged to tho evil one— the soul of Vasquez. It is u strange talc that the old Mexican mothers tell of this white horse. Vasquez was tho most no, ted bandit of tho e irly days of California. Ho bid defiance to tiie law, eluded the detectives and search ing parties for years, and killed aqd robbed half a hundred men. He roamed over the State of California from the north to tho south, leaving desolation and death in his wake. He surrounded himself with a band of desperate Mexicans, and terrorised entire communities. Lono travellers by day and by night were stopped on the road and re lieved of their casii aud often ot their lives. A quiet villago in the San Joaquin Valley would .be awakened at tho dead of night by the rusli of sounding hoof-beats. Tiniid men would pull the covers abouc'th'eir heads aud shiver. 1 Next day the principal store in the place would bo found open, tho safe robbed, valuable goods taken, and the guar dian, if it had any, dead with a bullet- in his head or a knife wound in his heart. Vasquez had b.-en there. One day tho 6tage was rattling down tho road from one of the mountain mines. The Wells-Fai-go box was heavy with bullion and half a dozen armed guards sat in the coach, Tiie driver sat on the box with a Winchester between his knees and chatted with another guard who sat besido him balancing a shot gun across his lap. They were talking of Vasquez. " They say he alicrs rides a white boss and dresses like a dandy," said tho driver. " Wish't he'd jump ther gun- site stage onc't when the boys is aboard." Two horsemen dressed in tho tinseled Mexican cavalier costume rounded a turn iu tho road just in front of tho Btuge and came riding toward it. One of tliein bestrode a white horse. ' They cantered up. The man on the white horse went to tho right and his companion to tho left of tho stage. Suddenly they reined up. " Pardon, senor ; will the senor give mo a light for ino cigarette ?" The driver good-naturedly pulled up and leaned over from his seat with the big eigur which ho was smoking extended between liis fingers. 1-Ie was met with a snap Bhot straight in the brain und tumbled headlong into the dust. At the same instant the guard lurched and fell forward under the horses with a ball in his forehead. A dozen men sprang from the underbrush beside the road and shoved the muzzles of their rifles through the stage door on cither side. Taken by surprise,' not a weapon -was drawn by the guards. The strong-box was lifted from tho boat, tho men inside were disarmed while tho robbers' rifles stared thein in the eyes, and then the morry com pany with many jokes about the dresses they would buy for their Benoritas, mounted the horses that were led out of tho woods and rode away, li6 on tho white steed hum ming a bit of some old Spanish love song to tho time of his horse's step. It was a dreamy August afternoon in Southern California wiien the Mayor of Los Angeles and a fellow official wore driving along the old sand road through the Arroya Seco toward tho town. Over the brow of a hill half a mile in front of them a>group of horsemen appeared at a gallop. They swept down the hill and met the buggy of the Mayor. The galloping horses were yanked back upon their haunches and a swarthy Mexican upon a white horso shoved a pistol in the Mayor's face and said, with a show of his teeth in a smile, " Your money, senor." The Mayor thought it was a joke and laughed. "Quick, quick 1" said the horseman, as his weapon clicked. " I am Vasquez." The Muyor laughed again. " Eef you don't beliof me, senor, look." He pointed back to tho hill and there appeared another group of horsemen riding at full tilt from the town. "Quick," said Vasquez. "I am no fool." The Mayor looked down tho pistol barrel at the pair of black, glittering eyes that lined the sights, and put up his hands. Ho was lightened of ilia chamois bag of gold, as wuo mo UIUIIU, tvuu wu uuiu luuueis wacuieU and were off at a run, the posse from tho town riding up five minutes too late to catch them or to save the Mayor's coin. Tho bund escaped into the chupparal. ©Vasquez made history in this way for five years and theu wub caught like a rat in a trap in a 'doba house near the Bceno of the robbery of tho Mayoi, and was shot down by a newspaper correspondent detailed to accompany the seurch party. Ho survived his wounds, was taken to San Joso, whore one of his earliest and most atrocious mur ders had been committed, and tiiere met his fate on the scaffold. And now for the horBe, Every time the robbers appeared one of them, tho leader, would bo mounted upon, a wiiito horse. That he had a world of speed was shown in tho way that he would gullop away from the rest of the gang when they were pur- sued. The horso was hitched bohind the house when Vasquez was shot. Oho of tho capturing party tried to take him and was severely bitten for his cupidity. The horse broke away, wont careering off towurdb the canon where Vasquez had had his rendez vous, and was lost to sight. Most people say ho died in the mountuins of starvation, . but tho Mexicans say no. Tiicy saw him again. Tho night oftor Vasquez was hanged a whito horse galloped up the street to the gaol, stood a moment at tho door and gave a neigh. The Mexicans iieard in it a call to the dead Vasquez. There camo no answer to tho horse's challenge, and ho wheeled about and went ns suddenly as ho came. Then ho turned bandit and followed Vas- quez's old trail. Once in a while a man would bo found on tho road with his body frightfully mutilated and his flesh bearing .the marks of hoofs. Sometimes in tho .night a whito horso would appear at tho door of a Mexican cabin in some lonely spot and neigh. If no answer came he would bo off like the wind, but if any man daredsliow himself the horse would attack him with hoof and teeth and it wus seldom that a victim escaped. Time and again ho was shot at, and one Mexican buck was foolhardy enough to try to rope him and met a horrible death. Tho horse bore a charmed life. Ho becanio almost as great a terror to the Mexicans as Vasquez had been. to the rich Americans. If by chanco a Mexican's pony got out of tho corral and wandered off in search of grass the white horse would find him nnd enlist him. First lie had one follower, then two, then half a dozen. No man could kill tliern and no man dared to attempt to capture them. With no loads upon their backs tliey wcro tleet as tho wind and could outstrip the best horso with a rider. The Mexicans named tho leader- the " White Devil," and said that Vasquez lived again in liis horse. As the years went by and Vasquez be came a memory, and iiis exploits tho theme for children's stories, the White Dovil lost his companions. His visits to tho vicinity of the little towns becaino loss and less frequent, and then ceased altogether. At long intervals a Mexican would rido in witli a report that ho had seen tho Whito Devil in some canyon among the hills. Even these reports ceased, and few Amei-icuns of the latter days in California had hoard of him until the freight train killed the whito horso. The Mexicans came for miles to look at him. AU of thein knew him, at least tliey said so, and tliey respected him sufficiently to look at liis dead body from a distance. When he was dragged from beneath the engine by the trainmen a horse doctor looked at him. He was a magnificent animal even in death, and the veterinary said that ho had been stone blind for years. Vasquez' deeds are history ; tho story of the Whito Devil is a Mexican superstition. 