? THEATRE ROYAL. "TilK JOJTQC1LLE." Tho friends of the young colonial dramatist, Mr. Guy Boothby, rallied round him to soma purpose on Friday night, when his ne»v and most ambitious work, the drama of " The Jonquille," founded upon incidents connected with the French Reign of Terror, was informed at the Theatre Royal to a full nouse. It was in one sense a great triumph for him, and will give him a certain amount of prestige when ho goes home, as he intends to do shortly, to seek the favour of that autocrat, the London stage manager, who will view his production in the cold light of business, not tinted by kindly consideration. We feel more than ordinary satisfaction at having reason for commcnding Mr. Boothby's work, because on more than one occasion we have felt constrained to damn his dramatic productions with faint praise, and even to altogether oondomn in unmeasured tc-rms. Like many young authors trying their prentice hand at play writing, Mr. Bootnby has attempted too much. In "The Jonquille" he has, we understand, had the valuable assistance of Mr. Kyrle Bellew, who is quite ait fait with -stage business, and is familiar with dramatic construction. The plot of "The Jonquille" is well connected, not overdrawn, and although hardly original it is worked into an emotional story with sufficient skill to make it attractive if not thrilling; it might be made thrilling by spirited skilful auiors. In Act L wo are introduced to the drowsy and tiny hamlet of Bercicn de Dieu with its wealth of orchards, and we find Dame Valdor spinning while she muses over the disappointment of her only son Camille, who is a strong young man with a vaguo mystery, tho basis of which is his unaccountable resemblance to Rene, the rich young Marquis Ghateauroy. These two young men nave grown up together " as mankind must," to use the author's words, and resemble each other in form and feature, face and limb, like the twins in the old song. Both strive for the hand of Margot, the widow Valdor's turkey - herd. The author tells us that in "all fairness they wooed the maid," but it appears that she, womanlike, prefers the nobler born, who goes off to Paris with a pledge to wed her on his return. Meanwhile Camille, who, by-the-way, is a blacksmith, is suffering from a paradoxical ailment—a broken heart, and lives on with the fracture wide open. He hears that Chateauroy, beguiled by tho seductions abounding in "Paris the beautiful, Paris tha strong," has slackened in his allegiance, to the turkeyherd, who, with a sense of duty highly commendable, still continues to drive her turkeys d la Mascotte up tho hillside. The despondent lover with the name so intimately associated with Sarah Bernhardt nourishes a hatred of his rival, and instead of taking the law into his own hands calls upon the powers above to annihilate his rival — the usual selfishness of man, who thinks his own affairs concern high Heaven most. While he is giving vent to his feelings there is a noise at the door, and a starved, ragged fugitive bursts in, and falling before CamiUe begs to be hidden from " the hell hounds of the King who pursue me o'er the valley. Hide me or never dare to think of liberty again." Soldiers nde up, and demand the fugitive in the King's name. Camille tells a noble lie, and the military clatter off. The fngitive looks in Camille's face and sees the resemblance to the "accursed Chateauroy," whereupon Camille tells his dismal' story. Then the fugitive draws from his tattered clothes a long thin glittering knife, and with a spring stabs it in die table, with the melodramatic announcement that " in the shimmer of the steel lies death to Chateauroy." He proceeds to inform Camilla that he (Mathias Sonterre) had seen his sweetheart stolen from him by Armand Chateauroy, the father of the man Camille was in such a fury about, and for twenty years he had been unresting and unrelenting in his scheme for vengeance, in spite of the discipline of the Bastille. At "the ghost hour of the night" he intended to meet Rene Chateauroy, and side by side the brothers in hate dccidc upon a dual syndicate to run a vendetta. In the course of the first act it transpires that the widow Valdor is the very woman who has been the victim of the elder Chateauroy. This is the tirtt indication of dramatic force in the play. Camille, of course, is the son of the Marquis. The widow discovers the identity of lilathias Sonterre with her former betrayed lover, and swoons. Shortly afterwards it is announced that the great Marquis of Chateauroy, accompanied by the Chevalier De Beautiarnoia, a notorious profligate, is approaching the village, and is about to be married to Mademoiselle D'Arbieny. The travellers stop at the cottage, and the Marquis after a time recognises the sweetheart of the olden days in a half-sarcastic fashion habitual to him, and she upbraids him. At last after a dramatic interview Chateauroy offers her compensation, which she indignantly spurns. Then follows another strong scene with Sonterre, who in a frenzy of rage at the revelation she makes—he has not recognised her before—tells lier that her punishment shall be that her son shall wreak his vengeance on his brother's head. Poor Margot has seen a good deal of this, and goes forth wretched. Three years pass, and in Act II. we find Margot, the turkey-herd, metamorphosed into " The Jonquille," the famous actress, with a confidential servant named Favette. Camilla has been unheard of since he left in search of Margot. We hear that C hateauroy has become infatuated with "The Jonquille," and some complications arise out of jealousy of the Vicomte De Rosny, which results "in a duel which Jonquille stops before the fatal pas3. In the course of events it turns out that Chateauroy is ruined, and Jonquille sejretly purchases his estate for reasons of her own. Then comes a rising of the populace, and the revolution threatens the lives of Chateauroy and all the nobles. Into Jonquille's mansion staggers Camille ragcred and starving, even as Sonterre did to the Valdor's house years ago. He has betrayed Chateauroy, and tells Jonquille so. She, in agony, reveals that CamiUe is her foster brother. He recognises her as Margot, but she casts him off, and the uiob— baring thrown down the gates—pours in. In the third act the Reign of Terror is in full swing; Chateauroy has escaped the fury of the mob, but Sonterre, like a sleuth hound, is in full pursuit. Jonquille is in Chateauroy expecting thefueiti ve Marquis. Sonterre comes with his ruffianly mob and threatens to execute the actress if Chateauroy is not surrendered. The old Chevalier DeBeauharnois has been captured, and, cool and cynical, comes forward to confront his enemy. He dies as becomes a grand old noble of France, calm, polite, and cynical to the last. Sonterre wants Chateauroy and threatens Jonquille and Favette with death. Jonquille resists his threats, and fired by his love passion he seizes her, but Chateauroy, broken and miserable, crawls to his old home to die. Jonquille recognises him, and assuming all her dramatic skill, plies Sonterre with wine; but Chateauroy, who has been passed through a secret door,* is discovered, and with Favette condemned to die. In Act III. we have before us the Chateau Chapel, with the tombs of the Chateauroys of the past. A scaffold is being erected; Chateauroy is to die, but Favette is released. Jonquille is to die with her lover, who in a brief conversation reproaches himself for his treatment _ of her and the wrongs done. Camille, disguised as a priest, enters in his repentance for evil wrought, and out of his greab love for Margot schemes to die ia Chateauroy's place and free the two. There is a generous struggle between the heroic souls, and finally Chateauroy changing dresses with Camille goes -forth free, unconscious of the immensity of the sacrifice made on his behalf. Margot reveals to Camille the deception she has been nobly guilty of, and tells him that her assurance to him that she was not included in the death warrant, and which induced him to connive at theescapeof Chateauroy, was not true. In a touching scene she dies of an overstrained _ heart, and Camille completes his sacrifice. There are several strong situations, which in the hands of a wellbalanced company of experienced professionals could be made very effective. For instance, the sensational entrance of the fugitive Mathias Sonterre, and the interview in which the startling revelations are made upon which the plot hinges; the subsequent arrival of Chateau Boy at the widow's cottage, the scene where the blase, cynical old Chevalier Beauharnois lolls in his chair, a cold-hearted witness of a wronged woman's frenzy as she upbraids her false lover. Chateau Roy; and scenes in which Margot herself olays a prominent part, first as a trusting, unsophisticated, countiy-born maid, and subsequently as a woman of the world with a defined mission; but the warmestcolouring is to be found in the distinct development of the plot where the revolutionary mob cry havoc and assail the aristocrats. Here there is scope for powerful acting on the part of the principals, with energetic support from the subordinates. The Reign of Terror is rich in stories of cynical indifference to death and haughty contempt of the canaille, and Mr. Boothby has introduced very effectively a type of the old nobility in the Chevalier ae Beauharnois, who goes, like another Caesar de Bazan, to his fate with a soldierly air, a smile, and a jest. Another effective scene is that m which the unrelenting Sonterre, laughing wickedly, receives and taunts his victims; while in the last act there are two or three opportunities for skilful stagecraft in the interview between Margot and her lover—her compact with Camille, and his sacrifice. Emotional acting finds a footing there. We think the language in which the argument is couched might have been simplified ; it is too much after the florid French style with the old melodramatic twang—the author in h's evident desire to make the dialogue harmonize with the period having flown too high, but in the dialogue it is brought down to a fair leveL Making due allowances for a first performance, the piece passed through the crucial test creditably: the gallery showed a disposition to take some of the serious situations in a jesting spirit.-' but more from pure love of mischief than from any sense of the unfitness of the presentment, and the author was callcd for more than once, the performers also coming in for a meed of praise freely bestowed. The piece possesses merits of which originality is not the most marked, and if the author and those performing had- a dec-tier knowledge of stage business the drama would succeed better; however, experience teaches. As to the actors and actresses we wish to be lenient with them, because they evidently did their best, and taking it all round the acting was clever. Mr. Leonard Parker's Marquis de Chateau Roy and Camille Valdor was a consistent- dual performance ; and Mr. V/. J. Daly, if he had not been provided by Nature with so fair and opBn a countenance, like one of the monks of old, would have made a more truculent customer as the revengeful revolutionist Sonterre; as it was he did not seem correctly cut out for a heavy villain. Mr. L. Wickstead might have accentuated the character of the old noble Chevalier de Beauharnois if he had chosen. Mis» Dora Moulden had a very intelligent grasp indeed of the character of Margot, tne turkey-herd, afterwards Jonquille, the great actress, but was not always artistic and graceful in her attitudes—the character is one capable of the greatest development in the drama. Much might have been made of it, and the lady evidently knew it, but fell short of the mark. Miss Kathleen Stock was well cast in, and quite suited the r≤ of Favette. The "rest of the cast was as follows :—Vicomtede Rosny, Mr. Percy Begg: Monsieur Darnier, Mr. feymour Smith; the Duo D'Ktoile Mr. L. Kaines; Zackrist, a revolutionist, Mr. Williams ; Goupil, a manservant Mr, A Kaines; Little Jean, a peasant child, little LiHtett Bluer; sergeant <>f soldiery, Mr. Pre3ton; Dame Valdor, of the Silver Stag Inn, Mi93 B. Lindsay. As an amateur production, played l<y amateurs, "The Jonquille" was certainly a success, and we congratulate Mr. Boothby on its production and hearty reception. It will be repeated to-night, atd we may say hag the merit of being short. "ROBBERY UNDKR ARMS." For the opeuing piece of his season, commencing at the Theatre Royal on Monday night, Mr. Dampier has choseu "Robbery Under Arms," a drama written by himself and Mr. Garnet Waleh, and founded upon one of Rolf Boldrewood's stirring novels. This play, dealing mainly with incidents in the life of ona Captain Starlight, a typical bushranger, has been very successful ever since its first production in Melbourne about a year ago, and serves es an admirable vehicle for displaying tha talents alike of Mr. Dampier, of the ladies, of his family, and of the strong and representative Australian company which he has gathered round him during the past few years. The cast of characters embraces the names of several old favourites, together with those of others new to an Adelaide audience but bearing a good record elsewhere. "Robbery Lender Arms"- will be mounted with the completeness which characterized its 'Melbourne production, a feature l>eing the characteristic Australian scenery from the brush of Monsieur Alta Tischbauer. 