TORQUEMADA AND THE INQUISI TION ("Beloravia.1') The judgment of the Inquisition were always given in a large place, capable of con taining a great number of people, three or four thousand, in the amphitheatre of which were arranged seats of different height or degrees, some for tho accused, others for the tribunal of the Inquisition and counsel lors of the kingdom, and towering above all the others that of the Grand Inquisitor. In the space betiveon was placed a chair for the preacher, with an altar by its side and a stool for the criminal who was to hear his sentence. The ceremony generally took place a, n^aJ' on, a good day good work, thought these terrible men—commencing at six o clock in the morning and going on°un til six in the evening. Tliey took the prisoners from fcheir dungeons, giving each one a little..vest, having sleeves tso-ged or weighted with iron, and tight drawers which came down to their heels, vest and drawers being made of black linenstriped with white Outside this dress they put a Sanbenito^ which is a sort of clo.ik or scapulary, which hung down in the front, and at the back, after the fashion of a herald's coat, and those who wore them knew what their sentence would be before-hand from the dif ferent colours of the cloaks and the figures, etc., on them. Those who wore condemned to death had Sanbenitos of yellow linen with the cross of St. Andrew painted in red on them. Those who, having been condemned to death, had escaped the executioner by avowing their crimes before their condem nation, were a scapulary called Samarra, on which were embroidered flumes burnin« downwards, such as Portuguese call 'IVo Kevolto, and those condemned to bo burnt alive a grey Samarra, on which was repre sented a man surrounded by flames and devils stirring up the fire. At tfie end of the scapulary the victim's name and crime were written. They alsc wore pasteboards caps in the shape of a sugar loaf or conical mitre garnished liberally with flames and imps' called ' carochas.' They were then gagged in a most painful way, so that tho mouth could neither be closed nor opened, after which a breakfast of dainties was placed be fore them and they were ironically invited to eat. This farce being over, each ono was given a taper of yellow wax and led out into the public squaro by a familiar of the Holy Office, who, under the name of godfather, was obliged to answer and be responsible for his unhappy companion throughout the whole grim performance. Then the pro cession would start. First marched the Dominicans, carrying the banners of St. Dominic, having the honor of going first be cause he was the first Inquisitor of his faith ; then came the other Inquisitors, the high dignitaries of the Church, the nobility, and magistrates ; these were followed by the accused, who walked one by one, with naked feet and bare heads, except the most unfortunate, who wore the paste-board caps, each one holding the wax taper in his hand. In the middle of the procession a laige cruci fix was carried, the face of the figure on it turned towards those who escaped death, and the back towards the others as a mark that they deserved no pity. Having arrived at the place where judgment was to be given, a preacher mounted the pulpit and gave a sermon tending to the conversion of Jew and heretics, who were blasphemously reviled. When the sermon was finished, an Inquisitor tookthepreacher'splace and called the criminals one after the other. The criminal called left his place, and, conducted by an ' Alcaide,placed himself on his knees before the 'Inquisitor, who read his ' proces' and his sentence. When all the sentences were read, an Inquisitor came, accompanied by some priests, to those who had escaped death, and absolved them from the excom munication which they had incurred, givin" each one a little stroke with a rod. -This sentence of excommunication was thought so terrible, that the officer of the Inquisition dared not speak to the aocused nor show them the slightest mark of friendship— not even the godfatliors who walked beside them. But the moment they were absolved from their excommunication they might speak to them. If amongst the number of victims doomed |to suffer there happened to be a priest, he was stripped of his canonicals, which he was allowed to wear to the last, that his humiliatfon and degradation might be greater, and then, to remove the oil°of his consecration, he was subjected to a most cruel and abominable process. His lips, , hand, and shaven crown were scraped with a bit of glass until they were raw and bleeding, after which he was put with the common herd to await his final punishment. Those whose 'execution had not yet been arranged, and the reconciled prisoners, who had saved their lives by recanting their faith, were now separated from those con demned to death, and while the former were conducted once more to the dreary solitude of the gloomy underground dungeons of the Inquisition, to drag out, sometimes, a miser able existence for long long years in those loathsome places, perhaps in the end, after sickening alternations of hope and fear, to finally expiate at the stake, tho only refuge from torture and the raok, an ini:i"i nary crime ; the others who had been con demned to suffer all the rigours of the Inquisitorial decree, at once were conducted to the place of execution, whore piles of logs had been placed. Here each victim was bound to a stake, and then the executioner asked tliem in what religion they wished to die.^ If they said they wished to die Christian?, they were 'mercifully' strangled before being burnt; if not—and the Jews and Maliommedans often adhered to their religion with dogged courage, suffering any tortures rather than recant—they were burnt alive ! Prisoners were jealously guarded from having any intercourse with tho outer world, seeing no one but the jailor, and a priest | of the Romish faith, ignorant of the charges made against them, and in a truly desolate condition, with the fear of unknown hor rors before them ; for Torquemada knew not the quality of mercy, and in the deep and impregnable vaults of the Inquisition had his unhappy victims tortured in the most horrible manner, in order to make them con fess their guilt, or at any rate that which the Inquisition wished them to confess, and the torture3 beii - more, in many cases, than human nature ;: iuld endure, no end of people confessed to crimes of which they had never even dreamt. At midnight iu a gloomy dungeon, faintly lighted by flicker ing torches, these fiends, in the name of religion, tortured their hapless victims. ' Whethor man; matron, or tender virgin, they were stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screws —all tho apparatus by which the sinews could be strained without cracking, tliobones bruised;without breaking, and the body racked exquisitely without giving^ up its ghost—was now put into operation. The executioner, enveloped in a black robe from head to foot, with his eyes glaring at his victim through holes cut in the hood which muffled his face, practised suc cessively all the forms of torture which the devilish ingenuity of the monks had in vented.' The heavy noisome air of the dun geons resounded with the cries and groans of the miserable wretches, who in those medire val days thought they would lose their chance of heaven, peril their souls, if they recanted the faith in which they had been' born and firmly believed, and were torn by cruel and horrible pains of both mind and body. But what cared Torquemada and his bi iodhounds for that? They were heretics, dogs of Jews, and they must suffer, in that they did not be long to the Holy Church of Rome. So they wero stretched on the rack, until their strained joints were liko to crack, and burst asunder; they were tied with the soles of their bare feet within a few inches of a blazing fire—a fortaste of that cruel death at tho stake to which so many were to come at last; they were suspended from the ceil ing by their hands, which were cased in iron gloves so tightly screwed that the victim's lingers wero crushed and bruised; they were placed on frames head downwards and scourged till the blood ran; they had pieces uf their flesh pinched away with red-hot I irons; their toes and finger nails wero torn off; their teeth dragged out; they were forced in to machines that pressed the knees up to the chin, bent the head down on the breast, and cramped them in a most painful fashion; the)' were suspended by sharp hooks driven in under the shoulder-blades; they wore nearly torn asunder by ropes and pulleys; they were prodded with red-hot needles all over the body and limps; and a refinement of torture which Torquemada often ordered, was to havo a cloth tied over the nose and mouth of the victim, and a monk, who sat beside, kept dropping water on the cloth, which must have produced a most painiul sense of suffocation. Torquemada, in 1498, the author of sq much woe and mirery, tho object of so much bitter hatred, died peace ably in his bed ! ' For tho advancement of the faith all means are lawful." If this were not, it should have been his motto. " The convictions of Torquemada," says M. Ros seuw-Saint- Hiliire, " were sincere, one cannot doubt, when one examines his life; but with what astonishment, mixed with borrow, does one view this life given up entirely to doing ill, with the same ardour and perseverance that others do good ! Hi3 name remains for all time detested and abhored amongst men. But his evil work, unhappily, is not dead with him. During more than three centuries the Inquisition ground down Spain, and the country yet bears its impress. 