NEW GUINEA AND MELANESIA. BY A COHItESPONDENT. Viotorlft, np»rt from any sontlmontnl rouson n'rlslng from googrophlonl propinquity and tlio futuro nmnifoat duHtlny of tho Auutraloslnn rnoo to rulo ovor nil the ndjuoont islands, lma o very direct interest in Now Gillnen, Innamuoh n« alio lias gunrnntood itnnm of £5000 a year towards tllO OXnOHHOH of its flnvfli- nnrmnf nn nliflnntinn -which will nofc como to an ontl boForo 1807. Any information which can bo obtained upon tho proHpoctn for Now Guinea to becomo a pros perous and self supporting colony is theroforo extremely usofnl. Of course, if rich gold Holds should be discovered tlio question would bo very easily sottled. The island would bo "ruahod " by miners, especially from Northern Queensland, where fchoy are already half acolimatiscd to tho olimato of New Guinoa, and although scores would die from malarial fovor, tho survivors would bo numerous enough to givo tho colouy a fair start. But'from all tho information avaUnblc it does not appoar that tho gold fields of New Guinea are abnor mal rich, although thero is 110 doubt a largo area of ground which would pay for work-' iiig if it were in a locality moro accessible and less unhealthy. - Tho next question is whether New Guinea will prove attractive and profitable to a class analogous to tho planters of Batavia and Ceylon, who will oultivato tropical produco by moans of colored labor, whether Coolies from India, Kanakas from Melanesia, or tho natives from New Guinea themselves. For whatever may bo tho case in Queensland, it is impossible for white men to work on planta tions in New Guinea. Upon this latter point much light is thrown by a work recently published, entitled Two Years Among the Savages of New Guinea , by Mr. "\V. D. Pritchard, a goritleman who dates his work from an English vicarage, and is a member of the Geographical Society of Loudon and Man chester, 1/ut who resided' for soirio years in Queensland, and many months- in New Guinea. Ho writes as a praotioal man,' arid gives no infor mation excopt that which he obtained from personal observation. A perusal of tho work has enabled mo to understand much better than formerly the des patches of Sir William . Macgrcgor and tho various Bluo Books upon New Guinoa which have been published from timo to time. Mr. Pritchard took up. his quarters on the Island of Samurai, in China Straits, which ho says form the loveliest and most picturesque harbor ho has ever seen, and beats Sydney and tho Cove of Cork, Ho took up his abodo with a trader, and as tho residence of the latter was hot and by no means healthy tho idea occurred to them to build a native house in tho sea, a common custom it New Guinea as a safeguard /against hostile tribes. "Having decided to emulate their examplo, we inter viewed two chiefs of Sariba, Peter and Siliweddo, told thorn what was required, and entrusted thorn to get plonty of. nativos nnd start tho work at onco. The prico to bo paid was 'trade' to tho value: of . £4 10s. Tho two chiefs received a . little mord than the laborers and did not work, merely superintending tho crcotion ; that isto say, tli'ey smoked day pipes and cliowed betel nuts. . . I drew on the boaoh a rough ground plan oftho house, alio wing tho longthaud breadth, the divisions of tho rooms and the two verandahs Peter, tho native ohief of Sariba, who was present, measured, the plan with a piccoofcane, marking tho length aiid breadth, rolled it up and put it in his substitute for a pocket.. Ho went home to his island, and in a few days camo back with several largo canoes with all tho necessary logs, timber, &cL;, lashed to them, also tho sago palm loaves for tho roofing, cano for splitting Into laths, and whon the house was finished thcro was very little material left. How ho managed to calculate so nicely I do not know, but, of course, he had considerable experionco in building nativo houses.. The- roof was., .loftier than tho ordinary nativo one, but built of . tho anmo material. There was not a single nail in tho building. It " was built in tho sea in about 4 foet of water at low tide on thosoa side', and on tho, Bhoro.sido conneoted with tho beach by a gangway. Tho natives have a curious way of driving tho piles. "Wo gave them a rope, which they fixed round tho head of the pile, leaving two ends dangling. Several ndtives got hold of one end and .soveral of. the ofc9r» i PuU>nS= alternately until tho pile is workgd down to the doptli required. . Tho piles aro made of white mangrovo, a strong wood and not too heavy. In-order to prevent the ravages of tho cobra insect, which in salt water will work its way into blood wood cores, it is bet ter to tar tho piles well, and better still— thouch very expensive— to copper them , all ovor. Tho flooring is made of "matu,"a kind of cane, which is plentiful in tho main land, the walls of the bark or skin of the palm, . and tho roof of the leaves of tho sago palm, which have to be put oii separately, tho leaves overlapping a little, and on tho outsido some branches of the cocoanut palm are plaocd. A house of this kind is quite rainproof, and if well constructed will keep in good condition for at least ton years. For health and coolness a houso built of nativo material cannot bo boaton, and it has the additional advantage of cheap- ness." .According to Mr. Pritchard thero, aro three types of natives— Malay, Papuan nnd Poly nesian. They havo no form of religion, but they believe in devils, whom it is necessary to pro pitiate. Thoy believe that when a man dies his spirit tenants his former home ; if bo die aivay from homo his spirit is lost. Their mode of mourning is to paint themselves black. The women do most of the. work, but havo considerable influence in tho family. "Tho children are bright, cheerful, happier and moro contented looking than any I havo evor soon. Thoy aro always at play, using tho spear in sbain warfare, with a piece of wood for a shield, or thoy busy themselves in fishing or swim ming. Both men and womon are always joking and laughing. Life seems to them one long#holiday. All their wants, which aro nofc many, are suppliod by Dame Nature— food, clothing, houses and weapons. One stick makes a man a spear, two sticks rubbed together a firo, 50 sticks tied togothor a house.'1 - Mr. Pritchard is obviously no great .. believer in civilisation. Life at Samarai amongst the natives was far pleasanter than amongst. tlio. colonists at Cook- town or tho Palmer gold fields. Tho natives live in villages, all tho houses standing on a regular lino, woll. built on blocks 5 to 6 feet from the ground. Tho land is hold by a family or tribe, and is divided -and subdi vided, each household having a part portioned off, so that, many natives aro interested in one piece or parcel of land.. The food consists of yams, taro, bananas, sago, coeoahuts, fish, pigs, birdB, anil occasionally human beings. Tho language is ndt unlike the Maori; they know how to make pottery, canoes and nets, are very clever in fabricating sago from the sago palm, and manago to subsist upon it aud .cocoanut when tho yam harvest fails. Tho natives chew betel nut, of. which they are passionately fond, and havo recently developed a tasfco for smoking tobacco.. In May, 1888, tho cutter Juanifca from Cook- town, with eight inspectors, arrived afc Samarai, and at an island called Siul-esfc, 40 miles .long; by 8 .broad, they obtained in two months 150 oz. of gold. , This, hows oaused a rush from Cooktown of about 400. miners, who obtained several thousand ottfcees of gold, all. alluvial, no quartz reefs boing discovered. Many men died from malaria, although Sud-est is con sidered one of the, healthiest islands ou the coast, the great sickness being caused by turn- illS, bp the virgin soil .and ao .releasing the malarial gorms. Tho island is woll grassed, and lias a native population of about 4000. , A party of miners prospected Rowel Island, the scene of . the wreak in 1858 of tho St. , Paul, with 350 Cinnamon, all of whom wore killed and oaten by the natives. The prospectors visited, in addition to Rossel, St. Aigmin, Normaiiby, FcrguHon and Goodbnough Islands, but found nothing. .A fewweeks later, another ...party found two large giillios at St Aigrian which con tained "paying gold," and 100 men went thither from Sudest. Mr. Pritchard seems to think that, If tho search wero undertaken by a properly equipped party, gold might be found in largo quantities on tho mainland of New Guinea. Mr. Pritchard mado a trading voyngo to Bismarck Archipelago. Ho touched at Milne Bay, where tho greater quantity of copra is obtained, and Egum (Little Wupdlhrks.) There he was visited by tho chief and his wife, and a person called "Tokarakus," the dwarf, a man 3 foet 6 inches in height, of a chocolate color, 35 years of ago, having a Herculean chest, witli arms tho length of a child's. An imihonse bend covered with a mass of Imir Ming on his ndfllflrt riffglfits; a' flat nose and a mouthstretch- Ing from oar to car. At Lngrandicre, one of the Trohriand group, he cpmroonced to trado with thd datives, an operation not altogether unac companied with danger. The nntlvo town oil which the cutter was at anchor lmd a popula tion of, 2000, nnd his little vessel was surrounded with largo canoos. Ho allowed a few nativos to como on board, but "kopt rushing to the side of tho VQgftol with it drawn sword slashing at tho meu in order to keep thorn in their canoes; once lot a number obtain a foothold on board and you put yourself in their power. Thoy may at any timo obtain possession of the vessel, and then good-bye to dear life." The oporation of trafficking in New Guinea waters must be as oxoitinfc and quite as dangerous as tiger shooting. '' The whole livo.long day one of us had to sit on the souttlo, keeping a sharp look out all round' the vessel, a drawn sword In hand, a loaded revolver in his belt, and a couplo of Winchester rifles in tho cabin nil roady for use. The remaining two of us wore engaged in bartering with tho nativos for spears, clubs, shields, Ghunam ' casite, woodon fishhooks, ebony 'paper cutters,' and evon 'gods.' . We also purchased abodt a ton of yainsj whioh we could easily dispose of to a great profit in Notv Britain. Our two nativo companions, Tokarakus and Ticrdiwaia, wero unablo to spdak tho language of this part of Npw Guinea, and all tho business had to bo done by signs. Tobacco was unknown, arid none was accepted. Hoop iron was the great dcaidoratum. Luckily we bad somo on board. Wo also did, somo trading in empty bder bottles, first drinking tho boer,. arid then exchanging the .bottles for beche-de-mer. If this method of oxchango would only last tho profits of the bdoho-do-mer trado would bo on- ormotiB. But after a time the natives got ttrod or glass bottlos ; to hoppirou they, were constant. With the hoop iron they can improve thoir tools andwoapons, and thoy were careless about the quality, so that it was hoopiron." The trading over, Mr. Pritchard went ashore, and. found that tho Trobrinndors had just returned "from a predatory expedition, covered with . glory and laden with tho spoils of war.',' Thp next placo visited was "Mioko,".ono of the Duke of York Islands, where the Ham burg Plantation Company has a branch. . Thore they wore, kindly treated by. tho. German .wlio managed tho place, and whose principal occupa tion appeared to bo bartoring .for copra, but execllent coffee , was grown on tho plantation. The manager informed Mr. Pritphard that tho profits of.tlie branch for the previous year had been £1300. From Mioko they sailed to Ralume, in New Britain, where tH'ey went to a plantation owned by n lady who is one of the best busiuoBS woman I evor met. She doo all the correspondence, keeps the .accounts and personally superintends the work of the planta tion. Sbo has a manager, and a very Capable orio,- but sho believes in having an eye ovor all. This wlady , planter . hasr been established at Ralume for 10 years, and has managed to get 500 nores.of rich soil into cultivation, cotton, cofloo and codoanuts boing grown. The work is done by black laborers, . imported from tho Solomon- Islos. and New Ireland.- ?.-Sbo was tho widow of an American, but was hcrsolf .a .half « caste . Samoan. The only drawback to the place is that tiiero is considerable volcanio. activity in. tho neighbor hood, and clouds of smoke are constantly issuing from fissures In tho earth. -- Mr. Prltcliard appears to have lost his heart tojinother half casto Samoan lady, who ,was rosiding with tho fair planter, and a dinner party followed by a dance was improvised in his honor. . But all his experiences wero not so ngreoable, for he mot a Gorman, 'Count Pfoil, who acted, as re'prosen? tative of tho Gerihan Government, and imposed upou him a fino, he not having reported tho arrival of the craft. Several Gormans . ro- side in tho neighborhood and rear casite. From Ralume ho visitcil a native market at Blancho Bay, and found that tho New .Britains are so far advanced in. commercial matters that , they lmvo a local coinage called '"Tumbu," worth about -2s. per six feot, and formed of tiny white shells,' with thoir centres cut out. Some of tho .men woar this money in cirolcs round their nocks. After purchasing a large quantity ofyams from the natives, who are said to be canni bals, Mr. Pritohard returned to Ralume, and finally with some difiioult'y made his way back to Samarai, having to beat against tho south-east trndes. On tbo passago, near the north-oast coast of Now -Irolniul, ho passed tho spot where, in 1889, -Charles Qunstein apd liis followers wore awallowod up in an earthquake whioh completely changed that appoarance or portion of thp island. Tho captain of one of the Gorman Now Guinea Company, stcamors toId Mr. Pritchard that tho earthquake so thoroughly altered tho whole; aspect of the landmarks, and so muoh land had, been swaiiowed up, that,, although familiar with tho- locality, ho could only ascer tain his exact position, by working it oiit by the aid of his sextant and chronometers. The vessel reached &nraarai; in time for Mr.- Pritchard to bo present at the trial of. a number of natives for- killing the master of tho trading Icbtcli Star of Pence, nnd ho after wards made a voyage to the mission station and colonial capital, Port . Moresby. Of Sir Wil liam Macgrcgor, our autho expresses a high opinion. "He is a hardy Scotchman, with a tall gaunt frame,, and possessed of groat strength. Ho began life as a ploughman ou n. farm. ,, Ho was mainly self, .taught, and by dint of industry and pcrscvorancq rose to the position of a doctor of medicino. He held tho appointment of Government health olfioer in Fiji, and also took nn native part in the administration of that colony. ... In August, 1888, he was. appointed Administrator of British Now Guinea. A better man for his post it would be diffioult to find. His energy is untir ing, and ,by bis dogged determination, lio manages to overcome, dilficulties that- would appear to others insuperable. His manners aro rather uncouth, but thoy arc suited to a wild and rugged country like New Guinea." Tbo remainiug portion of tho book is taken up with tho melancholy stories of adventurers who have been killed by natives nnd .by. narra tives of Sir William . Maogregor's explorations, most of which liavo beon told before. Some of Mr. Pritchaid's conclusions . arc, however, interesting. He admits., that "the climate is very, unhealthy, . the « tropical scrub being a harbinger of .. malignant fevors, malaria, Ao., and it will :take years .of cultivation boforo it alters for tho bettor. Whero there is little sorub and no swamp, fever is not quite so prevalent. Quinino is tho best remedy, but should be taken advisedly." Ho considers that, tho natives of New Guinea numbor at least 300,000, and that the. race showsno signs of decay. Thoy. aro. healthy and vigorous, and if tho inter-tribal .wars are stamped out tbe,.; population „i:,is , likely. ,tpj , inoreaso rather than to diminish. . He considers that many, undertakings migjit be profitably carried on, arid mentions pearl fishing, the coliebtion of die bt'ohe de mor or trepnug, whiph is worth accord ing. to. its . quality frpm £130 to £25. ponton, tho manufacture of copra, from the cocoa nut and the cultivation of c'ofTeo, tea, indigo, india- rubber, augaiyrice/ tobacco and; sago. In con- aidoring tho feasibility of these undertakings the first question, is, of course, that of labor. Mr. PritcliQrd thinks it would be quite possiblo to utiliso tho natives as laborers. In addition to the house to which I havo previously re ferred ho undertook several contracts, the work boing dono Holoiy by natives. One of them. was to clear a swamp, scores of aores in extent, of all the timbor on it, out it up into suitable lengths for building - purposes, stnek theui outsido the swamp and burn the undergrowth aud smnll stuff. Tliis" work was performed satisfactorily, payment being made in hatchets, long knives and tobacco. . There was, bowover, Homo little difficulty about gotting the work complotcd. . Tho counsol he. gives is, VNevor cheat tho nntiveB, and never allow them to cheat you. Treat them kindly, but with firmness, and novor lose your tenipor. Follow this advice nnd lean vouoh for it you will find' them tractable and good work men. Unlike Australia, Now Guinea is nover e object to, periodical droughts, nnd when it is better known British capital will be introduced, industries will spring up, and the country will oyentually bo developed and becomo the home of many of our fellow . coun try mon." A much moro ambitious and well witton, but not perhaps more useful, book is Dr. Codring- ton's The Mclaiicsians, Studies iu Their Anthropology and Folk Lore. Tho author, who was formerly fellow of "Wadharii College, Oxford, and who wrote a work on tho Molanesi.an languages,, was a member of . the . Melanesian Mission, spent the intorval between 1863 , and 1887 either at Norfolk Island or in Melanesia, Now Britain, New Ireland, tho Solomon Isles, Santa Cruz and tho. Now Hebrides, and lie has studied vory closely the habits, history, religion aud traditions of the islanders from the point. of , view of a Bcholar and ' divine, . and not of a mere trader like Mr. Pritohard. But it Is questionable whothor bis conclusions have muoh moro prac tical value Ho admits that the natives havo sufferod in every respect from thoir intercourse with -Europeans. "To tho question why the Santa Cruz pooplo shot at Bishop Pnttison's party in 1864, when, as far as can bo known, thoy had not any injuries from white men to avengo, the natives havo always roplicd that their elder men had said that thoao strango beings would bring nothing but harm, and that It was well to drivo them away ; and bb to shooting at them they wero not mien, and tho arrows could not do them muoh harm. It is tsad to tlitnk how gonorally tho elder men have', from their own point of viow at loast,beon right; iron, tobacco, calloo, a wider knowledge of the world havo not compen sated nativo people for new diseases and tho weakening of social bonds." Dr. Codrington devotes much spaco to showing the elaborate precautious takonby tho Mclanosiansto prcvont intermarriages amongst inomhors of ono family who were descended from a common ancostor. 'A, similar custom oxUted amongst the aborigines of Australia, who wero always much bettor aware of their pedigreo and, relationship than is common amongst tho groat bulk of Europeans, many of whom are utterly :.. . ignorant ,of any ancestor beyond thoir grandfather. -.Very curious is the information afforded about tho laws of. property and; .inheritance whioh provail throughout Melanesia. A distinction is mado botwecn land whioh ,1ms .beon inherited and. that which has been reclaimed from tho waste; there is no strictly communal property' in laud, and in tlio case of lnndod nnd personal property the original- ;right of. succession Js ydtfi the -jriator's children, and not with tho man's owu. In Fiji, on tho other band, tho tonnrn of land Is dis tinctly tiibal,' nnd the title is vested hi all the full born members of tho tribe. Many of the saiga of land to -Europeans in'New' Hebrides havo beon mado by.mon whose, only, title to the land they have sold was., their wilUngnoss to rcceivo a certain quantity, of calico and some rifles. As a .general rule the father., can give land reclaimed by him to his sons, .while land inhoritcd passes to the children of his pister. In Fiji a separate property frequently exists in tho, land and tho fruit troes upon it. Tho chapters upon roligion, sacrifices, prayer and spirits oxhaust the subject, , Dr., Codrington denies most . positively tliat tho imagos. of which, tho Molancsians ore tso fond aro idols in thlo sense . of, -being worshipped; they wore rather . the., momoriats. of deceased great men whoso ghosts, visiting thoir accus tomed, abode, would, bp. pleased at such marlcs of memory and affection, andj irritated by dia- rospeot. There was no notion ot tho ghost of tho tlcnd taking up hia 'abode in tho imago, nor was tlio imago .supposed to, have in itself - any supernatural efficacy., Altogetlier, Dr. Codring ton V work, affords a great denl . of information Upon subjects which have not been moro than glanced at by previous writers upon Melanesia,' And will no doubt be regarded as tho standard book upon tho subject. ; 