THEGILSUfflD PSTE^Y, Part I. .. (Continued.) THE NIGHÏ OP THE DISAPPKABAUCE. I found that when there wer/s ao visitors in the house, the fiamily .rfitired to r«? t pretty early. On the night ^ before lier flight Mrs Balders had retired at 10 o'clock or â few minutes before. 1 and David Logan, the man- servant, locked the house at half-past ten. Now some time between then and five o'clock in the morning, when Mr Balders went to her room, the - lady left the house, and I could not gather from the most careful inquiries amongst all who slept under tho roof that night that anyone -had heard the chains or bolts of the; doors undone. . But subsequently the little girl, Lottie Venn was her name, and-who slept in a small room over the doorway, with a window looking into; the front gorden, told, me that she believ/d she had heard her aunt on the. night'.she disappeared speak to a laige dog that occupied a kennel at the gateway that gave access .to the orchard! the dog was called Punch, and tlie : child said that she heard Mrs Balders say, 'Gooddog, good Punch—lie dowfi,;ty<? quiet.' At first she thought she ljad dreamt this; But she" had no doribt? now it was her aunt's voice she'had heard, but she could not determine • at what hour it was. The distance from the steps of the front doorway to jthe gate where the dog's kennel was Was only a few yards, and by actual experiment T proved that anyone speaking near the doorway even in a comparatively low tone could be heard quite well in the room. = I asked the child if she had slept a very long time rafter hearing h»r aunt's voice. a n d. she, answered that she was sure she had. From this I inferred that Mrs Balders had probably left the ho,use about midnight. Assuming th<it to be correct, where could she have gone at that hour of the night ? There was no train to be had to anywhere. Now, supposing she had driven to Carlisle, which was within ten miles; and where she could have got one of the mail trains going north or south, she must have got the conveyance from somewhere in the district. Had ft come from Gilsland the fact would have been well known in the village. But inquiries instituted both there and in Carlisle failed to clicit any information. In fact, unless she had been in league with someone, in Gilsland, which there was no reason to think was the case, there was only one where she could possibly have hired a hjrse and trap in the village, and that was at the hotel—but no trap had been hired there. It certainly was strange that a lady could so effectually disappear in such a small place, where everyone was known to everyone èlsé, : without her movements • having being observed. -. .But so it was, and the idea of a tragedy began to take shape in my mind. I ascertains 1 that she had carried nothing off with hpr. Her.jewellery was all intact, and her purse, containing several pounds, together with her watch and chain, were on the dressing table. These facts certainly pointed to unpremeditated flight, and suggested to me: the feasibility of suicide, and"painful as it was. I had to pub that hypothesis before Mr Balders. It came as'a shock to -liim, bût lie said he could not possibly think she had destroyed herself, for sne was of a most-lively disposition, and in no sense- of the word weak-minded. I told him, however, that people - had been known to be seized with suicidal mania who had never shown the slighest tendeney that way before. And so far as I could see then, SÙîcidè wâs thêtnostr'probable theory of her disappearançç._ . Reluctantly lie ad-, mitfced thst ifc was so, and we at once took.steps to have the country scoured,, and a large pond there was on the moorland was d^ajggecL ...o* . POfiOtiAR^XciTEMENT. .. Bj -tliis time, thç excitement in the district had reached fever height, and all; sorts ; of strange-and absurd rumours were put* iutô™ ïirculation. People dtew largely upon . their imagîna€ons, and promulgate! the wildest theories. Some spiteful ! individual èxpressed a strong belief that Mr- Balders had murdered :his wife through jealousy, and that her body would be found Juried somewhere in the grounds. Although I did not give any credence to this theory, I made ' certain inquiries amongst the servants to 'find if-there were the ...slightest grounds isfor entertaining a shade of suspicion ofïthat kind. Bût the One -emphatic opinion that Mr Balders was one of the kindest hearted of men, and would not injure a worm, and that Mrs Balders would have been far mpre Ukely to have- murdered him than he to have murdered her>, A likeness of the lady was shown. to J me did not lead mè to infer that she^ had murderous tenden<nes, though thérewas a certain furtiveness about the eyes that perhaps «ôggëètedi: she^ was capablèi of being deceitful if it Servéd ^iîrpôse. But the 'pôrfrait v^s -that of aîi^e?çeedinglypretty^nd attrîtetive-young woman, with a well-shaped head flnd-'a -great wealth of hair. Tbe faTO-waSsa jplfcffsant laughing Tàçe> without as^it seenied,' a Aide «T^içlftr In r> V For titre^ . days'-we prosecuted-; ! our search for iriiles - around îthe cï>un(ry. The woods^were sc^redV^e ditbttfâ"' iaxamined, tthe ponds dragged, but we/ailed to discover the body of the niissing lady, and had tliie body been there it is. almost certain we mu«t have discovered it, so îlorough was the search. The inference I was disposed to draw from this was, that she must be alive, unless she had wandéred-very far afield and destroyed herself. By ; this, time the affair was well noised -abroad, and every post brought shoals" of letters from writers who seemed to have more time than brains. The most idiotic theories were suggested, and some of these busybodies kindly offered, ' for a consideration,' to undertake to find the body's whereabouts within 12 hours. I need scarcely say •hat these offers were not noticed. When-1 had made inquiries amongst "the various lunatic asylums in that ' part of the country, without result, I was forced to take up a new trail. By this time Mr Balders bad -Become almost distracted/and seriously/ill ; nor was his sister any better. By tfce advice of his medicatman, who had been called in, I refrained from questioning him, but I thought it right to ask the servants whether they had ever seen any- ' thing-in Mrs Balders's conduct whl^h -would suggest that she liad a lover. Although the generally expressed opinion wasxa trifle-firivolons and-fond of gaiety, it \rçi3 not thought that .she had an attachment for any one. But David Logan, the man-sérvant—who was a cautious Scot—came to me at the hotel where I was staying in order, as he said, to make 1 a private communication.' A COMMUNICATION. He began by saying that he was very fond of 'the mistress,' and ' sait reluckànt ' (sic) to say anything that ini'ght refleetonherreputation. Bat he thought the time had come when he must speak out. I ventured to suggest that lie ought to have spoken before if he really had. anything to say that was calculated to throw light on the mystery, but he justified his silence by bis rooted aversion ,to say a word against his mistress, who liad" always shown him the greatest kindness. ' « Véry well,' said I, * and now, what i is it you have to tell me ?' ' Well, sir l think it's about nine or ten months now past when Mistress Balders sent me to the post office at Carlisle, two or three - "times; for letters addressed to Miss Ethel Drake, which were to be called for at the Carlisle post office. Of course, I thought it very strange, particularly as tfiose letters' were addressed .in a man's hand.' fApii what opinion did yon form then?' I asked with some eagfrness. " * That Mrs Balders was receiving letters .that she did not want her h'usVand to know anything at all about.' 4 Did she offer any explanation as to why she had letters so addressed V * No 1 ; but she told me when I got any letters I was to be sure and bring them, straight to her, and give them into her own hand.' - 1 Did you not think that strange ?' Well, yes, I did. And one day, I mind of posting a letter for her, which she said I was to be sure not to let any one see.' ' To. whom was that letter addressed ?' ' Well, I'«n awfully sorry that I can't remember the full name. But it was Alfred something, .Esquire, and the address was a ship in Liverpool.' This statement seemed to let in a little ray of light through the darkness, and I urged him to try and tax his memory to remember both the name of the person and the ship! Bet though ho did this, he failed to remember them. I asked him whether he thought she^ept up the correspondence, and he was of opinion that she did. for she used to drive over to Carlisle frequently in the dogcart. I began now to seriously think that there was a lover in the - case, and that the silly lady had eloped with him. From inquiries I made at the Carlisle post office there was no doubt she had long been in tbe habit of having letters addressed there to Miss. Ethel Drake. For the post office people recognised Mrs Balders from the description and from her likeness as the lady who called for the.-letters. . It seemed to me now pretty evident, that she had gone off with some ' one, knd I thought confirmation of this might be forthcoming if her lettters and papers were overhauled, and I resolved to speak to Mr Balders on tlie subject, painful as the duty was. But before doing so I deemed it bettet to see the doctor aud take his ad vice. ' Certainly,' said llie doctor, . ' the matter ought to be investigated, "for, ! though I have not mentioned .it befoje,, for .obvious -reasons, I. am disposed to think, from what I have seen of the lady, that it is à case- of elopement. She was â very'attractive young woman, full of life and animal spirits ; and I am sure she found the quiet, dull, country life of this place -irksome,, while she had very little of her husband's society. It was surely a case of May and December, and while he was . trustful, doting, ani confiding, she bould ndt reconcile herself to the hiabits and humdrum ex stence of old age... However, before speaking to Mr Balders we will wait a day or two, for he is\ very weak and excited and must be kept quiet.' Of course I had no other alternative but to acquiesce in this, although I began to think it was no longer a' case in which I could interfere, unless tye husband wished to employ my services to traGe the lady, with a view to divorce proceedings. . But that evening, as I sat in my hotel, meditatively, enjoying a post-pratulial cigar, David Logan rushed excitedly- ipto. my presence r : He was as paieras sa .ghost, and so excited and breathless thkt he -eould not enunciate clearly for'sotne' 'moments.' At last- he exclaimed, ' <3ome, Mr Donovan, come quickly.. My; God, it's awful !' ' Don't jjrieétion nie, but come, come, for God's sake,' he answered, wringing his"iraiids in distress. , . . A PAINFtfL MSGGVEBY. Without:-another word - Ï rose and followed himj jand he led the way towards Ôr;Balders's-house. But he took a path that avoided ' the house, that brought us to. a.gate, over, which 'we climbed, for-.tlie.gate was locked, and I. found we were in the glen which I have already described. It was now nearly dark. The wind was sighing through the trees, and the burn in the glen was murmuring hoarsely. Since leaving the Itotel I had not spoken to David, who seémed to be strangely agitated. As we pursued our way along the path, fell behind, and lagged, as if actuated by some deadly fear. And turning to the man, I said— ri What is it, David? What's the matter, man ?' " By this time we had got abreast of the old rnined mill, which looked as weird aiid ghostly in the waning light as it .was possible for anything to do ; while a large white owl, that flitted noiselessly across' our path" and disappeared in the ivy of the rain, added to the uncanniness of the place. • There, there,' answered David in a hoarse, croaking whisper, and pointing towards the mill, * there she's in there.' ' Dead !' I ejaculated. « Yes,' he answered. 'I went in this afternoon to stow some old boxes away, and when I opened the door a stench came into my face strong enough to knock me down. And when I got into the tower room I saw her lying all in a heap on the floor.' As it was far too dark by this time to see anything,-! told him to gc to tfee house and get a. lantern. It was quarter of an hour before David returned with lantern; He handed it to me together with the key of the mill door, saying, he dare net go in there again to look o i the dreadful sight. So I opened the door and entered alone, and holding the lantern up, I beheld what David had seen. It was, indeed, a dreadful sight; The poor woman was lying on her right side, with her face turned to tie floor. Her right arm was bent nnder her, but the left arm was stretched out above her held, thus hiding the face, and I noted that the hand was clenched. Her head had been enveloped in a white woollen muffler-—what ladies^ call a 'cloud,' but it was dragged off, and the beautifol hair was loose and all dishevelled. I did not disturb the body, but at once despatched David for Mr Balder's doctor, enjoining him'not to mention the discovery to any other living soul, for I was afraid that if it were suddenly and injudiciously-told Mr Balders, the shock might have ii fatal ^effect on his weakened condition. O f course, my object in sending for the doctor was th#t he might examine the body and determine how the unhappy young woman had put an ond to her life." Three J ouarters of an hour passed before the doctor and David returned. Then we entered the mill together, David this time allowing his cariosity to overcome his horror. « This; is a terribly sad business,' the doctor observed as he took up the lantern,, .and partly turning. the body, revealed the face of the -deceased, letting the light shine fulll upon it. In a few minutes he half started back, after the manner of a person who suddenly receives a sho?k. from sudden and utterly unexpected revelation, and he exclaimed— 'Mr Donovan, this is not a case of suicide, but murder.' ( To be continued.') 