d Tlho IW'ine Tl'hat Coltqglee's CMao. If Nay, frown not, fairest I Ohide no more, Nor blame the blushing wine n Its fiery lips are Innocent d When thrills the pulse with thins, e Go, leave the goblet in my hand, But voil thy glances bright, a Lest wine and beauty mingling hero, a Should wrcek soul tonight. r Then, dearest, to the anelent vine, In asculptured beauty tare, Bow down thy red, arched lip and quall Tbohe wine that conquer care; And breathe upon the glowing cup, Till thus its perflmes be Sreet an thle scet of the orange groves Upon some tropic ean. aThen while the fnlgore idly stray In dalliance o'er the lyre, Sing to me love, eome rare old rong a That guehed from heart of fire Song such as Grocian phalanx hymned, When freedom's field wan won, And Persia's glory, with the light, S Faded at Mlarathon. Sing till the shouts of armed men I tigr bravely out once more 1 Sing till again tile ghost-white tents Shine on the moonlit shore I Bid from their melancholy graves Tihe buried hopes to start, 5 I knew ore many a storm had swept The dewdrops from my heart. Bing the deep memories of the pnetl Ma ly soul shall follow theo Its boundlees depthe are echoing Thy glorious minstreolsy; And as the sweet vibrationshang Eulattered on tihe air. I'll drink; thy white arms round'me, love, The wino that conque'finare; A Groat-Tramfic in..Fowls.-Spknhing i of the immonse numtear of 'fowls rgeelved weekly at Marseilles,' France, a London Journal nays: The fowls arrived from Italy In railway vans. ofdthe ordinary size, but specially oonetrnated for this traffico. The oiden are of lattice.work, and internally the van is divididdtitolnil e tiers, or ehelvee. On each tier there-are twelve cages, and each oago is calculatedito contain thirty birde. In this wayi tho:prodigious number of three thousand,twohundreed and lftyfvowile is con. voyed in a single waggon. The oages are provided witll tins for-water on one side and for corn on the other, and there is a door in each through which aany fowl that is Injured or ciekly can be astonce removed, The birds are said not to suffer at all to deteriorate on their journey, though Itheoyomn from Milan or oven from Venice, and in many cases are sent through direct as far as the. Spanish frontier. We often thank Ieaven that we a e not as the Italians in the matter of the treatment of animals (and no doubt as a rule we do no with juatice)'bnt if the IriJL poultry ocisirir ied l treteneietar at t~o~ndon or Glaegow could see the arrangements that are made for tile acomodation of their Italian brethren, they would surely pray to be delivered from the oarelehs kindhearted. neas of the English, and handed over to the calculating mercies of the Italian. BeggarsSupported by Gamblers.-Per. ltallr tlee iau;ers are tlso beot support of beggare. If you know where a poker gamnn or a faro bank is loooted-of course you don't; you never saw anything of that kind, and I know- i will be quite a Eurprie in you to learn are--you'll always find beggars and loofers aronnd, . t Gamblers are superetitinou, and they will erl not upon any considcratln peas n beggar by tb without giving him n a elill cnntributoon. It it would be bad luck. Perhase there's a trifle f tof onsienenoo about it, and Ieoy have, after all, Fn a sense of some power ablove theom to be np. tin peared by their hminiug the needy. Agambler en willtborrow to give to a besgar. it I have known actors imbued with the same sI sentiment. I only, know one dramatist who sa ,wned thoe eperatitiqn. itr had a play com. etc tig out, and the night it was to be produced, e aust before tie curtain went up, a beggar It taokled him, Ie save imhn a penny. " There," said he, "that's good luck. My It play will be a go." It was a tLerilla failure. te "I wish I'd Rlven him a lorn I " he said. of Thoe aperetition wane ll right. The amount Pr hadn't been enough to appease the goddese co Fortuno. w His Oostumes.-Illolard Wagner genoe ally received his visitors in modivsal ooetumes cn suoh as he always wore when composing Alexandre Dumne, calling on him one day was hligly amused at the nmasquerade. "Y Y ' are all dressed up to play ' Gassier,' oh?" m said Duman, with hi good- natured laugh, which rather hlr the lfeelinge of the author of "Tunuthanuer," who nevertheless returned I9I M. Dumas' visit when next be wont to Paris. Pr Athlr same delay Ai. Deialle appeared at last, w arrayed in a lragnificent drescingngown with hi large Ilower pattern, a helmet with flying plumes, a liloebelt round his waist, and enormouse riling boots. I" Pardon me," said hee majestioally, "for w appearing in my working costume. I can do C notihtig without heing droe rod in thismanner. In Hfalf of my idless live in this helmet, and the at other hall are lodged in my boots, which are il ilrnisp eablo to rien when I write my love scenes.'i Moral Courago -There is a brave man ti in Koieltucllch . 'iu Hitat ei noted for the bravery oft teor nes and the beauty of her w daughtlterst blt the miai wie lspeak of lhas a kind of courn::re whi'lch iic rare everyrwhero and at all tirice. tIlia name in John 8. hilies. On the otump recently, lMr. llhe descented with freedom upon another Ipeaker, who replied by ollhaslleeno nto noretal culebat. Ihllu de. alined to liiht fer four crenoe: 1. ltie did not believe Ie cinlellinli. 2, It wi i o gaillt l the law. 3. Tilher wan nHilni oieo di pir ndeut upon hint to wholrilm owed prot etion,. I. Hisi noiecptancee e i of h?tclh.le uc wold iexIcliudeli hi I from rlie Iprc iei el iis prefooi?ni in KLl .e tluoky. T''ie ae crgiumntc whioh hiin ip. ponu ti will Ineld it liillijilt In anliiwer. At t11e lli eu tIillli, oio-llken whii do inot believe il in dui lling Il pllraclitullly iho11ced to trent their Oppo)ciOet with tile IUrict veruIpuclolu pIereonlll A flele Ibut iiiactiui Illapplicnct for ecn. tiloyielt in llriuhibi, n cccllid dciii thre ciher. inn111 from hil w rll d, IIthe ll r l iay, naol reII ci In lig liit ole lcini ti cclciid tiI?i Ouplillne the I groll il irf 11'rv ei lidered II Ihill I c ricIll, wuork, I wi uld i ,Hll y iII II lithi I could I hlr yel, bi h ib i ouit ofl Ih! qluemlio ; lr thl ll n ioe oiii lit ie dliiiiic iinto that wo f uill lit your c ale?." " thu i n' c WCu lh Vart'e fIu: Inilter " with the Iiibh Ih liriciciie 0 " 0li i111'1c l nllrllLl i urcll c clllnl oin ll l ried i ( ollln ti llll o II , uc ucciii ), niIid ei 1er ill lly orll, ii rv thliy ub c lii civ. i liti piCc helitr riccl1iiil-i (C ini a ic I(Iticoiy n hfii l. (ice 0 ir coily , In , ied i t! a Ii ilsrl llitorg y, Islolhlt r ot a it uily , ili., nt ld n t 