HOVCiiSt, TJIE IRISH DETECTIVE; . ir, THE' STRATEGY OF . A BRAVE MAN. By OLD SLEUTH." V ' CM A PTE 11 XXYiil.—(Coxmsued.) Jim, ruy dear leuow, l nave a Dig game 1 iin to ges you into, which will pay pounds ■ o pennies against faro.’ • Can’t we talk it over to-morrow?’. Night-is the time for our business, old man, i tell you,’ added the blonde, with a careless laugh, *1 like to get talking about money-making at the hour when graveyards >awn and the dead in phantom form go prowling around,’ \Hushl hush I’ said Jack, as his eyeballs started and his limbs began to tremble under ‘ What is the;natter with yon ? Hang it 1 you shake like a man who has the ague, and your eyes glare like two live coals, yvhfie, on my life, your hair Btands on end like a por cupine’s quills 1 I’ll give you some whisky, old fellow ; your nerves are unBtrung, or you have seen something,’ said the blonde, in .a tone of badinage. ‘ Give uie a drink and let me out of here 1' gasped Jack. • What on earth do you want to get out_of here lor? .Why, man, there’s cot a soul in this house, but ever since I mentioned that dark chap who you aay is a detective, you have been acting like a man who has seen a CHAPTER XX!X. \- • 1) jh’t speak of ghosts,’ wailed Jack, in an swer to the blonde’s remarks with which we cloascuthe previous chapter. O’Neil a! Darragh rose from his seat and, going to a cupboard in one corner oi the room, brought torth a bottle and a couple oi glasses..- . j. Jack seized the bottle the moment it /was put/on the '"table, and pouring one of the \- glasses nearly fail, he drank it olt without a > By/George l you .webs dryi’ exclaimed the blonde. ‘ Give.ice the money you promised and I’ll get put o£ here.1' •No, no, sit down. I tell you I have a big job on hand, and there is a heap of money in it, we can turn in a few days—money enough to keep us for life I’ Tne hali-breed ventured another glance at the mirror. He eaw reflected there only hi3 own dark visage, to which the colour had returned by tne effects of the heavy glass of whisky he had taken. ‘ Sit down, sit down !’ said O'Neii.' ‘I tell you old man, I'll make you rich: and you’ll have a list lull oi these fellows if you’ll only settle down to business.’ ... As the blonde spoke be displayed a roll of banknotes. Tno half-breed’s eyeB at once gleamed with another light far different from that whioh only a second or two before had illuminated The curse on his soul was the love of gam bling, and to gratify this passion he must . have money. Here was s man dieplaying heavy uoteB and asking.him to become a sharer in apian to obtain thousands. Againhe seized the bottle and drank off a heavy quantum. As he drank eff theseoond glass.be resumed his seal. < •You begin to look a little liko'yourself again now, said the blonde, ‘kbit a second ago you reminded me of the condition I was in once.' • VVnat condition was that!’ asked the hall-breed. • Weil, I killed a man once, and for two years was haunted by his ghost.’ As the blonde pronounced the word* ghost’ Jack, chanced to glance once again toward the mirror,when he again caught sight of the blood-stained apparition whioh be hadbeiore TbiB time be lesped to his feet and ottered an oath, but did not show such signs of ter ror as he had displayed a few second^ previ ously.. ‘ Hang it, old man 1’ said O'Neil, ‘ yon act like a man who was haunted by a ghost, for every time I use the word you go'shaking like an aspen leaf. Sit down and take another Jack did not want urging to take the drink and having recovered somewhat from his first terrors, with the aid of the fumes of the whiBky, he mustered sufficient courage to re sume bis seat. •I was telling yon about my ghoBt,’said the blonde. Jack winced but made no reply. • That ghost followed me for two years, but I laid him at last.’ ■How did you lay him?’ said Jaok,his eves bulging ont with eagerness. * * Well, I'll tell you some other time. What we want to talk abont now is business. This job I want you to get into with me is a good one, but there iB blood to be let.’ Jack involuntarily glanced in the glass; at the same moment a strange, sepulohral voice was heard to say: • No more blood 1 no more blood!’ The half-breed at this fell from his chair 1,3It was fully half an hour before M'Darragh managed to bring the fellow round. The instant Jack was restored the blonde aaiatobiin: Old man, what sent you off in that man ner^ ‘ I want to get away from here 1* murmured Jack, in husky tones. ! ‘ Why do you want to get away 7* I ‘ Didn’t yon hear that voice ?’ asked the halh breed. • -•-•i l”t> * Hear what voice ?’ 1A voice which said, “ Ho more blood I no more blood 1”’ ‘ No, sir 1 I heard no voice. ' Yon must be drank, or else yoa’re haunted.’ Jaak rose to his feet and moved toward the door. t ‘ Where are you going now ?’ BBked the blonde. * I am going to leave thiB house.' ‘ Well, if you won’t stay, I’m not going to ooax you.’ The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done so than he uttered a piercing scream and dashed the door to again. * Hang it, old man I you’re drunk, sure ! said the blonde, while a smile played over his face. * Oh, heavens !’groaned Jaok. * What’s the matter?’ asked O'Neil. ■Didn’t you eee it?' ■See what?’ ‘ Why—why, a— a—’ * A what? My aac, you are as drunk as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I ever saw, drunk or sober. Jack moved over to the far .part of the room, and said, pointing towards the en trance : , ‘ Open that door 1’ M'Darragh stepped forward and opened the door. Nothing was visible. ‘By thunder! I must be drunk or Im dreaming muttered Jack. . * Wnat did you think you saw ?’ asked the blonde’ ‘ The ghost of my mother,’answered the ■half-breed. - ■ : - * Did you kill your mother ?’ ‘No.’ ‘.Well, then, you’re drunk sure; for you wiil.bever ee6 a ghost unless it is the phan tom of some one you have murdered. I know that. The detective shut the door, when Jack tot tered across the room and opened the door himetlf. There, in the darkness, stood the form of Harry Trendall. The blood shone red on his fair locks, hiB face pale, and his eyes gloaming with a str nge light. •' Jack left the door standing open and, stag gering back into the room, asked, addreaeing the blonde: . •Do you see anything in that doorway? •No.’ ‘Areyou sure?’ ‘ Oh, go along with you, old man. You are only fooling. Don’t you suppose that f 1 Baw anything there I should say eo at mce?’ 17 The half-breed made a movement to pass ;hrough the door despite the presence of the phantom, when the latter raised his hand varningly, and motioned the terrified fellow ^Tne half-breed recoiled, after dashing the door to. * Well, I'll be hanged, old boy, if you ain’t making me nervous. I-guess you’re crazy ; you make my flesh crawl 1’ ‘ 1 caw it again 1’ ‘Saw what.” ‘ My mother’s ghost 1* , ■ . . ■ ‘ See here, Jack, you had better go home. I do not tbink you good company, i do not want you around here. You.make me ner vous.’ . r, Aa O’Neil spoke he advanced and opened the door. .’ Jaok glared in tho passage way and saw nothing. . . • There, get out; you are tight or crazy !' said.tbo blonde. The half-breed moved toward the door, thinking that probably the presence of the blonde might keep the apparition down, but the moment he reached the threshold-the attire appeared in view, and waved him baok as before. Once more the Indian recoiled, stricken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysteric • Ah, ha ! there it is 1 there it is 1’ ‘There's what?’ asked the blonde; ‘I see nothing!' The latter swung the door to and address ing Jack,said: . • See here, old man, there is something np with you. Now, tell me just what you think you eee.’ 'Jack was quite unnerved, and too much ehaken to lie any more, and he said: ‘ As I live, I saw the ghost of a man I need to know 1’ • Who is the man?' • A man who ran away.’ ‘ Ran away from where ?’ • 1 From a place up in the country.’ ‘ Then he must have been murdered I' ‘ I didn’t murder him 1’ ‘ You are speaking falsely 1' came a hollow voice. The half-breed’s tongue dove to the roof of his mouth. H13 face was horribly distorted, but he was speechless. O'Neil stood by, seemingly unconsoions of any sight or sound but that whioh fell from the suffering man before him. At length the half-breed found voice and ‘ Did you hear anything ?’ ‘ Nothing.’ ‘ The shadow spoke 1’ said Jack, in a gasp ing voice. O. j 8 • See here, old man, you’re keeping eome thing baok, said the blonde. • What do you mean?’ ‘ Whose ghost is it yon see ?’. ‘ The ghost of Harry Trendall.’ ‘ Why should his apparition'appear to yon, Jack ?’ ■ i do not know.’ ‘ ’Tis false 1’ came the voipe. • Did yon bear it then ?’ asked Jack, in trembling tones. 1 I.heard nothing.' 1 ■ Oh, what shall I do ?’ muttered Jaok, in a terrified tone. • If that ghost iB hannting yon yon must “lay ” him,’ said O’Neil. • How can I ?’ said Jaok. ‘ I tell you apparitions don’t haunt men unless they want them to do something; yon must find out what the ghost wants you to do, and you will be all right; that is the way 1 laid my ghoBt.’ • How oan I find out what the spirit wants me to do ?’ 1 You must speak to it.’ ‘I can’t.’ ‘ You might as well do it first as last, old man, for as it has left its grave once it will come to you until yon attend to what it Jack was silent, a seoond, bat at length mustered courage enough to say: ... • Open the door.’ 1 Will you speak to it?’ ... ‘Yes.’ The detective at once opened the door, when there, Btanding.in the passage- way,was the figure, terrible and ghastly^ as when first CHAPTER XXX. Calm and mot.'o Mess the figure stood. The half-breed stood equally motionless, bnt his contorted features were expressive of another mental condition than that of calm-. * Speak to it,’ said the blonde. ‘Do you see it?’cried Jack. " ■ ‘ No. but from your aotions I imagine that yon do,’ was the reply. ‘ Oh, it’s there!’ murmured Jack. ' Well, speak to it; you will never have a better chance.^ Dropping npon bis knees and raising his hands in a pleading manner. Jack began to move his lips, but - no sound issued from The shadow still stood Bilent and motion- j less. ; Jack at length contrived to.mumble: ‘ Would you'speak to .me ?’ I The apparition bowed its head. Jack's face became livid and his features worked with nervous twitohes, which were painful to behold. uH -l 1’ At last he managed to gasp: * What would you—you—’ Slowly the figure raised its arm and made a swaying motion, indicating jthat it desired Jack to follow it. _ Jack shook his head involuntarily, as muoh as to say, ‘ No, I will not follow thee, thou horrid Bbape.’ ‘ Wby don’t you speak to it it you see it?1 said M'Darragb. ‘ I have spoken to it, and it is motioning me to follow it.-' ‘ Don’t you do it.’ ‘ What shall I dot1 * Tell the thing to speak ont, and that yon will promise to obey its behests.’ Jack managed to artionlate the words : * Speak to me, and I will obey yonr com* mends.’ The lips of the ghost moved and, in a sep ulchral voice, aame the words : * Will yon swear ?’ ‘ Swear,’ said the blonde, eagerly. ‘ Did yon hear the voice then?' asked the halt-breed. M’Darragh saw that he had given himself away, but quickly recovered his ground by asking, innocently; i * Didn’t yon say something about awear ng ?’ \- * It was the ghost.’ . ‘ Well, it the ghost wants you to swear,' why swear away; you’ll have to do it sooner or later.’ ‘ 1 will swear,’ said Jack. The ghoat raised its hand and,in strangely awful tones, said: ‘ Swear that you will do as I instruct.’ f ‘ I swear 1’ said Jack. ‘ Your oath ie recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A instant’s silence followed. O'Neil innocently asked; * What is going on now ? What is the ghost doing V * Nothing.’ 1 Ask what it wants you to do, man; there must be something wrong.’ ‘ What would you have me do, Harry V said Jack. 1 You murdered me 1 said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause the phantom proceeded; ‘ You murdered me, and unless yon do as I command 1 will haunt you until the evi dence is secured that will lead to your execu ‘ What am I to do ?' asked Jack. 1 Go to some ona and reveal the hiding placa of Miss Edelin. * I will 1 ’ ' 150 ‘Do it, or you die!’ Again there was a pause, when the voioa repeated the word * remember,’ and disap ^ ‘ Thank heaven,’ muttered Jack. * Is it all over ?’ said O’Neil.' . .‘It’s gone.’ ‘ Well have you got a hard job ?’ ‘ No.’ The half-breed’s nerves were completely unstrung, his fierce, stubborn nature quite subdued. Alter a second he said: . • Close the door.’ M'Darragb did as requested. No suspicion seemed to hava crossed Jack a He evidently appeared to accept the scone tfa'Teal. ‘ Taka a drink !’ said the blonde. ' „ The half-breed had just managed to iaise a glasB to his lips and drink it eft, when the Votd. distinctly pronounced, tell upon his evr: * ll’mcmber !’ 0 Neil acted in a perfectly natural way and said: ‘ Now that you have got through with your ghost we can talk about the'business we have in hand,' ‘ Not now,' said the half-breed. 1 Why n.ot?' ' Are yon a friend of mine, Tom ?’ enquired the half-breed. 1 Certainly.’ ‘ Can yon hold a secret ?’ * Certainly.’ ‘Would you care to hear what the ghost said?’ ' Well, I am not particular, but I will listen to yonr story if it will ease your mind at all.’ ■‘ I have a seoret. ‘Well?’ * The.ghoat commanded me to reveal that secret.’ I Well, yon had better do as the ghoBt told you,' said O’Neil, carelessly. ' That is what I want to do.’ ‘ Do you wish to oonfide yonr secret to me, then ?’ ‘Yes. * Well, go ahead.’ ‘ I had a hand in the abdaotion of a gal.’ That is many a bad man’s case.’ * I am to reveal the place where that gal is concealed. * To whom ?’ ‘ The ghost didn’t say.’ * Well, you must interview the ghost again and find out who it wants yon to reveal the secret to.’ ' It said some one.’ II am some one.’ ‘ I will reveal the'secret to yon.’ ■ I am a good man to learn a secret.’ .* The gal’s name is Marian Edelin ; she is supposed to be dead, but she stiinlves and i3 kept a prisoner. It was hard for M'Darragb to avoid an ex olamation or expression whiah wonld have betrayed him. Ha managed, however, to keep both tongne and face, and remarked in. an indifferent manner: 1 Is the girl a relative?’ ‘No.’ . ‘ The girl yon are engaged to ?’ ‘No.’ ' Well, what have you to do with the mat ter ?’ ‘She is the girl the ghost was toJi&ve; married on the day he died.’ ‘ Go on with yonr story.’ ‘You have heard of the jewelled oorpse that was found a few days ago ?’ ‘Yes.’ ■ Well, that was the body of a gal that died in the hospital, and she was dreBsed in the real gal’s clothes.’ ■ ‘Oh, let me see,’said O’Nail, reflectively; ‘It strikes me that I read something about the oase. First there wae a man missing and then a girl.’ ‘ Yes.’ ‘ Well, the girl is not dead, then, after all?’ •No.’ ‘ Where is she hiding ?’ 1 She iB a prisoner in the house of some; paople near P-——.' ‘ What do they want to keep her a prisoner for ?’ " . I To get her property.’ , -.* How can anyone get her property as long she liveB ?’ ‘As soon as the excitement has blown over the gal will be poisoned and never keen' or heard of more. It is a' deep game, and when it is all played ont I am to have a big etske.’ ‘ And that is the reason you held your seoret eo well, you soamp!’ said the detec tive in a tone that eansed the half-breed to leap from hie feet and utter an exclamation of astonishment. ‘ Your game is played out, Jack.’ ‘Who are you F asked the halt-breed, in strange tones. . ' ‘I am a ohap who baa been on your track for the last few months, and at last I have run you-to earth.’ A certain revelation seemed' to flesh over the half-breed’s mind and he eried : ‘ Yon are a detective 1’’ II am, and you are my prisoner!’ Jaok clapped bis hand behind him to draw 1 a pistol, but before be could make a move- j ment to use the weapon was seised from the i rear.-'- ■ . ' ' I In a tone of absolute despair he groaned: 41 am sold !’ v AX Li ‘ Yee. you aro, yon soonndrel I’ ' The Indian turned hiB bead and fonnd that -he was in the graBp of the ghost. Harry Trendall did not seem much like a phantom at the moment, and yet hie pre sence in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve hie prisoner more than if he had been an ap parition. ‘Harry Trendall, alive 1’ ejaculated the half-breed. ‘ Ye3, I am; but no thanks to you, yon j scoundrel!*' i M'Darragh stepped forward at this instant and before Jack was aware of what was to transpire he found hia hands clasped in a pair of steel bracelets. ‘ Yonr race of orime is run, my man 1’ said M'Darragh. Jack was perfectly mate for a-few seconds; at length his dark face assumed a dreadful hue as he said : ‘ You haven't got your game your own way yet.’ ‘ Oh, yes, we have,’ said O'Neil. * You think the girl lives V ‘Yes.’ J She is dead,’ said Jack, in a tone of joy. ‘ I lied.' Harry Trendall sprang towards the miser able wretch, when the detective intervened and said: • It is no use for you to tell any more lieB, Jack; I secured the girl before I secured * • i am not lying now.’ \ ‘ I know you are.’ ‘ Why- did you play the ghost on me theD?’ ‘ I wanted evidence -to hang yon, and I wanted a witness, cs you were the only wit ness of yonr dreadful crime.’ The half-breed saw that his whole game was up. The calm, resolute man, who had been following him day after day under various disguises, had played hiB game carefully and There was no 6Soape for the fellow. Jack wae silent for awhile, but at laBt he ‘ Will you grant' mo one favor ? If you will, I will confess everything you went to 