IS POETItY DVING. (Edmund Gosxe, In the New York Forum.) Is poetry, In Its vsry «esenne, uu arabaio and rudimentary form of Kxprer sion, still galvanised Into raot.lou, Indne i, by antlquarlanlsm, hut really obwilHe, and therefore to tie cultivated onlv at a risk of affectation aud insinoerily ; or la It an art capable of Incessant renovation — a living organism wbicb grows on tbe whole, with tbe expansion of modern lire? In otber words, is the art nf verse one which, like muBlc or painting, delights aud consoles ub wltb a species nf expression whlob can never be super seded, beoaune it Is In danger of uo direct rivalry from a similar apeoies; or wan poetry merely tbe undeveloped, though In ItBelf the extremely beautiful, Infancy of a type wblah is now an adult, and which has relinquished Its obarmlng puerilities for a mode of expression infinitely wider and of more practical utility? Soulptors, singers, painters, must always exUt; but need we bave poets any longer, since tbe world has dis covered bow to say all It wants to eay In proee? Will anyone wbo has anything or importance tn communicate be likely In tbe future to express it through tbe the medium of metrical language? Probably tbere would be no need to face tbis question, either in this generation or for many generations to come, it it had not been for a single circumstance. Tbe great enemies of tbe poets of the present are tbe poets of the past, and the anti quarian Bpirlt of tbe nineteenth century has made the cessation of the publication or rresh verse a possibility. The intel lectual condition or our times differs from that of all preoeding ages In no otber point so mucb as in Its attitude to wards tbe writings of the dead. In those periods or renovation which bave re freshed the literatures of tbe world, tbe tendency bas always been to Btudy some one class of deceased writers with B&ec-; tion. Tbe aotivity of tbe dead Is now paramount and threatens to paralyse original writing altogether. Every poetic writer of any age precedent to our own baB now a chance of popularity, often a very much better chance than he pos sessed dnring his own lifetime. Iu this great throng of resuscitated souls, all of whom have forfeited their copyright, bow is the modern poet to exist? He has no longer to compete— 88 ' his great fore fathers did, from Homer down to Ben' witb the leading spirits of bis own gene ration, but with the picked genius of tbe world. At every turn the thronging company of tbe ghosts Impedes and dis heartens tbe modern writer, and it is .no wonder it tbe new OrpheuB throws down bis lyre in deBpair wben tbe road to bis desire is held by such an invincible army of spectre?. Oo the whole, however, it is highly unlikely tbat tbe antiquarian passion of our age will last. Already it gives signs of wearing out, and it will probably be succeeded by a spirit of un reasonable intolerance of the past. In tellectual invention will not allow Itself to be pinioned for ever by these soft and universal cords of tradition, each as slight as any gossamer in itself, but over whelming in tbe immense mass. As for tbe old poets, young verse-writers note with glee tbat tbey are being caught tn the butterfiy net of education, were tbey will soon find tbeattraotive feathers rubbed off their wings. One by one tbey Pbbs into text- books and are lost. Chau cer Is done for, and so Is Milton ; Gold smith Is annotated, Scott Is prepared for ' lojal examinations, ' and even Byron, tbe loose, tbe ungrammatlcal, in edited aa a achool-boofc. The noble army of ex tension lecturers will eoarcely pause in their onward march. We shall see Wordsworth captured, Sbelley hnlled down for the use of babes, and Keats elaborately annotated, witb bis blunders in classical mythology exposed, Tbe schoolmaster is the only friend the poet of tbe future dares to look to, for be alone ban tbe power to destroy the loveliness and mystery which are tbe charm of the the old poets. Even a second-rate verse writer may hope to live by tlie side of an Elizabetban poet edited for tbe Clarendon It Is usually said in hasty generalisa tion, that the po»try of the present age is unique In tbe extreme refinement of its exterior mechanism. Those who eay tbis are not aware that tbe great poets where virile simplicity and robust carelessness of detail tbey applaud, bave almost with out exception, been scrupulously atten tive tn form. But wbat is true is tbat a oare for form aud a considerable skill In the technical art nf verse have been ac quired by writers of a lower older, aud that this wort of perfection is no longer tbe hall-mark of a greac master. We may expect it, therefore to attract less attention in the future; and al though. assuredly, the bastard jargon of Walt Whitman, and kindred returns to sheer barbarism will not be accepted, technical perfestloo will more and more be taken br a matter or course, as a por tion or tbe poet's training wblob shall be as indispensable and bb little worthy ot notice as tbat a musician should read his notes correctly. Less effort, there fore, is likely to be made, in the imme diate future, to give pleasure by the manner of poetry, and more skill will be expended on thesubject-matier. Poetry, if It exist at all, will deal, aod probably to a greater degree than ever before, witb thoBe more frail and ephemeral shades of emotion which prose scarcely ventures to describe. Tbe existence of a delicately organised buman being iB diversi fied by divisions aod revulBlnns of sensation, ill defined desires gleams of Intuition, and tbe whole gamut of spiritual notes descending from exults tlon to despair, none of wbicb have ever been adequately treated exoept In tbe hieratic language of poetry. The most realistic novel, tbe closest psychological analysis as prose, does no more tban skim the suface of the soul ; verse bas tbe privi leged descending iuto lie deptb. In tbe future, lyrical po»ty will probably grow lesstrival and leas conventional, at tbe risk of being Iobs popular. It will Inter pret what prose dares not suggest. It ?will penetrate further into the complexity nf buman Benaatlon, aod, and untroubled by tbe neoesslty of formulating a creed, a theory, or a story, will describe wltb deli oats accuracy, and under a veil of artistic beauty, tbe amazing, the unfamiliar, and even tbe portentous phenomena wbicb It encounters. The snolal revolution or evolution whlob most sensible people are I now oonvlnced Is Imminent will surely require a species of poetry to aocompany Its oouree and to celebrate its triumphs. If we oould foresee what form tbis species I will take,- we should know all things. But we must believe tbat it will be demo cratic, and tbat to a degree at present un- 1 imaginable, Tbe aristocratic tradition Ih still paramount In all art. Kings, prlnoeeses, and tbe symbolB nf chi valry are as essential tn poetry, bb we now oonoelve it, as roses, stars or nightingales. Tbe poet may be a pronounced Socialist ; be may be Mr. William Morris; but tbe oligarchic Imagery pervades bis work as completely as ir be were a troubadour of tbe 18th century. It Is difficult to understand wbat will be left if this romantic pbrase |g destroyed, but it Ib still more dlffloult to believe tbat It can survive a complete soolal revolution. A kind of poetry now scarcely cultivated at all may be ex peoted to oooupy tbe attention of tbe poets, whether Sbolallam hastens or de lays. What tbe Germans understand by eplcverse— that Is to say, short and highly finished studies in narra'lve— lea class ot literature whlcn otters unlimited oppor tunities. Wbat may be dime in ti la dlreotlon is Indicated In France by the work of M. Copi he. Iu Eogland and America we have at prem-nt nothing at all like it, the Idylllo stories of Mr. Coventry Patmore presenting the closest parallel. The modern interest In the drama, nnd tbe ever-growluu desire to see lltprature once mure wedded lo Lhn stage, will, It oan hardly he doubted, lead to a revival of dramatio poetry. In religious verse something, and in philosophical verse much, remains lo be done. Tbe wider hope bas eoarcely found a singer yet, and tbe deeper speculation has been very Imperfectly and empirically cele brated hy our poete. Whether love, tbe very cod Ira I fountain of poetic Inspiration In the paBt, can yield many fresh varia tions remains to be seen. 