i'ovci Ot. Olicil l'Darragh, J1E IS/S DERTECZIVE S )'i, THIE: STRATEGY OF A , BRAVE MAN. :'buic. Ili' OLD . SLEIUTH. CII1PTEII XXVIII.-(CootoxnED.) Slut, ity dear fellow, I have a big game I sont to get you into, which will pay pounds to penIiaes aginLt far,.' 2: SO.?'t we talk It over toemorrowl' N*dlhti is the time flo our bucineas, old a?li. I tell you,' added trio bloode, with a oarelte laugh, ' I like to Ret talking about oulneay*nakn.ig at the hour wloon graveyards )uon and lhe dead itl pliotaoom torm go prowrlng aruoutl.' SIlHeh I hubh I' said Jaok, as hin eyeballs ctarted aul lial bu began to trarsilo unlder him, WVnat is the nratter with you? IIong itll you shake ilke a mano who has the ague, and your eyes glare like two live coals, while, ot my life, your isit: setads on end like a por. cupmne' quills I I'll give you aome whisity, old fllow ; your atrves arn unstrung, or you lAvn seen nulething,' said thi blonde, in a tone of badinage. SGive ton a ditk and lot me out of hero I' gasped Jack. S\1'llt st earth do von owant to get out of here for? Why, man, there's not ta soul in this house, but. over inca I mentioned toot dark chap who you ?ay is . deocetlve, you hbave been acting like a man who has aseen a ghboe.' ulIAPI'Elt XXX. I Dn'nt Ipealt of glhosts,' wailed Jack, in an. ooeo to the nlandol ' rLninrke with which we cl I1n d 1: nr..vioui chosuter. O'N?al oi Ilt.ar;l: rose from his esat and, going to : c:.paoird in oea corner of the rooml, brought iotlt a buttle and a coauple of J.?e seized the bottlo the moment it was puS on tll tt:le, and fouring oon of the glassees nlly ltall, ht drank it ull without a 'j OGeorge! you wct'st dry I' excltimed trio blotide. SG.Vta linthe money you promised and I'll gt iout ul here.' 'No, no, eto down. I tell you I have a big jou on ilmnd, and tm?res is n heap of mooney in it, we ani turn il in fl, days-money enough Sto keep uo lot lilt: ' Tou hal-'-rted ventured another glnce atl lt Paa stdeelled there only his own dark vnglileu, to woielo tse co:uur had returned by tlelTut o I tfI o l0avy glear of whisky he d .to dowo, eit downl ' said O'Neil. 'I tell youu cl nie. 1 11 makel you riol, : and you'll have a not lull u there fullows if you'll only eo;tle s wn to bulined.' As tle eoudo epokte he displayed a roll of bauto uutee. Tno n.libtreed' eyes at once gleanmed with unothr light far dllfferent from that which only a ctcutAd as two betol hold illuminated Lboul. Tuu ouras on hi·d?2nl n.t- l lonl I3va of gantu bhiog, and to gratily tius pa~uion he must hav- money. tlroe wan a man dinp!l)ing heavy notes nod nasil.g :i?n to bhcomu a eharcer in apisn to obtain ittounranoe. A• la lie mo:zend the bottle and drank off a b, syJ ,aintu, As hie drank ffIT thesocond glass he resumed his soent. ' Yo begini to look a little like yourself tgio I now, i:l tite blonde, ' &tt; a seeood ag i you reulllnud LmU O thu condition I weeas to unoe.' '\VWat condition was that ?' asked the ball-b:eed. ' Weil, I killed a man once, and for two yeara was ltatt?ldl by hil ghoot.' .As the blonde pronounced the word' ghost' Jack lchltnltd to glance onco again toward the mirror,lhen ie ovgaiu couglht sight of thoe blood.staiued apparition which he badheioea Been. This tino te lerped to hilfoel and uttered an oath, but did sult lhow onch eigns of ter. tor as he had dioap:.yd a foev e?ooude previ. ously. 'Hlug it, old man I' said O'Nail, 'you not like a luau who wOc haunted by a ghost, for every timoe 1 mno the v orld you go shaking liko an aspen leo.,. Sit down and take anothoer drink.' Jaock did not want urging to take the drink -lid Ilavilnl; recovereid esonlllhat from his first telrore, wilh thel id of thie fumes of the viihoy, lie lonstlrcd ~ dallicient courage to re 1 n' w enling you about my ghost,' said tle bIloldI. Jack winced bet made no reply. 'Tlhat hlo.t followed me for two yearn, but I laid hint at ist.' 'Ilow did you lay him '' said Jack, his ? al ibulging out with ea;oirneru. ' Wall, I'll oll you mom olther tilie. Whlat ivo want to talk stout now in buincdu. lThis job I want you to got into willt ml iin ta od one, but there is blood to be let.' Jack involuntarily glailcod in the 1:la0s; at the sano InOlolilt at strange, nIepulelcal voice wvan heard to uly : 'No more blood I no morn tlood I' The halltbreel at this tell from his clhair in a lit. It was fully halt an hour beefre L' l?larranh manteaged to brie;i Iho folloIw ruotd.. T 0ho inlant Jaclk ,,a b restored the blenda wiu to him : old mau, what oentl you off il that eanu ' want to gel, nly frqmt herpC I' rlluOurued Jlck, in hulky tl?see. .,r 1 Why to you want to go: away?' Didn't you hear that voies?' soled the hbll- breed. SHlear what voice?' 'A voice which raid," No more blood I no marn blood I"' ' No, sir I Iheard no voice, You must be drunk, or else you're haunted.' Jack rose to hi faeet and moved toward the door. ' Whero are you going now?' asked the blonde. I am going to leave this houso.' V Wll, it you won't stay, I'm not going to COAx you.' The half-breed then went to the door and opened it, but had no sooner done no than be uttered a picroing scream and dashed the door to again. ' Hang it, old man I you're drunk, eure l' said theo blonde, while a smile played over his face. 'Oh, heavens l' groaned Jack. 'What's the mattorl' asked O'Neil. ' Didn't you seoo it?' 'See what ' ' Why--why, a- a 'A what? My mn, you are as drunk as a boiled owl. You talk more mysteries than any man I over saw, drunk or sober.' Jack moved over to the far part of the room, and said, pointing towards the on. trance: ' Open that door I' Mhl'lDrroglh tepped forward and opened the door. Nothin:g was vinible. 'IBy thinder I I must he drunk or I'm dreaming muttered Jack. W'eonat did you rtractU you saw ?' asked the bloode' ''The ghost of my mother,' answered the hall-breed. 'Didl you kill your mother?' 'No.' SWell, then, you're drunk sure I for you will never aso a ghost unloes it in the phan to of el torm one you have murdered, I know that. The detective shut the door,when Jalrk tot. terod noroes the room and opened the door himself. There, in the darkness, stood the form of Harry Trendall. The blood shone red on his fair looks, his face pale, and his eyes gleaming with a str ngo light. JacK lete the door standing open and, stag. goring btchk into the room, asked, addrousing the blonde: ' D youa sea anything in that doorway?' 'No.' 'Are you sure?' 'On, go along with you, old man. You are only fooling. Dbn't you suppose that if I saw anything there I should say so at once?' 1 7 The half-breed made a movement to pass through Cho dour despite the preeonce of the phsntum, when the latter raised his hand warningly, anud motioned the terrified fellow back. Too half-breed recoiled, after dasbing the door to. ' Well, I'll be hanged, old boy, if you ain't making me nervous. I goesn you're orazy; you make my dlesh crawll' '*1 saw it agan I' SSa:v what;' p My mother's ghost I' c Se here, Jack, you had better go home. I do not think you good company. I do not want you around here. You make me ner. As O'Neil poke heto advanced and opened the door. Jack glared in the passage way and saw nothing. 'h euTre, get out; you are tight or crazy ! said the bloeotle. The hallhruit.d moved toward the door, thinkillng that probably tihe prerenoe of the bloune mighlt keep the apparition down, but the moment he reaoned tno threshold the figure appeared in view, and waved him balck an before. Ooco mora the Indian roeoiled, stricken with terror, and exclaiming, in wild, hysteria tones : , Ah, ha I there it is I there it in I' STaure'a whlat?' asked the blonde; ' I see nothing I' Thu latter svung the door to and address ing Jack, said: ' See nere, old man, there is something op with you. Now, tell me just what you think you see.' Jack was quite unnerved, and too much ahaken to lie any more, and he said: ' As I live, I saw the ghost of a man Iused to know I' S\Who is the manl' ' A man who ran away.' ' i?n away from where?' ' From a place up in the country.' 'Tcnen he must have been murdered I' I didn't murder him l' 'You are speaking falsely I' came a hollow voie. Tohl halt-breed's tongue olove to the root t his moutlh. ofia (nao was horribly distorted,but he was Bpeechless. O'oetl stood by, seemingly unconscious of any sight or sound but that which foll from the oulItring man beforo him. At leugth the hall.breed found voic and asked: ' Did you hear anything?' 'Nothing.' ' The shadow spoke I' said Jack, in a gasp. tno voice. O oh 'Sea her, old man, you're keeping some. thing back, said the blonde. ' What do you mean?' * Whose gholRt id it you see ' * Thie ghoat of Harry Trendall.' ' Why should his apparition appear to you, Jack 1' 'i do not know.' ' Tis falso I' Coam the voice. 'Did you hoar it then ?' asked Jack, in trembling tones. o I heard nothing.' 'Oh, what shall I dot' muttered Jack, in a terrifled tone. ;[ that ghost is haunting you you must "lay" him,' said O'Neil. ' flow can C?' said Jack. ' tell you apparitions don't haunt men unless they want them to do something; you must find out what the ghost wants you tso do, and you will be all right ; that in the way I laid my ghost.' ' fl wncan 1 inda out what the spirit wants mo to dol' 'You must speak to it.' 'I can't.' T You might as wll do it first as last, old man, for ca it hball le its gr?lve none it will como to you until you attend to what it wants. Jaok was silent a neaond, butat length Botelrecd courago enough to say: * Op:n the door.' ' WiA: you speak to it?' ' Ye".' Tite deotctiro at once opened thie door, ,lohe, there, tandiong in thelpassa0oers ry,wao the lijuro, terrible sand ghastly as when llrt CUAPTERI XXX. Calm and cno:uo Ilie the figuro stood, Thle lll.rbreed atoool equally motionles, i but hiO conertod ftcl rel wroro exproosoiva ot another mentlal ,coditio than that Cl o atnlt SHcileak to it,' aid thie blonde. 1 oyou ee it?' oried Jolack,. o No. but rol yotlr atoliotlls I inmaino thait t yo dlot' we0 lthu reply. D (,, i'c llhreo I' o otnltlaooedl ,Ito!, , \ell, op,,alc to it; you will never hlavu a bcttir olhanc.' tLopPIn uo010 lhill hotoeo acd raoRinig hci halnd i ct a plea'ioln tg nleat:r, Jack hlogUooo to Io0vo hlia lips, buhlo no onad ilouod tromlo T)1m ohadow still stood nilent nod motlon. J.o at length odotrivcd to mumbleo: W Vouod you spoalc to m e?' .. . .. · . .... "E ' " "?,. Teo apparition bowed its head. Jaock ' face became livid and hios feature? worked with nervous twitobhe, whidh were poilnfu to behold. v , ol u At last he ma, llogd to gasp , W rat would you--you- Slowly the figure raised its arm and mado a swaylog motion, indiaelong that it desired I Jack to follow it. Jack shook his heabod nvolnntnrlly, ns moh A to say, 'No, I willnot follow thee, thou horrid ohopo.' 'Why don't you spook to it it yoo see it?' said MI'Darrogh. 'I have spoken to it, and it ie motloninl I mo to follow it.' ' Doll'tyou do it.' 'lhnt shall I dot' ' Tell tleo thing to speak out, and that yoo will plomiso to obey its behosts.' Jack managed to articulate the words: Speak to me, and I will obey your com. monds.' The lips of the ghost moved and, in a ony. ulohral voice, tame the words : 'Will you swear?' 'Swer,' sald the blonde, eagerly. 'Did you hear the voioo then?' asked tho hall.breed. II'Drraghs saw that he had given Iimseolf away, but quickly recovered his grounod by asking, Innocsntly: i Didn't you soy something about swear. ng?' 'It wos the ghost.' ' \eoll, if the ghost wants you to swear, why swear away ; you'll have to do it sooner or Inter.' '1 will swear,' said Jack. Tihe ghost raisd its hand and,in strangely awful tones, said: ' Scenr that yon will do as I instruct.' 'I wer l' mid Jack. 'Your oath i recorded, and if you fail you die instantly. A nstaot's silonce followed. O'Neil innocently asked : 'WIhat is going on now? What is the gh1o0t doing 7' 'Nothing.' 'Ask what it wants you to do, man ; theor must he somethiong wrong. 'What would you have mo dn, Harry?' said Jack. You murdered mel said the ghost. Jack made no answer to this charge. After a considerable pause the phantom pro:ooedd : 'YYu murldered me, and Unoleass you do as I comtmand I will hoont you until the cnt. (hnso is se?redl oilet will lead to your exenout. lion.' ' Wnat am I to do ' askeed Jack, ' (iJ to o:uoa one and reveal thu hiding. Splace of Ilits iEdelin. I willr ' tills ' Do it, or you die I' Again there was a pause, when the voice repeated the word 'roomember,' and disap. Spoared. 'ToTank heaven,' muttered Jack. 'a it all uver?' said O'Neil. 'It's onoe.' 'Well have you got a hard iob 1' 'No.' Too hall.breed's nerves were completely unstrung, his lisros, stubohrn nature quits subdued. Alter ano eeod he said: ('lose lie door.' MIDorrsa;h did as requested, G No susplcion seetmed to havoscrooned Jock s mind. ie evidenotly appeared to acoopt thlo eceno as roel. ''obe a drink I'said the blonode. Tloe h?al-breed had jost manelled to raise eaold a gloas s to is talk about the udrink its on, heay the now,' sincdly ptrload, tl uponlfrd. his eor : W hm:ner ol' Ar Nyouil a friend of mine, Tom' uralnquway irond 'theow that you ve o throgh with yo gC an you holdt about the bu ess Vo have in hainly.' 'Would you arno t hear what the ghostd. Ssaidhy no' Well, I am nrieotd o mineular, buTom I will at hall.'bred. ' an you hold a s e rret . The ghost oummanded son to reveal that ' Tertinly' ' Well, you ar to hter dowhat the ghost told you said O'Neil, rlesly. 'oWell, wham not want ular, but I willdo listeno yo wish to yor story iit will eas your me, at al't is many a had man se.' ' I havto a l the pl whu that ase iret.n T whomll ' 'eT ghost dtnd't soy.' S aVell, you ad better do as th ghost again you,' said Oth eil, olrlelely. hd ldolt is what want w to do.' Serort wt h o o.' oodeyour ret to me, ' will reveal thetad. to you.' ' I ha hand main to abd a seretgal.' hat gals many a bad mans as in.' Ssuppo amd to e del the poo shoer sil that gandl it conet a prierd. It wits hard four hDurragh to avoid an ex. omTo whom eprssin whih would a' Us mhenghoet didn, hnwer, to keep a.th tongu nd ellae, U must interview an indght again and tndou who it al you reveal th 'nerer to.' W The girl you aro engaggd to ?' INo id someone.' 'Wall, some one.' do with th ' SeI wil ro evearl the ghost was to heo.' ' amied good mn to learn a seret'ed 'Th ga n a i it n Eayon; s i.' supposedo hae dead, betof she lewll dvs nodpo3 kept a prisoner. tIot was hard or rrysag to ? id an o ato or epre n ioh would have e mna'o, however, to keep boa gal th t dong and thn al, and maked in dress in ditrolo t is the girl. a relative' S llhe, h girl youin not dna tad e, ' ltora 'No.' we Wel, what have you to do with the matb tare' lhere in the ghost was to have married on tie d died.'I'-.' 'You hiae heard of the k owelled a orpso tlat was ound Ift law dtays ago ?' 'o Watllo theat wa the body o a gal that died iW the yloui a, and slke was dressed in the real gao lot pthes.' 'O U, let me see,' 0oi O'Ntil, ropoetivolyo; Itstrl.ae rad oneomehing bou the lase, firet there was aman missing and tA etn n girl' tion e to In o Selol, the girl is not dead, then, oler all c ' SWheore i u sie h oiding o' i It ie a prisyooner io the Ilous ol hom paoplo t near in h o n '-o r.' 'ienl tohndo they wano to klo her a prisoner Ior o' 'Wlow ocn ornyono got bolr property as long or heao aol nloroe, Io i a deeno yoomo, and 'nee d tllat io the riason you ilool your soooro oo well, yo.' scampi' enid iJe deice. t n0t0n0sh00rooo oiYoor o meosl Is pobyed out, ;oronooee tonel, .I nll a oolo!o who Ino boon on your track a pioo}, loot ltoloro hoo' oolold ionolo s nlow.' men1t to n 0 the wpotnO0 ws eelined from lina in a oone of absolute despair he groaned: 'I B noold i' 'Yeu. you are, you aoeundrel I' The Indian turned hie bead and found that he was in the grnop of the ghost. Harry Trondall did not seem much lileo a phntomn at the moment, and yet his pro. se00e in flesh and blood appeared to unnerve his prisoner more than if he had been an ap. parition. H'arry Trondnll, alivo1' ejasulated the halbt.boecd. 'Yoa, I am; but no thanike to you, you etoondrol I' l'l)srrah steopped forward at this instant and before Jack was aware of what was to transpire he found his hands clasped in a pair of steaool bracelets, ' Your aooc of crime is run, my man I' said M'Darragh. Jeok was perfectly mate for a few seooonde at length ohia dark face assumed a dreadful hue oas ho enid You haven't got your game your own way yet.' Oh, yea, we hae,' said O'Neil. ' You think the girl livee' Yee.' 'She is dead,' said Jack, in a tone of joy. I tied.' Harry Trendell sprang towards the miser. able weteh, when the detective intervened and said: ' It is non use form you to tell any more lies, Jack; I secured the girl before I scoured you.' ' I am not lying now.' 'I know you are.' 'Why did you play the ghost on me then?' 'i wanted evidence to hang you, and I wanted a witness, as you were the only wit. neso of your dret.dfal crime.' ThO halfnbreed oaw that his whole game was up. Thu calm, resolute man, who fhad been following him day afior day under various disguisee, had played hie game carefully and well. There was no escape for the fellow. Jack was silent for awhile, but at last he said: ' Will you grant me one favor? If, you will, I will confets everything you want to know.' CIIAPTER XXXI, ' What is the favor you wish me to grant, J:ok ?' ' You must give me your word of honor and then I'll put evidence in your handa to clear up all monyserise-after I fulfil my part you must fulfil yours.' I ean mako no blind promise.' 'Then I must be silent.' 13 'Your silelneo oan do no harm now. I have learned about all I want to know, and I have sufiolent evidenue to rend you whore you will be harmlesle for the 'next twenty Jack's Ince was a fearful poture of extreme agony as he said: '1 am ant Indlau, and do not fear death; but iompeisonmenrt to me would be more tero rible than a handled deaths; Shoot me, oh, in meroy, abhut me l' ' I am sorry for you, Jack, but I must do my duty ; you Ihav been engaged in several terrible orimoee, and the law must take its course.' The half.breed was then takenot away and plaed in the watnohouso and from thence to Darlioghlrel. The oargl aogainst him was the murdetous assault on Harry Trendlll. The latter would have pleaded for the half. breed, and refused to maer a charge against hi,', were it not for the foot that it was not in the power of the detective to permit Jack to go. MlDarragh was regularly enrolled in the poloce foreo, ant disgrace would have fallen upon hinm had he coneonted to the hai. breed's relneae. A dillioult job still remained for the dote.c tine to perform. Marian Edelin wen yet to he released. ItIDarragh felt certain that Jack had told the trueth in the first plaon, when he said that M?Irian wan a prisoner in Jonathan Turner's house, It was a very probable thing, at lealt, as tile Turner mansion was situated in a park, at least a mile removed from any other reit. dense. Benides, the detective had learned one very suspicious faot-all the servants had been die. missed from Ridge Grove on the plea that Mir. Turner and his wife were going to more to the city. Weeks lhad passed and the removal had not taken placo; on the contrary, Mlr.Turner and his wife had remained eseluded in their home, refobing to see company on one plea and another. Ahd all that time they were dependent on the eerviees of on3 servant-a girl lho claimed to have been an old servant in Mrs. Turner's family before the latter left Eng land. One important fact it is necessary to ro. cord. M'Darragh wad well acquainted with the character of Mre. Turner. He know her to be a desperate and re vengeful woman, who, in the last extro . miny would perform any act, no matter how fiendish. It ,oas late at night when a man alighted from a train at the station nearest to Ridge Brove. He was dressed in an uncouth manner and looked like an lid farmer. He did not linger around the station, hut started afoot tite nastsnt he left the train and took the road leading to the Turner mann. sion. He was a rapid walker, and soon reached the belt of woods frequently described during the course of our narrative. Once under the shadow of the trees, he darted into thu woods and disappeared on the aide leading toward Indian Jack's cabin in the lforest. 11olt an hour after the singular stranger's dieoppearance into the forest, a figuro came otealing out upon the road from the same di. tetilont. One glanoe was suillloient to indioate that thl individual was all Indian. The latter was dreosedl in the rough clothes that had uunally been worn by tlie half.breed when sauntering around his oa tive hills. Upon his feet, however, instead of boots were a pair of ornamental moeoneins, which enabled him tot move over tnue round wilth noiselee- step. H1o made lia way straight to Ridge Grove house. The hour was past midnight. The mansion utood onl the bluff or knoll whouh roae at least liltoon feet above the surrounding level, thus giving the houso a lolty and iomposing sappearance, and causong it to coot its shadow far noroas thle well-kept lawn, \Vlrne thie man came under the shabdow ol the house ohe passed round it enveral times, sttulying every window. Every light seured to bIe out, as not the fointaluaoo glhu r struEggld lthroughl any of tlho oninronlot. Tloe folloo oarriad a small esatchlel with limoo, oand after lhaving ntiolierd himoolf in the purposoe wbhiulh oild causedl him to pass roound ond rounld the lourse, lo came to a lalt under the lshadow of the roar prtio,llthe roof of wlich was on a !oo vl with tl0 e nccond utory Th manll oro olenold li salchelol and drew forth a ,tout knllottE roLpe, 00eon th eod of which was adjust0d a large studl hloo, so er. raolo;od on to bie caily loade fast to aly pro. jeotin',, object. 'lo hrll.hrooe wn= vry' deliberate oin every 11(,O 1.1n11o ; at 0s tl o on r lin o)poosoooo no hillot ho, lo,' lool o',vioeooliy co000 fou llyr , plled to crooy io 00000. One ukilfull lthrow lnnded the hloolk ooon tIh cdolo ol the olortlioe reoof, andl at once, ill an nl:ilU lOnner, til Intst commonnced to aectrd, i(o no:o trt.sootn o0t 12i 