BONNIE KATE. (A SERIAL STORY.) CHAPTER yLVUl-^Concluded.) Br Mas. R. S. DK CouBcr LAPP AN. Author of "Louis Drayoott," "Geoffrey Stirling," " Cosmo Gordon, &a;, &o.; From her childhood she had been too open, too guileless, for those belonging to her to credit the donning of such a cloak as that. The happy, " scrappy^' home by the river had been uue in which were no lurking-places, no closed door*. no Uribi or btta. Hie light of. day, of ''•v. <>i jierfect confidence, shown in every vmuiiy and corner of their hearts and lives. Kate bad speculated as to "John's people?" wondered at- none of them coming to the marriage; saucily suggested that they were jealous of her. No, no, no! there was no way oat of the coit that was about her through such a conceit that. It has taken more time to write down these thoughts than they took to flash through Kate's mind. Meanwhile Will stood staring' at the door through which Miss Libbie had vanished from his amazed eyes. He felt like one who walks in sleep, and sees visions of things unreal. All was so new, so strange, so unexpected. . Tt vas so-hard to realize Kate, their bonnie Kate,- Uncle Anthony's darling, the apple of Aunt Cynthia's-eye, amid such surrotmdinRB, exposed to such coarse misoonstcnction and vituperation. "Kate, "he said at last, turning sharply on h«r—"Kate, what .is all this? What does it mean? Who is this intolerable woman who claims to be one of your husband's people ?" Then he was silent a moment, while the hot blood rushed to his face, dyeing his brow crimson even to the roots of his crisp, bright curia. a A-new thought had struck William Dennis Pierre point. " Can it be? Elate, forgive me if I hurt you, dear. Kate, did John Granger steal you from us under false pretences ?" He drew his breath heavily, bending over; her, his eyes searching hers. She held out her poor, trembling hands' towards him, as in their happy childhood she had been wont to do when anything hurt or frightened "little Kate," the tears burs" from her drowned eyes, her voice was broken by little, short SODS. "It was because he loved me so dear— beoause he loved me so dear." She could think of no better shield, no better, defence for her dear one, than the sweet words his .mother's lips had uttered. " Loved you so dear!" echoed Will, clasping the cold hands in his. "Those are not your own words, Kate; why do you speak in suoh fashion 4S that?" " Because the words are good and true, and' to me their echo is sweet. He loved me, and feared to lose me, not that he would have done so. If I had known all the truth, and more, I! sliould still have stood by John's side against all the world* against you, against Aunt 1 Cynthia," then, in a hushed, awed whisper,! "against Uncle Anthony." • "And yon love him like-that?" " I love him like that t There is no music in' life for me when the sound of his voice is not.| If I were set far away where the touch of his! hand could -not reach me, I should feel like, one banished to some waste and desolate place, where no flower could blaeaom, and no bird SUJR."' ; '' Thank .God that this (treat love is yonrs," said. Will*-his •voice all a-qniver ttahe spoke J **• You-natt have needed i* all. Poor Kate i l>oor Kate! to face what yoa had to f&cel;" - She was oh fain feet in a moment; the tears dried in the blaie that lit up her great sad wes; her hands pressed against her breast,- that heaved as the billow heaves in the breath' of the storm. _ " Hugh •" she said; " never speak to me' like that. I have laid my heart bare to you: that yon may feel chained to silence forever. The wrong was mine as well as his. I thought' only of myself, and now with all my love Ii cannot content him. He sees faults in me that : heia too tender to tell meof. Ihaveways and fads and fancies that are alien to him. I am trying to discipline mysfilf—trying to be mors likefa im day by day. By God's help I shall grow so at'last. I shall learn to set less store by little fancies; I shall be quite a different Kate one of these days you wQl see." . Will's faoe was covered with his hands. Of all the fancy pictures he had drawn of Kate in her new home this was the last, the most unlikely. . ' He seemed to go on from one amazement to another, each greater than the last. Truly in this tearful, passion-shaken, earnest-hearted woman it,was difficult to recognise that Bonnie Kate who had been the sunshine of the old' home, the merry companion of his boyish escapades, the girl with a solemn wonder in her eyes plighting her troth to John in the church by the river. Yet even now Will called to mind words spoken by one whom love and the near ap proach of the world unseen and spiritual made keen to read the hearts of those about him. "She will always take life hard, will Kate— always suffer more keenly than others. John Gran per has undertaken a great responsibility, for Kate will be hard to live up to—hard to guard from her own nature." Dear Uncle Anthony! How well he knew his darling off bvheart! And Kate was "taking life hard" indeed now. " I sometimes feel," she said, pulling Will's hand down gently, and wiping away a tear that glistened on his cheek—" I sometimes feel as if he is quite near me and sees it all, and knows —oh, ever so muoh better than I could tell him —all about it. He knew my faults so well—ho w wild, impulsive, and undisciplined I was.' Well, life is teaching me something, Will, I think—making me a little less wilful, more staid and thoughtful, than I used to be, and what I think is this—as long as John isn't sorry " " Sony!" cried Will, indignant. "Yes," her great eyes looking up at him like those of a troubled child, "sorry that he married me. As long as he does not mind me having been brought up in such different ways, having such different ideas, I [can feel content enough in my own way." Of what good to reason with her? Will could onljr make her sit down beside him, hold her hand in his, and stroke it gently, as one might that of a child one wanted to help bear a pain that was inevitable. She seemed to have gone very far: away from her old playfellow into a world whither he oould not, follow, this Kate, who had once been so "bonnie," but now scaroe deserved (he name lov6-gi'ven in the olden dayB. "You understand," she said, a fever-spot burning oh each fair cheek. " You will never say a word to me against my husband; you will never let any one else do so ? You will be the same good, kind Will you used to be, helping me out of all my scrapes. Oh, Will 1" breaking off with a little pitiful laugh, " do you remember the day I fell into theduokweed pond, and you wrapped me up in Aunt ICynthia's cloak, and smuggled me in through the back .door, and there was Dulcimer waiting for me, how she held up her hands and blessed hersulf when she undid the cloak and saw me there all dripping wet, and green from head to foot?" Sle was laughing now; and her laugh sounded to Will sadder than her weeping, it was such a ghost of the old, merry, silver laughter, of the past. "I will never say a word against your husband to you, Kate," he said, drawing her gently to hinj—"ppverjand I will not let any one else do so if I cab help it, dear. ;But oh, how you must : have suffered—you, our Princess, our queen—to find yourself among such people as chat! Oh, Kate!" " They were not what yon mean," sha cried, frantic at feeling how useless it was to try and make him understand; " they were lovely, beautiful, in their own way—different to as, of course; hut I grew to love them—oh! indeed X did—and I learned so much from them, you cannot think how much... Even Aunt Libbie (she was very rude to you Will, and I am sorry), has her good .points." "lam glad of it," growled Will. " I didn't see them. "No; no one would until they know her welL Even then she hurts one often and often, but I think Aunt Libbie is good for one in a sort of way. "It's not my •way.". "She did not mean half she said j she did not know,, she did not understand. She would not have been like that if she had known." " I'm glad of that." And then—Kate hardly knew how—she found herself launched into the midst of the family history of the Grangers of Low Cross Farm. . She could tell a story graphically enough, could Kate, and soon Will deolared himself consumed with longing to see the twins, to hear Humbie play the violin, to make Jack's acquaintance, and to "have a tussle" with Mrs. Sweetapple. He grew interested in Lord WhimperdaJe, as an old friend of the General's, and in his lady-wife, as having shown a proper appreciation of Kate. As to Melissa—well, her photograph, given to Kate as . a parting present, »l>oke more than words, ana Will roundly declared he should certainly visit the village of Iiow Cross one- of these days, go for a drive behind the fiery Bucephalus, and hear th new harmonium with the "dither" well turned on. Kate painted all that Miss Libbie had don? for the family in glowing colours, put in thi patient, suffering mother with tender, delicat touches, and Will warmed to the last pio tin*, but was adamant to the first. Neithe did he respond to his cousin's a ssurances o how useful and kind " in her own way' Miss Libbie had been since her advent in London. When the lamps were brought in. Will lx-gan to think Kate looked more like herself, and the cousin's talking of this thing and that, passing from Low Cross Farm to Madeira, and all that had passed there, and on to Will's own prospects as a Queen's Messenger to be, forgot the angered and forlorn woman in the room above stairs, and the hard words and the rasping tongue of an hourJbefore. "John will be late to-night," said Kate, as the clock on the mantel chimed oui eight. And then she knew that the bitterness of death was not past; and though her blithe and bonnie Will had come book to her again, he and John could not meet as in the happy days ;beside the river. She saw Will's face change: and she saw the sudden uplifting of the shapely head; the set of the proud clean-out mouth. "I cannot stay now," he said, gripping her hand with painful tightness, " there is so muoh to see to; but to-morrow, Kate—to-morrow I will snatoh an hour to oome and see you before I start. Have you forgiven me for my sudden coining without warning? I shall never make surprises for any one again; they are not good things. Aunt Cynthia was against it from the first, but I would have my own way. You know what a wilful lad I was always, don't you, dear?" * , It was quite true what Will said about, having a great deal to see£>. He had received, his summons; he must report himself at head-" quarters. He was going to live life in earnest, \- flitting hither and thither on errands of mighty import. He had hurried to England, leaving Aunt Cynthia to follow with some friends. Even now Mrs. Dulcimer was instituting a. marvellous'"" upsetting," as the housemaid->. had it, and Cnloe had been shuffled, little' black-headed puppies and all, into a dark cupboard, to be out of the way to make ready for the coming of the mistress. It was quite true that Will must be a very busy persou indeed for the next few days to come. But for all that Kate_ was not deceived. He would not stay; he did not want to meet John. With an indescribable pang she realised that it was best so—that a meeting must be a painful ordeal—more especially with Miss Libbie, at hand to make things as much worse as possible by every word she uttered. Kate even shrank from the thought of. telling John that Will had been, and had encountered "Thomas Granger's own sister," and been mauled by her. It was a dreadful tangle, look at it which way you would. All the laughter died out of Kate's eyes; the old Kate that had come back for awhile 1 was once more lost in the sad-eyed, wearyfaced. woman of the Kensington home; and. Will^as he kissed her good-bye, though jt was but till the morrow, felt a lump rise in his' throat, and a mist gather before nis eyes. He had been interested in her story of the farm and its home circle. She had dowered it all in the telling with a glamour not its own, but now, out in the balmy summer night, with: the lingering light of the sunset sky falling like; a coloured veil over the world of fair suburban, London, he realized the full bitterness of it alL' His heart was hot within him as he thought, of pretty Kate, so daintily fair, so delicately; nurtured, amid such surroundings. "It was a fine thing she had ^ good friend or two about her, anyway," he muttered, as he, threw himself .took in the corner of the Richmond train. - " That girl—Melissa, wasn't it ?, —yes, Melissa—must be a good sort, and" (suddenly recalling the debonair, spirituellc face; that Kate had shown him) " what a fine pair of, eyes she has in her bead, and what a pretty turn of the neok!. I should like to hear her, play that harmonium—fay, and see her drive, the brickdust-ooloured pony. What's the goodj of a girl if she hasn't plenty ol 'go' in her?" j It was a relief to Will to put aside for the; time being the thought of nis cousin Kate.1 She was a problem to be thought out in thtf future. Perhaps so, but not as he imagined. 