The Christian's Defence. A SBEMON BT THE REV* C H. SiuaaaoN. j " Th« Lord is my strength and my shield."-PSALM I xxviii., 7. With a double grip the Psalmist takes hold of the divine covenant. "The Lord is my strength and my shield. He gets a two-handed graBp of the God of salvation. A touch of the hem of the Saviour's garment will heal ; what divine virtue, then, must stream into a man who can hold with both hands-not merely the garment's hem, nor even tho garment itself, but tho Lord himself. " The Lord is my strength and my shield." Perhaps some of you cannot give the double grip; thon givethefinger's touch and it will save you. But do not be always content with that touch; ask to lay hold upon Jesus, and say " I held him, and I would not lot him go." Ask to grasp him, like Jacob at the brook, Jabbok with the bravo resolve : *' I will not let thee yo except thou bless me." Nay, get boyond that, and pray to have Paul's hold of Christ, which was so strong and firm that he eaid : " Who shall separate us from tho love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord ?" Both hands take hold, for the Psalmist seesadoublo bloBBing ; he knows alßo that he has a double want, and so he takes a double grip. " The Lord is my strength and my shield." Wore you to leave out the "my " repeated again and again in this verse, how THE SENSE WOULD BE SPOILED. Let us try it-" The Lord is a strongth and a shield." Well, that is very true, but of what avail is that to me? My comfort muet come from the fact that "the Lord is my strongth and my shield." Fa;th matured by experience, faith strengthened by the promise, faith invigorated by the Holy Ghost, who is the nourisher as well as the author of it-such faith is fired with sacred energy when it dares to lay hold on God, and say, " The Lord is my strongth and my shield." This is blessed work. God grant to each of us to know how to perform it, and to this end lot us seek the help of tho Holy Ghost, without whom we can do nothing. Notice what it is that David lays hold upon with his two handB. " The Lord is my strength and my shield ;" it is not the Lord's promised grace, nor ia it the bounties of providence, which ho has bestowed upon me, which I regard as my strength and my shield. It is not even tho Lord's work in my soul, noithor is it tho assurance of my faith, nor yet the ¡irdor of my love, that has be come my strength and my shield. It is not the Lord's book even, though its inspired oracles eau enlighten the eyes, fortify the heart, and refresh the spirit. It is not the Lord's attributes of power and faithfulness and watchfulness ; but it is Jah Jehovah himself who is strength and shield to me. Now, he that layoth hold on God hath done a daring deed, at which any manmightstand aghast, were it not written, " LET HIM TAKE HOLD OP MT STRENGTH." Oh to say, "My God!" Thero is more eloquence in those two words than in all the orations of Demosthenes or Cicero. All the genius, learning, and penetration of the heathen world could never teach us how to claim the Deity, and take posses sion of the God of the whole earth. What can we discover in the philosophy of Pythagoras, Aristotle, or Socrates that will compare with this ? The man who can truly say, " The Lora is mine," hath an inheritance which death can not wither, which space cannot compass, which time cannot limit, which eternity cannot explore. H<j may be poor in pocket money, as I suppose the owners of large estates occasionally are ; but he is infinitely rich, for he hath real property, and AU absolutely indefeasible title tu it. He may feel distressingly weak, but he is infinitely strong. He may account himself to be empty, but he hath all things and abounds, he, I mean, who can say. " The Lord is mine." Come, my brother, be bold enough, to look into your privilege. Think of it ! What if you could say, " Tho world is mino ?" It will be consumed by fire. What if you could say, " Heaven is mine ?" Yet, if the God of heaven were not there, it would be a wilderness. Oh, beloved ! if you can say, " God is mine," what do you want more to gratify youx eager quest for joy unspeak able ? Come, CAN YOU CONCEIVE SATISFACTION more substantial than to know of a surety that God is your Father, your Eedeemer, your Sus tainer, your all in all ? Do you wish for a better song than this So I my host Beloved's am, So he is mii.0. Can you imagine any sweeter music than the minstrelsy of a love sc. tuneful, touching as it doth tho strings of that mysterious instrument, the Boul ? Is not thia the climax of all wishes, all passions, all desires, all delights ? We hail tone, son of Jesse, as the harmonious music of thy sublime psalms break on cur ears : but oh, thou Son of David ! we adore thee that thou hast taught us to take up thr> strains as our own. We ourselves have felt in fact what the sweet Psalmist sometimes spoke in figure. We, as thy willing followers, and thine acknowledged disciples do now, by right and rescript which thou bast given us, appropriate to ourselves th» poems, parables, and prophecies which once vibrated in dark sayings frwa David's barp, aa" precious utterances concerning heavenly favors to which thy sovereign grace has made us to bo fairly and fully entitled. Unhappy you who cannot call thiB God yonr God, whatever else you may have to glory in . but happy you who know that God is yours, how ever little of this world's store may fall to your portion. Thus have we considered the, double «rip, and w at it lays hold upon,. Let us not pass on till we have imitated the grasp of fait . and appropriated the infinite treasure. May the Holy Ghost enable us. Notice under what aspects God is thus laid hold of. Inwardly, first, aa our strength : " THE LORD IS MY STRENGTH." Brother, do you know how strong you are P If you have said, "The Lord is, my strength," I challenge you to say how strong you are, ** Ah, sir," say you, " I know how weak I am." That I will also take liberty to question; for albeit that you know yourself, to be as weak as water, you are weaker yet-weaker than oven your despon dency has dreamed. "I know I am nothing," say you. Yes, but you would not even have had trace enough to know you wore nothing if God had not given it to you. To be nothing is ourB by nature ; but to know that wo are nothing and to confess that we are nothing is a gift of his grace. Brethren, wo are emptier than emptiness, and moro vain than vanity. Wo may tax language and uso extravagant hyperboles, but wo shall nover bo able fitly to estimate our own utter insignificance. We are weakness itself, hampered with tho conceit of power; and yet if "ve can say in truth, " Tho Lord is my stron th," we canuot estimatohow strong we are, for there is no measuring omnipotence. Come, let us consider the matter, and let each believer speak personally. Ho who mado tho heavens and the earth is my strength. Ho who fixes the mountains firm so that they start not from their places in tho day of tempest is my strength. Although ho will one day KOCK HEAVEN AND EAKTH, and before his presence all creation shall flee away, yet he is my strength. These are but the hidings of power, but, truly, all tho force reserved and lying latent in tho Almighty bosom is en gaged for his saints, and is my portion. What ever omnipotence can do (and that is a wrong expression to use, for omnipotence knows no frontier or confines to its sphere of possible action) is ours. All that God has done is but little in comparison with what ho can effect when his arm shall be bared to complete his mighty purposes ; yet all the possibilities that pertain to God belong to his people. With Jehovah for our strength we obtain a matchless capacity for endurance ? It is mar vellous how much a believer can bear when the Lord sustains him. "Out of weakness we aro made Btrong." See you that bruised i eed over yonder ? It is fit emblem and fair picture of a man alone. You cannot trust tho weight of an ounce to it, it bonds under its own slender weight, even though there bo no pressure to forco it down. That is you, dearbrother; that is you, dear sister. But seo you that strong and potent column which bears upon it a huge roof or an iron way across which will thunder thousands of tons ? That is youiself when God is with you; yea, you are stron or than that, for nothing ehall be able to break tho man to whom God is his strength. " I COULD NOT BEAK THAT," say you ; " I .know I should be crushed." What are you thinking about-the loss of that favorite child ? Thinking about tho death of your dear husband? God grant that you may not have to suffer it. The death of a wife-the loss of all your goods, the cruel wounds of slander, or the desertion of friends. Are all those trials likely to befall you, and you say, " Alas, I could not live if such afflictions should overtake mo P" My dear friend, if you can say, "The Lord is my strength," you can bear anything and everything. You could bear a martyr's death if tho Lord should be your strength. He could make a stalk of wheat to bear up the whole world if he strengthened it ; and the faintest and most trembling child of his I that ever whispered a prayer, he can make to I bear the greatest grief and the heaviest trials j without tho slightest repining, for his spirit can infuse unconquerable patience into the ] believing heart. Of course, the power to endure ! depends upon the strength impartedj and nut J upon the inherent fortitude of the individual. It ¡ does not make much difference what the struggle or what the sorrow if we have strength sufficient. A little child with a small basket may be over loaded; while his father with ten times the load to carry will walk briskly and whistle as he carries his burden along the strent, thinking lightly of his lading. The increase of the burden is not the thing to groan about if there be a proportionate increase of strength. Emigrants tell us that they could bear labor with less fatigTi« in Australia than they could loiter in England. Whether that be so or not, assuredly it is easier to toil with divine aid than to rest without it. " AS THY DAYS THY STKENGTH SHALL BE." Mark that. If tho*Lord shall heap the load upon your shoulders, he will impart courage to your mind and visor to your spirit, so that yon shall suffer all his righteous will, and find your soul thrice blessed in the endurance. " The Lord is my strength;" then we can, like Samson, slay the lion and find honey in it, or smite the Philistines and divide their spoil. Very likf ly I may be addressing someone who does not know or appreciate tho faith which thus fortifies the feeble followers of Christ. Art thou a very strong marc, and dost thou boast of thy strength ? Friend, the strength of Samson served him a sorry turn when h« was without his God; let his blindness warn thee. Another friend, conscious that Ire is a man cf education and culture, doubts not that be can raako his way in the world. Oh, sir, Solomon'!? wisdom was of poor account when he forgot th* statuto3 of the Lord, pursued the fashion of his times, and Buf fered altars to be built to tho strang» gods of big wives whose Beusual fascination« took away his heart. There is no strength of muscle or of mind bat in God. " God hath spoken once t twiea have I heard this, that power belongeth unto God," Blessed are they who LOOK FOE STRENTH TO THE STRONG, for wisdom to the wise, for safety to the Saviour They «hall say-, in. the words oí our text, " th« Lord is my strength." David, in giving twp grips, laid hold upon God as the outward manifestation : " Ke is my Ktrongth and my shield." Looking back upon the past r I trust that many of you can say that God has been your shield. It is ha ; who protects na from known adversaries ; 1 from the tempts.« tions of th«» world, the flesh, and the devil; from all the arrows that fly by day, and from ali the terrors that haunt us by night. From ad versaries of whom we know, and against whom wo would ever be on our guard if wo could. God is our shield. "No weapon that is formed against thoa shall prosper." Ho who hath made the Lord his rof u*e, and the Most Hijh his habi tation, Bhall be safe ; no real evil shall happen to tho just. " The Lord is my Bhield." Nor is he alone our shelter from open enemies ; he is our guardian against those dangers which we wot. not of. How many perils may havo menaced your personal safety, your domestic happiness, or your fair reputation, of which you novnr knew ! Thank God for unknown mercies, as well as for hair breadth escapes. Often, in travelling you may bo WITHIN AN INCH OF DEATH and never be aware of it. Our gratitude to God may be stirred when we perçoive a dangor and escape it ; but aro we not oven more beholden to him wher. we do not even perceive tba peril, and reach our journey's end, or awake in tho morniner, or live through a year, without sickness, without calamity, without alarm P Without violently imagining mischinfa or nervously inventing perils, wo may -soberly judge that dangers have frequently hovered around us even in the calmest hours, and from ell these we have been preserved, because the Lord is our shield. Itis tho greatest comfort to feel God's Spirit within you making you strong; but it is no small joy to know that God is round about you, making yon safe. " He is my shield." Knowing as we do that our adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, v.'alketh about seeking whom he may devour, and that ho may bo perhaps trying tc seize upon, one of us at this very moment, our sncurity from his hostile attacks is this-the Lord is our shield. Satan will only waste his arrows against the eternal buckler. Though earth and hell should blend their malice, they ar« safe whom God protects. Tho close «ie signs and crooked counsels of thos« who conspire against them shall all be foiled, for there Í3 Ono who frustrateth every evil device and taketh tba wise in their own craftiness. " Where would yon hide yourself," SAID ONE TO LUTHER, " if the elector of Saxony should withdraw bia protection ?" Ho smiled, and said, " I put no trust in the prince of Saxony. Beneath th« bread shield of heaven I stand secure against Pope and Turk and devil." So he did; and so do we. If wo have but faith in God, we can sing, in tha language of the text, "The Lord is my strength and my shield. He strengthens me within and he protects me without. What more do I want?*" I want you to notice that this is a mattoe . of fact, a fact which many hero present can attest : " The Lord is \my strength and my shield." It is not a protty speech that we have selected as an appropriate motto for a retrospect, nor is it a piece of sentir mental religious poetry in which fancy counter feits Christian experience ; but it is a positive fact, to which full many of us who haye been tr ied and tutored in the pilgrimage of life can bear our personal testimony. " Tho Lord baa benn my strength/' At this moment I set my hand and seal to that statement before you ali I should havo proved myself to be weakness itself in many an emergency had not eternal power s upheld me ; I should have been far from calm re solution, and drifted near to madness ; not .firm and steady, but frail and faltering, had he not interposed on my behalf, and k¡ept this heart in the hour of trouble. Is not the same confession duo from each of you ? YOU HAVE WADED THROUGH YOUR TROUBLE, dear sister; you have escaped from that dilemma, my brother ; and do youoiot ascribe your deliver ance to the Lord who strengthened you ? Como, now, where else did you get your strength fromf You cannot trace it to any other than a divina source. Has not the Lord been your shield? Have not some of you been in positions in which no one else could havo guardad you ? Perhaps your own fault has placed jut in predicaments out of which you could never have extricated yourself had he not stretched «ut his hand and plucked your feet out of the not. Then you said to your soul, " This is no fictiot, this is the finger of God." It is right-hearted sincerity, and not wrong-headed enthusiasm, which prompts us personally to avow, " The Lord is our strength and our shield." We can say it as deliberately as the miser might say, " Tho bank is my confidence, my money is my trust ;** or, aa the merchant might say» "My wealth is on the sea, my ship3 bring mo in my yearly income ;" or, as the mother might say, *' My children are my joy." Wo eau boldly publish it, and challengo all gainsayers, for it ia really so, " Th« Lord is our strength and our shield." Beyond doubt or question, this is an assured possession. 