FEDERATION. mr. g. h. reid in reply. mr. dibbs' intended policy. At the Protcstaot-hall lust evening Mr. G. IT, Reld, M.P., delivered an address on tbo dratt Constitution Bill and the part played by tbe delegates of New South Wales at tho Conven- tion also in reply to Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Barton, The chair was takca by Sir John Robertson. Among those present on the plat form wore the followiog members of Parlia ment :— Messrs. Dibbs, Slattery, Want, Abigail, Bradley, Hutchison (Glen Itines), Wright, Gormly and Levion and Mr. Lucas, M.L.C- Tho hall was filled to overflowing with an enthusiastic and ut times very excited audience. Mr. Kkid ou rising to speak was received with: loud cheers. He said that wheu be wanted to make a speech to the public of this great metropolis there was ouo thiug be had never yet doue, he had never found it convenient to choose the delightful little village of Manly for the purpose. (Ironical cheers.) Because, though there wero rnauy men who bad differed from him on one question or another, he had always been able to fight his battles at all times in such a v ay that bo had never incurred their dislike, aud when the people were brought face to face with the great question which affected the destinies of Australia those who wero bold euougli to briug them up to consider its trc- uieuoous issues ought not to begin their crusade by running away from them. (Cheers.) TUB CONSTITUTION HILL— A CitAJ). Many of bis audience were present a few nights ago when he endeavored to give thorn a description of this Coostiiutiou Bill ; he likeued it to a beautiful balloon. He was in debted to Mr. Barton for a still more true, if not so elegaut, a definition of the bill wheu he called it a crab. ("Laughter.) Mr. Barton was qui to correct. Ho (air. Reid) was not so familiar as that geatlemsa, speaking as ho then was in a museum of natural history— (laughter)— he was not so familiar with tho families of the crabs — (laughter)— but he turned up a common dictionary for the mean ing of tho term, and he found that his hou. friend was eminently happy iu his choice of the de finition, because be discovered tbat this term had three meanings. Tbo first one wus, a sour apple. (Laughter.) Now, he thought thut betoro Mr. Barton was done with this great bill he would iiud it one of the sourest of apples. (Laughter and cheers.) Then it represented a sign iu the heavens. And could ttiey doubt tbe justice of this term wheu they considered now they were approaching May 24, when a crowd of stars would fall from the sunshine of royal favor iu order to decorate the dele gates ? (Ronical laughter aud groans.) Now, hero was another meaning. The word iualuatud a curious sort of animal which whs neither hapoy in tbe seu nor in the mud. (Laughter.) And there was another thing about the crab, it could never go straight. (Laughter.) Mr. Barton found himself at Mutily between the devil aud tho deep sea. Now'Sir Henry Purkes— (groans)— Sir JEleury Parke3, another of the Convention crabs, in trying to get at the heart of this great people went down to Hobart and Melbourne and Ballarat. Mr. Barton made another attempt to get at tue bourt of tho metropolis and he found himself at Armidale, about half the distance between Sydney and Brisbane. (Laughter.) Tbe crab was a harmless sort of thing, but if they boiled ic down it assumed a must sangui nary colour, and he thought if they boiled ibis bill down they would find that it would be quito red enough for Major-Gencrai Edwards. (Laughter.) THE MOMENTOUS CHANGE. Now, the great burden had beeu on thoso who wished to bring about a momentous change. (Applause,) The right thing was done when' the delegates were appointed to tho Convention. They all wanted to know in what respect the Australian colonies could be brought more closely together. What was tho basis on which tbe Parliament of Now South Wales had com missioned those delogaees to go into the Convention. They were told aud commissioned in framing a constitution for this new nation, that, it should be on principles just to the several colouies. That was the keystone of tho whole thiug, justice to the several colonics, (Applause). Ho had Btutlied that constitution, aud be- had to tell thuui as a result of chat study that if they had been commissioned to frame u constitution under which all advantages should be on one side, and all theisacrilices on the ether side, he would say that that draft bill was that Constitution. (Applause.) WHAT DIFFERENT COLONU53 STOOD TO GAIN. Let them look for a moment at the position of tho different colonies. One of tho Premiers (Mr. Fysh, of Tasmania,) said "we havo met here to enter into a commercial partnership." There was a great dral of truth in that. (Ap plause.) In drawing up that deed of partner ship all tlie eloquence and rhetoric had been ou tbo side cf New riouth Wales, and all the good bargains had beeu ou the side of the other colonies. (" Hear, hour.") Look at tbe posi tion of the ether colonies. Remarkable able and keen business men catno from tbo different colonics and said little and did aa much as they could. Our gentlemen said a great deal and did nothing ut all. (Laughter.) Take "Vic toria. What was tho policy of Victoria? Tlurc were several tbiuga which Victoria wanted. She wanted the markets of the other colonies ; f-hu also wanted to shut out of the markets of tho other colonug every other country in the world but herseli. ("No, no," 4,Yea" and cheers.) Yes ; what did intercolonial free- trartc with protection against the outside world mean but that? There was auother thing Victoria wanted. Sho wanted to lay her hand ou a largo part of this colony and commercially annex Kiveriua. (Applause.) She wanted also, now that she had reached Her zenith and was beginuiug to fall, and her sun was begin ning to ert, sho warned, to fix the capital of Australia in Melbourne. (Applause.) Take Tasmania. That little inland wunted above every thiug entrance into tho markets of Vic toria. Tnat was tbe ouo thing she wanted, and when she got the constitution her interests would ho ao identified with thoso of Victoria that in all imponaut matters iu tho Senate .Victoria, instead of having eight vote?, would have 16 against us. (Applause.) Now, there was South Australia. She was not a rich country, but she was living ou a rich portion of our coioay, and tho one thing she wanted — and ho did not blame her delegates, thoy were good bunincss men— above everything was to pre vent tho extensiou of railways from Syduey to tbat part of New South Wales upon which she was living. (Applause.) And as to Western Australia, she was just like ayoungstor in his first pair of loug trousers, dyiug to be recog nised as a man. (Laughter.) Queensland wus the most independent colony, und sho had a very able and independent Bretnier, who had been very annoyed when iu London at being caljed a colonial. (Laughter.) Ho now wanted to have Queensland created a state, so tbat he wouid then be called a statesman. (Renewed laughter.) Naturally ho (Sir 6amuol) »was anxious to extend his abilities iu a wider sphere. SIR SAMUEL GRIFFITH A3 A RADICAL, IIo had been told by some pcoplo that Sir Samuel Griffith had somehow acquired in Queensland or elsewboro the reputation of being a Radical. If the rankest official from Dowuing-atieet had been chosen to draw up thatiConstitution Bill for Australia be could not havo filled it more carefully with powers that took this constitution buck to the old days when L'ownmg'Streut had so much to do with Australia. (Prolonged applause.) What inau —be wouid not say with the slightest pretext ot boiug a Radical, but with the slightest pretext of being au Australian or a patriot- would have brought in that bill, which enubled his Excellency the Governor-General to sond back a bill with the intimation that ho desired ccrtaiu amendments ? (Great applause.) Even iu England for 170 years tho proudest monarch they had had could not say more than " Yes" to tho will of tho Commons and tho Lords of England j yet Australia iu founding a new nation proposed to allow a deputy ef sovereignty powers which a king or Quceu of England dated not exercise, (Checra.) Mr, Barton had doait with his speech at con siderable length, but was it not strange that he who had had so much to do with the hill should have shut his eyes to this, extravagant clause aud expected the people not to see it ? (Inter ruption). There wore two or three thiugs which our delegates ought to hare done. (A Voice: " New Zcaiuud.") Yes, New Zealand acted sensibly. Sho sent dolegatoa to tha Convention, but she had no idea of committing herself to this bill. ("Hear, hear.") New South Wales was the most populous colouy ou tlio coutinent, and if they could have any regard to the great resources of the country in days to come it was sure to be infinitely the most populous in the group. (Interruption). the people's housk. Tho New south Wales delegates should have seen that the rights aud interact of tho people, us expressed in tho people's House— as expressed in that ono House which would represent tho huniau beings of this great country— that all those powers should have been of the most liberal character. It should havo nt least as extensive powers as those possessed by tho House of Commons iu Eng land. (Cheers). Mr. Barton uskeu in reply to hisf critieiamo- Why should we put these things in a bill when thoy uru not to be found in tho Constitution Act of New South Wales. In Now South Wales, whatever the Constitution Act wan, as a matter of fact and practice the people's House was in this position, that the Upper House did not, daro not, touch nu Appropriation Bill or n Tax Bill. (" Hoar, hear.") There were two things which affected every human being in thu country— the power which taxed him and the power which spout his money. When he (Mr. Ruid) was told that the Constitution Act did not provide for these tilings his reply was that it ought to havo dono ho. Bui it was constructed iu darker days, but atill they had all tho powers which tke Houso of Commons had iu those respects, and they had also their groat power, the absolute power over thu Government of tho country. ("Hear, hea- " and interruption.) KN'HIXItlXED IN THII CONSTITUTION. Why should he say that their rights should bo enshrined iu that written constitution in dis- tinct characters ? Becuuse, in the first in stance, they wero drawing & up what was eqoiTalcnt to a deed of partnership, and if they aid not pat the vital poiuts of the charter in the deed it would lead to endless trouble afterwards. Sir Samuel Griffith and those who wero with biro doubted whether responsible government wonld work, and designedly left that bill iu such a way that responsible government could be destroyed without an appeal to the people for an amendmeut of the constitution. When they found that somo delegates, as thoy did at tho Convention — Sir Samuel Griffith was not among these— sneered at responsible govern ment, it mnst make them all determined that these thiug3 should bo all indelibly ombodied in any popular constitution submitted for their approval. ("Hear, hear.") One good thing done by the Premier — (a Voice : " He never did a good thing iu his life" and cheers)— was to place in his resolutions two things, one that tho Lower Houso should bavo tho solo right of originating and amending money bills — "Hear, bear ")— and another tbat the Execntive Coun cil should consist of persons who wero sitting in Parliament, nud whose term of office should depend ou their possessing tbe confidence of the Houso of Representatives as expressed by tbe will of the majority. So these they bad in tho basis of the Convention— there tbey had these two great constitnlioual rights of tho people expressed iu black and white, and what was the next step? These were tbo only two things upon which any fighting was done on behalf of the smaller state. And tbey got a Senate with tbo sumo power given to tho smaller colonies as to tho larger ones. They succeeded in getting responsible government in Queer- street. And tbey fought most strenuously until all tbe words of the resolutions to which he had referred were taken out of tbe bill. What did they find ? Let them remember that in England tbe Upper Houso dared not touch the Appropriation LtilIor taxation bills, and the Ministers ibero were dependeut upon tho breath of tho people as represented in tho Lower House. But this bill meant that on every question affectiog expenditure und taxation these different colonies would fight as keenly as its different municipalities. ("Hear, hear.") Power was also given to this Senate to return any bill with a schedule requesting amend ments. So that this wonderful compromise amounted only to this, that tho Senate, instead of running a pen through the body of a bill, took out the schedule and sent it back with suggestions, and, if tho suggestions were dis agreed with, they had tho power to veto the whole bill. thh question of deadlocks. Then some people said what was to be done if there was a deadlock. If this tremendous Sower were given to,, tbe Semite, when the two ouses fell out, as fall out tbey must, they ought to provide some means of settling tha question. Wheu this great difficulty was put to Mr. Barton his auswer was thut they might as well ask him what he would do if he had a cold in his head. This showed woaderful states manship. Mr. Barton did not talk to tbe Con- veivtlou like that, but he talked to a trained and educated audience nt Manly ia tbat manner. (Laughter.) In the Conveutioa Mr. Barluii said that Home arrangement must be made to prevent deadlocks, but now of tcoarso the machine was up and it was a thousand pities to allow it to fall to pieces. sir henry parkes. A 'few nights ago, when Sir Henry Farkes appeared at St. Leonards an extraordinary thiug was seen. A number of geatlemnn in blue were to bo observed ut a political gathering. (Laughter.) Now that Sir Henry had become such a great man he never went about without a battalion of policemen. Here was this great old Liberal addressing a meeting of his own con stituents with an audience bristling with police men. Why had Sir Usury not waited a night or two before he rushed into the breach ? Sir Henry jumped into tbe position to avoid having the necessity of answering the criticism that was suro to come. ("Hear, hear.") That distinguished statesman looked upon them all as so many pawns on a chessboard. When he could move someone that person was a splendid man ; when he could not more him Sir Henry tried to get rid of him, (Cheers and laughter.) And wheu ho could not get rid of someone he called him a muddle-headed fratricide. ("Hear, hoar," and laughter.) parliament on its last legs. Sir Houry H'arkes talked about the coming session of Parliament. As they knew, there were only a few mouths loft of life in tbo pre sent Parliament. Parliament was on its last legs. (Tremendous cheering.) And so was he (Sir Henry Parkes). (Renewed aud prolouged applause.) Thoy might all be suro that he was approaching his political deathbed. He showed every sign of it by dragging ou to the political stage all those ancient ghosts of broken political promises with which he had fooled them for 20 years. (Loud uud long continued applause.) It was absurd for a man to insult an intelligent community with that long catalogue of mea- suresj winding up with one which— (Inter ruption.) Bomeono had said that Federation hud been inspired by Major-General Edwards, but some of the Premier's friends had said this could not be, because that gentleman had always sneered at soldiers. This beiug so, they had to try something else. At the beginning of 1389 they would remember that there was a general election nnd the result was a close fight between protection and frcctradc. (Loud applause.) Perhaps Sir Henry Parkes thought that tho frcctrado ship was sinking — (great cheering) — aud that he could escape by Fcderatiou. (Pro longed applutiae and interruption.) That of course might not be the cause of it. (Interrup tion and applause.) It had been said that ho hud lately been studying his memoirs, and perhaps ha had beeu constructing his political epitaph, and perhaps also in looking down his cpitapli he hud found one line misaiug. (" Home Rule.") No ; he wanted one othor line. He wanted to Include "the father of the Australian Commonwealth." (Cheers and interruption.) that bridge. Someone had said something about that " bridge." If there was one mail who had tact for logrolling it was thut great statesman. (Applause.) Ho would quote somo Hues of Sir Henry's upon tho bridge, written some years ago wheu ho was a caudidate for St. Leonards. (Laughter.) It wus one of his most celebrated poems, aud read thus Iu that straight path a thousand men may crossas soon ug tbrco ; Now, who will stand at my right baud and (build tho bridge with uto V Out a poke tbo bold electors, four thousand strong, aro We'll all ablilo ou tby right sido and build tho briilgo with thee I (Laughter.) fThey would see that that gcutlomau could do some log-rolling. (Applause.) Alter six years an awkward elector wanted to bring bim to the point and asked a question as to the stato of the plans aud specifications. That gentleman raised his lofty bead und said, 44 How can I tell you ubout something in ouo of the Government departments?" (Laughior.) When be' (Sir Ilenry Parkes) took to tho bridge they could tell a tight fix was comiug. (Applause.) As to the proUctiou that federation was to intro duce, was it likely that bo (Mr. Reid) would go iu for it for tho benefit of Victoria after be had refused to do so lor tho farmers and manufac turers of our own colony ? (" No," aud ap plause.) letting in the light. Mr. Munro iu Victoria had lot tbe light in upon' that oecret tvado aud finance committee of tho Convention. He had said that it was can didly admitted by tho committee that if they were to bavc intercolonial freutradc they would have to have u customs tmiff against the outsiJo world. (Cheers.) Tliey also camo to the conclusion that under those circumstances the most just course to tako was to adopt the protective tariff, which had beeu established for years and hud been worked on a scientific basis ia Victoria. (Applause.) Mr. Munro had naturally said that them wus nothing to which ho so unhesitatingly agreed as that clause, for ho distinctly understood that when the Federal Parliament met there would bo no danger to Victoria iu regard to her tariff. On the cuutrury, ho (Mr. Munro) felt that new fields aud new markets would be opened up to their manufacturers. "At tho present time," he said, "wo bavo to semi our goods iulo other colours on the same baris as foreign countries, und 1 susv that wheu federa tion look place und we could seuu onr goods to the other colonies without any outside competition wo were masters of the situation," (Loud applause.) Sir Thomas M'llwruith had denounced that committee fur suppressing u table which had bwen prepared showing how this tariff would work in connec tion with thu trade of the different colonics. This table had been left out of the report, and ic had beeu explained thut the reason it was suppressed was that Mr. M'Millau had said that if the table wore published it might give coior to the rumor that he had turned protectionist. (Cheers.) JLc would say to Mr. M'MiUun and Kir Henry I'arkes that instead of being cham pions of the causo of frcctrude they had stubbed it to the heart. (Prolouged applause.) bomb ominous "words. At tho close of the Convention Sir John Downer, who had beeu an Attorney-General, und wiio wus a Q.C., had uttered soiue very ominous words — words which, if they were read by tho people of Australia, must "destroy tho hill. They would show that in this very Convention, among thoso men who woro making this wonderful constitution, there were vital matters us to tbe powers of the two Houses, which were understood by ono sido iu 0110 way, aud understood by another in a diametrically opposite way. (" Hear, hear.") Bir John Downer had pointed out that proposi tions had beeu iutroduced iu the bill which hud created much misunderstanding aud must in evitably in tho future produce discord. And he went on to say that tho clauses relating to Stato right wero distinctly interpreted aud understood by ono portion of tho Convention in ono direction, aud as distinctly understood aud interpreted by another portion of the Convention iu another direction. ("Oh, oh.") It was in thec secret committee meetings that this was done. Aud before the Convention brought its lahor3 to a cloze this Australian statesman, standing up as nu honest man before that distinguibhed gathering, told them — what? That this com promise was r. delusion cud a snare ; that instead of settling this vexed question it left tha-so two groat powers, tho Kenato and the House of Representative, to fight out at the puoplo'a expense tho future uitiicuUiea widcli must arise. ("Hear, hear.") If Queensland had New Soutu Wales from Armidale to Ten- terfield, if South Australia had Broken-hill, and if Victoria hud Riveriua they would not hear so much of federation. (Cheers.) FEDHRAL CONTROL OF TUB RAILWAYS. A question had beeu raised as to whether thero was nuy power given ia the Constitu tion Act permitting the Federal Parlia ment to hare any authority over tbo rail ways. In clause 12 iu the chapter relating fiuanca aud trade. There was power given under which one-third of New South Wales could he annexed to Queensland, South Aus tralia aud Victoria in the most infamously unjust circumstance?. (" Hear, hear.") That clause provided that the Parliament of tho Commouwealth might mako laws forbidding or annulling any law or regulation of nuy state having the effect of derogating from the free dom of trade or commerce between different parts of the Commonwealth. (" Hear, hear.") While the Federal Parliament was so anxious to control the railways under this grand law, they might have provided some of the money to meet the expense of muning them. (4t Hear, hear.") Mr. Uordou, of South Australia, having the interests of his own colouy iu view, asked Sir Samnci Griffith whether one of tho sub-sections would coaier on tho Federal Parliament sufficient authority to regulate thu railway tariffs. Sir Samuel Griffith answered, " I don't think so." "Then," Mr. Gordon asked, "which clauso will ?" Sir Samuel Griffith replied that tho chapter dealing with " Trade" contaiucd a pro- visiou in sub-section 12- which was considered very carefully by the committee in connection with the subject, and that that dealt in seme respects witli tho question. After inakiug tho railways and Bpcnding millions over them, if their representatives proposed to give tbe control to the other colonies— to their rivals in trade— they should at least have been clear ou this point. They should at least havo seen that New South Wales was re compensed for the millions spent upon the lines Instead of tbat our delegates were for evdr making fino speeches or were asleep. ONE MAN ONE VOTE. As to 'Mr. Barton, ho had not time to deal with his speech at length, but there wero one: or two things to which he would like to refer." Did they remember what Mr. Barton said about' tho question of "one wau ouo voto" which thoso who favored the bill were getting so uneasy about ? (Interruption.) Mr. Barton said that tone reason why he did not vote for the amendment providing for/ this was that it was not right to dictate to a free people in what way they iwere to fix the franchise. (Laughter.) How considerate ho was' for the free people. It was democracy then for him to give the people this obnoxioas Consti tution Bill ami say: "Here is your charter, make your franchise for youraclvea." 'Ilils- was also the gentleman who favored tho consti tution which did not give tho people a chanco of voting for a single senator. And jet he was afraid to offend tho delicacy of tho peoplo by putting the principle of "one man one voto" ia the bill. Mr. Bartou had it iu his power to give away the railways and rights of the people, but he could not oven suggest tuo capital oi Austra lia, Whiio wo had 60 much to give and so little to take the mother city of Australia might at least have been appointed tbo provisional capital. MR. BARTON'S STATEMENTS. He had been charged by Mr. Barton with suppressing certain words of a clause. H<s respectod Mr. Barton very highly as a generous minded man and one whom he had known from his boyhood, but he resented very strongly this charge. Mr. Barton had said that certain vital words in tho second clause — part ono and Chapter I of tho bill referring to the powers of the Federal Executive had been suppressed by him (Mr. Reid). But he had been enabled to refute the charge, as he had proved from tiio notes taken by a special short hand reporter that he had qnoted tho whole clause aud had gone further and referred to . another clause bearing on tho matter. He might say some hard words — (" Wipe him out, George."). Nokhe was too good a man to wipe cut, but he would make him a bit sick. (Laughter.) Ho (Mr. Barton) had said that it was advisable under the Constitution to leave room for tho development of a free people and that "a free people would ul ways develop in tho direction of freedom." What a miserable copy book plalitudo that was. Mr. Bartou had said that was what he (Mr. Reid) had forgotten. He should think ho bad forgotten it ! Ho forgot it wheu ho left tho infant' school. (Laughter.) Then Mr. Bartou had said that tbey could not put iu every little thing, such, for instance, that Ministers Bhould sit iu Parliament or that thoy should be responsible to tho House of Representatives. Why that was tbo most important thing that could bo in cluded — that Ministers should face the represen tatives of tho people, and should be sent about their business by them if they did not do their duty. (Applause.) This thing had been before tho Convention for days, had been voted npon, and had beeu torn oat of the basis of tho con stitution by the delegates, yet Mr. Barton- insulting his own memory by forgetting so much— had had tho audacity to tell his audience at Mauly that this thiug, which was the corner stone of tbo liberties of tho people, was a detail with which they would not cucumber the biii. (Applause.) LOST Hid MENTAL BALANCE. Ho (Mr. Bartou) would not wilfully deceive anybody, hut he had apparently lost his inentul balance. (Laughter.) Ha had said too - that as they could not photograph the breath of a muu they could uot photograph tho breath of that bill. Ho (Mr. Reid) admitted it. They could not photograph the breath of the bill, because ic had not auy, and it would uot have any life. (CUeers.) Mr. Barton's speech was a fiue speech. Ho only made one mistako : he took up tho wrong brief. (Laughter.) He made an excellent speech for the other colonies, aud a very bad speech for liis uatire land. (Cheers;) Ho (Mr. Reid) op posed the scheme for no selfish rensons. If ho aspired he might possibly bo a senator in tbe Federal Parliament, but though tbey dangled all sorts of titles betoro his eyes, ho would always stand by tho great country of New South Wales, which had mado him what he wus, ami when it took its piace with tho other States it wouid boon fair and level terms. (Cheers.) This country was too great-, nature had stored it too much with natural resources, for£it to bo givcu up on such terms as this bill proposed. (Cries of " What about your support of Barkes?") He was the only public man in this couutry who had never taken a favor from him. (Great cheering and cries of 41 Good boy, George.") Since he had entered public life he mitilit have had office. (" lleur, hear.") He might havo been — some barristers wero ambi tious— (laughter) — tho Attorney-General three times over. CUITICrSH OF THIS PREMIER. And now that Sir Henry Parkes — (groans)— had cast aside the ouiy banner which could attract him (Mr. Reidj to his support ho parted from him, uud he felt a freer and btroner aud belter man. (Cheers.) Bir Henry Parkes— (hoots)— drew a large salary from the peoulu of New South .Wales, and it was bis duty to attend to tho affairs of the couutry. He was a great feature iu the political world. lie was known ail over tho globe — (ironical iaugnter) — and all through bistory they would not liud au iu3tunce where a people bad shown n man &ucb; sustained and generous support as the people of this colouy had awarded to him. (Cheer.'-,) They had raited him from the humblest position to cir cumstances which permitted him to invite com munications from uLtiuguishcd people all over tue world. (Laughter.) And tiiis wa their reward? uith that insufferable arrogance which so often characterised him when the breath of opposition crossed liis path, ho wa so bitterly disappointed that tho peoplo had uot risen to his grand flights of nationalisation — (laughter) — that ihU was what lie said of thu colony winch had made iiira what lit: w«.s, of which ho was now tbe Premier, and wlio.-'o salary 1m received. (' Hear, hear.") Speaking at 2, 1. mly he «aid : 41 1 place every question of provincial policy aside an completely subordinate to the ere.it question of the unity oi ri-e Australian coiouieH.'' Aud tboii he added, pointing lq a map, "Do you observe that thin paten ? That i.5 >low .booth Wales." ("Oh, uii."') What u heightof impertinence this, man had got to wheu speaking oi a country whose greatness ho had so often lauded and which had made iiim what he wub, that ho couid with the lumpet contempt cati it a "thin patch." (" Uii, oh," and cry of Down with him," and laughter.) A Oil AND COUNTUY. This was a grauu country. (Cumin.) It was ready to co-operate witi( all i.iu other colonies in every matter which would advance tue interests of tho v.-ijoie oi iho group — (cheers) — and it was prepared to deal gene- roualy with every overturn lor ui.iuri more or le.js intimuto. (" Hour, hear.") But there was one thing which it would not do. it would not he victimised, it would not uu a party to a constitution which iv,;s an outrage upon all tha great principles of ui l.i-ju.ce. ("Hear, hear.") Tho three men wiio unyht to have looked after their interests it tuo Convention wero Sir Hvnry Parkes — (gr'M u.i—Mr. Burton and Mr. M'Miilau — (booko-un-; a Voice : "What about Dib-;s; " and upioar.) Mr. iPMiliua — (coutiuued gro..n.i) — said tiiat he could not rise to the pa.rioti .m of 7"W .South Wales, (Derisive laughter.) L'e could simply lie gasping ou this diait hiil wui a , da i:i hu chest. (Laughter.) fair Huniy lh :-.!S— (up roar)— 1036 sight of the o . intoie.- ; and ( thought of nothing but. trip-: '> 6aerifico their libortieq wind: ..lr. Barbm, instead of thinking of the in l. ; » oi thecc '; try, could only quote flu " : (G. . 5 laughter.) But there v.ns one ; which i.J (Mr. Reid) would not let them do ' at,;. III.S future INT1'/"; . . Jic would first ullow Sir .'Ic-.. / "j travel through the other c-iunV , t i ::ig tV/ t that ,tho people of Li'..- i would adopt this Constitute. . Ui-I r .« Parti ; meat had been iu uujs tit would bring him — he coulu u.k-.i/ t Is G.-rci mint, because none of lL.du w ul vet ku.i ... courago to. publicly pvati\: tl.u' Ititi— t " i"u ..1 , hearjY and laughter) — Lu v-a.ti.l I ti.-.;: In. .-t befoj;) tho bar or' lhe Hoic-u ; ;d . ' ti. : re, : - seuU'jivcs c i t\u r;-uV: tc- ' .1 - ? wholl of Aua'.:'.tiu at tl- ti.etfj need not ' P- u,> t.j tvmjly With l:t' I..;-. Icut ... tho ti V Convention to take the bUi as it stood. (Cheers.) If no one else would do it he would invite the Legislative Assembly to pass judgment cn that biiL Renewed cheers.) He would endeavor to bring about an appeal to the people — (cheers)— and be was sure of this, that tho bill when submitted to the judgment of the 'people would bo torn to shreds, (Prolonged cheering.) At the conclusion of his speech Mr. Reid appealed to the audience to signify whether tbero was any among them who were in favor of the bill. There wt»re one or two hands held up in its favor and a whoio forest of tbein against it. The result was received with con tinued cheering. Mr. Want, M.P.. proposed a vote of thanks to the speaker for bis able address and for the maDly, fearless way in which that gentleman had acted. lie was sure that when a few other Eublic men had spoken upon this bill and ad showu the evils of it, it would be realised that there was a very strong opposition to the proposed measure. Mr. Diuus. M.P., seconded the motion, and ;vras loudly cheered on rising to do so. He txnighl tell them that he had made up his mind to igive whatever influence he had in the House ia '.Eupoort of any attempt Mr. Ileid might make .to -carry out the promise he had just given. (Cheers.) He would be prepared to sink all other issues — fiscal or otherwise — until the bill had been dealt with at the meeting of Farlia- 'meat, and this without delay. (Cheers.) Ho would willingly sink his antipathy to the Govern ment nntil this question was finally dealt with. '(Cheers.) When that had been done and peace jreigned within our boundaries, they, as raotu- Ibers of the great colony oi New fsouth Wales, 'would proceed to settle the fiscal policy as beat iBuited the majority of the people of this (Country. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Abigail, M.P., then attempted to speak, (but though he stood his ground for several .minutes aud Mr. Reid appealed on his behalf, ho was refused a hearing. The vote of thanks was carried unanimonsly. Mr. Reid, in returning thanks, reiterated his , statement that this matter should bo brought jbefore Parliament very foou after its as sembling. Ho would iu the meantime sink all other. questions. | to tfte editor of the daily telegraph. Bir,— -Mr. G. II. Iteid's admirers no doubt arc fully persuaded that ho scoied signally to-night. 'Tbo battery of protectionists that supported dum— Messrs. .Luscombe,' Luca?, Dibb.q Cieer and Co.— reinforced by the volatile Cnulfteld and. thejiconoclaatic Ll'Elboue, was enough to warp their judgment and lead U|gto the fallacy. The spectacle of this advocate of frcetrade bolstered tby protectionists is. in itself a ; revelation of the ciovuu hoof. Some deadly 'animosity, souio deep-rooted antipathy to zsomeone or something now i-zis.ont in the f.arena of New South Wales politics must have fdrawn together '.tlmiRtietcrogeooou.s mass of iii6calists. But let this pais:-. Let us look for I one moment at the very feeble grip which Mr. jlteid has of;;tha federation movement. The whole burden. of bis address was the lorn which (New South Wales would sustain territorially, Hiverina, Brokeu-hill, Anuidale, Tcnteriicld, nil would go. Xin mind seemed incapable of rising to the recognition of the fact | that with federation the great heart of Aus tralia would beat as one ; that the .lines of jdamarcatiou over the whole continent would, as far as our nationalism is concerned, dis appear; that federation iu Australia, means -what federation meant for Germany and the (United States of America, whore the miser able whiniug of provincialism ia lost fin the glad acclaim of united and sorercign people. There arc doubtless .xnauy faults in the Convention Bill, but noi- wiihstaudingdall Mr. Rein's bogies we live in an age when amendments are tolerated and will -be as surely introduced when necessary. Let Ins take the good the gods send us, and not support the assassins of Australian manhood 'who to-night sported their liguies oil the !i>latform of the Protestant-hall. — Yours. &c;„ May 4. AUSTRALIAN NATIYI3. 