-U~ w----u---- TWIN BSERETS. .A Story of the Imagination. BY DAVID DALSTOX. , lIHE doctor was not the sort of man to ive offenceintentionallv Even in private life he was mu mch more used to healing i tln inflicting them; and, tho rh he might occasionally have toopen a bad place in a i;:ci!ihonr's leg, he made it a e l ver t., probe the heart. Too generolu veryh)idy, he wan far from just to him . a:nd am.oIgst his seattered patients on t .anks o the Darling, he lind raised the ':otit:.i . b leillg unooly's enemy except "o;w. Had Dr. Martin lived in England, , I':i have been to this day hovreing t.-:i the surueries of more fortunate Ti itnlcr, andl the poorhouse of some o:an'bil town. He hadl qualifications, both E:ci UnDI acdemtical; he had also the !I l~i and grey hoard that no examining :ri it e:np ere.l toconfer, and yet which, ini:,'( dcorr t who have not tell yon are in Icu-rivcs : fortune to medical men. But cail. :s ;i of set-off. he had nlso a rr redt-ro aos a pair at b!otl-shot eyes. Swt- what mi.ight Ie called a bi-product of I rofe-io--iOn:" Under no circumstance at i's wouli he have been more than what is :iolo as a **sixpenny doctor." Decent ,'!,le hWo..loi hare claoed the doors of their Sru-,iut' ii lis face. None but the poor ,ý:1,1 lare swallowel his molicine. Yet he I t.!i enatigh for the Australian bush. 0- wedie., were dlrastic. but his heart was iI, :.ud the "boss coclies" themselves 'r. a d .rl of his company at all times as ..;'- ere of his advice in time of need. *' . Eddvard Winters, the new . 4.r .f the - branch bank ar ,:a. having just come to the hisl i,-r.1, and being unaware of the ace: ?ld in te estimation of most people !i ti-fllow loger at the Grapes, saw 4:1 efo1re him as re sat on the veranlah s:* il.tarroon, the bloxl -shot eyes that. Trld in wateriS. the dirty hand with .e tril dirtier cuf that was raised to l he sig nificaant tears awanry, and the t- raMne! iaistcoat that rose and fell in .Pl'e"tic warees. And wlien the old man '-;in to talk he male him "'nderstand, 'Ilainy h e coul without being ablnutely ude, that his advances were nncalled for. ir. Martin, however, had met young fellows S EnalInd before, and he knew,, or i; ht that he knew, both how to measure them up and how to takelthem down. Yet there was something he rather liked about young Winters. " He has. at least, the appearance of a gentleman," thought he, "and maybe he don't know whom lam; besides, it will be desperate dull for him with no one but the parson and the school master and this boor of a publican to talk to." An English newspaper was lying on the verandah. It had come by the mail that day, and the new bank manager having read it through during office hours, had carried it tohis hotel and thrown it down beside him, where, half-an-hour before, he had fallen lazily intobhis chair. ".With your permission,- Sir, said the Doctor, returning in the best of humour to a charge which most men would have aban doned in disgust. The young man pushed the paper over with his foot. Dr.. Martin stooped to pick it up and then fumbled for his spectacles. But the sun was setting and it was already too dusk for the bleary old eyes to read anything but the heading of the articles and the name of the paper itself. "I know the place well," he said. " Dear me I Yes. .Mosseaton in Hampshire. I ought to know it anyhow. Yon knowit too, I suppose? Friends living there, ehb ?" "1 had friends there once," replied Win ters deliberately. " You had ? Had you now ? Friends in the loveliest village in the world, and your self in an/up-country town in Australia 1 Old Dives might say he'd friends in heaven. I sometimes think of the little church there, and if it wasn't for professional reasons, and the sake of the boys out here, who don't get a good skui every day, though mine is a little battered, I almost think I should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mosseaton. The churchgates were never closed against a corpseof mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they would be now. How were the elmitrees getting on when you left home ? I calculated that in my time half of 'em had been struck by lightning that was meant for the parsonage. He was a boisterous old man -that iector. But ho's quite now--gone to the 'meet 'across the river. A happy hunting ground, nodoubt, but a comical sort of ' field.' Think of a scarlet jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pairof wines. Still, it's a lovely -spot, and many a man I've sent to rest there. Have a drink, sir--do !" Most me thaw a little under the warmth of old associations, especially when the as sociations are in a manner picturesque, and they are alone in the bush. But, outwardly, ,Mr. Winters showed no disposition to relent. The most he did was, for the first time since they. had met, to appear interested in the doctor's conversation. Indeed, if the old practitioner could have felt his pulse at chat moment, he might have discovered that he was really more intertsted that he cared to show. He declined'the drink, however, and sat with an air of moderate indifference whilst the doctor shouted a coupleof whiskies, as he said, -' for the good of the house," and then drank them both for'his own guod.. 1 was saying that I'd 'put many a poor devil to rest in that qulet churchyard,, ho continued. "They should be grateful. .'er haps they'll thank me when we meet- all, excepting the Iast rase, and I won't be so certain about his gratitude. I attended that man for five years, ansI, would you believe it, he died cursing me. The worst man, sir,_ I ever knew in my life, and, lor ! I've seen some pretty bad ones. I~had a lovely wife, too, much younger thaushimself, or if she wasn't she looked it; a?l I always say it's not what a woman's age really is that mat ters. but what she looks. She was the belle of the country, and :ihere wasn't a young squire for miles ro nd but would have married Ler without asking a question. They never did live haspily together, though. For months at a tide he refused to look at her. and when she did gain his bedside, and, with tears in her eyes, begged to be forgircn if she.had done wrong, and pleudesl that it was suly a natural affection -I dnt know rhat--he beat her off, and charged her with turning him out his home for the sake of bringing up another man's child there. The fellow was mad, of course, but I always though tthere was something in that, for the ast of us have our moments of weakntess, and the worst-I count myself amongst 'em-have our periods of suspicion." Winters yawned, bat the doctor went on, ,One young and queenly, remember, with troopsof admirers, and the:other old and lean, without a single friend, in the }world. Y?o cant wonder at a woman, can you l and Lady Winters slasu-tes but a awoman," lie was about to say, when the young bank. manager rose from his. chair with a cry of horror. "For heaven's sake sto" hie shrieked, "do you knew to whom you ar speaking ? That woman was an ageL She was my mother." 9?'our mother ! Impossible ! You haven't a feature like her-like either of them, in fact." "I don't remember my father. You ought to know that if you attended him as loung as you say you did." "No, no, of course not," said the doctor, musing. "And he, .too, rose from his chair and paced the broad verandah. Edward Winters was not what is called an emotionaL, man. He had allowed his com panion to ramble on in the course of conver satio all through his native village without once interrupting him, until in the mental darkness that comes out of successive glasses of whisky the old babbler had unwittingly set his foot down on a tender memory. At first, he was dull from indifference; now hbe was stupefied with astonishment. Therehad been heavy rains in Queensland, and the river was running "a banker." The greater part of the afternoon he had been watching it rush.madly towards the ocean, idly specs? lating on the number of sovereigns a minute he would have to throw out of the window to make the loss to his employers equal the loss to the country from such a waste of water. The scene had changed since then. As he stood now with his hands to his head, gazing blankly at the stream, it was no longer flow ing westward. It was rushing with stuopen dous speed back upon its source, back to wants the Queensland border, back to the Darling Downs. hither and vet hisher up the lanks, over the mlijacent paisudocks, into the main streets. flooding the houses and rumh ling in his ears. The stream of the young man's life had chanied its couise. At the touch of a hidden spring the flood gates of memory had been opdneo; and a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon iim from bthe great ocean'of the past. Often had he gazrei upon it then flowing placidly on. Only an hour ago had he traced it from the rivulet uDon' ose of whose boulders .he was standing, and whose every turning he ouli well define, to the broad flood with rugged iusks, aund the hazy ocean beyond. It had not appeared a very dark stream then. I'atchvs of shade had contrasted with bauds of brightness, and on the whole the effect had been rather pleasing. How different now, as it thundered back epus him its pitch Ilack waves, and ilstred the shores with shkeletons, some ssf which he hal . never dreamed of, and others that he hadknown and loved to look upon in life. Out of the general wreck, one face gared beseechingly upon him; one puair 'f glassy eyes looked more full of love, and less wild and staring than the rest-his motter's. He could bear it no Ivoser. Rushing away from the doctor, who wss stammering out an unheeded apology, he pushedt through a crowd of idlers in the Iar to thestaircase that led to his bedroom. The lrosr would not fasten, forothe lock was hroken, so he ram med a chair against it, and then flung himself on the bed, and groaned ancti sighed alter nately. For a long timc be made no attempt to grasp the situation. He was only con scions of an inward pain, undyet so undefined that he could hardly telt whether it belonged mostnearly to the region of the body or the mind .Itd!focusse, itself tin his theart-nol the heart that the clergy speak of as being capable of moral developments, but in the fleshly heart, the organ that beats beneath the ribs of the left breast, and is subject tc t diseases coming within the range of thec pharmacopma. He pressed his hand against it, and toseased from side to side like some winged creature brought down from a height, and stunned by the fall as well as wounded by the arrow. It is a happy arrangement fox poor humanity that pain has a deadening effect upon its victims, and that even the seed of an agony must often die before it can be quickened into mortal growth. After a while he rose and paced the room with his hands deep down in his breeches' pockets. He flung open the window, and gazed out. The atmosphere within was stifling; without, the lurid twilight of the interior was deepening into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you have watched the sun set over those western plains, and been dazzled and bewildered by the fine red dust that, rising about that time, impregnates the air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strange repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. You might be walking through a vast terra cotta model. The weatherboard township assumes a brick-like heaviness and hue, the trees might be fashioned out of red clay, and the darkening sky is steeped in a sombre glow as unlike the sunset colours of any other land -excepting, perhaps, portions of the African hush-as the herbage of the back- blocks is unlike the meadow swards of England. The warm tones of the landscape harmonised with Winters' mind. He gazed at it for some time with his handsstill in his pockets; then, folding his arms, he laid them on the window ledge, and, putting his head and shoulders as far out as he could, began to turn over in his brain, his red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, the phan tom that broiled and fizzled within. At first it was quite in vain that he chased the whir ing thoughts. They dodged him likes crows of imps. He made a lunge at one only to hook another, and when dragging the intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon him in a solid phalanx. He might re treat and leave them. He had not sought the battle. They had assailed him unawares. But that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose, because they would be sure to follow him. No, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner bell recalled him from his re verie. At that moment the sight of food would have turned him sick. IIe took an old slouched hbat from the bottom 'of his travellingtrunk, a thick walking stick from one corner of the room, his pipe from a stand in another, a:un when the rest of the guests hiul tiathered round the table, sneaked down stairs and out into the darkness. Oil lamps twinkled in the quiet streets; a few horses, tethered by their reins to poests outside the grog shanties, neiebhd and pawed the ground impatiently; there were very few people about, and the moon had not yet risen. This was. perhaps, fortunate, for a bank manager .rumhing out of the township after dark, with his hat pulled over his face, and an uneasy roll in his walk. to say nothing of the hurried glances he east from side to side, would have looked at least suspicious. Following the main street to the end of the township he turned abruptly round by the fence of a butcher's lpallock, and darted swiftly into the bush in an opposite direction to the river, for its gurgling waters aggravated him and he wanted to get away from. it. The bush was silent enough. An occasional lianrd started from the grass, and here and there the footfall of sheep upon the denad leaves and rotten twigs varied the monotony of his own quick steps, but that was all. The trees in the district wen: taller and of more sub stantial growth than s:e see in most parts of the country, for the scenery along the river bariks alternates between low, flat stretches, covered with no! hing but herhage, and forests of considerable magnitude. where venerable gums, festooned with length oif pink mistle toe at times, suggest the grey pillars of an. ancient cathedral decorated for some great festival. It must have been at least an hour since he passed the last house on the outskirts of the toswnship and he was still walking hard. He hadl since said that he knows of nothing that would have stopped him but sheer fatigue, or the billabontg, too wide andl deep to cress except by a risky plunge, which at length stretched out before him. The moon bul risen, and as he came up unexpectingly to the water's edge, it poured a broad shaft of light down through a rift in the foliage upon the cold, still surface. HIe was certainly brought to a standstill now. There was a fallen tree beside hire. lie half-leaned, half-sat upon its enormous trunk, and. mopping the perspiration off his forehead, began to re-adjust the waywanl thoughts which the exertion of the long walk had drilled into something approaching discipline. What could the strange old doctor have meant? Why had the fates decreed that he should meet, in the black-blocks of Aus tralia, a man who appeared to know more of his family history than he knew himself. What a fool he had been to bring the musty old country newspaper home with him. The very mischief was in the affair from begin ning to end. How dared the old ruffian say what he did; and why didn't he shoot him on the spot for his insolence? That was one way of looking at the matter. For the moment he felt almost inclined to pass it off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good supper and a good night's rest to .offer the alternative of an ample apology or a horse whip to the offender. Sir Wilfred Winters was a memory and nothing more as far as he was concerned. He had lelt home mys teriously when Edwardl was a chile-had been somehow associated with drawn blinds and crapo hat-bands a few years afterwards -and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been a topic of conver sation between mother and son." The ser vants had spoken of him seldom and then always disrepectfully. Nobody had thought it worth while to implant a single sentiment 'of tenderness for the old man in the heart of. the child. There was evidently a screw loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. He had been a bad man likely enough, and it was just as well that he had nt been taught to worship the image which was at length to be so tuthllessly hurled into the mud. This was all true; lut the train of thought which brouttght the recollections was but a momentary recoil of the spring that hbl fos the last three hours been press ing the life outof his very soul. The horrors of the situation soon burst with fresh force upon him. At all ihazardl he would believe in thie perfect saintliuesJ of tlhat lovely woman. Hlier memory, at least, was a tendler one. It was his gospel-the corner-stone of hisi belief in goodness anywhere. No; though an angel from heaven were to whisper a sgus pi?c?ion of her purity, his faith wtuld remail uinlhaken. His mother was above the sus picion even of arclhangeli. Then how dare his father disown him; how dare hie charge his wife before a strnsger. The thing was preposotcrus. Why, tile mau must be mad! fiht word lhad scarcely escaped his lips, for Iedwardl was muttering aloud, then the blood coursedl with renewed force through his veints. Mad I Of course he was mad. Hadin't the doctors sait st? For the moment he could scarcely remnember whether he had or not, for he htld listenedl with indifference to the otl mlan's cotversatiion until his family name had been so uifortunately dragged into it. Bu sides, one horrible suspicion had blotted out every other consideration, and it was only with a mental eff rt that be at length re membered what thie facts leading up to the climax of the story actually were. Now he recollected them all. The doctor had said distinctly that his father was mud. Why had he not thought of it before ? Why had the folks at home conspired to keep him in ignorance when the sweetest memory of his life might at anylnoment have been wrecked at for the want of simple fact like that. He ig knew that his father had died away from te home, and that for several years before his b name had not been so much as mentioned to there. As for himself-he was so young to when last he saw him that it was with the it utmost dificulty that he recalled a vague to imoression of the old man's face. Evidently t, he had been confined in a lunatic asylum, d and at last had died there. An unhappy tr ending. doubtless, to an eccentric an unlove g able life! Yes; Sir Wilfred Winters had se died a madman-there could be no gainsay n ing that. Edward felt a sensation of relief ; almost a thrill of joy. The charges against n his mother fell worthless to the ground. Then be remembered distinctly an incident d in childhood that had hardly come into his is mind since its occurrence, but which having e been dragged from the depths with the levia s than's hook, now rushed into his recollection n and confirmed the conclusion that his father a must really have been insane. Ite was out t walking with his mother one afternoon, and e after wandering a long distance from home a they had sat down to rest on a green em bankment overhung with hawthorne. A carriage and pair of hones turned sharply into the lane. Apparently it was going to pass them. His mother watched it with the e utmost interest, not to say anxiety. As the v1 ehicle approached, she grasped the hand of her child and drew him closer to her. When it came within a hundred yards she seized 1 him bodily, burying his head in hler shawl and rocking him nervously to and fro. He heard the Gwheel go by, through the folds of I the garment he sniffed the dust, and from the carriage itself he heard the noise of coarse voices flung discordantly upon the air, and his mother's name "Emily Winters" re I peated time after time and accompanied by r jeers and boisterous laughter. WhVet the a noise died away, and he was liberated from t his imprisonment, he had looked ints his t mother's face. It was stained with tears, and wrinkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usually placid Iron'. Until now the incident had remained a mys tery. But.it was a mystery no longer. The carriage was the vehicle in which the paients from a neighbouring asylum were takes out for "airings," and his father must have been one of the hideous picnic party oti thai particular afternoon. In itself not by any means a pleasant recollection, but by eam parison almost cheering. Edward heaved another sigh of relief and sprang to his feet with theintention of walk ing back as fast as his legs would carry tim. Indeed, lie had already moved a few paces off, when struck by some new phase of the question he staggered back to his fallen ree, itd helt a pale and puzzled face up to the 1 moonlight. His' one anxiety had been to' I justify his mother. He had felt that at all i hazards he must reason out his belief in the purity of that fair spirit. And he had don' so, but at what an awful sacrifice1' If Siti Wilfred Winters was a madman and he wase ia reality Sir Wilfred .Winter's son, then he,' Edward "Winters, was, perhaps, maut too, or at the very least an incipien.t lunatic. The reflection tas horrifying. He looked for a solution into the recesses of the forest, for' help into the'faces of the, sheep. lnut one was dark, like his own fate, involied in mys tery, and the other blank--hblank as despair; and he cast his eyes hopelessly upon the I: ground. " Every man has his hours of dark and bitter trial. Edward, your 'time has.a come," a voice hissed in his ear. "Admit one treacherous thought, entreat it hospitably, banquet it upon your mother's memory, and all shall be well. Cast that thought hence, keep her entroned in your heart and she will live, but you will die-die in a madhouse I The choice is your own. Areyou prepared l" "I am, even for so great a sacrifice," he said, slowly and with terrible emphasis. His lips were ashy pale, his legs trembled beneath him, big drops of cold sweat stood on his forehead. lie knelt beside the fallen tree, and thought an earnest prayer. Then with an expression of tearful resignation, like a' man who in the cause of love and duty had parted with something dear. he rose and staggeredl homuewards.. IT was late when Edward awoke next morn intg. lte was n sotnd sleeeper at any time, andi the caren of the previous day, involving no mere transitory annoyance, but a suc cession of grveo alarms and a culminating t idea of portended death, had tortured his nerves to the point of excessive weariness, andt when far into the night he returned to t his hotel,,he fell almost fainting into bed. Whatever may be the case with old people, who are generally satisfied with less sleep, a young man has only to' take a weight of trouble into his mird and to roll it round and round in the same orbit for a given number of hours andt he will soon grow, tired and fall fast asleep front sheer fatigue, But the first I glean of sunshine will bring the heartaches back. Edward was conscious of the semi.-physica pain he had experienced on the previous day even before he was su$ciently awake to re fleet upon the circumstances that had given"' rise to it. Another moment and the arrows r of memory, poisoned at his heart's blood, were quivering in his mind again. Poor fellow i The night's rest had only refreshed r him with a keener perception of the reality of the dangers around him. He might re view the evidence more calmly now; he : might renew his determination in spite of every consequence to believein the spotless I holiness of that mother who bad so longsince gone to her eternal rest; but do what he would he could see no way out of the final I conclusion to which a judicil scrutiny of the I facts inevitably pointed. One thing was certain. lie must deal plainly with the I doctor. The old man would probably be r sober then, and perhaps vise enough to see the dilemma in which ht had placed him. Net that be thought for a moment his infor. mant could clear the horizon by added light. That was evidently out of the question. The most that could possibly come of an inter view would be a mutual explanation, an ample apology, andl a few bottles of physic perhaps gratuitous alvico as long as he was in need of it. Edward hadi quite made up his mind that poisoned blood was flowing through his veins, natd though at that moment, with the sunshine streaming in thirough the window, asnt the fresh morning breeze fan. t ning his half-naked limbs, to say nothing of I the restorative effects of a gol night's sleep, ihe felt as sane as ever he haddone in his life. SStill he had no doubt whatever that sooner or later vicious symptoms of some kind would a begin to manifest themselves, andt that ulti Smately he wsold follow Sir Wilfred to a Smad-house. A terrible thought to go to one's bath with! An ildea that did not materially assist in the buttoning of his collar nior in E the fastening of his necktie. But he dressed Sas usual, anti walked into the breakfast room with as little coucern as he coult well dis 1 play. Most of the boarders had alreatdy breakfasted ; a swarm of flies was feeding on what sugar remainted in a cracked and dirty ba bsin; a tall greyhoundl was moutth a hone s on the floor, tand a pair of smaller dogs were Sdistributing all over the room the fatty por tion of a half-eaten muttton chop. A solitary Sstranger was in the apartment, anti he was ogling a couple of girls who had just ridden up to a store on the opposite side of the road. Edward rang the bell. " Is Dr. Martin up yet ?" he asked. S" HIe left by this morning's coach, IMr. 1 Winter's," the waitress replied. "When does he return 1 Sometime to t day " "I think not, for he settled his account, . and said Ihe could't tell when he should be Slikely to want his room again." e "Called away on an urgent case, no d doubt." said the stronger, who had by this y time transferred his attention to Winters and d the slovenly girl who served the purposes of n waitress and housemaid at the Grapes. "An is urgent case, no doubt," he added, with a d curl of his moustache and a depression of the lower jaw, indicative of supreme contempt, for somebody. Yes, sir, very likely," replied the sloven. "Bah I girl. Why don't you speak the truth. Women are the same all the world over. If they can serve their purpose with a lie they will. They love lying, and you go at it as if you were qualifyi ug for society You know very well that Dr. Martin didn't leave because they wanted him anywhere else. He left because he couldn't stand being awoke in the middle of the night by a drunken wretch falling over his boots in the passage, and then groaning himself to sleep with at little thought for other people's dreams as he evidently had for his own." Thestranger looked significantly at Winters and the girl trudging out of the room, the latter returned the glance with a frown. "An urgent case, indeed !" the fellow repeated with a sneer. "Look here. Mr. Winters, that sort of thing may go down very well in the township, you know, but it won't answer here. 1 know who you are, and what's more to the point, I know who you are not. You are not the son of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Mossenton, in the County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Grapes late yesterday after noon, and walked on the verandah just as the dpctor was rehearsing a titbit of fasmily history. To be plain with him, I may say that I didn't hear it all, but quite enough to satisfy me, and I think, Mr. Knight, enougli also to please your pretty Ethel - " "Ethel Hayburn Are you her cousin. Poor Ethel 1 I'm sorry for it." "No doubt. It'sa convenient relationship, you know. A fellow's cousin may jilt him for the son of some gouty old knight just out from home; but she's his cousin all the same. The reserves are called out and the big guns brought into action, but -it don't follow that the cables are always cut. No, Mr. Winters, believe me, communication's going on all the same." " I don't know what you mean,'' replied Edward, with an air of indifference. For the moment I even forget your Christian name." "Richard - Richard Hsayburn; born-in Sydney, had the measles young, brought up to commerce; penniless two years ago, a balance at the banker's now, and acousin pining to see me as I pass through-os my way to England for an extended tour in well, shall we say in the neighbourhood of.: Mossenton." . With that Hayburn rose, adl sticking his thumbs in his waistcoat armholes, began to pace the floorin a lordly fashion, illustrative, no doubt, of the nobility of aierage mankind and the consequent worthlessness of a blue blood ancestry. He was a contractor himself, known auoutist his own "sift " as the " plun ger." . Nobody could be sure wlen they parted with him bne day whether the next they 'would run up agaiinst him wheeling a barrow or riding in a. brougham. Winters went on with his brealfast. He was really hungry, for he had not touched foxal since lunch, time on the previous day, and it-was now eleven o'clock in the morn ing. " Thank you," he said at length, as he left the table, "You've been uncommonly civil for a strauger. I've heard your cousin speak of you. she cherishes tender recollec tions of your pleasantries, M.r. Hayburn. I shall see her to-morrow, have you a message !" . " Yes, but you needn't trouble, " 1'll deliver it myself, good-bye." Winters left the room, and walked out of tihe house towards the bank, telling the land lornl, whom he passed in the street, that he was going to Sydiey on the following day, and would be away probably for the best part of a week. "Ye'll.haveo one agrayable thravelling companion anyhow, Mr. Winters," replied the wily Irishman, winking with both eyes, and jerking his thumb in the direction of the dining-room window. if you have travelled from the " far west " since the railway line was opened, you may have been struck with the strange variety of style in carriages with which the traffic manager endeavours to meet the convenience of all manner of travellers ; and perhaps you have thought that there must be some eccun tric residents in those parts, considering the peculiar tastes for- which he caters. Each train looks like a long list of samples, and the fairest thing to conclude is that it has been driven-over the plains for three years in search. of a buyer, and none having turned up is stilton the market, and much the worse for wear. Edward Winters picked the dirtiest and ,meanest carriage of all. His magnilicent acquaintance, he was well aware, would seek one with cushions and a spittoon at all events; and in that way he might count on freedom: from annoyance for the first part of the journey at all events. It's a good time for reflection when you ard imprisoned within four narrow walls, if they are even the walls of a railway carriage and the train is bowling over the plains at the desperate rate of twelve miles an hour From his corner in the dirty compart ment Edward sat wearily forging fresh links in the chain of destiny that' had so recently legun to chink at his heels.: -Outwardlyihe maintained an appearance of moderate tran quility. In reality lie was on the brink, of despair.. So',earestly indeed had hb fought'" the doctor's sispicians, so bitterly :did:; he mean to maintain the conflict, that not only was a belief in Sir Wilfrid's madness essential to the position he had assumed, but he began to feel it no'less a iatter of duty than' a matter of course to admit- the certainty 'of a - similar'doom:iu his own case.- This, was the spirit in which he raked amongst the embers, dirty and charred and dry as tliey were, of the past twenty years'of his' life. Would a reviews of his ounduct fromu child hood supply nio evidence of tintal aberration t Were there in his composition no.instances of hereditary, eccentricity L The difficulty wos to'know exactly what was evidehce aiid' what was''merely irrelevant' coincidence. But ihe walgoing to be halked by, no nice questionsi ofl tit, sort. .There are times when a mantis very desperate-that he insists upon. discovseeiig ,the worst, aniid if the ".worst" is not- bad enough,'ithen iat the' bottom of his heart .le. feels dissatisflied. Edwaid Winters,was in;just such a humor. With the ingenuity of a criminal iiwydr, he " pressed the case againsst himsclf: One facI. tfter anoth?ier, irclating more or less closely to the question -at/ isnes.came to.light; eir csumstances that had hitherto.,appeared absurd or trivial, clothisdthemselves In un dreamed of signifiende.' Hse rifled,' anod arrangedi them- cautiosisly, nd an then - sith trembling anxiety argued eaeh. point.in suc cession. After -all hough, his:life had not been althgether wretched, it had been grevi ously, haunted, anl 'noio, as hl:peered iilto the past, thie ghosts cametout of their caverns atd greeting him withl horribts jibes led him, lackr to his father's grave. Titus the case went ng:aiust him ani tihe trait' bhow'led'oi. Thie gaultt, grey trees with their naked dut-. sltretchedl arms, an tho thsethativere clothed with their shroui of colorless leaves marchel, past in a glhastly procession. To .avoid his coumpaniou of the day before, instead of get tiug out with the rest of the passengers for refreshments he fed alone in hii 'cage. He smoked there too at intervals, idnl before nitght came, to his surprise, for he wats a sober man, hie discovered tiat he hlad emptied his whisky flask. HIour ater hour pass-ed away. The salt bush country gave place to ithe forest, the plain begas to break up into low hills, the townshi~s grew more important, cultivation paddocks surrouuled the homesteals, and at length as tihe outlines began to fade anud tIhe red dust to rise once more into thie air, lights appeariag in the scattered shanties and glaring fires outside the tents, he dozed off into an uneasy sleep. It was quite dsark when he awoke, with a start, as the train shunoel with a jerk against somue cattle trucks waiting on a niding to be conveyed to the metropolis. To his surprise he was no longer alone, During his nap a stranger had entered the compartment. He had evidently joined the train at the last stopping place, for he was still arranging?his'lu g iage, nid had not even disturbed. the packages with which the opposite seatwas strewn., They were almost in the dark, for the oil lamp which they shared with their next door neighbours was less effectually distributing light than shade. Edward rose at once and removed the obstructions to his fellow travel ler's comfort. The man thanked him courte ously, and having ensconced himself in a corner began to till a huge pipe. "That's very provoking," Ihe said, after searching in every pocket, " I certainly had a box of matches."' Without saying a word, Edward passed half-a;dozen wnax vestas between his finger and thumb. Again the stranger thanked him,-and pro ceeded to light his pipe. The transient glow irradiated a bearded face with a. pair, of earnest eyes, and lips so tightly eompressed at the corners that for,the.moment it was hard to say whether or not it, was a kindly face or merely one indicative of unusual firm ness and self-possession. -"I hope it's' my only vice," said the stranger, pufling away with- the relish of a manswho had, just survived a tobacco famine. "I suppose I could give it up if necessary, but why shotild 11 Why should any. man find a pleasure in whittling down the little comforts of life'! It is said that it's easier. to sacrifice one's grog than one's pipe, and for my own part I' believe it. Indeed, in ,my case I some times think that smoking's hereditary" . Hereditary I The trausmsssion of personal characteristics was just then occupying Ed ward's mind to the exclusion of almost everything else. His lips quivered. He looked stedfastly into the speaker's face and enquired with come anxiety, " Have you studied the question 1?".... ..... "No, not the question of an hereditary love for. tobacco. It's a mere surmise, though there maybe something in it. The Irish must surely inherit a liking for potatoes." The stranger laughed, and. struck another match to resuscitate his pipe. Edward smiled faintly, and assuring him-.. self -this time that his companion had a kindly face zreplied, "You believe in the transmission of some peculiarities then-how about.madness ?" " Undoubtedly I believe in the hereditary transmission of madness." The yourng man winced; but it was too dark for anyone but himself to be aware of the fact. " Did you ever hear of an instance "Shce?.d hunl the letter through, then panued to coult tie days to Christmas, when he had prondaed to be in town agnin." In which the child of a man suffering from acute and permanent derangement lived and died in his senses ?" " Certainly I have,'t rplied tde new-coiner. : Iti my experience as a clergyman I've seen "i~iny such cases, although as a matter of fact I've generally observed 'a ,tendency to wards mild eccentricity in most of them, and I,shouldn't like to vouch for the next gener" ation. ''Are yos interested in the'studyl" 'Edward Winters hadlno' intention of :pre claimlngi:his fearst'.o thelworld. He felt' 'that he was;,trcading on dangerous ground and merely replied that lie hail rscehtly met with a case in' which a 'yoing man whose father lad 'diedin ain adhonse, soon dis.' covered 'heredithry symptoms in. himself ; and added, Nosw, supposingI that youing fellow asked yon"for your dangheor's hasd, would you consentl" ,: If I was acquainted with the circum stances 'I should .ertainly, do'.my best to dissanade him, from marrying at all. ' It's a difficult question to answer. It'would all' depend'upon 'the symiiptoms and afteranll' it's ' matter for the:doctors to decide.. -Is 'yiur friendengaged 2", ' ; .i ,,, : This. was aliost:too much. Edward' bit his lips,and hesittie 'd"" :'"' "Perlhap I'mf trespassing' upon' yonr'con fidenixe," said the clergyman: at'length;..,' It twas'quite unintentional, assure.you." , , " Don't apologise,"Edward replied. F",e m'i' sorry to say thlit he is engaged" ' " " What do #jou think of his state df mindl" "Well, oddly enoigh, nobody.doubts. it bitt'himselft; although to tell you the truth the symptoms as he describes them do' look rather had. Throeghocit his life,' t iontervals, hoehas suffered from' acute 'morbidity.' r change in the weather; a lack of congenial sociity, a slight disappointment, has always hbeen sufficient to produce the most lament able depression of spirits.' Then"theoe 'ere ,the fears of his childhood, fears of !ghosts: fears of robbers, fears of heaven,' fears lof hell.'rnd one particularly significant dread a fear of having committed what he cilled "the unpardonable sii." "He wrote doggjel; too, indeed sometiies 'even now you might see his verses in the poet's corner of a'country. newspaper. Not that that was r ad in itself ; but in his father the, passion for versifying was uncontrollable. Indeed it was i very pronouncecd phase of his dimentia; so that, to say the' least, it's a most questionable heirloom." The clergyman listened attentively. " Is lie a religious man, or at least a man inclined to respectable morality 1" he asked at length, Edward shook his head gravely. "Alh! that involves still further grounds for appre hension," he answered at length with a sigh. "For a while he was little better than a monomrnniac, and he told me himself that in the end loe gave up his religion, even gave up attending a place of worship from e horror of being through a lack of mental ballast impelled to lengths of irredeemable extravagauce in matters of devotion." , Y'our friend's case isa least an interestiul one, and 1 fear a sad one," replied the clergy SI,. man, bestowing what Edward considered an unnecessarily searching gaze upon hinm." A third passenger found his way to the car' and nothing more was said on the subject,' though in the silence of that fair Australian` night, as the train \ia standing with theo signals against it and the stars shining I?' through the open windows, you'might have heard a low sob in the corner of the 'din~Y: railway carriage, and perhaps even caught" a sentence or two as it 'escaped the lins of' Edward Winters. "' Oh'! Ethel; my Ethel, God bless you darling," he niurmered, "Little do you dream obf the sorrow this day has in store for you. But it iust 'be done. I: enah: save you and I wilL": , Ethel Haybhrn walked ihl to the breakfast Stable that.morning with the sweetest smile imaginable. I'That's thl sort of dish: for which you' have a never'failing appetite, my dear," said her father as she reached out her delicate hand for a letter that had been thrown' upon her plate as a pleasant surprise by one of her' brothers. ' She had several brothers and two small sisters, fortthe Hayburns were a large. and inone sense, a "growing'-family. Ethel's mother was an invalid, and the' care of the household had conseqcuently devolved princi. pally upon her good management.' She was her father's right hand, and'soft and gentle as was her"nature, no partner Could have shared the responsibilities of his business withbetter judgment or more marked suc cess. He did absolutely nothing without her advice, and whether it related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchase ofE arrowroot, she gave it, "for what it was _ worth," she always said, with as much feminine grace as though she had been pass-. ing an opinion upon the latest styles in opera cloaks. "Why don't Ethel real that letter, in quired her youngest sister. "You spoke as if it was something to eat, father, and I . always eat lollies as soon as I get them." "Even with your ham sandwiches` at luncheon for instance, my darling," chimed in her sister. The father looked un, and smiling, know inglg replied:. '.Oh, Ethel's a' woman you see, and women have a habit of separating the sweets of life from the savories. That's why ctme women take to the cloister, and others go into the churches to pray on week days. There is something too sacred about a -woman's highest joys to share them with the world." " And men, what about their joys t' asked , Ethel. - : ... " The majority of men are incapable ol joys? quite so etherial;' replied her-father, b uttering a mushroom that he was. about' to swaillosw with ,a piece of steak. "Their.. pleasusures are for the most.part pleasures of the, world--of the earth, earthy, my dear." "'"Or like Cousin Dick's. of the. weed, weedy," she suggested naively. Charlie Hayburn, eight years old, with bib and tucker on, laughed heartily, and, by. way 'bf: emphasizing the joke, began to pufft' away at acrust of bread that he had already i nibbled in the shape of one of cousins Dick's. favbilrite tnmerchtum. -"Your cousin will et in towni during the .week, probably fo:d?," bseirveedthe father, SwhenEthel walkda 'ili'liet'tihi"'through' ghis to the gaide gia X .\Td. like ii dear.: "gool ýrl]: dd your lihs't o maink some re. "parititn for the'?ast; It is a crime to love''' a woninwlaho is prer aiiiod'iibler thati one self?: 'ou kiiow he'loedt you.'' ": ' St 'As well as he coulM love any~thing hut himself.\" . :"': ' ;.? , : " . .".': " " Aidfor py pailI thinktl. ii~ as the only good thin hle 4over did ini lis life:' '" Andlyosic kIiosr,' fitlit'dF, dear, that 'I; would forgie'e hiui for eve'rythiiigghbut thati IHappiness uioiildtduly' have been possible itinder one coditioni, and that Was. when le had dragged imy life doivn to thelhvel of his '?'You might lirie olevnted Dick, my love." This was too inich for anything'. The idea of elevating Dick I'Fat, likzy tobacco- scented "I ',Yoitu are reailly 'to hulmanen you old dear," said Ethel. vith" 'r prtiti"kiss: ,'Most fathers would hi?ve kiicked't? fellbo out-of doors. , . .'' ., ' :When 'the soirdiikhliad ireceived'"thleir orders for the day,i theyodg'mistreats inight ' ,.Io seen strolling leisurely into'the'grde n.' She ria;tdlo striglt foir her old friend, the ' : Molondil hay fi tree. Its shade was pleasant tha t' niborinig .pr the siun was p?nferful and the sea breeze \h t "'iat; in spriiigiing 'up. Sler grandfatlher had planted iliat tree three-: quarters of a century agso.' Irel father wheln a boy had ornamented its stem withl all' manner of devises-mottoes, hearts, initials and so forth, and her brothers had adlded to the repertoire. It was likewise historic, of the exact height at certain ages-but the ages always are forgotten--of three genera tions of liayburns. And it seemed to Ethel as though before long it might become the standard measure of a fourth generation even. She drew the letter from her pocket, and having thrown the envelope on the ground composed herself to the task of reading it. They were always moments of in tense pleasure- thaose moments spent over' Edward's letters. BIy postponing the perusal of them until she had leisure to drink in the sweets of each line, she somehow added more than bank interest to their value. Tearing them open at the end was like draw ing the cork of aged wine she fancied. The epistle before her was the best she had ever had-each successive one was always the besat but how unsatisfactory after all, how far short of the joys of actual conversation. She read half the letter through, then paused to count the days to christmas, when le had promised to be in town again. At last it was finished, and read again, and she was still sitting with it before her when the gate leading from a side lane opened and she beard a low and faltering footstep on the gravel walk. It was not a familiar step. She never remembered hearing it before. And to enter by the side gale too, the gate that ohly he had been in the habit of using in the daytime. It approached to a junction, that of two paths and there for a moment paused. She listened. It moved on, but instead of taking the road to thelhouse door, it followed the path behind the shrubbery. Her heart heat quick. There was something strange, almost suspieions in that step. Whose coull it be. She.listened again. It died away. It must have passed on to the newly planted flower beds. She will go straight to the gardener. As she rises, a hand fills gently on her shoulder and a voice-a strangely altered voice gasps out "My Ethel I" Another moment and she was quivering like a bird in SEdward's arms. He is ghastly pale, and tears are standing in his large brown eyes. She is the first ro speak coherently. " You are'ill dear. That place is killing you." " it's not the place my darling. It's the thcoght of you that makes me pale." She only shook her head and gazed more wodrAeringly than ever into his face. " Oh Ethel!" at lengh.he burst out "I a, ntot the man I thought I was. I've no right to marry you, and I won't." '" Ahy Edward, what do you mean 1" she said rith a start, '" i1 would only pain you to know my love. tlettur f .rget all about me." P·= I insist upon knowing," she con " You "an't alter it, dear. It -is a matter of in"ily history. It has to do with my ' Du you are English. You were the :,t f y, :r family to come out to Sydney. Wi: ' .laid you be ashamed of your parent-, It's not that, Ethel-it's something in finitely worse, I would rather drag my own life out in iron chains than hind you to my ulterdl fortune% with the cenl of a poisoned lov,." This was more than she could stand. She put her hauls up 'to her face and wept hit terly-the first time she had ever cried in his presence without rocking herself in his arms. Edward sat beside her motion less. Another gate opened-the front gate this time--sand it was a fiat and heavy foot that trot the eravel beneath it. The color came to Edward's face, and Ethel, leaving her seat, walked behind the shrubs where the shade was dense. Nor didshe appear again until C ,inin Dick's portly form had twice tra versel the lawn.tand after subjecting itself to serious contortions in the presence of Edwiard, had disappeared for the rest of the day. The lovers. fi.r they were lovers still, re paired to the house. Bitter tears were shed in a half-darkenal room. Kisses were wrung from a pale and silent form stretched help leksly upon the conch. Then the great hall door opened slowly, and Edward reeled to the garden gate. At Warrona people had begun to talk of the strangeways of the new bank manager. The clergy had deemed it their duty to inter view him. Some of the storekeepers had been considering the propriety of removing their accounts. Even the police had been warned to keep an eye upon him. Edward is still going mad. Others might tell you that he is moreknave than fool, but be knows better. Changes in the weather affect him more than ever. On dull days he only speaks in monosyllables, and when' not actively en rared with customers, sits moping before his desk. He walks by himself, and then only occasionally complains of nervous twitchints in his muscles. Certain localities lie exclodes altogether from hisrambles. Open stretches of country and particular aspects of the town ship itself "jars on his nerves," he tells you. He has difficulty too in concentrating his thoughts upon the figures before him. All signs of the approaching ends. He had cea sed even to kick against the pricks now. "It's only a question of time." he said to himself one unusnally cloudy day as he sat alone in his bedroom after leaving the bank. "Another year or two and I suppose I shall be not only be resigned to my fate-I've been that all along-but perfectly contented with it." A knock came to the door. IHe took no notice of it. There it was again, and this time the hanble was violently shaken. Still he sat, silently stroking the hair down over his forehead. Then the door was gently opened. and an unexpected visitor sidled with diffi:ulty into the narrow apartment. "Excuse me, Mr. Winters," said the intruder; 'but I've got some news that may be interesting." Elward looked up. Oace again in his life lihe was surprised. Lately he had been astonished at nothing-barely interested, in fact, in anything. " Dr. Martiu !" he now exclaimed, and took the old man by both hands with a kind of savage glee. Yes, it was Dr. Martin. The man who had mixed the potion and then disappeared mysteriously seemed to have come back again just in time to give his victim a decent burial. "I feared as much," he said anxiously, as I he gazed into the pale wan face. "That was a a had night's work, but I didn't think you'd I takeiwhat I said seriously. So!few people! outside the profession ever gave" hereditary disease'a single thought. I left Warrona in a hurry lest yon should ask more questions, for I'd had a little whisky, and didn't know" how much I'd told you. And if it hadn't been for attending a young lady who is away from home for change of air, having been. \- nearly killed by the heartlessness of herlover, I should never have given you the credit for thinking of.anything but my unfortunate allusion to Lady Winters, which, I beg to say, is entirely without foundation. This same young lady aroused my suspicions, and here I am to doctor you now. Everything's come right at last. Both secrets are solved. Forgive me and I'll core you in afortnight." "No thanks, no medicine doctor," said the patient with) waive of his hand. "Its tm' late for that now." "This one dose and nodmore, I promise yosu no more," persisted the old man. .And so saying he took a medicine case from his huge, breast-pocket, and read out the followring rather queer prescription, which he said had. been placed in his hands by the young lady's fatlher: "Meosseaton, May 16th, 1882. "To Thomas hayburn, Esq. "Dear Unele.--ou told me to write what particulars of young Winter's family history I was able to discover during my tour in England. I think at.last we have bowled him out. How dare he pass himself off in Australia as the son of titled parents. I should be obliged if 'you will inform my cousin Ethel of the true facts of the case. They are briefly these. His father, a drunm ken blacksmith, died when he was a few months old. His mother, unable to maintain a family, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in hand by Lady Winters, who, much to the annoyance of her husband, determined to adopt him as her own son. Both Sir Wilfrid and Lady Winters have been dead for some years now, and their estates being encumbered with debts, nothing remains for the Australian adventurer. "Yeaour nephew, "Richard Hayburn." "What an ass a fellow is to label himself a madman, Ethel," said Edward Winters to his bride one fine spring morning, as they leaned over the side of the Flora on their way to Tasmania. "You'll never do it again, dear, will you?" she said looking up into his face. "No. in future I am going to wait until other people tell me I'm mad my darling." " And you'll believe it then I" "I don't promise." "' Why I" "Because that old bachelor with the 'possum rug over his knees says we look like a pair of lunatics-that all. young couples do." 