TheHeiress of Deepdene . OIlAr'l'Elt ix,- (CONl'INUKD.) 'rjtmiKUNB did liot sponk for n moinimt. Ho wns: ovidontly dooply impvoasod Willi tlio gravity of .llio 'Situation ; .nnd . liisrwifo, who wns watching linn nnx- iously, snw tlio porploxod knitting of tliadjrows, wluoh told:' -that ho con sidered' hor nows of tlio most sorions , import to GodFroy. : - j > . i ' Mndolino will do nil sho onn to get : rout of bearing; witness ngninst linn,' wont on Katio; 1 only,- of conrso, if sho is put on hor ontli sho will lmvo to toll tho.truth. r.wnS'in lioi' room wlion :I saw Supormtondont Koun ooming. up j tlio approaolr with you, and so de cided that at' all hazards ho must.bo:. provontod from sooing hor until I bad consulted with you as to what was host to be dono.' ' That wns olovor of.yoUjICntio. -Yos you nro rignt. ; xiio nintter is urgonr., nnd wlmtovor douision wo oouio to wo must oontrivo: to cnri'y : out. with ns htllo delay us posmblo. I think I. had' liottor soo GodFroy,. nud aftor that aBk Miss Broroton to oomo down to mo, : and wo will consult togotbor.' His wife- noddod- coinprohonsivolv, nnd wont up to : Mndolino's . room, while' GodFroy, looking. . : terribly womod and hnrnssod, took lus plaoo' m tho study. . . . 1 Now, look . horo, Vane,' Trolioruo said, nnprossivoly. aftor onrofullyolos- \- ing tho.doorp ' I'm your fnond, ,and; I . monn to -stand , your friond— that's uioro. But lot mo toll yoiij yon aro in a jolly awkward position with, rognrd to this'nffnu, and if I am to holp you, you had hottor mako.a olonn broast of ovorytlung.' ; ; bty door follow,' rojoinod;: tlio youugminu.tquiotly, ' I'. liavO ' nlrondy dono so. - I havo nothing inoro to ndd : to tho atntoinontil made 'to Konu, ex- t. oopk thnt Lulco Qiuilniors, in tlio lioar- v "ingot Miss Broroton, nooiisod mo of ; having: muvdqrod hiin.' . V . : A vory .liupovlaut oxooption ! ' ob- ; ; sorvod.John, di'yly.' . ; '.Yos — a vovyi important oxcoption, . as you.Bny, and oiio tlint ivill go ngamst'ino if l:am suspootod-of having killod liiui — as; I fancy from Bonn's . demeanour iu tlio' base. But . on .that ; point you fan perhaps enligbton mo ?' \ ' ITonn is now/ on' bis way to tlio % nonrost mngistrato to obtain a warrant ,for your; nrrost ! ' rojoinod1 Trehorno, with grim brovity. Godfrey: growla littlp pnloiv aud liis lips sot thouisolvos iu.ft firm, line ns bo looked out of tlio window.-; 'Then bo burst into a bittdrlnugk. / ' What nn unluoky doyil l am!' It sooms to mo : Pato is always' playing av.me"- some "sonrvy-" striok -or -other ; and this Inst is theworst o|,all.'. Unnlmors t snjd -fruly' that;- ho/iiwould liavo : liis vovougo. Ho onrriod,' liis enmity to tlio bittor ond, indood.'v; \ VPorlinps. doliriiiin; pvompted liis acousatiou .ngninst you ?.v suggested 'Trohorno, but Godfrqy slioplc bis hoad. : ' No; ' llis ihind was perfectly olonr,; and lio not only know.-whnt.ho was saying, but lio was quite oonsoious of the probablo oousoquoncos of his words,' and I boli ovo thoy were the' deliberate outcoino of his mnlico. For my par t,; I saw at onco how serious tlio results might bo to mysojf; and it waa'for tbnt. ironson I said nothing about them to; Ifonn. I' wish1 liliiid told him now, , sinco it is bound io come out.' 'But that, is just tho point.- Is- it bound to 'ooino out?' oxcluimod Tre- borne, energetically. 'Surely in a enso hko tliis wo should bo justified in \- suppressing. so inueb,. , and bow to; \- -manage it is what wo must turn our' attention .to. . Of opurso, .thoro. is al ways tlio liopo thnf?.tko ronl qulprit1 may bo found ; but then/ou tboiptlior band, thoro is tlio foar that ho!;niny not bo, and it is ngaiust that oon- tingonoy that wo must provido. By somo means or othor wo must prevent juauoiiuu JJruiuiuil nuui giviug ucr ovidonco.' . " This wns oxnotly whnt his wifo was saying to Modolino upstnirs — Mndo lino, who -looked white nnd frngilo ns \- somo tall white. lUy bonding beneath last night's storm: - 'If you will only toll mo the. way to avoid it. Honypn knows how grato- iully :I 'will acoopt tlio suggestion !' tho young girl said, in a vory low, strainod . voico, that told how muoh sho wns suf fering. ' ' ' And, indeed, it soomoil to hor most v torriblo, that ngnin. in a crisis of God- \- frey's life, sho should bo tlio moans of bringing bis inisory homo to him. ' Aftor nil her striving to rodeom the liijustioo of Sir lfioharil's will— aftor h6r bopos of success — after her dreams of justifying horsolf — after nil this she would havo to appear in n court of jus tice, nnd, mnybo, sivonr nwny tho. life of tho mau whoso forgiveness sho had toilod so bnrd to win ! Tho idon wns simply maddening, and sho felt that no sacrifice sho might bo called upon to mako — short of commit- 1 ting perjury— would La too hard. | Katio Trohorno stood at the window, looking out on tho volvot lovol oE tho tennis lawn, and drumming hor slondor lingers thoughtfully on. tho pnnos, whilo many thoughts eliasodoach other through hor busy brain. "With tho nnvon8oning dovolion of lior sex, sho lind ospousod Godfrey's oauso ns warmly ns if ho had boon hor brothor or hor husband, nnd sho wns rosolvod not to loavo a slono unturnod in hor offorts to savo him from the awful uccusntion that looinod ovor his lvoad. Sho did not sot up for a ' bluo stock ing,' hail novor road political economy , or troublod horsolf with tho voxod quostion of womon's rights ; hut for all that sho wns n clovor littlo oronturo, niul hor fominino quickness .of ton led lior to conclusions that it would ;hnvo tnkon lior husband double tho time to nmvont. - , . ' ; ' In tho prosont instnnoo nn iiloa had soizod hold of her imagination, whioh, wild nud romnntio .as it .might sooni, would ofFoct its piirposo very succoss- fully. Porhnps it wns partly born of tho story sho .had just, hoard from Made- ,1;.. liivn nf Kitlr f.linf linnnrl liar J1IIU O ll|«J Ul 1/uu- iiMik <» uuwu«» lifo to Goilfroy Vano's — for, as tho roador knows, Katio bad boon, up to tho prosont, ignorant that Mndolino was Sir lliclinrd'Vane's hoirdss. As n ninttor of fact, Mndolino had intoudod tolling hor from tho first, hut had put it off from dny to day in tho liopo that Godfrey's attitudo would booomo moro frionilly towards hor, and also boonuso sho folt that it might oauso a certain amount of nwkwardnoss botwoon him and liis hostoss. After tho ovonts of tho morning, hoivovor, sho doomed it a simple mattor oE duty to onlightou Katio, and tho nstonishmont of tho latter may bo im- nginod whon slip hoard how ouriously fnto lind made the two lives cross. - ' Mndolino,' alio said, nt length, ' do you ronlly and truly wish to give up tho Doopdono estatos to'Oiiptain Vano ?' \- iiiuuuii a. no ; . . , , - . . ' Thon it NQ'oin8' -to 'mo 'thoro is, after; nil, a vory obvious solution "of tho difE- oulty both ns rognrds tho estates and the giving of ovidonco"' against hiin- : as wolh' ' Toll it rab, Katio, and you will soo 'how ready I shall' bo to'ombrnce it.' , - But Katio soomod; in -no hurry to mako it knowii, for sho put hor finger oil hor lip, aftor- a fashion alio had whon hor mind was not quite made up on so mo par ticular point, aud lookod at Mndolino rather hositatirigly. ' ' Toll ino,' sho said, after a pause, 4 do you 1 beliovo that what Liilco Olinl- mors said was. true ? V . '.No!' ;thp young girl;answorod, vory positivoly, ' I do not; Whntoyor ho may bo, Godfrov Vane is incapable of tho on mo of murder.' ; ' :f v/1 : ' I agreo with you. If . it wore not so, I would not lift so muoh ns a littlo finger to holp him. What- the, secret of tho murdor -may roally bo I onn t sny j but anyhow. I don't bolioye God frey's was tbo lmnd that firod the fatal shot; Now listen to me, Mndolino,' jflib lpwprod her, voico ; so as to avoid nil possibility of boing ovorhoard,.' the English law. does not permit a wifo to bear witnoss agninBt hoi: husband; My idoa is this— marry Godfrey Vane be- foro lio is arroated.' crrAi'TEii xi. . hrndolino was absolutely stupefied by tlio suddenness and boldness of the proposal. It ' Camp upoa hor- as so much of a surprise that- at first she folt a littlo bowildefod. .Naturally,' ; too; ; 'hey - maidenly, modesty l-ovoltod agniust snoli a snori- fico ; but, at tlio same? timo, ' sho ; saw very clearly- that- Katie's ' suggestiPn, romnntio; as it might soem at tho out- sot, was no vorthelosshhokodbv 'sound common souso../ : . ' Well ! ' said Mrs. Trehorne, -aftera- long .pnuso, (. What do-you say ?' ' I oim't say anything just n't /pro-; sent. You have, tnkon , my ; bronth away !' tlio girl rojoinod, with;' tho fiiintost ghost of a smile. ' Lenvo mo for a littlo whilo, Katio, and, I will think over tho matter. I must bo alone in ordor to do so.' ' Hor friond at onop obeyed tlio hint, and Mndolino began to walk back wards nnd forwards from: wall to wall, woigkiug over in -hor mind tho pros and cons of tho onso; After all, tho idea, whioh sho do- cidod must have oomo from Godfrey, was a good ono, innsinuoh ns it would sorvo' two purposes — soouro silence on ber':pnrt, and-at tho same time give back to liim -the estates that phould be hisl ' But ivftor-; — ! . Mndolino shivorod; and hor medita tions wont 110 further.1--' ' Lot tlio futuro tnlco onro of itself,' sho murmured fovorishly. ' It is with tlio prosont rilono tluit I liavo to oon- oorn -mysolf.' -Surely by such li- saori- fico I can rodoom.ovorything that has gono hoforo. Yos, if -ho vvishos- it, I will consent !' Strangoly enough, no question of lov'o for a moment ocoufred to her. Sho lookod upon tlio whole mattor as a business' transnotion, whioh she was willing .to undertake simply ond sololy for the sake of Godfrey, and in which soutimont hold no part. In ordor to explain this, it must bo romemberod that our horoino was vory young, and that hor knowledge of tlio world was oxtroinoly limited1. Besides this, sho had brooded, ovor siuoo Sir lliclmrd's death, ou tho idoa of giving bnok tlio Doopdono ostatos to his nophow until it had hooorno a sort of mania with hor ; ond to-day hor foot ings woro workod up to thoir liighost pitch at tho thought of tho porilous position in whioh Godfroy was placed. Whon Mrs. Troherno onino . bnok the young girl wus standing in tho middle of the. room, whito and motiou- less as it statue, , but with a world of otondfust resolve shining in hor lucent oyos. Katio could not help thinking of: Joan of Aro as sho stood at the. stako, calmly watohiug tho llamos, whose forkod tonguos woro shooting up to destroy hor — and Bho was angry with horsolf for tho thought. ' - ' Well, ' dear, liavo you' docidod ?' sho askocl, hor voico troubling a littlo with oxcitomont — for sho folt ns if sho woro assisting in somo thrilling scono of a drama. ' Yos. If Oaptain Vano wishes it I will marry him at onco — and I suppose I10 doos wish it, otherwise you would not havo suggostod it !' Mrs. Trohorno winced, but she did not contradict tho surmise — which wns an oxtroinoly natural ono on Made line's part. Indood, if tlio young girl had not fanciod that tlio idea had emanated firstly from Oaptain Vano, it is vory unlikely that slio would havo givon it serious consideration. Whether Katio was right in allow ing hor to roinain in ignorance ou this point is opon to doubt.'' 1 Tho fact is, Mrs. Trohorno wns an invotorato matchmaker, anil something of a feather- brain ns woll, and from the first she had fully made up hor mind that those two people should become husband and wifo. Bosidos, she. dearly loved, intrigue for intriguo's anlfA nnrl fffiR miifn rlnfnvminiiil'' t.n carry this scheme of liors to a success ful issuo. Sho kissod . Madelino ou tlio brow, and ngnin loft hor, tolling her sho would nnnounco hor decision to God froy — nnd then alio folt that tho most difficult, part of hor mission had yet to couio, for Godfrey was assuredly not tho sort of mnn to got himself out of a scrapo by the sacrifice of a woman, lot the woman bo whom b1io might. Katie contrived to soo him alone, nnd, with n littlo tremor in hor voice, told him tho purport of hor communi cation — in what words sho could not afterwards havo told, for evon sho wus rathor shakon out of hor solf-control. , -Sho- dared not look nt Godfroy while oho wns spanking, and aftor she had concluded sho had not tho chnnco of doiug so, for lie walked straight to tho wiuuuw' uiiu auuiaiiiuu buiuu lui ut least five minutes, gazing out hoforo 'Mini 'and considerably tantalising liis hostoss, who would have givon a groat deal at that preoiso juncturo to havo beon able to soo the expression of bis eyes. ; At last ho spoko— but without turn ing round. 'Am I to undorstnnd, Mrs. Tre horno, that you nro Miss Broroton's" ambassadress in this mattor ?' Katie swallowed a lump in her throat before sho answorod. 'Yos.' ' And Miss Broroton lias made .tho BUggostion of hor own freq will, (.with- out aiiy pressure having beon'' brought to boar upon her ?' A largor lump bad to be swallowed this timo ! . 1 . ' 'Yes.' . ' Then,' said Godfrey, drawing a long/ deep breath, ' tell hor I accept — with gratitude.' Mrs. Troherno was so astonishod at this immediate success that she ab solutely gasped, and was seized with a violont appreciation of her own ex ceptional powers as a diplomatist. Olonrly diplomaoy was her vocation, and if fate bad but oreated bor a man what a splendid destiny might have beon- bors! ' . . / - She was muoh too clever to exprosB her elation. All she said was,— ' I am glad loan give lior a.favour- ablo answer; Of course tlio ceremony must tako place with as little delay as possible.' : L' 1 T V-/; ,(. . ' Yo8;;I suppqso'so.! i : /. f And you- will havo : 'to ! -got a license?' , > . : , ' Yos; ' I will-got a spooial one, nnd then .wo onn -bo. married when and whore wo. like.? 1 ; . ; Katie hurriod-from tlio room; 1 Thoro was a sort ot unroaiity iu alt tins tlint mada' her feel a sense of insecurity.! .At any moment either Madeline- or Godfroy might draw back, and then all'her solionios would come to nothing/ ' , The little lady had small idoa of tho edged tools with whioh sho was play ing, or tho deep motives aud passions that had actuated both Madelino and Godfroy in thoir assent to hor plan. So true it is that we know nothing of our neighbours' hearts ; indeed, how can we know anything, when ovon to those nonrost ond dearest — . those whose lips and hands daily press ours — thoso whose lives are woven in one with our own, wo aro so often — strangors yet 1 Tho person from whom she , on- countered most - opposition was hor husband. But John Troherno, strong, sensiblo man as ho wns, had his weak points, and in tho hands of his protty wiEo was like a pioco of wax, so that after ten minutes' nugumont ho was brought to look at matters moro from her point of view. ' Only,' ho said, ' mind tliiB, Katio ! I take no sort of responsibility iu tho affair whatovor. If Miss Broroton nnd Vano want to got married; I'll1 llUtp bUUIII IU IJUO UtJOb Ul II1JT UUlUkJ| but of tho consoquoncos I wash my hands.' ' Oh-! ' said Katio, lightly. ' The aftor consoquenoos cannot fail to bo plonsant ! Tho two will go and livo at Godfrey's nncestral homo; thero will bo n clang of wedding bolls, nnd tho wholo thing will bo a delightful romance with a happy onding. Eoi- my part, I have no foar of tho rosult.' Idlo words — words that in aftor yoars enmo bnok to hor in cruel mookery of thoir impotence— words that would liavo diod unspoken ou hor lips, if only tho dark oui-taiu that bidos tbo futuro could but 'have boon withdrawn, and rovonlod tho tragedy that loomed so ominously in tbo distance ! . . f I'd Ve continued, j The noblest, and most. useful livos are blade iip of small aots and doods. Our nature runs either to lierbs or weeds; lot 11s seasonably wator the ouo aud dostroy the other. . '- : 