^BJ^ BT ' VERAX,' * Author of ' 'With tho Ude,' ' Bard Hit,' M Bluo and WTilte,' &o.; SPECIALXjY Wm'lTLJJ FOR THE ' REFEREE.' JXL BKJHTB KX8ZXVXD. CHAPTER f TV AT TUB ' DIAMONDS.' TT WAS a 'difficult tasV Lady Molissa sat J- horsolf when sho decided to visit ' Tho Diamonds ' in company with Biioh a man aa Hector Flushton. Perilous enough to hor honor it would bo to go nlono, but with Flushton thoro c.ould be but one meaning attached to it had sho boon discovered. Sho was, liowevor, sv woman not easily daunted. Once sho had madu np hor mind sho schomod how to carry out hor design. Doubly difficult; was hot- task now Sir William lmd become suspicious, aud aho had mi idea lio half disbeliovod her Btory about ' Tho Diamonda.' Thoro uro many womon, good women, who for somo orror committed, in their youth suffor dooply in after lifo. Whon thoy fancy the dead pnst buried, it rises before them liko a ghost and con fronts tlioiii with horrible reality. Lsuly Molissa had tho Ncourago of a Hypatia, but bIio woa moro /a modorn woman than tho famous heroic maiden of old. The more she snw hur husband and herself drifting npart, tho better aho loved him, and conaoquontly the moro she hated Plushlon. To savo hor husband pain and slinmn was tho upponnpst thought in hor mind. Slio would willingly havo sacrificed herself to snvo him, but that sacrifico aho knew must not touch his honor through her own. 'Tho Diamonds.' Tho very imnio in:ulo her shudder. It conjured up a vision of painted shameless women, clothed in lino garments, covered with diamonds nnd precious stones that rellectod nion'a lost honor in their glittering, dazzling light. It may Ijo tho fashion of tho prcsont world to 'sneur at honor, and make light of disgraoo. Some men uro so dead to all sense of Bhaiuo thoy cannot fuel disgraca, though thoy may suo it dimly through their sensuous clouded vision. It may bo tho fashion to jest afc a woman's ruin, and laugh at the wrock of a uiothor'a honor. Thero nro mon baso enough to tako ad vantage of women's helplesanoBS, but beavdii help such mon when their day of reckoning arrives. Ludy Melissa was in the power of n, man who knew not what itwas to honor another man's wifo. Flushton was popular, as suoh men go, ho mixed freely with tho women of his world, and their in nocent daughters. But it wore better for a woman to die beforo aho fell into such a man's 'power. Iloetor i'lushtou could not bo called brutal to somo womon, although he was painfully eruolly outspoken to such women as Florrio St. Georgu and Bella Luscombe. But Lndy Melissa had ono keen woapon sho could turn against this man did she know it. The basest nature generally has somo spark of bettor feeling iu it. That better spark in Flushtou's naturo was his nd luivation for tho woman ho had, and felt he had, in his power. Ho loved Lady Melissa butter than any woman ho had ever mot. Ho had loved her before sho Married Sir William, although, perhaps, ho hardly knew it. It was Btrango tho very .thing in Hector Flushton that Lady Melissa feared most was her greatest safeguard against him. Hector Flushton had nlso thought much over his interview with Lady Molissa. Tho moro ho thought tho less he could under stand himself. He had meant to gain her at any cost, and now ho hesitated. lie Knev.-sno would asK co see mo proois ho had said ho could show her. What Florrie St. George had actually shown him was a copy of a cortificato of tho birth of a malo child. Ho knew tho names on it, of course, or moro correctly speaking tho mother's name, but the man's namo, which was tho same surname, ho had never heard of. Ho bad jumped to a certain conclusion, and Florriu St. Goorgo ho knew now had put him on tho right track. Sir William Melissa, was called away to Adfilaide ou business, and this was Lady Nora's oppor tunity. Sho communicated with Hector Flushton, and a timo was appointed to visit ' Tlio Diamonds.' Flushton had somo difficulty with Florrio St. George, but ho had at lnst overcome her scruples, and Bulla Luscombe would bo absont from tho house whon tho interview was to tako place. Lady Molissa orderod hor carriage, and drove to tho thoatro alono. This was strange, thought old Marks, tho butlor, but probably sba would join a party there. She remained in the theatro a short timo, and then came out as though overcome with tho heat. Sho mut Flushton, who assisted hor down stairs, and vory littlo notice was taken of ;.hem lie had a privato cirriago at hand, and they drovo direct to' Tho Diamonds.' It was a curious drive, is yet no words had actually boon spoken by Hector Flush ton, v.-hicli said plainly Lndy Melissa was tho woman alluded to in his stoiy. Uut it needed no words to convinco them they thoroughly understood each other. ? iVhnfc Lady Mulissn feared even moro tlmn tho chauco of exposure with Flushton was tho meeting with the woman who held her secret, and such a woman. On arriving at ' Tho Diamonds ' Hoctor Flushton haudud her out and they wont into tlio house. Presently 'Klorrio St. Gcorgu entered, and Lady Molissa could uot repress a slight shudder as aho saw her. It did not oscapo the notice of tho woman who hold her soorot. Thorn was no neud of nn introduction. Lady Molissa said : ' Would you bo kind enough to' lot mo havo a few moments alono with HUa St. Geoi'|;o ?'' ' Sho takes it deuced cool,' thought that lady. , Uoctor Flushton bowod, and wont on to tho verandah, whore ho lit n cigar. Ho hail no desire to be present at th« in'ter viiiw. ' I holiovo, Miss St. Oeorgo you dro in possession of somo papers which belong to mo ?' said Lady Melissa, haughtily. ' Would you allow mo to seo them ?' This wan not tho kind of tono Miss St. Georue'liad oxpeetod to bo addressed in, and she rusuntud it. ' Excuse me, Lady Mnliss.Y, I havo no papers of yours. They were left to me by my mother.' ' Lot mo see them ?'. said Lady Melissa. 'Why should I let you soi« them t' said Florrio St. George. ' , ' Lady Melissa changed her manner. ' I nsk it as a favor of one woman toward another,' sho said. - ! -, ' 'Then I will show you-. them,''. porno with me,' and Florrio St., George-led the way into hor own room. ? ' 1 1 was a luxurious room, and agnin- Lady Molissa shuddered aa she ottered it. Florrio St. George ope.'iqd r. drawer, fcnd took, out a small box, i 'Lady Melissa, I will trust jou to return me tho contents us thoy are, Promiso ino that ?' sho said. ? ' I will,'said I/ady Melissa, and Florrie St. Goorgo know aho meant it, and handed her tho box and koy, Lndy Melissa took it with trombling hands. Sho know it. What feelings tho sight of that small box conjured up. It was fomo minutos boforo sho' opened it. Florrio St. Goorge watohod her Btondily,. and folt a pooulinr fooling of uneasiness stealing ovor her. Hor desiro for humilia ting Lady Melissa, seemod to havo loosened its hold upon hor. With trombling hands. Lady Melissa opoued tho box. Sho lifted out a small chain and miniature. She gazed at it fondly, and tears started to her eye.8. It was a picture of a curly-haired littlo lad, with bright blue eyes. 'It was tho picture of such a lad as Hall Caino would havo dolightod to call ' Littlo Sun locks.' A bonuie littlo fellow. You could almost seo the merry twinkle in his childish oyes, and hoar the half broken words falling from his pretty lips. Not more than four years old. 'My God I' said the childless wifo of Sir William Melissa, and her piu. . spirit seemod brokou. Sho heeded not the presence of Florrio St. Gporgo. Sho forgot sho was thoro. Hor wholo boin-; was wrapped up in the innocent childish jace bofore her. That heart-broken cry, 'My God!' had pierced tho other woman's heart. Souie v/here, deop down in tho dullod feelings, hor sinful lifo had left hor,. Florrio St. George found 'the romunnts of a better woman, a girl as she had boon in formor days. Sho could not tear herself away. Slid felt fascinated. Lady Melissa had cast a spell over hor, and she waited. Sir William's -wife was filled with bitter thoughts. A mighty self reproach had risen up in her heart. Whero was that child now ? Sixteen years ago aho had cried with delight over those littlo curly babyish locks. Sho had fondled thorn with a mother's tondor caress, she had kissed them, and thoy hadfolt in her hands softer than any silks she had evor possessed. She had watched tho bright gleam in thoso pretty bluo oyes when tho littlo fellow saw her coming, and had run with childish glee to greet her. Sho again heard tho patter of the little feot, and tho clasp of tho tiny hand, as her own darling had lisped in childish glee. 'Woo's turn, mamma. What ha3 woo dot for oor pretty boy ?' Then in imagination sho once more clasped him in her arms, and filled his open hands with childish delights pur chased at curious toyshops and con fotionery stores. And that was sixteen years ago. ' ' Tho papers lay in the box. The papers sho had come to buy, at any cost. The papers which held the story of her life, and wero in another woman's hands. ' . » Sho heeded them not. . Hector Flushr ton, husband, position, fear,, danger, dis grace, wero all lost in orib sad remem brance, tho bitterrecollectiori of wrongsdone to tho child, whose miniature lay before her. ' My God ! where is he now ?' she moaned. And tho other woman loookod at her, and big tear-dropo stooj in her oyes. Was this Florrio St. Goorgo? Could this uo the woman who danced an im promptu can-can on tho drawing-room table, amid a chaos of empty champagne bottles, and clouds of cigar smoke, and the laughter of coarse men ? Was this Florrio St. George who had vowed Liuly Melissa should bo humbled in tho dust, and that she should not take Hector Flushton from her? It was, and yet it was not. There had never been such a scene in 'The Dia monds ' as this before. Thero hncl been tears of rage, but never such tears as thoso shed in Florrie St. George's room. ' Whero is ho now ? My littlo angel,' said Lady . Melissa, looking still at the miniature. ' No harm could bofall a child liko that,' said Florrie St. Goorgo. Lady Melissa looked up, she had forgotten the presence of nnother woman. It ro called hor to ft fienso of whero she was, but at the aamc timo she saw tho change that had como over Florrio St. George. 'Toll mo. Whero is tho boy?' said Lady Melissa. ' I do not knonr,' said Florrie. 'Is— is he dead?'1 faltered Lady Melissa. ' I do not know,' was tho answer. Lady Melissa rose from her seat. 'What has become of that child }'. she said, as she took Florrie St. George by tho wrist. 'Oh ! Lady Melissa, don't speak liko that, 1 cannot hoar it. I am n bad woman, T know. but 1 would givoall I possess to find out what became of littlo Jaci.' 11 Did I not loave him in your mother's earn ? ' asked Lndy Melissa. ' Yes, but ho ran away tvhon quite a little chap. Whon you did not come to soo him after your marriage with Sir William he pinodand fretted and oneday ho ran away,' said Florriu St. George. 'Wero you kind to him ?' said Lady MolisBa. ' Porliaps not so kind as wo might have been,' said Florrio St. George. ? ' A nd your mother diod ? ' said Lndy Mel lissa. ? ' ' Yoa,' said Florrio, with ft sob. ' Perhaps it was bettor ho ran away,' said Lady Melissa. It was cruel, but she could not help Baying it. Florrio St. George was Bomowhnt nettled at this remark, and in her old man nor said : ' It's not for you to call up memories liko' that. You aro not perfect, Lady Mulissu.' ' Forgivo uip,' said Lndy Melissa. ' I bog jour pardon. I should not huvo said that.' ' Thoso papers aro yours. Lady MoliBsa,' said Florritt St. George. ' 'Mino! Do you mean to tell , mo 1 can tako thoso papers ?' ' ' You can,' said Florrio St. George, ' All of them.' .' And you ? ' asked Lndy 'Moliasn. \- ' I will not tnko anything but your thanks, Lady MeliBna. I did that lad a wrong. I will try and find him for you.' ' I must find him,' said Lady Molissa, ' if only to help him as an unlcnown'friond. But it ia Tory goneroua of you to givo mo thoso papors. What can I do in iu return for them ? ' Florrio St George bluBhod- ns sho said: ' Do uot toll Hector Flashtou you k'tv Wr«Jn.' Lndy Molissa looked at hor and thought: '?And sho lovoa Flnshton, and ho——' 8ho ahuddorod at what nucli a man was cupablo of doing with a woman liko thin. ' I promisu you I will not toll him,' bIio said. 'Givo mo your hand. If over you aro in ncod of a friend Bond for mo. No mutter whon or whoro, I will holp you.' ' I will not forgot, Lndy Melissa. I fool a bettor woman now. It was that innocent child's picturo did this,' uaid Florrio St, Guorgo, Lady Melissa toolc thb papors nnd tho miniature, carofully folded them and placed them iu the bosom of hor dress, ' I must go now,' sho said. ' With Hoctor Flushton P ' said Florri* St. George ' Yes. It is .necessary,' said Lady MoliBsa. ' I can trust you ? ' asked Florrio 'Implicitly,' said Lady Molissa. ' I will do all I oan for you.' whom Lady fllolissn joinod uoctor inusn ton he had become very impatient and was not in tho best of tompors. ' However, he consoled himself by thinking Lady Melisua would no doubt be brought to her sensos whon sho found sho could not purchase the papors from Florrio St. Goorgo. 'No fear of hor parting with 'em' thought Flushton. ' She's too fond of mo, and thoy give hor such a hold over hor lady ship. But I'll got thorn, and use them too if Lady Nora does not lialon toroason. And yot I fool I cannot harm her whon sho is near me. The eight of her at Sir Willinm'a side, howovor, makes my blood boil. I inuBt havo hor.' 'Ah ! here you aro. I fancied you woro never coming,' said Flushton, aa Lady Molissa appeared, 'Iain ready to go,' sho said, quietly. ' Thon go we will. This is no place for you,' ho said. Sho mado no answer nnd Btopped into tho carringo. . Aa she was doing so a figure passed close by tho window ou tho opposite sido, but sho did not see it. It was Toddy Blake on a visit to his onamoruta. '' Whow I ' Jio whistled, ' That's un common liko Lady Molissa. Hector Flush ton, too, and tho pair of thorn at ' tho Dia monds.' Woll, this is a go. This may come in useful, Mr. Flushton, some day.' As Hector Flushton and Lady Melissa drovo to tho thontro, tho formor said just boforo they reached the stopping place : -' You saw tho papors, Lady Melissa.' '? I did,' she replied. ' What I said was correct. I made no mistake.' ' You did not.' ' And I know tho lady porfectly wall ?' ' You do,' Bho replied. ' Thon, wo porfoctly understand each other ?' ho asked. 'Perfectly, Mr. Flushton,' shejsaid. ' And I mny call and see you aoon t' he said, eagerly. ' Whenever you chooso,' sho replied. ' A thousand thanks, dear Lady Nora,' he said, dated with tho succesa of his plan Lady Melissa reached homo safely and locked tho procious papers and miniature in a secret drawer in Her escretoiro. As sho turned tho miniature key she said in a triumphant tono : ' You may cnll whenever you liko, Hec tor Flushton ; I shall be quite ready to receive you.' (to be continded.) 