THE IDLER. MR. CARTWRIGHT AND MISS NETHERSOLE. A LITTLE AUTORIOGRAPHY. it has always been my ambition," said Mr. Charles Cartwright as he leant back re- miniscently in on easy chair chair in his com-<*> fortable drawing-room at the Botanic Hotel—"it has always been my ambition to appear in an all round play, with an all round company, each member of it having favorable opportunity for doing well. Given good parts, intelligent action, and proper stage management, success appears to me cer- tain, "The ldler" gives everyone an excellent chance, and in Mssrs. S ws, Phillipe, Cautley. Russell, Mima Watt Tanner, Kingsley, and Gwynne, are to be found thoroughly reliable material, and I flatter myself that I under- stand a good deal of the practical part of stage management 'The Idler" has had quite a romantic career. Written by Mr. Haddon Chambers for Mrs Langtry, it was rejected by her for some occult reason, although she bad given £200 to its author as a sort of retaining fee. He didn't feel that he bad received justice from the Jersey Lily, and the matter went to the arbitration of Mr. Bancroft, who awarded the writer another £300, so that Mr. Chambers received £500 and his play back again. Miss Nethersole and myself were the first to produce "The Idler," and the Sydney theatre going public were the first audiences to see it. Its success in Aus tralia was so great that Mr. Alexander gave the author £1,000 and a 10 per cent. bonus for the right of producing it, mod now Mr. Chambers has made a good bargain with an American manager, and is a world-famed playwright. It is a splendid thing to be a dramatic author. Pinero and I were fellow actors at the Alexandra Theatre in Liverpool. He took to making plays; I continued acting in them. To- day be is worth £60,000, and I am not" Mr. Cartwright, who has a good figure—he is 5ft. 10 in. high-an intelligent face and mobile features, has bad a long and busy career as an actor. Strange to say. his first manager now lives in Adelaide, for his histrionic career began in 1873 at tbe Exeter Theatre, then in the hands of Mr. Fred Keebe. Only six weeks were spent in tbia temple of Thespis. wbieh has since passed through a baptism of fire, and then Mr. Out wrigbt was in bamess at Cambridge; The company was not of tbe highest order of merit, the treasury wm as empty aa that of tbe Argentine Republic, and even the mort caper ttifious of the little coterie lost belief in ghost walking very early in the history of the management. The fint deoent theatre into wbieh Sir. Oartwright passed was at Greenook, and be got there ia the tommer of 1874. Here he met that prime Australian favorite, H. H, Vincent, who, having been brunt oat of the position of leading actor at the theatre Boya), Edinburgh, bad retained bis status at Greenook. In February, 1874. Mr Cartwright had joined the staff of the Prime of Wales Theatre. Liverpool, where once more it m bis good f ottnne to become associated with actors whose names are household words in Australia. John L Hall and Fred Marshall (arho was here with tbe London Comedy Company) were at the Prince of Wales Theatre | and here, too, Mr. Oartwright took part with Jennie Lee in the very first perlor icance of "Joe," and the oleaginous cha racter of "Chadband" bad its earliest stage leprmutotiv? in Mr. Cartwright. A round of ttick business and opera bouffe—far Mr. Oart wrigbt is a singer as well as an actor—brought round the tpritg of 1876 and the Alexandra Theatre, Liverpool, The next move was to the Prince's Theatre, Manchester, where with Charles Gal vert as ••star" Mr. Oartwright plajed thrcugb a long eeason of exquisitely* mounted Shakespearian revivals, doing the provinces dozing the engagement. In 1876 Jenny Lee opened the Aquarium Theatre, London, with "Joe." and Mr. Oartwright first trod the metropolitan boards in the unctuous role of Ohadband, Afterwards, (with Miss Adelaide NeOson, he played leading legitimate business in the provisoes, his last engagement being in "Meatme for Measure"—seen then for the fint time for about fifty yean—at the Princess Theatre, Manchester. Mr. Oarttnight at this theatre met Ms. Henry Irving for the first tune, and played Oirie to his Hamlet, going afterwards to the Lyceum, where he remained for two solid and initraetive yean. In 1679, with a company— whose bnsiness was comfortably guaranteed — Mr. Oartwright west away to India, and was absent in the congenial heat of that climate for two yeats. His (Sorts were appreciated, too, for with frequent alternations of opera, tragedy, and eomefy.be was in Bombay—which baa only abent 6.000 European inhabitants -for five remunerative months. He bad sung the tenor paitin "Trial by Jury" one night, and was ebattin? afterward* with some offiaers when me said, "You were in fine voice to sight, old chap. What do you play tomorrow nigbl!" No vain repetitions for that British soldier. "Hamlet," "Dorothy.'' "Union Jack," I* Tom*," "The Idler," and " Dr. Bill" would have been a six nights' razzle dazzle programme which would have Baited bun to a nicety. In 1881 Mr. Oartwright was back in Eng land again just in time to join Mr. Oresirick after his Australian tour. He alternated Othello and lago. played Edgar to King Bear, and Icilius to Virginias, and w?s generally very suKeufut Then he travelled north to support Mr. Edwin Booth, taking all the leading juvenile parts in thf legitimate drama with him, and anon he was off round the poviaccs with Charles Kelly (Ellen Terry's bnsbaed), finally bringing np at the j Olympic in 1883. Here he came oat as Prinoe I Zourcff in "Moths," among others in the caste being Kyrle Bellew. while Marie Litton took tbe idle which will be filled here by Miss Kethersole. At the Globe a very appropriately ! named drama—" Low Water"—ran one week, and cost tbe manager £1.500, and then Mr. Oartwright was ringing the principal baritone part in the opera of a Dick." At the Empire— 'now chining in tinsel and expen sive opholstery as a palaoe of varieties — Mr. Oartwright was fint baritone in Obilperio and the Palaoe o! Pearl, following up this engagement by one with Mr. and Mrs. Kendall at the St James Theatre, playing in "Mayfair" and through their repertoire. After ? glimpse of the Court Theatre Mr. Gartwright came out as Captain Trevor in "A Bon of Luck" at Drury Lane, and appeared with Charles Warner, who had recently returned from Australia, in a " A Noble Vagabond" at the Princess Theatre. Then oame a three yean* stay at the Adelohi, where leading business was done in euah dramas as tbe "Bella of Haielmere," "SUver Falls," * Union Jack." Hard work brought its revrard in a fever which kept Mr, Cut wrigbt for tome time absent from the boards, and it is to help eonvaleseenoe that he is in Australia to day. He appeared with Miss Hawthorn in •' Theodora " juat previous to his departure, and proved the possession of all his old dramatic (kill, but change of place and climate were recommended and be has obtained them. Mr.Cartwright left London in October of last year, alter a life fall of activity and replete with changeful experience. There is batdly a single description of dramatio per formance in whioh he has not taken part, and be is equally at home in opera, tragedy, comedy or melodrama. He opened the Garrick Theatre in Sydney last year. When he arrived • fortnight before he was baled to play the stage was not down, nor were there any seats fixed, while the auditorium was bare o! hangings. But the curtain rose on "Moths" at the appointed time, and for weeks the theatre held about £30 more a night than it ought to have done if the fire brigade authorities had been really cautious. To "Moths" followed "The Middleman," and then oame the first production of " The Idler," which appropriately was both written by an Australian and publicly witnessed first in Australia. The Sydney asason wai an undoubted sueoess, and on February 21 following the pantomime at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, the triumph was repeated. It is very hard to draw "society to this theatre, whioh is neither so new nor ao dean as it might be. but Mr. Oartwright and Miss Nethersole performed the feat. Toey will have tbeir reward when they get back by betnglocated attbe pretty Prinoeas Theatre. The pieoee staged in Melbourne were "The Mi^itiatn^n/' "The Fortune of War," and " Moths," each of whioh ran three weeks. In Adelaide Mr Cartwcight pkyi only a season of two weeks and three <*ayi, tbe opening bill being-Tbe Idler," and the company identical with that which played with him in Sydney and Melbourne. Like every oce else, Mr. Oartwright is muoh im pressed with tbe beauty of Adelaide, and be echoed Miss Nethersrte'* enthusiastic ••charm ing" wnen a*ked what be thought of the view of the city from the hills aa one descends fhto it after the journey from Mtlbouroe. He quaintly remarks, however, that there will be a more enduring charm about the city, both in bis eye and in his memory, if its residents show the same enthusiasm on seeing bim as he did on first beholding it. Mr. Oartwright is full of lively thought and serviceable intelligence, and so charming a conversationalist of the stage should be equally attractive behind the footlights. Mr. Oartwright baa watohed diligently the different methods of management in all the theatres in whioh be has played, and has made a special atudy of the work. "Olaquen and favorable preas critisisms unless fairly earned are no me," he affirms, "it is behind the enrtain that the work must be done." Believing this be labored most persistently to have evwything thoroughly is going order. He is his ovn stage manager, and a most entbusiastio end conscientious one at that, and he takes a great pride in his work. Miaa Olta Kethersola hat a pretty face, a graceful figure, and a charming manner. She evidently loves her profession, and is arxicus t« make a name. lor herseU by eon aiatet* hard work and tfce {zeroise of nativ* intelligence. Sot faaf none pf i£j MtfoJ m**4...., ... —«.;-!. -?..—i—• - r frtfnuqfr Bhe began stage work as aa amateur intG" English provinces when a girl of 16. That ia eight yean ago, and 8 and IB rnaket—well, say 2L Aa soon as ahe could she regularly entered tbe profession, aad four yean ago faced a London andieooe at the Adatpbl aa Both Medway in «• Union JMk."aod: there abe first met Mr. Cut Wright. She waa Nelly in the s'Paper Ooms" at the Strand and[ MbiataSt.- Aubya ia the drama of "The Dean's Daughter," fan Sfessra. Grand, and PnUlipt, produced at Bt, .Jarr.eC- Then she pawed back to the Adeipbi asi^ain "Silver Falls," her next oharaoter being Kla.'^ id ' Only a Dream" at the Cri terion. Tbe aCtfeor, Jiweljn Brandon, was w pleased with Miss Neftersole's sympathetic acting that he gave her* sold brooch with the name " Elaine" set in pearli, and she v naturally verr proud of this tartef al aourenir. It was Mia Netber*ole'? fortune to play in the fint piece produoedat the Garriok in London^ and ahe also opened the Garrick in Sydney. Under Mr. John Hare'« management ahe played) in "The Profligate" when the building was in its fint flush of newness, and then followed Mrs. Bernard Beere in "La Tosoa,"andtha manager, in recognition of her success, gave her a brooch with the M*i? of tbe play let ia diamonds as full of brilliant flashes as bar own acting. Miss Nethersole had a retaining fee from Mr. Hare until ber departure for Ana* ttalia. Mr. Willard wished her to go with him to America, Mr. Oartwright pressed her to sail to the sooth, and ahe chose the colonies. In Sidney and Melbourne ahe has baea a great sooeess, her parson, hex acting, and her dresses all oaminc; in tor admiration. The dresses, by Maun. KosseU, Allen, and Joyce, ware made especially for this tour. When they srare finished the* hung in the showrooms, ana the Oacbess of Portland entering, asked Mr. Joy oa whose they were, "They are tor Miss Nethersolo, the aotrt?t, who is going on tour to Australia," wm thereply. •'Oh, they are very beantifed*but they dont look like stage dresses," was hex grace's response. "And,"said Miss Nether eole, "I wm very glad to hear the testimony, fur I like my dress os to look as though they could be worn in real life," In tbe first act of ''The Idler" Miss Nether sole wean a visiting gosrn of white satin, worn under a modern Direotoire e man sflk, a delicate apple green shade. The white ailk nnderdreas ia embroidered in gold bullion and ailk on the vest and skirt; on the latter below tbe gold embroidery is a band of dark beaver; tbe coat has Ziuave front edged with handsome gold bullion fringe. Too Medici collar is attached to the Ziuavo, showing the straight collar round the throat, The tleevea ate of the gigot style, but not extravagantly high. With this is worn a pretty faat of white lanoy straw, the crinkled or fl jted brim tamed op all round; tbe trimming of white and goto, with a bunch of green in the foliage of the floral spray. Toe leoond is an evening toilette ol deep buttercup tint, a magmfioentgroi gain •ilk brocaded in* large floral design, the ttan flowers thrown into fine relief by an outer edge of black talk, a faint line woven in the material: the straight drapery of the front opens on tha left aide from the waist, showing uademoati) a panel of terry velvet of the came shade. Toe low bodioe of brocade tuu a berthe of terry velvet, whioh ia at eaah shoulder folded in wing shaped bows very effectively placed. The train is very long and displays the design of the brocade to perfec tion. l>iamond ornaments are lavishly used on tbe bodioe and are worn in the hair. Taj third dress is also for evening toilette, and is of white for tbe front, veiled with black net aad jet embroidery. The bodioe has a V shape train is of Me^ ermine voyale- The jet embroideries include several butterflies of various sizes nestling amongst the soft net fold*, and thrown into excellent relief by the white ailk underneath. The bodioe is richly ornamented with jet. and studded with dia mond brooches of various Over this is worn a long cloak of dark grey «flk shot with pink i**^* somewhat like the long Bossian cloaks, but with a Medici collar. This is lined with ermine, and gives a particu larly rich effect to the toilette. The last act dress is a walking dress in the highest mods. The rkirt, of a Qaaker shade between fawn aad grey, is of cashmere, very simply made, and worn with one of the latest fashion of Kewmarket ooats in velvet of the same shade, fully three quarters length, with a long tie of pink chiffon confined at the waist by theooe* buttoning over it; roll collar and teven of velvet; bat of felt the same shade as tha grown; and ooat trimmed with grey feathers. Each costaKe is in perfect taste, without the slightest approach to extravaganoe or eeoaa trioity. 