(©ruination ^termon. Preached in St. Paul's Cathedral cm Trinity Stinddy, May 24tht 1891, by Rev. Canon Goodvian, M.A. By manifestation of the truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.— 2 Cor. iv. 2. On this most solemn occasion, the preaoher is required by the rubric to declare the duty and office or such as come to be admitted to holy orders, how necessary are these orders in the Church of Christ, and also, how the people ought to esteem both .deacons now priests in their office. It is easy for a clergyman to exalt his own dignity, and expect high esteem from the people, whether he shows himself worthy or otherwise. He may choose to draw a distinction between the office, and the man, and assert that, whatever be the man, the people are bound to respect the office. But the subject may be regarded from a different point of view — when the people are urged to hold the ministry in respect, will they give an unconditional consent? Will they not be apt to think, -whether they express it or not, that the minister must prove himself worthy .of the respect and esteem demanded of him ? St. Paul enjoined on Timothy, ' Let no man despise thee,' but in so saying he implied that the fault would be that of Timothy if he made himself despised. If the ministry be truly and conscientiously fulfilled, the people will not be likely to slight the minister ; and if they do, they only will be responsible. The true follower of Jesus Christ cannot but esteem the sacred office, and be thankful to the Great Head of the Church for its institution. Even if it be his lot to suffer from the ungodliness and inefficiency of his spiritual guide, he will show his esteem for the office by his patience, by his prayers, by earnest watching for a favourable change. In- this colony it may be admitted that the laity are disposed to esteem the clergy in their office no less than in the old country, where the Church derives advantage and prestige from being estab '''^ auu, cuuuwcu, auuetJu butill interest, in Mlc uiuuc is Buuauucu by their being more directly responsible for maintaining Church ministrations, as well as in managing Church affairs, diocesan and parochial. Clergy and laity are in consequence more thrown )\ together, and kindly feeling is thereby engendered between the one and the other. It may ;be that the laity, in many instances, have jmuch to learn as to the real importance of the sacred office. The i clergyman is of ten made welcome for his social qualities rather than 'his fidelity to his Master or the holiness of his life. Each layman has his own ideas of what a minister should be. And this being so, there is but one way of raising the standard of judgment, and that is for ministers ' by manifestation of the truth to commend them selves to every man's conscience in the sight of God.' I. We have a clear and comprehensive view of the ministerial office in the brief expression— ' Manifestation of the truth.' Whether by the word and sacraments, whether by teaching and example, whether exercised publicly or from house to house, the ? minister's office is a 'manifestation of the truth.' And if ,iin a devout r spirit, we ask Pilate's question — 'What is truth?' we have the answer in our Lord's own words, not addressed to Pilate, but to his Heavenly Father, ' Thy word is truth ;' and let us remember that, as ministers of; our Reformed Church of England, we are to set forth the truth w.hich saints in every age have accepted, and for which martyrs have bled or gone to the stake, even that which is clearly set forth in her creeds and articles, We have to bear witness to the Atonement of the Lord Jesus, to the sanctifying power of the Holy la-nosc, as wen as to the love ot (xod. tne Father in providing tor tne salvation of a lost world. Trinity Sunday tells us in clear accents that through Christ we have access by one Spirit to the Father. These grand gospel truths must be proclaimed untainted by corrupt teaching on the one Hand, undiluted by false philosophy on the other. We take our stand on the Inspired Word as an infallible guide, as that which shows to men the way of life and salvation. The truth thus revealed is that which the the ordained servants Of the Lord Jesus are pledged to make manifest. 1\. If ministers are to manifest the truth, it is obvious that they must hold it firmly themselves. When a man calls upon his fellow sinners to accent the gospel as the power of God unto salvation, he cannot do so with any degree of consistency unless he has felb it to be a power in his own case. He must be able to tell hia hearers what' Gfod has done for his soul. Many are able to talk about the gospel; to discourse on the histories, or the doctrines, or the poetry of the Bible as subjects of sacred literature, they may do all this, but not realise the gra»d truths of revelation or grasp them as their own. This is why so much preaching is obscure, not because there is an absence of gospel truth', but because there is lacking' personal interest on the part of him who proclaims it. His trumpet gives at best an uncertain sound. 2\. Then, again, if the truth (the whole truth) is made manifest, there must be an avoidance of sameness. Many good men are anxious to preach the gospel, perhaps to bring in what they con sider the whole gospel into every sermon. Every text which they discuss, whether simple or complex, whether a plain statement of the plan of salvation or an obscure passage requiring careful critical treatment, will be made a vehicle for the primary truths of the Christian religion, man's ruin, Christ's redemption, the sanctifying work of.the Holy Gnost. There is often in such preaching a general view of Divine truth rather than the exact teaching of that par ticular text, and where this is the case we cannot be surprised that it becomes monotonous. One sermon is like another, and the hearer can readily anticipate what is going to be said. A close study of the Scripture prevents such a result. It is the nature of the in spired books that they present an endless variety. The manifold wisdom of God, like the blooms of the garden bed, presents all pos sible variations of form and colour. At sundry times and divers manners, God spake in times past by the prophets, and the teacher that follows Divine instruction and industriously brings to light the various aspects of revelation, cannot be dull. But to do this requires study. If the people are to esteem their ministers, they must irom Sunday to Sunday get real instruction, and not be allowed to regard as a weariness the preaching of the gospel. They have no right to expect in a new country like this a learned ministry in all cases, but they may reasonably hope that whatever be the ability of the preacher or his early opportunities of training, he shall devote a due share of his time to careful and prayerful study. To do so is necessary at all times, and especially in an age like the present critical, sceptical, restless, and to a great extent well-informed and enlightened. If the teachers of religion would hold their ground, they must keep abreast of the age ; and for this they must Be students. We cannot hope to feed others, unless a constant supply be kept up within. The instructive teacher must have a well-stored mind, It is the more necessary that you who are about to be ordained should consider this obligation, as the question will be asked : ' Will you be diligent in prayers, and in the reading of the holy Scriptures, and in such studies as.to help to the knowledge of the same.' To which you will give this reply : ' I will endeavour myself so to do, the Lord being my helper.' ? 3\. To be an efficient minister of Christ, it is not enough that you ; know Divine truth, or that your mind is well stored ; let me ienuud you that you have to manifest the truth. In other words, you have ; to take that which is clear to your own mind and make it clear to ? the minds of others. When you ascend the pulpit and proclaim the j message which you have to deliver, you are not merely announcing ; what you have learned, but speaking to men and women in order to ; show them the way of life and salvation. You have in your audience \ various degrees of intelligence and different grades of spiritual ? attainment. You will, therefore, speak to fathers in terms that can i be understood by children, and to children in language that shall ! not seem puerile to fathers. If you speak simply, and to the heart, j. and while doing so are pointed and clear, you will probably have i accomplished that which I urge you to do. Specially would I insist --.--—- on speaking to the heart, for in all communications of the minister with his people, sympathy is the chief requisite. 0 ne of Dr . Arnold 's pupils at Rugby thus, in after life, recorded his boyish impressions on hearing a discourse from the lips of that eminent man in the school chapel:— 'It was not the clear cold voice of one giving advice and warning from serene heights to those who were sinning and struggling below, but the warm living voice of one who was fighting for us and by our sides, and calling on us to help him, and ourselves, and one another.' 4\. I must remind you also 'that our preaching is not only to be fresh from the heart and easy to be understood , but to be personal and practical. Religion is not a mere philosophy or a science, a series of problems to be reasoned on and investigated. It must be lived. It involves a real transaction between the soul of man and a personal God. What must I do to be saved '. This is a personal: inquiry that relates to myself and not to my neighbour. What must I do is a practical inquiry as to how my religion is to affect the daily working of my life. The office of the preaoher concerns the great business of life, and therefore must be undertaken not as propounding theories, but as leading men to God. If you do not preach the simple gospel of Jesus Christ, if you do not preach it fully and clearly, if Christ crucified has not his rightful place in your sermons, if sin is not exposed to view in its true features, and the people told' plainly what they ought to be and how they ought to live, you will have failed to exhibit a manifestation of the truth. II. And now you must notice that my text urges the minister to ?? commend himsell to every man's conscience. The object for which the Son of Man came into the world was to seek and to save that which was lost. The object that the Apostles ever kept in view, and ministers have ever to bear in mind, is to fulfil this purpose. Ii i& not, therefore, sufficient to instruct the undeastanding, or even to rouse the feelings, but to awaken the conscience, and to work a change in the will. Conscience is the silent monitor that warns a man when he commits wrong— the moral sense that feels the smart of sin — and it follows that it is the element in our nature in which conviction has to do its work. Remember how the conscience of a, Roman governor responded to the appeal of the great _ Apostle. When Paul reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to come, Felix trembled. He felt the smart, the memory of past days came back, the wickedness of a misspent life was spread open before him. If the eloquence of the Apostle did no more, it wrought through the agency of conscience, conviction of sin. That Roman officer relt that in the person of a prisouer charged with punishable crime an advocate of no ordinary power was pleading before him for. God, bringing a message that touched the inmost sensibilities of his nature. It was a Divine influence that accompanied the appeal, and thus the outworks, though not the citadel itself, capitulated to ,tbe , attack. The minister of Christ ought always to aim at reaching the con science of the sinner as well as touching the heart. Why are num bers of our people living and dying with no better religion than a mere intellectual acceptance of certain revealed truths, with a lan guid aspiration after a heavenly rest 1 Should they not be roused, perhaps alarmed, awakened, convinced, brought to feel their need of Jesus, taught to know His love for them ? The declaration of God's truth must commend the preacher to every man's conscince. We know, too, that the manifestation of the truth must go further. You have not only to diagnose the disease but to apply the remedy ; not only to bring the siurier to conviction but lead him to the Saviour. The Christain ministry is essentially the ministration of. the Holy Ghost. You declare, at the outset, that you are ' inwardly moved by the Holy Ghost to take upon you this sacred office.' You derive your knowledge of the Word from the teaching of the Spirit, and by the same power you proolaim the message. The Sword of the Spirit is the Word of God. III. Whilst I lay stress on the ministerial office being that of the preacher, I must remind you at the same time that it is no less that of the pastor. At EpheBus the great Apostle delivered his message publicly and from house to house. The ministry of the pulpit must be supplemented by that of the parish. Deacons promise at their ordination that they will search for the sick, poor and impotent people ; in other words, that they will labour in pastoral visitation. Priests undertake to use both public and private monitions and exhortations as well to the sick as to the whole within their cures. We are not to wait for the people to come to church or send for the minister, but go out to the house, into our streets, and compel them to come in. Fishers not only cast their nets into the sea but draw them in to discover what fishes they have caught. In the country districts of the diocese, efficiency in this branch of ministerial labour does more to win the esteem of the people than their preaching power. The complaint that a reader or clergyman does not visit the people in their bush homesteads, is equivalent to an accusation that he is unfit for his post. To preach only to those who come to church of their own accord will never commend a minister to the consciences of those who habitually absent themselves. In the home visit there can be interchange of thought between pastor and parishioner, mutual sympathy, a true realisation of that ministry which is insti tuted for the building up of souls. ' Let us remember that in this department of the minister's work the power of the divine life is specially requisits. By word and by example men are influenced for good. The true pastor ought to be the man of God. Like Enoch, he must be one who by walking with God can rebuke the ungodly deeds of his generations; like Elijah, he must dare to say and do what is right, and at the right time ; like St. Paul, his heart's desire and prayer for those around is that they ? may be saved. In all things he has to be a living example of the religion which he professes to teach. Before I conclude I may point out as a circumstance of special interest that the ordination about -to take place is the first that has been held in this noble Cathedral. If the Church has in her formu aries arranged that one service should be more solemn, more mpressive, more edifying, than any other, she has done so in regard to the ordering of priests and deacons. For nearly thirty eight years I have taken a prominent part in the ordinations of this diocese, and now I owe it to the' kind' consideration of our much-respected and beloved Bishop that the privilege has been accorded me of preaching on this occasion. There is no ceremonial of our Church for which the architectural grandeur and ornate . ritual of a cathedral are so appropriate as an ordination. Next to the consecration of this building, when bishops of Australia and the clergy in great numbers assembled for solemn worship, this occasion ranks highest in its imposing character. I. have sought to use this opportunity by bringing before this con gregation the necessity of the ministerial office, and how the people ought to esteem their ministers. I have shown of what dignity and of how great importance is this office. And if I ask what constitutes this dignity ? I answer that the clergy are not a separate caste, with a line of separation between them and the people, that the true minister is one with his people in sympathy and affection, in his willingness to be last of all and servant of all. . ? , The measure of dignity is responsibility, and, in our own case, responsibility arises from the fact that duties have to be performed under an All-seeing eye; yea, in commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. Only let this be our guiding principle, then will there be no hidden things of dishonesty, no walking in craftiness, no handling of the Word of God deceitfully. False motives will be set aside, there will be no seeking for human applause, or for any other thing that can add to self-importance. The Lord's eye is upon us to detect all that is unworthy, but it is also upon us to guide even as His hand is ready to help. Do we sufficiently realise the importance of this office instituted by the Lord Jesus for the salvation of sinners and the building up of his saints? It is a wise appointment that the holy season of Whit suntide, culminatiug in Trinity Sunday, should be set apart for send ing forth pastors and teachers, for the perfecting of the saints for the work of the ministry for the edifying of the body of Christ. Do we believe that Christ is with us even unto the end of the world? Do we feel that the Church is the habitation of God through the spirit ? And when we consider the treasure which, as minister we are called to dispense, even the unsearchable riches of Christ, are we moved to pray earnestly for the inestimable gift of that power by which alone the ministry can be made effectual ? Oh ! how much has to be done, how are Christ's sheep scattered upon the moun tains, how are they dispersed abroad, and we have to seek them that they may be saved through Christ for ever. Yes, dear brethren, if we ask you to esteem your ministers very highly in their office, it is not that you may exalt them in worldly rank, or use the language of flattery in regard to them, magnifying their learning or eloquence or social qualities, but that you may by your help and sympathy, and above all, by your prayers, strengthen their hands in the Lord. 