The Coombsberrow Mystery. Et James Colwaxl. CONTENTS. jTTO. Ik the Woods. XVIII. Ishmael. SIX. The 'Wbiting nc the Cayeen. £5. Me. Collieeat Bat. XXI. The Ruined Babn. XXII. conclusion CHAPTER XV1L— (Continued.) . IN THE WOODS. 'Well, William, and what's 'become of Mm since P' asked the nurse. ' Got clean o£E amongst the trees,' answered Thompson ; '? but w&etlier; he's been took since, I don't know.' ' I hope they won't be long about catch ing him,' remarked Mrs. Cooper ; ' for we don't want a mad fellow like that loose about the place.' ' Oh, no fear about that,' answered the butler confidently. ' Stone — Constable Stone of Moorckurch, you know, Mrs. Cooper, he said to me, ' Mr. Thompson,' he said, « we can't help catching young Gwynn within a day or two.' Those were his very words.' ' And what' 11 come to him in the end, I wonder,*' said Mrs. Cooper meditatively. ' 1 reckon he'll swing, ma'am,' answered Thompson, in an assured tone. ' Dear, dear !' said the old woman. ' Well, he must have been a bad 'un. Put a bit of coal on the fire, William.' ' It'll serve him right, anyhow,' replied Thompson, taking up a lump of coal in the tongs. ' No, no, William.' exclaimed Mrs. Cooper, ' that'll never do. Take the lump underneath it — do, not that — the one this side, I mean — there, that's it.' ' When the inquest ? ' began Thomp son, but Nurse Cooper cut him short. Like the vast majority of mankind, she thought that no one bui herself could make up a fire. ' No, no, not there,' she said sharply. ' How often have I told you that's the way to spdil a fire ! No, you'll never make anything of it that way, either — well, I must do it myself ?' and there upon- the old woman got up from her seat and patted down the coal into the corner for which she had destined it. ' You were speaking about the inquest,' she said quietly, as she sat down again. 'When is it?' ' Well, the crowner's at Castle Westnor now.,' a,nswered Thompson 5 ' but Stone — Stone of Moorchurch — told me as how the inquest on the old gent as was used to live there would be wound up to- day, most likely.' ?' Will the crowner come on here direct?' asked Mrs. Cooper. ' I reckon he will on Monday,' answered the butler, ' but not to- morrow, being as if s Sunday.' ' It'll be a queer sort of Sunday, I'm thinking,' observed the old woman. ' I wonder what parson will say about it.' ' They say as they won't be able to get on with the inquest till Master Godfrey and the tramp chap can give evidence.' ' 'And there's no saying when that'll be,' answered Nurse Cooper, in an injured tone, ' seeing as how he has none but a stranger to nurse him, I've known Master Godfrey -since he -was a. baby, and a finer, healthier baby you never saw. He was always a healthy child, with a fine appe tite ; but, 'whenever he was of£ his leed, or 'wanted a dose, or had any ache or pain about him, he used to come to me. And now, when he is ill and bad, and wants someone to see to him as knows his ways and what he fancies for his food, they must be sending for a Btranger as don't care what comes to him, and 'ull be think ing of her own eating and drinking afore Master Godfrey's, when I'm here ail the time, as has known him these 24 years, from the time he was a baby.' ' Yes, ma'am, to be sure. That was a queer thing, now, about the knife, wasn't it ?' said the butler, making a wellmean ing attempt to divert -Mrs. Cooper's thoughts from dwelling on her grievances. He succeeded. i\ ' What knife, William ?' she inquired. 'That knife of Mother Gwynn's,' answered Thompson; then, perceiving that Mrs. Cooper did not seem to be at all the wiser, he added, ' Didn't you hear tell of it?' ' No.' 'Well, it appears when she tumbled down through Hell-mouth, after she'd tried to stick Mr. Godfrey, she kept hold on the knife, and Constable Stone told me himself as he'd found it clutched in her hand. Well, ma'am, that was the very knife as she'd killed the Squire with.' ' Dear, dear !' said Mrs. Cooper. ' But how do they know that for certain ?' ' Well, it's like this,' answered the butler 5 ' the knife's a knife among a thousand, with a bit of a curve like at the point; if you'd seen it once you'd have known it again anywhere. Well, this knife fitted like a glove into the master's wound — there wasn't, but. one, you know, ma'am, in the side.' ' I never understood rightly how it was as she came to tumble down the hole at all/' said Nurse Cooper. ' Well,' replied the butler (he prefaced almost all his remarks with ' Well '), 'the rights of it was something like this : — Mr. Godfrey, he comes somehow to guess as 'it was Mother Gwynn' 'who'd made away with the master, so he goes into the ca^e,.and there he finds the old witch a sitting all alone. _ ' Mother Gwynn,' says he, * I. reckon you' knows what's come to the 'Squire, and I'm a going to go over this 'ere cave ' . i Please youself,' says she, and takes: the knife -whereby she killed the Squire, ^nbt/Iettmg Mr. Godfrey see it. WjeII, he^omes^ancl stands a-top of Hell mouth, '8tod tHefon she lets' drive at him, going fo'rtij' k||l Him and tumble him down to. jthe bottom* jbut he catches sight o1 her games, aid' pltJeheslxer down instead — and a^oodr||^ance.''i , sA sudden sound outside caused the butler and Mrs^Ctfoper to ' glance simultaneously at the window ; they could see nothing, and Mrs. Gooper murmured, ' The wind.' The butler shivered, and turned toward the old woman — ' Aren't you feeling cold, ma'am, with, the window open so late ?' ' It's you that axe nesh, William, I'm thinking,' said Mrs. Cooper severely. ' How often have I told you when you want a thing to say it open, and not pre tend as it's others as wants it and not you.' She thought it as much her duty to correct the errors of William Thompson now, when he was- a middle-aged butler, as when he was an errand-boy. ' But I don't mind shutting it, William,' she added, after a pause, during which she left the butler to digest heir rebuke. And the active old lady jumped up and closed the window. CHAPTER XVIIL ISH1IAEL. Francis Gwynn, sheltered by the lilac bush, saw Mrs. Cooper close the window. He still stood, listening for more, but he could hear nothing, and after a minute or two he vaulted over the railings into the lane. The whole bearing of the young man was changed and very different from what it had been a quarter of- a hour before, when first he concealed himself behind the bush. Then he had been utterly disheartened and wretched, worn out by exhaustion and hunger, and resolved to obtain food somehow, at all hazards and at any price. Now he was colder and wetter than ever, but he was filled with energy inspired by a new and fixed resolve. This brief conversation, to which he had listened unseen, had awakened in him a sudden and unflinching purpose, which dominated his hunger and weariness. Yesterday he had fancied that his mother's death had been, at least to some extent, revenged ; now he knew that he had been mistaken. The murderer was no stranger to him ; he knew him well, and hated him already. Godfrey Brydges had slain his mother, and now he in turn must be slain. Francis Gwynn and his mother had lived apart from human fellowship, and he had come to think that mankind was leagued against them and that they were leagued against mankind. One of the two had gone down in the struggle ; it was the duty of the survivor to revenge the other's death. Part of what he had heard he believed ; part he did not believe — he be lieved that Godfrey had killed Mother Gwynn, but he did not believe that her murder had been brought aboat by herself. Francis knew that, if he had been in Godfrey's place and had found out that Mr. Brydges had been murdered by Mother Gwynn, he would have lest no time in murdering the murderess. His view of the matter was, therefore, that Godfrey had gone into the cave with the deliberate in tention of killing Mother Gwynn. Francis had hated Godfrey before ; he hated him with a far more bitter and intense hatred now. Godfrey Brydges was the accepted lover of Melaina Collier ; Godfrey Brydges had, only three evenings before, felled him to the ground and disarmed him ; lastly, Godfrey Brydges had slain Mother Gwynn. There was a long score to be paid of£, and Francis swore beneath his breath that he would pay it. This was the resolve which had on a sudden roused him to new life. He was 310 longer hopeless and reckless, caring little what became of him ; he was filled with a passionate determination, which gave him something to live for, called forth all Ms abilities and restored his old wary shyness. The police fancied that they could catch him in a day or two at most. The thought filled him with angry defiance — lie, -wlio knew every by-path in the country round, was not to be caught so easily ; but he must needs be cautious, and he saw that his original project of attempt ing to carry off some eatables from the Park farm -was too hazardous to be per sisted in. The spirit of revenge prompted him to avoid running any risk of being captured. He thought of another and a safer plan, and he proceeded at once to put it into execution. Once more he began to ascend the hills witn noiseless and seemingly untired foot steps, until he had at last reached the topmost ridge of Coney Common. The road from Coombsberrow to Putbury tra verses the lower slope of the common 5 and Francis was now standing at a distance of about 200 yards from the spot where, 50 years ago, Godfrey's grandfather had met his death. Francis stood upon the summit for a few minutes and looked round. The thunder-shower had passed over, and a few stars were beginning to struggle through a -widening rift in the clouds overhead ; but far away to the eastward in the Severn valley the sky was covered with a heavy black cloud, from which now and then came red flashes of lightning. Francis felt almost light at heart ; his depression was gone, and he began once more to entertain the hope that, notwith standing the unfavorable omen which he had drawn from ths storm of the after noon, he should win the treasure after all. To-night he felt so strong, both in mind and body, that he fancied himself capable of achieving anything. But he Tesolved, and he strengthened his resolution by an oath, that, until he had avenged his mother's death, he would give no further thought either to the treasure or to Melaina Collier. He hated Godfrey, and, even if he had not hated him, a vague fear of his mother's ghost would of itself have been enough to make him eager to kill the murderer. Frem a hollow beneath the ridge on which Francis was standing came a faint glimmer of light ; towards this light he made his way, and a few minutes' walking over wet and boggy ground brought him to a miserable hut. It had been built by a squatter at the beginning of the cen turr, but now its only inmate was an old woman, upwards of 70 years of age. For several years she had lived there alone, and, though she had no money, she obstinately refused to enter the workhouse. Most assuredly, Jane Powell would have starved long ago, had it not been for the kind-hearted Farmer Hodges, who, though living at a distance of at least half a mile, was yet her . nearest neighbor. Every Saturday Hodges sent two large loaves of bread to the old woman, and every Saturday he swore that before another week was out she should, without fail, be lodged in the Moorchurch, Workhouse, whether she liked it or not. Francis peered through the hole in the ?wall which served as a window. There was not a vestige of glass to be seen ; a torn old rag, pinned half-way across the aperture, fluttered in, but did not exclude the air. Francis saw that Mrs. Powell was alone 5 she was sitting in the one room which the hovel possessed, munching a stale crust, whilst her eyes gloated over the two loaves of new bread which were on the rickety table before her. One glance was enough, for Francis ; he turned from the window, pushed open the door with his foot, and entered. ' I want those loaves,' he said. The old woman looked at him stupidly, without comprehending his meaning j but when he laid hold of the loaves she shrieked — ' You bean't a-going to rob a poor old haged widder, as 'as never done you no 'arm ? I 'aven't nowt to eat this next .week but this 'ere. I shall starve.' While she spoke, Francis was busily cutting up the loaves into good-sized pieces ?with a knife, which lay on the table. These pieces of bread he stuffed into his pockets or ralaced beneath his coat. Mean while, the ^miserable old woman continued hei^monotonous, piping wail — ?** You wouldn't 'ave the poor old widder starvjS, and her death laid at your door, as 'as never done you no 'arm ? There bean't nowt for me to eat : I shall starve, I shall, afore next week's out, and no one won't come nearst me afore then. I shall starve.' Francis turned to go; he had stowed away all the pieces of bread in his pockets or under his coat. A large morsel of crust broke from one of these pieces and fell to the ground. The old -woman clutched at it, but Francis was too quick for her ; he stooped down, picked it up and put it into his mouth. Jane Powell began to cry feebly and tried to stop him as he was making for the door. ?' Give me one loaf,' she whimpered — ' only one — I don't ask for no more — just to keep me from starving. Only a bit of one, then — only a bit. You can't grudge the poor widder a crust. I shall starve if you don't — I shall starve— I shall starve ? ' /? ' Let me go V cried Francis savagely : the old woman was clinging to his knees. ' You won't kill the haged old widder?' she moaned — *? I don't hask for no more nor a crust. I shall starve — I shall starve — I shall — ' She did not finish the sentence : Francis clenched his left hand, and with it he struck the old woman on the forehead. He saw her fall backward to the ground ; then, 'without bestowing another look on her, he strode out of the hut. He felt no remorse for what he had done, no compas sion for the old woman ; it 'was Francis' Tule that the weakest must go to the wall. He walked away briskly, eating the crust as he went, and made his way towards a eart-rut, which branched from, the road below him into the woods. He crossed the common and entered the woods, scrambling over a rotten old gate, erected for the purpose of preventing the sheep and donkeys, which picked up a pre carious livelihood on the common, from straying down into the woods. Now it was crazy, difficult to open, but easy to climb. In the narrow cart-track, with overhanging trees ou either side, Francis found himself in total darkness. The recent rain had made miniature canals of the two deep ruts, while the space between them -was a veritable slough. ti?O BE CONTINUED.) 