CHAPTER XVI. AT AliDEHBOUGHS. \- "My poor little darling," her ancle J' My poor little darling." She.wreiiched herself out of his arms. " Dotty 1" he spoke, with a sort of stern surprise. "I won't have this," he presently exclaimed. " Dotty, what has Lord Dannie ton been saying to yon ?" _ *'Nothing," she made quiet reply; " noth ing at least that's harm," she added, half sullenly. " But I heard what yon said, Dotty." There was a grief and pain in his voice. "I never thought of this, bo help ma Heaven l" he continued, almost passion ately. . Dotty stood silent, never moving so mnoh as her head or hand. " We most see about It," he said again, now in very stern tones. " FU have no tri fling by—" "Oh, ancle, there's nothing," gasped the girl, " there's nothing at alL If there was— H—-it's all my fault. He did nothing, only praised me as if—as if—" she gave one great gulp, "I was his daughter. He's—he's twenty years older than L" *' Tes, I know that; and that's why 1 didn't take more precaution. By heaven, men are snoh fools!" " Oh, ancle don't talk so 1" " Talk 1 I feel like shooting him. Herefor nearly two months I've been trusting him because—because his father was good to me, I suppose. So he was an honorable man as men go; bnt this Lord Dnnniston, corse him!" Dotty's arms were about his neek, for he trembled with passion. Naturally a very quiet man, prose to restraining bis emotions, when he did give loose to feeling, it was with ipetuoaity of a stream long kept within 54 And he felt that there was no mis taking $t@r little Dotty's he&rt;%y, and „ .blamed hinheif for allowing such unrestrained £ v intercourse,* " "Dnt 1 thciaght," be said to himself again andagain. " I thought Walter DuuniBton'ts : son was an honorable man." \ ""^ell, Dotty, yon prayed that he might go, and go he shall," be said, after a brief . sUenbe, which was a foolish thing to eay. T$e better plan is generally to say as little 11! possible and do as much. " Uncle, 1—I don't think you understood \ me," she said, beginning with great eager ness; but ha took her two hands and forced . \ her to look at him. \ Thenihe turned scarlet; then her head fell, bnd BhsDUiat into tears. " Poor little one," murmured her ancle, lodkinglas if he would like to cry himself. II The old story of the wolf and the lamb. Gome, comb," he added, "if yon go on this way I shall torn him out at once, neok and . heels. Don't be so silly as to cry." \ " I'm not s-ailly—I'm n-nervous;" was herveply in the midst of her sobs. " Well, well—we'll have good times in spite of it," he said. " When we are alone again, as please God we will he. I'll get ready for a . journey, and take you abroad. . I'm tired of \ work; and then well forget all our troubles, won't we?" " She nodded her head in assent against his bosom. . v \ "Ton see such men think nothing of com I pliments—don't even know when they give F them, often. And you ate so young—such a young, foolish little chick—never having seen men, (audi wish they were all with Ms in v Jernal majesty)," he added, in an undertone. « Coaseji come, cheer op—don't make old uncle feel miserable, for yon know he has chick nor child, nobody but you—nobody but his little Dotty." " Oh; uncle," oried Dotty, in & subdued voice, *' and yon are the best ancle in the world—and I love yon dearly. There now, I'm just yoar little girl again, and we'll have such—such good times," she added, dolor onsly. "Wellalways keep house together, won't we, and 111 he wife, and daughter, and everything. Oh, yes, we'll be very—very— happy." The word seemed- almost to choke her, bnt she repeated it bravely, and the old solicitor Strained her to his heart, inwardly hoping > that her wonnd was not very deep, mid that the smart of it would not last long enongh to make her miserable. That very night he opened tha subject to Dunrueton. "You didn't think," began the latter, in some confusion, " that I—" " It isn't you, Dunniston—it's—it's the child I'm thinking of. She's never seen com pany—she's an innocent, sensitive little thing, just for all the world like her mother, >'V.- . . i- :™. i.', cu Jlrxibti s.i>X tue ^ tiyn-ju a £OUQ _goad r.ad perfect bodily health, yet there was on him a constant weight of appre- hension. He dreaded that he might awaken, an.l i.bws, lor tenuis reasons, the night was a terror to bins. He was Very quiet and sub dued. Few people thought him other than a well-to-do commercial man, or a city man, travelling at Ma leisure. He had lost the am bition to look bis position. ■ Before he was a lord p sopie generally took him for one. Alter he e&me; into his title no one called Mm -* my lord," butonly "sir," At last he reached the park gates of Alder boughs. The traditional porter's lodge, bailt of gray stone, and covered with ivy, was in the usual corner.' Old Grant, a gray-headed man, came out without his oap. The magni ficsnt head of this man formed a strong con tract to the meagreness and-shabbiness of his clothes. "lord bless my soul, Master Dick, if it be'nt ha 1 Well, well, brown as a berry, and enough like his ancle to be his son. Wel come home, Master Dick. Ton gave us all a bad scare, sure enough, coming over from that foreign country; wc did expect to be pat out o' the family, which would be a sore sLii.it to be in to we old ans. Well, I declare —f'n more powerful glad to see ye than I can ML" " I'm glad to see yon, Grant; but wbere'a Eoza ?" The old man shook his great shook of silver white curls, and his blue eyes grew dim. "Gone, Master Dick—gone np to the place she was ripening for ever sense I first knew her. She didn't live long after the old lord went, and she's buried next to the family vault. You remembers Eliza, my lord?" " Don't 1 ? The handsomest woman I ever saw." "Wasn't she now, eh?" asked the old man, smiling, while the tears slid over his red cheeks. " Ah, yon sly rogue, you've an eye for beauty yet. Well, well, welcome home, Master Dick. Yon'll find things at sixes and sevens at the old place, f make no doubt." " Are any of the old servants there?" " Only two or three. You Bee theplaoehas been dull like, but it'll brighten up now it's got a master. But yoa didn't bring a wife along, eh? Time enough for that I s'poze you'd say. You was always a sly one with tne girls, ay, that you was." Duuniston held his head down, a sudden pang ehooting straight to his heart. A more thoroughly wretched man never went to take possession of his own than the present Lord Duuniston, as he rode slowly along the park, every inch of which was Ms own pro perty. It waB well wooded and watered; the prin cipal trees being ash and elm gave an air of fertility and grace to the landscape. Every thing seemed, however, to wear an aspect of neglect, as the old lodge-keeper baa said. Seme of the trees were very much wasted and withered; the grass was high, and in many places trampled npon. As he oame in eight of the bouse it seemed more and more sur rounded by the signs of desolation. It was a splendid pile of architecture, and as it reoeived on its southern front the direct rays of the sun. now travelling toward its zenith, Dun niston thought he had seldom seen a more glorious building. Biding elowly up to the south front by a gently carving road, till he reached the top most terrace, he loosed his reins in front of the massive portaia. AU wae as silent as the grave. The doors presented the appearance ■, of having been shut ever since the last lord was carried from its threshold. He sat there on his horse looking about him on one of the finest landscapes in all England. Broad and blue, taking its color from the sky, the Tnames rolled by in the distance, while hill and vale, tree and shrnb, with all the delicate colors lent by sunshine, and shadow, and dis tance, spread oat before him on the tight and left, his own demesne inolnding a large part of the view. He felt the pride of proprietor ship, but no geniality, no warmth. There was nobody to welcome him, only solitary rooms to come to, and ghostly".beds and drapery. ■ Presently he heard footsteps. A "man in shabby livery came round from one side of the building and stopped short at sight of the horse and rifler. " It ain't ever Lord Dnnmston, the new one 1" said the man, half to bimself. " Ycb, it is," spoke up Dauniston, promptly, " I was not able to send word of my coming, and so here I am. I should like to be let in and have my horse seen to." "Immediately, my lord;" and the man went off, muttering, feeling that bis reign of free-and-easy proprietorship was over. " I'll get up the other servants, my lord. To think ef his coming here without even a valet," he muttered, as he turned the corner again. Presently there were heard signs of life that old crone lie 8t»\\*'~. inn. " ■ He had hoped that as iimG went on theira membranes of his sin might grow fainter, bat instead of that it seemed at times to be crashing him. Even when he thought that for a while all was forgotten, tbo presence ol|/ an indefinable something jarred dully against / his conscionsness, and he felt that it could ' never be shaken off. If Laura had lived, per- 'V liepB—bat no; even with her the shadow . would have been ever beside him. Slowly he /■ settled down to the conviction that he shonld never know happiness again, and oursed his fate, and almost cursed God. Sometimes he wondered at his own apathy, his easy giving np to circamstanoes, and longed for an insane impulse to rash ofi Bomewhere and travel, to forget in dissipation Jjis self-made trouble, but the inclination was gone forever: at least hs iaticlBdiso.—Tfac^piSndor of Alderboughs became at times intolerable to him, and he wandered with a siok heart from room to room, all effort palsied, always carrying with turn the fearfnl ghost of the past. Nobody came there, for he had made friends of no body; the Bervonts talked mysteriously of singular noises in the house, and how they heard the old lord tramping np and down. Lights were seen in strange ouf-of-the-way places, and LordDunniston would go on long, solitary tramps, and come home at unheard of hours. The only thing he seemed to take any interest in was the steward's visits and accounts, and yet Stains, the steward, was a cold, dark-looking man, who had a deformity in his month which was scarcely hidden by his moustache, and articulated with diffi culty. Ones Dnnnlston had written to his Mend, the solioitor, and begged him to come sad bring Dotty, playfully adding that bis hair was growing gray; but the careful solioitor, in return, declined the honor. People began to talk about the solitary lord, who invited no one, and want nowhere. His old acquaintances had formed new associa tion?, and new men feared snubbing. Once Mrs. Leslie, with whom he was com fortably familiar, asked him why he did not give dinners, and have people out for shooting and fishing, and he answered in a surly man ner. tout five hundred a year scarcely kept the estate in repairs, and himself in decent clothes. "Ah, but that's easily remedied," phi said. " Pray how, Mrs. Leslie." "A little society would bring you a rich wife. There's many a lady who would be glad to exchange her thousands for a title. Sat if ye don't go out, and nobody comes in, how will you get her?" " A conundrum 1 can't answer," said he, trying to be facetious, and sat down to *hinlr_ Then his face brightened. " By the Lord Harry, I will," he said. "Ill be a fool no longer. Isoline Huntlyl By Jove, how her splendid presenoe would lighten up this old house 1 And she's toe richest woman in New York. I'll write to her this moment." So he wrote, and sent the letter by that day's post. " If I get a favorable answer, 111 try toe Atlantic again. 'In for a penny in for a pound.' It's not twice in his lifetime B man gets wrecked." That day he was in high spirits. He had sworn he would forget. He bonght Mrs. Les lie a new silk gown, and began some repairs be had contemplated. Nothing wonld suit him but the pulling down with his own bands, for he fancied he had a gift for me chanics; so while he was in the midst of yellow dust, and no end of splinters, hie """ came to say that a visitor had celled. " Who is it!" he asked, impatiently. " 'Ere's his card, sir." He took It and read: " Rev. E. G. Dottoh, " Vicar, All HaUowt." "Who the dence is he?" be muttered, and went hot and cold. It was in the churdh of All Hallows he had married Eden Wane. Ah, that little village of Streatferd, how often he had cursed it in his heart. Poor Eden, she found toe way to his love, but did cot know how to keep it. If ehe had tyrannized over, him, ever so little had been a person of moods, so that one could not have depended upon her temper—if ehe had made him coax her, or eeold her, if she had been wilful or exacting, he would still have found in her something to win him, but she loved him too mucb, and ellowed him to see it. InBtead of his wife, ehe was his slave. His will was her law; he was bible and God, and to him she yielded such implicit obedi ence that he ended by despising ber. She bad not the arts and witcheries of the women of toe world, you eee. She was always a child, in a certain sense. She had no manner, few accomplishments, and betrayed ber origin. In one word ehe was too angelic for him. ill this time we have left the motcc stand 