IMoveltet. A LIFE AT STAKE. CHAPTER XXXII.—(CONTIKDED). Sy MKS. HARRIET LEWIS. c r •' 77."" House af Scerets" t; I-'irjrati rrc." " The Heiress of EgremontJ 1 »• The False Heir," &>e., &>e. To say that Lord Treseillian was startled at tbe amount, would be to speak bat truly, bet be conccaled his surprise from the lawyer, and said, calmly: " ITVOS not aware that the sum was BO large, Mr. Jasper, and shall require B little more time for its payment." " How much time, my lord I" " Suppose I pay you s certain portion of tbe amount, with interest, ever; year for the three year."—the third year the entire remainder of tbe debt to be paid? 1 can do that easily, but to do otherwise would be to subject me to considerable inconvenience." Toe lawyer hesitated. He knew that lia could press for the immediate settlement il tbe debt, and he was strongly inclined to do so since the viscount was not likely to throw any more profits in his way. " 1 should like a little time for reflection, my lord,' he said. " In fact. I wish to consult with a friend whom 1 left at the village inn. II you wiii permit me to c&il; again this afternoon, I will give you my decision." Lord Tressillian acquiesced in his ar- rangement. He arose with his gueet, offered him his hospitalities,' which were declined And remained standing until the lawyer had withdrawn. When the door had closed behind him, be resumes his seat and drew from the desk the papers he had thrown aside at Mr. Jasper's entrance. These be submitted, with a smile, to his b&ilifl.; "Bead them,", he said. "Even if Mr. Jasper pressesfor immediate payment, I have no cause tar despondency. Tan nee that my father's speculations in those Welsh minis are likely to turn out well, alter Ell. The agent says that he will telegraph immediately if tbe new vein for whioh they are looking be discovered. 7 ' While Lord Treseillian and his steward were thus engaged. Mr. jasper took bis way along the road toward tbe village, swinging lis walkinc-stick as he went, and thinking i' ntently. His gaze dwelt appreciatively upon ibe kindred estates of Tressillian and Dare, and, as he came within view of Edenoourt. he permitted his thoughts to wander to its owner and its immense value. " An Eden, indeed," he mused, pausing after be passed tbe mansion, and leaning meditatively npon tbe park railing, while his keen eyes sought ont the spotted deer that browsed contentedly in tbe mingled sunshine and shade. " I should like to have business relations with Sir Allyn Dare. He nBed to borrow money, they say, in his wild days. I'ity he hasn't got a con." His re&eotions; were here broken in npon by the sound of a horse's hoots on the road, and turning, be beheld Therwell cantering leisurely along, coming from the direction of the village. A look of recognition instantly lighted up his face. He stepped forward, attracting TherweH's attention, and had the satisfaction of being recognised in tnrn. "Mr Jasper, I believe?" said Sir Allyn'a enemy, reining in his borpe. " Tbe same. And yon are Mr. Therwell, Sir Allyn _ Dare's secretary," responded the lawyer, observing the superb steed bestrode 1 bvThersrell. " I need to lend yon v money —11 in • tbe old days, you remember?" " Yes, I remember, and a hard. bargain i you always drove, Jasper," said the secretary witb a slight laugh. " But I am no longer < n poor secretary, nor in Bir Allyn'a employ, it was hie father whom I served." •' Fortune smiles.tben now, I suppose i" o\iBsrrea the lawyer, beginning to think that an acquaintance with Therwell might be dcilrable. 'Well, yes," was the carelearesponse; " il her smiles bring wealth, ease, and luxury,: then she does smile npon me, I might eay sbc actually laaghs, for I am about to marry the loveliest young lady in the world—a creature as bright and spirited as a wild fawn, and aa beautiful as—sq a long bank account. I refer to IGss Due, the fnture owner of Edenoourt." The lawyer's eyes widened to their Utmost extent, and brightened In proportion. "Is it possible !" be asked,' olmortincredalonsly, glanoing first at the large and (air. rstate spread aroond him and then at the rotund figure and round smooth hoe of the expectant bridegroom. Some people «re born for luck, Mr. Therwell. I suppose its a genuine love-match. Hiss Dare is doubtless a romantic young lady who deepieea the usual routine of marriage, and chooses ber' late grandfather's secretary in preference to 1 titled gentlemenf" : . , ; , Therwell stroked hiB chin complacently. "I flatter myadf." he eaid, "tbat the match is not so incongruous. I am here now tor the marriage." •-i • ' " Indeed if yon should require moie money than you may have at command, .! should be happy to honor any drafts;'" ssid the lawyer, obsequiously, Yon are very good, but Sir Allyn would feel hurt if I applied «o any one bot biń.' Besides I have a fortune of my own, Kr. J»sper." .. The 'awyerprofeisedtimMlfiejoioed J* " To lend the viscount money ' " No, to see him about his father's debts. The old lord owed me * considertblo amount, and the young one has to pay it. It will come hard, I fancy." Therwell's indifferent expression gave way instantly to an earnest look. " Has be paid yau ?" he asked. _" No," replied the lawyer. " He want* time. Says be can pay me all within three years, but it will inconvenience him now. I imagine it will, and pretty Seriously, too. Told him I'd see about it. Fact is, I haven't quite made op my mind what to do." Therwell looked thoughtful, and a strange gieam chot from LIE usually doll eyes. Since Hie previous day he hsa conceived a strong hatred for Lord Treseillian. He had grown to regard Ilde DEIS as his peculiar property, and to feel toward her a selfish sort ot affection. He began to exult in her beauty and her spirit, and to look jealously on all who won her smiles. At fint he had anticipated no danger from her interviews with tbe young viscount, bat since tbe visit to Oakshaw, and since she bad left him behind in the return to Edeneoart, he had nourished a bitter anger against Lord Tressillian, who bBd witnessed his disoomfiture and probably exulted in it. He bad his eyes opened suddenly to tbe fact that Lord Tressillian ! was younger and handsomer than be, and better fitted in all manly attractions to win a lady's heart. He had also discovered that Ilde loved Lord TressHlian, and that she was loved in return with an ardent, tender, onselfish passion, such as he could never fed. In short, Therwell, while donbting nothing of his power to compel the marriage, was yet miserably jealous of hisrival. The desire to injure him was strong within his heart, and he rejoiced at the opportunity that late had thrown in bis way. After a brief self-communion, he said: *' I should advise you to press your claims at once, Mr. Jasper. Or stay, why .not transfer them to me ? I will pay you handsomely for them." Tbe lawyer looked keenly at the ex- Ffccretary, but his glances might as well have fallen upon stone. Therwell's countenance was impassive, and his eyes had in them nothing except an expression of eagerness. I suppose you don't like his lordship J" " I'm not fond of bim, Mr. Jasper. But what do von say to my proposal f Is it yes or For answer the money-lender drew from his poaket a slip of paper up^n which was inscribed the sum of Lord Tressillisn's indebtedness: Instead of being overcome at the amount Tberwell's eyes sparkled with pleasure. He eaw the immediate disbursement of such a might embarrass even Viscount Tressillian, and he became more than ever eager to take the claim npon himself. " I will give you a cheque for the amount, Mr. Jasper," he said, with a feigned carelessness, " if you will make over to me all the paperB and notes that belong to tbe case, and all tbe late viscount's acknowledgements, with the necessary papers to prove the transfer." Mr. Jasper appeared to reflect. He was annoyed at the result ot his interview with Lord Tressillian, and had no hope of ever obtaining anything from him. He oompared Therwdl's offer with that of the young viscount's, and speedily mads up hie mind to close with the former. "I will oblige you with pleasure, Mr. Therwell," he said. " If you will BOcompany me to the village tbe business can be arranged witbout-delay." The ex-secretary, concealing hie delight, immediately turned his horse's head toward 12denville, and tbey Bet out for the village inn. Dpontbe way they conversed „with considerable/reedom and developed kindred sentiments, although Therwell was ss guarded and cautious in hie speech as usual. Arrived at the village, tbey stopped at tbe Dare Anns, and soon after proceeded to the office of the only attorney Eienville afforded. Here' the papers were gone over, the necessary documents made out. and the Tressillian claims transferred to Therwell, be giving a cheque in payment. The businesB concluded, the two returned to the inn to dine together,.and Hoadley took care to treat his confederate with the servility ana obsequiousness he deemed outwardly due to the future master of Eden' court. After dinner, Mr. Jasper hastened back to town, and Therwell set ont for. Tressillian Hall He bad scarcely quitted the high street and emerged npon the country road when he observed a horseman galloping along before him in the same direction he was taking. The horseman was well mounted, and some distanoe in advance. The distance was diminished u tbey neared tbe Tressillian estate, and when Therwell approached the lodge gates they were flung open for the horseman be bad been regarding, and then closed behind him. The next moment Therwell was granted admittance. He strode swiftly op the lime shaded avenue to the Grecian portico, dismounted and knocked at the door. A servant answered tbe summons. " I wish to see Lord Tressillian," he eaid, imperiously. " My lord is engaged with a gentleman who has just some from London," was the reply.- " U you will enter, sir, I will give my lord your name." Therwell gave the servant a card npon whioh his name was inscribed, and was ushered into the drawing-room. He was impatient to behold the humiliation of his rival, and walked abcot the floor, his hands upon tbe precious documents that proved the indebtedness of the late viscount, and his claims to possess the money for it. Nomercy!" be whispered to himself, shall like to hear the youngster tell me that be can't pay tinder three years 1 I won't grant bim more than three days. He will have to mortgage some of bis farms, sell somen! his lands, or resort to borrowing. Sir Allyn cant lend him a penny. I begin to ted repaid tor the annoyance I endured yesterday. My lord * shall pay dearly lor bis night ride to Oakshaw with Ilde Dare, and she shall suffer too lor daring to love him I" " With «uch thoughts as these be awaited the viscount'SQomiog The minutes passed, and still he was left done.. The servant returned to say ihat'his lordship would soon eee him, -and "then left bun to himselfjagain, and during that time be chafed,- fumed, and narsed his jealous math against the ^viscotmt. and delighted himself wjth anticipation; of the rain; and dismay be would bring upon bim. Bat when, at Jaet. lie heard a step in the hall, he became himsalf again, smooth, pleasant, andemiling. • -fie bad scarcely composed bis features, when Lord Tressillian made bis appearance. He came in witb a'faint look of surprise cn bis face, but he -was perfectly oourteous, łbongh very cold in biB greetiop. He looked as tthoogb be bad just reoeivedpleasant news, for his eyes were full of pleasure, and bis manner indicated a senie of idnf froinvome To what am I indebtei far this visit t" he asked. . "To business mm^y/'reBpondea Therwell, in his soft, Uand tones, which thoBe who fcnew Mm best jUked I lea$.:jUbpr me tocome to1i»epomt ;»t onóe,ńłir;lord. Yon bave received a visit to-day trom Mr. Jacob Sasper, London 1" ' witi, any one but Mr. Jaepi'.r himself. Allow use to question the fjoori taste that prompts your conduct, and to end oar interview." " Not so fast. Lord TresBillian," exclaimed Therwell, smiling with gratification at the part before him. " I have authority to act in this matter." '• 1 fail to recognise it," was the quiet response. If Mr. Jasper has made you hiB representative, be will have to withdraw his authority from you." " I see you do not yet comprehend," and Therweil's eyes glowed, and it required an effort to preserve his impassive expression. " You have had the ill-fortune to cross my path, Lord Treseillian, and I never forgive any one who attempts to thwart me. You have had the audacity to lift your eyeB and hopes to my betrothed wife—" " Stop 1 You must not speak of MISB Dare by that name to me 1" exclaimed the young viscount, with flashing eyes. " I do not recognise your claims upon her, and the marriage shall nevrc take place— never 1" . " Ton will prevent it, perhaps ?" sneered Therwell. " You had better bertow some of that ovarflowing enthusiasm upon your pecuniary affairs. To come to the point: Mr. Jasper lent your father large sums of money to invest in Welsh mines, and- foreign railways and so on. You asked for three years to pay the debt in. It is my pleasure to inform your lordship that I have seen Mr. Jasper and purchased from him the entire debt. Hera are tbe documents to prove my assertion; and I want tbe money within three days/' He waited to hear pleadingB for an exten- sion, and looked at Tressillian, expecting to see him grow pale and faint. Instead, he was astoniBhed to see bim smile quietly, and hear him him ask to eee the deed of transfer. He exhibited it at once: " I suppose that it is perfectly legal?" said the young viscount, returning it. " Yon will find so, to your cost, if yon attempt to evade the payment," replied Therwell, surprised into roughness. *' I Baid I muBt have my money within three days, and 1 will not wait one hotir longer." The smile deepened on Lord TressQiian's face. He stepped to the door of the corridor and called some one. His summons was answered by a small, dapper individual, who carried under one arm a bulky port folio, whom Therwell believed to be the horseman who had preoeeded him to' the halL Mr. Thompson, my business agent—Mr. Therwell, said the viscount, briefly. The two men exchanged formal bows. "Mr. Thompson has just arrived from town," said Lord Treeaillian, with a tinge ot triumph in his tones. " He was my father's business adviser and counselled thoBe investments to which you bave alluded, Mr. Therwell. He has come here to eay that the Welsh mines have turned out satisfactorily after all, a new vein having been struck, and he has sold out my stock at a great advance upon their original price. In łact, tbe money is already placed to my credit in the bank. So I shall not be obliged to ask even three days in which to pay you." Therwell's face lost ite color and its delighted expression altogether. A look of anger and bitter disappointmsnt gathered in his eyes, ana his lips fairly trembled witb suppressed rage. As soon as I receive from Mr. Jasper confirmation of this deed of transfer," continued the visoount, coolly, yonr demands ehallbepaid to the uttermost farthing. Allow ma to bid you good-morning." The discomfited visitor took hie leave without a word, hie blandness and softness having utterly* deserted him. His host followed him to the door and said, at parting: " Accept this little check npon yonr plans, Mr. ThBrwell,SB eignand intimation also of the frustration of your schemes with regard to MiBB Dare. For, as sure ss I live, Ilde Dare shall never become your wife 1" With these words ringing in his ears, and his heart swelling with intense wrath Therwell mounted and rode toward Edencourt. CHAPTEE XXXIII. TO U SHOULD HAVB KXOWS ŁLE BKTI2B IH1K TO THBKATEN HE 1" " Jj'or never can true reconcilement grow Where wounds ot dsBdly hate have pierced so deep." MILTON. It was the evening of the day npon which Therwell had visited Tressillian Hall and encountered such complete diEcomfitnre at the hands of its young master. The twilight shadows were gathering aronnd Edencourt, enveloping the mansion, park, and pleasure-grounds in a soft, delicious haze that was inexpressibly delightful after tbe broad sunshine of the day. It was Ilde Dare's favorite bour, and tbe young girl was walking slowly up and down tbe garden paths, between rows of bloBsomtng spring flowers which seemed to yield their sweetest breath to the declining day. Her delicate figure, robed in tbe softest gray, relieved only by a. fleecy scarlet shawl, seemed appropriate to the bour and the Boene. Her pure, thoughtful face, surrounded by a wealth ot glossy brown curls, looked almoBt as if chiselled in marble, and ber manner was unusually quiet and. selfabsorbed. Around ber was spread a lovely ssene, fit {or the bannt of a peri. In the centre of tbe garden, from which all tbe walks radiated like the points of a star, was an exquisite marble fountain; the central nrn was supported by delicately sculptured figures, which bore their burden witb s graoe seldom compassed in marble. Over the nrn, poised each by one ticy foot npon the brim, stood, in graceful attitudes, a baud of water-nymphs who, in playful mood, were Singing water at each other. The .crystal drops dashed over the .flowing hair of eschmarble maiden, and then fell with musical mumurs into the basin. Vines trailed along the brim ot the mn, entangling the gleaming feet ot the nymphs, and drooped in loose festoons over the outer edge of the basin, aSordinga lovdy blosaoming frame to thefountain. But the future- proprietress cf these beauties did notbestow.nnewonderingglauce npon the fountain, nor the flowers, nor the rows ot tropical trees planted-in boxes which lined the' walks, nor npon the many evidences of taste and wealth that crowded the garden. * : With a quiet step she .Walked alonf, her rtay silken robe trailing over the gravelled paths, and ber shawl gathered tighUy over herJbreas). She was thinking' of what Mrs. Amry bad promised her, and was building hopes npon it- TShe was thinking, too, of her father, and planning, as ebe had dene OontinuBlly of late,' hnw to avert from him the consequences of his own fatal weakness BTid inflpemon. Wrapped in zefleotiop ehe was not conscious olythB^piproach of aniutrnder until she heardier name pronounced, and behdd Therwdl by ber side. " A pheasant evening. Miss Hde," he said, in o pleasant voice, his face without a sign of the anger that had disfigured it some hours earlier, hope you dd not find yourself greatlyfatiguediJteryourlongridatoOakehawl" •"" r , - • " Thank yón, no," replied the maiden, ber! aeoeA expressive of haughtiness, ae .she -essayed to pass'bint. . . . V .,„••:•)" He laid bis bandligblly oh her arm. •-.. Do not leovB me yet," he said/śmootfaly, yoi in * voiee^that conveyed B commani •'I haTO Bomething to eay toyou. Please likeaiyiM™." • «• I will hear what van have t» «»y," elj« "Very well, Mies Ilde," he dcclaredi: timing his steps to hers, and keeping at her side. " Have your own nay now, for your days of maiden freedom are numbered. When I first came here I said yoa should have a month in which to prepare for our wedding. So far as. [ can learn you have not commenced the slightest preparation. I have beard ot no visits or orders to town milliners; I have seen no bustle each as .usually preocedes the marriage of a great heiress;no noble friends have called to congratulate you upon your engagement or to aay their respects to the bridegroom-elect, in short, Miss ilde, your conduct throughout seems that ot .one who either haB no faith in the projected marriage, or who occupies her time in scheming to prevent it." " Your random guesses havebitthe truth, Mr. Therwell," said tbe maiden, coldly. He did not appear to notice her remark. Bat his tones had a character of bitterness and anger its them, as he said: " Then I have something else to complain of. You are my betrothed wife, and I do not chooee that yon should take midnight rides with yonng gentlemen. I dare eay yonr expedition bad tbe approval of yonr father. I know you were attended by Miss Aredale and your old groom, still I do not choose that my future wife should take journeys unattended by me. Do you not know that your conduct has bBen sn^h as to encourage Lord Tressillian to love yon? Hie lordship actually hopes to make you his wife.'* " And I bone to become so 1" responded Ilde, in a low olee? tcne, while even in the twilight it might have been seen that the hue of her cheeks rivaled the vivid scarlet ot her shawl. "-Yon do ?" ejaculated Therwell. " Then yoa really intend to defy me ? You intend to sacrifice 7our father to the fancy of a moment ? Yoa will coolly witness hiB ascent to tbe scaffold " Hold 1" cried Hde, in a spirited, commanding manner, " Do not dare to speak to me. in that way of my honored father 1 Have you for one instant bdieved that 1 could Bit down supindy, without a struggle -against the revolting destiny yon would force npon me? Have you imagined that 1 would yidd to thia horrible fate without first having tried every means of escape ? You have strangely misunderstood me." " No, not so," said Therwell, quietly. u I knew you had mora spirit than your father, and therefore was prepared for your visit to Oakshaw. My house-keeper there had orders to be on the look-out ior you, and to Bend at once to mo inBtead of the police. But having sought in vain for the written compact, yoa must now resign yourself to year fate." Qde's silence answered better than words eould have done. *' Still obstinate, 1 see," said Therwell. " You would struggle longer, and PO tighten your bnnds. Do you think it well to excite your father with falEe hopes ** Is he not dying before my eyes cried Ilde, passionsi^ly. stopping and facing her persecutor. " Dors he not fade perceptibly every day under tbe excitement and anguish he suffers ? So long as an instant of freedom remains to me I will strive to avert from him tbe crowning horrors ol bis sad life. He will die if I marry yon. He will die if I refuse. Heaven help him—my poor father 1" The last words' were uttered witb a wildness that might bave toccbrd a heart cf stone. But Therwell smiled, and said, coolly: " Better a quiet death without ignominy than to perish, covered with shame, and by violence. You suffer, too, I see, my dear Ilde. Your hopes daily conflict with your fears, and you will soon* be exhausted. In mercy to yoa and to your fBther, I bave decided to hasten our marriage. The festivities 1 have desired can take place after the wedding, which shall be quite private, sinoe yoa seem to desire.it so. I love you, Ilde Dare, in my way, quite aB well as Lord Tressillian does in bis. I appreciate your beauty, your spirit, your wealth, yonr social position. 1 admire your grace, the color in your cheeks, the sweetness of your manner. I am an' epicure, and 1 do not wish tbe Dloom brushed olt my peach. I mean by that, that I do not cbooee to defer our marriage nntil grief and despair have robbed "you of.your quick, light step, your spirited manner, your soft blushes, and your be&lth.; Therefore, I have determined to shorten the term of our engagement to one tingle week from to day." " A single week 1" responded Ilde. "Exactly that period," was tbe answer, in a tone of a&ected; lightness. " And I have to request that you will not again see Lord Tressillian. I eent him a note an hour ago, stating that our marriage was to be hastened, and requesting him not to eee you again. So that tie is loosened already." The young girl put out her hands blindly for support, and caught at the vine-edged basin of the f&untain.; Her face grew as white BE those of the marble nymphs, and ber eyeB shone with a wild light that was visible even in the deepening twilight. "Only a week I "she said, her thoughts at onp blow taking in all that she had to do if she hoped to prevent the marriage. What could she do in seven days? Could she discover the missing witness, Shawcross? Could she find Therwdl*s sister, and get from her the written oompaat ? Could Mrs. Amry bring ber weapons to bear in thai brief space of time? "If not," thought the yonng girl, a startling idea taking posEeEsion of her strong, ardent soul, and a lofty ponrage animating her whole being—'' it not, I will defy him to do his worst. I will support and nphold my father. Tberwdl shall bring bis witnesses againet us—and Heaven defend tbe right 1" This resolve imparted a quiet, calm dignity toher manner that astonished Therwell. She looked at bim with the wildness gone from ber eyes, and be found himself nhableto read her thoughts. '.'Yoa still grant me a week," she said, calmly. "For a week, then, I am free, and shall allow so dictation as to my pursuits. I shall see Lord Tressilian it I choose, or any other friends who may take an interest in me." "Would it not be well to conciliate instead of angering me?" inquired Tberwdl. annoyed at ber words. "YOG do not, perhaps, realise bow completely yoa will be in my power after tbe marriage vows are uttered." " Coward!" cried the young girl, scornfully. " You do well to show me still more your real character now. Permit me to end the interview." With a stately motion of her bead, die gathered her shawl closer and swept past him, tskingber way towards the mansion. He looked after ber,: half angrily, half proudly. "It will fas pleasant, to. tame tbe proud little creature," be mattered, stroking his chin. " What delight t shall have in breaking her in I Tbe time shall come when she inll:be a meek, obedient .^rife, with.no thoughts or aspirations beyond pleating me, and no:feart beyond offendiug me. -By Jove, I atn impatient to begin' iny task of ttrningber/* : ?• •• ' ' • He leaneg against the basin ot tbe fopntain, and indulged ln pleasant, mus- •inj^'y^h-,^-' -'rr-' 1^. fir--' - . -By this time the heavier and. deeper shadows bad nestled down npon the scene, and the^oriouB galaxy .of stars wereshining in diin and mdlow radiance, giving s weird tf TharwelX - was silent 'ind abstracted, bnried in ^bought. : ' He did not see a-figure jraised itself DoisdMlyfromJthei^dow in come, •, iiwsii?;! hi3 departure- Tims sbe had «n- 1 avoidably listened to tbe «-hol"3 of the conversation, and had bt:com2 awira' o£ the change in Ude's protpects. She wee anx:ous to follow and comfort her, snd believed that she could vanish unseen under the cover of the shade and the night. She paused only long enougn to note the position of Therwdl, r.ml then glided away. She had taken, however, but two or three steps, when slao inadvertently trod upon & dry twig, which snapped under her foot, and she etoppe'd abruptly, apprehensive of discovery. Her fens were well founded. That slight, crackling Bound in the stillnees of the early night aroused Tberwdl from hia reverie. He started, looking around him nervously, as if fearing to see 'again the supposed apparition that had recenvly appeared to him, and then hiB keen glanoeB rested upon the dark outline ot that crouohing figure. With a quick, tiger-like bound he leaped to'wards her. The womBb sprang np and attempted to flee as she sawbisapproaah, but she had not taken half a dozen steps when his. hand came heavily down npon her shoulder, and she found herself a prisoner. "A listener?" he exclaimed,dragging her towards the fountain, and pausing in the lightest spot. " Let me see your face." The woman- hesitated, then shook off his detaining grasp, and puehed away the close hood that aoncealed her features. At the sight of them he shrank back with a cry of terror. " No, I am no ghost, Vincent Therwell," ebe said, as his wild, incredulous gaze expressed hie fear that he was beholding an apparition. " I am alive." " Alive!" be said, in a shuddering tone. •« Alive 1" " Yes. Vincent Therwell. Is it BO hard to believe." " But—but I heard you were dead." " There was such a report. I circulated it. t wished you and all who had once known me to believe me dead." Therwdl continued to gaze npon the woman's worn features with sickening terror. HIB round figure eeemed to ehrink within itself. Hie round face seemed to gather itBelf up into a thousand wrinkles. His heavy, thick lips trembled, and he Eeemed suddenly aflicted as if with ague. Whoever and whatever the strange seemstress was, she had a remarkable influence over the wicked eehemer before her. AB she remarked the effect of her preeenoe, Mrs. Amry drew np her tall figure, her face grew stern, and she Eeemed to assume the character of a Nemesis. " I am alive, Vincent Therwdl, and here," s'ce txoiaimed, in solemn tones that made him shudder. "Foryeara I have followed your step3 without finding you. I have traversed this kingdom on foot and alone, in sunshine and in rain, in cold and in heat, and the one thing thathas kept me alive haB been the hope of finding you. And at laBt I have overtaken yon." Tbe last words were spoken exultantly, and be heard them. Therwell bent his head upon bis hands in an attitude ot despair. '• You have not asked why I am here," said tbe woman, after a brief silence. . " I know already," was the husky responce- You can have bulone errand." "Is tbere any good in yonr heart, Vincent Therwell?" asked Mrs. Amry. "You seem overcome by the sight of me. Does my face recall happier days, when you were young and unstained by crime? Does it awaken within you a Eiugle regret for your career of guilt!" She knew in ber heart that it did not. But she scarcely comprehended the manner and attitude ot Therwell, and therefore endeavored to place the inost charitable construction upon it. " I suppose," said Tberwdl, irrelevantly, " that yoa have brought officers with you— that they are even now in this very garden." " No, I am alone." This was an unfortunate admission. Therwell raised his head with something of his former spirit; the livid hue.of his face gave place to a natural redneBs, and he recovered at once his former coolneta and eelf- possession. T " No one knows yon are here?" he asked. "Yon have told no one my story?" " No one." How Therwell'e eyes gleamed then. *' I have told no one as yet," said Mrs. Amry, feeling uneasy by tbe change in his manner. " I know of your doings here, Vincent Therwell. I know bow yoa have schemed to possess tbe hand of Miss Dare, and with it herfortuneand a social position. 1 know too, how you are oppressing ber poor invalid father, who never injured you!" " You do ?" " Yes: and though for years I have thought of nothing but avenging Gpon you my own bitter wrongs, 1 am willing to consider mercy now, if you will but be juet. Miss Dare was kind tome the other day, and fed and shdtered me, and I would tecom< penes her for it a thousand-fold. She is a poor motherless yonng girl, and [, whom you have made childless, worse than childless, fed my heart yearn in pity towards her, Vincent Therwdl, if you will release Sir Allyn Dare and hie daughter, and go away, leaving them to themselves, I wiU promise to forego my revenge and leBve yoa in peace." Too strange seamstresB spoke as if she believed he would gladly accept the terms she offered. "You are mild in your demande,"he replied, with 4 sneer. " But suppose I refuse?" " Befuse at your peril 1" was her stern and quick response. " So surely as you refuse to release these Innooent people from the bonds you have placed upon them, EO sorely will I denounce you for what yen are t Ą will even bring the officere of justice to the house to-night——" Therwell interrupted ber by a cry of rage and fear. Hie hand disappeared within the breast of bis coat, and when be withdrew it he held within his grasp something that glittered in tbe starlight. "Yon should have known me better than to threaten me," be said, in a hiBsing tone. " You will cot betray me- Swear to me that yón will not!" It was a face glowing with murderous intent that he turned, towards her. His eyes had tbe ferocious gle&m-of; a wolf's, and his mouth had an cxpreseion that strnck the woman with an instant comprehension of herperil. Suddenly she turned tp See. \- He was ready for tbe movement; With a single leap be'gained her "Eide/elutched at ber throat to prevent bier screaming for assistance, and demanded her oath of Secrecy. s Though her tongue was motionless, ber eyes expressedlier refusal. •' Then yonr blood.be npon yourhead!"he said. " ." ' •*•' • Tbere was a flaeh of steel in the dim light a hollow moan, tbe sound ot a heavy falling body, and then, pale and ceared, Therwell rushed, from the gardens, feeling tbebrand of Gain npon his eonl. ' • The starlight shone npon a prostrate figure In ibe.ahadow of tbe fountain;" opon a face ghastly in its pallor ; npon eyes that stared upward vacantly; and npon - s bosom' in which the heart beat fsintly—but etill beat. CHAPTERXXXIY. " X KHOW TOB;EJ BKTB OF TOUR DISGUISE )" The ills of love, not'those of fate, I fear. These l oan brave, bot those I cannot ' bear;' ' '. • -".'v* -i ' BBTDXH. Koserness tid not eia'.an^o a sv-nri witb l-er upon tiie occasion cf her eecolid visit, and wiihcrtw as quickly as pastille, leaving the younfr bride to tha plsasanter society of her own tboiii;hiH, and to the companionship of the wavie, which heat and chafed restlessly ii!»inst tue beach without. Having roliuqaishad all hope of speedy escape or liberation, it oaly remained for the captive to .- o.'icoi her heart to patience and resignation, qualities with which she had become familiar during her long years of imprisonment at tbe hands of her relative. She had much to cheer her cow that Ehe bad not had then. There were hopes arid dreams, lnnouoent girlish fancies now brooding in her heart, to which, aotil recently, she had been a etrauger. Once her life had been devoid of links to the outer world; now Bhe thought of the one with whom she was connected by the nearest and tenderest of all ties, and lived over again the strange scenes of their marriage and his unexpected confession ot love at tbeir last interview. Dreaming of him, she forgot the lapse of the hours. . She watched the flush of tbe sunset on the white crested waves, heard without listening the mournful cries of the sea-birds, and did not leave the window even when the cold, gray twilight wrapped sea and land witbin its misty toldB. She sat there gazing into the sombre and deepening darkness, with a thoughtful look in her dark eyes—a look that saw not the heavy night shadows, but instead, a sunny happy home at Monrepos, a home brightened with .love and tenderness, a home shared with Sir Hugh. She had nearly forgotten already that her ideal had been a Bayard. The warm, human love proffered her by her hnsband had almost beoome dearer in her eyes than' all the perfections of the stately old heroes of whom she had ever heard. And thus, thinking and dreaming, she did not notioe bow the night was deepening around her, until an involuntary shivering aroused her from her abstraction. No lights had been brought to her, and the room had been quite chilly, a cold wind sweeping in from the 3ea, and entering the crevices of the windows. Cold, hungry, and weary from the effects of the drug, under the infiuenoe of which she had been brought to her present abiding place, ebe disrobed herself in tbe darkness and crept into her neat little bed. As if to compensate her in part for her Borrows, kind nature touched h6r eyelids with soft and gentle fingers, and speedily soothed ber into eweet slumbers, which were beautified by visions of Sir Hugh, who seemed to plead anew (or a love which was not this time denied. In the morning she arise, refreshed and strengthened, and arranged her toilet with careful hands. The day was chilly, and without a dreary rain was falling, its drops pattering restlessly against the windows, making the most mournful of music. Above this minor moan of the rain was the bitter wail of the angry sea as it dashed upon the beach and then retreated, seeming like a wild beast chafing in its cage. Lady Cbeljis' evening attire was insufficient, and she sought additional warmth in her thick cloak, and nestled in the depth of her easy chair. At an early hour her frugal meal wae brought, and, as soon as Mrs Barrat had retired, see ate her abearance of bread, and then endeavored to obtain refuge from her physical discomfort in day dreams. This day was a type of the two that followed. A dreary, drizzling steady rain made tbe scene wit&out; painful to look upon and the prison chamber was gloomy, cold, and anpleeant. The conspirators congratulated themselves that nature had assisted their schemes by making the houee by the sea intolerable to their captive, and continually anticipated the announcement of her submission to their demands. But they waited in vain. No Euoh announcement was made. Calm and resolute, Lady Chelliskept firm to her resolve not to yidd. She walked backwards and forwards for hours together for warmth and exercise ; Bhe read the few books at her command; she beguiled her solitude with songs and ballads, which" she Bang Bcftly and dreamily to herself ; ehe ate the meagre allowance of bread afforded her; and never once complained, or showed signs cf relenting in her resolve. The fourth day ot her captivity dawned clear and bright. The Bunligbt poured into her room in golden waves, transfiguring the crimson carpet and pictures on the walls, A genial warmth pervaded every nook of tbe now pleaeant room, and tbe captive found herself sufficiently warm without the pro tection of her cloak. Throwing it . aside, she seated herself by tbe window end looked out npon the ttan quQ, smiling sea. The sunlight bathed her lace-covered shoulders in a pleasant glow, and shone amid her dark hair, nestling here and there, in slender, pencil-like rays, or in bro%d beams that turned to gold the tresses they touohed, She was looking pale, as might have been expeoted, and her eyes had a sad and weary expression as Bhe gazed longingly ont upon the beach. " If I were only free 1" she murmured, her hand fluttering like a bird over the important paper she carried in her bosom. "Every moment I spend here may be a century of grief to Ilde Dare. Shall I yield for her sake I" She oould not immediately answer the question. Continuing to look out, she observed two figures sauntering carelessly along tbe sands of the beach, apparently absorbed in conversation, and in the enjoyment ot the Bgreeable ohangeof the weather. She speedily recognised tbem as Mr Wilmer and Mrs Barrat. They paced Blowly over the beach until they had gained a considerable distance from the dwelling, and then they disappeared from her view around a projecting and rocky point. " If I could "escape now 1" breathed the asptive, Tbe inspiration bad been scarcely uttered when a key grated in her lock, tbe door opened, and Mre. Garson entered, bearing a tray. She etill wore her print sunbonnet, but it was pushed away from her hard featured face, and her eyes were full and keen in her glances. She came in abruptly, placed the tray npon the table, and stood with her back against the door contemplating the captive. " So you Bre crazy, are you?" ehe asked, brusquely. Lady Chellis looked np with astonishment, scarcely knowing bow to reply to this singular address. "Do I look crazy ?" she asked,quietly, after thinking a moment. . Well, yes, I think yon do, it yon wiEh me to be frank," replied Mrs. Garson, surveying Lady Cbellis critically. " I own I had some doubts, bat tbey are gone sow. No sane person wonld wear a dress like that at this season of the year. Low neck and short sleeves 1 ot course you are not in your'right mindl" ' But I unrTin evening dress," said ber ladyship. "I was ahAsn from my bome at night." . . • "'I did not come here to argue. Miss Wilmer. I haven't time to discuss tbe subject with yoa at present. Yotir nnde and Mrs. Barrat bave gone ont to walk for an honr or so, and I've brought yon a little breakfast that may taste better than dry bread," •>.••• Lady Chellis did not even look at. the tray, VI am sore yon must have a .land heart," She; said, earnestly," oryou wouldn't bave brought me food. I am wickedly and nnjUBtly imprisoned. I am no more insane than yoa «re. Nr. Wilmer baa brought me here to compd me to divide my fortune with him. 