S THE ROUSE OF RIMMON. SSTORY OF THE "BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Br JEANIE OWYNNE BETTANY, Author of " Atr Seatnn's Two LEoaCES,"s rs. CHAPTER XII. (Co:xrJINEs). Eour afterhour the crowd watched, refusing to stir. Rimmon and Kack-bit had been away for some time, and had returned again. About ten o'clock smoke was still issuing from the n- dith of the pit, and the clamour for relatives was still going on. Murdock with his cornm Spaions continued in consultation. It was Hackbit who addressed him this time. "Do yok think an effort can be made now?" heaskedina voice quite sober. "I shall go down with the first cage." A cry. of "brave man" was beard in a woman's a voice, clear and ilverv. It sounded like a musical bell amid all that tumult. Hack bit's eyes wandered round the torchlight crowd and rested on the white face of Keziah, who was holding an infant in her arms. It was true, then; the anguish of others had drawn her forth. Mr. Rimmon was looking for the owner of the- voice, too, but had not caught sight of her, for she had hidden herself immediately. Hack bit's anick eye had followed her, however, and he dashed after her at once. " Oh, cousin," he exclaimed, in a reproachful tone, "why have you made us all so miser. able?" The girl hung her head. 4"I only went to iade my own misery," she said gently. "I didn't think anybody cared." "I care very much," responded Hackbit. "Believe me, cousin, I feel more for you than wor.. ds can express. I will do anything, suffer Sanything,to bring back happiness to you " and the hypocrite received a grateful leok from the lovely eyes, that had grown so patheticeincehe last beheld them, andlooked larger and" darker for the dark circle that now surrounded them. How pinched her Itttle face had grown ! Even Hackbit's heart was stirred as he looked at her. "'Whose baby have you got?" he asked. l5It belongs to that poor woman down there." replied Kizzy, indicating with her finger. "She fainted, and the baby fell from her arms, and nobody offered to pick it up. It would have been trampled to death." '?Is there nobody thechild can be given up : .t9?" asked Hackbit. " 'I don'tknow." - : "Pehaps the mother will come to," aug. ge~ted Hackhbit. Mr. Rimmon was seeking his nephew in the ardwd, and at last perceived him, and with a mortified shock, for mortified it was, he recog nised his daughter, and went up to her. S She was safe then; and'what a scandal it all was, her disappearance, and her turning up like this, more like a.ghost than a living gicl! Still, there was a spark of tenderness in his voice as he said, "Kizzy, my child !" And truly he was alarmed enough when he saw the change that bad come over her in little more than a week. The round plump face had grown so pointed and meagre, the lips were ueale and drawn, and the dark eyes stared out from their hollow depths, with a dull look of misery in them. "Come home with thy father, child," said Mr. Rimmon, heartily ashamed of his work, though.never thinking of undeceiving his "?et us look for the child's mother," said Hackbit, and the three moved with difficulty towards a spot where the crowd was not quite so thick, except in the centre of it, where, there existed a kind of iiucleus closely set round one object of interest. It was thefigure of a young girl, who could scarcely be 'twentyfromiher looks. One of the nume rous doctors upon the spot were examining her as Hackbit drew near, and he very soon re marked that her trouble was over, at any rate; she was dead. ."Has this poor girl no relatives-no one who would-take charge of the baby?" asked Mr. KRimmon of the bystanders. "She.has neither kith nor kin, neither has herpoor master, who lies burnt to a cinder, worse luck, at the bottom of the mine." "Come home with me, Kizzy," said Mr. Rimmon again. "I will try and be kind to you;" and he made no objectiontoher carrying the baby with her. As they passed through 3umley town, the Snumerous low public-housee blazed out upon the d:rkness, and were dealing out their liquors to distracted women who had come to drown their grief; vile traps, catching the miserable, and heaping anguish upon them under the guise of comfort.. The ldrid glow of the furnaces lit their path for a while with an unnatural light, making the darkness of the Old Park, to be traversed after wards, doubly dark. Hackbit, at all times disliking the place, disliked it excessively to night,'and thought grimly of the uncovered pit?; This did not prevent his offering to carry the baby, but Kizzy would not giveitup. It w?asaleep and warm under her cloak. To his uncle he said in a low tone, "Above all, cross her in- nothing.". Unnecessary advice, how ever, for Mr. Rimmon was not disposed to cross her. At the end of the Old Park Hackbit left his uncle and conusin, and retraced his steps. He was soon again in the place of his antipathy, and carefully noted each step he took. He had got- about half-way across, when a rumbling soend, followed by a crash, startled him. It was one of the threatened houses giving way. No doubt the tenants were up at the mine. As Hackbit passed through the town, he was mpgch tempted to enter one of the publio-houses, bathe resisted the temptation. "Hang it all," hd thought; "let me go into the jaws of death .When he reached the pit's mouth a cage was waiting to be lowered. " Waitforme," he cried. Murdock was in the cage. "Don't youa go for God's sake," Hackbit said. "You are weeded to right thewrongs." There.is nothing extraordinary in this bravery ou.thepartof Hackbit. No Black Country man is a coward. All are alike ready in these emeigencies. There is never a cry for volun ta,?erl was a lull in the crowd as the cage was Slocered and those few brave men descended to resee. some few, if possible, of the hundreds shut upin that fiery prison. A white-chokered young gentlsman of some three and twenty years, with a very wide brcmmed clerical hat, ventured to make a hrk to some women in his neighbourhood. abpat stihitting themselves to the will of Pr vidence;. - " shut thy - month;'," cried one of the .bes, "or we'll chuck thee down th' pit." . T;hy looked-so much. like, carrying out the .. . tsal that the curate moved-away as fast as he. \--:oe? l'-witl any-dignity.: Some jeers were. t' - th after him, and one of the women said, "?It's always Jthe s?me gate. We mun be entwhan .wages is so low as we havener . 4wt?at ?. .I our children die of th' fever, oor lads i' th explpsios, it's the visitation of ·- e Islsscangesmt with Meose. God. Oh, it's the plague o' 'parsons is the worst plague the Lord ever sent us --curse them." ' These words fell on the ear of an elderly clergyman, who was standing by, hoping to he of use to somebody; and he said to the woman who had spoken, very gently, and with much bitterness " We clergy are greatblunderers, I fear: but believe me, we would do better if we knew how. Indeed, my heart bleeds for you to-night." "Ah! if all th' parsons was like you, we wouldner curse them," replied the woman. There seemed to be something happening at the pit's mouth now. Thecrowd moved as near as it dared to the circle of the doctors. The signal had been given to draw up the cage. The crowd yelled like demons as the machinery was set in motion and the rope floew over the pulley. "Stand back." cried the police. The month oi the pit was filled by an object rising. It was the cage. The torches revealed Iackbit and another, each with a black burden in his arms. The charred mosses they carried were human beings. Blanketswereheldby the fourcorners in readinoes, and the poor wretches were placed in them and carried to the waggocs. The crowd had almost to be beaten back now, it surged so powerfully towards the bodies, in order, if passible. to recognise them; but they were unrecognisable. '"The fire's still burning in the northcut ting," said Hackbit. "We daren't go near there." The signal was given to lower, and down went these brave men again. After the fourth descent they were so exhausted that now volunteers came forward. In the course of the night, some thirtybodies, six of which were justalhve, were brought up. The rest were nothing but cinders. CHAPTER XIIL-AT Hoes AoArt. In the meantime, Kizzy and her father and the little orphan baby had reached the dismal house. The door was opened by Mrs. Rimmon herself. She uttered a loud cry on seeing her dau hter. She woke the baby, and it began to wail piteously. Mrs. Rimmon was not at all surprised to see the baby. She was accustomed to her daughter's taking to all kinds .of waifs and strays. It was Kizzy she was surprised to see. When Kizzy had been placed in her father's chair, she smled faintly, and asked that the baby might be fed. Mrs. Rimmon busied her self in taking off her daughter's shoes and stockings; they were soakin" wet. She then proceeded to put the little white feet into a hot bath, and Sarah, having fed the baby and placed it in an improvised bassinette5 brought sometea for her young mistressin an incredibly abort time. Kizy.tried to raise her head from the chair, but she could not; so Sarah raised her and gave her the tea. A kind of fog gatheredon the girl's mind, and she seemed to be in a different place, with different people ; yet she frequently recurred to the baby, and asked piteously that it might be looked after. "It's fast asleep like a little angel," said Sarah, "in a clothes basket by the kitchen fire." Tizzy closed her eyes on hearing this, and remained white and motionless. "Don't you think we had better send for the doctor ?" suggested Mrs. Rimmon in a frightened whisper. "We could get no doctor if'we sent," replied her husband. "You know they are all busy at the pit. Hadn't I better carry her up tobedf ' Whilethey were debating this quesion there was a sound of wheels. They stopped opposite the house, and there was a ring at the door. Sarah hurried to it, in no good humour; she was afraid the baby might wake. Standing before her at the door, whom should she see but Mr. Saltring, with a red muffler at his neck, rivalling his red whiskers, and behind himcrept Jubal. "Good heart alive, girl," said Mr. Saltringto Sarah, who stood still, not offering to ask him in, "you are Sarah, aren't you? You addressed your letter all wrong, and it has only come to as to-night." "Oh, come in, sir," said Sarah, who had now recovered herself; "she's come back to night, sir, and she looks awful." Mr. Salltring presented himself without ceremony before Mr. Rimmon, whose breath was nearly taken away by the sudden appear. ance. These gentlemen had never met before, though they knew each other by reputation. "We've posted all the way," said Mr. Saltring; " we only heard to-night of your misfortune." " It was very good of you," responded Mr. timmon, coldly. "You see," said Mr. Saltring, a little uenched by this frigidity, "the poor boy couldn't rest, so I brought him." Jnbal had kept carefully in the shadow of Mr. Saltring all this time, but at these wordshe ventured to make himself visible. Heinstantly caught sight of the deathly face of his sister, and cried, "Oh, Mr. Saltring, do. look at Tizzy." Mr. Saltring stepped from behind the door, whichhad hitherto hidden Keziah from him. ' Good heart alive, man," he exclaimed. addressing Mr. Rimmon. "Lord have mercy on us all for a pack of fools !" While Mr. Rimmon was searching in his brains for the meaning of this remark, Mr. Saltring had unbuttoned his ponderous over coat and taken out a flask of brandy, and was applying itto Keziah's lips. " On my soul, I never saw such a lovely creature in my life," he exclaimed. "My daughter's a teetotaller," gasped Mr. Rimmon. " Rubbish !" said Mr. Saltring, continuing to give the brandy. The girl's eyes opened, and Mr. Saltring said, in a coaxing tone, "' There, there; that's better, pretty dear." Her velvet eyes fastened on him for a moment, and a faint smile flickered on her faee and went out. Mr. Saltring was thinking,. "How is it possible such a girl can ever have been- born in Jumloey "" Jubal was standingnear quite boldly now.. He did not feel so much afraid when Mr. Salt ring was in the house. Tizzy moved a little. Mr. Saltring got up from his kneeling position, pushed the table out of the way, and hoisted the great sofa toward the fire. Mr. Rimmon's face was stony as he watched these proceedings. S"\ow, if we had some pillows andblan kets," suggested Mr. Saltring to Mrs. Rimmon; and while she went to fetch them he emptied the coal-box on the fire. Kizzy was speedily made comfortable on the sofa. It must have been nearly 2 o'clock in the morning; but this was not the only household up in Jumley. No one went to bed in explosion times, even of those not concerned; and, as a erool of this, the door next opened to admit the head of Miss Dorcas Himmon, who, having heard that Kizmy had been found, had come up to verify thie fact. "Oh!'. she observed, in a spiteful tone, "I didn't know there was company;" and she was about to bounce back again, when Mr. Saltring said "'My name is Samuel Saltring; you may haveheard of me. You must be a Rimmon, from the family likeness." "Yes,I am Miss Rimmon," that lady ac knowledsed: and she looked over the back of the sofa. "So she's come back is she, the un grateful little wretch." Mr. Rimmon touched his sister gently with his foot, to warn her to be silent. "No, Joshua.I won't be quiet," said Miss Dorcas, defiantly. "You've no need to kick me. I shall say what I like." "Then I would say itin a quieter tone, if I were you, considering all; things," put in Mr. Saltring. ' It's nothing to do with you," rejoined Mise Dorcas, narrowing her eyes as she looked at him. "I'll give yeou a bit of advice," retorted the bluff wine-merchant: "If you'd keep better tempered you'd be better looking." "Please rememberyou are notin your own house," Mr. Rimmon remarked to Mr. Salt ring. "'Now, look here," said the honest fellow, kindliness shining in his face, "you don't want ro be told I mean well. Let us be agreeable. Think of the dear child lying there." Miss Dorcas tossed her head. "'You willlet me snay and help you nurse her to-night," said Mr. Saltring to 3Irs. Ritimmon. "Iknowa lot about nursing Bick folk." Thenext to appear onthe scene was Thomas Hackbit, who had by this time refreshed him self at osue of the low inns still opens He tried hard to look sober, but his head nodded in a ghastly manner, andhe hiceuped between every word he tried to speak. He at once reognised Saltring as a friend, though he had never set eyes on him before. " Glad to see you, old chap," he said. "Get away out of the house, you disgusting brute," exclaimed Miss Dorcas, as Hackbit, smiling inanely, advanced toward Mr. Salt Take no noeth ofher," remarked Hackbit confidentially in Saltrg's ear. "Sho'sh cat. Deneedly ugly, isn't she? Oh, Lord, she's millinersh eleshmakersa. Mr. Rimmn tried to explain tlat r, Back bit was a little unsteady, owing to his having been down-a coal-mine rescuing burn·ig men. "He's been somewhere s sine, abhesi ,,, : .- : . : : - . think," observed Mr. Saltring, smiling in spite ofhimself. At the sound of Mr. Rimmon's'voice ackhiit began again. "HB'oh an old fool, too. He drove Keziah away, forged letters, made her b'lieve-" "For God's sake, hush!" burst forth Mr. Rimmon. "Now he'sh shwearing," said Hackbit, smiling benignly. "He'sh good man, he ish; prayer-meetingsh. Bible-classhes. He getsh drunk and shplits things, he doesh." Dorcas here gave him a friendly poke. "What are you doing ?" he began, turning on her. "You've left your 'prentish out waiting for you. I metsh her. I kished her." This was too much for Miss Dorcas, who ex plained that she had brought Miss Timmins up with her for company, and had not thought it worth while to ask her in, as she was only come for a minute. "Leave her there bitsh longer," said Hack bit, cocking his hat on the back of his head. " You go home yourshclf. Nobody wantshkish you." Mr. Hackbit next announced his intention of spending the remainder of the night at his uncle's, and had of necessity to be accommo dated. But none of those episodes disturbed Kizzy, who was in a sound sleep. The slow winter morning broke, and stole feebly over the objects in the room where Kizzy lay, the dep silky fringes of her eyes rosting on the pallid cheeks. The weary mother had fallen asleep, too; and Mr. Saltring sat near the couch, with his head drooping on his chest till his bald head, rather than his face, looked towards Kizzy; but he was not asleep., When at last Sarah made her appearance, Kizzy opened her eyes with a frightened look, and sighed deeply. Mr. Saltring was beside her in a moment. "Come. we are better," he said cheerfully. "Four hours sleep at a stretch. Now, Sarah, my lass, an egg beaten up in milk, please." He gave it to the girl with all the gentleneas of a woman and all the tact, and was rewarded by a pathetic smile. This over, he asked Sarah if he might have a wash. She looked some what uneasy. "Well air," she said, " Mr. Hackbit have got the spare room, and Master Jubal, he wouldn't sleep with his father, and Miss Dorcas wouldn't go home, neither, after what Mr. Hackbit said, and she and Miss Timmins are in Miss Kizzy's room-" "Oh, all right," said Mr. Saltring, "I'll go into Jubal'e room." But when he tried the door he found it locked, and after knocking several times and receiving no answer, he con cluded that he would go to the room Hackbit occupied, and not. disturb the poor lad. "I needn't wake Mr. Hackbit," he said. The door proved not to he locked ;and, softly entering, he beheld Hackbitin aprofound sleep, with his arm thrown over the back of his head. He had evidently felt cold, for he had taken down the bed-curtains and put them across the bed; also, the hearth-rug. Mr. Saltring could scarcely help laughing. Hackbit's own gar ments-that is, some or them-lay on the floor, close to the door. His boots, however, could be seen nowhere at first. On looking more closely, they were discovered poking out at the feeoot of the 'bed, on the owner's feet. - Mr. Saltring poured out some' water very quietly, but he disturbed the sleeper neverthe less, and a faint voice from the bed said, " What's that?" Mr. Saltring made an apology for his in trusion. " Don't mention it," said Hackbit, holdine his head tightly between his hands; "buts haven't the pleasure of knowing you, have I?' "No," replied Mr..Saltring ; and he then ex plained himselt. "I'm afraid I must have been drunk last night," said Hackbit. "She didn't see me, did she ?-Kizzy, I mean," " She was too ill." "Thank Heaven for that, at any rate. I'm a fool to drink. Nobody knows it better thanI do. I should leave it of if I'd a wife and a comfortable home." "My dear sir," rejoined Mr. Saltring im pressively, "a man should conquer his faults beforehis marriage, and not subject a ..eo woman to the chance of his experiment failing afterwards." "Yes, ynou ar right. But it's very hard to give p on's only comfort, and nothing to re place it." "Don't be in bondage. Make up your mind never to taste another drop." And now, hav ing completed his toilet, Mr. Saltrine hastened down to his patient. Mr. Rimmon had come down by this time. Irizzy was looking round for Mr. Saltring had gladdened at his approach. "She's looking better, isn't she?" he observed to Mr. Rimmon. "A change of air would be the. very thing for her. Let me take her to Langton with me to day, and we swill return her to you in perfect health, God permitting." Mr. Rimmon found it desirable to accept this offer for many reasons. He was very glad when he discovered that Mr. Saltring wished Jubal to go back with him,'too. As for Kizzy herself, her apathy was too great for her to ex press a choice at all. They might do what they liked with her, she said, so long as the baby was looked after: "The baby shall go too," said Mr. Saltring. "There are nurses enough at our house, I guess; and if anybody lays claim to it, they can easily have it." When they had all started in the phaeton, Sarah wrote and informed Mrs. Beredith of what had occurred. She could not say where Kizzyhad been, however, during her absence. as she had preserved a strict silence. on that point. and Mr. Saltring would not have her questioned. CHA~PER XIV.-Mlrm HMnw-xY. Maud Harwyn though a young lady of con siderable personaiattractioas, and therefore es pecially exposed to criticism. inhabited a house on her.own reponsibility at Bowdon, near Man chester. She was an orphan, and lived with only two female servaits, except when her brother Gerald was at home fromr Birmingham. Many-of her friends thought this highly im proper; but it was one of Maud's characteristics not to bow to Mrs. Grundy. Her schoolmaster brother did not disapprove of her, however; and her father must have trusted her, for he placed her itnder no guardian, though he left her a large fortune. The reader has already seen that Lawyer Layton and his wife were strong adherents of Miss Harwyn. They had, never theless, urged upon her the desirability of engaging an elderly companion to lire with her; but she was not open to reason. About a week after the events recorded in the last chapter she was seated sipping her tea, in aperfect bower of a sittingroom, quite alone, with an air of complacency and thorough inde pendence that men would scarcely give solitary women credit for. She was lookiln caressingly upon her pretty feet, placed ipen the fender. They were eased in slippers of the gayest and daintiest. She made no secret of the fact that it was of grave importance to her to be well dressed. She wished to be beautiful, and ohe thought it was for herself alone that she wished it. Her house, planned by herself, was like no other. One could not see it without thoughts ofharmony, andamnshine, and warm'summer days. The girl was an artirst, though a certain indolence bornof weath had kept her talent in the dark. Herhouse. as much as the pictures in her studio, spoke of this. Her studio opened into the diningroom on one side and the draw ingroom on the other. The studio was also a music-room, and, in addition to a piano, con taineda harp, a violin, and a guitar. On two or three easels stood unfinished canvases. The room itself was panelled, and every panel con tained a painting, Maud's own work. Near a low couch was a circular bookcase on wheels, of herown designing. By the easiest motion it would turn round when she wished to change a volume. This was essentially a gay room, but, as a contrast, her diningroom was grim and sombre. She had travelled all over Europe in search of weird pictures for this room; and every eveu ing when she dined alone there she had the apartment lit by wax candles enough to have illuminated a ballroom. While she was drinking her tea on the after noon referred to, Muand's housemaid brought to her a message from the neat villa, The Chest nuts. Miss Harwyn was begged to come in there, as an old lady was seriously ill, and the gentleman' did not lik6 to leave her without somebody besides his servants, while he rode to Manchester to fetch a docter. Meud went without a moment's hesitation, anda neat servant showed her to the old lady's room. The. house was smaller than MIaud's, and differed from it in every way, and it had an old-fashioned air. and a certain stiffness and dulness about it. The bedroom she was shown into was hot and rather stifling. Maud at once glanced towards the four-post bedstead with its white 'hangings. Rolling restlessly upon the pillow lay an aged head.. Maud said to the servant, :'"Haven't you another spare room. with a bed without hang SNo; there werehangings j?unst liLethis in alltherooms.-- -..-. Maud pil ed a screen besidle the bed, and opened a wrindow, andthe fresh air revived the old lady a little, andis she said feebly: SI don't think this is the houses" ' Oh yea, it is," said Mand gdntiy "' yo S"Iknew I s'ohli coma teo it" was the old !Bs't? "''"'- ... . "W..: h, Dene,,"of anise," naid:Lad-,-,ot itla : The old lady glaneed towards the font of the bed, and observing a large fire, said in alarm, "Take some of the coal off, my dear; your father will be so angry." - Maaud now became certain that theold lady I was wandering, and determined to pacify her to the utmost, so actually removed a little of 1 the coal, and the old lady rambled on: "Jubal's a big boy. He'll disagree with his father soon." "How odd !" thought Maud. "I really blieved there was but one Jubal in the world, and now here's another;" and her mind went back to Langton, and to her brother's pupil who wasvisiting at the Saltrings'. She began to bathe the old lady's head with can de Cologne,whichshe had thoughtfully put into herpocket. The old lady went to sleep under . the influence of this, and Maud sat down to wait for the unknown master of the house to relieve her vigil. She knew him by sight, but was unacquainted with his name. It was late before he returned. On entering the bedroom he gravely hold out his hand to I his neighbour, and began to thank her for her great kindness. " Oh don'tthank me, I have done nothing," she said, with a frank emile. Then she added, "But I don't know your name." " My name is David Rimmon." " Then, Mr. Rimmon, can Ibe of any further use to you P"' "I have troubled you too much already,' said David. "The room - is scented like a bower; Iam sure that is your doing. But, if I might ask you one thing more, would you wait till the doctor has seen mother? You would understand his directions better than I could, and explain them to, nmy housekeeper." " Butwould she like my interfering " said Maud with some hesitation. " Well," replied David nervously, 'e she's J ratherdeaf, and has a way of pretending to hear whenshe doen't,to hide it. AndI think you would make her understand." Maud consented at once, and David went down stairs to bring up the doctor. That gentleman meanwhile had been growing very impatient. Helead examined minutely every printin the room, and had fallen out with the roses onthe wall.paper, had sat down on each chair in successian to try their relative comfort, I and had finally stationed himself with hisback to the fire, his eye fixed on the staircase, visible through the open door, his ear turned slightly I upwards, to catch any sound from above. Mr. Rimmon had kept- him longer than he had in tended, having been very slow in the delivery of his remarks to 1and; and after leaving her, he had stood several moments on the dark landing, meditating. Sdoctor did not meethim cordially. He had not even been appeased by a glass of wine. This had been entirely an oversight on Mr. Rimmon's part, but the doctor felt it neverthe less. He could only show it in one way. It was by increased gravity and severity of de. meanour. He also waited for Mr. Rimmon to begin, which was always difficult for David. The two looked at each other in silence for some seconds, when the doctor, in his - im patience, by the audden raising of his boot, knocked the fire-irons down, causing a great noise. -He turned very red at the accident, and solemnly, replaced the fire-irons; then, thoroughly out of temper, faced Mr. Rimmon, 1and observed frigidly \- I can't conceive why people put fire-irons on those eminences. Everybody is certain to knock them down." Mr. Rimmon meekly replied that they were awkward, and asked the doctor in a most con ciliatory tone if he would mind stepping up stales. " " Mind?" rejoined the doctorirritably. "It's my business, I suppose." Mr. Rimmon led the way, wondering what conud be the causeof the doctor's snappshness. We are not going to represent Mrs. RImmon as an interesting patient. nor that she ex cited strong sympathy in Maud Harwyn. This world's sufferers are treauently uninteresting to a stranger; their aspecE is often forbidding ; and though their condition is compassionated, they can find sympathy for themselves, alas too otts, only with God. MissHarwyn's visit to David Itimmon was by no means herlast; for as the days wore on, it became a constant thing for the neighbours to see herentering his house; and Maud wasnot better thought of in consequence. It was another strange proceeding of this very strange yonglady; and to be strange is quite reason enough for a girl's being placed outside the charmed circle of good and discreet society. Some writer has said that " one can only be strange by being wise and godd;"and Miss Harwym's neighbours, to whom 'she was ministering, certainly did not think her strange, unless in this sense. Mrs. Rimmon had recovered reimarkably under her ministration, end had learned- to listen impatiently for her visitor's footstep. She was soon able to sit up, and her chair was placed near the window, in view of the large garden, where, winter though it was, an air of cheerfulness reigned. It was a particularly good year for holly berries, and the old lady's eyes were gladdened by the eight of them, and by the congregations of robins and sparrows feasting unmolested. Sometimes Mrs. Rimmon would sit silent for a long time together, looking out of this window; but if Maud offered to go, she would become querulous at once. One afternoon they were sitting together thus, when Mrs. Rimmon suddenly began comparing her present outlock with the Old Park at Jumley: and though her account was such that Maud understood very little of it, sha nevertheless listened patiently. Thus encouraged, this desolate creature opened her heart'more and more; but Maud had a way of inviting confidence. Even David had begun to talk freely with her. He had gone so far as to tell her something of his niece and her sad story, omitting mention of his brother, however, for on this point he was very sensitive. As a boy, his elder brother bad been upiight in all his dealings, severenalways, yet not more so with others than with himself; ind, David hbd grown up with a reverence for this brother, whom he felttto be beyond the comprehension of his feebler brain. And now that deep down and hidden away in his heart this idol lay broken, the fact was as far out of his con sciousness as he could put it. It is to be questioned whether he had even thought this in words. Some lingering, vague comfort he stored up, as do thousanuds of other hearts in like trouble-thevague and lingering hope that there might be some mistake, some extenuating circumstance not brought to light. And why deny these hearts their feeble and sad solace ? David hadnot seen Maud for more than a few minutes at a time, except on Saturday after noons, when he returned early from business: yet these fleeting moments had in a short week grosn inexpressibly dear to him. Maud, perceiving that he cared to talk to her, homoured his fancy, and gave him opportuni ties of seeing her, and brightened her own life by this kindness to another. If she could have foreseen the future, how she would have withheld this sweet cup from his lips! KIizzy's story had been related to her in frag ments, and at several different times; and Miss Iarwyn, enthusiastic and compassionate, had told David that when his mother should be well enough to spare her, she would go to her friends at Langton for a day or two and endea vour to make Kizzy's acquaintance. Her further intention was to bring the yong lady to Bowden.to stay with her, if they got on well in about a month from the time of Kizzy's going to the Saltrings' MIaud set out for snugton, and her heart was singin, for she thought here was a justifiable opportunity of once more meeting Tom Towers. She was also in high spirits at the prospect of finding a girl friend, a luxury all her money had not bought her. When the evening of the day of iMaud's de parture had come, and her bright face.had never once penetrated the old-fashioned parlour of her neighbour's house, the heartaof David Rimmon fell within him. The light of his life seemed to have died, and his spirit, slow always, was for once startled into a vivid life, and into the acknowledgment that this fair creature was more to him than anything ense in the world. Although tih truth had penetrated his consciousness, it still suggestel no sanse quenees. It was a single absorbi?g thought of adoration, unmingled with desire. CHAPTER XV.--A SToaso PRoPors. Kizzy speedily became quite at home in her new surroundings, and though a trifle pale, she looked much like her old self. There was one striking differeices, however; she neverlanghed now. The Saltrings, not having known her until her trouble had come upon her, did not notice this. Her sorrow had seemed to heighten her beauty and etherealise it. There was only one person in this establishmentwho did not yield a willing devotion to this queen of beauty and of sweet manners. That was Laura. This young lady gave Kisy ,many-an- unhappy moment when no one else was by, and Hirizy accepted all this with a certain gentleness and forbearance whicfaldb1sbee-forai ga' to her before this trial. ' . The Towers had been unremitting in. their attentions, and had had grave fears for the peoorgirl at first, and had seen her steady ina. provement with some snrprise. nehe spoke of her trouble, and no one- referred-toilt, iresolvethat,. though she had. been-bitterly r separedm from'her lover, it should .not wreck hear life. Although ler sweet dreai had been thus harshly dispelled, there still remained to her the happy past, and the power of praying for him, andabove all there roseoup for herconso. loation the thought that in another world they might meet again, his crime washed away. The poor girl literally lived in this thought. Her father had been to Langton to see her, and she had treated him with much gentle affection. If her heart made excuses for one man who had sinned, ought it not also do the same for her father? One other trouble had come upon Keziah. Mrs. Beredith was angry with her. She re proached her for not making her house her home in her affliction. But this was not so nuch the cause of her anger. It was that Keziah evidently believed in. Rupert's guilt. This lady, who could have staked her life on Kizzy's fidelity, now found her resigned to a separation, and resolved to return no more to Leamington. Alas, poor Kizzy! No one knew what a proof she had in her possession of her lover's guilt. Whether he got off or not, the fact remained the same. Kizzy was thinking over all this one morning with a great deal of misgiving, when Miss Harwynwas announced. Mrs. blatringstrongly urged izzy to see her, as Miss Harwyn had expressed such an earnest desire to make her acquaintance. izzy was upstairs, in a sitting-room devoted to her during her illness, and was engaged upon sme workfor Mrs. Saltring. As Mrs. Saltring held the door open for Mies Harwyn to pass n, Kizzy mentally contrasted the two - Mrs. Saltrng, round, plump, and small, with house and baby stamped upon her face, though in a pleasing way; Miss Harwyn, tall and majestie, with a air of freedom in her whole attitude which saemed to belong to some wild bird sojourning a moment among men, with the consciousness that presently the grand wings can carry him far away to his native haunts. K?zzy did not think this in so many words, but the words describe the impression made on her mind. The two girls shook hands frankly, and Maud seated herself near Keziah; and Mrs. Saltring, on the plea of some household duty, went away. Shehadmore than once found Miss Harwyn too much for her. When the door had: closed behind her, Mand, as if attracted by a magnet. passed her arm round Kizzy's slender waist, and gently kissed her, saying with a rich smile "Whom do you think I saw a few days ago ?" "I can have no idea," responded Keziah wearily. "It was your uncld David and your grand. mamma," "Where did you see them?" "In their own house. They are my neigh bours." "Oh, do tell me about them," said Kizzy, a rich glow passing over her features. "Wh a complexion !" thought Mand. "Who evercould paintit?" Then Maudinthe prettiest ocnedvable way explained how they had become acquainted, and spoke nothing of her own kindness, but very much in praise of David's kindheartedness. "And do you know," said Maud," when your uncle telkedabout you, I thought to myself 'here is another girl as lonely as I am. Why ehould'nt we be to' gether?"" "But you don't know anything about me," rizzy replied, shaking her head doubtfully. Well," said Maud, "people call me im pulsive. I never give ideas time to develop. I act on them straight away ; andif ever I regret, I just bear the thing alone, and don't trouble other people with my regrets. I have a great longing to have you with me, partly because I think you are very little like me; and, forgive me for saying it--you may believe me, because I am a woman speaking to a woman-you are so beautiful, you would bh a continual feast to my eyes." The rich colour mounted to Kizzy's pale cheek again at this frank compliment, and then the tears gathered in her eyes, and she said despairingly : ' That seems to be of no consequence to me now." Maud was infinitely touched, and she kissed away the tears in a sweet, frank way all her own. "I won't take no. You must come and live with me," she said. "I fell in love with you by hearsay first, but thesight of you-well, I wonder.you've not been carried off like the girls in romances." "Dear Miss Harwyn,"Kizzy began, "it'svery good of you; hut I ought to tell you how I am placed. I did not get on very well with father at home, and I got myself a situation; but perhaps uncle told you this. I cannot go back home, andI annot go back to that situation. I have been ill, and T have been here I don't know how many weeks. It is quite time I went away now. If it were not for this I would ave stayed.with. you a little time, you epeak so kindly; and I never saw any one I liked so much." "Of course, I have not made myself under stood," Maud broke out. "I rarely do when I want to most. I-understood perfectly that you wanted a situation. Everybody wants me to have some cross old fogey for a companion; but I've always obstinately refused. I want some one young, to enter into my schemes, and enjoy life with me; but mammas are so strict now-a-days, they. would'nt think of letting their daughters come to me; for, do you know, I live all by myself in a house." Keziah looked startled. "That is, with two servants-one old enough to be my mother. But you seem to be able to pleaseyourself,soifyou cametomenobody would interfere with you, and you would have relatives next door. The only thing I stipulate for, if you accept my offer,and you shall-yea most ertainly shali-is that there shall be no question of money between us." Kizzy was about to interrupt. "Don't interrupt me,"said Mfaud. " Iwant to explain my plan. On the first day of every month I get a certain sum from my bankers ; I am so stupidly rich, yon know. I keelp two purses-one for houselhp?ing, the other for my nondescript expenditure." I shall keep another purse now for you, and put in it as much as I put in the last for myself; nod I am so extrava gant, I am sure you will find it enough." She was much surprised that Kizzy did not close with this at once. She answered the look of the girl rather than any words. "That is very unkind of you," Maud ex claimed. "Why should you not come to me as well as to anyone else ?" "You don't uinderstand me," replied Kizzy. " Your plan is like my being dependent upon you. I cannot be that, If J come to you. I must come for asmall selarysuch as I am worth. I cannot receive benefit from you which would close my mouth and take away my freedom." And here a proud look fame into the fine face, yet calm and gentle, which somewhat abashed hercompanion. The tears welled up into Maud's eyes. " I can't expect you to Inow me in one meet ing," she said. "That is true," replied Kizzy, with gentle dignity. "It is true for both of us. Had you known me, you could nosi have made mie sucha proposal." '" And had you known me," rejoilod Maud, "I think you would have accepted it." Kizzyv gently shook her head. "We cannot begin," she said, "where we have only a faint chance of ending. Your plan shoulfdl be the result of years of testing, and of coming together, so to speak. To try to begin so would he to kill every possibility. You are all kind ness, I see it in your face. Yet you want to clip my wings, you who can go overywhere and do everything. You like to spend your pounds, feeling they are your own. Leave me to speodmy pence feeling they are m oy w." "' Yn despise my plai," replied Uaud ; "but yours ois ridiculous. If we're to goon for years, laying traps for eachl other, and keeping up the very widest anid strongest distinction of leum and tume, wherl Would it all end cu?' We should never trust each other at all." "You forget," resoonded Kiizz', gravely, "that your proposal demands exorbitast trust on my part, and leaves you still free." "At any rate," went on taud, growing desperate, who knows where we shall be before years enough pass to try your way? You will be marrying and going away from me." STherewas somothing like scorn in Kizzy's face as she said, still with celInoess, " I don't think I am likelyto marry, lissn Harwyn. I wasoa the point of it once, and it all ends there." "Your uncletold me about your trouble," said Maud, reompassionately. "Uncle didn't know much," replied Hizy, dreamily. "Nobody knows much but my self." "Bait nothiig is proved against your lover yet, l?rzy," said Maoud, callinr ]her by her Christian name fot' the first time. Kizzy put her hands out before her as if to ward off a blow, nnd said in a vbica much like a cry;" Do not speak of it, you cannot under stand it. ihave never told asybody the rights of -it all- I went away. .I com't remember wiahre I went. I hoped Ia should die. I remembee nights passed in a deserted house, whera there'were r'umblinghs undeneath. I wanted it to fall in on me and buefini~ for ever. HIo~aseoftenfill aiboat thtesa iudiierdi ias anopiloalon. I kcOw that is true, and that I id .not dreauit, because the baby's mhere now-: and somehow a thought cae to me, that I might perhapasvork tou the salvation of both tof us, and ha~d I might neet agaiin i another world.". .. ... • • should she, unless she had known of the forged letter ?.. "I know about the baby," Mand said. "~We will have the baby with us. You shall come to me on what terms you like, if you will only come. You shall be my model, my guide; you shall save me from my selfish self. It's a revelation to see one so high- souled and so beautiful at once. Now, say, when can you be ready to come to me?" "I must go home for a few days," said I?eziah. "I have not seen mother since I was ill. And please, Miss Harwyn, don't talk to me as you have done just now. Indeed, you don't know my heart. What you talk of is only what I want to be, not what I am." '"Well. weoll, you can't change my opinions," replied MIaud. "But won't you show mse the baby you rescued?" "Gladly" said IKeials, and the two girls went together to the nursery. On her way home to the Zaytons', Maud was so preoccupied about Keziah that she twice failed to recognise people she knew perfectly well. One of these sharply eined up his horse, and dismounting, gravely held out his hand and said: "This is not kind of you, MIiss Harwyn, to torture me with the sight of you, when we can never be anything to each other, never." "Am I never to come near my friends, Mr. Towers, because you take a foolish fancy into your head?" said Maud, her indignation rising against him. "I thought you would understand, Miss Harwyn, that I am bound hand and foot, that I can marry nobody, much less you." "Do you think you could marry me if you liked?" rejoined laud, hot and angry. "You talk as if I were only waiting for you to ask me to accept you. Ah, Mr. lowers, had you been a man of money and position, you would not have found me so lenient as I have shown myself." "That is only your way of upbraidisr me for not being a man of money and position," retorted Towers with equal bitterness. "If I wanted to upbraid you," repliedMaud, " I would not go round about. I do upbraid you for not working better, and getting your qualification." "How can outsiders judge of one's situation? You are very unjust tome." "I dare say I think better of you than you deserve." Towers coloured. "To hear you talk, one would think you hated me," he said. "I have a very real contempt fora man who, at thirty vears of age. settles down without a quslification he has been trying after all his life." "Your words are very cruel, more cruel than you think," said the doctor, mounting his horse and riding rapidly away. TO 1B CONTINUED. 