HOSPITAL REGULATIONS. The brief discussion which Mr. S. H. M'Gowan, the honorary treasurer,and one of the most enthusiastic working members of the Hospital committee, initiated at the board meeting last Wednesday evening, when,’ read between tho lines, shows improvement is still possible in certain of tho regulations of tho hospital. It was, ■as it turned out, a small matter that tho ho’ orary treasurer was refused by the : lodge keeper permission to drive through tho gates with his buggy, tho lodge ,keeper,s instructions, aa that officer aaid, being to admit no vehicles except those containing patients. When, however, ho discovered that it was a committee man to whom ho was speaking, tho lodge-keeper saw that he had acted unpolitically, and sought to tho indignant visitor by graciously ex tending ids permission to drive through the gates—regulation or no regulation. Bur, ns Mr. M'Gowan very properly said, he could not,become a party to tbo lodge-! keeper breaking his instructions, and So he asked was tho resident surgeon at the institution. He was, ho slates, informed that the surgeon was not, nor was the assistant surgeon, whilst the secretary’s whereabouts were likewise unknown, 1 When called before the committee the (gatekeeper gave a somewhat different version of their conversation. He stated (hat ho merely informed Mr. M'Gowan that he did not know whore tho doctor* wore. Further, he stated that ho alwajrd opened tho gates for doctors and ministers and members of tho committee. '1 ho ir.- ference, therefore, was that ho made a mistake in Mr. M’Gowan’* case. The ex planation Was accepted, and the subject matter of thn complaint dropped. How ever, why was such a regulation iwado* that conveyances, except upder cottnln conditions, are not to be permitted to bo driven op the carriage way to the doors bf (he hospital? Its existence appeared to bo forgo ten by tho committee, which is very natural, as none of them appear to have had their attention thrift 1 10 till Mr. M'Gowan was blocked in the manner atated whilst in the, performance of his purely honorary duties. The regu lation should be at once abolished, for As tliere are gates and a lodge kqeper and a carriage way what possible harm can be done by permitting vehicles to enter? When a person is on an errand of charity or business at the institution, why should ho (if ho happen to bo tho fortunate possessor of a carriage) bo compelled to leave it unprotected in the public street, thus subjecting himself to the penalties made and providvd by law for gooh ? It is absurd, whether ho ho doctor, clergyman, minister, committeeman or pnly an undistinguished member of the public. After ventilating his personal grievance Mi. M'Gowau wasdis; posed to ascertain whether* it WastfcrtiC that ou the occasion in question, both Medical officers wore absent at tho same time from the institution.’ But ho met with no support from bis fellow-comrnittbf men,. his enquiries om that head being adroitly parried and glossed over. , Yet, it is important to know for a certainty, whether the hospital is on any occasion left without a doctor, lu order that ouo should always bo available a second doctor is employed. Wore it pot for this the work of the institution could, with the assistance of the honorary medical staff, be easily performed by ooe surgeon. Some years ago there were complaints of the qaojo character os the one informally made at the last hoard meeting. We can not, of course, assert that it is again the practice, but it would have boon v much Qipre satisfactory if the -doubt raised by Mr. M‘Gowan bad been set at rest by a statement being invited from the resident medical officers. ; jTudbtb P*o»,—Tb* following t(J4ition»l reading matter wfll be found on Iho fourth : —Mining New* and Notes. ' To-day’s Events,—Worden’s Court. 2 p.m Emu Vollty vvotrr Trust, 2 p.m.; Ray woo I Police Court, 2 p.m.; banquet to Bishop Crons,' 3.30 p.m.; Dr. CarvtrV" Wild America” Show, Agriculture! Show Orounds, 4 p.in ; Liog dully Mechanic*’ Institute, 7 p.m. ; Scbt.ce Society, 8 p.m.; Darrell Compsny, Rtyal Princess Theatre, 8 p.m.; Golden-Mjasrc Work-' Big Men’s Club, 8 p.m ; Sandbars) Michsnlcs’ Institute, 8 p.rn.t football mesliogs, arnual meeting Epsom Club, Union 7.30 p.m.; South bsodharst Club, Shenoodooh Hotel, 8 n.m.; meotieg to form B.X K.A, Club, Porsell's Hotel, 8 p.m. ; * Weekly Mining Returns.— The returns on Saturday amounted to 41 Her The best yield* fere New Red, White and Bhi% 498’z ; Specimen . HIU, 28 \cz Now Atgn*, ‘J45iz; Lixarnt No, 1, 239ot; United Hustler* and Redan. Hustler’s Re< f ISI07 ; Johnton’* R->ef, 180oz ; Fortune Huslltr’!*, ICflo* ; Catherine Raef, 128oz t South St. Mungo, 114or. The New Red, White and Bins Co. hare a dividend of 6d (LI 125 ) Hie Great Ex. Hustler’s have made a call of Is. . Tuk (’range ok Nark.—The poll for the change of the name of the otty from Sandhurst to Dcndigo is advertised for the 28 h inaU, the polling booths b.ing tbs same as for municipal elections. Visitors to tuk Museum.—Tbs number of visitors to the muaaum last week at reported hy ihosurator (Mr. J. B. Lillie Macksy) was in th$ aggregate Or an avoragi rf tbiut 95 per day. City Police Court.— At tbs Polio* Cour' on Saturday (bafore Messrs. Ruodsll and Illing worth, JVP.) tbs ohurge ol damaging propel tv draft rrod against George Jess was dunussac. Xhf aoouitdwM be’ors tbo-eonrt on the pre vious Saturday, and as-tbs property belorgsd to his father ho was advised to Uavethe dial riot. Upon the case bring call'd It was elated that he had’gone, a *j»y. Qoopiqaeotig the caed was divuiaavd. A,wopiau named. Maria Cook' fas proceed'd against on a charged Inanlltng Behavior. CmstaUa J. RUey gave evidence that on Thursday last tbo accused was with a woman uf ,ditreputable okaiaoteroamod Bca'rico K4;m et Howard Place. She was drank, and Cook was belaboring her with an- embroils, when the witness came upon the scene. Mr. Kifby. who appeared for the accused, stated (hat bit client had acted uadergrest provbcev (ion. It appeared that the was spsakfog witty S friend when Kane approached, and having ip*t in liar attack her. The beach dft (nfsted etsc. George 8UvenssaedO.il.-; Walker to recover.LID 10* Of for money lent' end interest, at d obtained ayoydlot for IA with c 0 «ts. Deaths m Tint He spital —Thrse !death| occurred in the hospital yesterday, namely {-* John Moody, sued 72, admitted 26th March, end Mary O’flrietr, aged 67, admitted 13th March, bmh from ooniampttao ; William Wat kios, aged 70, admitted 24th January, from disease of the knee joint. Mr. Okmmkll, who was »o badly injured by the explosion S% Arblaater’a powder factory at Job’s Golly, is now improving rapidly; A Nasty Accident.— A boy named Georgq Ranrforo mat with n peoulsr accident on Satur day aftorueon. Ho I* employed to deliver wine for Mr. A. W, Fox, yignaron of Emn Creek,and on-Saterday afternoon about 5 o’clock ho drove up to the Siwndlle Hotel, Charleston Road. He lifterl op a wioker basket containing * dojr-en bottles of wine, add wss stepping from the de livery wfggonetl* when hU foot caught, and. he wee thrown forward to the ground. Several of the wfoebottioe wore broken, and the boy fall £iead foremost Into the broken gKa*. One pointed piece of glass entered hie at tbo inner angle below the right eye, cutting him ,vety badly. Ha vtr» Immedtafeiy picked np and driven to the fooldenoe of Dr. Jotyi. McIntyre Ernie, in View at. The doctor had to insert several stitches,to ofose np the wonod. Tax “ Bi'YiNQ-ooy: ’’Question.—It is evident thpt before long there will bo some change lo the (fosOnt system of ' buying out" ematrwbog owing to feeing nisehte'd by accident, (s receiving 1 eld from the Miners* Association. Many mem bers of the assoefetfo’n ere entirely against the 11 baying oat* sytfofn, end the feeling aeeme to b* g dning ground. There are four men at least la till* district who haVe been bought out and are at present working as miaefe, though by the rules Ine mere set of "buying out” precludes one from again besoming e member of the as sociation. The matter was referred (o at the special meeting of the association held on 8*tnr day night, daring a discussion on the ap plication of Mr. C. Miller to be bought out. Two speakers ware entirely against baying oat whilst Mr. Campbell said that they should look upon an Injured men With benevolent feelings, ’and If be were really in need of mobey to start a i small business they could advance him a year’4 I StATE-ncHon; B4aq*i folfolrlafwE. pofotmeots oftaaohars of Stats schools osfof lows:—Head teachers; No.Mil, Fltsruy, Quo. F. Huttos ; Hoddlo’s 'Crook, John N. hftillh ( Modewsrre, Denh P. Kelly; S«sdy Greek, Bearioe Davey; N<>. 19HS. OaWlrmpv loading Fme*% J. Mugan; Ton Mill Mali, Gilbert Smiih; Brunswick Bast, WniUiwqprhis; Btayhrook Boot*’, J, Fly; n j Gr*»tmorr, W, U; Riddell ; Kmn r Hoeetta Neylaud ; Leirh, K, li. Swan ; Piusr'a Greek, A. Kerr ; UatraWMt*- Ouim and Havelock, 81 -x. Winning. First male assistants : No. 8605, Qaflfob. W. Young; No. 2*7t>.* RUt T.lwiok, H. Hughes; No. 1467, Prehnn, Jff. Robinson. First female anjt»»*uiSJ BroniwicW Bast, M. A. Dodd ; Fryorstowu, K. H. Trodioulck. Second nt»le auUtaots: Nq. 2008, Carlton, J. Barffug ; N-». 883. Sout(\ Aarra, J. M. Uankey ; No. 1867, Richmond, E. J. Wont. Junior assistants; Moon* foods W««t, I.aura Tnlloch ; Traraljpm, H. Million ; Mount Kgerton, Jane L*k*land i,No. 773,C*«1* fljlJ, Elia Rosburg'i ; No. 2032, Port Mel bourne. Josephine Fays; Auburn, Hannah Brocket. Tun WgATtisn.—Mr W. M, Waddell’s in >t(umonti gave the following readings, yester day 9 a.iu , 70; 12 noon, 71 1 3 p.m , 72 ; 0 p.m., 61; maximum, 79 ; minimum, 6), Barometer t 0 a.m , 20680; 0 p.m 29.820. The Ballarat Tragedy. The Johueou ’tragedy ooouphd the attention of Mr. Ju doe (Wtbb,and a jury of 12 at tho BalUrat A*n()i throughout (hi whole of Friday last. Mr. J. T. ‘Smith seed a* Crown prnsrontor, and M-)»ar*. C, B, FluUveon and K P. Wynne ,'he priionrr. The same evidence at th*t tondiC’£ at tbs Uquret waa adduced, no furtin r points 8 of any groat Importance baiog rljolted by the oroai-exemination. A sister and brother of the accused, with Mis* Harvey (elrter of the late Mr*. JohUeton), and aeveral frlaodi, wan c Itod 1 to testify to lh« fact that ainoe he met wt h an accident about ten yesra ag\ by whlgh hli spin* waa Injured, J ihnaouV emduoi-’wts very erratic Mr, Smith having rep'led on nohtlf of the Crown In a temperate and legible adjn**. Hl* Honor summed up, and lip general tone of It was against the p-isone*. He c •tuiderod he was sans when hs oommUlod tbo deed ; fiat he had forged Mr. ChirotlJw’s name for several khoasaoda, sod rather than faoi the < xpoaura he bad decided So destroy hla family and himself./ (The jury retired to consider thair verdict at fire o’clock. At balf-p at eight they |it-, court, and were farther enlightened by Mir Honor as to his charge on the question of tho accused's insanity. They again mtura.d, aud Se turned Into conrt at nluc o’c'oisk with a v*r dot of guilty. When a*ked if ha had anything to say why emteiree of death ahould not be Waned; in reply he wrolo upon a *la-e, “1 ba ueve myrn-lf iunoconfc biforo Uod, and leave #ty<elf entirely in the binds of tho court." Hia Honor theo, in a moat Impressive addr«a«,p » ed formal aeutino# of death, dieca-ding the oaetom I of wearing a bliok cap. Johnston, who lay upon JatretchtC ou ttiitloa' throtgh ut tho trill, vidently roalised hia position, though the only dga hs gate of, doing so was that of fluaking whoa the erOrdiot was recorded and eentenoe - pasted. Daring the judge’* addlreae Mia* and Mr. Johnson, sister aba brother of the con demned man, were overcome, and were escorted from the ball. Johdson waa afterward* removed to tkt gaol. “Caw God br Ksown t”—This waa the eub jeot of s sermon by tho Rev. A. 8. O. James at st. Andrew’s Ohnrdh last evening in the pre sence of'one of the largest congregations that have ever uaerirbfed In the building. The grand of the remark* was that be believed in a personal Oo<f, who heard prayer and answered I), ni communion with God would nhow. God oonld certainly be known by his wopdmus Works, anti by bis many mvnifeetaiiont. He, Wat revealed by hi* ion Jcius (/h ist a id by the Bible. , ('oxorrhationai, Crirgrtii. fho K»v. o»rie Copeland, president of the (longregatiohal Christian Endeavor SM-icty, preached at tha Qoagregational Churoit last evening. He based Hia remarks upon tho words of Sr. .folio, “ Jesus Ik com*-, and cvlieth for you ” The. I preacher spoke of the aool*vy of which he was' president, and said that the object was Dipt the yonng people should atsltt in the work of dKe church. A branch of tbs society will p o bably bo formed in Sandbars*. 1 Farkwkll Sbrmov.—Tho Rev. W. Williams, V L 8 , proechoi his f-rewell a rmon last ever - ipg |q the WVeley<«n Church, Forest street. There was a Urge congregation Tho sermon oonaisted of an efo({iiont explanation of the boncdiolion of St. Paul, “The grace of the Lord Jctn* Christ, and 'hs love of God, and the communion <>f tho Holy Ghost be with you all; Amen.” -H" dealt at groat length on the Trinity,cand defined God’s grace ae something bestowed on the undeserving. The love of God ot'Old not be described. It waa to great. The communion of the Holy Ghoefe gave rett, and enabled one to put hi* trait in the Lord. The preacher drew a graphic picture <f the mnIM-- tudo b'fore the throne, and in emotional word* trnot -d to meet them all on the groat day of days. After tho s< rmon the choir tang the beautiful hymn “ May God be with you till wo meet again." Subicqucnt t> this the rev. gpntlpmfn, evideot'y maob 01l otod, exhorted ail to be true Christians, and meet in Heaven. The valedictory tea and mealing will take place to-morrow evening. Lkcal PRTK'KBPixas are to bo taken at Police Couit this week by a councillor of a neighboring ablro against another person for abuatvo word*, but the result may place a ooo* ■tab’s in a very unenviable position. Rumor says tha* oo a reoeot afterooou the oonnoMior (□ (luestlon, accompanied by a Governmaht officer, was driving to his home, when ho ovtrtook a man who accused him ('hecouncillor) of having tofd a constable that he kept person* of bva n pate up n his premises. The councillor denied, and still peraialnotly denies, that he ewer made spoh a »UtcmoDt, and iatends to find out if the allegations had their eouree with the constable, or who.her the accused waa telling an untruth. Thr Micuaxics’ Inmtitutk It not thought that the stocktaking and cataloguing ofthobioksst the Mechanics’ Institute could he completed before Tuesday, and therefore the lib a r y would have to remain clos'd un.il that time It will, however, b) open to day owing to the work having beau done in a very exp'di:iou* m iQBor by the secretary and his assistants. Miners’ Association.—Tho special mooting of members-called for Saturday night te cau. sid-r an application to be “bought oat," and also to decide upon the advisability of scribing a levy to asahi {the shearers’ strike, Wes, conse quent on the heavy rain, very poorly attended only about 23 or 24 members putting la an ap- S^t- ranee. The first basinets was Cha'hs lijlsr’s application to be bought out. Mr. M. that a committee had been ap pointed by the-general dotAmittee to' visit 1 Miller, ana they b*d fouod.hjm in a bqd condi tion. Ho had been on (be luuda for some time, and was likely to remain 90 for a long time un it's bought out. Mr. Jason, who moved (hat Milter be offered L6O, akatad shat ooe of his arnis- was antirely urippled. Mr. MIOMin seconded the motion. Mr. Campbell moved, and Mr. WsrM Nlosdtd, tbaPlni matter fay adiojkreed uot« HmiT bplf-ycerly - meeting, tr order thxf n larger niupber of" mentfakrt should bo present. The mbliovhbwever, Was okrrlad The ejJplUi»il<» pi LG. /or p doDfUos, wps ponslporsd. This eras a apejpialoa'n. JTho «Wo ha 4 Jtweu bjnxqd - ip Sandbank whits »jp«mbef«i Uiebrapch.bak weak towotit m QayfoDigglng* b»< had to leave work owing to koe injury be had iteeeiverf at Sabdfmrst; and •• going hospital hid' We. leg amputated. On tbW'Wii inkuiotj of Mr. T. Vekl; it w*s agreed tef give a onotion of L 5 Bs. Tho question of atofstlng* ie thiarers was and a fv,Gn ? ght. . Tub PoaerictiJio BdAart.—-The Pnfapko'ibg Board will commeno« their usual tqnr to-day, to takr ««id«9ps oonoerniog for tarticlpation in the vote of Tnoy will s at the Moorabbie Hotel, Knowstey, till« toorping, and at tho Heathoote Hotel, Heath dote; ItTlhf^f tornobo, > ' * i J Mbdat. from tub Paris Exhibition.—Mr: J. KsflUadk vlgntron, of Klng a str«*t, (mb re ceived from Mr. D. Gameron, the Victorian reprsxen fattvosvt the Paris Ethibhlen of ISB9. a 1 Silver medal and a osrt(fie*te for his wine exhibit, Mr. hkd sit exhibit* of wine ind with thoie ha scoured one- first priz*, hree second prizes and one th|rd prlr», or five pr'z s | >r six exhibit*, fho modal Is of very large siz \ and is bewntifuMy atamped, . ioalndkig the .name Kahlabd.” The certificate, too, I* a real 'ork of art, and the two form a very krard. ; tVs bclUve that .Mr. Qrosw, of lltra'hfielfisaye, has also received a medal aud t iilfioUi' for his wince. , Tijk DarkkmA. —The OaFfell Dramatic Com pany appeared af the Royal PHnoe«s Theatre on Saturday evening In tnS of Mr. Darrell's first produotlonv “ Transported for Lffe," a sensational four-act dr.ma. Considering the weather there was a very good ho9A», Tpe piece has been often staged In 'lte tflofc should therefore bk we{'-known Mr. Henry Hoyt Is sgain the amusing i 1 maanawV in Gerald Fftsfoy, and Messrs. D’Ornsy Ogden, Oeo Ohamj>ere, Oily' .Daerfng, Henry Power, Edwin Tom J’ntnam, Ohas. Pollard and Henry Rhine play their parte kkell. During the progress of the Elens Mrv Harry Bhioe givss an amusing song ad danoe “ Moiiarity,’ and Mla« Jenny Bryce end Messrs..Oily. Deering sod Hoyt dsatßßkjS] rollickiog Irish jig. “ Ail t'at glitter* it noli Jgbld” ie .also well aung by Mr. Gad. Darrel, With a oborns of eho whole To-night the same drama will be repeated: , Carvbrs* Wild Ambmca. Hr. W. F. pervert “Wild Amerloa,” an orgtnisa'ion now making a Uur of tho world, arrived by sptolal train on Sunday morning—of tho maoy phaecA inf Wfstero Hfo that have been shown to (h* hsbMo, net pny approach the realism of the Indian'vfrloge'in the Show Ground* which Will ho opened to the pnblle to- day. There are In the village twenty-bight of the real Sionx lodtani, pait of the trlbt which was U’oly at jwar wilrv.the United StaUis Oovpromant. Thetjf' fante ago made of canvas drawq over a ast pf poles, oleycrly arranged a) as to loeve a rent) for the smoko from their Bee*. w£loh fipy Ight inside in the cold weather ; the outside of the canvas serves for tho buffalo and plk skins of their native land is painted with all sorts-of figures, espresso ting mao' and knloala la , different. skoal lone, oxprrealve of homo evonl n tho’ livoe of' tbadweilers Ivtho i ftsntA -wi Oahrer hhooelf iikMde ObMgk fift flfc) In li brbad : the' the yqrld. Qooi iat of his I wa* that In ono week. With a rtfle flOjOOQ'Wporlcn b.lls thrown Into tbo alr.at a dl<- td|co pf forty yards. He broke 10,000 per day. Ip aJMtlo t to tho Indians ,thtroAre a Mor.'io Mt- xicauiwoßrto dewrl tics aim a numb r of Australian roojjhrld’re Tho programme consists of vivid pictures of life .or tbo plaiqs.cf Aoiotica. Thor# will bs only afternoon psif >rmauce», commenoii-g this day at four o’cloc'e. A parade will bi made through the priacipal streets at ooe o'clock. \- A ipaaiDBNCB. —Th« road to tho-oeoiroof jMltohell street, opposite the rcsldeDoe of Mr. fiirookiey, subsided on Friday cvming without ilho slightest warning. Persons In she locality Jwerc surprised to see a hole suddenly app ar la 'the centra of the road under ooe tf the tramway rails. I*. was about 30(t long and 3ft or t't [wide, running in the same, dine ion as the atreer, the deepest portion being about 3fr. Word was immediately despatched to themual fcipal aßthoriUes, aoi barriers ware placid round till! ho'c. Ou Baturday it was filled up with alate motal. ao i the read made level, it i« sup posed that an old alluvial driv-i under tho road .way collapsed, or that the ground was under inured by water daring the rcoeat heavy rains. Art OaLßßßY.— There were 700 visitor* last jwesk, more than h*lf of whom (376) attended yrsteixlay. Mssirs. Credgiogton, Hynrer, and TAddeil attended a* honorary curator*. A n imb< r of new pioturM have recently arrived, building tho t*ro presented by I’ivbops Craou and fUvdle. It will tberofore be ueo*s>afy to ro-arrangi some of the picture*, for which pur jp >*e the gill, ry will bs closed for a day Offujkii ok Uustomn. Mr. Wm. MacGregor, rulievlng sia'.ioDmister at Echuca has Imn *p pjiuted custom* officer at KehUOi in tho p ace of Mr. W. C. Waobop, wire bae left the dls trict. j Mitnicku. Anai.y«x.—Mr. R. Bloomfldd Rk», I. a 1 boeo appoint.d analyst I* the R*y (wood Borough Couooi’. Tll «i Miners and thr Sukaueils’ Strike.— A sp.-cjU mouii g of the Mluer.’ Asiociatlon held ou Saturday night to cousid r tho a J visibility of s rising a levy t) atsigt then Shearers in Q >uon»lanJ. The atUndauoo was foufieeji t>i ahput 28 peiAons. Tho j>xe*kl v l>t Mr. JJir. ifKphtrd/regfatt'd that IStrexFM tiutsla gor attendance of member'. Mr. -V. A lUiooi* g>vs his opiuico tha. the prsse ire* Sorts wore not reliable, aud thought (he pr-si «ql *h>uld make iniuirl-n to asocrtalo the true position of afftirs. He moved tb*t the BiJ.tlog be adj >uroed for a week. Thii was boc a motion by Ur. Jaaoß, seconded by Mr. J. Doherty, was carried that the meeting a jouru for a (ortnigh , the secre tary in the meantime to make fail inquiries as to the podtiou 1 f lldr#. &«Vtrel of those present thought it pc-zbablo that ths strike would bo over by ti.a'. Ic^c. Thr Urktinu of the Vine and Fruitgrowera’ A*sooiation, which Wos to have ben held .on B>tarday . aftetnooo, lapsed for want p| a quorum. Presentation. -Mr. J. A. Wbitlam, of tbo Vlaw Pdlut Hotel, was on Friday evening lost preseoted with a handiotae gold locket, s«c with diamomic, by the members of the B.U.F;H; Medical Institute and Dispensary Board, for Krvloea rendsred to Che institute. Mr. Camp bell Houston made the presentation, and the health of the recipient and suooess to the intii tuts wsre afterward* toasted at the Courthouse Hotel. Sale ok Privileges, On Friday at the Elmore stoox fair Messrs. J. J. Hayes aud Cos. sold the booth and privileges for (he Ruouymede races. The pubKcati’s bdo h was b iught by K Diok for L2o; tho right to print programme by Mr- Dunbar at L3, and tho fruit stall by Mr. Gr<goiy *l LI 7* 61. 1 PiioTooßArur Mr. 8. T. King, photo graphur of Williamson street, on BaturJay tuix ml-ted for our inspection >wo photograph* he had-secured ol Mr. J. fl. Dyer, in his costume ak Uiiiuese marshal of tiro Ksstrr Fair procas \- Mr. Dyer is re pro rented on horseback ba ope of the pictures, which are well executed and exceedingly life-like. In the other ho is re presun ci ae standing In the robes worn by hirr, apd tho photograph does credit both Cos the {diotograpbet’s' art, and Mr. Dyst’a complete ness of d< tail in his Cbineae dress. J The Pine Lodge cream -ry, huttqr apd cheese factory has boeti reglatered. ' Patent.—Mr. F, Killeen of Wyjhltel’a, baa been granted a patent for an improved wheel for buggies and other road vehicles. Gross Ausvui.t on a Guild.—John Wilson, a! tniddh'-aged mao, was SeuVnord to death on Saturday at the B JUrat~Assiz;a for commit* tfog a criihlaol atatnlb on a girl six years old, named Adelaide Sarah Sheppard. Two pre vious convictions Were acknowledged to by the PfisoQor, he ha ring served 10 years, wi.lt two flpggibgs, and six minths for similar offeohes. TußHßare now three condemned pcisjnsr* in the Ballarat Gaol ; charg- and with murdering a follow prisoner in the Himil ton Gaollt James Johnstone, et< ck agent, sen- for the wilful murder of ItLr wife ; aud Jphn Wilson, for outraging a lit.lo girl of six ybars 'The attention of our lady rcad«,s '* direoted t > ap ai\eriisoment in another column by which Metsrs lionder.oa and Goodruon, of The Beehive announce that for tho fa*uro thi highest oparge (or m-kiog coe'umos at their re. tah ish rent will bs 1 s 6J, notwt'h*'ann iig that the material nay be of she ot oioesr cl/th or silk. The pri~e for ma’ting op the mor* com non mat/f.al aid children’* dremes will ba madep-opo.'l-ooato'jr low, , ,Thi aunuol coaoerl aad dance of th • Long Gaby Fire Urgadj wdl take pl.co on Monday, 20-h irs\ ■ M'. M'JJI im, gunsorit'', of Wrllix-naon street, iqnowthowing in his window portion pf a gun bp'rol exhtb ting how the tv*at brrrelh male. A pow Jer-te ting ntaoniLe i« also shown,likewise a mm which bll been ipxnaly ordered for Mr. L’Huillier. toe well-known, pigeon shooter. !Oo 18 h in*t, Immediately after Mr. Bra Idisb’s •a’e, Mrsira Mocpherson, Sternberg an 1 (Jo. w.H a villa residence an 1 land in Larritt street, rmder in* ructions frem Mr. Bt-ffey. I To-d-iy at eleven o'clock Mfctrs. Andrew and P '., H»rgreavcs s(reo> r w.H hold a Urge ** eof furniture and r llootr, tool <d mg, an jxoa-framei pl»ao. Mr. Samuel Btskle, draper pf Pall Mall, notifies having sil'odii aituma ail winter go >d*. Mr. J. Mocdy, watchmaker. Glaring Crosi, Hae a large au rrimont of watobei froqj LI tp Ls>. eli advertise l as rHtable. At Motfekieon U>day MesaiK J. Ht Trijue W II 20,000 fir>t cla*s Kivorma sheep. T Panton’s Prdhhdtd nfim and maoninary, Epsom, 4*ll be acid ( -Say by-the ahenfl'e officer. 