^ -.r. ' WA YSIDE A OTES. If- if'; : V ? : ; j ?v^Th!cti hitherto impregnable ? Yack. J has „ been ^t last, stormed.^y a. -the,'. SaivS.ti6n ;,'r 'blast' of trumpets and ii'ombqhes *'annouhced their arrival on Monday evening. They paraded by . the town headed by a captainess (I suppose that is feminine gender), and then came the brass band. That trombone, however, might fcaye smashed several windows, it was so loud and strong. * * * The meeting throughout was very orderly, aud at the conclusion the Captain paid a tribute of their ap preciation. Tbey had received a rather discouraging description of Yackandandah, and came prepared for a proper ' gruelling.' But they were pleasingly disappointed, * * * * The town of Bright must be a notch j lower in the estimation of the Harmy, i judging by the following that ap peared in the War Cry : — The author of the paragraph is 'Major Graham : — ' Bright well deserves its name' so far as its natural beantv is concerned. It is a lovely spot, from which two valleys branch out — to Harriet ville and Wandiligong respectively ; bnt spiritually and morally, it can be made much brighter, when righteousiicss, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost take the place of gambling and drunkenness, which are two of its characteristic sins. We could not engage the Pub lic Hall for our meeting, the price being far too high; so we took the open-air, and had a good crowd, who became a little boisterous at times, and treated us to a few stones and kicks, besides giving us 12s 3d fire away. We hit out hard at the drink devil. One publican informed Mrs Graham that he would have us driven out of Bright in a few weeks. How the devil tears a man in whom he lives 1 I would not be much sur prised to hear of that man's con version. fie would make a good local drummer. # * # ; Hares ! Hares ! ! — In some of the j Western districts the cry was rabbits, j bnt the hares are beginning to prove : just as troublesome — and perhaps more so. The hares make tracks through standing crops, and where they are plentiful the crops suffer greatly. In some parts of New South Wales hares are very plentiful. We notice that a company is to start in Sydney for freezing hares and exporting them to London. One of the firm of Messrs Hudson's Brothers was in Goulbourn last vreek making arrangements for the supply monthly of 1000 dead hares. It is the inten tion of the firm to freeze these in Sydney and transmit them to London, partly in the execution of an order and partly as an experiment. It is probable that an effort will be made to establish meat-chilling works in Goulbourn. # * * Rev. Phillip Moses is making a town of Bright district as phrenolo gist Optician, &c.; We recently had Mr Moses in Yackandandah in con nection with the Equitable Life Insurance Co. # * * The ' Daily Telegraph' states that Sir Charles Dilke has received a letter from Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, ex pressing a complete belief in his in nocence of the charges brought against him m the divorce suit Craw ford v. Crawford and Dilke. Sir Henry also hopes that Sir Charles Dilke will be successful in his at tempt to re-enter Parliament, from which lie has been excluded since the trial of the divorce. What a thing idle talk is ! Both Parkes and Dilke have had the misfortune to get a good share of it in this world, and it is no wonder that there is a sympathetic cord in the heart of Sir Henry for his friend Sir Charles. * # * The Union Congress at Ballarat are evidently of opinion that unionism is at last predominant in our factories. Their latest praposal might seem a good idea to themselves, but how manufacturers, &c.;, will regard it is a different, thing. They propose regis tering a tr&de-union; mark, which they intend to place upon all goods, if they are able, which are manufactured m Australian workshops worked under the eight hours' principle. The mem bers of the Congress think that there will be strong competition among employers for the right of using it, as the right is only to be granted for six months at a time. What is the object of this trade-mark. We presume it is to enable trades-Unionists to more easily boycott than at present. In the future it will be ' Please for a tin of union jam,'- ' Please for a loaf of 8 A. U. bread, and so on. The Congress expects that the employer will lie forced to go hat in hand to the employees to ask for a trades-union mark. The scheme is meant to do away entirely with freedom of con tract, and is only another step by trades-unions to try and bring capital under their heel. If the trades unions combine to ensure that goods will not be sold without the stamp, we suppose that the employers will have to combine to ensure that their goods will be sold withou t the trade mark. * * ' ... * ?? For a day or two there was much excitement at the Stock Exchange, owing to a boom in the Bear Hill silver shares, which went up to 45s and over. It soon subsided, however. It proved to be the operation of a ring. Most of the ''spec' sellers have effected delivery of their shares but in some cases an arrangement between buyers and sellers has been necessary. * * * On Tuesday Joseph Cheehab, the Assyrian, was sentenced to death for shooting at Ms partner with murderous intent. 