ELFIE'S CHRISTMAS EVE WITH THE FAIRIES. - By Lisa Srccomp.k. . It was the afternoon of the 21th December. ' Outside, a dreary winter day, with leaden sky, snow covered earth, :iud a melanoholy wind sighing among the. leaHess branches. Inside, a long, cold schoolroom, with eight large win dows ou one side, looking into a garden covered with Know: a hare and desolate looking apart ment, maue still more so by the tiny, white-faced figure, huddled up by tlie side of a fire not quarter big enough to warm such a room. And yet, when filled with pupils at their respective tasks, all busy .',ud cheerful, preparing their lessons, one would have admired its noble pro portions, and said how well ventilated and com modious it was, and what lucky girls the pupils were who could study amid such surroundings. ' One lonely chilil sitting by the fere.' ? But on this day; almost the eve of Christmas, with that one lonely child sitting by the fire, all one could think about was its loneliuesB and desolation. Elfie Graham, the little girl sitting so discon solately there, had been for nearly a year a pupil at this school. She had arrived one cold January day, and the icy atmosphere had seemed to numb her heart so that it had never been warm since. Ellie had come from a home where, for seven years, she had known nothing but sunshine, aud all the comforting surroundings of a devoted mother's love. Ever since her babyhood, Elfie and her mother had been all iu all to each other; they were together all day — from early morning, when Elfie would run about among the ilmvei'3 in the garden by mother's side ; through the mid-day hours by the sparkling summer sea, until the dusk of evening, when Ellie would fall asleep with mother crooning some old ballad, or teliiug over again some well-known fairy tale. Even in the night, Elfie s little hand would often find its way into mother's, as she lay iu her cot by the aide of mother's bed. When Elfie was a little more than seven years old, her mother was compolled to leave Eugland - for a time, and go a long journey to Teheran, in Persia. The whole future of Elfie and herself depended ou her taking this journey ; and as it is a very difficult and wearisome one at the best of times she was compelled to leave Elfie behind her. 'Only for a time, my darling ; as short a time as possible,' she said, holding Elfie to her in pas sionate embrace. The parting between Elfie and her mother wa9 too sad even to think about ; and then Elfie went to pass the time of her mother's absence in this highly recommeuded, and in every way superior, school, whore there were about a hundred girls of all ages from ten to eighteen. Elfie was younger than any who had before been admitted into it, but by the influence of some friends of her father's (who had died when she was a few weeks old) had been brought to bear on the Principal, and this, with liberal terms, had procured for Ellie her entrance into the school. Poor Elfie was not a favourite with anyone. None of the governesses, from the auBtere head down to the moat frivolous pupil teacher, under stood the child. She was quick and obedient, and EossesBed, as Miss Jemima Leslie, the auBtere ead mistress, used to say, ' An ayerage intelli gence.' But she was always in disgrace : lessons badly learnt, sums 'wrong. Elfie was not a greater favourite with her fellow pupils than with her governesses. The frivolous ones hated her for her quiet ways, her pretty olothes, and for her grave face and wondering eyes, when in playtime they talked their common-place sohool-girl chatter. Elfie belonged to a different world to the one in whioli they existed ; and among these good natured but utterly material creations, she was like a being who had strayed into some unfamiliar country, so that her daily life was one irksome round in whioh the hours of play were more hateful than those of work. _ She used to wander about the gardens like a little ghost. At last she tried to make friends with the birds. Every morning she saved some bread from her breakfast to give them when the hour for reoreation eame, and all the pupils were sent out into the garden ; but she got a bad cold lingering there in the damp one wet day, bo her going out was prohibited, and she had to amuse herself indoors during play-time aB beBt she could. Mrs. Graham having no friends in England, Elfie's holidays had to spent at school. The summer ones were net so bad : she had the big beautiful garden all to herself, aud used to sit for hours under a fine old cedar, and long for mother to be beside her ; she longed, too, for some of her books of fairy stories which Miss Jemima had sternly confiscated when her boxes were first unpacked. Now the winter had brought the Christmas holidays, and Elfie's thoughts went back over the past long dreadful year as she sat alone by tlie fire. Not a sound was to be heard in the big silent house. The servants were all in the warm comfortable kitohens below, enjoying Christmas fare, and preparing for greater festivity on the morrow, as Miss Jemima's departure had caused a relaxation of the reins of discipline not muoh appreciated there. Elfie's solitary dinner was long ago over, and she sat in the gathering dusk gloomy and sad, wishing the good fairieB would bring mother to her, or take her somewhere where mother was, she did not care which ; only to feel herself iu mother's arms again. She was feeling more miserable and lonely than she had ever done before, when some impulse urged her to go and look out of one of the windows. n The dog talcing El fit'* dress in hi* teeth.' Running about in the auow, she saw a pretty little black dog He had a head like a tiny fox, and his tail curled up over his back iu the'niost delightful fashion ; his eyes were the softest, kindest-looking dog's eyes that Elfie had ever seen. He had a red collar round his neck, to whioh three little tinkling silver bells , wore attached. Ho ran to and fro, not as if ho were lost, or unhappy, but rather as if he were looking for someone he had been sent to fiud. ' He wants me ; I am sure lie does,' said Elfie to herself. ' I must go to him ; perhaps the good fairies have sent him to me to tuke me to mother.' She opened the heavy window with some diffi- j oulty, and orept out. The keeu, frosty air t almost took her breath away lor a moment, but the little dog began.to dance around her, and to kiss her hands and feet, and to show bo much pleasure in receiving tile caresses Elfie was only too rearlv to bestow on him, that Elfie forgot all about l lie cold ; her heart seemed warm for the firsttime since she had beeu encircled by mother's arms. Presently, the little dbg seemed to be asking .f,.'0 1,0111(3 away with him. , Elfie was quite willing, so they ran through the garden, and out at a little gate used only by 'the gardeners at their work. , 'fhey crossed two fields, when the little dog (who had all the -time kept just in front of Elfie), stopped at the door of au old tool house, and began to bark and scratch as it he wanted to be let in. The door -immediately Was opened from tlie inside by unseen hands, and the dog, taking Elfie's dress in his teeth, pulled her in with hiraT The branches of a tree which had been cut down, were thrown in one corner. Elfie seated herself on one of them, and the little dog jumped into her lap. '_01i, you darling,' said Elfie, ' you do love me a little, don't you ? Well', you stay with me always; you can sleep in my bed all night, and I will bring you food, and when I am doing my lessons I. will make you a lovely warm nest in my big fur rug, and we will never part again.' The little dog kissed her hand as if he said, 'Yes, please,' to everthing, and ourled himself up in her lap in perfect content. They had only sat thus for a few moments, when Elfie felt a strange sensation ; her hard seat beoame a soft, cosy chariot, and she was whirled in it through the air' at wonderful speed. The sensation- was a delightful one. After a.time the chariot stopped, and Elfie, with the little dog by her side, stepped out in the middle of a more beautiful garden than any Elfie had ever seen before. In it was growing every flower you could wish for: lilies of all kinds; roses, deep crimson and the palest pink, big yellow ones, aud white; fragile darlings, that seemed to be hiding among their dark green waves. There were carnations of rosy hue, and big myrtle trees white with blossom. Hundreds of other flowers grew there whose names' Elfie did not know, and all were in the perfection of beauty ; butterflies of the most brilliant colours flitted from flower to flower. High above Elfie's head were lofty trees, whose tall trunks were covered with mosses and creeping plants, while birds of gay plumage made sweet music from every bough. Before her was a lake, which sparkled in the lovely light, which was not that of sun or moon, but something more beautiful than either. On its calm surface, pure water lilies rested ou their dark green leaves. As Elfie gazed on all this wondrous vision of beauty, she heard other music than that of the birds approaching, and soon a crowd of lovely beings came towards her. Ellie had often dreamed about the fairies, aud longed to see them, and somehow she know that these before her were some or the beings of whom Shakos peare had written, and mother had read to her in the happy days that seemed so long ago. Two tiny sprites advanced towards her and took her hands ; to her surprise she found herself just as tiny as they were. They led her to one who was more beautiful than all the others, and who held out loving arms to her. ' Come to me, Elfie,' she said, and Elfie nestled in a tender embrauce. Surrounded by these loving arms, Elfie watched the fairies dance in perfect ecstasy, as they whirled round and round to perfect music, all dressed in green, gold, white or silver, with their hair streaming behind them like a golden cloud. How long this lasted Elfie never knew. Then the fairy queen, with Elfie still in her arms, stepped into one of the pleasure barges which suddenly appeared on the beautiful lake. A silken sail was spread, and the boat glided ou over the shining water. They seemed to ha going on for ever so long, when they came to a marble palace from whose turrets raug out a peal of silvery bells. ? ? Surely it was a familiar chime. ' Peace on earth, good will among men,' raug the bells, just as they had rung a year ago, before that awful parang with mother, and going to school where no one loved or wanted Elfie. Louder and clearer raug the bells, tighter grew* the embrace of the loving arms, as kisass were rained down on the small white face. ' Tighter grew the embrace of loving arms.' ' Elfie, Elfie, my darling,' said a well remem bered voioe, ' mother has come baok, never, to leave her treasure again.' Elfie opened her wondering eyes. Was she still in fairy land? or better still, was this really mother in whose arms she was folded, while the Christmas bells rang out with ever increasing joy? 'Mother, mother,' was all she could say, as the small armB clung passionately round the well loved form. 'How came my little Elfie in this dreadful place,' aBked mother ; ' we have been looking for you for hours, and should not have found you even uow but for the barking of your little dog.' ' What a dear little fellowlie is,' continued Mrs. Graham, stooping to pat the dog, who was jump ing about in a state of intense delight. 'Yes,' Baid Elfie, ' he came to mo from fairy land, and took me back there with him. And mother I have seen such beautiful things, and heard such lovely music. All the fairies are sweet and good, just as you used to tell me they were, but nothing is as nice as having you with me again.' As she paused Jbreathleaa for joy, the bells again rang out their Christmas greeting. ' Mv Elfie. it is liearlv Christ, inns inni'iiine ' said Mrs. Graham. ' Come, we must liasteu baok to my hotel, and then to bed. I will send j for your things to-morrow.' ' But this little dog,' said Elfie, ' must ho go baok to fairyland, or may he come with us 'He shall come with ub now,' Baid Mrs. Gra ham ' and unless we can fiud his owner he shall stay with you always.' ' No'ono owns him but the fairies,' answered j Elfie, ' and they are too good — they will never take him away from me.' I Elfie and her mother spent their Christinas day iu a comfortable home-like hotel, aud a perfectly happy one it was. They remained there a few days, and made all enquiries for the owner of the little dog, whom : Ellie had christened Sprite, but no one ever j claimed him, so Elfie took him home. , Elfie and her mother were never parted agaiu ; ! but when she was a woman with her own little ! children clustering round her knees, as thev sat by the Christmas fire, Elfie used to tell them the j story of her lonely Christmas eve, when the | kindly fairies sent little Sprite to bring her to i them in that beautiful laud which, I hope, we may all enter some day. Mil. Sivit.iiii' came down .stairs to a ten o'clock | lireakfiisl willi a vacant countenance mid a backward tendency in iho hair that, made his two eyes nclie. He sat down lit the table, and picking up a knife and fork, glnred in an uneasy wonder at something iu the platter before liiui. Il had evidently been fried in butter, and was intended for food. Mr. Setemup har pooned it with his fork and lifted it up bodily, gazing at it. with eve|--iiicrcjising wonder. ' What under tho sun,' he exclaimed at last, ' is this thing ? ' ' Well,' replied his patient wife, with just, a shadow of a sigh, ' it looks like your soft felt h.it, and that is what I think it was, but you pulled it out of your pocket when von came home this morning and said it was a porler- hoiiM' steak, and you wanted it broiled for breakfast. Von needn't, give me any of it, I'm not hungry.'' Aud Mr. Setemup, who was just wild to know what cl*e ho said when he came home, and what time it was, for the life of him didn't dare to ask. An old lady hearing Home one say that the mails were irregular, remarked: 'It was just so in my young days -110 trusting in any of 'em.' ' ] 