p £'£--?- - '??~ar' I.- ... — !-r-r»T!- ? r ? ' ?.'ijMto S T« #RTS. ]h Thb^wo girls had walked on with Mr. ? PccMviiv'who was apparently amusing them considerably, judging from the shouts of lauirhter heard in the dis tance. Jack most dutifully escorted his mother. _ 'What a conceited ass that fellow Percival is 1' I remarked to my com panion.. {Then remembering it was bad form to comment on my fellow guests* tb: the daughter of my host, I added, * I trust he is no great friend of yours, Miss Harcourt ?' ' On the contrary, I dislike him more'tlian any man I ktiow,' she re plied, with unusual warmth. Her tone was ordinarily so gentle that I looked up surprised. ' Please don't set me down as a very unaiiniable person. There are not many persons I dislike.' ' I could never think of you as any thing buF what is sweet and womanly,' I replied earnestly. ' If you are going to flatter me, Cajptain Harrington, I shall have to run away. I think that is one reason why I dislike Mr. Pereival — he would pay tne compliments.' *But I am such an old friend. ??Oh,.yes; you were 60 land to me in my -school-days. I have a lively re collection of the delicious chocolate creams and other sweets with which you sent me back ladon to school.' We talked over old days and scenes until we reached the house. That nighc, when I retired to my room, I felt a strange disinclination to go to bed. Some subtlo influence for which I could; not -account seemed to compel me to assume the same position by the fire which I had done the pre ceding night. Again I dropped asleep, but this time I awoke with the consciousness that I was not alone. I glanced round the room. A pecu liar misty light seemed to envelope the door of the boudoir. Gradually it cleared, and I saw the outline of a human form — a slender, girlislj^figure.rc^3i6^l*aiEes»TOre dirtt and indistinct, . like a half-developed photograph, but the whole figure, par ticularly the graceful poise of the small head, seemed strangely familiar to me. . Suddenly it threw up its hands witn a gesture of despair, and glided into the boudoir. I tried to follow, but I had lost all power of movement. I heard heavy feet in the adjoining room, and the noise of a struggle ; ' then a choking sound, half-sob, half groan. A wild, unearthly shriek ran through the room, and a sound as if someone had flung herself from the window, this being followed by a dull thud upon the ground beneath. * My blood seemed to freeze at the appalling cry. . To me it seemed the concentrated anguish of a lifetime. ? I rushed to the table and struck a light, for, with* strong effort of will, I had recovered my power of action. 7 At the- same instant X heard Jack!s voice calling out, in an excited tone, ' 'Harrington 1 Harrington !' l:'. I opened the door. ' !-\ There stood Jack, bis usually florid V face blanched with terror. wi « Did you hear that shriek ?' I asked, ? as quickly as I could. 'n'')i'-*Ies; and as I opened my door, I .?.saw, -two men carrying away what looked like a dead- body ! They had reached the end of the corrider, and I '' could not see jdStineElyfP he-replied. £??;'# jliss*- Harcbu'rt will be terribly V iilarmed if she has seen or heard any ' thing !JI'exclaimed, anxiously. ''Q'f?X, will; call .out and see if she is ^iftwake,' said her brother. 1 -Going to the door of her room, he \- 'called but, 'Alice?' ? : No'aiiBwer. l , He called again — louder. 'Still no reply. . \ * 1 ican't understand it,' he said sjlifhflj |s Such a )igh$ sleeper. She, 'yipqust have awoke at that awful £--i&uiekJ;'li ?? : ?? - - . ?''???? ' ? ir^j^oa-the young fellow gave an in ^lttntary' shudder. ' 'I wonder if^teg^inftiBNwrpagt I -will just peep jf'M^feflf line jis He opened th|» dotwf- gepi^y/ and glanced in. W^§&clamai;i)on.;of alarm escaped him,! and he rushed ini Alice lay; close to the door in a. dead faint Hastily snatching up a thick shawl, he threw it round her, and bore her out into the corridor. There was not a vestige of colour in her face, and a look of intense horror overspread it. Half-way up the passage was an old . sofa. Jack laid her down gently upon it, and then stood looking on with an expression of helpless perplexity. ' Had I not better summon Miss Harcourt's maid?' I asked. ' It would be useless. Not a servant would venture this .side of the house after, ten o'clock, and if it gets ' wind that we have 'seen or heard the ghost, not oue of them will remain another hour in the place. So we must keep the whole business dark, if possible. Fetch some water, there's a good fellow. We must try and bring her round. I strode into my room, and brought a tumble of water. Jack took it from me, and was about to dash the whole of its contents over the face and head of the uncon scious girl. ' Gently, man ! ' I cried. ' You will give her her death of cold. Kneeling down beside her, I bathed her forehead. After a few moments she opened her eyes, and as they fell upon me she uttered a faint exclamation, then gave a conclusive shudder, and closed her eyes again. W ' Are you better, Miss Harcourt ? ' I asked, anxiously, taking the cold little hand in mine. It was as cold as death, and its touch' reminded me of the small, soft hand which had clasped my own the preceding night. At the sound of my voice she opened her eyes. Half-raising herself, she scanned me eagerly, and a look of relief passed over her face. After a few minutes she was able to sit up. ? What frightened you, Alice ? Did you see or hear anything ? ' asked her brother. .,, ?' I heard the Jiost awful shriek ; and — and — oh ! I can't talk about it ! ' Here the poor girl turned so deadly pale that I involuntarily put out my arm to support her, thinking she was going to faint again ; at the same time f gave Jack a warning look. 'You have been terribly alarmed, Miss Harcourt ; but ten chances to one it will turn out that we have been the victims of some hoax. I should not wonder if your cousin Jessie was at the bottom of the plot, and at the present moment she is probably enjoy ing a good laugh at our expense.' Alice shook her head. ' She would be afraid to try a trick of that kind,' she said. ' Beside ? ' Here she stopped short, and glanced at me with the same terror-stricken, wistful look I had remarked when she first recovered consciousness. ' We can't remain here all night,' said Jack, at length. ' I don't expect Alice will caie to go back to her room after the scare she has had. I vote we spend the rest of the night in the little ante-room adjoining your room, Harrington.' We will try our hands at lighting a fire. Alice will perish with cold if she remains here longer.' The poor girl was still enveloped in the shawl in which her brother had hastily wrapped her, but she was barefooted, and it was bitterly cold. 'Go and put on some. warm wraps, Alice. Take the light, and we will keep watch outside your door until you are ready, bo don t be alarmed. Oh, you have no shoes ! I'll carry you back. He caught up the slight figure in his arms, and deposited her inside her room. I took advantage of her absence, to exchange my dressing-gown for my usual morning attire, when I rejoined Jack. He said, ' Alice is afraid the mater would be angry if she sat up ail night with us. The old lady is a great stickler for the proprieties. After all, it is not quite the correct thing, so I told Alice I would do watch-dog and sleep on the sofa outside the door. The poor child haS.bad such a terrible fright it would be cruel to leave her quite aloneifsmdvl^nhear ber -4f she calls out^To^onW F41 speak to ikp mater, anjl JjfTl her, to ;,g|ve ? Alice father's d|essW-room. I 'say, ; Dick,1 he contSuea,Tlo-wering his voice, 'what is !t^ Wei have' all seen and heard something. If only one of us had done so, it might have been treated as an hallucination, . , But all three of j us could not be equally deluded.' ; \- 'It is impossible at present to un ravel the mystery,' I replied, thought fully. ' It is not ray first ghostly ex perience in this house.' And I related to him my adventure the preceding night. 'I thought at first,1 I con cluded, 'that you and your cousins had been playing me a trick.' ' It is very' strange. Don't breathe a word about it to anyone. Alice, of course, will tell the mater ; but uobotly else must know anything about it.' I looked at my watch ; it was past three o'clock. ? I will turn in, 1 think. Call me if you want me.' The next day, to my utter astonish ment, I received a note from my uncle, saying he had just heard that I had returned from India, and would like to make my acquaintance, and if I would luuch with him that afternoon he would send a horse for me. I accepted the invitation. I was agreeably surprised to find in him not the stern, cynical recluse I expected to meet, but a courteous, well-bred man, between fifty and sixty years of age. Sorrow and ill-health had prematurely aged him ; but in his youth he must have been a remarkably handsome wan. He asked me many questions about my own affairs, and about my friends, the Harcourts. ' I hear Miss Harcourt is very much admired,' said he. ' Yes ; and she is as sweet and as good as she is pretty. The poor people round the Hall look upou her as a sort of divinity. She spends half her time among them, comforting them in their troubles, and ministering to their wants.' « Then she is not one of your young ladies of the period V ' Heaven forbid !' Be looked at me curiously, with a half-smile. I was vexed with myself for having been betrayed into such unnecessary warmth. I added, ' She is very quiet and re tiring, and does not care much for so ciety.' ' There I sympathize with her. My health of late years has been very in different . that I have had to give up going out into society, or entertaing my friends, with the exception of one or two, who, like myself, keep early hours, and whose tastes and habits resemble my own. I have not taken you through my picture gallery yet,' he continued. ' I have a fine collection of paintings. Li my young days I spent much time and money in the selection of good pic tures.' Many of them were indeed gems of art, and. I expressed my admiration of them freely. My uncle looked gratified, for paint ings were his hobby. ' Miss Harcourt would admire your pictures. She is an artist herself in a small way.' ' You must bring her and her bro ther over to see them. There are some other young people staying in the -house,' are there not?' ' Yes, two cousins, the Misses May burn.' ' Ah, I have heardof them — rather fast young ladies, eh? Well, nc\'er mind. To-day is Wednesday. Sup pose you young people make up a party and drive over on Friday to see my pictures, and lunch with me afterwards? I will write to Mrs. Harcourt, apologize for not having called on her on the score of my ill health, and ask her if she will kindly chaperon the young ladies ; that will be the correct thing. You can't see anything more to- day ; -the light is bad. I never like to exhibit my pictures in a barl light. People cannot appreciate them.' Soon after this I took leave, my ?uncle shaking me cordially by the hand, and saying he should be de lighted to see me ?whenever I liked to come over. »* ?'' :; ' 1 a *I jWiH;: place 'gone of my .horses at p-ur jjiltipos&V; gwdJie. 'I suppose they Stave |?Ja sbare^ft^ll in, the manor lstablja.f-% f% .Llv; | *?;: ' V On : any return t met the three just .descending from the waggonette. They had been to the neighbouring town on a shopping excursion. - 'Well, Captain Harrington, have you actually returned alive from the Ogre's Castle V said Jessie. ' Yes ;' he is not at all a bad sort of ogre. He wants us all to drive over on Friday, and see his pictures, and lunch with him afterwards. ' I am sure I have no objection, pro vided you will guarantee he will not lunch off me.' ' You would be a plump, tempting little morsel, Jessie, to anyone with a taste for cannibalism.' ?Don't be rude, Jack. It is more than anybody could say of you. You are nothing but gristle.' ' Muscle, my sweet cousin — muscle. Loarn to call things by their proper names.' ' Tlip.n I should call vou a bear.' ' Take care, Jessie ; bears can hug.' ' But they have to catch their vic tims first' And, springing past him, she flaw upstairs, nearly knocking over her, aunt, who was quietly decending. ' My dear Jessie, what is the mat ter 1 What is the meaning of this un lady-like haste V ' It's all Jack's fault, aunt ; he is always luring me into all kinds of mis behaviour, and he is such a poor thing, he goes off and leaves me to bear the bin me.' 'And what my dear 1 ' 'A poor thing. Aunt, did you never hear the expression ? ' (' How her education must have been neglected ! ' said the audacious girl in an aside to her cousin Jack, as Mrs. Harcourt turned round for a moment.) ' I must really beg, my dear Jessie, that you put a stop to such improper language. In ray young days, young ladies never knew slang ! ' And the worthy lady swept into the dining- room, whilst the hardened offender, with a hideous grimace at JackjMvent to her own room. Alice's face had brightened at the mention of the picture- gallery, and said, ' I have always had a great wish to see Sir William Harrington's pic tures. I have heard so much about them'.' 'I do not think you will be dis appointed.' ' You were pleased with your visit ?' ' Greatly so. My uncle is very dif ferent from what I expected. He ix highly cultivated ; indeed, the best portion of his life has been devoted to tho study of art.' That night I slept the sleep of the just ; neither ghostly sight nor sound disturbed my rest. Alice had moved into her father's dressing-room, much to the old gentle man's scorn, for he had no faith in ghosts, and did not relish having to give up his rooms, eiren to his dearly loved daughter. PART II. The next day my uncle wrote a po lite note to Mrs. Harcourt, who will ing agreed t'i chaperon the pirty. The drive through the clear, frosty air was delightful, though somewhat cold. Sir William welcomed us with old fashioned courtesy, and conducted us himself to see the pictures. He seemed greatly taken with Alice, pointing out to her the beauties of some of the masterpieces, and listening with evident pleasure to her remarks. . 1 wandered on a short distance from the others, and paused before a picture of Andromeda chained to a rock. It was a wonderfully realistic paint ing. The artist had depicted to the verv.life the utterable horror ; and, de spair on the fair, girlish face as she watched the gradual advance of the monster, eager to seize his prey. From the other direction, unseen by Andromeda, hovers aloft the figure of Perseus, with stern, compressed lips, and vengeance in his eye, holding on high his shield with the terrible head of the Gorgon Medusa. I was roused from my contemplation of Andromeda by ati ej£clauia^oafrpm Jessie Maybum£j | X^pC ? ''' . \1' 'Alice, do come here! Isn't this picture of a cavalier like Captain Har rington f : )\\\ ' j *?' ._??.;_' Alice joined her cpusin; but, as she glanced, at the picture, she grew deadly palej\andvturheaTjastfly jiway, . 'Yes; very like,' she * 'replied.:' But her voice sounded strangely un natural. Curious to see what had moved her feelings so strongly, I joined the group. Jessie looked from the picture to me. ' Why, it is the very counterpart of Captain Harrington. He might have sat for the portrait. 'Sir William,' she cried, as; my uncle and Mrs. Harcourt came up at that moment, -'isn't this Cavalier the image of your nephew ?' Sir William examined the picture through his glasses. ? There certainly is a remarkabls re semblance. Now I cotne to think of it, he is an ancester and namesake of yours, Richard ; but I hope you will not meet with the same tragic fate,' he added with a smile. 'What was that?' 'The story runs that young Sir Richard Harrington, who. was a, staunch Royalist, fell in love with a young lady, the dangh:er of a country gentleman, who took the side of the Puritan party in the Civil War, and who would not hear of her marriage with one whom he looked upon as a ?♦son of Belial.' The unhappy .pair could only meet by stealth. At last tho girl was persuaded by her lover to ily with him. But their plans were discovered, and the unfortunate young Cavalier was murdered by the rela tions of the girl he loved ; and she in despair put an end to herself.' I looked at Alice. Her eyes were fixed o:i my face with the same ex pression of terrified apprehension. I remarked, when she first recovered consciousness the night of our ghostly adventure, not a vestige of colour re mained in her checks. I went up to her, and said in a low voice, ' Hiss Harcourt — Alice ! — I fear you are ill !' ' It is nothing,' she replied, recover ing herself with a great eflort. 'You will think -me very weak and silly, but my nerves were terribly shaken the other night, and I have not yet got o/er the shock.' ' What was it you saw ? Do not be afraid to tell me. Perhaps our ex periences may have been the same.' ' I will tdl you some other time. I feel as if I could not talk about it at present.' After an excellent lunch we all wan dered about the spacious grounds. Alice seemed unusually silent and out of spirits, and pleading fatigue, re turned almost immediately to the drawing-room. Before we left, Sir William put into Alice's hands a small exquisite picture of the Madonna. ' My dear young lady,' said he, 'your remarks about my pictures showed me that you have a true ap preciation of art. Will you do me the favour of accepting this small picture as a memento of your visit V Alice glance at her mother, bub meeting with no disapproval in Mrs. Harcourt's eye, she thanked my uncle gracefully and naturally for his gift. Sir William expressed a hope that this visit would not be our last, and that on the next occasion he should have the pleasure of seeing Mr. Har court as well. Days passed. Every hour that I passed in the society of Alice Harcourt convinced me that she was the only girl I should ever care for sufficiently u- make my wife. That she was not indifferent to me I lelt convinced by many subtle signs which only the eye of love could delect, for her manner of late had grown much more reserved. My visit was drawing to a close. So, after consulting my uncle, and meeting with unqualified approval, I determined to speak to Alice's father, and gain his consent to win my darl ing. Every Benedickt knows what an ordeal is that interview ' in the study with papa.' I stated my errand as clearly and briefly as. possible. (To be Continued.) ToOvkbooke Wbaxsbss.— Pepper's Quinine andiron Tonio gives New Life, Appetite, Health, Strength, Energy. Cures Neural gia, IndiKeolion, Nerve Debility. Specially useful in hot, depressing climated or'miiarions dls|riotB, Everyone phuuldiceep npAteagth i ty tatnn'gr Pepper'* Quinine^ the world-known ISnglish; Tonic. Bottle everywhere. To Cube Skin Dxskasbs. — Sulpholine ' Lotion quickly, driven a wiiy_ Eruptions, Pimples, Blotches, Redness, Eczema, Acne, Disfigurements, RoughDpH'v and Scurf ,; &o.;, . leaving a clear, spotless Skin and beautiful Complexion. ' Sulpholine' Is a necessity for the Skiu, especially in hot climates. Made n London. Sold everywhere. 