SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (FEOM A LONDON CORRESPONDENT. ) LONDON, Jolt 3. , There is no question but that the Prince of Wales has been mode thoroughly miserable by hiB 8hare in the baccarat scandal. He has been yearning for some sort of rehabilita tion, and this he has received, in no un grudging spirit, from the upper classes. Un fortunately the people who are " endorsing " hi'm (as the Americans Bay) are not the people who have condemned him. For example, at the levie on Saturday, every officer of the household cavalry, who was not out of the kingdom, or ill, filed past him. It was a brave Bight to see, and it generated a feeling of solemnity, nay, of pathos, in the on-lookere; but if the same number of Baptist ministers had made their bow to him it would have been vastly more significant from a public point of view. It is His Royal Highness's wish for the present that his name should be publicly,associated only with those of patrician rank; and therefore the party which was invited to meet him when he stayed with Lord and Lady Fitzwilliam, for the opening of the agricultural show at Doncaster, was of much thesamesocial complexion as would have been a similar party assembled to meet his lather and mother in the palmy days of the Vic torian era. On Friday Lord Londonderry and his clever and beautiful wife did him another good turn by giving him a banquet at Londonderry-house, where was assembled! all that was brightest and highest in the very youthful and unmarried aristocracy, for lie brought his own unmarried daughters with him, and the object was, as it were, to give pro minence to his character as a happily domes ticated man. On Saturday, Mr. Stanhope, the Secretary of State for War, gave him the most magnificent party of the year by way of signifying that the army had no quarrel with him. The party, which cost £3,000, took place in the B&nqueting-house; at Whitehall, which has just ceased to be used as one of the Chapels Royal. Cleared of its pews, and decorated with a bewildering profusion of arms and armour from the Tower, the hall certainly presented an unrivalled spectacle of beauty. So great was the crowd that a separate tent had to be erected for the supper in Whitehall Yard, where, according to the ac cepted tradition, once stood the scaffold on which fell the head of Charles the First Nobody seems to remember this ill-omened circumstance ; but what was really a cause of consternation was the fact that half-a dozen of the guests became during the even ing seriously alarmed for their own respecta bility and the stability of their domestic hearths. It did not, of course, escape comment that there seemed something incongruous in giving a part}' in what had but recently been a sacred edifice. Butto this criticism there wasa ready answer at hand. The building had never been consecrated. The divine service held there no more gave the building a sacred character, than do family prayers confer that character upon a gentleman's breakfastroom. Here, however, confusion became worse con founded. If the building was never consecrated, how about the validity of the marriages which had been celebrated there ? And there were at least three hus bands in the hall whose matrimonial fetters had been forged therein. To this dread inquiry no answer was forthcoming at the moment, and the dryasdusts are still busy searching to see whether the apparent irregularity is one indeed, or whether, under Some old rule of prerogative law, the clergy of the place, as royal peculiars," were not entitled to set at nought the ordinary laws of j marriage. If it is not so, an act of Parlia ment will have to be passed to set the matter! at rest. If there had been any colonial i bishops present they would have been made | to quake for the apostolic character of the j colonial church, for this so-called chapel was ! in its day a favourite place for consecrating | bishops. | A great ware of gladness passed over London last Friday afternoon when it became known that Mr. W. C. Parkinson, one of the Parity party in the County Council, i had been cast in damages for slandering the Royal Aquarium. The slanderous words were spoken in council touching the question of renewing the Aquarium license, and the gravamen of Mr. Parkinson's charge was that in a performance by two automata he had witnessed an act of gross indecency by one of the Agates, which was supposed to have caught an insect which had concealed itself in its clothing. Mr. Parkinson appears to be one of those few persons in England who has remained unsaturated by the influence of Japanese art and civilisation. It was denied in Mo by the Aquarium that the figures represented Japanese people, or that one of them-the offending one-was a female; and when challenged on this point Mr. Parkinson could only say that he was perfectly satisfied that it represented a Japanese woman beoanse it had got on red trousers! A dozen people were called, who had had better opportunities of observing than Mr. Parkinson, and they all contradicted his story. All that his counsel could hint was that he was not very wise, and waa too far away- to see what was really going on. But on entering the witness-box the spirit of his Ironside foaefathors asserted himself, and throwing over his counsel, the defendant re-asserted* his original slander, and was promptly condemned to pay ±."250 costs and damages. During the course of the cose Mr. Lock wood, counsel for the Aquarium, moved with portentous gravity that the automata should be' accommodated with seats in the well of the court, but Mr. Justioc Hawkins suggested that, according to precedent, }ie ought to invite them to take seats on Jthe Bench. The Court fairly yelled with laughter^raroeiving the very broad Elusion'to thf "way in which Lord andLady Coleridge had distributed the hos pitality of the Bench during the baccarat case. Talking of the County Council, it may he mentioned that it is owing to disgust at the interference of that body with his work that Captain Shaw has retired from command of the London Fire Brigade. For 30 yeurs past Captain Shaw has l»een a notable figure in London 1ife;rbottipubllc and private. He Is tall, brtaa-BhouWereOi ond spare in figure, fair in complexion, and with features, .moustache. and imperial of the Don Quixote type. For all the world, he looks like one of those courtiers of Phillip II. who was at once a Belgian noble and a Spanish grandee. For years he was the most popular of ladies' menbut his trouble in being mixed np in the Colin Gampbell divorce case taught him the sad lesson of unceasing circumspection, and after his acquittal in that case lie seemed to fade away gradually from the world's gaze, except m the character of a chaperon for his daughters-more and more of his time and thoughts being given to his duties, and to that consecration of his own physical activities-by sculling and otherwise-which was essential to the main tenance of his position amongst his own men, for to the last he yielded to no recruit in hiB own corps in point of daring and en durance. Some years ago, when ne was a constant diner-out, it was not an un common thing to see a whole dinner party solemnised by his swift departure from its midst. The incident was familiar enough, but it never seemed to lose its effect There was always the same sequence of events the funereal butler stooping and whispering a word in the captain's ear-the captain's chaff suddenly ceasing, his rising from the table the smile still upon his lips; his Bilent leave-taking of the hostess ; and his almost ghost-like disappearance from the room. All through what remained of the dinner the guests would be oppressed by the imagination of what might be be falling their companion of but a moment before. Happily, he always returned from the valley of the Shadow of Death. It was part of his pose never to seem to lie up or rest after a great lire. You might see him depart for a lire at midnight oil Saturday. In your Sunday paper you would read of a great lire in Rermondsey, a million damage, two firemen killed, narrow escape of Captain Shaw with surface injuries-but at 1 o'clock church parade in Hyde-park there would be Captain Shaw, spic-and-span, smiling as ever, with his injuries very much beneath the sur j face. He was a wonderful man, and it is the ! general belief of his friends that some other j and more congenial sphere of work will now I be found for hiin. 