THE BOTTLE IMP. CHAPTER II.-(CONTrMUED.) The Chiuaman listened and listened for some time, and at last he called up the house to KEunwo to ask hin if he wern well, and K~eawe answered himl "Yes," and bade hiii go to bed,but there wasno more singing in the Bright House, and all night long the Chinaman heard his master's feet go round and round the balconies without repose. .Now the truth of it was this :-As Keawe undressed for his bath he spied upon his flesh a patch like a patch of lichen on a ruck, and it was then that he storsed singing. For lie knew the like ness of that patch, and he knew that lihe lad fallen in the Ciineae evil. aNow it is a sad thing for any man to fall into this sickness. And it would be a sad thing for anyone to leave a house so beautifal and so comamodians and depart from all his friends to the north coast of 3olokai, between the mighty cliff and the sea breakers. liut what was that to the case of the man Ieawe I He who had met his love but yesterday, and won her but that morning, and now saw all Ihis hopes break in a moment like a piece of glass? Awhile lie sat upon the edge of the bath; then sprang with a cry and ran out side, and to and fro along the balcony like one despairing. "Very well could I leave Hawaii, thlie homeof sty falhers," Keawo was thinking. "Very lightly could I leave my house, the high placed, the many windowed, here upon the mountains. Very bravely could 1 go to M.hlukai, to ialaupaps by the cliffs, to live with the smitten anud to sleep there far from my fathers. But what wrong have I done, what sin lies upon my soul that I should have encomsi tered Klokua coming cool troum the sea water in the evening--Kkua the soul rasuarer, Kokua the lighit of isy lifel Her may I never wed. her may I look upon no longer, her may I io nmore liandle with my loving hand. And it is for this -it is for you. 0 Kokua, that I pour my lamentations!" Tihereupon he called to mind it was the next day tile Hall went by on her return to lmiusulu. "There must I go first." he thought, a and seek Lapaka. For the best hope that I have now is to find that same bottle I was so pleased to get rid of." Now you are to observe what kind of a man Kieavwe was, for lie might have dwelt tsere in tile Iright House fcr years anud no one been the wiser of his sickness ; but lihe reeked nothinig of that if lie dmust lose Kukua. And again he might have wed K.okkua even as he was; and so malty would have done because they have thle souls of pigs. Bat Keawe loved the maid manfully and lie would do her no hurt and bring her in no danger. A little hovond the midst of the night came in his mind the recollection of that bottle. He went round to the b-ack porch and called to memory the day whei the devil had looked forth, asnd at tle thought ice ran in his veins. "A dreadful thing is tihe bottle," thought K?eawe, "and dreadful is the imp, and it is a dreadful thing to risk the flames of hell. But what other Ihone have I to cure nsy sickness or to wed Kokua ? Wi:hat !" he thioaght, " would I beard the devil once only to get sme a house and act face him again to win Kokua ?" llt. Never a wink could he sleep, the feod stuck in his throat ; but lie sent a letter to IKialo, ali about thse tim when the steamer would be ctcsing rode down be Eide thie cliff f tl:o tohbas. It rained ; his hlorst weant heavily ; lie looked up at thi black Umoluth of caves andl he envied the deadl that slept there and were doane with trouble, and called to mind uvhow he had galuip:d by the day before. and was astonished. Sv!lce came dowin to Hoasul- ina, and there w:v all the cauntry ;atlered'for the st:eamer, as usual. Ila ti!e sited btfore the store they sat and j sted and pa.ssoed the newss: but there was li nlnatter of speech inll eawsr's bsoa.n, and lie sat in their midst and is, ked nitlhout on tlie rain falling on the houses a:id the surf heating aimong ti:e rocks, and the sighs arose inl is thi,?at "Keawe, of the liright IH,use, is outof spirits," said one to another. Indeed, and so hlie was, and lit.le wotider. Then the hall catme and the whaleboat carried him on board. The after part of tho ship was full of llsaules--ewhites-who hal been to visit the volcano, as their custoo, is, and the midst was crowded with Kanakas, and the fore part with wiil! hulls front Hilu and horses front au ; but Keawe set apart from all in his sorrow, and watched for tihe house of Kiano. There it sat low upon the shore in the black recks and shaded by the coaca panlms, and there by the. dolor was a red holoku,. no greater than a Ily. and going to and fro with a. fly's business. "Ah, queen of my hleart," he cried .. ' will venture my dear soul to wil you l'I- : Soon after darkness fell and the cabins were It up, and the hiaoles sat and played at thecards and drank whisky, as their cestoal is; but Keawe walked tie deck all night, and all lthe next day, as they steamed under the lee of .MauiorofM?olo kai. he was still pacing to and firo like a wild animal in a menageri.. Tosward evening they passed Diamond Bead and canme to the pier of Honolulu. Keawe stepped out anmong the crdwd aiid began to ask for Lopaka. It seemed he had become the owner of a schooner, none better in tlse islands, aisd was gisne upon an adventure as far as Pola-Pola or Kuatika; so there was no help to he looked for from Topaka. ienawo called to maind a friend of his; a lawryer in tile town (I must not tell hIis name), and inluired of him; tihey said he had grown suddenly rich and had a finle new house upon VWalkiki shore ; and this put a thiought in Keawe's head, and hie called a hack and drove to the lawyer's house. Tile housas was all brand new, anrid the trees in the garden io greater than walk' ine sticks, and tile lawyer (when he caure) had the air of a man well pleased. "What can I do to serve you?".said the lawyer. - " You are a friend of Lopaka's," replied Keawe, s"and Lopaka purchased from sae a certain niece of goods that I thought you mitht en'able me to trace."' The lawyer's face became very dark. "1 do not pri-fess to nisunder..tand you, hMr. Kau.iwe" a:d hle, " though this is an ugly business to be stirring in. You may be sure I know nothing, butyet I hlave a guess; and if you would apply is ta cer main quarter, I think -youi might haIve sew8." And. le named tho; 'namnd of .a man, •hiihasain I had better not repeat. So t was for days: and Keawe wen. ftront one to another, hidiizLg everywhere noIw -lothes and carriaie?, and filiO new houses asd iue'n everywi-re ind grat content P -st ; althou(gli "o , 6:sure) When h o hinted at his business, their faces would cloud over. d "No doubt, I am upon the track" h thought Keawe. "'These new clothes Ii and carriages are all the gifts of the little n imp, and these glad faces are the faces of te men who have taken their profit and got T rid of the accursed thing in safety. When tl I see pale cheeks and hear sighilng,I shall h know that I am near the bottle." h So it befell a, last that he was recom- It mended to a Haolu in Beritania street. n When lie came to tilhe door, about the n hour of the evening meal, there were the usual mIarks of a new house, a:nd the b young garden, and the electric lights shining in the window; but when the c ownercame a heock of hope and fear rati a through lteawe. For hero was ayoung man, white as a corpse, and blae- about n the eyes, the hair sheddingi from his hBead and suci' a look in his countenance as a' man may have a heti Ihe is iraititig for hi' gallows. e = " Heret t is to bh' slre, thou lit6?ea s we ; and so nwith his:' mahl lie :iowa3ys y veiled hli errand. I coine to bui tlhe a bottle,'o.s* id iac:'. \t tie ieord the youn0 Hao of Be itania street reeled agmiuat':the w'alli. d " Tu sbottlOe!r he gasped. ',To lhiy ty the bottle.", . Tln-he seenied to choke;, a.id seizing Keawe by the ariti carried hia t into a roons and poured out wine in, two glhsses '. SHere is my respieets,' said Keeae; a who had been muclh .about ~iith Iaoles s in his line .'i "Yes,' lie added, :t'i o aii cohme to bay the btt'e. Wlhat is tioe rice. by n dw ?1 . At that lord'thoe youg matlt let his, e glues slispthirorih his fisers,'and looked iI upon Keawe like a ghost . "Tlie price," says he.: Tile price.. iYou do not kinowI a the price ?" "It is for that I amn asking our re turned Keae. " But why are yi so a much concerned'. Is there ai yhizig b wrong about the price ?e It has dropped a great deal in alue since your tiuet, Mr. KoawTe," said the I yoiini rian, stamimerini." " ell, well, I shall have to pay led s t for it,' says Keawe. 1" How much did it t cost you I" a The young man was as 'white as a y sheet. "Two cents," said he. ."What!" cried K'awe ; two cents? t TWhy, then you.cafn only sell it .for one. ii And hlie who buys it The words died upon Seawe's tongue. y He who bought is could never sell it hi again ; the bottle and.the bottle imp mtust abide with him .until he died, aiid when b le diedmust carry him to the red eiid of c hell. " . Tihe young man of.Beritaniastreet fell t: upon his kinecs. "For God's sake buy it I" lie cried. -. " You can lhave all my k fortune in the bargain. I was rliad when I bought.it at that price. ,1 had embez- e zled iioney at iuy store; I was lost else I u must have gone to jail." ' bI "Poor creature," said Keawe. You tl would risk your soul upon so desperate a an adveilture, and to avoid tie propert puanishmnent of your own disgrace; and u ' you think I could hesitate with love in i front of me. Give me the bottle and the n change which I make sure you have all a ready. 'Here is a five cent piece." " It was as Kerawe supposed ;the young .0 main had the change ready int a draw; t tL;e bottle changed hands,; and Keii,'s' fingers were'no sooner clIaspId upoin the Ii stalk than le- breathed his wish to'be a clean main. And sure enough, wheniie gotihame to his roo n he stripped himself 'i before a glass, his flesh was whole like an infant's. And here was the strange g thig ; lihe had no sooner seen this mirtcle t thau his mind was changed within hini, S and he cared naulght for the Chiuesu a Evil, and little enough for Kaku ;:. and b liad but one thought, that here he was te bound to' the bottle imp for time iud "i eternity, and he had no better :hIpo hbut bI to be cinder foreverin the tlamis of helle. d Awayiihead of him lie s.w therm blaze iit " his iind's eye, and his soul shrank, and it darkness flil upon the light. ii Wh'eu Keawe cance to hiumaslf a little;' i he was aware it was the filiht when the ih band played at the hotel. Thither lie ti went, because lie feired to be ilone;'aind there, among the happy faces, Walked too Ii and fro, and heard the tunes go up and 1 dowi, and saw lierger boat the measure, P and all the while hlie heard the flames 5a crackle and saw the red fire burning in the 1' bottomless pit. Of 'a sudden the band tl played "Ilik-a.ao ; " that was a song , that he had sung with' Kokua, and at i1 the strain courage rettirued to himin. "It is done now," he thouight "sand r once more let me. take 'the good alongt with the evil." l So it befell that he returned 'tifHiawaii h by the first s:eamer, and.: as soon as it could be .manag. d 'lie - ieas i"wedded to Kokuia, arid c irried herr up the mountain tl side to the lbright IIousoe.' tl Now, it was with thesoetwo that when d they were together, 'Keawe's heart was stilled. but so soon'as he eras alone lihe fell into a broodiig hlorror, aind heard th4s il lies crackle and saw the red 'fire burn ii the bottoniless pit. The girl, indeed, y had comni Il him wholly ther heart leaped a in her aide at sight of him, her hand clung to hlis,.and she was so fashioned froti the hair upon her head to the nails j upon her tues that none could see her 'without joy. She was pleasant in her nature. She had the good word always, Full of cones she was, and weit to and i froin the Bright House the brightest t thinginit' three stories, carolinglike i birds. And Keawe beheld and heard her tl with delight, 'and'then must shrink upon B oneside, and weep. and groan to think' upon the price he had paid for her; and therit he must dry his eyes, and wash his tl fa'eo, and go and sit with her. on the broad balconies, joining in her :songs, ' and.(with a sick ' spirit) answering her ismiles. There cared a lay when het fiat began b to get hleavy and her songse mre rare; and now itv.as Kein e oily that would wep n?pirt; but each would sunder from the oiler, anid eit in opposite balconies, with thie ci'hue i 'idth of the Bright House betiwixtf, Keawe was so sunk in his des pair be scarce obserred the chlange, and was only.glad he had more hours to sit alcne and brood upon his destiny, and t was not so fruquently coitdetnned to pull a sming fuceion a nick heart. But one i d:iy, coin"g softly through the louse, he heard the sountd of a child sobbing, aind there was Kokua rolling het face upon the balcony floor av.d w'eeping like the lost. "You do well to keep in the hlcuse, Kokna," he said, " and yet I would give 1 the head offmy body that you, at least, miight have been lhappy." " Happy !" she cried. Keawe, when 1 you lived alone in your Bright House you were the word of the island for a happy men;laulghter and song were i your 1 mouth, and your face was as bright as the suurise. Then you wedded ponr Kokua, aud the good God knows what is namiss it her, but friom that day you leave nt emiled. Oh !" she cried, "what aila ms ? I thought I was p:oretty, ;nd I know I loved him. Wihat ails me that I throw Sthis cloud upon my husband "Poount Koku," said Keawe. He sat down by her side and sought to take her f, hand, but that she plucked away. " Poor p Kokua,"ho said, again. "My poor child, is my pretty! And I thought, all this while it to spare you ! Well, you shall know all. n Then at least you will pity poor Keawe; tl then you will understand how much he h has lved you in the plst, that he dared hell for your posses3ion, and how much If ha loves ou asill--the poor, the conden.- n ned once--hat he can yet call up a smile s whenlhe beholdsvyo;." . Witi that he tjl. her all even froms the i begitinnig. s "'You have done this for me 7" she c cried. "Ah, well, then,.what do Icate 1" a and site cla:hied isd itwept upoin him. " S'All;tlh!d;' ? ad eawe,;' "and yet, s whein I cionsidtr th :e fire of liell, I.care a ? good deal{: , - "i'evertell?mei"ll " saiid,"; n, man h Bai be lost because he-loved Xokius, and. o n otliier fault. =I tell, yiu? Keiwe; I shall t save you with these hands or perislh in it your comipany What 'l.ui loved me; ii and you gave your soul, ani? d ?o think I I will not die to save you in return " " " Ali, my d-ar, you m'tiit"?'die a hun. dred times atid :what sdifelire nco would that miake;?" lie cried, '.' except to lea?ve tme louely till the tiiiie comes bf my dami :" You knoew' nothlng."- said'. she; I a was educated in a ischool in Honolul,;: I' am no ?ometmo girl.'ad IItell you I shall C save ty lover. W;hat,:it this you say f about a cent ? But all the ?sorld is not iertican. In Etnglaid thley have a piece called a.fartling, whichl ,i about: half a ceit:. Ah, .sobrro?, she, cried, " "that onacs it scarce better, for the buyer must bh.lost.i nd we shall fiid none so :bravie as niy Keawr!:But, then there is Francei; they have a small coi?i there whicli is called a centime, and these go five to the center thereabout. We could: not do better. Come,X Keawe, let us go to the French islands ; let us go to Talhiti asi fastas the ships can bear us. There' we have four centitmes, three centimes, .two centimes, one centime.; four possible sales to come and go on, and two of us to push the'bargain." Come, my Keawe; kiss me, and.banishl ci re. ..Kokua will. defend you." "'Gift.of Gods,'"lhe cried, "1 cannot t think that God will punish' me for desir- e ing aught so good. Be it as you' will; then; takeimewhere you please; I put toyd life and my 'alvationt. in your, hands." - Early the next day Kokua was about her preparations. She.took Keawe's 'chest that he went witih sailoring ; and first sithe put the.bottle'in the corner, and then packed it witli the richest 'of their clothes and the. bravest of the knick- . knacks in the house.. " For," said she, " we must seem to -be sick folk; "or who will believe in the bottle ?'" All'the time of her preparation she was as gay -as a bird; only when she looked upon Keawe g the tears would spring in her- eyes and she must run and kiss him. As for Ieg. we, a weight was off his soul ; now that d lihe had his secret shared, and some hope in fronit of him, he 'seemed like a.new 51 man,.his feet went lightly on the earth, a and his breath ?a;s good to hitim again. Yet was terror still at his elbow; arid n .ever and again, as the wiind blows out a taper, hope did in him;, and he saw the s flames too and the red fire buria in i hell. r " .. r It was given out in the country they t' were gone pleasuring to the states'; which h was thought a strange thing, and yet nodt so strange as the truth, if any could have ti guessed it. So they went to ?oonolulu in a the Hall, and thence in the Umatilla to s' San Francisco with a crowd of Haoles, d and at Sai Francisco. took their passage a by thtie mail brigantine, the Tropic Bird, for Papecte. the chief place of the French a iii the South Sea Islands. Thither they cale, aiter a pleasant voyage, on a fair I day of the trade wind, ande saw the reef t' withllthe surf breaki,ng and MIo?tti with tl its pahlios, and the schooiiera riding safely inside, and the white louses of the town P h1oi dolwn along the shore :among greoen tress, and overhead the mountains and tihe clouds of Tahiti, tho Wise Island. SIt was juadged the imost wise to liire a' t lhouse, which.Lhtey did accordingly' oppo- t site the British Consul's; to make a great I parade of money, and themselves con spicuoss with carriages and horses. This o .was very easy to do as long as they had ni the battle in their possession, for Kokua fl was more. bold than Keawe, and whenever o she had'a minind called on the imp for twenty or a hundred dollars. -At this k rate.they soon began- to be remarked in f 'the town ; and the strangers from Haisiii, n their riding and their driving,' the fine n holokus and. the 'rich lace of 'KoIkua tl became the matter.of muck talk.: \- They got on well after. the firt. with ii the Tahitian language, ihichl?ies like .to b the Hawaiian, with a certain change of letters; and as soon as they had any tree n domnot sp?ech, began to push the bottle. .You are to consider it was io easy sub- h ject to introduce ; it was not easy to per- e suade people you were in earnest when n you aofered to sell them for four centimes 51 the spring of health and rich, inoexhanet. S able. It was necessary besides to explain r+ the dangers of the bottle ; and either a people disbelieved the whole thing and c laughed, or they thought the more of the b darker part, became over?ast with gravity h and drew away from Keawe and Kokua as from persons who had dealings with a the devil. So far from gaining ground, a these two began to fid they were avoidcd i in the toson ; the children ran away from I thems screaming, a thing intolerable to Kokuas; C.tholics crossed themselves as y they went by, and allpersons began with ' one accord to disengage themnselves from f their advances. Depression fell upon theirspirits. They a would sit atnight il their new house, 0 after a day's weariness, and not exchange one word; or tile silence would be broken 1 by Kokua bursting suddenly into sobs. t Sometimes they would pray together, sometimles they woald have the bottle 5 jut upon the floor, and sit all evening 1 watchiing how tihe shadow hovered in the h midst. At such times they would be afraid to go to rest; it was long ere a slumber came to them, and if eithera dozed off it would be to wake and find the other silently weeping in the dark; t or perhaps to wake alone, the other hav-. 1 ing fled from thle house and the neigh- i borhood of that bottle to pace under the bananas in thle little ?nrden, or to wander t on the beachby moonlight. One night it was so wivhen sKokua woke. Keawe was gone; she foltin the bed and I hisplace was cold. Thenou fear fiell upon I her and she sat up in bed. A little moon- a shilo filtered through the shutters; the t room was bright, aiid she could spy the bottle on the floor. Outside it blow high, Sthe great trees of the avenue cried out aloud, and the fallen leaveun rattled in the vorandal,. In the midst of this Kokua was awaro of another sound; wheth'er of a beast or a man she could not tell, but it was its sad as death, and cut :'her to hier soul. Softly she arose, set i the door ejar and looked forth intothe moonlit yard. There, under tlhe bananas, r lay KeIawe, hiis mouth in the dust, and as helay he moaned. It was iKokua's fieet thought to run forward and console him. Her second potently withheld her. Keawe had borne himself before his wife as a brave man ; it became her little in the hour of weak ness to intrude upon his shame. With the thought she drew back into the house. " Heaven," she thought, "how care= 1 less have 1 been, how weak ! It is lie, not 1, that stands in this eternal peril ; it was he, not I, that took the curse upon .. his soul. It is for my sake and for the love if a creature of so little worth and such poor help, that he now beholds so f close to him the ftlmtes of hell, ay, and smells the smoke of it, lying without there in the wind and moonliglht. Ami I so dull of spirit that never till-now 1 have surmised my duty ? or have I seen it be- - fore and turned aside? But now,' at. least, I take up my soul in both the hands of my affection'; now I_ say .'farewell to the white steps of Heaven and the wist itig faces of my friends: K'lode fur a love,: a?d let miie `tie "eqialled wvith Knewe'sI -"A soul for a soul and let it it be hine'to perish I"' This was a deft winsan vwhll her hands, aInd sho's-as soon appiarelled. She took it ler hiands the ,,changoe; the preciouls centimes they kept ever by their side, I for this coin isolittle dused iand they had t made provision at a government olice.e Whenshliowas forth in-tte avenue, clouds came on the wind, and', tlie moon was t blackened.' The tonwi alept, iand shekiiew I niot iliither to turn till she .heard some I dne cou"lhing inA the' shadow:: of,: the trees. Old?:inii?,?"said-loko'ua, alislat do you do liere abroad in the cold night ' , The old iiani could scarce express hini t self for coughing, blt she madoeout that lhe was old and poor, and : stranger in .the island. i' rWll'youn do _inei aservicd?" said Kokua s ?:" Asiofne stranger toLanother, aniid as ai old uiaii to a young woman,-, iill- you help' adaughter of Hawaii 1" "?Ah," said th old 'man, . " so you are .the witch fromnilie eight islands I?7. And even my old soul you seek' to ent~ngle. oBut I have heard of you, and defy your t wickedness:":' '* Sit down here," said.. Koku: . adsd let sie tell'you a tile." And she told him the story of iKewive from- the -.beginning to the eind. . '. And nor,' said she, I' I am liis wife I whoin lie bought with hiisa oil's welfarei t 4nd ili?it alsould I do ? If I went 'to 1 bini aind offered to bity it lie Will refuse. I But if you go he will sell it eaigerly.;-- I till await you hero iyou will biuy it for four centimes, 'nd I will buy it agaisi for theero. And the -Lordl strengthen a poor girl I" 'If you meant falsely,' said the 'old ihan;, "I think : God would.: strike you e dead." "He would !" cried Kokuaa. "Be sire he would.' I could not be so treach erous. God would inot sffer it." " "Give isi the four celitimes and "await me haere," 'aid the old maisl. 1o t., wlIoii Kok'ua stood alone in the streit heir pirit died. The wind roared in thei trees, isd it seeiaed to her the rushing of tle flames of hell ; theshadows tossed in the lights of the strost lanips, and they shemed - to - lier th sunatching hainds of the evil ones. If she had hiad the stranith she iimust have run ':Bay, a, and if she lhad the breath she must liave screamied aloud-; but in traith she could :h do uieither, and st,:,d aiid trirmbled in tile avenue liku an'affrighted child. Tlieti shte dsw the old.: nian returning, and lie had tlhe bottlo in his hand. i" SI have done your- biddiul,;' said he, .I left your Ihusbaud beepiiig like a child ; to-nighlt hle will sluep enay. Andd lie ield the btttle forth. ' Itfore you glio it to -ne," K',kua a u?iatcl, take the goad Witll -the evil ask to be dblivcred' frons your. cou ."'" a "I asit old iai, "replied the other, "'aitdtoo uear the gate of tlie grave to v take a favir froin;the devil. : ut what is thls ? : .Why do you 'not taki~ the bottlei?. Do irn heosiitate ?" .. '. Not hsitate !'"cried Kokua. I tam only weak. Give me a onotient. It is tihy hand resists! my' fesIah shrinlks back from the accursed thit :g; Onie inolnentsl only !"' r SThe old minan loked upon Kokua kilndly. Poor child !" said lhe. y'ou fearyour soul misgives you:: Well, .let 3 rme keep, it. .I am old and can never imore be happy in this world ; and as for the next--" :'e Give it me !"gasped Kokua. "There. isIyour money. Do. you think :I am so based as that -:Give me the bottle." : \- "God bless you; child," said tli `old I Kokua concealed the bottle unider her d holoku, said farewell to the old man, and talked off along the avenue, she' cared not whither, for all roads were now the I samne to her, and led equally to hell. Sometimes she walked, and sometimes ran, and sometimes lay by thle roadside and wept. All that she had heard of hell came.back to her: she saw the flamues blaze, and she smtelled the smoke, and her flesh withered on the coals. Near day she came to her mind again and returned to the house. It was even as the old man said, Keawe slumbered like a child. Kokua stood and gazed upon his face. "uo sow, my husband," said she, " it is your turn to sleep. When you wake it will be your turnto sing and laugh. liut for poor Kokus, alas ! that meant no evil -for poor Kokua no more sleep, no mnore singing, no uoro delight, whetherins earth ( or heaven." With that she lay down in the bed by a hisside, and liher miisery wasso extreme that she fell into a alumber instantly. Latein the merning liher husbasnd woke I up and gavne her the good news. It seemed he was silly with dtelight, for he paid no heed to her distress, ill though she dis sembhed it. The words stuck in her mouth, it mattered not; Keawe did the speaking. She ate not a bite, but ewho wasto observe it? For Keawe cleared t the dish. Kokua saw and heard him, like some strange thing in a dream; there a were times when she forgot or doubted, I and put her hands to hier brow; to know ( herself doomsed andm to hear liher husband babble, seemed so monstrous. All the swhilh Keawce was eatiug and ' talking and planning the time of their I return, and thanking her for saving him, and fondling her, and calling her the true helper after all. Ho laughed at the old man that was fool enough to bluy that bottle. SA worthy old man he scomed," Kea swe said. "But noone can judge by tp \- pearances. -For why did the old reprobate reqluire the bottle ?" " My hueband," said liokua, humbly, t "his purpose may have been good." t Keawe laughed like an angry man. S" Fiddle-de-dea!" cried ]Keew.e "At old rI, ogue, i tell you. Aud asn old sass to boot, I For the bbttle 'was hard enough to sell at fouir ceitiaes."-Conclided next week.. 