THE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HAS BEEN. In h: weekly letter, Mr. Walter Beant has the following:-" very good ghost story one of a churcard d phatom fneral - hua been printed in the rerpeool trs, and copied in the 1O..U? Gsoette, where I saw it. My pernnl erperience of spoohk is not moth, butit i, pe-rh- m than fslsto the lot of mot. Thfit 'flgure' I ever w was abot 6 o'dockonan eve g in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of dlight; it becae too dark for me to see any a?ger, and I knocked off; as I tamed fom the window I became ware that a female figure wasintheroom; itmade nosign, buitmored about n?oielseey. As I looked it disappered. Iwas the living u a bchelor in chambers, and my outer door was dosed, so that nobody cold be in the room except mysel. Another expeiaence nd afar more singular one, was this. I w trvelling In orthumberand. The SI had spent m driving over a wild d lol moor to a villge sitoted in the midst of it-. rillage buit round the quad raogiaeof what had ena moatory. flere was the old gate Ieft pert of the hoisinogs; part of the wall; the quietvillage enclosed by the old wall;. he 'monrt chapel, now the panr church; there wre only two or three hbndred people living here; outside ran and babbled the trout stream with ib high bonk covered with bushes and tbrmbles and wild lowers. All round etretebed the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or some thing, they talked to me about the pas; the poe was illed with echoes of the frst; hispers and voices were bheard at night; things bd been seen in the bedrooms. A wonderfl place; nowhere elevin England is there a more wonderful place. I drorel ck end epent the evening alne in my inn, redi:.:g certainbooks of the Que dnne time, an d tll o'cock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself w?u at least 300 yearn old. All this in troduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the ogit I woke ?oddenly ed aet up startled. I found the room perfecty light; the dror, which I had loomfleopen, and thers walked in three ladi; dr in the Queem Anne cosume, with the pretty old sltd erdbestr ornament of th head and everything. eer before had I nderstood bow beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. Theladies sttig down oo n chairs round the fire (which was now burning merrily) bgn to talk. but I know not what they SSuddenly-it hames me to confess the thing-I w zed with a horrid terror. I' leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, and pulled p the blind. It was about' three in the mornig, and twi'ight. Then I turned to my visitorsn; they s!ll faded away. The Tight lowly went out of the room; the fire lowy red low: the fiures ilowly became fant: they slowly vanished. Whoerethey? Well. Youeethtlhve seenthing. BtIhaveheardnothino . Nocon. menic^tios has ever been made to me from the other world at all, exerpt by the spirit Kslie, and she only talked rbbish through a rmer u, and I hadtopy a pound fur it." 