MUSIC AND THE DRAMA# at HOME AND ABROAD. Discussion nas waxed hot in tho Scottish press upon tho action for slander bronghi against the Scottish Leader by Mme. Gcorgina Bums, tue famous soprano of the Carl Rosa Opera Company. During the winter operatic season in Edinburgh, the brilliant soprano, whose famous parts arc thoso of FiUna io " Migoon," Amina in " La Soonambula," and the like, appeared for the first time in the city as Violetta ("Traviata") and Marguerite ("Faust"). Whilst admitting generally the singer's worth and the favorable impression made iu many scenes, the critic of the deader stated that " Mme. Burns' brilliant, and incisive tones ' are not well adapted lo tho rendering of pathos, and ; Vio Ictta'a dyiug scene failed accordingly tc make anything like Us fuil impression," whilst iu the " Marguerite," the same writer found " the method too artificial, too sophisticated , , . and tho voice with all its excellent qualities, fatally lacking in ju9t that aympa thetic timbre which, above all, is demanded by the character." Now tho criticism is .worth quoting here, becanso there must be hundreds of our readers very well acquainted with- Mme. Burns' voice and method, and to these the . writer's remarks will appear well-grounded. The artist, however, felt outraged and insulted, sued the paper for £1000 damages, nnd gained nothing but the deliverance of the Court; that the paragraphs were not slanderous, but were " within tho limits of fair criticism." Had the Court decided otherwise, it need scarcely be said tbat criticism «f any kind would have come to an end wherever the English law ol libel had force. The case is instructive, however, . as showing tbe hyper- sensitive state to which artists of te-dnv have 'been brought by a long course of kindly, indulgent criticism. Students of the literature and history of the stage know very well tke freedom of the remark habitual , in the press > of the time of Kean, Kemblc and Macready, and -wlnldt the license then considered consistent with dignity and good manners was sometimes abused, there can be little doubt that on the whole . it# influence was beneficial. To-day we see the evils of the other extreme. Iu too many, cases puff succeeds puff until second-rate actresses arc described as " better than Sara Bernhardt," operatic favorites feel outraged when tbey are told that they aro not equally successful in characters of widely differing range, and actors inform tbe public tbat they have been "sent to bed with an aching heart", by analytical remarks which, if omitted, would reduce criticism to tbe level of farcical comedy. It may be taken for granted, therefore, that -Mine. Burn's defeat was entirely in tbe interests ol the profession of wkich she is a conspicuously brilliant member. Those who remember with admiration an C3teem the great tragic actress, Adelaide Jlistori, who visited Australia some 16 years ago, will be glad to learn tbat the London papers are mistaken in thinking tbat she has been lately widowed. Sigtiora Majeroui, the niece and "god-daughter of the famous trage diennCf has received advices from Rome which show that the Marquis Capranica del Grillo, whose death is reported, is Camillo, the head ot the Capraiiica family. He died at his palace a; Rome, and failing male issue from his imme diate inheritor, his enormous fortune will pass to the Catholic Church. It was tbe death of ibis nobleman's younger brother, Luigi, at Milano 13 days later, that gave rise to the mistake made by the London press. Luigi Capraaica was a distinguished novelist and a very popular peiaonage in the artistic and literary circles of Italy. Mme. Risiori's hus band is neither of these, but is named Joiianc Caprauica, Marquis del Grillo, and it may. be hoped that he has many years of happineas before him with the Marchesa in their palace iu the Caprauica-square at Rome. Here thu great Ristori passes the greater part of . tho year, for it is now long since she accepted regular starring engagements. She is, how ever, still interested in all that conceros the stage, and has lately been interviewed by the Rome correspondent ol the Jhiilg Graphic upon that well-worn subject the institution ot a dramatic school. Mme. Ristori appears tc be decidedly averse to tbe estublishmeui in England of au academy, but favors resort b> students to a first-rate dramatic school o- declamation, directed by the great actors of tin day in tragedy, comedy and melodrama. Such a school existed iu Italy during the las- generation under Gustavo Modena, and Ristor points to the fruit of the system in such acton as Sfdvini, Rossi and Achille MajeronL Foi these interesting particulars of the Caprnnici family wo are indebted to Signor and Signort Majeroui. Both, unhappily, continue Hn ddliea.t UCattn ana uo nut propose aoy iciuia.tu tut: Australian stage just yet. Sigoora Mnjeroni'i vocal weakness, the result of the fever in India, continues a bar to pubhs performance, though a gradual return to the normal condition of the once beautiful voice is being slowly made. Il tbe meaniime the artist is forming classes m teach the Italian language, which she hersell speaks with so much melody, grace anJ refinement. The prospect of seeiog the greatest of living actresses has been dangled before the eyes oi Australian playgoers so long that it is diflicull to realise that within the next few months Sara Bernhardt will be amongst us- Accordiug tc present nrraugetucnts she opens ber Melbourne season at the I'rincess' Theatre early in July, and will, very wisely, for the most part play only those dramas in her repertoire which are already familiar here by previous production in the vulgar tongue. So great are the expenses of bringing over the French com pany that the financial success of the tour demands crowded houses. Accordingly, the pieces performed will be " Fedora," "La Toscn" and u Dame uux Gamelias" (" Camille"), which every playgoer will easily follow in the foreign language. u Theodora" and ' Cleopatra" tvili be produced later. At tbe end of February ildi great actress was playing " La Tosca" at thr. - Garden Theatre, New York, to crowded liases. Some sensation has been creeled iq-rhat city by the remarks of Miss Fanny Davenport, who commented rather caustically upou the Bern- liardt's acting, and pointed her sarcasms with the statement that Florin ia Tosca bad grown fat. Tke newspaper in which the interview appeared fell into Mme. Bernhardt' hands, and she retorted with some cutting remarks 'which have greatly amused the New York public. It was a foregone conclusion, after' tho <Nevv York and Sjdney verdicts, that "The Idler" would be a gre;it success at the St. James Theatre. Tue drama was produced thdre on February 27 by a cast to which die Loudon Daily Ti'Ugraph ascribes "the most finished acting of recent times." Miss Marion Terry, an Lady liardcastie, is said to step forward to the position which her sister Ellen seems likely to vacate, and Mr. George Alexander "surpassed anything he has attempted upon the London stage." Tho critic attributes the success of Mr. Jiaddon Chambers' play to the superb acting, in which he is obviously mistaken, since it ha met with as marked success with different casts iu other purts.of the world. 'Is the author who gave Miss Terry ami Mr. Alexander their opportunity to have no praise? He gets it chiefly from the oilier London papers,' who point out also the toe pronounced uature'of the "comedy" and the improbability of theduu! scene in the last act, blemishes which were noticed In more than one of the Sydney journals. A long run for the piece Ia expected in London. News by the mail from India to March 10 show that Mrs. Hotter bns completed a four week' season, which the Indian Daily Newt describes as "the most successful dramatic en tertainment ever brought before a Calcutta public during tho last 30 years." The Calcutta journals are very enthusiastic in their praise o! both actors, who it appears have had many dillicuUic-s to overcome iu the matter of defec tive staging. "John Needham's Double," the novel in which the villcm Norbury first murders and then personates John Needhaui, tho wealthy banker, has been dramatised by the author, JoHepii Ilatton, and successfully produced by Mr. E. 3. Willard at Palmer's Theatre, New York. Mr. John Billington lias arrived in London from Sydney on per the i\ and O. s.s. Britannia, looking younger and stronger than ever, and thoroughly well pleased with Ins antipodean experiences. Mr. BilliugtQti reports that Mr. Toole is exceedingly pleased with the reception accorded him in Australia and New Zealand, aud with the knowledge of the large addition to Ins banking account, which has been the result of tho trip. Mr. Toole and his company- open at Toole's Theatre at Easter. Mr. J. II. Ciyndes forwards very gratifying accounts of his welfare in London, where his first public reappearance was for charitable purposes, at a penny reading, where he recited " Ostier Joe." lie has since played a season at tho Royal Standard Theatre as Tom Robinson in " It's Never too Late to Mend," aud haB been very. cordially received. An attempt is being made to secure tho Royalty Theatre, London, for tho performance, v.inder tbe direction of Mr. Grein, of Ibson'a " Ghosts." New ptnva by Mr. George Moore, Ml. William Wilde and Mr. Cecil Raleigh are tobi included in tho repertory of this "free theatre," together with translations from Bjorn- son, Tolstoi, Goncourt and other writers. Mr. Henry James' play " The American," founded on his novel of that name, will ho played in London during the early summer at the'Opera Coraique. 