FQT7SE OF RIMMON. A STOUT OF TH8 " BLACK COUNTRY 805TB STAFFORDSHIRE. bt JEAK1E GWYNNE BETTANY, Auttror of AUKT SABCENS TWO Lbgaoxeb," BTO. - ?, CHAPTER XLVI. — rCoxTiarcsiri. 41 Keziah, J have only one thiog to ask you. I know more about the world than you do, Kcaah, If you do not want to be suspected. Keziah, go to some friend. You need not tell jae whom. Xf yon- promise me this one thing, I aboil eo away contented. Contented! No. not that. Bat it will be more endurable, that feallf teneay." < " I will promise yon that, then," said Etzifth And Abe was moving away again. "Not one word of farewell, Keziah !" be Bud. "Good-bye," ebe answered, pasting on. He' had almost hoped, when be had so far acceded to her wish, that she would have given a different farewell from this cold " good-bye. " But her maimer was snch that he dared not ask for mom. The Keziah be loved could never be farther from him, he felt, than she was this he was outside now; but these words followed her in a choked whisper, " You will say you forgive me." 'I forgive you," she said in a low voice ; And disappeared in tbe darknees. And El worthy, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do anything, watched the spot where her figure had dis appeared, until bis eyes were strained: but fsuowhee he would not— rather, could not, dad when at last he had gazed so long that his eyes, grown weary, drooped their lids, he afowiy turned his head and gazed at the "No man has ever been so wretched as Z am." he thought within himself, " so wretched ana so powerless." And while he thought this, the immense hammers came down upon the int. and flattened it' and crushed it. " Oh I" he thought, " if only I could place my head one ifAnwitt m«biF that' hammer, and it alii ft would be eo soon over," He remained long ga&ng; at the glare, and scarcely thinking. All Was too much in a within him. At last he became conscious that he must go away. If he ware not in Leamington in the morning, people might say he had been with Keziah. They should never say that ; and he staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. It had ceased snowing some time, and the path was very dark. Snow blackens almost as it falls in the Black Country ; and it must be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last be struck his foot against something : It was only a rising footpath, of which there pre many in these neighbourhoods, a foot, and oven sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself fall ing, and the next sensation waa that water was dosing over his head. CHAPTER XLVII.— The Gbeateb Babes. And he said. . . » "I will poll down my bares, Kid build greater." Had Keziah waited before her own bouse a little longer, she would have seen the lights re appear in the two front bedroom windows: for Mr. Hackbit, having made an effort to go to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found himself quite too excited to sleep. 44 it," he said to himself, "Til have that fool Simpler 8p, and wet our throstles a bit." Now Mr. Hackbit was deeper than Bimpler eave him credit for being : though he did let uinga out sometimes when he was drunk, tbey never were things that told against himself. To-night he had driven Keziah forth, and so natural had been his demeanour that no one suspected it. The servants knew she had not come home, but they thought ebe muBt be stay ing at her mother's, and of course they knew better than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. Mr. Bimpler, finding Hackbit at home on his return, imigined Keaah to be in the house. He liad likewise imagined Hackbit to be ignorant of what had occurred the night before, & when Hackbit rapped sharply at his door, mad then thrust his head in, ana said, 44 Get up, Bimpler, I eay ; let's have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an unpleasant day, and meant to make up for it ; ana got up directly, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not know Mr. Bimpler was sitting dressed by the window. When Mr. Bimpler had fumbled about the room a little, he lit his candle, completed his toilet as if it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked in the dining-room, bat found no Mr. Hackbit. He was surprised. He went into the hall and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and went there. "I eay, what are you doing P" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candle. 4 1 1 am going to get some wood to light a fire in the drawing-room adding, with great as sumption of grandeur, 14 We'll sit in the draw ing-room, Bimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richer. Why shouldn't I nse the best room I've got?'4 "All right," replied Bimpler, amused, "that's yoar look-oat yon know. Only I shouldn't hare thought you were such a fool as to tell anyone you are rich." 44 You are not the outBide world." " No ; and you're shrewd enough to know I should know in any case. That's it, isn't it, Hackbit f" A large fire was soon burning in the drawing- room, what with the nnuBual quantity of wood end the bellows whioh Mr. Bimpler plied. Haekhit eat down complacently, with two or three bottles in front of him, also glasses and sugar. 44 1 eay, Simpler, bow should yon like to be a partner?" "Oh, I don't know," replied Bimpler, in differently. 4 But I eay, Bimpler, by Jove, we ere tasking money, old Bimmon and L You think you know everything, but we could sur prise you a bit. Some people save and save and eave, and never enjoy their money, I don't mean to be like that," And he pourod cot A glass of neat brand y, and took a draught Without Winking. 44 What if my father was a collier, Itnean to have a plaoe amongeountry Keptlemen, them. Bokesworth Hall is to le and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer thin these all, and, hang it, why shouldn't I life si well ? Ah, Bimpler, though they hate me, they shall envy me. If rid Josh Bimmon is content to live in thht pig-hty, all the better for me. I'll live for 4|w£w0af-4U.p As- took-anotber .draught of ftasnrtlr. . Awn me,- Bimpler," he went qkfcf -thereV home pleasure in living when yPu can buy a bone, or what not,' that tome Wtthffl by special arrangement wife Means MM, Z«ek aril Cb.,pubUto» T (232: noble lord would give his hqad for, just be cause you've the longest parse. By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one of them chips wanted it." AJJ this did not arouse the interest and sym pathy in Mr. Bimpler which it might have done had he not known about the missing paws. The man who knows that the best horse in a nee has been drugged aud will break down does not show astounding acutenassin not back- lag the House of Bimmon ; and throughout Mr. Rimpler's life he had nearly always backed the winner. lie rather enjoyed the joke of hearing Hackbit run on, however, and en couraged him to talk. |4 BOlsof sale are thegraudest investments, " said Hackbit while it can be kept dark; and my experience is," he wear on in a cunning- tone, 44 that paople who have been sold up have1 not epirit enough left to go to law with you about it, neither have they the caeh," and -he buret into a laugh. " Do you know, in .the beginning, Bimmon wanted to nay me a salary f I soon laughtfbim a lesson. I've had more than he's had, by Jove. There's a day for overy dog, and let every dog have his day." 44 Yes," Mr. Bimpler assented; 41 let every dog have his day. My day'll oome next." And he pretended to sip his brandy, 44 Don't countvour chickeos before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who wasnow getting much theworse for drink. 14 1 don't usually," retorted Mr. Bimpler. | 44 Neither do I get drunk, and so Bee double when I'm about counting them, after they're hatched." This was a little bit too refined for Hackbit in hia present condition, so he took offence. 44 -Confound you, do you mean to say I'm drunk ? 44 Certainly hot. (Why, you've only had half- a-bottle." ' It was not long before he bad the whole bottle, and his appearance began to alarm Bimpler nota little. He sulfonlyhusg his head down, and looked lowering. Attest he intently" fixed bis eyes on the door of the room. Bimpler in voluntarily gazed in the same, direction. He could see nothing. 41 What is it f" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling hand towards the docrT he hand had grown vstj bony sisco- he had taken to drinking eo. furiously, for -he had eaten hardly enough to kcop body andsoul together. - 44 What is it?1 inquired Bimpler again. 44 Don't you see those spiders ft" 44 1 can't say I do." Then yon must be drunk, or mad. Look," Himpler/' he said, rising in agitation and trembling all over, 44 have you ever seen each largo spiders ? You can't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasingeach other in two lines ; and they'll come down ; they are coming down. They're coming at me, and they're growing bigger." Bimpler became more and more alarmed. Hackbit clutched at the tablecloth,' and tried to get on the table ; but he could not ; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on to the floor. 41 Oh," he cried, shaking till the very floor shook, 44 the cloth's full of them too. See how they spread their legs and come on. Oh, let me get out of here," he screamed frantically. 44 The walls ore covered with them. Aro you a devil that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort to escape from the room, be fell face downwards upon the ground. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David Bimmon both came, at Rimpler's request ; and hy the doctor's suggestion, Mr. Saltring was telegraphed for. He arrived about 11 o'clock in the morning, and with him Dr. Towers. He' had brought tma dostor on his own responsi bility, having such great faith in him ; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Bimmon was seated in a chair, 'looking the picture of misery ; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing .very heavily. Dr. Towers ad vanced to the bedside and lifted his eyelid, and turned and looked about the room, but said nothing. 44 He'll get better now," said Mr. Bimmon, hoarsely; "he's gone to sleep. Ob,' what a night we've had." . 44 He'U never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. 44 1 have seen cases like this before. It is a possible ending to delirium trei»en. They sleep to death. I can do nothing for him ; so I had better get back.' ' 44 Wait a bit," ssid Mr. Saltring. 44 1 want you to witness something." He was ashy white. He walked towards the bed. He laid one hand upon the man who was sleeping his last sleep, and raised the other above bis head, and looked upwards. . 44 1 call Goa to witness, be Mid,' 44 that I will never eell one drop 'of any intoxioatug liquor again. Arid X will rid myself of any property I now possess that is the remit of the sale of drink." Hia raised hand fall by his side, and he faced round and looked at the astonished Joshua and Towers. 14 There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it whether the poor wretch drinks it at your counter or carries his bottle home? The mid is the same." He looked upwards again. 44 1 pray the God of pity to forgive me for the great wrong I have done the human race, for ever having sold or even given away a drop of this poison of soula. Reparation there can he none. The evil is done.' And Mr. Saltring covered his face with hia hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt- ring's neck, and said soothingly, 44 My good friend, God judges us by the motives. Could vou, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin anyone ?" ' 44 Remember the proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his bands from his face. 44 4 Evil is wrought vy want of thought as well as want of heart.' This his brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within the last twelve months," he said, raising bis white face and lookingat the doctor, 41 cases of spirits have left my ahop enough to bring this" — and be indicated with bis hand without looking towards the bed — 44 to I fear to eay how many homes. Come, doctor, let us po away. I should tike to have seen Keziah, but I can't face her. If no one had sold the brandy, be couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it." 44 He didn't buy the brandy of you, at any rate," said Joshua Rimmon, rousing himself to apeak. 44 That makes no difference," replied Mr. Saltring. 44 Come, doctor, let us go. But while he spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed had ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Mr. Rimmon's look, 44 He's gone, poor fellow," he said. CHATTER XLV1II.— Ton Towees Goes Hp fob His Last Examixacqs. It waa about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jutnley cemetery ; and in the windows of his house was a notice, 44 To Let." No one had made any search for Keziah, She was missing, and Elworthy was oissiog. The facts seemed to explain themselves. Tho house of Rimmon was disgraced. Mr. Rimpler had been engaged by Mr. Rimmon, and wasnow residing (q his house. The baby was there, too ; and Wilson had come to nnree him, at Mr. Rimmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hack- bit had left no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few week Mrs. Rimmon hod aged visibly, and seemed so near breaking up that her infirm state formed a principal reason for Mr. Rimmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Rimmon's hair had grown very grey,, and he walked with a slower step, with his head bent forward, and hia shoulders stooping. But where was Keziah? It was growing dark one evening when a ghost of her former sell —yes, a ghost even of her changed self— entered the gate of The Hollies at Bowdon. Maud had been watching at the window and saw her approach, aud flew to open the door. Keziah fell into her arms, crying \ hysterically, 44 1 have oome, Bland, tike a beggar, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Maud.44 Maud half carried, half led her into Iter favourite sitting-room, oooing over her and calling her her lost darling, her own .darling, and her own Kizzj . In an incredibly short time refreshment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud, flitting hither and thither, ewift as in tbe old days, carried most of the thing with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question her old friend. When Keziah had eaten, and waa warm, her head drooped npon ber breast, and ebe fell asleep. Maud looked at her head. Where were all the ebort carls gonef Tbe hair was shorn quite close to her bead. And her cheeks,-' how sunken they were ! Maud had placed her self so that the head might rest against her, and caressod it tenderly with her white lingers, and dropped scalding tears npon it, and re mained cramped in one position fur nearly two hours, rather than wake ber darling. Then opened her large startled eyes, end said pleadingly and quickly — 44 Look, I will tell yon something. Don't sand me out jdst yet. I have nowhere to go to." Then the recollected heraelf, and . said, " Oh, 1 was dreaming. I thought I waa back in the hospital again, - Oh; Hand," she cried, flinging hty «ras about ber ' friend' neck, "how gradient it is. true Jam here." Maud answered only by her caresses. Then Keziah drew her Load back, and looked into her friend's eyoj inquiringly. 44 Do von know?" toe asked, "Have you heard!" 44 Dearest 3Hzty," replied Maud, "if I have have heard, and if I know, t do not reproach you f "Hepmaoh mof" uii Keriab. looking juzded. Well, yes, I did provoke him ; bus I am repentant now, Maud; 1 will eo hack to him and beg his forgiveness." Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead ? It seemed so. She had been in a t109pit.1l, it appeared from her conversation. She might know nothing. "Xizzy," she said, taking the worn face betweenkerjiands-prths face that had nothing .toteeommeiditnow but its pathos— "Kizzy. you will never go jback to your husband." Keziah .etutedi. not .at the words she heard, hat thq'.tofia She looked for moTe, 1 and dia nbtpeak. - 44 Kizzy-|'»»myown love, you are free : your husband ia.daac 1 Ketiah Banff jWffilf upon .the couch, and sobbed hygttfcally <4Oh, that I had been a better watt to Mm,>vahe cried, 44 Oh, that I had been abetter wife to him. It might never have ended ap." A nd she sobbed aloud. juuuu auun. uy jLeziau, and laid her head beside hemnnd wept with her. She was weeping because she believed her friend had . fallen. 41 Kizzy," ahe arid in her ear, 44 at least if you did go awaywithhio.you havelefthim now." Keziah started np; at the words, and looked her friend in the face, "I— go away with m»« Maud! Who $uts td say it?" Bud ptdy cried, "Thank God! it is not MTrqel- Haod!"eaidKeziah. ."No: I have sunk low; butnCt eo low as that." " Oh? Kite zy, forgive rae for having believed it," said Mafid numbly. But you see it looked ao muh like it, that you -and he should both disappear." "Ho.- 'disappear!" exclaimed Keziah. aff rightedly.- ''Is be not in Leamington then ?' ' 44 No. he has never been heard of since that night . Your brother Jnbal came in here and told me all about it," . Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And thsnaa if suddenly reoollcctiug, said, " Where » vwiRifcbahiftMaud?" 'Heis1 London, Kizzy, being examined. -WiH )t talk of him u you don't mind. And'nowi J£ucrf(.had not you better go to lied P T don't, think you should talk o»y more to- night-4' : -V But X must know one thing more. Of couree; my baby has gone to father's?" \- Yes. and Wilson is there with it." Abeautiful smile broke over Kerioh's face, as she heai£ this, .and she said contentedly, " Then I think I will go to bed. Maud." It must have been about 3 o'clock in the morning, when both Maud and Keziah awoke witla start. They heard a fall and a terrible ' Whatever can it be?" said Maud ; and she flung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she searched the house all through, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of any kina to account for the noise.; Still the sound had been so loud and of so startling & character, that neither of them could sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keriah related to her friend how she had wandered along tbe road to Wover- hampton in tho night time, and then bow a break came, and she oould remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the Wover- hamptonHospital ; and ebe was told she had had & fever. - When she was well bnough to go out, they'll ad given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, c; about rdawn, Keziah fell asleep -again jnd'iMaud remained awake. The Sound s£raad heard had been exactly like the omtmhing of fhfthati.lan>pby faStisg upon it. 1 WhitfLjflaylight came, she waa glad indeed-to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. How early the post is this morning," she thought It was not a letter ; it was a telegram. She swayed rind fell, crying, in a suffocating voice, 44 My .darling's dead, he's dead.4.' Keziah, weak though she was. gained her side, picked up and read the telegram. Yes, he was dead. Maud loet ber eooiciousness entirely. And when attest she came to herself, it was only to cry, V He ia dead ! and now he will never learn to love me again." She became eo ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He -ordoed wh&t; is always ordered in such cases, mid can never be obtained— rest. And theday wore on. and Keziah and Maud wept in com pany . They were both widows now. The next morning a tetter of particulars oome. Tom Towers had passed his examina tion, and had gone to hia hotel, and right up to his room/whicD was at the top. Ana by acci dent, it waa believed, he had faQen over the ban isterB from the top to the bottom of that |re&t; building, smashing the hall temp by his Inside wsa a letter adfreued in his hand writing to his wife. 41 Read it, Kizzy," she said, 44 for I cannot.'' Kizzy opened it and read, with dilated eyes and horror in her face : — 44 1 have passed cy examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to night. Shall I tell you why ? I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not, I ought, perhaps, to have died and never fold you. But you might hear of it some way. You would bear it better comrog from me. Tbe money I have bad from you at different time has been to purchase the eilenee of a man who saw me commit the deeed, 44 And now with av last words I beg yen to forgive me, and to believe how well I have loved you. The man will trouble you no more wheu I am gone. You will, 1 know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons me, as I sm sure you will. " Youn Heabtbboee Husbaxd." Keziah did not show this letter to M«ud for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of 44 Accidental death, due to over-excitement from examination." Mand never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed ber. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where she had so often walked. CHAPTER XLIX.— Jubal Ikstbcctb m, Uncle in tub Ways of Soclbtt. Id the afternoon of a very doll Saturday in January, two yean after Keziah Hackbit and Maud Towers were made widows, preparations were being made at The Chestnuts at Bowdon for a party which Mr. David Rimmon waa to give to some of his nephew's friends. Jubal, who now boasts of something more than down on his upper lip. and has grown broader and handsomer, stands with bis bade towards the dr&wiog-toom; fire, his hands thrust into his trousers pockets and his head poised super ciliously. David, anxious and nervous, watches his cephew'6 face, as if to learn his content or discontent in it. "Well, Jubal," he remarked, passing one hand through his hair, which was growing very scanty now, "does the room look like other people's now ? Do you like it?" 44 Well, really, uncle." replied Jubal, breaking into a light laugh ana showing a shining row of teeth, 44 as I chose all the things, it woald be praising myself if I said I liked them." David hooked both his thumbs into the arm- holes of his waistnoat and luoked quizzically at his nephew. 44 Yes, of course, Jubal," he said; 44hut is the furiuture property put in the room ? You see I've no other rooui to compare it with." 44 Oh, yes." Jubal allowed, 44 it looks well enough.'' He had got into tbe way of not expressing much pleasure at anything. 44 And uncle, if yon don't mlud my mentioning it, perhaps it may bo as well that you should not put your thumbs in your waistcoat arm-holes before the fellows that are coming here. Fellows are apt to take these things for indi cations, yon kuow. And," he added, without Lotieiug the manner in which poor David removed the thumbs in question, " don't you think really now that you could raanago to use h'e just a'littlo? I shouldn't like to hear the fellows describe you as 4 young liimmon 'e ancle, innocent of h'a.' I'm sure Mudwin laughed when yon asked him to come to your ous«; and after all, it's a simple enough matter to say 4 house,' and ao much hangs on it." Poor David was completely in a flatter, and all the more likely to show badly before the "fellows" ou that account. 44 You see, .Tubal," he said, not at all crossly, 44 1 never had much schooling; I went to work when I was " "And there's another thing," said Jnbal, flushing. 41 Pray, don't refer to the time when you went to work," There was almost impatience in the tone in which David replied to this. 44 It may be an easy matter to you, Jnbal. But at my time, of life it's no easy matter. I have managed to get on and make a tittle money withouth's ; though I am sure I didn't kuow that I talked any different to other people before." . 41 That's what I thought,' ' said Jubal, " and for that reason . I draw you attention te it Dou't imagine tl(at I .wish to hurt your feelings." But Jubalh&d; hurt hit uncle's feelings, and very deeply too : but he, with his native gentlemanlinesa, which existed despite his teek of h'e, did Dot turn upon his nephew with a rude rejoinder, aa that young gentleman would certainty have done, could they have exchanged places. Neither did he wound Jubol's feelings by telling b(m of tbe wound he had inflicted, thereby proving himself the true gentleman; for are not all too rules of society founded upon this basis, the avoidance of openly wounding the feelings of others? . " I dofiH miod altering anything,' eaid David," if tarn able to do it, and it's for your welfare." "I thought you'd take it like that," return dd Jubal. "YouVe an awfully good fellow." If Jubal imagined that this salve would heal the wound be had inflicted, ha was mistaken. He had robbed hia uncle of confidence, and E'ven him mistrust of himself in place of it. He id called bis uncle a bear, aud thought that patting him ou the head, and saying, "Good feUow," as he might have done to a dog, would quite moke up for it He might have re membered that even & dog who has been well thrashed rather resents than is grateful for the Data unon the sore rilaoee riven him in taken of reconoliatioa. But ou the strength of David's saying nothing more than we have recorded, Jubal thought he would continue the lesson which had been bo well received, having no penetration into the real state of his uncle's feelings ; &s; those who do not love scarcely ever have. "And you know, uncle," he went on, " gentlemen dou'tsay 4 Sir' to one another. In fact, there's tittle necessity for calling anyone anything. If you have occasion to use a' name at all, you from your position might use the surname alone, re soon re you know & little ; otherwise you can say 4 Mr. 8o-andSo,' but never 4 dir. ' 14 Well, that is strange," said David. " I was brought up to think Sir ' the right ""ever mind what your bringing up was," returned JubaL 44 I'll tell you toe way to treat these fellows. You must pretend to look down on them instead of up to thorn." 44 Is there any neoessitv at all for that ?" said David. 41 Why should there bo looking down or looking up r' " That's just what it ifi," Jubal replied. 44 There's always looking down and looking up. Aud eo you must look down on these fellows, or they'll soon reckon you up. You moan't remember anything except thatyou're a manufacturer and a rich man ; and these fellows may be swells and all that, but I can tell you, , oimelves, tbev often don't know which way to turn for money % «o you've no need to let them look down on you. And now, uncle, if you don't object, I'll put you into your suit, so that you may have time to get used to it a bit." This suit was of a pattern such as David had never had on before. But, as Jubal had told his uncle, he dressed altogether out of his position. 44 Yes, I'll put the suit on if you like, JabaL. I'm afraid it won't look very wet) on me. And you didn't tell me what these round tables are for, JabaL" 41 Oh, never mind about that," replied his nephew. 44 Come and have your clothes on." As they pawed out at the door. David looked back ruefully at his .metamorphosed drawing- room. It was very pretty, with its rose- coloured curtains and furniture, pale carpet, and strange cabinets. But David's drawing- room was gone. He could never take a Sunday afternoon nap on thai couch. It made him tremble even to think of it. In fact, he couldn't use the room for anything any more. Every thing wu gone that he wanted, and everything there was useless to him ; and there was a great deal of disappointment in his mind when he looked at tbe spot formerly occupied by an old- fashioned bureau which would open out, and on which he wrote his letters, red in the drawer of which he kept his camomile flowers, from which he made hero tea, re he called it. It was hard to aee this spot occupied by a perfectly useless thing with glass in front, through - which could be seen a number of very ugly curiosities. However R had been inevitable, as the new suit proved to be. 44 There, uncle, you'll look something tike, now," said young Rimmon, standing at a little distance for the purpose of j edging toe effect of this new tailoring achievement. " It doeant feel very comfortable," David remarked, ruefully. " XFe too tight around toe waist. I must undo this button." "Oh, no ; you mustn't do anything of the sort. That would spoil the effect entirely. You'll soon get used to it. And, you see, when that's buttoned you won't forget and put your thumbs in yoar waistcoat armholes, or your waistcoat pocket." "It's very hot and uncomfortable up here," said David, feeling towards bu chest. "It seems too thick somehow." 44 If it's hot all toe better this cold weather. They always put a bit of padding in there: it makes the coat ait well. You'll get to uke it." " But, really, I can assure you, Jubal," eaid his uncle, in some concern, "I can't wear these shoes. They hurt me. I'm sure they're two sizes too small." 44 You didn't say eo in tbe shop. Besides, it's all rubbish. If people have been used to wearing boats on their feet, they're sure to fancy their fret are confined too closely in a pair of ordinary shoes." 44 But why can't I put on the pair of slippers that Kizzy worked for me?" pleaded David. 44 Oh, it you're going to get obstinate," said Jubal, pretending to get vexed. 44 rU try to get used to them,' said David. 4 4 Perhaps, if I walk about ia them, they'll get easier." And he made the attempt. "Oh-h-h," cried Jubal, aghast. 44 Too mustn't limp about like that. The fellowsll roar." 44 Perhaps they'll get easier just now," eaid poor David, "or else I shall really be obliged to take thein off." 44 Oh, bless yon, you'll get used to R, uncle. Everybody's boots hurt them, only they pre tend they don't. I'm sure mine do ; ana, you see, you've always the advantage of being able to put on some big shoes when nobody's here." David was silent He was ruminating. If society made such demands as these, it must surely have some big return to give. David could not exactly see any return, but then toat was bis ignorance. Taking advantage of the silence, Jubal went en talking. 44 I'm glad that tbe waiter has arrived in good time. I eh all go in and give him some directions. And miud you doxrt treat him as if he's a stringer, and had in for the evening. You must order him about well, you know. And vou mustn't say 4 please1 to him. nor 4 than you people never do that in society." Poor Dsvid felt himself in a labyrinth of new formalities and ideas. He knew his troubles wore not over. Children are to be pitied some- tunes when, under merciless teachers, they tread their first steps towards learning; but how modi more the old pupil who takes his first lessons at the tyrannical and uercfless school of society. CHAPTER L.— Jubal'b Feiends, As eight o'clock approached, the bell rang, and David trembled. He had been told by Jubal that he must receive the guests, and he inwardly wished that the earth would receive him. But the earth is not kindly in this respect; aud though for indefinite centimes she has been frequently called upon to perform this office, she has but rarely been known to ac cede to tbe demand, aud in these few cases the result has probably not produced all the satis faction desired. The waiter announced? the Honourable Pel- ham Winterfold and Mr. Allan Denleigb. David nervously ehook hands, and slunk into the back-ground, while the new arrivals ex changed greetings of a freer loud with the nephew, whom they called 44 Bimmon." They appeared to have dined, and were in strikingly high Bpirite. 44 Snug little place you have here," remarked Winterfold, addressing David, who started violently, end muttered something inaudible. 44 Yes, quite so," assented Mr. Denleigh, throwing himself unceremoniously upon one of the new satin chairs, and shaking out a highly- scented handkerchief before applying it to the prominent feature of his face. 44 Are wc to play high or low to-night?" in quired Wintertold, backing towards the fire, and remaining stationary in front of it. 44 As far as am concerned," said Mr. Den leigh, in a high treble, 44 half-crowns are all toe pieces I am worth. Plnyed out, you know, last night. Awful bad luck. We were all at Springwood'e. Deuced hot time of it. Spring- wood pt re won everything." 44 He's a trifle too sharp," replied Winterfold. 44 But. you see, one must be willing to pay a tittle for one's pleasures ; and his daughters are deuoodly fine girls." 44 Winterfold's going to iuducethe youngest to marry biro and leave the stage," said Den leigh, winking at Jubal. 44 She'd make a charming 4 my lady.' some day." 44 Thauks, said Winterfold, withont moving any feature oxoepthisupperlip, which curled slightly. 44 Marrying'e not in my line. Beeidee, 1 don't consider that Miss Juliet or her sisters would be much good in electioneering, and everything depends ou a man's' wife tf he has a Parliamentary career before him ; doesn't it, Mr. Rimmon Y" he said, appealing to David. s David was bo much aghast at what he had heard, that he oould not stammer out a 'word of reply. He had not understood the conver sation in the least; hut he was under the im- prereiou that all was not right. So he : pre tended not to hear when Winterfold addressed him, and examined a picture on the wall, ne if he had never seen it before. 14 You'd do a lot in Parliament," remaned Jnbal ; 44 you need to have a wile who would do something. Audi don't think Mies Juliet can do anything, mxleas it's dancing : eheoan't act at all; end as for tinging— well, I can't think what Springwood'e dreaming about, to put In ao many songs for her..' 44 Wall, you see," Winterfold rejoined, u toe British thratre-goer has sot a very good ear for music, and she always gets applauded. But whatever be her merits, she's not for me, even if I wished it She's already the secret 'pro perty of a certain judge who often dines at my father's table, and preaches morality to my young brothers and raters." Another ring at the belL 44 Mr. Sheridan Springwood and Mr. Richmond Scratch" were announced, Another ordeal for David ensued. He went through it better this time, however, as he thought. In shaking hands with Mr. Springwood, he remarked with cordiatity, 41 Why, I knew someone of yoar name, Mr. Springwood; I wonder if it wu a relation of youn." 44 Very likely, indeed," replied that gentle man, cheerfully. " Fve a great many about" At which there was a loud laugh, for , which. David Baw no reason. Where did the Jpeople live that yon knew ?" went ou Mr. Spring- wood, with the utmost good humour, while Mr. Scratch kept as close to him as he con veniently oould, bis head perched on one side, : fairfwg it all in. ! 44In Staffordshire," eaid David, " the Springwoods lived I knew. They were butty ooltiers, and worked in the Troworth mince." 44 In that cose,' broke in Deuleigh, 44 1 can answer for it they were no relatives of this Springwood, who is most highly connected in every way, I can assure you upon which there was another loud laugh, in which every body joined except Springwood, who ap peared rather annoyed, and curtly disclaimed the relationship. 44 Don't look back, Springwood," said Winter- fold, aggravatingly, ' or else you'll have Scratch writing a paragraph about you, in which he will say that the admirable manner in which this gentleman personifies Othello can only be accounted for by those who have the privilege of knowing him in private." 44 If I couldn't write any better than that, eaid Mr, Scratch, indignantly, 44 1 shouldn't have been so successful as I have been.'! 44 Ah, to be sure," chimed in Denleish, 44 you write paragraphs for the Police now, don't you?" . ' f . 44 If I did." replied Scratch, hotly, "fit might be possible that vou would figure in one of them." " Oh ho," brokefrom the -teat of£hBin» Mr. Sheridan'tipriogwood had "received a deeper wound than appeared on the surface; for he had never yet played OlheUo, though hewas most ambitious to do so, and had a dreamy notion that he might have made this desire of his public alter taking a little too much brandy. He looked upon himeelf as a spirit in chains, for he was at preisont playing Blue Beard in his father's theatre, where nothing beyond low borlesque was ever at tempted. David felt sorry for him, though ho did not in the least comprehend the situation. 44 Are yon fond of acting, sir ?' asked Mr. Bimmon, forgetting las part. 44 1 am obliged to be, whether 1 am or not," replied toe actor. It is my profes sion." 44 Oh, indeed !" eaid Mr. Rimmon. looking at him with a new interest 41 1 was not aware of that." And he stared at him, thinking with in himself that an actor looked uocommonly like aa ordinary man. 44 1 don't know what we've got to amuse you, gentlemen," went ou David. 44 We might get up a charade, as you are fond of acting." A great roar of laughter followed this bold sug gestion, In which all joined except Jnbal, who looked very angry, and remarked -that they were not infants in arzps, any of item, and that they would have a rubber of .wlnet as soon as the other fetiowe should arrive. They did arrive before ne had done speekfng ; and were announced : 41 Mr; Rnfus Harris, Mr. Hanson, and Mr. Medwin." After a hurried touch of hands, the gentle- ' men placed themselves round two'ttf the tables, and David saw now whatthey were for. Packs of eards began to be shuffled. At the table nearest to David, Winterfold, Denleigh, Spring- wood, and Scratch were seated; at tbe other, the rest of the party. The waiter came in with glasses and bottles, much to David'e astonishment; and feeling himself quite like a fish oat of water, he made his escape through the open -door, that he might be able to breathe a little. Returning to the room in the course of half an hour, he found it in a state of uproar. A stop alterca tion was going on between Wi«Jterfola and the comedian, in which a git sa hal ' been knocked off the table ami mashed, at Wich Mr. Scratch abstractedly aimed an empty- >jbofcile.' David could hardly believe hia eyes, r He was still more startled when he oheerredlMr. Denleigh gathering up half- crowns and picketing them with a delighted smile. < 41 They must be gambling," thought David. But Jubel assured him this wu not the case ; that each man would be given badt all his half- crowns at the end, when the party broke up, which statement wu received ifh a burst of applause, by the company, arid which poor Davie took in. David didn't smoke, and the drawing-room was getting really stiffing by means of toe fumes of eight tigare, and he was literally compelled to absent »>»»», This he did rather unwillingly ; for he was, in fact, any thing but easy at the course things seemed to be taking. Not knowing what else to do with himself, be went Into his dining-room, where aa elaborate supper waa laid, and he dreaded the moment when he should have to tit at the head of it. Tbe noise in tbe drawing-room increased. He heard a craeh, which he afterwards discovered to be caused by the fall of some of the glass peafiants from the chandeliers, at which Mr. & cratch had aimed another bottle. Random throwing was always a feature in his form of drunkenness. David thought he would quite as soon Miter a Ron's den a -go back into the drawing- room. He waited for them to break loose upon him in (he dining-room, when tbey should choose to have supper, which they did soon after 12. The drawing-room door was flung open, and the party came out quite steadily, to David's great surprifo ; they did not appear to be very drunk. Jubal placed Winterfold at David's right hand. The rest took their seats as they tiked, and with an air of being perfectly at home. 44 No journal'll get any paragraph from you, Scratch," remarked Hanson, who was sitting next to him. "You've not been looking out for anything, yon know." 44 Oh, indeed," replied Mr. Scratch, trying to fix his eye upon the speaker, but faffing in the attempt, for that organ would wander all about the room indefinitely, and his mouth was stretched into » strange smile, though be was in anything but a good humour. 44 It's a mystery how he lives at all," said Medwin, who was upon the other side of Hanson. 44 He's always sending in wrong in formation." 44 That's quite true," admitted Mr. Scratch. 44 You -see, when there's no information, what's one to do?" David heard this, and asked in some anxiety, 44 Am I to understand, Mr. Scratch, that you invent things to send as news to the papers P" 44 Well, you see, I must live," was the reply. David forgot to go on carving for a moment. He was thinking within himeelf that this accounted for statements in the papers getting contradicted tbe next day. At test David went on with his work and with a valiant effort entered into conversation with Winterfold, who was helping himself to the wine rather freely, as indeed most of the company seemed to he doing, without ceremony. 44 My nephew tells me you are at Cam bridge," he began (he nearly said 44 sir.") 44 Well, no," replied Winterfold, with an ap- ; proach to a grin, 44 1 was there." 44 Ah," said David, 44 it's the vacation now, isn't it i When will you he returning V" This question was greeted with laughter, especially by Denleigb, who explained to David that Wintenold was 44 down" for a year. 44 Down P" eaid David, interrogatively. 44 That is. he's not to go back to Cambridge for a year." 44 Oh," said David, 4 I understand you. Tour health gave way, I suppose, eir ?" uWeTL no," replied Winter fold, who cer tainly did look in pretty good health. 44 1 was sent down. Had a difference with the tutor, you know." 44 Yes," ohimed in Denleigh, 14 and it was an awful shame, for he would have been euro to have come out Senior Wrangler if he had stayed up." David, out of politeness, felt obliged to con tinue the conversation. 44 It must be very pleasant at Cambridge. I passed through it once, on my way to Ely, and I thought it looked very solemn." 44 You've never seen a degree day, have you, Mr. Bimmon?" broke in Denleigh, tooting off a glass of wine as he spoke. Dsvid confessed that he had not. 44 Very solemn," said Winterfold, 44 very. I got lent down because I smiled at one. You're notallowed to pmile in the Senate Hdose. - And yet it's difficult not to do so when you're sofuU. of pleasure at the tight of'eo much greatrie. 1 Hie Public Orator makes a speech in Latin. ' 44 Rather difficult to follow, isn't itf" askfed- Mr, Simmon. 41 Oli, no, not at ail," asserted Winterfold. 4( We're examined in it after." 4 1 don't quite understand," said David. "This is it," put in Denleigh, winking aft Winterfold. 44 Thsy think it well in the soivenltm to train spontaneous memory, and one of toe means is to reproduce tbe Public Orator's speech." t 44 And when have you to do ibis ? Soon after words?'' asked David. 14 Tbe following Sunday," answered Winter- fold. "Juutbefore the &ermon.at; the 'Varsity Church," 44 1 didn't know they had anything of that sort in churches," David remarked, considerably astonished. 44 But I should like to know how they give the draaes." "Well, the ViceChanceUor, you know,' he sits at one end." 44 Does he tit waiting for them to come in?" inquired David, trying to get details. "Oh, no. He has to march three timesround the town first, in goigeottr robes, -preceded by two big fellows with silver rfoksra, and s&aeka; on; and then they walk ail the way op the Senate House, when it'a foil, to have better effect; after which the Yio Chancellor site down, as I told you." 44 Is anybody allowed to' go in?" asked David, 44 Oh, yes. And it get pretty fall, I can tell you," 44I suppose you cheer your friends when they take their degree," David observed. Winfold shook his head. 44 Oh, no, we're not allowed to speak in the Sesate House," 44 It's very strange," replied David, 44 bat I've' somewhere got hoidof anotherimpressionabont 44 Misinformed," said Denleigb, 44 misin formed." 44 The best lark is when there are some honorary degrees," continued Winterfold. " Those fellows who are going to have a degree given them, always look twice as grand aa any body else. They quite patronise the Vice- Chancelior, and look up with a lofty scorn at the galleries, where we undergraduates are packed like so many herrings. No doubt they would like us to applaudjnnt, yon see, we're not allowed. Only wish they'd got toe Little- go to eo in for," went on. the speaker, with con siderable warmth; "they'd find it out, and perhaps they wouldn't be up taking their degree quite eo soon. A lot of 'em came and dined at our college, at the high table, where! used to dine, brine? a fellow- commoner, vou 44 Wat do they talk about, now?" said David, addressing the lellow- coamo&er...; . "Awful rot," replied Winterfold. "They did nothing hut pay each other compliments. I know od6 was tryiug not to get out of temper with another— something about the weight of the world. One said it weighed a quarter cf an ounce more than the other; and that's how it was, I think." " Really," said David, 44 had no idea thai gentlemen went to universities to amuse them selves— really I hadn't." . The three undergraduates laughed on hear ing this, "Look here, Mr. Rimmon," said Harris, with great solemnity, " I saved both these men from ruin once. The proctor got wind of us, and toe slavey let him into toe house. You've no idea what awful slave ys those lodging-house ones are. There ought to be a university regulation to make them wash themselves ; you'd say so tf you could see one. Well, when I heatd the proctor oot&ing; up stairs " 44 What is & proctor ?" asked David. 41 Oh. a kind of univeaity policeman,'' re plied Harris. 44 1 just locked ths door, and let those two swarm down a rope I've got, into the street, and there they were, you know ; and I made out there was something the matter with the lock, until they had gone clean off, down the rope at uy rate. When tbe proctor came in, he saw only me and my reading-lamp mil my books. He was quite amazod when I asked him if anything were the matter — quite politely, yap may be sure. He said be cer tainly thought he heard an uproar coining from this very window. I suggested the rooms opposite as the seat of the disturbance, and complained of the difficulty of working while there was such a row." 14 That was a very narrow escape,' said David. "I hope it was a lessen to you all." 44 Oh," remarked 8priogwood, derisively, 44 1 don't call that anything of a situation." ' Yen try it, that's all," said Denleigh, hctly. 44 He'll try a rope in another position, suggested Scratch, who was getting rather far gone, and hiccupped considerably. 44 Tin not going to give you the pleasure of writing that paragraph," retorted Springwood. 44 You had better learn to make use of ihoae you have. Oh, "he eaid, turning to 44 1 wish I had half that fellow's chances. He's always losing them. Only he other day he wasueut- speouallyio report, on toe health of oertaiu member of Parliament wbo batYbeen lyinsr st the point of death, and while he was waiting for latest details, be hanged if he didn't go and get drunk, and when the details were given him, he couldn't understand a word of it, and there was nothing in the paper next morning about it." "But there was a jolly row," Scratch allowed. 44 1 wonder they hod any. more to do with you on the paper," observed Medwin, who said vary little, but generally managed to make that little offensive. 44 They knew whom to value," said Scratch, laboriously, 44 It's more than yon aeon to." 4,IteU vou another thing Scratch did," re marked Hanson. 44 Youug Bimmon doesn't know it, I think. He went to a.greattem- perauce meeting, where "Lord , Winterfold was presiding. 44 Ah," stid Winterfold, appreciatively, 44 my dad's awful on the teetotal question." ! 44 You havenH imbibed much of his epirit, at ' any rate," put in Jnbal, laughing. 44 1 prefer to imbibe spirit of another sort," replied Wintorfold. This was pretty evident from his action at this moment. Tho gentleman about whom the story was to be told began a devil's tat'oo ou the table wish two glasses, to drown the voice of rim narrator. Mr. Hansou only raised his voice, and was ' : perfectly audible : while Medwin, who was ; his supporterin allthings, took Uie glsssesfrotn : Scratch's hands, and flung theoi quie ty under the table, for which he was applauded. 44 1 6sy Scratch went tortus meeting whore Lord W'mtei fold was presiding ; sent on pur pose to report his speech, and be hanged if he didn't go drunk to the meeting and fell asleep in the middle of it, and just half of the speech woe reported in the paper next day, and the compositor had to make something op to round it off a bit." 44 It wasn't the compositor," exclaimed the indignant Scratch, 44 who rounded it off." " rfaat'a quite immaterial to the story,' said Medwin. ' Somebody bad to' round it off. at any rate, whether it was tbe compositor or the devil.' 44 And yet he wasn't turned off the paper." said Hanson. 11 Here you behold him flourish ing like a green bay tree. Ton wouldn't take him to bo u poet, now, to look at him," went on liiatormentor. The whole company agreed that they cer tainly should not. 44 Well, it's all through a poem he wrote, that got published in the Kangaroo, that he got his position. He was only a penny-a-liuer before then, aud now be can take what he likes." Scratch suggested that he should like to take some cherry bracdy, and forthwith he helped himself, after whioh he turned very affection ately to Springwood, and announced his inten tion of dying if Juliet did not return his, affectum. " 44 She cares ao more for me,'? said journalist, 44 than if I were nobody," which was probably the truth. David began to be alarmed at tbe prospect o someprivaie revelation. None followed, how ever. But Scratch fervently promised Spring- wood that be would write the best notice imaginable about the new burlesque then coming on. 44 Look here, old fellow," he aud, 44 ycu shall write do»» what yon want me to say, and I'll put it in form." - - So Springwood and Scratch shook hands," and Scratch invited himself to lunch at Spring- wood's toe following Monday, where he would catch a glimpse of Miss Juliet before she went to rehearsal. Here, without any prelnde, Mr. Denleigb announced iu song lus intention of not going home till morning. All the company, except David, joined him in this, and a great noted ensued. . . . It was about 3 o'clock In the morning when a flood of light shot across ths path from Tbe Chestnuts, and seven rollicking figures turned out, Etill insisting that they were not going home till morning. Most of thamhad not far to go, fortunately. But -Springwood &nd; Scratch had to get into the heart ofMapchester . somehow. As a matter offset fheyfiidu't'get hipiiiftt all that-night, owiugto Mr, 'Scratch V Sitting down on a stone jo tbe high road, and refuting to stir, declaring in sepulchral toner that this was the headstoue of toe grave M. bus- fallen genius. Aa for Jnbal, ho was .stretched atiuU Jumgthj tinder the diningroom table, until his smtie And the wattrHeamed.-3iim np6taics i the former, wretobed and dazed, not an- ths least knowing what action to lake, and repeating as bittarty that he had adopted JabaL CHAPTER Id.— Tin |D0jn£z V About two miles outsids. Bowdmi..-wAs y dreary etreich of - hfldraimdyftiti -MBefljr. <tf thistles. A iridlto wook -inEttswtiuewee . of waste, wd poUsrd.CwiBera' W«flaW8 " - weird prqxutSum flourished teritklJiiff V» other trees ware to hs sesn. wtth tba - of . three solitary straight noplarertoirt fittest sentinel over a bed of osiers. The bmdwas . .f , piit to no sort of use, arid had am«iiaStid-'" 1 i forsaken. sapeot mpty to bs met with, lartmqt-. " easily to be forgotten, No cows grazed mere, . no cottagers made ose of tbe'desertyd plaioe to r run pigs or ducks ont, no birds ervef seemed ho 7V- -T be tinging in the immediate neighbourhood; . / notevuna donkey hrewsed there, though his favourite beto.wis nwet abundant. ; A narrow - footpato'lay ridit across it by the aide of toe - brook, slid finally crossed the. brook by a little < bridge, witharail ooooetddebnly. Tbei»th j wasnotmnoh womae-dbeM was la-more direct re read than across Unite fields -to almost any- -/ '/ ' where it could lead to.- At one reason. of-, u r year it nearly always became flooded. The people who owned this tend lived in an old-fashioned great house, situate In a valley .. - about half a mue distant from it. The reader j - ' might conclude either thkt there was no master to Uiis establishment, or that he was abroad. Neither was the case. Colonel Denleigh'- scarcely ever left the house, which everyone. ' else in it devoutly wished he could teaver'-fXfaair ; . "fl, led but a dreary life, except when thecqwpels- . > -/ nephew and a ehance friend aune home team .V:> ,r> Cambridge. Mrs. Deeleigh, a tall lady,' with much to boast of in the way of ancestors, and an indescribable air of never for a moment for getting that she used to be young and good- looking, invited each society us oould be got together, considering that her husband was a confirmed invalid, and a thought too lik< ly tt quarrel, and that ebe was encumbered with a rather plain daughter, who, if aha did ;Sot know that she was plain, had the lesson pretty well drammed into her in her daily contact with her worthy parents. It will be imagined - . that Winter! old's advent was a perfect podsend. 44 For who knows," eaid Mrs. Denleigh to her . husband, when be was in a rather. j better temper than usual, which was not ! saying much, 44 bnt wist be may marry Amelia ' off our hands? I do think there's nothing ao disagreeable and irritating to see a girl mete- morphosed into an old maid . under one's very eyes." 41 None of the other fellows that have come . here have married her," retorted berhnebaud. 4 imiypiflhljf. 41 Everybody isn't such t burp fool . j Mra. Denleigh was « accustomed to tfcistind r. - 1 of -remark that she Went onwithout noticing It. 44 It's of no ueb to take Aroeliu to dinner parties -i and to balls. She doesn't show there. She ' shines in a domestic light Therefore if we £' I wish to marry her, we must bring young man - to stay in tbe house and see what -he is." 44 If she ehiues in & domestic light," said the irritable father, 44 it's more than her mother Vj does." This conversation, with alight variations, took place at least onee or twiea in every vaca tion, when Allan proposed to bring a friend home. On Sunday morning following toe party at rhe Chesnt&te;, the colonel, with toe aid of tbe he butler and one or two mote servants, had been landed in tbe breakfast parlour, and waa uigrily looking ont on a dreary stretch of lawn, ind a partially frozen fishpond attbe.buttom.of A. There was no newspaper, and this always vexed him. It was toe one drawback tojton- iay, iu his opinion. For this reaeon it was but peevishly tut he replied to the greeting of wintertold, who entered toe room ae faaed- lookiag as any painted beauty appears at her breakfast-table after a night's veveL "Morning," grunted toe oolonel: 41 Think we shall have uy abating f. ashed Winterfold, tabbing his bloodshot eyee with a silk handkerchief. 4How can I tell?" replied the . coloneL 44 The weather's nothing to do with me. I wish they'd bring that breakfast in. Whereto' ' Allan?" . - 4 4 Here, uncle," said that gentleman, entering the room as washed-out as his companion,. 4 Do yon want me for anything V' 4 Where's Amefiaf" "Hangitall,ttiide, whatfa up with yen this morning ?" / ' Tbe colonel made no reply, hut continued to scowl throughtoe window. When. Amelia came in. and nodded to her cousin jhia companion, and kissed the colonel's forehead, ane seated herself at the table to dispense ths breakfast, which had been , brought in on ber entrance. Perhaps she was a trifle plain, but she looked very pleasant, which was a creditto her in such a place. 44 Are you going to help me ap to the table or not?" said the ecSonol to hia nephew. _ ' " Why,oartainly,sir," replied tbexndmdasL . 44 But you might ask in a different . manner/ - . And .Wiuterfotdon one aide, and Denbigh ssa.- i, the other, escorted toehristang ouoari tolas . -J. ecuAomed seat. , tlX / <Joavereati on was not readily mode, as toe tsrq young gentlemen had headaches; toe' rider v£» -#£ geutlemsii, a general nche all over, prbdcoedby - combined rheumatism and gout, whito, in fact ' had crippled him. As for Amelia she never talked much— perhaps because her riders had . . - sethertheexampte-of talkinga great deal more thau they should have done. v<; over, eric if ber ooosin end Mr. Winterfold -r were goiug to church with ber. .- , , 44 We may as well go," arid Denleigh to dda . . - companion, rather than in answer to his oonsmi 44 We may aee tboeegizte." " 44 What girls?" inquired lhe colonel. . ' 1 1 44 Well to tell you toe truth, we don't know," ; replied Allan, 44 out we know where they, lira,' \ and I wish auqt would rail on their folks:" - f What are they like?" toecokmal proceeded; - to ask, with a show of interest. -i>' / ' "Bather difficult to describe," said hia ; -v- sfphew. "They are both t&U.; Butlthiuk the dark, one's toe prettiest. She!a piquant, at any .rate." „ 7.7. The colonel, who was always derirotts to add "77;- to his acquaintance anv jod-Iookmjj Vomsii, .'j mentally resolved thathw wifeshouldcrilnpon "i. . ; them, whoever tbey were,- smd lorita toemto'Vv hie next dinner, fi they-pould be got to 0010.7 But he remarked sioudpotbeiug-shte to«x--a > press this to to did wish Mrs. Denletgh.?roQld Aeavntoff Ahat //: . habit .of having breakfast inched, . down, »6anj-other lady sranldT. ; -- - 7-7 ,. Before hretottoVym did arrive, butdresfad fat churto. , 44 Look ' here," rifat&Jraran; Allan .tot 44 Til show you to-day. -They ard'jfire .tobeat touwnTanl:1 ancle wants you fo call bn'tosmV 7"-'"' "Which 1 Shall not -no riutfl I Coasted outfit -'1 who they -ara,-'.liraid the proud lady,' vitha; haughty and disdainful look at her husband. . j 44 If array gentlemen «re .content discriminate leqniynteiioes. toeycan acargriy ,1% expect their wires to foUowsuit" ' " ' That morning after church Denleigh inntira- to g«t the Hector's wife to mtrqdnqe'toe lames in question to lus aunt. After ' ptece remarks, toe ladies passed op BfayjfTV Wok : Denleigh asked tbe Hector's wife who hieiy- " They etc two widows who livTtogstbelS wastoeteply, 44 Very quiet, arikeenafereliAr= deal to themtelvee, i bavo heard.- baud has been resisting that' J should get ffWTn t tl out.' ""But do yen .mean to telL Denleigh, ' that tost one with jjhe Atefe .75. carle is a widow? ' She 41 She is a widest, and'liis.to have Seen him out with hia «utee.-wt yen grow-grained, jmd wffihsxfityfetyon|ftpkT 7777 at the child."' . .. . A few minute later, as theyTfrere -vatyriqftsj along -the road have spoken of, figures moving lrieuynldattoeiwe m4_7>r! ' "brock. Be indicated toe fori lo -74.7 -End when' once the ladies of .-f ; V' had turned. ronnd the' -corner 7 it'? their own jgwundy" "f -77 -7"' made a sHnuttaneoah Sash bridge that led aeroea tbe- farook into land, and then walked leigqrriy«niteth1ajLida7;7 V, tbe two Mack advancing figures.. 41 We tnu at foke'effour ltete,heoauae,#mtoi wajw Jwm tatMnad,' " jsy AO amd 4o, nil ' vsiuquita boif. rfajwrnSajg The yoUiU- mot do. eeid Denleigh,- this -way, that way fcads.-nowhere ttsert toamrlicws iS ebe following them. vBeucMd cheelfctoiespr.s it .is," Andes iheetranmt the; greeted iumtrlth a horaeajFimeiBgwy. ; JSfc <e6 at ooaim usbA J -- '"Nat 