TUEF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. HY " NUNQUAM DORMIO." MONS MEQ in England appears to be as gay a deeeiver as her brother, Singapore, has been in Victoria. The daughter of Martini-Henry and Malacca started first favourite at li to 1 in a field of twenty-four for the. Cesarewiteh Stakes, of two miles two furlongs and 35 yards, and finished thirteenth. Joe Thompson bad aX4fl,()[>0 book on the event, and be laid the full amouut, against her—because, as "Robin Hood " tells us, "he was riled at being deliberately " put off' her." What a funny thing to be sure ! The winner turned up in a 25 to I chance—the Duke of Beaufort's Kaginiunde (by Petronel from ltagman KOLL), a uiiwji»u-iuu three-year-old with ...I., use. Ost. lum. 101b. ON his u„cii. back. Thompson cleared about a couple of thousand over his book, albeit he laid .£10,000 to 400 in one hand against the winner. Had - the . second - ^ ^ GOT home he would have won ever •£•>-,000, tlie only bet be laid against her being .£1000 to 15. WEEK before last I wrote anent a great racing event likely to be brought off in Chicago at the time of the World's Fair. Well, since then I have been seised of more tangible information that a Grand International Horse Kaeo between England, Australia and America—with a chance of entries from other countries-is being seriously talked about The proposal has been very favourably received, we are told, and such wellknown turfmen as Mr. Robert Laird have expressed the opinion tliat if the st^es w,re high enough half-a-dozen or more of our CRACK would mean something like a sweepstake atolce for horses from three, years"old upwards, ^ at weight-for-age, by nomination nominatton at £200 ^200 each, with w.th JS200,000 added money, at a mile and a-<juarter. The American idea is that declarations shUld be madeinMay,1892,andtheraceru„intheautum„ Dominie Sampson was wont to put it-" Prodigious!" Strathn,ore to tbe Rescue ! " » i. „ CHESTKB, t.ln> first three- year-old to break tbe charm and win — both V.R.C. — " Derby ,—. and Melbourne tup, has gone the way of all flesh, having yielded up tbe ghost at the Kirkham Stud establishment on Saturday last Chester was by that great Colonial sire, Yattendon (by Sir Hercules from Cassandra, by Tros), out of Lady Chester (by Stoekwell from Austrey, by HarkawayV Chester won the big double in 1S77, and by so doing landed Mr. James White, his owner (who had purchased him as a yearling for 2000 guineas), the nice little wager of £10,000 to JHW laid him which Mr. White again remarked—" Hundreds to our! How many of them r" Which elicited rom Josephus the offer Oh, _ , a hundred of them f you like." Aud down went the wager. Chester's progeny won over £80,000 in stakes. In their day great was the rivalry on the turf between Chester and First King, the former being pretty generally conceded to be the faster animal up to two miles, at and over which First King was undoubtedly his master. HA! Ha ! My Jver-lonial! Didn't 1 tell yer! It's of 110 nialtor of yuso the Americans coming their bluff over us with Six Furlongsill One Ten. On the (itli November, at Mo.mee (iullv, Mr. 8. MiH-i-'s Hiwky "cut out (lie Six Furlougs in 'Thirl.,y-soven Seconds." Eh ? What's that you m 7 1 ,n,,Rt ,,P Bn,n ': ? Now \- mind what y 8'i.vnig-, or el*! I'll put the Q(rious) C(ard) on to you. I didn't t ime the performance myself, although I was there ; but if you refer to the first reading column of this week's Sparling Standard there you will see it—In Print—written by " Diamond," thu wcD-kuoni) Sporting Li-lilitterateur. M«. S.H. Go,.LA*, the New Zealand sportsman, who has brought over such acknowledged equine cracks as Tirailleur, Timillcrie Sternchaser, lumherley and Co from the land of the moa. js an enthusiastic iast.c waterman, and no sinouch of an oarsman citlu ther. Down by the boatsheds the regular hniihtes point j with pride to the fact that at the very time his" beautiful filly, Tiraillerie, was ambling away with (he V B.C. Oaks her owner was out ' enjoying himself sculling on the Yarra. During the past week Mr. GoUan has been unremitting iu liis attention to the Queensland Intercolonial Eight, who were minus the services of a good coach ; and I have it ou tbe very highest authority on the river that his protcgrs have, benefited in no small degree by bis ministrations, Which scores One Point fo"r ths Turf, anyhow. THE conversation turned on the Malvoliu pro" test, and all at ouco His Nibs broke forth with the didactic remark that whoever the parties behind the scenes were, they had evidently cast a long-illc', if not ill-natured, eye on tbe mare Mad- Ca) 1 ' No u '' Nineteenth did you ever ? l n tllu Cen t ury, too. And even without a semblance of the plea that he was "a little wet and a little barmy." SOME few weeks back news was flashed across tiie wires that Mr. Maple had refused an offer of £20,000 for Common, the sensational winner of this year's Two Thousand Guineas and Epsom Derby. However, it now seems more than probable that the so-called oiler of £20,000 for Ooinnion did not come from the Austrian Government after all. There is (so says the Man of the World) an English bookmaker in Vienna inimed Walpole, and it is hardly likely that the Austrian Government would make any offer to Mr aple through this man. Indeed, the telegram' tself was no offer ; it simply said," "VvilT WiU you Hayes accept J;i0,000 for Common mxont" f" It BV by no ,NI„ means s a >d that the sender of the wire would give that Eu m ; it simply asked a question, and for all wc know to the contrary may have been sent to "ecide a bet of a "fiver" as to what the reply would he. ,,.„,. , , , „ „ j 1HIEK , OS , a r great —-— deal of conflicting — „ „ , „ testimony „ . „ „ j urini? tll the e "earing iiearino-nf of a NULM^ charge of unnecessarily :I.. ^'"'PP'"!? ^ 1'on.V brou^lit a./.uiiBt, the well-known J ockc y< Hayes, and tried at the Hawthorn I, 0 ° V ^ he charge was brought by S'iciety FOR the Protection of Animals, and in T„h„n OJHAIINGOT ••. the . case—aecordinf . D to the ^rjiis— f ", oojie, trainer of racehorses, gave evidence T '", B la '1' t „ t ; ili . P'^seut at Sherwood Park wa s on the 10t.lii mst., and saw Hayes, who rode bylvia 11., flog the horse unnecessarily. The animal came last. Witness had ridden the same horse previously, and never had any occasion to I w V 1 ' ' a " b , e !° re th ° . race ho tllld ' that the horse would not go if the whip was used, in cross-examination intness said that ho laid T r h o , rSe ' « x P e eted that it aud wouM win. 8o far as he knew the liorse was not to prevent it winning. It w h ^ J ^ f c S ^ Car nean both^ mounted » , immediately^afL fte rat a^d > ^ opinioT that the ^nishmeS in^e? 1 ' fixed Z he ^ at O J V T E ^ I X did more than~be wir^i'^ifi^'inX,;' m "" to mate HI."O£E S " ft J unnecessary whipnin2; S I ™ ' i„ S fact, the ^ steL,^ T ^S o n e S t a E ' l nldhf , . Btelv!ll ' ds F HaY^' rid^ w I .H V^,^^^^^^^ a " ' Ut ° U h e r ^ S S ^ t W d S T y ^ horses -ave it as ti rrV^l; i ^ T? 0 " 8 ! not acted tho ...1 1 h ""i- 1 ?^, ^ Ha y S S " . T in the manner he did the stewards , justified in disqualifying him ti„ ™ r j S", 8 '.j riding. 'J'here v was no «>•«..UO.IJ- cruelty (irocuiseu, practised h . (1( -' f ™ d aut made a statement to the effect pliat he did his best to make the horse win Rowing it was a favourite and there was a lot of "'°" e i" 00 >t, but when he saw there was no E,L A " C!! of success he did not press it rio-ht to the winning-post,. Mr. M'Keau made" a very POWERFAL appeal to the bench on behalf H&J;'ES, saying that the pony had been overfed O T THAT although Hayes bad been told it would ALLD HE was determined to do all in his power N O T Heucb held that unnecessary punishment had been inflicted en the pony, and fined Hayes 40s with £ l 14 s - costs. Now, to my way „„ thinkin'o- the ™ATTER should not be allowed to rest here I H A V E 110 sympathy with an individual who would unnecessarily illuse a dumb animal - but all HI.. ™.UO for that, there is M E T B I N G ,:lore thanmeete ON the first blush iu the charge T'oi-mn BITED against Haj-ES, which a little S EXTVA extra threshing ^ . OUT might elucidate. TUIS comes from Nunmrltah, and is verv pi'0])ei'ly roiierly headed in tlie fl.O Simi C tsmav '.. . WL,„ ,.., 1B W .._ VEI * y B a Fortune '" "Sir ISI • paner—it NINV HO 1 : , L N O over an old J , N J " E A week old or more—I notice RUAI a man has thought on, and evidently PUT into prachiio, a n;eihod by whH t, money at Monte Carlo. Tho'uo-li j^-' ca,n possible, it is to ho doiie at horse win a sum of twenty iiouv'dsaUv, .'^'"S- I attend with a very nominal' „,;f'T' '" neii sdl the knowledge for a c].»ir t!,„ r"" 1 * prove clearly by past statistics o f " anfl wil ' scheme is practicable, and no such t] advanced before I will iro backor more years, and take every none, and conclusively prove its""'"' m>ssi You will notice that I do not. pronns ring, as I nn]y expect, to hike out meeting, so that the game must last " \ndil S U f f ^ ^ ^ ^ l ? "ndpay I>"iXJSt t n d V t n ^ b u i l i & i S f t a t t !a The gentleman's name name is is S Kean K, t Wl,Y Whv who w!m wouldn't nv„ilrl,,'( be keen L.„„„ on „„ such ".'.,. a H'V ,"• ^".T' 'l"otli AT « A ,VIU OF twenty a day'' O},, T )WR days! T 111 ' J?noM comes the intelH<r„nco t, has it. in response to an application fm ^"e jockey R. Eilis, the committee'of the \J decided to renew his licence in AiiiiJ ne by winch tune he will have been standi, V „ 1"™- e T" tt,F - ]t wi!) he rem™,l,er W,at . B,ils was ad i ud S?ed guilty at the last luUnn nieetiii: gof the A.J.C. of wilfully interfering THE racing mare Amina,and his'"licence(.USPENDC during the pleasure of the stewards. Ellis M-O himself A very competent horseman in )iis<JA steering Nordenfeldt to victory in the A l Derby, as also the V.E.C. Blue Kiband. — 