" Hawks and Pigeons." AN INCIDENT OP CUP DA?. A cask illustrative of tho tlcviiiea resorted to for making money by some of thopeoplowho visit Flomingtoty on Cup Bay wis called on in tlio City Cdnrt on Monday morning (tho Arijus says) before Messrs. 15ell, Chcvry, and Lancashire, J's P. Tho complainant, who ia an elderly from tho country named James Devonshire, told tho Bench that he had gone to ,thc ITlemington racecourse on Cup day with his pockets full of money but ho returned to. Melbourne in tho evening thorohghty crestfallen, _ richer in experience certainly, but penniless in pocket. Ho had met a stranger of gentle, manly appearanco and kindly manners, who engaged him in! casual conversation, which embraced the weather and - almost every* tiling but racing. He was fascinated by tho man's talk, ancl,: thinking he must know a groat deal abotit racing since ho was apparently a book of reference on every. other subject, aslceu mm u no *. Knew anything good1'1 for tlic next race the Ytiu Yean Sfcakos. Tho stranger replied in a wiaper that ho had a veritable "dead bird " for that1 race. There were only three horses in it that had the "ghost of a chance " of winning, and two of tlicsc he and u friend had "sqUarcd," so that there was nothing left for them to do but to put their money on and go 'round after the race with a bag and carry ofl' their winnings. A friend of the stranger's came up just then, and the two proposed that they should put £50 apieco on the '. dead bird," Devonshire agreed and he and the "stranger" handed the third man their money that he might go and invest it with a bookmaker. The race came, the "dead bird" was beaten, one of tho 41 squared" horses won, and when Devon shire tnrnci to auk his new friends the why ami the wbcreforo'they had both disappeared, and he was left lamenting the loss of his £50. He sought the police, and told Plain-clothes Constable G-leesoft the story of his tronbles. That olliccr later! ou arrested a man named William Byrne a^ one of the conspirators, and charged him with conspiring with another raau, nanie unknown, to obtain £50 by falao pretence^ from Devonshire. The accused was remanded to appear at the FJemingt'n Court'on Tuesday next, and bail ivns allowed in thd sum of £200, 