AN UNJUST JUDGE. Ai:jiii>gki> mow the ^Fkmoies of X)B. AIartix HesSH.IUS BY J. S. Lk Fa>*u. Mr Justice Harbottle, ouc of tlie judges in tin* court of common picas, was, at the time of his death, in 174S, a man of some sixty seven years. He had a great mulberry colored face, a big. oarbunelcd nose, tierce eves, aud a grim and brutal mouth. It was si most formidable face, for there were evidences of intellectual power in the forma tion and lines of the forehead. His voice was loud and harsh, and gave effect to the sarcasm which was his habitual weapon on the bench. Tins old gentleman li:ul the re putation of being about the wickedest man in Hngland. He had carried cases his own way it was said, in spite of counsel, authorities, aud even of juries, by a sort of cajolery, -violence, and bamboozling that somehow con fused and overpowered resistance. He had never actually committed himself ; he was too cunning to do that. He had the character of being, however, a dangerous and un scrupulous judge. One night, during the session of 17-10, this old judge, returning from the House of Lords to his house close by, sent bis chair home empty, and with two footmen, each with a flambeau, set outon foot in preference, in one of those narrow streets of tall houses, 2>erfcotly silent at that hoiir^ he overtook a v:ry singular-looking gentleman. He had a h jUle-green coat, on, with a capo to it, and large stone buttons, a broad-leafed, low crowned hat, from under which a big 2»uwdercd wig escaped ; he sitoped very much and supported his bonding knees with the aid of a cruteh-liandlcd cane, and so shuffled and tottered along painfully. ** 1 ask 3"our pardon, sir,** said this old man, in a very quavering voice, as the burly judge came up with him. The judge stopped short, and said, in his harsh, peremptory tones, " Well, sir, how can T serve y«m :** " Can you direct me to Judge Harbottle's house r T have sotnc intelligence of the very last importance to communicate to him."* •• H thai be so, sir. v<»u have only to ac company me a few steps farther to reach my house awl obtain a private audience, for I am •fudge Harbottle,'* With this invitation the infirm gentleman in the white wig complied very readily, and in another minute the stranger stood in what was then termed the front parlor of the judge's house. With closed doors they re mained together for some time. The footman who showed the aged gentie iimn out observed that the judge's mnlherry colorcd face, pimples aud all, was bleached to a dingy yellow, and there was the abstraction of agitated thought, in his manner as he bade the stmngcr good-night. The hall door had hardly closed, when the judge commanded the footman to over lake the old gentleman in the white wig, to offer him his protection on his way home,and in 110 case to show his face again without liaviijg ascertained where he lodged, and who he was, and all about him. "By Uod. sirrah, if you fail mo in this you doff 1113* lively to-nightr'" The old man hud just told the judge a rery strangc story. He might be himself a conspirator: lie might possibty be crazed, nr possibly his whole story was straight and true. '• There is, perhaps vim are not aware, my lord," lie had begun, " a prisoner ill Shrewsbury Uahl. charged with having forged a bill of exchange for a hun dred and twenty pounds, and his inline is Lewis rvuewcek, a grocer of (hat town. It has come to my knowledge, my lord, that a secret tribunal is in process of formation, the object of which is to take cognisance of the conduct of the judges in his ease: and first, of your conduct, my lord. Tt is a. wicked conspiracy." " Who are of it':"' demands the judge. " 1 know not a single name as yet; I know hut the fact, my lord. It is most certainly true.'" "I'll have you before the IVivy Council, sir,"* says the judge. " That is what I most desire : but not for a day or two, lav lord." " And wlij'so'r" '1 T have not as yet a single name,as I fold your lordsllip : but 1 expect to have a list of ilie most forward men in it, and some other papers connected with the plot, in two or three days." "Is this a .Taeobiio plot':" " 111 the main I think it is, my lord," Why, then, it is political. I have tried no State prisoners, law am likely to try any sueli. How. then, doth it: concern me:" *• Trom what 1 can gather, my lord, there are those in it who desire private revenges upon certain judges." What do thev call their cabal " J no tugti court, or appeal, my lord." "Who are you, sir: What is vour name":" "Hugh Peters, my lord." "That should be a Wbig name:" " It is, mv lord." " Where do you lodge. Mr Peters " In Thames-street, my lord, over against the sign of the "I'liree Kings.' " '•' Three Kings':' Take care one be not too many for you. Mr Peters': How come you, an honest Whig, as you say, to he privy to a Jacobite plotAnswer me that." '• Mv lord, a person in whom I take an interest, litis been seduced to take a part in it : and being frightened at ilie unexpected wickedness of their plans, lie is resolved to become tin informer for the Grown." "He resolves like a wise man, sir. What does lie say uf the persons": Who are in the plot: Dotli lie know them':" " (July two, my lord : but he wilt he intro duced to the club in a few days, and lie wili then have a list and more exact information of their plans, and above till their oaths, and their hours and places of meetings, with which he wishes to i>e acquainted before tlicy e.au Iiavo any suspicions of his intentions. And being so informed, to whom, think von. my lord, had he best go thou: " "To the king's attorney general straight, out yon say this concerns mo. sir, in par ticular .- How ahout this prisoner, Lewis 1 viieweck "r Is lie one of t.h em :'* " J (ain't tell, my lord ; lnit for some reison it is thought your lordship will be well advised if you fry him not. I-'or if you do, it is fen;•-"(] "twill shorten your days." " So far as i can lenrn. Mr Peters, this business smells pretty strong of blood and treason. The king's (ittomey-gouei-il will know linvv to denl with it. Wlieh shall I sec ■'Ifyou give me leave, my lord, eitlicr before your lordship's court sits, or after it rises, to-morrow. I should like to eomo and tell your lordship what has passed." " Jlo so. My Peters, at nine o'clock in morrow morning. And see you play me no triek. >ir, in this matter: if vou do, by God. sir. Til lav von by the heels " " Poll need fear no trick from lue, mv lord ; had I not wished to serve you and acquit, my own conscience, I never would have come all this way to talk with vour lordship." .. " ''"'.willing to believe yon. Mr Peters: J. in willing to believe you, sir." And upon this tliey parted. " Jlo has either painted his face, or lie is consumedly sick," thought tile judge. The light had slioue more effectually upon the stranger's features as lie turned to leave tlie room with a low lmw, and tliey looked, the judge fancied, uuuutinsiily chalky. The footman despatched in pursuit, of Mr Peters, speedily overtook that feeble gentle man. The old man gratefully accepted the proferred assistance, and i>lueed his tremu lous anil within the servant's for support. They had not gone far however, when the old man stopped suddenly, saying : "Hearmo' as I live, I have dropped it. Ton heard it fall. My eyes, I fear, won't serve me, and I am unablo to sioo|> low enough ; but if (/<•'_' will look, you shall have half tlie find. It is a guinea ; I carried it in my glove." 'tlie street was silent and deserted. The footman had hardly descended to what lie termed his " hunkers " and begun to search the pavement, when Mr Peters struck him a violent blow over the back of the head with a heavy instrument, and leaving him Weed ing and senseless in the gutter, ran like a lamp-lighter down a lane to the right anil ■was gone. When an hour later, the watchman brought the man in livery home, still stupid and covered with blood, Judge Ilarbottle cursed liis servant roundly. Notwithstanding this demonstration, how ever, the judge was pleased. It was a dis guised "affidavit man," or footpad, no doubt, xvlio had been employed l,o frighten him. The trick had fallen through. "A court of appeals," such as the false Hugh Peters had indicated, with assassinations for its sanction would be an uncomfortable institution for a •'hanging judge" like the Honorable Justice Harbottlc. That sarcastic and ferocious administratorof the criminal code of England bad reasons of liis own for choosing to try that very Lewis Pyncwcck, ou whose behalf this audacious trick was devised. Of Lewis Pyneweelr, of course, so far as the outer world could see, he knew nothing. But did he not remember a certain thin man, dressed in mourning, in whore house, jjj Shrewsbury, the judge's lodgings used to be? A grocer with a demure look, a soft step, and a lean face as dark as mahogany,with a noso sharp and long, standing ever so little awry, and a pair of dark, steady brown eyes under thinly traced black brows—a man whose thin lips wore always a faint, un pleasant smile. ITad not that scoundrel an account to settle with tho judge? Had ho not been troublesome lately ? and was not his name Lewis Pynoweck, sometime grocer in Shrewsbury, and now prisoner in the jail of that town ? Judge Harbottle had done this grocer, forger, what you will, some live or six years before, a grievous wrong ; but it was not that, hut a possible scandal and possible complications, that troubled the learned judge now. Hid he not, as a lawj'er, know that to bring a man from his shop to the dock the chances must he at least ninety-nine out , of a hundred that he is guilty. In hanging that fellow, he could not bo wrong. The eye of a man accustomed to look upon* the j dock could not fail to read 14 villain" written 1 sharp and clear in Ins plotting face. Of course he would try him, and no ouc else should. A saucy-looklug woman, still handsome, iu a inob-c:ip gay with blue ribbons, in si sac (pie of flowered silk, with a lace and rung on, much too line for the judge's housekeeper, which nercrtheloss she was, peeped into his si udy next morning, and, seeing the judge alone stepped in. Here's another letter from him,come by flic post this morning'. Can't you do nothing for him r" she said whecdliiiglv. " I'll try," said Judge Harbottle,notrais irig Ids eyes from the paper ho was reading. " I knew you'd do what I asked you," sho said. t{ The judge clapped his gouty claw over his heart and made her an ironical how. " "What," she asked, 4* will you do !-*' *'ITanghim/1 said tho judge, with a chuckle. " You don't mean to : no, you don't, my liltlemnn," said she surveying licrselt iu a inirrow on the wall. " I'm dainued but T think you're fulling in love with your husband at last !" said Judge Harbottle. " I'm Idest but I think vonJt'o growin'j jealous of liim," replied the lady, with a laugh : £i but 110 : he was always a bad one to me: I've done with him long ago." " And he with von, by George ! When lie took your fortune, and your spoons, and your car-rings, he had all he wanted of you. lie drove you from his house, and when he discovered you had made yourself comfortable and found a good .situation, he'd have taken your guiucas and silver and your ear-rings j over again, and then allowed you half-a dozen years more to make a new harvest fori liis mill. You don't wish liiiu good : if you say you do, you lie." 4* Tie wants me to send him money to fee a counselor," she said,while her eyes wandered over the pictures 011 the wall and hack again to the lookinglass, and certainly she did not look as if his jcopavdy troubled her very much. 44 Confound his impudence, the s, o>t,nh-vl !** thundered the •Tudjre; "if you answer Ids letter from lnvhouse to please yourself.you'll write your next from somebody else's to please me. You understand, my pretty witch, I'll not he pestered. Come, no pout ing ; whimpering won't do. \ou dou't care n brass farthing for the villiun, body or soul. You enme here but. to make a row. "lou arc one of Mother Carey's chicken's, and when you come, the storm is up. Get you gone, baggage I get you yotic !" he repeated, with a stump, for a knock at the hall-door, made her instantaneous disappearance indispen sable. The veucrablc Hugh Peters did not appear again. The judge never mentioned him. But oddlj* enough, considering how he laughed to scorn the weak invention which lie liad blown into dust at the very first putt', his white-wigged visitor and the conference in the dark front-parlor were often in his memory. His shrewd eye told him that allowing for change of tintsauddisguises,the fcaturejTof this false old man.who had turned out too hard for his tall footman, were iden tical with those of Lewis Pynewcck. Judge llardbottle made impiiry through the post forthwith whether any one was personating Pynewcck in prison,and whether lie had thus or otherwise made his escape. The prisoner was safe, however, and 110 (picstion as to his identity. In due time. Judge Harbottlc went circuit, and in due time, the judges were in Shrews bury. Mrs Pviieweck. in the judge's house, kept house rather solitarily at home. Now that Pynewcck stood in near danger of death, something like remorse came suddenly upon licr. She had some vague trust in the judge's good- nature, and much in the re sources of chance and accident. She had contrived to send the money ho wanted. He Would 1"* wiflirktif IimjpjiI inlvii'l! mill ««»«»»• gctie and skilled support. At last tlie intelli gence of tlic Shrewsbury assizes eaiac in the Momim/lon Adreelho e. Like an impatient reader of a novel, wiio reads the last page first, she read, with dizzy eyes, the list ol' t he executions. Two were respiied, seven were hanged, and in that capital catalogue was this lino: " Lewis 1'yneweek—forgery." And when she read this, stio read it over and over, feeling' very cold and sick. This htixuin housekeeper was known in the house as Mrs Carwcll—Cavwcll being her maiden name, which she had resumed. No one in the house, except its master, knew licr history. Flora Carwell ran up the stairs now, and snatched her little girl, hardly seven years of age, hurriedly up in her arms, and carried her into her bedroom, without well knowing what she was doing, and sat down, placing the child before her. She held the child before her, and looked in the little girl's wondering face, and hurst into tears of horror. She felt afraid of that little child. Hut Mr- Carwell consoled herself witli punch; she did not trouble herself long even with re sentments. Judgc Ila rhottle was soon in London again. Kxcept the gout, Ibis savage old epicurean never knew a day's sickness. Tt was the lot of the judge to try criminal cases at the Old Hailey shortly after his return. lie had com menced his charge to the jury in a case of forgery, and was, after his wont, thundering dead against the prisoner, when suddenly all died a way in silence, and, instead of looking at the jury, the eloquent judge was gaping at some person in the body of the court. Among the persons of small importance who stand and listen at the sides was one tali enough to sliow with a little prominence—a slight, mean figure, dressed in seedy black, lean and dark of visage. He had just handed a letter to the crier before ho caught the judge's eye. That judge descried, to his amazement, the features of Lewis l'yiiewcek. I fe had the usual faint, thin-lipped smile ; and with his blue elm: raised in air,and as lie seemed quite unconscious of the distinguished notice he had attracted,he was stretching his low cravat with his crooked fingers while lie slowly turned his head from side to side—a process which enabled the judge to see dis tinctly a strip of swollen blue round his neck, which indicated, he thought, the grip of the ropo. This man, with a few others, had got a footing oil a step, from which ho could better sec the court. He now stepped down, and ibc judge lost sight of him. His lordship signed energetically with his hand in the direction in which this man had vanished. He turned to the lipstail'. His first effort to speak ended in a gasp. Ho cleared his throat, ami told tlic astounded official toancst that man who had inter rupted the court. "He'shut this moment gone down there. Bring him in custody lie fore me, within ten minutes' time, or I'll strip your gown froin yonr shoulders and fine the sheriff' !" lie thundered, while his eves hashed round tlie court in search of that functionary. Attorneys, counselors, idle speotators,gazed in the direction in which Mr Justice f fur bottle bad shaken his gnarled hand. They compared notes. Not one had scon any one making a disturbance. They asked one an other if the judge was losing liis head. Noth ing came of tlie search. The judge hud received the letter which Lewis 1'yneweek had left: had he known from whom it came, ho would no doubt have read it instantaneously, As it was, lie simply read thedirootion : To He ITvucruMe, 'J'hr Turd Justine K/ijnh Jfnrhollfe. One of his M'njestfs Justices uj (he JJunornhle Court of Common 1'len*. It remained forgotten ill his pocket till lie reached home. When lie pulled out that and others from the capacious pocket of his coat, it had its turn, as lie sat in his library in his thick silk dressing-gown ; and then lie found its con tents to be it closely written letter, in a clerk's hand, and an inclosuro in "accrctary hand," as the angular scrivenary of law- writings in those days was termed, engrossed on a hit of parchment. The letter said : " Mr. Justice Hamiottle : My lord—I am ordered by the liigli court of appeals to ac quaint your lordship, in order to your better preparing yourself for your trial, that a tlTlC Bill hath boon sent down, and tlie indictment licth against your lordship for the lUUl'dcr of one Lewis I'yncwcck, of Shrewsbury, citizen, wrongfully executed for tlw forgery o{ u hjff of exchange, on the seventh da}* of March Inst, by reason of the wilful perversion of the evidence, and the undue pressure put upon the jury, together with the illegal admission of evi dence by your lordship, well knowing the same to be illegal, by all which the promoter of tho prosecution of the said indictment, Ijcfore the high court of appeal hath lost his life. 4< And tho trial of tho said indictment, I nm further ordered to acquaint your lordship, is fixed for tho 10th day of Juno next, cumiing, by the right honorable the Lord Chief-Justice Twofold, of the court aforesaid, to wit, the high court appeal, on which day it will most certainly take place. And I am further to ac quaint your lordship, to prevent any surprise or miscarriage, that your c;isc stands first for the said day, and that the said high court of appeals sits day and night, and never rises : and herewith, by order of tlio said court, I furnish your lordship with a copy (extinct) of the record in this ease, except of tho indict ment, wherefore, notwithstanding, the sub stance and cfTcct is supplied to your lordship in this notice. And further I am to inform you, that in case the jury then to try your lord ship should find you guilty, the right honor able the Lord Chief-Justice will in passing sen tcnce of death upon you, fix tho day of execution for the tenth day of July, being one calendar mouth from the day of your trial," " Caj.eu Searcher, Officer of the Crown Solicitor in the " Kingdom of Life and .Death." The judge glanced through the parch ment. u?Sblood! Do they think a man like me is to be bamboozled by their buffooucry r" The judge's coarse features were wrung in one of his sneers; but lie was pale. Tossibly, after nil tlicre was a conspiracy on foot. It was queer. Bid they mean to pistol liim in liis carriage 1" or did they only aim at frightening him r Judge Hnrbottlc had more than enough of animal courage. But with respect to this particular case of Pyno week, he lived in a house of glass. Was there not his pretty, dark-eyed, overdressed housekeeper, Mrs Plora Canvcll 1 Very easy for people who knew Shrewsbury to identify TyiiCWCok, if once put upon tile scent; and had he not stormed and worked hard iu that casc'r Had he not made it hard sailing for the prisoner, did ho not know very well what the bar thought of it 'r It would be the worst scandal that ever blasted judge. So much there was intimidating in the matter, but nothing more. The judge was a little bit gloomy for a day or two after, and more testy with everyone than usual. Time went on. The judge was growing a little morose and less enjoying. The subject struck nearer to his thoughts than lie fancied it could have done. It was now tlio ninth, and 3Ir Justice liar bottle was glad the tenth was the date set in the mysterious document. Ho knew nothing would come of it. Still it bothered him, and to-morrow would see it well over. Judge llarbottlc had appointed with two cronies of l.iuuoln's Inn to come home this night in his coach with liim to sup after the play. They were to meet liim near the entrance of Drury Lane.and get into hiscariage there, and !Jr Justice llarbottlc, who hated wait ing, was looking a little impatiently from the window. The judge yawned. He told the footman to watch for Counsellor Tliavics and Counsellor Heller, who wen coming, and, with another yawn, lie laid his cocked hat on his knees, closed his eyes, leaned back in his corner, wrapped his mantle closer about him, and was thinking of taking a nap. Those fellows had 110 business to keep a judge waiting, lie hoard their voices now. Those rake-liell counsellors were laughing and bantering and sparring after their wont. The enrriage swaywl and jerked,as one got in,and then again as the other followed. The door clapped, and the coach was now jogging and rumbling over the pavement. The judge was a little bit sulky, lie did not cave to sit up and open lii.s eyres. Let tliom suppose ho was asleep. lie heard tliem laugh with more malice than good-lmmor, he thought,as they observed it. The clocks were chiming twelve. Keller and Tliavics were silent as tombstones. They were generally loquacious .and merry rascals The judge suddenly felt himself roughly seized and thrust from liis corner into tlio middle of the seat, and opening his eyes, in stantly lie found himself between liis two companions, lleforc lie could blurt out the oath that avas at his lips, he saw that they were two strangers—evil-looking fellows, each with a pistol in his baud, and dressed ike Bow-street olHcers. The judge clutched at ilie cheek-string. The coaeli'pulled up. lie stared about liim. They were not among bouses ; but through the window, under a broad moonlight, lie saw a black moor stretching lifelessly from right to left, with rotting trees, pointing fantastic branches in tlio air, standing here and there in groups, as if they held up their anus and twigs like fingers, in horrible glee at the judge's coming. A fo<>tn>»" lo fl.o .low. He knew it was Bingly Chuff, fifteen years ago a footman in liis service, wliom lie bail turned off at a moment's notice, in a burst of jealousy, and indicted for a missing spoon. The mnu had died in prison of the gaol-fever. The judge draw back in utter amazement. His armed com. panions signal mutely, and tlicy were again gliding over thisunknowii moor. The bloated anil gouty old man, in liis horror, considered tlie question of resistance. But his athletic days were long over. This moor was a desert. There was 110 help lo be had. Ho was in the liauds of strange servants, oven if his re cognition turned out to be a delusion, and tlicy were under tlic command of bis captors. Suddenly tlio coach was brought nearly lo a standstill, so that tlie prisoner saw an ominous sight from tlie window. It was a gigantic gallows beside tlie road ; it stood tliree-sided, and from oacli of its three broad beams at top depended in chains sumo eight or ton bodies, from several of which the ecrc- elothes bad dropped away, leaving tlie skeletons swinging lightly [by their chains. A tall ladder reached ,to the summit of the structure, and on tlio peat beneath lay bones. On top of tlio dark transverse beam facing the road, from which, as from tlie other two completing tlie triangle of death, dangled a row of these unfortunates in chains, a hang man, with a pipe in liis mouth, was reclining at bis ease and listlessly shying bones, from a little heap at his elbow, at the skeletons that bung round, bringing down now a rib or two, now a hand, now half a leg. A long sighted man could have discerned that lie was a dark fellow—lean, anil from continu ally looking down 011 the earth from the ele vation over wliicli, in another sense, lie always hung, his nose, bis lijis, bis cliin were pendulous and loose, anil drawil down into a monstrous grotcscpic. This follow took his pipe from his mouth 011 seeing tlio coach, stood up, and cut some solemn capers high on his beam, and shook a new rope in tlie air, crying with a voice liigli and distant as the caw of a raven hovering over a gibbet ; "A rope for Judge llar bottlc ! " The eoaeli was now driving OU at its old swift pace. Suddenly they drove round a corner of a vast while building anil under a /fnii Xile judge found himself in a corridor lighted with iliugy oil-lamps, the walls of bare stone ; it lookon like a passage in a prison. His guards placed him in the hands of other people. Here and there ho saw bony anil gigantic soldiers passing to anil fro, with muskets over their shoulders. Tlicy looked straight before tlioin, grinding their teeth, in bleak fury, with no noise but tlio clank of tlieir shoes. He saw tlicse by glimpses, round corners, and at tlie ends o"f passages, but ho did not aotually pass tliem by. Anil now, passing under a narrow door way, lie found himself ill the dock, confront ing a judge in bis scarlet robes, iu large court-house. A ease had just closed,and the hint juror's back was scon escaping through the door in tlie wall of the jury-box, There were some ilozon barristers, some fiddling with pen and ink, others buried in briefs, some beckoning, with tlic pinnies of tlieir pens, to tlieir attorneys, of whom there were no lack ; there were clerks to- ing and fro-iug anil the ofilocrscf the court.and the registrar, who was handing up a paper to the judge; and the tipstaff, who was presenting a note on tlic enil of liis wand to a king's counsel and the heads of flic crowd between. If tbis was the high court of appeal, which never rose day or night, it might account for tlic palo and jaded aspect of eveiybody in it. " Tlic king ngaiust Elijah Harbottlo" shouted the officer. " Is tlio appellcut Lewis Pynoweik in court'f" asked Chief-Justice Twofold, in a voice of thunder, Up stood Pyiicwcck from his place at the table. \-- Arraign tlie prisoner I " roared tlie olilef. Tlic prisoner, in lini'mr, objected to this pro tended court, as being a sham, and non existent in point of hnv; and lliou, that, even if it wore a court constituted by law (the judge was growing dazed), it bail not anil eoulil not liavo any jurisdiction to try him for bis conduct on the bench. "Whereupon tlie chief-justice laughed suddenly,and every ono ill court, turning round upon tlie prisoner, laughed also, till tlic langli grew and roared all round like a deafening accla mation ; but though all tlio voices laughed, not a single face of all those that concen trated tlieir gaze upon liim looked like a laughing face, 'l'iic mirth subsided as stid dei|ly as it Ijegai', Tlio indictment was read. : Judge Har bottle actually pleaded! Ho pleaded. "Hot guilty." A jury was sworn. Tho trial proceeded. Judge Havbottlc was bewildered. This could not be real. Ho must be cither mad, or yohnj lirul, lie thought. One thing could not fail to strike eveuhim. This Chief-Justico Twofold, who was knock ing him about at every turn with sneer and gibe, and roaring him down with his tremen dous voice was a dilated effigy of himself— an image of Mr Justice Havbottlc, at least double his size, and with all his ficrco color ing, and bis ferocity of eye and. visage en hanced awfully. Nothing the prisoner could argue, cite or stale, was permitted to retard for a moment the inarch of the case towards its catastrophe. The cliief-justico seemed to feel his power over the jury, and to exult and riot in the display of it. And now the charge was over, the huge chief-j ustico leaned back panting and gloat ing on the prisoner, livery one in the court turned about,and gazed with steadfast hatred on the man in the dock. And then, iu an swer to the challenge of the officer, " How say you, gentlemen of the jury, guilty or not guilty':" caino iu a melancholy vuicc tho finding " Guilty." Tho prisoner doubtless thought that, he had quite enough to say,and conclusive, why sentence of death should not be pronounced upon him: hut the lord chief - justicc pulled it contemptuously away, like so much smoke, and proceeded to pass sen tence of death nxion the prisoner, having named the tenth of the ensuing month for his excitation. Before he recovered the" stun" of this ominous farce, in obedience to tho mandate, "' K em eve t.lic prisoner," lie was led from tho duck. The lamps seemed all to have gone out, and there were stoves and cliarcoal-fircs here and there, that threw a faint crimson light on the wall of tho corridors through which he passed. The stones that composed tlicm looked now enormous, cracked, and unhewn, ne came into ii.vaulted smithy, where two 111011, naked to the waist, with heads like hulls, round shoulders and tho anus of giants, were welding red-hot chains together ; with hammers that pelted like thunderbolts. They looked at tho prisoner with fierce red eyes, and rested on their hammers for a minute, and said the elder to liis companion: "Take out Elijah Harhottle's gyves," and with a pincers lie plucked the cml which lay dazzling in the five from the furnace. "One end locks," said lie, taking the cool end of tho iron in one hand, while with the grip of a vice ho seized tho leg of tlio judgo and locked the ring round his ankle. "The other," he said, with a grin, "is welded." The iron hand that was to form the ring for the other leg lay still red hot upon tlio stone floor, with brilliant sparks spoi'ting up and down its surface. His companion, in his gigantic hands, seized tlio judge's other leg and pressed his foot immovably to the stone floor; while his senior, iu a twinkling, with a masterly application of pincers and hammer, sped the glowing bar round liis ankle so tight that tlic skin and sinews smoked and bubbled again, and Judge Harhottlc uttered a yell that seemed to eliill tho very stones and make the iron chains quiver on the wall. Chains, vaults, smiths, and smithy all vanished in a moment, hut the pain con tinued. Mr Justice Hnvbottlc was suffering torture all round the ankle on which the in fernal smiths had been operating. His friends Thavies and Boiler, were startled by the judge's roar in the midst of their elegant trifling about a marriage a In atwfv case which was going on. The judge was in panic as well as pain. The street-lamps and the light of his own hall-door restored him. "I'm very bad," growled hc,bctweou his set teeth: "iny foot's blazing. AVho was he that hurt my foot ? 'Tis the gout—'tis the gout !" he said, awakening completely; "how many many hours have we been coming from the play-house ? 'Sblood I what lias happened on the way £ I've slept half the night!" There had been 110 hitch or delay, and they had driven home at a good pace. The judge, however, was in gout: he was feverish, too : and the attack, though very short, was sharp, and when, in about a fort night, it subsided, his ferocious joviality did not return. Ho could not get this dream, as he chose to call it, out of his head. The copy of the parchment and letter, which had an nounced his trial, he would read over and over again, and the scenery and pcoi>lc of his dream wotdd rise about him in places the most unlikely, and steal him in st moment from all that surrounded into a world o shadows. The judge had lost his iron energy and banter. lie was growing taciturn and morose. The bar remarked the change, as well they might. His friends thought him ill. The doctor said he was troubled with hypocondria, and that his gout was still lurking in his system, and ordered him to that ancient liauut of crutches and. chalk stones, Uuxton. The judge scut most of his servants down to Buxton to make his lodg ings and all things comfortable for him. He was to follow in a day or two. Tfc was now the ninth, and the next day well over, he might laugh at his visions and auguries. On the eveuing of the ninth, Dr. Hed stonc's footman knocked at the judge's door. The doctor ran up the dusky stairs to the drawing-room. Judge Harbottle had fallen again among his blue devils, and was think ing of retiring from the bench, and iifty other gloomy things. But the doctor would listen to no evoking, told the judge he was full of gout, and in liis present condition no judge oven of his own case, but promised him leave to inxmotuicc on all those melan choly {questions a fortnight later. The doc tor did not think him, perhaps unite so well as he pretended, for lie told liiin ho wanted rest, ami would be better if lie went forth with to his bed. His valet assisted him, and gave him his drops ; and the judge told him to wait in his bedroom till he should go to sleep. Three persons that niglit had specially odd stories to tell. The house keeper had given licr little girl leave to run about the sitting- rooms and look at the pictures and china, 011 the usual con dition of touching nothing. It was not un til the last gleam of sunset had for some time faded, and the twilight had so deepened that she could 110 longer discern the colors on the figures on tho ehiinucy-pieoc or in the cabinets, that the child returned to the housekeepers room to find her mother. To her she related, after some prattle, an adventure of an extraordinary kind. Ill tho hall was placed tho sedan-chair wliicli the master of the house occasionally used. The doors of this old-fashioned conveyance were locked, tho windows up and the blinds down, but not so closely that the curious child could not peep underneath one of tlicm, and see into the interior. A parting beam from the setting sun, lighting on the chair, shone with a dull transparency through the crimson blind. To her surprise, the child saw in the shadow a thin man dressed iu black, seated in it; ho had sharp dark features ; his nose, she fancied a little awry, and his brown eves were looking straight before him ; his hand j was on his thigh, and he stirred no more tliuu the waxen figure she had seen at Soutliwark fair. It was not until she asked her mother who this mau was, and observed her scared face as she questioned licr more minutely upon the appearance of the stranger, that tho child began to understand that she had seen j something unaccountable. I Mrs Carwell took the key of the chair from its nail over the footman's shelf, and led the | child up to the hull, having :i lighted candle in licr hand. She stopped :it a distance from the chair, and placed tho candlestick in the child's hand. u Peep in, Margery, again, and try if there's anything there," she whispered: "hold the candle near the blind so as to throw its light through the curtain." The child peeped, this time with a very solemn face, and intimated at once that lie was gone, "Book again, and be sure," urged her mother. The little girl was quite certain : and Mrs Carwell, with licr mob-cap of lace and cherry-colored ribbons, and litir dark-brown hair, not yet powdered, over a very pale faco, uulo"ked the door, Iqoked it}, and her hold emptiness. " All a mistake, child, you see." li 'J'/trra! ma'am see there ! He's gone around tho corner," said tho child. "AViierc suid Mrs Carwell, stepping backward. " Into that room." " Tut, child I 'twas the shadow," cried Mrs Carwell,, angrily, because she was frightened, " I moved the candle." But she clutched one of the poles of the clmir, which leaned against tho wall in the corner, and pounded the floor furiously with one end of it, being afraid to pass the open i]oor the child had pointed to. Tho cook and two kitchen-maids came running upstairs, not knowing what to make of this unwonted alarm. They all searched the room ; but it was still ..empty, and no sign of any one's having been there. About two hour's later Mrs Mora Carwell was going up the great staircase withapos-cfc for the judge in a china-bowl, on a little silver tray. Across the top of the well-stair case there runs a massive oak vail, and, rais ing her eyes accidentally, sho saw an ex tremely odd-looking stranger, slim and long, leaning .carelessly over with a pipe between his fiuger and thumb. Nose, lips, ami chiu secured nil to drop downward iuto exlvuofdj nary length, as ho leaned his odd, peering face over the bannister. In his other hand he held a coil of rope, one end of which escaped from under his elbow and hung over the rail. ATrs Curwcll, who had no suspicion at the moment that he was not a real per son, and fancied that ho was some one em ployed in cording tlio judge's luggage,called to know what ho was doing there. Instead of answering, he turned about and walked across the lobby, at about tlio same leisurely pace at which she was ascending, and en tered a room, into which she followed him. It was an uncarpeted and unfurnished chamber. An open trunk lay upon the floor empty, and beside it the coil of roito : but except herself there was no one in the room. Airs Carwcll was very much frightened, and now concluded that the child must have seen the same ghost that had just appeared to her. Perhaps it was a relief to believe so ; for the face, figure, and dress described by the child wero awfully like Pynewcck, and this certainly was not ho. Very much scared and very hysterical, ATrs Cat-well ran down to her room and got some companions about licr, and -wept and talked and drank more than one cordial, and talked and wept again, and so on, until, in those early days, it was ten o'clock, and time to go to bed. " A scullery-maid remained up, finishing some of licr scouring and "scalding," for some time after the other servants that night had got to their hods. This was a low browed, broad-faccd, intrepid wcncli, with black hair, who did not " vally a ghost not a button," and treated tlic housekeeper's hysterics with measureless scorn. She hummed tunes to herself for a time, and then stopped and listened, and then resumed her work again. At last, she was destined to be more terrified than even was tlio bouse Keeper. There was a hack kitchen in this house, and from this she heard, as if coming from below its foundations, a sound like heavy strokes, that seemed to shako the earth be neath her feet. Sometimes a dozen sequence, at regular intervals; sometimes fewer. She walked out softly into the passage, and was surprised to see a dusky glow issuing from tilts room, as if from charcoal fire. The room seemed thick with smoke. Looking in she very dimly beheld a monstrous figure, over a furnace, heating with a mighty hammer the rings and rivets of a chain. The strokes, swift and heavy as they looked, sounded hollow and distant. The man stopped, and pointed to something 011 the floor, that, through the smoky haze, looked, she thought, like a dead body. She remarked no more; but the servants in the room close by, startled from their sleep by terrible scream, found lier in a swoon 011 the flags, close to the door, where she had just I witnessed this ghastly vision. | Startled by the girl's incoherent nssovcra- 1 tions that she had seen the judge*# corpse the floor, two servants, having first searched the lower part of the house, went rather frightened upstairs to inquire whether their master was well. They found him, not his bed, but in his room. He had a table with candles burning at his bedside, and was jcttiug on his clothes again : and he swore and cursed at them roundly in his old style, telling them that he had business, aud that he would discharge on the spot any scoundrel who should dare to disturb him again. So the invalid was left to his quietude. In the morning it was rumored here and there in the street that the judge was dead. A servant was sent from the house, three doors away, by Counsellor Traverse, to in quire at Judge Harbottlc'# hall-door. The servant who opened it was pale and reserved, and would only say that the judge ms ill. He had had a dangerous accident; Doctor Iledstouc had been withliini at seven i o'clock in tiic morning. There were averted looks, short answers, pale and frowning faces, and all the usual signs that there was a secret that sat heavily upon their minds, and the time for disclosing which had not yet come. That time would come when the coroner had arrived, aud the mortal scandal that lmd befallen the bouse could be no longer bidden. For tliat morning Mr Justice Harbottlc had been found hanging by the neck from the oak rail at the top of the great staircase, and quite dead. There was not the smallest sign of any struggle or resistance. There had not bccu heard acrv or any other noise in the slightest degree indicative of violence. There was medical evidence to show that, in his atrabilious state, it was quite on the cards that he might have made away with him self. The jury found accordingly that it was a case of suicide. JJufc to those who were acquainted with the strange story which Judge Harbottlc had related to at least two persons, the fact that thccatastrophe occurred oit tho tooth of the month seemed a startling coincidence. A few days after, the pomp of a great funeral attended him to the giuvo; and so, in the language of Scripture, "the rich man died and was buried." ww Ai'ijtmmi* During (.lie past year severnl physicians in New York have tried, with a gratify * success, a novel treatment for dyspepsia and cancer of the stomach by washing out that organ. The process is very simple and not dangerous. A long flexible pipe is passed down the throat, until one end is in the stomach. The upper end lias a funnel attached, into which hot water is poured until the stomach is tilled. The weight of the water in the pipe and funnel gives a hydraulic pressure sufficient to distend the stomach. The pipe has an aperture big enough to hold a lead pencil. After the stomach has been filled, the funnel end of the pipe is turned down until it is lower than the bottom of the stomach, and the stomach is emptied as a barrel of any fluid is emptied through a siphon. The process may be repeated several times. The result is that the undigested food and mucus are washed out, and the hot water closes the blood vessels and reduces infiamuiatioii. The relief is immediate. The dyspeptic may have his stomach washed out before a meal, so that he can take a fresh start. After the lapse of a sufiicient time for ordinary digestion, the stomach may be washed out again. This process has been in use at the New York Hospital, wo are informed, for some time.—St-icntijic -I mrrimii. " John," said a wife who was supposed to be on her deathbed, " in ease of my death I think a 111:111 of your temperament and domestic nature, aside from the good of th children, ought to marry again." " Do yonc tliink so, my dear." " X certainly do, after a reasonable length of time." " AVcll, nw, do you know, my dear, that relieves my mimf of a great burden. Tlio little widow Jenkins has acted rather demurely towards me ever since you were taken ill. She is not tlic woman that you are, of course, a strong minded, intelligent woman of character, hut she is plump and pretty, and I am sure she would make 111c a very desirable wife." The next day Mrs John was able to sit up, the following day slio went downstairs, and on tlic tlnrd day she was planning a u ilvesa A good --lory is told about Admiral Braille's encounter with a tough and pugnacious old employe in the Brooklyn navy yard. A few days after the now commandant took charge' of the yard he was strolling about and came upon an old man "seated on a - stone and laboriously drawing a picture on the blank side of a book cover. Thinking to have a friendly chat with uuo who looked as though ho hud grown old in the service, the admiral said pleasantly, "Well, my good man, what are you doing ? " " None of your business," replied the surly fellow, without looking up. Considerably taken aback by this rude repulsion of his friendly overtures, the admiral looked at the man for a few seconds and then said, " I guess you do not know mo, my friend ; I am Admiral limine the commandant of this yard." " Arc ye growled the old man, looking up. "Well, all I kin say is, you'vo got a mighty line job, and I advise you to stick to it." llad Shakespeare been at the cashier's desk of the Lelaud Hotel, recently, when a guest stepped up to settle his hill, the hard would have found an answer to his question, " "What's in a name" Tho guest in ques tion asked Cashier Chamberlain, " Ifow much do I owe you?" "Kanio?" queried Chamberlain, mopping his beaded brow. ""White h'rost, from Chili," replied tho guest, Mr Chamberlain stopped mopping, stretched his hand over the desk to clasp thai of the guest, aud as ho shook it, he answered, " Your bill is nothing. Any man with that name coining to this hotel in this weather awakens such pleasant suggestions of what will ho six months hence that ho can have tlio best the house affords, and without COst." Strong muriatic acid applied witli a cloth, suid the spot washed thoroughly rt'ith water, is recommended to remove ink-stains from hoards. If cream soups arc to stand any length of limo after being prepared, placo a dump towel over the dish to prevent a scum from ibillg. 