A true Ghost Story. The following is a ghost story with much more foundation in fact than such yarns usually possess : — On the road leading from Egremont, Mass., to Mount Everett is a house which was once the home of a sea captain who was murdered by the insubdomate crew of his ship. After that event, on stormy nights, his wife and daughter used to be disturbed by sounds of creaking cordage, flapping sails, clanking chains, and other nautical sounds which seemed to come from the garret. Above all the rest of the noise and turmoil, whoever was down stairs could hear angry voices groans and cries for help. A great many people used to gather in the house on stormy nights to hear the un accountable and alarming racke, in the garret, but no one had enough courage to open the garret door and try to solve the mystery on such occasions. At length the widow and her daughter abandoned the house, the doors and windows of which were boarded up. All this took place fifty years ago, and but few who have seen the ruined house know its singular history. A short time ago a Mrs. Melius, a grand -daughter of the old captain, living in Lowell, received a letter from a sailor from a South American port, who said that he was on the ship with her grandfather on the night when the latter was killed ; he said the cap tain wanted him to go to Egremont and tell his wife and daughter that he had been murdered, and that enough money had been buried in one corner of the cellar to keep them in comfort all the rest of their lives. The sailor went to Egremont as he had promised, but resolved to have the money for himself. By an ingenious arrangement of chains and other available material, he originated and kept up the sup posed supernatural tumult which had driven the captain's widow and daughter from their home. He then made a successful search for the money, which he took with him to Peru. Remorse and the probability of immediate death induced him to write the letter of ex planation to the grand-daughter. 