ft(c^llcttinfjfoit|uttc8 PiMhlml KecrtJ Tuemlay, Thumhiij am! Satiiriliiii. ' I nm in the plncu where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth ; nnd there fore the truth I speak, impugn It whoso list.' TCJi'SBAY, xorjunwn si, isoi. As no doubt our renders are aware the llrst Tanmnlan Exhibition, upon any scale or magnitude, will bo opened to-morrow nt Ijuinceston. The opening ceremony will bo performed by Ills Excellency the llovcrnor of Tasmania, Sir Robert (I. U. Hamilton, and a lnr^e numWr of guests have also been Invited to l« present, including Lord Hope toun, Governor of Victoria, members of both branches of the Tasmaninn Parliament, the principal officers of the Defence Force, civic dignitaries, etc., nnd the most prominent residents of the Colony. The day hns been proclaimed n public holiday throughout Tnsmnnin, nnd ns special arrangements have lieeu made for the conveyance ot visitor* on all Government railways it is oxpected that there will lie a very large assemblage in Ijiunccston to- morrow, to witness tho pro ceedings, nnd also to have a first look nt the 'great show.' Of tho Exhi bition itself wo will hnve more to say in subsequent issues, nnd a series of descriptive nrtlcles will niso be published. Every effort Is being put forth to mnke the Exhibition ns complete nnd nttnielive as possible, and no doubt it will result in draw Ing tlioUNimls of persons to the Colony from 'over the water,' Inducing residents of coun try districts to visit Launccston, and adver tising Tasmania in such u manner ns will be of almost incalculable good and lasting benefit. The manager of the Government railways announces that return tickets nt single fnres will be issued from nil stations to Lnuuccslon from to-day until the 9th of De cember, available for return up to the 10th ot December. Other arrangements and series ot special trips are being planned and will be announced in due i:our.-e. We think more liberal fares than the above nicnl ioncd should have been ai ranged, but lio doubt this will be noticeable in future announcements. It is to be hoped such will be the case. The object is, we take it, to induce as many people as possible to take a trip to Lnunccston, nnd fneilitlos for so doing should lie nvnllnblo for nil nt the lowest cost. He diice.1 fnres arc also advertised by the United Steamship Company. Return tickets nt sin gle fares will be Issued from nil coast ports from this dale, available fur either the up or down trip by any of -the Onnpany's steamers during the time the Exhibition remains open. The very substantial advertisement for the Colony, to bo ' on view ' in Lnunccston from to-morrow, hns Incurred considerable expense, and no cheese- paring should bo pcrmiltod to intefcra with the most liberal arrangements being mnde by tlie millioritlcs (In conjunction with tlie various ' carrying ' companies etc.) and In making tho same widely known, to enable and Induce persons of nil ranks in life to visit Lannceslon nt least once during the next three montU. TUB SlI.VEU CI.IFPS.M. Co.— For some davs ppst rumors have been current at Waratah of a veiy dnmnfc'iiij: nature to tho Silver Cliff S.M. Co., to Ilieelteot that the mine was proving a failure, I lull the men hail' received their time,' etc. As rumors of a similar nature were being talked over ill at ten* Ml-Q ?f the hotels in lliirnlo on .Snlunluir |«s|t ai'! desiring to ascuruilii whether our n.Mii'ii|,ilo,ii |hi(t such emmnmd''™.^ manager of tlie mine. From him wu Icirn Hml. l'u hiu lieanl of the rumors, but there 1, nof olio i»rtle|o of truth in them. The facts of the eiue are' that ino men ra- ratly cmaieeil on the mad to tlie iiiine'fromACani t,,btoye l«n dismtoe.1, as the work is finish.*! ! llw ei|rnei|rei» employe, nt Warn tnl. wikjiiH li- esselling, elg., for tho aerial tramway hav, aim '»eu|i imjd oft, a. ll|ere is lloi'dliK more for them It, ilo until the plant „,-'*?« from Melbourne. As to tlio inine, ., -^w: 17 men at work, ami the .No, 1 up Biiiudly, ami the mine a« «? »l'»lj never louka) belter. It is a jrrer.t pity .- people am to l« fuiiiMl wilfully attempting to llij.iro tlie reputation of onp of the best Mlver mines in the clonios by ciioulafliig f.ilpo rumors concerning it. Mr. FnrbiM Mnore is eiH|iiiriiitf Into thu mnttur, nnd he iwniw iu tluit if ho can traee home the clrculatiouof an untruthful report to any one indivldul or Individuals such person* will be pmMKiitml with the utmost rigor of the law. Various scawins are also aMigntifl for tlie heavy fall in prices of shares in fliis minu, but fr,,u- what we can lenni at present Hie decline has been caused by the prevullugl (jeuural deprusilgu. 'iKPi.UKKitAi and Boinu recent deaths.' — Tliu Uuv. W, II. llowo pieaehud nt tlio i United Methodist l-'ree Church, Ihlllilo, on Buudny uvening, whou there wna n very i largu idtuudnnoc, his sormon bearing the abova title. Tlio rev. gentleman took his text from Psalnm xxxix, I, 'Lord, make mala know mine cud, nnd tho lnctBiira uf my days, what it is, that 1 may know how frail I am.' Tho (manlier considered that I hose words wore, especially applicable lo the present time. Dlseato was vury prevalent throughout Iho country, and loth young and old wmo Btrlukon down by the prevailing epidemic— influenin. One would have thought the people would bo glad of tlio opportunity of embracing Gal's words, but wu find everyone making excuses. The excusu ot tho youth is that religion 1.1 associated with the grave, nnd is very gloomy nml melancholy. Delay howovor, was very dangerous and would Dually lead In perdition, us we do not know when our end will come Life is very nhorl, even supposing wu lived tlie allotted llniu— 'II year*— nml wo should nil prepare lo meet (lod at the cud. Tho preacher made, touch ing reference, to tho deaths of Messrs 0, llenrlchs nml W. McKennn, nnd tho more recent deaths of Mrs Davis nnd Mr A, McKcmm. Me pointed out thnl. they were nil young people, and yet they had pasacd away ; and so il is with nil of us, Wo lire on the very edge ot Iho grave, nnd disease sur rounds us wnitlng to push us III. We might climb to Ihu highest summit of our ambitions, but me must eventually die, rmd we should therefore llrst prepare- for death, when we should have nothing to fear, lie had many sympathies lu general with all youth*, nnd he would not preach n religion to make them gloomy, but Uodliness'is prolltnblo in all things; inlifenNwelhasdcatli. If we nre pre pared to ilie, we uccdiipl. fear disease or acci dent that mny ovorlnka us lu the course of life. Tho rev gentleman concluded with n very earnest and solemn exhortation to those present to prepare thcmsclrci for tho life lo come, and sevend of tho congregation were much nffecled by the remark' of tho preneher. The Ilev. \V. II. Howe has hud a very trying tlmo during the past two or three weeks, nnd is at pre:cnt somewhat Indisposed in conse quence, but it is hoped that a few days rest will set him up ngnln. iNI'liUBN/.A. — Though there hnvo been but few fresh eases of influenza lu this town nml district during tho past week, there nre still n few persons whoso condition is critical. Mrs Jtylnn is inm very weak state, but Dr. Gmhain (who has been acting during the Illness of Dr. Armltngo) Is of opinion Hint his pnticnt will recover with good nursing nnd nourishing food, nnd the ease of Mr. .1. M. Alexander Is.nbimt the fame, though he is very low but slowly recovering. Dr. Armltngo is not yet able to leave his house nor is Caiitaiu Jone-, but we nre Informed that both gentlemen nre recovering their usual good health rapidly. Under tlie the heading 'Obi Lunry,' elsewhere particulars will be found of the demise of Mrs. ,1ns. Davis, of South Iliiruic, and Mr. Nieholls, senr., of llont Hurbuor, both ot whom nre reported to Imvc died from I he effects of iullueuzn. The rail particulars or thedealhs of Messrs. A. nnd T. M-Kciinn nre nlso given in another column. The fnlluenm appears to be nu the decrease, us far as new cases are concerned, nnd it is to be hoped all present sufferers will bo speedily restored to their usual health. 1'uiiMR Works Tkxdkiis.— Tlio following tenders have. been, accepted for the under mentioned works: — Rand, Zceluin to Dun das, contract 10, J. Diprosc, grubbing and elenring, 20« per chain, ditching 12s per chain ; Wynynrd Stale rehool premises, erection of n class-room, 1). Robsou, *171. The following tenders hnve been transferred as under :— If. Dlnrow*, for contract 1, raid Upper Wilinot to Forth llridgc at Promised Luiul.i.'axctlcd 22nd September, 1S!H, to T. Nolnn ; Lowe and Fanly, for erection of constable's residence and cells, .Mount Dun das police buildings, gazetted 1th August, 18U1, to John Lowe. KmiiK'/.zi.bviext,— Tlio clini-gos of embez zling monies of tlie T.H.N. Co. prefcred agilinst Arthur i'arnliani, late malinger, and Louis Home, hue cashier of the Luunceston branch, were heard nt Launccstou on Sntnr day. lloth accused were committed for trial, bail being allowed iu each case. JlBMbm.u. Skuvioi:.— A memorial ser vice was held al the Primitive Methodist Church lliiinie, on Sunday evening, when tho Rev. .1. T. l'ithou«! preached n very im pressive sermon on the death of the lute William Christopher llenrleh, one of the victims of tlie prevallingepidcmic. The con gregation was somewhat sparse, presumably in consequence of special services elsewhere. The rev. gentleman having chosen as his text portion of the (Uli verso of the 1.1th chapter of Jeremiah— ''Her sun is set while It Is yet ilny'— He prefaced his remarks with. brief refuremiu to tlio downfall ot tho Jewish nation, wrought by their lack 111 the obser vance ot tha precepts set down for their guidance. Tlie .lews, ho contended, were a nation that hml mndo their mark in the world, and were on the eve of much nobler accomplishments when they rebelled against Clod, and aroused his displeasure, and verily thcisuu ol.thclr prosperity set ore it was noon day. There was a striking analogy between the day* and tlie various phases of human life. The sun in the morning set forth our lives ns in their infancy ; noonday represented us in our prime ; nlld evrnlMe reminded us of the fading awny of our lives. Ho urged his liearers to be ever ready and waiting, as dentil was Inevitable, and seeing so many of our friends pass away from us, we ought all the more strongly to be impressed that we, top, mi|st soon pass awny. Tlio age we lived In was indeed an inventive one, but uotivlth ttnndliig all Its Inventions, nothing hml been discovered to perpetuate human lire. Medical i-clcncc had progressed in n wonderful degree, but denth still halllcd the skill of the most eminent physician. Referring to the death of the h||c Mr. Ilenrieh, the rev. gentleman mid he was n promising young fellow cut off in I lie very hey- day of youth, anil would be much ml&scd; from the home circle ns a duti ful sou nud iiiTectioiiato brother. Appro priate hymns were rendered during the horu'ec, M|sa lliggs presiding at the organ. WabatAu.— Onr correspondent wrof's rci-tenlnv :— On Saturday evening a meeting ivns heldV I he spoils when it wus decide. I to hold them on the Recreation Gmund on lloxiug Day. Tlie chairman remarked that If H/niu pMOj) were no; w bashful that there had been no necessity for this liicetilig. Last evening ' The Life of Christ' wnsciven by the ' Mirror of the World Company ' to n full house, tho pictures beiug excellent. They receive n benefit performnnee from the local ilraiii'ifie r'ub In the Athenieum to night (Tuesday). ? Itucnv Accident.— Mr. .1. Mylnn, of llurule, had his bu^-v considerably damaged by an nixiideiit which happened yesterday nun-nliu/. 3lr Jlyiail hml driven over ito thu W Koniin's, nt Siilphu; Creok, bo obt lin par, tlunlan connecteil with the fKiioral of the twu sous (Andrew nml Thomas) who died on Sunday nnd ycstenlay respectively. The i,,,,:- '«: utiidii fust to tho fenco Inside the piMhfoek, but wii: «™ litter stmthHl livother i,o»:s nnd broke away from .f. ;'-«sl2B, The buggy spcalily eame to grief against some log' ».,'l -lump., both stinfls Wing broken nnd other 'duinnKo ilonp. The horse imKscearul and Mr Mylun borro'ivoil a saddle and rnlulnck to llurule. ' ' ' ODKEM.IIWS ANNIVKllSAttV. — We Would remind tliosu Intercsteil Hint the Loyal Table Capu Li|.k-e, I.O.O.P., will celebrate their anniversary by a Inill In tlio Town Hall, Wynwanl to-morrow night. Further particulars iu udvertitemeut. I'lioi'ESROU llOHBMAlin,— A fairly (inod nidlenca nssiimbleil ut thu Town Hull lusl ulglil— though not comiucnsnr.llo with Ihu ibilll.y oC tin) pui'foniii'i'— to wltneMt a pin lormaueo given by l'lufcssor llous iniinl, .uulltlcd « Mimli', Kim, nnd Womlur.' Thure would no doubt Jinvo boon n Hindi Inrgoriiiiilloiieolmtror m niiiali xluk iics.1 being pravnlciit III the district. Tho uiilertnliiment wa« coiuiueiiccd with a tolo on the piano by tho professor, which lie played with muirlt linwer, his execu tion being oxeollent. This wim f)l lowod by a number ot'slutuht of.lwnd trfuko tvitii oiuils, milehe-, elu,, wlieiiiln tlio renmrtahlo qnlekncm ut Ilia lU'ofuHsor'u hmuls did Indcnl dceelvo Iho eyos of those forming Ilia :nu Hence. 'Tlio well- known ' lint trick' was performed iu n very clever manner, nml the wny in which eggs, dozens of bnxen, n henpof ribbon etc., etc., were produced from a lint In full view of I he audience, with Iho groatujl ease, r.inlii Prifessor llomni-ml ns n prcsf. tldfail.it. ir of cmsideinblo nhlllty. i'inch lilcFi wns peifornieil without nuy hltuli, nml nccou!|iniiicil by n cjnlliiiiuiH lluu- o[ amusing sayings. In tlio wreoiul part of tho programme the iinufeisor deinoiittraleil his iibllll.v in n plauUt or u high uriler by his rcalislie reprcsiminlioii uf a Btoiln al ra,nnd the pcrformnucu Km loudly npphiudeil. The ciitorliilnmunt coiiuluded with a very uluvar ghost Illusion, but It would have been moro enjoyable If some of those iu thu buck part of tho hull had refrained from such unseemly nml disgraceful lidinrionr— cut otllliiir, shnuting, etc.,— which ealle.1 forth n well niCTlted rjlmko rro.ii the professor. Taken altogether thu entertainment wns very siiceiMsful, Mid a word at praise Is duo to Jiddlu llousmnnl for her ndinlmblo harp ^necompuniments dining the ovenlug. A well attended mntlimo per formniico wns given ycstonlny. Ma would rein I nil our Wnr.itnh raiders of il'rofessor llmiHinnnl'setilertnliiiiicntslntlicir Mechanics liwtltulo to-niorroiv night (Wciliiosilay). Tlio Professor Is due In Jjitniho next Piiilny, so lite performnneii -:m not lili, given nshin hi Wnr.itnh. Thwe who nra 'nimble lo turn up will miss n treat — musical, uuigicnl, and mysterious. . ? ,. Lawson's Hothi..— We lenrn that Law eoii'h Hotel, Wumtnli, will shortly change hm)ds,ns nrmuguiiients nronlinost completed for .Mrs. R. W. Alfonl Inking tho Biimufrom the present proprietor. It U. expected Hint the new iiinuagciiieiit will coimucnco from tho 1st of December. ? ? TnoTTixu Match.— On Satunlay night a mutch wns mndo between Mr. J. Jones' Dairymaid and Mr. !?'. W. -Wells' Lucy, lioth well known trotting horses. Thu match is is to tnke plneo on Kit unlay, December HI, distance unu mile, stakes .CIO aside. Tin: lluitKli: Iliuss Hand.— An cuter tnlumcut of a pleasing chnraetcr is announced to lake place In the Town Hall, llurnic, on .Salunlay next, November 98, iu aid ot the funds ol the lliirnic llmss Hand. Tho cuter tninineiit will consist of a series of tuhlmiir Wrnaf (brilliantly Illniiiliintctl by magnesium light), and vocal mid Instrumeiitnl Kclctclons by Indies nud gentlemen from Penguin nud ulverstono. Postal 0 UIDE. — We have to ncknowledgo with lluiuks the reeeint of n copy of the 1'nstiil Oiilde for Tnsninnin. Tlio guide Is up to dale, nnd con tnins a ii)a.ss of inforni/itioti relaling to pmtnl, moncv onlcr.wivings Kink and telegraphic iuatte», and U invnlunble to business people and others. Tlio price is sixpence, nud we uiuhjMtaiid tluit copies can be obtained through any post olllco iu the colony or direct from tlie Government Printer, Hobnrt. CniCKKT.— Tho II wl ninleli otlho tour ot Lord Sheilicld's team ot English ehrickoters iu Australia, which coniineneed on Krlilny nt I he Ailelniile Oral, was rcsumeil cm S.itur dny. Tlie Soutli Auslmllnn team nt tlie close cf the days plav were nil disposed of fur 1IKI, nnd 'the l-fugllshingii had four wickets down for 2-111. Sojii: lNTEiiniTixo KimtitKS.— In the whole ot Ausitmlln it is estimated that there nro !Ti,O0O,(l(HI sheep slid 1 l,5U0,UIIU catllu depasturing; the value of .:i season's wool cli|i may hu estimated nt something over .C2ii,(kjii,i)00 Ftcrlliig, and tlie amount of capital invested iu tic pastoral industry in Australia Is set down nt jC!!uil,0U0,om-. .Tlio actual number uf persons employed III ordi nary pastoral labors (us distinguished from iho work of shearing) in Aiintmlia is roughly estimated at r-u,0U0. During the shearing season it mny be estimated that fully another uii,0OU persons nre employed nt tlie wool shells in xhenrers nml general hliorers. The earnings of these men vnry— fi r shearers, from *l to .t.'- 10s per .week, and for general Inliorcrs: from £1 loX'l Ids, with rations found, nceonlliig to olrciiiimtnn ces. It may lie claimed that as tho pastoral industry is tlie main source of permanent wealth nml employment In Aiihtmlln, fully three fourths of the whole of the population obtain I heir livelihood directly nud Indi rectly in the production of the staple ot thu continent. ('?human Hank Kaii.uiieh.— The fnilure ot the Berlin banking firms of Messrs. Hlrsclifcld, Wolff and company and of Messn Sommerfeld nnd Hou is nu il lust rat ion of the length of time which it liikos before n, well o.tnbllshcd fiiinucln.1 hmiitutloii cqllnps:s, If thu miblicatlon of ilelidls of nccouiils can lie withheld. The embarrassment origlunted lu thegrjnt-AYiie/, of 18711, wlicu nil llerlln went mad over n land Imoiii similar to that of Melbourne. .Suburban lands weru bought atoulragcuiis prices by iuiiiimenihlc cum. panics or syndicates. These were' financed ' by bankci'Ji who hoped ngiilnst hollo, year utter year eliargliii; up Interest to bad debts, never having thu coumgo or perhaps the menus to wipe them olF. A bad debt of that sort tempts to Bp,oculn,t|oii to retrieve what onlinary profits cannot meet, nnd nt lust tlio end comes. In connection with Hint Hcrlin laud boom, few people know Hint Mr. 1V1.1 helm who went to Germany after making a fortune lu Australia, lost nil his money In 'West Kiid'nlkihiieiils, the sites suppose! to lie world any nronoy for fashionable ! resi dences. He a'turiie.1 to Australia penuiless mid committed suicide. Rust In Wiikat. — The oiinoncnts of the rust in wheat rcnvjdy of the late Mr Smith Kllis, Imn a Vlctoiinn paper) who hnv« w persistently ridiculed (lie inililuw theory, will not be very well pleased to leani tlml,ilc«iiite all the so-cnlled i-eiuntific reasons they raised in opposition to it, wimples of mildewed seed distributed by tho late Mr Ellis to ap plicants In djiTcrcnl parts of tlio colony nre showing the msU pqrjs very nliinlv. Mrs. Kllis recently' received n letter from Mr. James Qiiiiiu, n farmer nt Kooniminipi, I,, which he stutcs that tho pnrccl of mildewed seed he received from the late Mr. Kills hns grown Into n patch of wheat now over lift high, all of which is badly .muted. Tim wheat iu the adjoining imildook, tho scc.lof which had been carefully selected, in ab solutely flee from rust. Ivxncriuienls of tills Icinil will go a long wny further to waii|» Hnlvlnu; Hip riist In whea.r prolilpin than all thu k.iigwlndcd reiwrts nnd im practical rccoiiimciuhitluns of our tiovern meut experts will ever accomplish. PlIIMITIVE MCTHoniKTCllUUCH llOIINIE. —A special prayer meeting in auummccd for Thujxlny next, to beseeeh the Divine lleing to romoveflt it is Ilia will) tho disease which is becoming SO filial throughout thu .list rid. Ministers and ChriKtlnns niull Churches in vlt.il ftt 7.80 oVIqck. ' ^^?|lnlsoever ye bIi.iII nsk the Father In My name lie will trivu It ynn.' .Iolm#l«,2lifi verso.— (Advi.) 'Mr. «'. C. lirandon,' of 'Ulverstone, ha takell up the old Penguin .Sllvernlillin- L'u.'s ground, near Penguin, and reports the exlj tcnej of a guod godsuu lode therein. 