Ths Warnsford G'"!D3t. ? " The honae is \jtj "ful!. Fiorer.cr, end Ij \- thought you would not mind eleepii g in this j room," said M-.ry Warnefcrd, as ebe ushered j me into a large, air; bedroom, intowhich the < bright rays of the setting ean were streaming gloriously on a certain afternoon in a by-gone Jane. v "I teblly eee i»o visible reason why I ehoald do eo,' : I replied jestingly, with a smile. "I think it abont as charming a • room as it well can be." ?! The loom is fairly pleasant in its way," she returned carelessly. "Only, aa you \- -know, it is supposed to be haunted." " Haunted S" I repeated, rather aghast. " Do you mean to flaythat this is the haunted '--roomf'' " Yes, it is the room that iB eaid to be baanted," she replid quietly. " Do you ob- -jsct to it ? If BO, pray say so, dear." Her words woke me to a sense of my duty • to my hostess. Oh, dear, no," I replied quickly. "I call -..—ft most interesting ?" " Very interesting, no doubt, to thoBewbo ' .believe in ghosts," Bhereturned quietly. " I donot.orl need scarcely say I should nothave . putyouiathis room." J ' Of coarse, I know that, and of oourse the ghostqueetionis all nonsense," I agreed V-Jigbtly. V , ''Jast BO, dear," she returned in the same ipne. "I knew you were blessed with a little commcn sense, and that was why I •'.-. selsc'ted you as a suitable ocoupant for this i'' : room. Wo all know that yon are quite above • anything of this sort, and do not possess sush inconvenient things as' nerves.'" And with tMfl flatteringassurance ringing *;hi Jnj ears 1 found myself alone in the >y'4»Uttt«il'aHMn fit Warneford Abbey. i I. looked onriously around it. A charming room certainly, bat haunted, the haunted room. v Now the haunted room at Warneford Abbey v about as well known as the haunted ^.'jMiise in.' Berkeley square, and for years it bgm closely looked against all possible ^ * was an understood fact that the late Sit .^ Charles Warneford did not like any mention '.jof-the Warneford ghost to be made in his .t-yjjMMC. '•'•'. ; There had been a charming mystery about .if- the"'Warneford haunted room. Everyone vV told a different story about it, and everyone j was quite sure that hisversion of it was the 'gibe birii. Some people ewore it was a man; ^^jBawlwoiito knew lor a factitwaB a woman; were sure it waa a monster, too dread> its bideonsness to be described, and bad been told, on reliable authority, a-tail and cloven feet,and its MHim Altogether was the reverse to heavenly. husband, the present bMUfcl^wtM into the property, which he :';iald%Biy. , Bhortly* i betore the time thisetory ^'"^ejjjinB, he tookqoite an original view of the ^ laae^iind proclaimed for and wide that there ghost -at -all, muoh less a monster, him up abont it. They nnroom, had it thoroughly done up refurnished, end gave it to be understood ^^^^^y^^nottinderstand how anyone \- ' j' his senses could possibly have believed C that there could have been a word of truth M thoBeold, foolish, superstitions 'stories. •• fi'A^xuL it ni ffaaa Mary coolly introduced the haunted room, tgaite like it when I found myself S.^ten'e there?. Of course it is nice to be told yon possess plenty of common sense, t^oillhat TOOT nerves are good; and equally, proclaim yourself no wiser than and your nerves only indifsuch high praise, is wV mbMl impossibility; but there is a great deal j^" \«f difference between proclaiming a thing and ^itlMbking it. •- J to ?ny hostess had forced me to thematter in-a oonventionallyjigbt n^mxaat i-'tont 'no sooner did I find myself '^ohe thlan i began to think that there is an * :: tonneoes8ary ' Bmount of conventionality in tbat if one might sometimes in an outbreak of einoerity it would flN?*^an infinite relief to one's feelings. ^ - Bat I had sot indulged in one, and there I \- j.'wfcs "" 1 the haunted room.Ieeling very muoh who once jumped a big fence by and ever afterward bad to keep '--- np:hi8Bharaater as a hard rider, most have ^igp»4 : t«oan4.-iS»a • nom in an awestraok .'^^sfiBaBeti' and came quiokly to the conclusion s.^ftal the thing I liked the least in it was the • bed. A heavy, dark, old bedstead, on whiah l-v-'-ijM McfcTiiuiainentila extremely onsttrscj.".- tive»objeots. Heads of murderous-looking ^^B&en;'and'women, interwoven among horrible, r^|"Sopen-inioathed animals, which had never been 'Copied &om; any. of the speoies supposed to .'.**. haVe -cotoe-oat of the »rk, and were not the ^ 'Sless-ghastly heeauBe their proportions were a l ;: s: fih'yiBi6al: impossibility. No, I certainly did -'^^not^ke the bed in which I was doomed to I '-VIBLEEP-1IHAT.NIGHTLBTAU. . lucky for my peaoa of miod, I ^'iiad^xnt maeh -time to spare in meditation. * f * W« tel: amved - jast in time, to dress lor Jlolly and j—and when Mary left Tne I had only jialf «n honr in which to dressing-case, rummage in my 4oz {orsome «vening clothes, and drew myeelf forainner. .•.-•.-••.- e** ^Holly was %he beauty of our family, -and, $^hta(«3oxei«f«oarBe, monopolised the almost 1 tinflividedattentionofonr maid. a • pleuant- enoagh fivening. 'T^UM^'OBdezBtood thoroughly how to keep i things going, and it was long after twelve {HiAUek<'tiMii we ladies trooped upstairs to bid.. - iblly came into my room for a few Vit^inQn^iMte, -and commented condescendingly ^^poh^heiaet -jthat it • was'. a nioe'room. I .'Ae was. rather annoyed to find it -WBnh:|»igerand more elaborately farcished •»- rf-^IlrflyjWkB: 6 capital .girl in some ways, bnt ^rf. Jostjajtriflf-- spoilt,in others, and she used to a very important young g^ best of everything. Any- J iWayf She did not stay .long with me that -t® evening,.bat, altera fewremarka as to how ;t ,MiB8: Jameson Carr-Murton — the latest -t^<Ameriean beauty—had hated ber all tbe \- svening.and how mnch more she would hate .- her before the next few days were over, she \- - went-ya#nin^bfi to her own room. waBnqttdoorsojnine. . ,Onae sgain I found'myself alone in the -. haanted room. Bat this time I was resolved not to think aboat it. I was nervous, and I ' . knew that the more iny mind dwelt apon the v-'.matter, them<orenervous I-«hoald become, and so I bustled energetically about the ; S ^roOBo, heaped coals upon tbe fire, which, had ::'' \thia season had its due, ought to have been vi:'-^onffeipabBB by> its absenoe, and began to jI. ",undria88. 1 had not mentioned anything about it to 'r^aa^ri iralWng kbout It would only have /-' "worse-, and-Molly would probably T ' ^jily hivilangfied at me had I done so, for Oiti going to sleep in the : hUinted xooin~ hemlf, she would certainly ' • have been disposed to treat the ghost questionlightly. . A tap at my door, and Harsden, oar maid, entered the toom. "I shall not want anything to-night, Marsden," I exolaimed, opon seeing her. "It yon will excuse my doing so, I wish to say a few words to you, my lady," she replied, in a rather nervous manner. "There are some terrible taleB going down in the -hoasekeepers's room, my lady, about this room," she said, in s mysterious whisper. i Thank you, Marsflen. I know all about it, though. Haunted?" I replied with wouldbe-ihaifCerenoe. ' " Yes, my lady, terribly haunted, I believe; • and, not feeling quite happy about your ladyship's sleeping here, I took the liberty of looking about the room a little this evening. 3 ' • . " Thank yon again, Marsden, lor thinking *otme. Well.and what have you discovered ?" : I joined lightly. I. "This,my lady,"she repHed quietly,draw- . \ - ingaside a curtain as she spoke, and disolos- ^ ' lSnsibaiijjd it a email panelled dodr. ffs ^ielt'aaupboard?" 2 Inquired. . - "•'No, taj lady," she replied,opening the email, narrow, extremely '"^ilfo^iay^fc* at^ia. don't |ir;'Where.;it; : leads to," she continued e, Jyi^'bnt I don't like' the looks of A- a aalt r cf :-ct r.3 irors dM I. •• >Vc n-.i. ] .^i; tiiis (ioer, il^riai;".,'' I IItars-.d viku dec.:.: jn. T-i'.re id cei'licr Key nor belt, yoar la-3j- Eh ; p,' she (i.iiioitd protcsiiDE'y. A.aJ, aeeiug th&t; she was rigl t in this, I was forced to bide my feara, and, feigning indifference, to put an end to the matter by dismissing her. Bat no sooner had she lelt me than I eeiz;-d a candlestick aca hurried into Molly's room. I had given up all idea of sleeping alone in the Warneford Abbey haunted room. Molly already was sleeping soundly, but without a moment's consideration I woke her. " What is it, dear?" she inquired drowsily. "Wake up, Molly, I'want to talk to you," I replied briskly, sitting down on the foot of her bed. " Can I sleep in here with you ?" My dear Fiorenoe, just look at the bed I" she exclaimed, sitting up aB she spoke, and bestowing an indignant glance npon me. "It is certainly rather small," I replied dolefully. ' Small! Indeed it is. 1 assure you it is nearly half a yard too short, and as to turning over in it, it is a sheer impossibility," she returned testily. " Oh, I am so glad!'' I exclaimed, and meant what 1 said." *• Glad ? " ehe repeated, " Very glad; because 1 have a huge double bed in my room, and I want yon to share it with me." But, my dear, I am so sleepy, and I know you will talk all night." No, indeed I will not, Molly," I aeBQied her. " Vou must come, really. The room is haunted." ' Haunted ?" ' See; haunted. Mary has given me the haunted room, and I assure you I don't like it." " I will come, Florence," she agreed at once. " 1 call ttiis too bad of Mary. We cannot both sleep in here; and, of course, you cannot sleep alone there." And, without further delay, she put on her dresBing-gown and followed me into my zoom. It soon becamc evident to me that ehe looked npon the forthcoming night as a rather exoiting adventure, and that upon the whole ehe was prepared to smile upon me for having sought her protection. Just as ebe was getting into bed her attention was attracted by my friend, the bedstead, and ehe peered curiously at it fcr several minutes in her near-sighted way. "1 call that distinctly nasty," she remarked with would- be gaiety. " £ wonder if one can sleep comfortably in that ted J" " Shall we try ?" I returned, suiting my tone to hers; and before long we both had our heads on the pillows, and silence reigned in the haunted room. So oomplete was the silence that I believed Molly to have gone to sleep almost immediately. I was rather restless myself, but was juBt dozing ofi at laBt, when dolly turned over so violently two or three times that she left me absolutely without bedclothes. I was obliged to remonstrate, although reluctant to do so because of her good-nature in coming into my haunted room with me. " You pulled all the bedclothes oS when yoa turned over the last time, dear," I protested gently. '*I really should not have disturbed you about it if yoa had left the sheet, bnt—" " Pray take them all," die replied shortly. Molly's temper was rather short sometimes. " Thib is a most anoomfortable arrangement." " Do not be cross," I suggested calmly. " Let as go to sleep," ehe agreed. This time nothing happened to diBiorb us, and we both did go to sleep, and slept for several hours, When 1 next awoke I did so with a start, and trembling all over eat bolt upright in bed. My breath came in quick, spasmodio. gasps, my heart beat wildly, and my eyes became fixed in a horrid stare npon the curtain which covered the seoret door. Undeniably there were footsteps coming elowly and stealthily down the hidden staircase 1 The fire burnt dimly in the grate, casting an unnatural, ghostly light over the scene, and horribly weird did that large, oak pannelled room look by that feeble, flickering light. Utterly powerless to move or soeak, I Bat therein a waking nightmare as those footsteps come nearer and nearer, until at last they stopped just outside the door. 1 tried to close my eyes; bnt no, some strange, onoanny influence seemed to hold them riveted upon the curtain, which presently was slowly drawn aside. Very stealthily the emaciated figure of a very tall woman entered the room. Slowly and noiselessly this black-robed figurecrossed over to one of the windows, pulled back the curtains with a long blue-white hand, and stood gazing outward in the soft brilliant light of the fall moon. Still unable to etir a fioger or utter even a siqgle word, I seemed to live a lifetime, while that shrouded figure stood there in that weird light with its back toward me. Suddenly it moved, turned toward me, and began to rapidly move across the room toward the bed in which I lay. Marder and insanity were plainly visible npon tbe face of the woman who approached me. Her long cloak was thrown baok, and in her right hand ehe held a large and extremely awkward looking knife. But, ah, Heaven, the relief of it 1 It was a living woman with whom I bad to deal I Another second and X had roused Molly, and waa out of bed, straggling with my foe, . whom I so much surprised by the quickness o! my movements that, with only the matter of two unpleasant gashes, one on my hand and another on hers, I sueoedingin wresting the knife from her and throwing it far away oat of the open window. Then it merely beoame a case of physical strength; and, as I was lucidly a .stronglybailt woman, I held my own very satisfactorily against ber, until Molly brought every one in the house into the haanted room by her screams in the oorridor outside it. It proved to be the housekeeper, who had lived at Warnefold for nearly fifty years, and whom no one had ever connected with the ghost in the haunted room, although the servantB declared that they had always known that she suffered from fitsof insanity, but that they had never cared to mention it, knowing that she was a favorite and a valuable old rervant. They bad believed her to be quite harmless. A little mistake, by tbe way, which might have been awkward for me. THE amount of heat which the eon sends forth every seoond is calculated to be so great that it would require 12 quadrillions of tons of coal to produce it—an amount quite beyond the power of the common mind to grasp. The amount of water which it raises from the earth every minute is estimated at the enormous weight of 37,000,000,000 of tons. TEE sting of the bee is so peculiarly con* structed that if yon pull it out, instead of relieving the pain, it adds greatly to it, for instead of pulling out the poison, yoa push it into the flesh. This is not generally known, hence the severer pain from the sting. Scrape the sting out immediately with a knife, and you scrape the poison out also, cnl soon forget you have been stung. . THE Canadian Government ceased to grant assisted passages to emigrants in July, 18S9; but the etstistios of the port of Montreal show that 8.5S0 emigrants arrived in th&t; city last year, against 7,931 the year before, and that tbe immigration is now of a better olass than formerly, the amount of money brought by the newcomers having risenfrom £85,140 to £99.GS0. Of last year's arrivals it should be said that 1,033 were on their way to the United States. THE almost nniversal verdict of German scientists is against smokinganasnufi-taking as extremely injurious. Bilroth, the famous Vienna surgeon, eays : " That the posterity of the niaotinised and alaoholised higher sooiety is becoming steadily weaker .and more nervous, is by no means surprising. The- colossal increase . of nerve . and mind diseases in oar day is andoabtedly the result, to a great extent, of tbe tobacoo and aleohol habit, and of the straining of the nervous •yatem oansed - by these poisons." 