... ON. THE WARPATH. .. The ex-Premier is again on the war path, unci if :he does, nob secure a nurabor of sculps his failure will not' be in consequenco of ' lack of burDose. or of the . helliireront spirit. Sir Henry Parkes chose Kiama ns the place wherein- to deco rate himself. with war paint and feathers. What was it that impelled him to make that uninteresting town the starting-point for the attack on his enemies? It must have1 been a mali cious force, a spirit of evil that has on some occasions dominated his whole being, and made him commit extra ordinary follies. Years ago the ex-Premier raised a spurious ghost in Kiama, and in consequence of that achievement he became an object. of contempt to ' the majority of . his countrymen. As tho result of the exposure of thntbit of humbug, which was a far more decided expres sion, of charlatanism than any of the performances of the Mahatmas, he should, one would think, have given Kiama a wide berth m tho future. Probably he would have done so had he at all times possessed perfect con trol over liis movements. The speech delivered by Sir Henry Parkes yesterday evoning was that of a very irritable and a greatly disap- nointfid man. When the venerable gentleman resigned his office a few weeks ago the public made no fuss over the incident. Nor when a few days afterwards there was published in one of his own organs some extracts from his journal, which described his feelings on being released from the cares connected with the administra tion of the Government, and contained a picture of the- Hampden Villa pea. cock sitting 'on a gate, they'did" riot declare that tho services of tho veteran could not be spared. Their feeling appeared to be ' one of gladness that lie had virtually with drawn from Parliament, arid they were hopeful that he would not again take an active part in politics. It may be assumed that this treatment was not what the ex-Premier expected, and if it made hinr nrigry no one need be surprised. Bat; whether the determi nation of the general public, and especially that of tho free-trade party, to ignore him is being resented by him, there cannnot bo a doubt, we think, that yesterday his temper was the reverse Of amiable ; nnd people who are capable oi reading between the lines of his speech have probably concluded that he is tired of contemplating peacocks on . fences and parrots in cages, and the haze over . tho city at Ave o'clock in the morning, and- has again become OUUJCUV UA (V (VlliUiVBJIl |,U UUUu more occupy the principal chair in the Colonial Secretary's Department. There- was no respect- for persons in the attacks he made at Kiama. Ho acted on the good old Hibernian principle of hitting every head he saw ; he wanted scalps, and it seemed to bo of no im portance to him whether the scalps belonged to free-traders or protec tionists. The scalp of Mr. Barton was the first that he coveted ; his attack on that, gentleman was exceed ingly fierce, but the blows were mis directed. There is no need for us to take up the cudgels on behalf of tho Attorney- General ; he is capable of defending himself, not only against Sir Henry Parkes, but against the combined free-trade party. We may say, however, that charges of' dis loyalty to the oause. of federation against Mr. Barton come witli very bad grace from Sir Henry Parkes. For if anybody has betrayed that cause it is the latter gentleman. He dropped it for the purpose of getting tho support of the labor party. After Sir Henry Parkes had made his futile effort to -get the Attorney- General's hair, ho made a rush at the leader of the Opposition. His criticisms of Mr. Ried were per fectly just, and we are sure they ex press the opinions of nearly all the leading mombers of the free-trade party. To Sir Henry Parkes it seems ridiculous that Mr. Reid should be in a position which will en title him, in the event of a change' of Government taking place, to the great office of Premier of the country. Certainly any Government of which. Mr. Reid was the head would be a curiosity ; it would be a burlesque Administration, a kind of ruling power that one occasionally sees represented in opera-boufle. From, what tho ex- Premier said last night it may be inferred that in the Assem bly. next week he will make things most unpleasant for the leader of the Opposition. Sir Henry Parkes criticised tho tariff", but his remarks wore puerile, and, therefore, unworthy of much notice. Thero is probably not, one person in the; country who believes his statement that under tho tariff of tho present Government "the poor man who earned 40s. as his week's wages when he handed it to his wifo would find that it had only a purchas ing power of 25s." And wo should have arnuch lower opinion of the ex-Pre mier than we now have if we thought that himself believed it. Because they profess to believe in protection, Sir Henry Parices declared that tho Governmentarecharlatans and mounte banks. Mr. Dibbs and his colleagues are used to this kind of abuse ; it lias clone them no harm. They will smile at Sir Henry Parkes' attack, for they know that the assailant is an old man and has ceased to be a. force in politics. 