TROVCliSt. The Rajah’s Vengeance. A STORY OF INDIA By FREDERICK M. DEY. I CHAPTER IU.--Continued. While seemingly franlc and confident with me, there were some points upon which ho was ex tremoly reticent. Ho told me that ho belonged to one of the Bajpootran sects, and was allied to the house of a powerful Rajah who only remained fiiendly with the British rule so long as it left him undisturbed in liis own possessions. The Rajah Nalimanhs was a direct descendant of a long line of princes, and, according to Simrha’a description, wan marvellously rich, proud as Lucifer, arrogant and cruel. His domain was of large extent, and was situated iu the district known as OJevpore. * Can you tell mo,’ I asked of Simrha, 1 xf you have ever known of a Hindoo prince called Havana?’ * Yes, sahib,* ho replied. The Rajah Ravana was the father of the Rajah Nahmauda.* It was only my strong self-control and power to suppress sudden' emotions which prevented me • Vfrom leaping to my feet with a ory:rof joy., ; As'it. was, I started a little, for the answer he had given told mathat, through some strange circumstance, I had engaged an my servant one who was already connected with the household of the very Rajah to whom I must look for the information I sought in behalf of Cogswell's request. It was then I began to question Simrha, and found him so extremely reticent and so loth to give me any details regarding the things I most wished to know. On the fourth day of our trip I resolved that I would be, in a measure, frank with him, and thus . ascertain if it were possible to persuade him to tell me more concerning the Rajah’s immediate surroundings. 4 Simrha,’ I said, quietly, 11, too, am going to 1 Xo India V lie c:ied. • ‘ Yes,'I continued ; 4 and am so well pleased . with you and your services that if you desire it yqa may continue with me—on one condi . * Yes, sahib V * The'condition is you remain in my service during the time I aui iu your country, and give me what aid you cau in an undertaking which I am determined to accomplish.* He w’as silent for several moments. * If tho sahib does not intend to remain long, and will not visit Odeypore daring his stay, I will readily consent to the first part of the condition,’ be said, finally. ‘Bat it is to Odeypore that I most desire to ■ go.*, . • . • •:. • •••••• 4 In that case, sahib, I cannot remain in your . service,’ , ■*. ‘.Whynot.?' , . 1 Because I belong to the household of the Rajah Nahmanda.* ... .*• 1 In what capacity do you Bervo him?’ . ‘ That which in your country you would term ; secretary.’ ’ : 4 Bat cau you not secure his consent to my plan? I asked. .. ‘Impossible, sahib V \- The tone in which he answered mo was so de cided that I plainly saw the futility of arguing with him further. - . ^ . ^ ^ Will you tell ms ; of his household I 4 What more do you desire- to know 1 Has he any family ? Would. ho entertain me for a few days at his palace ?’ 4 Ho would not refuse you if you applied to him, sahib j but, if you will allow me to adviso you, do not go there.’ * w ny, t>imrua ' Tho Rajah knows you/ 1 Knows mo t’ I cried in wonder. * Yes, sahib. That is, ho'trill know you by the time you reach his palace, and he will suspect tho Wuso of your visit.’ *■ \ * But my visit Ins no causo beyond a natural ariosity, I returned. y Pardon me, sahib, hat it has. You were for \iv years the confidential friend of Sahib Keu \Cogswell, who is now dead, and. the Itajali will Vet that it is upon his a hairs that you make \sit.* Vs astounded. \o are you, Simrha ?* X cried. 1 And liow do W these things ?* \ Simrha, a Hindoo/ ho replied, calmly, tow whereof I speak, becauso it became \p know all that concerned the Sabib \gswell when X left India.' >u were sent hero by tbe Rajah V Vbib/ Vy with another ?! \n affirmative. \go, Simrha V \the old man before bo died V but he did not ego me/ mouse many times/ he con* hrledge ?* 4 For the pi rpjie of serving my master.’ ' Simrha,' 11aid, slowly and impressively, * if you will tell mo all you know—and that you think would interest me, I will pay you well for it. I will make you rich.’ * If the sahib should give mo all tho wealth of the Eajih Nahmanda,’ he replied, 1 it would be useless for me to speak, even though I wero wil ling.* r ‘Why?’ 4 Because I should bo killed.’ ‘By whom ?’ 1 By thoso who watch mo day and night.* 1 Are there spies aboard this ship * Ay. sahib, and in this very apartment.’ I glauced quickly around, but tho Hindoo only smiled. ; 4 They cannot be seen,’ ho said, 4 and yet they 1 are here. Sse 11 will leave the apartment and go j upon deck. While lain gene, if you will recall the face of tho Sahib Cogswell to your mind, and ; then speak to it exactly as you would speak to ' him where he really here. I will return and tell you what you said and what he answered. ' What he answered !’ 4 k’es, sahib, for ho will answer you.* Without another word ho turned and left mo, while seating myself on the edge.cf my .bunk, 1 fell to picturing Cogswell's faco upon my memory. Almost immediately I felt a strango sensation in my head, as if bands of stretched rubber were bound around it; my eyes grew heavy and 1 closed them, but not in sleep; only because i* °eemed an effort to keep them open. Suddenly a very familiar voice broke in upon * What is it,. John ?’ it said ; and looking up quickly, although my oye3 still felt as if they were closed, I beheld Reuben Cogswell standing before me. He looked just as I had scon him in my in_ explicable dream the night when I obtained the signatures, and as then his presence did not seem to need an explanation to my mind. It appeared for the moment perfectly natural that he should be there. ‘Who is this Hindoo travelling with mo VI ‘ A peculiar person,’ho replied. Ho is subtle keen, and powerful iu his knowledge and com mand of the occult sciences of India.’ ‘He knows much of our affairs,' I said slowly and meditatively. ‘ He knows nearly all,’ replied tho old man, 1 What he does not know and what ho is deter mined to find out is the precise reason for your voyage to his country.’ 1 How shall I be able to prevail upon him to work for me in this matter of carrying out your wishes ? His familiarity with all the phases of Hindoo life would be invaluable to me.’ ‘Ay, John, so it would, but you must be careful. I believe Simrha to bo faithful, and possibly, if you wero frank and open with him, it might not ba amiss, Regarding that, however, you must judge for yourself, as I am unable to advise y<V Old Reuben’s face was becoming indistinct, and at it did so my mind seemed to work with more freedom, for suddenly a now thought occurred to 4 Wait !’ 1 cried. * One more question/ 4 What is it ?’ 4 Shall I find your descendant in India? Have you one there?’ Was it fancy, or did the face before mo relax into a^mile as I asked the question ? I could not determine, for the features were growing fainter and fainter to my vision. As though in the distance I heard his voice re ply to my question: 4 Av, 1 have one, John, and it depends entirely upon yourself to find her.* 4 Her 1' I cried, but he had gone. The fam iliar old faco had faded from view, and I was left I rubbed my eyes vigorously, and then with an effort opened them to find myself still sitting upon tjie edge of my bunk in the state-room with every thing that had occurred engraven forcibly upon my mind. With a strange feeling of wonder and awe, I looked around me. 4 Is my mind losing its balance 2* I asked my self, 1 Am I subject to fits of abstractedness in which I have these strange and realistic visions, dreams, in which I see ghosts ? Pshaw ! Non sense ! And yet ’ At this instant the door opened, and Simrha ap peared standing in the entrance. Tliero was a peculiar smile upon his face like that of one who was satisfied and pleased, and yet with the oppressed, tight feeling which was still hovering about me, I fancied there was something triumphant in his glance also. 1 Shall I enter, sahib?’ he inquired, respectfully; and as I nodded he came in and closed the door behind him. 4 Shall I speak and tell tho sahib what has transpired V—See Picture No. (*.—he asked; and I wondering, if ho indeed knew, and yet, dreading to share the knowledge with him, hesi tated. No 6.—‘ Shall 1 speak and tell tho sahib what has transpired ?’ asked Sirarha, My curiosity was too much tor mo, howerer, and the strange smile which still lingered about the Hindoo’s eyes seomed to urge me on. ‘ Yes,’ speak 1’ I said. 1 Tell mo all yon know —all, or leave my employ.’ 