HIS ANGEL.* Br HEXRT HEItMAJC. ct •* Scarlet Fortoae,” ** E * between tho Whiff*,” *• A Lealio^ — ir'ur Old Vtxgima,” etc* Lrtic,” CHAPIEU V.—The Si'scxan or Tirr. Pak. i£€T caa been siiun^ tnera lor n»ur a ^ii^rt^r r.f ^ hour, putting silently at tfcur agars, the old man •Urii.g in front of tA fclarilr. coldly, vacantly, the younger man ir.OTing uneasily on his ctuiir. tristful glances at his companion, nud drumming a silent march with fais fioger-tipe t*u tUa4abla.z . “XtU zee all about ye«ttel^*, nid the pioneer on a sudden. “ Let's hare a fair, r-;ZLze look at yewr devil, an* s*t if hfi'a as . cf&:'c as y*<r*Tc painted him. Tell us all about how vtvr’ve grewed np, an? whar yctr*re growed np. an* how yew’re oome to be what yew are. * I guest then m know tint I've got The roung msn hesitated for a taw. momenta undecidedly, •• I: is perhaps better that you. should know a.!,'- he tail at last with a. Navy-drawn ttgh* ** I have told you the wont. Tbs rest of ay h.s'.^zy hzs no surprise*—of the dingreeahm LiLd at any rate. I cm temember myialf first of all,,T he con tinued, “ a grimy, smudge-faced., half-ragged urchin, running about Trout etrat, bt Lone; diring and dodging about the ataamboota on the levee, and picking up pteoea of .woo4» bits of iron, and illtuch rubbish as are ganarally found in similar neighbourhoods, and carrying them to my mother, who lived iaa tambteoewn shanty not far from the railway station. The steward and cooks of the steamers used to be very kind to me, and many1 a piece of pumpkin-pie,'of mail, and of corn cake I pot from them. I remember cell how, eves at that time the boys of my oca age seed to than me, and tannt me with my fatter being a thief or with my fatter being ta prison. At that time I saw eery little of him. Evan when he was not in gaol be was seldom at home, and when he waa at home our little ihanty vu a very hell upon earth. He used to beat my mother cnmercifulljr, and net to far ai to bring other women into the home. A* I grew to years of better comprehension, young aa I was, I came to be heartily ashamed of him. A Bactist missionary had been talking to ms on the le.ee, and 1 had been going to the evening school, and there I had learned that it was wrong to steal: and 1 knew that it waa wrong to steal when one night my fatter took me with him and another man on. an expedition to break into a house, I could climb like a cat then, end the. wanted me to get over a high call and open a door for them. “I had got heartily tired of being jeered at and gibed at for being the son of a thief, and quite a horror against dishonesty had arisen in my young mind under the teachings of the good Baptist missionary. So I climbed that wall, but when I got on the top 1 shouted with all ray might, and the people of the -house were awakened and came, eat, and my father had to run array .owing vengeance against me. "Afterthat 1 dared not go horns, but Ur. Casey, the kind Baptist missionary, sheltered mi for a few days and nights, and at last he got me a place as scullery boy on the steamboat Wisconsin, ranning between St. Louis and Dubuque. All went Terywell with ree fora while. From the post of scullery boy 1 roe# to that oi pantry boy, and tbeo to* that of eafeia boy. The purser took a fancy to me, and lent ise books to read, and when winter came ha got me a place'on the Yazoo City steamer, ran mag between Yieksburgh and Yazoo city, and 1 passed anottar season there. “Mr good fortune would hare it that on that boat, I met the Hon. led Walker, member of Congress for Missouri, and editor of the Kansas City Star. He offered to make a journalist of me, and I was glad to consent. la his OSes I rose, from one position to another,' and all would have been well if, on* unhzrkydav, I had not, In the street, run amammy fatten He waa uafortunately too well known in the place. He had bees tarred and faathsesd there, he had been flogged then, he had been in the chain-gang, he had bent within an ace of being hanged there. He immediately cl.iiewl from me the rights which hit ties of affinity gave him, and I had to confess the horrible truth to Ur. Walker. I tried to bar my wretched father’s departure, but the more money I gars him, the firmer became his resolution to hang on to me. The people in Kants* City were very good to me. They had had time to tears to know me and they “Mr. Walker gave me an introduction to several Cincinnati editors, and I left P*-TTTia City, and with it my dreadful fatter. I found immediate and remunerative work in Cinoin. nati,.and l stayed there several years. From Cincinnati I went to Chicago, and on mv journey from Chicago to New York yon mat me. Now yon know all about me. I do not think that l have forgotten anything of im portance.’’ “An’ ain’t yew seen yewr father since then; ain’t yew heard from him:'* asked Kershaw. “I know of his existence only throagh the newspapers,’* replied Underwood. “They perioqtcitfF v*<wu K«» a■*;»»■« acj uautist* cied uoftlj After my tearing Codn&tli;, his tjrutal treatment, that Ikaov alto.” “ Wa&l;/’axeUimedKershaw*, “ifyaw ain’t heeni from him nor yet seed **?«, maybe as yew*12 never bent nor tee no more oi him** 14 That is not to be hoped for/* wghed ftha young man “ I live in daily dread of run* ning across him in the street, of his calling at my rooms, of his coming here. H the slightest chance is given him of blackmailing me or you, | he will fasten on us like a leech, and it would be easier to get rid of a vampire than of him." “I’ve had to deal with that kind o* man afore | to-day," said the frontiersman quietly, “an’ they nary onos got the beat o’ me yet.*’ , “ Ah,’’ replied the young man bitterly, “ it u easy for you to say that. Not on* of the scoundrels whom you have come across was your own fatter. One cannot met* out justice to the man to whom one owes one’s lire, and cot be soiled br his guilt. The taint dings, one’s clothing reeks with it, it poison* the food, it _ embitters the drink, it calls up hideous grinning ghosts to haunt your sleep. It turns your honest handiwork into rebuke, it makes good men’s praise a stolen deceit, and all your life one long reproach. O God !** he cried in n sudden agony, “ how can 1 he rid of it; Shall I over be rid of it f 1 have never felt it as I do at this moment.*' The old man cast a scrutinising glance upon him. a Igng glance full of pity. “Poor boy’” he muttered.* “The siasof the fathers. Poor boy!” Underwood jumped np on a agdden. “You must let me go, Mr. Kershaw,” he cried. “ You really must not try to detain me. Don't thinkmsa coward. Idocotgoto Europe to run aaray from him. I go to escape from myself. I love jour daughter, and 1 have no right to love her. God knows I have struggled, and fought, auJ contended against myself. I Lave tritil to be marble, and see the result. I a:u hut human, after ai!. Pity me, bv having no pity on me. There is no barn done yet.' Let me go before it is too late ’’ , - In his heated excitement be' walked*up.and. o>*n the room like some frightened, caged creature, trembling in every limb. Ha grasped the decanter that was etandirg on the table, aud pouring out two glasses ot water, swal lowed them greedily one after the other, at it thereby he were able to cool the fever of his emotion. “Sit down thar,** said the millionaire softly, pointing to an armchair, “ aud led melltde this | over. 'When they've bin cry in’ sign, yew’ve got to stand to y*wr rifleean* be swdy. But that ain’t no reason for ruuniu* away, an* | leavin’ all yewr peltry behind. Yew’ve got that thar fatter o’ yawra, an’ yew cayn’t get I rid of him no who w, cos it ain’t ’lowed to smother him. Yew’ve got to take hear that he don’t harm yew, nor thoee.thaf like year, that’s all. It’s all well, an’ lice, an’ easy for yaw to run away an’ go to Y’ewrup; bat whit am I to do with my Angel, who’ll eejr her eyes cat when yew're gone, anil, who'll _pine and wither; an' die, perhaps, for she ain’t over-strong_on’ she’s an obstinate critter when sbe sett hew heart on a thing. No, my boy, yew’ve got to be a man, an' yew're got to bear yewr load like a man, an* not sit down under it, an* yew’re got to do it foe the sake of the gall that tore* yew, an* she*s worth it, I can assure yew.’’ “ But-” exclaimed Underwood. > “ Thar ain’t no but,’’ interrupt*! the old pioneer. “ On the straight road, the honaet I road, the broad road that lias afore yew, thar I ain’t no faraway* an’ thar ain’t no tumin’a. i Thar may be rocks an* boulders ah’ big atones i all along, but rew’ve got to ait on'yawr boss an’ jest to rids over ’em. It'ain’f no uaa a unealriu’ away as if yew was the guilty one. Hold yewr head straight tni, yonng man. cot yew’ve got the right to hold it np, in spite of yewr father, an* if so be as anybody challenges yew, yew say, ’Go an’ ask Don’t Kershaw for my character,’ an* I guess Dan’l Kershaw’s party well known from the Platte to the Canadian, an’ from the Reekie*to the Atlantic; an’ if they come to me an’ say anythin’ agin yow, they’ll soon find, out the trath.’’ ■; “ I don’t aiarit this, Mr. Kershaw,” laid Underwood, ia a voice broken by. hit amotion. “ I with I eoald feel myself more personally deaerving of it Believe me, your daughter's lave, your own friendship, are frinle: ni my eye* It is Just becsoae I tsIm them *o rarely that I tremble to stay.’’ “ Coma now," exclaimed Daniel Kershaw, “ that’s batter. I. gum* that’s beep better. Yew let me think thii business over. But tha thing yew's* get to do.is to go an’ tell yewr people that yaw aiapgoin'.to rewrup, an’ jaw saa start sruhois az iny secretary aa toon at yew like. An' mind yew, not n tylab of this to ay Angal, sot a word, on yewr honour, until I asowkafagat tabs done.” ' lOmAagafae tree rittingia tha dmieg-rooa, sraitiaat for tta resnlt of her father's interview pashapettaa **•* pasviou* dcy. and attada f*)a,-tha May lagsn twitched a MU* saot* » msamsnatr,a*f arreng tha gauzy aamhrie hand ktrefifhs tupiffly tremulou a^tattm; One* or twiea har roskuig-ohair earoa very nsar over •aesms® balancing itself, so erratic ware the young ladv’s impulsive ■mnnti, and to lorgeWul vu At of herown safety amidst her heart'stui»ltaoui doubting prompting^ S. -??- i «. She jumped up widest: gbM&tjr.; when dfe heard the door opau ttysaoij, ahj>J)aiiW Kershaw's heatt- footsteps outhe landing. " Where is Sir. I nderwood ■~r she Innntrej togerlr, when ihssaw that the old man was '* -tlxcuse him r” the rejKsated, ill a dismaved wonderment. Excuse him! Tell me, daddic deer,” she hurst out convulsively.' nwny?”-~ . Thar now, dry yewr eyes,” he replied • a little . . „_l errin', an" u-lcsing* her roses. Mr. TTnaerwooa not only ain't a-goin’ away, but he's goin’ to bem'ysecre tary- an’ yew’ll be able to see him every day.” Bow those big lustrons eyes brightened, and those downy cheeks dimpled!. Sine stood on tiptoe,acd threw her arms around his neck, sad hawed him for the happy news be had brought her, and a few minutes afterwards she had forgotten all about her tittle troubles and the sorrow they had brewed for her and the dreadful anticipations that had affrighted her, over the imaginary woes and lose of theheroine of thelatest doto. 1 joys of the heroine of the latest norm. Daniel Kershaw was sitting at the big bow window of the dining-room, looking ont into < the street. He was not as imaginative man, and had been accustomed to deal with hard mattes' of fact in a hard matter-of-fact way j all bis life. Heady resource, prompt decision. sad swift action had been and were his chief characteristics, yet the presaut emergency brought a strange indecision in its way. For the hist time m has life the sturdy pioneer was paroled, and he eras angry with himself for beingpuzzled. A conflict of thoughts and memories surged in bis mind, and threatened to interfere with his habitual determination. He looked upon the street, and the little crowds of passers-by, list lessly. uninterestedly, when, on the opposite tide of the road, he espied a man, who rather slash than walked along, cariiugfurtive glances about him from time to time. He was as old man, a tall mac, bent, with broad stooping shoulders. Hie gait was shifts-, and his manner shrinking. Whilst looking Jn this direction, or in that, as if seetong some body or something, he turned his ey-' towards the window where Dsniel Kerstm -v -at, and thereby gave the latter aa opportunity of seeing his face. It was uot a pieasart race—thin, haggard, and gaunt, and of an asben pale. A great scar ran across one cheek, and gave it a nearly villaincus look. The eyes, bright and piercing, bespoke a devilry not yet extinct. The mouth was hard, with square set jowl, and yet it was a face which might have been handsome years ago, before manliness was stamped out of it, and ferocity and brutality had writ their mark there. tCs hair was ■parse and white, and a small scrubby white heard fringed his cheeks. HU clothing,'though notabsolutrly in rags, was of the coarsest, and sa nnksmptj unshaven appearance added to the genera! repuleivcncE. As Darnel Kershaw's eyes rested on the man's face, an indistinct remembrance gashed upon him and gripped hU mind. “ I've seed that man afore,” he said to him self. and strove to obtain a better look. Toe man had slunk on, however, and was tuning his back. A little farther down the avenue hs crossed the road, and was lost to right. “ Whar have I seed that. man afore r” Daniel Kershaw kept asking hfanseli all that wowing. “ I’m sure I’ve seed »b«t face Whatever work he was. engaged upon, whether he were writing, cr reading, or rest ing, or amoking, that pale,' unshaven face thrust itself between him and his thoughts. It fallowed him when he went upstairs to his own room, tad it was with him as he sat down to luncheon. So pte-occupied was he, and so moodily ab stracted, that Angelica imagined him to be ailing, and was profuse in her questioning, and in her pretty solicitude. After luncheon he eat himself down by the window again, arid the picture of that fare flashed across bis mind, but not as. he had seen it that morning. The white hair was nearly dark, the face brown and robust; but even more ■cowling and more villainous than, as he had “I’ve got it,” he cried. 1£ I guess Iwegot it. I was sure I knowed it. It's Mike Turner —Cheeseface Mike—Hellfiie’s Joe's pardner!” 