PLAYING WITH A CORPSE. Among the most brilliant of the students at Dublin University some years ago was Walter Tiernay. To a general adaptability to the science of medicine he added a coolness and nerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the family and the envy of his fellowstudents. In course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed won an appointment as assistant surgeon at one of the smaller Dublin hospitals. He filled this position with much success, hig one fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific investigation which led to a proneness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provocation. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay exposed himself to no very severe criticism in following out, as he invariably did the maxim of a certain famous mdical lecturer When in doubt, always operate." ' One evening, some months after Tiernav had been assigned to his post at the hospital, a number of friends-his tormer fellow students at the university-were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in sipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiernay to their heart's content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaff: Jut £Si! T * under the knife, Tiernay h e d e a t h as o f the W surgical o r e a n operator I Ah, my friet,ds hospital practice blunts the feelings and make men pretty callous 1 The al Ironmongery finnnital surgeon comes to regard human ffi sSy bo ™ch ligament and fibre; hunian bone as simply so much tissue. The circumstance in the case referred to bv Tiernay's friends wereabout as follow:— A woman in an advanced state of illness had b e e n admitted to the hospital. Th.rewere certain complications in hercase wbichrendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the^imax came it was evident that she could not survive, and, well-to put in blnnHy-it was charged that, in the interest of cer tain specific data Tiernay had performed a species of autopsy while the patient waB still alive. The assembled company listened with great interest to the medical^ points gleaned from this investigation, and then, their thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient was alternately referred to in the most jocose vein as " the victim and " the martyr." Tiernay, of course, denied the imputation cast out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their conversation to the sub- ject of nerve power. Out of this conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernay a supper at the Garter that he would not dare go into the morgue in the basement in the hospital, where the body of the poor " victim" lay, and sit for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 he was to rise, stand over the corpse, and repeat, solemnly, three times in succession, " I command you to arise 1" Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight hour. Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over 4he corpse. " I command you to arise 1" What was that ? Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense 1 Was he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerveB 1 Once more bis voioe rang out, louder than before: " I command you to arise!" , . Horror upon honor ! There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore back the sheet. No, no—it could not have been 1 " I command you to arise 1" As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned " the victim" back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay's friends burst into the room, they found him babbling and chuckling at the feet of the corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot. Had the poor "victim" claimed "her revenge ? Had she been momentarily gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer? No; there was no such sensational retribution as this! After all, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a practical joke, terrible in its results. His guest had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus at a critical moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful result de« scribed followed. ' Grocer (to son)-" I see that you don't know bow to buy melons." Son—"Why soT Sl r'' ® o y° ejected have short e t stems." ttC Son-" U8e a 1 1 t Does h o s e that a make any dif! erence?' Grocer-" Of course it does. When they have long stems you can cut off part of tresh rlhmelons 8^ C V e every ' r y d a y day." ""no have a n d t h a t "BredderrV' said the old colored pastor of fi hS * > ^orgia, "de chu'ch aAHkea ship a un an de D p»'6on, which am vo' 'amble „e'- vant,am like de eails dat propel deSp. an' ae ship Now, breddern, w'en yo' have da ^Pr^y^de eailora ill in dJre place an' de sails all up what does yo' need fer to made de nnila fill . J »» to made ir!#!T > u , u u 'P e e a rieht alonir "\ ° ^ebbenly &a; ba'bor? 6 0 0 0 1 d e Huh?" eh «w1nd« t o d K'rsct ?? >J o» W C t shouted * * Bweet voil D O t i the a l pastor. 0 « Brud- eeB 