THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAY. [By WATTER BESANT.] LONDON, August 1, 1891. In the year 1837 a resolution passed the House of Commons authorising the grant of £1,200 every year to be expended in pensions to persons distinguished in literature, science, and art. Aa nothing can be done in this country without leaving the door open to a job, there was also a clause including persons whom the sovereign might think deserving of honor. Every year since the passing of this resolution the Governments in succession have taken advantage of this clause in order to do a little jobbery. Neither Liberal nor Conservative has ever treated the resolu tion fairly and honestly for what it was meant, namely, tbe reward of deserving persona in literature, science, and art. Year after year the same dismal tale is told of authors and artists robbed of the little pensions allotted to them 50 years ago. Every year there are foisted into the list ladies whose only claim is that their husUauda, or fathers, or brotheia, or fiist cousins were civil servants or officers. The Society of Authors had a little fight two years ago with Mr. W. H. Smith They sent up a petition fora very distinguished novelist. Mr. Smith's private secretary—o course Mr. Smith knew nothing about the f matter —replied that by the regulations novelists, except historical novelists, were not admitted. The society pointed out that about 23 per cent, of the pensioners were novelists, and that only two were historical novelists. The society further asked Mr. Gladstone if he knew of these regulations. lie replied that he did not. Then the society pointed out to Mr. W. H. Smith that he must liave made these regulations himself, and asked to see them. He, or his private secretary, re fused to allow them to be seen. Whereupon the society caused two or three questions to be asked in the House, to which Mr. W. U. Smith was fain to reply that there were no f-uch regulations. What private punishment he administered to his private secretary is not on record. Kor could the society by any means at its disposal find out. Now the list for the year is out I fear that po one will be patriotic enough to challenge it in the House. But it is a scandalous and a shameful list. The grant, remember, was in tended, jobbery apart, for persons distin guished in literature, science, and art. Fifteen grants have been made during die year. One lady gets £100 a year because her father was in the Eoyal Artillery. What right has that lady on a Civil list ? Another gets £50 a year because her brother was in the army. Another gets £45 a year be cause her husband was in the Civil ser vice. Another because her husband was a colonial governor ! Nine ladies get pen sions because their husbands were distinguished in literature science, and art. Three men for literature and art. In other words, three out of fifteen fulfil the requirements of the resolu tion. As for the widows of scholars and literary men, one would not mind their being put on to the list. They are helpless, and their husbands have never, probably, been in a position to cave money. Bat the four cases I have mentioned abave are just flagrant viola tions of the resolution. In private life we call such things a breach of trust. I wonder if the terrible accident on the Manchester Ship Canal is the first loi« of life on that great piece of engineering. Every navvy knows very well that no big work can be completed till somebody has been killed over the job. This is a very old and a very obscure superstition; it is perhaps—but lam only a humble member of the Folk Lore Society connected with the old idea of sacrificing a man, woman, or child to propitiate tbe wrath of capricious or malignant deities. Skeletons have been discovered built op in church walls, and it has been suggested that they were killed with this object, and built around so that the dead body should.always remain in the church. It is a very widespread, as well as a very ancient superstition. I was once witness of a very remarkable manifestation of it. There was a railway bridge being built over a broad and deep ravine; great tubes of iron were erected, which were filled with concrete co as to form pillars, on which the girders were laid. The men who worked on the bridge were Hindoo coolies. They lired with their wives and families in two camps, one at either end of the bridge. Up to the time when the bridge was nearly completed no accident at all had happened. Then, on a certain night, a panic seizei the Indian women; in the morning there was neither woman nor child found in cither camps; they thought the time bad come for some one to be killed, co that the bridge might be finished, and they fled, taking their children with them. Now- that day, veiy curiously, the first accident happened. A man on the top of one of the tubes supped and fell; it was a height of about a hundred feet; he fell upon the stones at tbe bottom and dashed out his brains. -■' Then die women and children all came back. Tbe sacrifice had been offered ; the bridge was now ready to be completed. A very good ghost story—one of a church yard and a phantom funeral—has been printed in the Liverpool Post, and copied in the Pall Mall Gazette, where I saw it. In the Times another supernatural bit occurs among the matter-of-fact telegrams in the oddest way. It tells how one of the revolutionary fugitives iv Chili was frozen to death in the mountains; how in his dying moments he spoke of seeing his brother also dying, and how it was dis covered that bis brother did actually die at that very moment, and in the manner seen and described by the other. This makes one inclined to draw up die chairs closer to die fire, and to tell stories about things v.c have heard and things we have seen. Like die rest of mankind I am estremelv fond of reading ghost stories, except at twilight, morning or evening, when ghosts abound and are easily seen. Sly personal experience of spooks is not much, but it is, perhaps, more than falls to the lot of most. To be sure I have never insulted ghosts, or hurt their feelings by pretending to disbelieve them. Quito die reverse. I have always from childhood (when Bogey lurked in every dark place) been very much afraid of ghosts. There are times when one is conscious, somehow, of die pre sence of unseen beings. I beg to sajr that I am quite eericos. These times, with me, are always at twilight, as I have said above. The first "figure" I ever saw was about 6 o'clock on an evening in September. I bad been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too dark for me to see any longer and I knocked off; as I turned from the window I became aware that a female figure was in the room ; it made no sign, but it moved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. I was then living as a bachelor in chambers and my outer door was closed, co that nobody could be in the room ex cept myself. Another experience, and a far more singular one was this. I was travelling in Northumberland, where everybody see ghosts, and thinks it nothing out of the common; it is a country abounding m ghosts and ghost stories. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in die midst of it—a village built round the quadrangle of what had been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the wall; die quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the parish church; there were only two or three hundred people living here; outside tan and babbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took some tea or something, they talked to me about die past; the place was filled with echoes of the past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedrooms. A wonderful place; nowhere else in England is there a more won derful place. I drove back and spent die even ing alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. My room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least 300 years old. All this is introduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For iv die middle of tbe night I woke sud denly and sat up, startled. I found the room perfectly light; the door which I had locked flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in die Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old stiff cardboard ornament of the head and everything. Never before had I un derstood how beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. The ladies Kitting don-u on chairs round the fire (which was now burning mer rily), began to talk, but I know not what they said. Suddenly—it shames me to con fess the thing—l was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed, pulled back the curtains, aud pulled up the blind. It was about 3in the morning, and twilight. Theu I turned to my visitors; they iloirly faded way. The light slowly went out of the room ; the fire slowly burned low ; the figures slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were they t WelL You pee that 1 have seen thing?. But I have heard nothing. No communication has ever been made to me from the other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and site only talked rub bush through a medium, and I liad to pay a pound for it. That, you wee, brings u<< to the only weak point in the spiritualistic busbies. The evi dence of things eeeu b> extremely clear—l could match my own experience by many other tales of spectral eights-but "the evi dence of things heard is very very weak. For either die things heard turn out not to have been heard at all, or they are such miserable weak twaddle. Every genera tion trote out its little pro|ihet, who hears diings, and gets reveiatious, and performs hus little miracles, and gets credulous softie; to believe him. Every medium can relate con ver satiotw vrith the «pir:t of Byron or Milton, or some other great man. But noae of th?m lift ye ever got anything to say at aIL Now, if there were ever permitted—l am persuaded this never will be permitted—free exchange of speech between the .world otflesh and tb??-&M;,. of spirit, all curiosity tvouW be set st'ttisb ml doubts dispelled; and all antietiei dUyedOfr J ever. And although I cannot essape from the conviction diat diings not of die fleahlr -world'l: are sometimes seen, I cannot fcelieve.thatany, supernatural visitants have eWr 'been enableo to converse with men or women. Also, it is abundantly clear to me that only men and women of the nervous temperament have ever seen anything. There are times when one becomes irritated with die poets and die great men of the past, because they have said already what one feels that one could say over again so very well with adaptation to present circumstances. Take, for instance, Edgar Poe and his " Bells;" why, at this moment, when there is beginning aa outcry from a patient, much-enduring, long suffering people about the clanging of the church bells, one feels that if it were not for his verses one could really produce something scathing, eatiric, epoch making; something that would tor ever destroy, abolish, and put an end todtennisan.ee. Everybody who lives ma town knows the intolerable nuisance cf the church belL It is generally, to begin with, a horrible bell, cracked, discordant, hideous, out of tune, ear-splitting. The clergyman starts a little fad about 8 o'clock service. Nobody goes except two or three girls. The early service has positively nothing whatever to do with die life of die people—absolutely nothing. It is not like the early mass in Spain, to which everybody goes. It does uot belong to ow daily life. It is outside us. Yet the bell must be rung for it—the discordaut, ear-splitting belL Why? It only serves to disturb the slumbers of a thousand people. They hear it, but diey do not get up to go to church because that bell calls them. They imperil their precious souls with bad language over the bell; it does great barm to the day's work of all whom it has disturbed, because it spoils dieir sleepand upsets their temper and injures their nerves, and it calls to church no one, because the two or three girls who attend would go whether the bell rang or not. Oh! the tintinnabulation of the bells. What a world of cursing and swearing and shocking bad language its melody fore tells ! With a clinging and a clanging and a hammering and banging, and a driving far away of sleep and dreams. All for church and early prayers; what a mockery it seem-! And we see die maidens three, who the con t,regation be. marching book in hand, demure, meek die ding-clang to endure; book in hand and down-dropped eyes, and die bell infernal cries, and rasps and bangs and bawls, while the sexton tugs and hauls. Oh! the tintinnabu lation of the bells, what a world of shocking temper its melody foretells! Now if it had not been for Edgar Poe, all these fine rhymes would be my own. 