irOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On (bn night of October 27th. 1S42, the ood (-lii|> "Mary Compton," of Bristol, flogiami, "7ŁS struggling -with a fearful gslc off tbe coaet of JVorth America. The wind t'unoaely, bat the weather w&e; clear, and t he Oaptain expected every moment to get sięht of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Bock Shoals, This lighthouse marked the entrance to the harbour. Once there, and tbcy were safe. Sure of his position, he sailed on confidently. Five minn'os later tlic ship struck with a fearful slint-U and went to pieces. Pour men, inclu i-ii l 'he Captiin, were saved. On reach 1 , ing tlie shore tlicv found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and footand extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships, steer by the lights. Hope is the most important lighthouse in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm- tossed spirit? "Tou are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so, had he the right to say so ? No; for he might be wrong—and in any case he had no business to put out the fht. This woman had been ill for some time. In June, 1SS9, she was greatly alarmed by her symptoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scarcely stand. Her head -whirled " and," she said, all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful cough racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. " I could scarcely crawl about the houBe," she says, " I was so weak." I tried different remedies and medicines without avaiL I went to the Dispensary at New Briggateand asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, ' I have mixed ' you some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. I talked with two other physicians." The last one said, ' Tou are pant human ii' ^ " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till 1 was thin as a ghost! My mother came to see me and did not know me My fkin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this timi' I commenced vomiting, and what 1 threw np was tinged with blood. Once I began to vomit at nine o'clock on a Saturday morning and scarcely got rest, from it until Monday momiog. "At this time I remembered that Mrs Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I lire), had been cured by Mother Seigels Curative Syrup. So I sent to Mr .lesson's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day 1 felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the time I had finished the second bottle I had got over all my bad symptoms, and was fast gettine my strength back. I am now (April, 1890), in better health than ever before in my life. " X should have taken Mother Seigci Curative Syrnp sooner, but my husband wa out of work and we had only a trifle coming in from his club, but I thank God I did got it at last, and it cured me, bad off as 1 u All my friends ami neighbours know the facts I have related, and 1 will reply to anv letters of enquiry." (Signed), Mrs Anii Mills, 40, Bread Street, York Road, Leeds. This was a case of imlipestinn and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the u. rvous systi-m. A fen- month?, or possibly weeks more, and iirs Mills would have had no tale to tell. Slie did wrong to wait one hour for any reason , after having tunwii what Mother Feigr 1'J Syrup b :d ,i..ne for her friend Mrs Wilson. 