""THE UNEMPLOYED AND Tn£ v a tr.it a TO Til 2 EDITOR OV TUX HERALD. out,— Alio ouiy teucr m tito only iiDcrai paper, Ttix Hkuai.d, referring to the above subject, ut all expressive of tho state of mind iu which " Ouo Who Knows the Sorrow of Young Mom Tan Wnll" WAN tvhim U'rttltir ItSu prunnlntnl to you, I that of " White TrouHcra," atul I do seriously think that some vory aalutc mrrnbur of tho foreo should bo npccially told off to run him down, with tho object of having him exsmfni'J before tlie proper authorities, nnd placed in one ofourlmiAticAsyliinis,for hi own protection. That the innn is hieauo on thu subject nf " psrauns" thero can bo no doubt, ntul tho sooner ho is confined where ho eaimnt harm hitiisuif or other tho bcctur. If lie bo wilt ing to work, ho will find it at Kew or Yurra licml, or ho fed mid housed for it till hu tin Hiiillcicntly recovered to bu per- inittod to the outside world ngaiu. Wero the "parson" with "a thousand a year," who may have been pestered by iinii— for ho ha some individual parson in Id eye- to give him ever shilling ho possesses, hu would not bo satisfied, but find some other parson out, and go for hitn too. Strong and healthy young men must do to-day what many of us did in tho fifties— trusting in God, who gave tt stroneth and health, and " keeping our powder dry"— shoulder their awngs, and go out of tho city nnd look earnestly for work, not casually biitcarinwtly, and I venture to nnscrt that thev will Uud it. Tho slate of bimincH at thu present limu i very far from what one could wish, ami 1 fear wo have much worse ijine.i in store, Still, wo will gut over than as we have dono 'before, not by sitting down nud bowling, hut by tbrowiug nil our enemies into our work uud facing tlioso difficulties wu meet, for all Imvo ghost of some son to fight, and the sooner one begin the fi'ht thu quiukur will ho overthrow his enemies, were thuy the vciy dwii himself and all his angel at hi buck. Mel bourne at present i iuundutcd with nndcsirublu nniniermita, old and young, from Cieat Britain and. other coun tries, immigrants who seem to think that, without in any way exerting thorn- solve, it in thu bouudcu duty of perfect strangers to them to nt once find or eivo them such work n they uhoosu to name and ich remuneration as their id on may de mand. Cf my own knowledge, I know of young inuu coming from the Ghl Country, who, within a month of landing, wcru placed in position averaging sumo week from four to twclvn time Isnrer salaries than ever they hud at homo, onil yet they mow I nt tho fare, ami malign everything in the colony, including even tho humHomo salaries paid them, poukotmg, however, the money with an eagerness only equalled by their abominable selfishness nnd lr u»« ingratitude. Mel- bonrno is chok'iful of nucli, and of " Ouo Who Known tho Sorrows of Young Mou Too Well," and tho Doner thn city i purged of uch small- hearted young men, anil is left to those " who fear nothing but in do wrong," tho moro spcudil.V will thu rcuction set in, nud tho merchants, one of tho great mainstays of the country's prosperity, lie enabled to givo that employ ment in tho city denired by those who will not co iuto thu country, or — Tub Yauha, mcioourne, g,>tn ruorutiry. 