BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The above conference was commenced at Daylesford on Thursday, 26th February. The comnfittee sat for a few days before and put a lot of matter in order for presentation to the conference. The Rev. W. Bettiss, president, opened the assem- bly. Three nominations were made for the presidency of the coming year, viz., the Revs. Lockwood, Wilson and Down. The ballot being taken the former won by a very large majority. The Rev. W. Bettiss then introduced the new president and conducted him to the chair. The president brings to the chair a ripe experience, an eloquent tongue, a well stored mind, a good business tact and a kind, yet firm hand in governing men. The members' roll was examined and discovered an increase of four members. This was deemed a matter for gratitude considering the wear and tear, and the terrible drain the churches have sus- tained during the year. The Sabbath Schools have been highly prosperous. The temperance movement in the schools has been very successful, and a large majority of the juveniles have taken the pledge. The Rev. J. Teague has permission to visit England during the year. The Rev. W. H. Evans has a dispensation of rest for four months. The Rev. A. Uglow finds it requisite to undergo a medical operation, and he was relieved from circuit work until he has recovered. The Revs. A. M'Kay, H. C. Trebilcock and J. T. Baglin having finished their probation and passed their written examination were ordained on the Fri- day. The ordination service was of a high order. The president presided, Rev. J. Teague offered the ordination prayer. The Ex-president, the Rev, W. Bettiss, delivered the ordination charge, which was a masterly one given in a very pathetic style. The conference desired the charge to be printed in the " Record." The Sunday services were of a splendid character. At 11 a.m. the Rev. R. E. Craddock preached a philosophic sermon on "The reconstruction of society by the power of the Holy Ghost." In the afternoon the well trained Borough Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr. Gas- coigne, paraded the streets, and at 3 o'clock a vast crowd assembled in the spacious Town HalL The band led the musical part of the service. The mayor presided, and the Revs. Lockwood, Wilson and H. Yeo gave excellent addresses. A handsome collection was taken up on behalf of Daylesford Hospital and Benevolent Asylum. The Rev. W. Bettiss preached a powerful sermon at 7 p.m. The missionary tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, when a large number attended. Afterwards the public meeting was held in the Town Hall, when the hon. J. H. Wheeler, Minister of Public Works, presided. He received an ovation, which proved his good standing among his con- stituents. The Revs. R. Oats, H. Mason and Mr. J. Bunyan, J.P., spoke with power and vigor on the great subjects of the day, rousing intense enthusiasm, and cheers rose again and again. The chairman stated he had never heard better speeches in his life. A collec- tion was taken in aid of the Missionary Society. The Rev. J. Teague presented the report, which showed an income of £2,034, being an increase of £80 2s 2d. The income is derived from an annual collection, donations, and last, but not least, the collecting cards of the Sunday school children. All honor was given to the boys and girls who collect for such a noble object. The probationers preached their trial sermon which were deemed satis- factory. The conference sermon was preached by the Rev. J. C. Freeman, who was heartily thanked for his sermon. The districts were geographically adjusted, and a new one created to be called "The Western District," to comprise the Camperdown, Colac, Mount Moriac and Bambra circuits. Permission was given for parsonages to be erected at Creswick, Warracknabeal and Lorqnon. The forward movement was well discussed and a committee appointed to look out for new openings, and to report on them at the follow- ing conferences. It was decided that a vigorous ettort be made during the year in aid of the Jubilee Fund, and a week of self denial was' suggested to be recommended to the churches as one mode of helping the said fund. The Rev. J. Chenhall, of Castlemaine, has been relieved of week-night work that he may aid the great temperance movement by his re- markable singing powers. A lengthy and able discussion arose on the educational standard of young ministers. Many argued that every candidate should pass the standard of matricu- lation before entering on probation. The greater number thought that young, vigorous men of good parts. and of fine preaching power, should be accepted, although his educational attainments are somewhat slender. The need of a college was felt, such as exist at Shebbur, England, and Adelaide, South Australia. The last conference submitted a plan before the various quarterly meetings on the advance of ministers' salaries. The majority of the quar- terly meetings passed resolutions in favor of the said increase. The conference decided in ac- cordance with the expressed desire of the majority of the circuits. After mature delibera- tion the following list of stations of ministers was passed:--- MELBOURNE DISTRICT. — Melbourne First--- W. Bettiss, J. Teague, F. W. Hart, W. H. Hosken, Melbourne Second—R, Warren, A. Uglow, J. R. Osborne. Melbourne Third—G. Netherway, S. P. Webber, W. G. Lester. Chairman of district—G. Netherway. BALLARAT DISTRICT. — Ballarat — W. E. Secomb, R, Rogers. Clunes—J. T. Treloar. Creswick—F. Mason. St. Arnaud—-W. T. Abbott. Daylesford—J. Wilson. Chairman of the district ---J. Wilson. S,\NWtfRsx District.—Sandhurst, F. loc> i WOiOd^ A. Hicks; Castlemaino, A. Cock, J. Chenhall; Maldon, J. T. Cory; Elmore, R Oats; Rochester, R. Yeo; Terricks, F, J. Rankin; J. Wilson chairman of the district. Wimmera IMstbjct.—Mount Moriac, A* Ditterich; Camperdown, H. Yeo, H. Trebilcock? Colac., E; Craddock; Bambra, J. T. Bagliu^ Xeo, chairman of the district. Horshaia* *\r iCl-^cns, A. Mifcehall; Nhill, W. H. Evans-,. W. j Hicks; Woorak, A. C. Plane; Noradjuha, R IR. Tviiborts; \anac, H. Pattin&cm;, Fowler;: Gerang, P. K. Mallalieu; VVarrackuabeal, M'Kay, S. M. Jeffry; W. M Evans, chairi^au-' of the district. Numurkaii PiSTiRicT.—Numurkahs J. C"~ Freeman, C. fowler; Echuca, R. Do^?n^Tan»a mah, p, Daley; Wamboota M C. >owler; Cohuna, T. J. Ti;omas;;R. Down,, 'chairman of the district. 