AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. "Robbery Under Arms" certainly hits the taste of the Adelaide playgoing public for the houses at the Theatre Royal steadily increase even beyond the large returns of the first per formance. Last night the gallery was full at half past 7, and the stalls rapidly followed suit. All concerned played with the utmost spirit, and the piece went merrily from beginning to end, the curtain hating to be raised several times on the sensational tableaux at the close of each act.. Mr. Dampier is to be congratulated on a state of things that augurs well for the remainder of his season. ACHUHCH-CHAKRINGTON COMPANY. Mr. and Mrs. Charrington (Miss Janet Achurch), with the members of their company, arrived by express train from Broken Hill yesterday, having played the most successful season, both financially and artistically, known on the Barrier. A great compliment was paid to the young English tragedienne by her admirers in the silver city on the con cluding evening of the season, she being the recipient of a handsome testimonial at their hands. As already announced, Miss Janet Achurch with her very, talented com pany, which in addition to Mr. Charles Char rington, includes the names of Mr. Herbert Hemming, Mr. Harry Power, Mrs. Bolton, Miss Alice May and others, will make her re appearance before an Adelaide audience on Saturday next, August 22, at the Albert Hall. The three performances as announced in our advertising columns should ensure a liberal patronage from the general public. Ordinary theatre goers are sure to be present, but that section of the public whose conscientious scruples prevent them from visiting the theatre will have an opportunity on the dates men tioned of witnessing intellectual plays without fear of endangering those scruples. Marshall and Sons have the right of booking the seats, and early application is imperative to secure comfort. THE PASTING MAN. Felix Tanner is now in the 23rd day of his 40 days and nights' fast, and has lost 24 lb. weight. The attendance on "Wednesday was considerably larger than usual. MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. The addition of vocal music to the afternoon programme of the Ghost Illusion is much appreciated. Madame Bousmard's rendering of "The Garden of Sleep" yesterday was par ticularly fine and drew forth hearty applause. 