ARCHBISHOP 9IU11PHY AT WARATAII. ? * ? A correspondent nt Waratnh forwards the following: — On Saturday, Jnnunry 8, Ills Grnce Archbishop Murphy pnid n visit to the nbovc township. . His Urnce accompanied by the Rov. M. O'Cnllaghan arrived by the usunl dally train and was met at the station by the townfolks in goodly numbers nnd the pupils of the Catholic school. After the usual blessing both ndults and children formed in procession and walked before His Grace to the hotel where they left him to rest awhile nfter his journey. About four o'clock in the nftcrnoon tho people re nssqmblcd nt the church to witness the cxnminntion of the children Hint were preparing for confirmation. As His Grnoo entered the' church ho was preceded by four little girls strewing flowers in his path ; the children and their parents kneeling on either Bido to receive his blessing. When the nltnr Wns lcncucu wic luuuwing iuiiul-ss wua luiiu to His Grace by Miss Annie Alford pupil of the Cntholie school : — To the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Lord Arch bishop of Hobart, Tasiunnin. Jnnunry 8, 1801. My Lord Archbishop, — Wo tho children of tho WnrntnU Catholic school most respect fully beg to offer your Gmco our heartfelt thanks and welcome on this occasion of your visit that is to bring such blessings by making us finished little Christians filled with tho Holy Ghost so that wo can never lose our holy faith. Full of joy nt these con soling thoughts wo humbly nsk your Grace's blessing, nnd reinnin with deep respect your Grace's grateful children, The pupils of the Wnratah Catholic School. Ills Grace expressed his grcnt plensure nt nil he li'cnnl nnd saw. He then submitted the children to a searching cross-examination nnd complimented the Rov. Father O'Cnllnghnn and their tenchor Miss Crawford on their excellent answering nnd nlso on the plensiug nppearnnco of tho church which wns tnstefully decorated with wreaths and crosses nnd over tho door in green on a white ground wns a Caedo Jlillo I'hiltlie. On the following morning (Sundny) His Grace celebrated mass nt 8-!il) nssisted by tho Rev. Father O'Cnllaghan, pastor of tho district. At 10'30 a.m. the children, twenty four in number, walked in procession from the Catholic school to the church the girls fifteen in number wore white dresses, white veils, and wreaths of white flowers and their appearance must have been very edifying indeed. Eleven o'clock mass was then cele brated by the Rev. Father O'Callaghnu at whieh all tho children received Holy Communion. After mnss His Grace admin istered tho eoemment of confirmation, after which ho preached an appropriate sermon to the cliltdron. On the sacrament they had received he spoke in glowing terms of the benefits derived from having a Catholic school hi their midst nnd of the good done in nil parts of the couutry by such schools j he censured severely the conduct of those parents who did not. «end their children to the Bchools. At seven o'clock p.m. tho Rev. Father (O'Callnghnn recited tho rosary and preached an eloquent sermon on the cere monies of the day. On Monday. His Gmco nnd Father O'Cnllnghnn loft by the two o'clock train for Emu liny. Owing to the inclemency of tho weather the people did not turn out in such numbers to see them off ns they would like to have done. 