PRECIPITATING RAINFALL. The alleged complete suecess ot the experiments recently carried out iu Texas with the object of artificially precipitating rainfall will revive the discussions on matters which have periodically exercised the public mind during the past forty or fifty years. From the earliest times in which explosives have been used on the field of battle, it has been noticed as a singular fact that the discharge of cannon has very fre quently been followed by the fall of rain. This fact was especially observed in connection with the Battle of Waterloo But it was not until 1855 that any at. tempt was made to investigate the matter scientifically. In that year, memorable for the capture of Sebastopol, after, perhaps, the heaviest cannonading on reoord, it was observed not only that the explosion of gunpowder had a tendency to precipitate rain, but that it also sensibly influenced the baro metric pressure of the. air; in fact, the barometer rose and fell distinctly, accord ing as the cannonading ceased or recom menced, and it was asserted that by means of the instrument it was possible, even without hearing any sound, to tell how the. contest was progressing. A few years1 later the occurrence of heavy drenching rains at the close of almost every - . artillery battle during the American ■1'Civil AVar again drew attention to the matter,--and.the- tfansat-' - lantic '.mind began to see Some prospect' of possibly some day being able to put: this. hard-bought experience to, somo practical use. In the- Lwdoti 'Review \ for November 1861 appeared ah article Uftdelr the title of ''"Rain following the > disn^iarge of ordnance,?'.and, iii con- j sequence of its/publication, the subject ] waa bronght under the notice. of the j Manchester' literary and Philosophical Society, at that time under the Presidency of the celebrated scientist, Dr. Joule. . With regard' to the practical application of the truths disclosed by these'observa tions a considerable number of sugges tions were soon forthcoming. Mr. James Miller, of Unley; states that /some twenty - three or 'twenty - four years - ago he wrote a communication, ' which1 was ' inserted in a ' London periodical, suggesting , the use of powerful ex plosives sent up by meaus of small balloons. In 1874 a man named Powers petitioned Congress in the United States tp authorize a series of experiments in the precipitation of rain by means of j the discharge of oaunon. Four years previously the' advisableuess of . this had been strongly urged'' by ' the Scientific American, which had ppinted out how much more useful would be the applies- J tion of explosives to such a purpose than for the carrying out of senseless military displays. Yet such is the mutability of the human mind in Tegard to the way in which it views even its own suggestions when put forward by others that this same journal in 1874 actually ridiculed the whole idea. When the national debt had been paid off, it said, and when specie payments had been resumed, then, but not till then, would it be time enough to blow away some public gunpowder in the manner proposed, whenever there were busy brains still following up the idea in various parts of the world. As a matter of fact it was in Australia that the plan of sending up small balloons charged with explosives was first tried. The cele brated Professor Pepper, who had the shadowy honour of inventing the "ghost" which went ny his name, tried for a con siderable time to give effect to the notion in Queensland. But it does not appear that any beneficial effect ever followed as the result of his experiments. Whether, indeed, they were complete enough to warrant the drawing of any conclusions from them either of a negative or of a positive character is also a question in volved in some obscurity. One of the strangest points about the results obtained in TexaB and els where in America is that rain has been precipitated from a cloudless sky. It is, of course, well known that the air is often most heavily charged with moisture at the very time when it shows no moisture at all. in the visible shape f clouds. But the for mation of raindrops in a cloudless sky by the mere ageucy of an explosion seems to be contrary to all the preconceived notions of scientists on the whole matter. In 1870, for instance, a French savant re ported. the conclusions which he had drawn from a long series of carefully conducted observations. He had a large number of instances to cite from the records of battles which had taken place not only in the Crimea, but also in Italyand Bohemia, and he stated positively as the result of his investigations that it was useless to expect the precipitation of rain under any circumstances from a cloudless sky. One of his experiments would seem, however, to show that the amount of atmospheric vibration which is sufficient to cause the descent of rain from a clouded sky is really remarkably slight. Thus in the vicinity of a Church tower with a large bell it was fouud that in almost every instance out of 133 cases where rain took place the first downpour began immediately after the sound ing of the bell. His theory to account for this wa6 to the effect that rain clouds consist not of actual drops in the ordinary sense of the word, but of minute globules of water something like soap bubbles, and that a very slight trembling motion of the air is sufficient to cause the descent of these, especially when they are already in a state of tension. It has ■ often been observed that aftei. a sudden clap of thunder the down pour of rain takes place not gradually but quite abruptly, as if under the influence of a sudden impulse, and in this view it would appearas if the poise caused by the electric discharge were the real agency concerned in precipitating the rain. Another altogether different ex planation of the phenomena of thunder showers has at times been put forward. This theory is to the effect that the noise of thunder is caused by the sudden coalescing of innumerable drops of water charged with different kinds of electri city, and that therefore the noise is nob the cause, but one of the effects of the formation of the heavy raindrops. This view scem6 to be more and more shaken by the constantly accumulating evidence, which shows that in all probability the sound of an ordinary electric discharge would have exactly the same effect as that of a piece of artillery in precipitating rain. The cost of a few experiments on the same lines as those which have been tried in America, some particulars of which we publish this week, need not in any way tax the resources of the authorities in South Australia. For the inflation of the balloon it is not necessary to employ any I expensive gases, inasmuch as heated air, as used by the parachutists, woutd bs quite sufficient; and as the ballodn call be made of any perishable material; such as light paper, its , cost, too, .would be a mere bagatelle. But If it wore .thought preferable to try rather the' effect: of the discharge of ordnance it 'would be/difficult to find any place more suitable for; such an experiment than South J^UBtraliu. th almost every quarter of the colony we have high ridges and peaks overlooking broad plains, and - from' these ele vated . localities ■ thel .'effect o,f a discharge would ... probably i. be * very widespread. A couple ' of.field pieces ■ could easily be taken to iMounb trofty by rail, and the ordinary' bittery practice might be frequently coinibictea on the ridge of the range. ( If no pluvial effects followed of .co.ursu no harm would be done.' But it would - have to be remembered that no definite conpltleiona could be' drawn from one "or two' trials. We confess we are not very sanguine as to . the reaultof attempts to produce rain either with - balloons or' with cannon. 'But the benefits of being able bo produce rainfall tdmost at will are so obvious and bo immense in such a clhna't i as that of South Australia that even the off chance of finding a means of breaking up a drought would be -well worth tlto trifling cost of a. few experiments.; The Premier is' evidently inclined, to pooh pooh the proposal of Mr. Caldwell that such experiments should be entered upon; but it is to' be 'hoped that' a sufficient number of members 'will be found to authorize the moderate outlay required to put the matter to the test. 