IRoMtst. A LIFE AT STAKE. By MRS. HARRIET LEWIS. Author of -x The House of Secret;' ' Vivian Thorite /' ' The Heiress of Egrcmont' ' The False Heir,' tfv., &c.; ? CHAPTER XXXtl. — (Oontinukd). To oay tfiot Lord Tressillian waa startled ' at tbe amount, would be to speak but truly, bat ho concealed his eurpriso from tbe lawyer, and enid, oalmly : 14 I was not nwaro that; tbo num was so large, Mr. Jasper, and shall require a littlo more time for its payment.' 'ij-ow raucn time, myiorar 'Suppoao I pay yon a certain portion of tbo amount, with interest, every year for tho three yearn — tho third year tbo ontiro re mainder of tho dobt to be paid? 1 can do that easily, bat to do otherwise would bo to subject mo to considerable inoonvcnience.' Tho lawyer hesitated. He knew that ho could preflj for the immediate settlement af tbe debt, and ho was strongly inclined to do so since tho viscount was not likely to . throw any moro profits In his way. 'I should liko a little timo for reflection, my lord,' he said. In fact, I wish to con sult with a friond'whora I left at the village inn. If you will permit ine to call Hgain this . afternoon, I will givo you my decision.' . Lord Treonillisu acquiesced in bin ar rangement. He arose with his gueBfc, offered him his hospitalities, which were deoJincd nnd remained standing until thd lawyer bud withdrawn. When tho door had closed behind him, ho resumoa his boM nnd drew from tbo desk tbe papers ho had thrown aside at Mr. Jaspor'a entrance. Thesn ho submitted, with a Bmilc, to his bailiff. 'Head them,' he said, 'Even if Mr. Jasper proasea for immediate payment, 1 have no cause for despondency. You «co that my father'w spfjculafcions in those Welsh mines nro likely to turn-out .well, after all. Tho ngent says thBt ho will telegraph immediately if tho now vein for whioh they aro looking be discovered/' While Lord Tressillian and his eteward wero thus ungated, Mr. .Tapper tool: his way along tho road toward the village, swinging Mb Wfllkihc-stick BBhn wont nnH Hi, / atently. Ilia gaz9 dwelt appceoiatively upon *jbo kindred odtatnq of TrgfmlHan and Dare, and, as ho oamo within view ot ia-3coanuJU ho permitted his thoughts to wander to-itif owner ond its immense value. 'An 'Eden, indeed,' ho mused, pausing after ho passed the mansion, and leaning meditatively upon tho park railing, while his keen oyes sought out the spotted deer that browsed contontedly in the mingled sunshine and shade, 'I should liko to havo business relations with Sir Allyn Daro. Ho used to borrow money, thoy say, in his wild days. Pity he hasn't got a son.' His reflections wero hero broken in upon i by the sound of a horso's hoofs oh tho road, and turning, he beheld Therwell oantenng leisurely along, ooming from tbo direotion of the village. A look of recognition instantly lighted up hiflface. . r He stepped forward, attracting TherwolPe I attention, and had the Batiefaotion of being ' xeoognised in turn. '' Mr Jasper, I believe?' Baid Sir Alton's enemy, reining in hia horse. _/'Thouame. And you are Mr. Therwell, Sir Allyn Dare'g secretary,' responded tho lawyer, observing tbe superb Bteed bestrode by Therwell. I used to lend you money in the old days, you remember?' ' 41 Yes, I remember, and a bard bargain sou always.drove, Jasper,' said the secretary .with a slight laugh. 'Bat I am no longer '? a poor secretary, uor in Sir Allyn's employ. Jfi was. bis father whom I served.' 44 Fortune smilea'then now, I suppose?' observed tbo lawyer, beginning to think that an acquaintance with Thorwell might be desirable. ?'Weil, yes,' was the careleEB response ; 14 it her smiles bring wealth, ease, and luxury, , then eho does smile upon me, I might say «he actually laughs, for I ara nbout to marry tho loveliest young lady in tho world— a eroaturo as bright and spirited as a wild fawn, and ao beautiful as— ns a long bank account. I refe* to Miss Daro, the fnturo owner of Edenoourfc.' Tho lawyer's oyes widened to their utmost extent, and brightened in proportion. 44 Is it possiblo?' be aeked, almost incre dulously, glanoing first at tho large and fair estate spread around him and then at tlio rotund liguro and round smooth face of the oxpeotant bridegroom. 'Soma peopio aro! born for lack, Mr. Therwell.. I Bupposo its ] ngonuino lovo- matoh. Miss Dare is doubt less a romnntio young lady who despiscm tbo i usual routine of marriage, and cbooBcs hor ! lato grandfather's secretary in preference to titled geutlemen?' ] Therwell stroked his chin complaoently. *' I flatter myself,' ho said, 'that tbo omtcti is not so incongruous. I am bote now for tho marriago.' »' Indeed if you should requiro moro monoy than you may have at oommond, I Bhould bo happy to honor any drafts,' said the Jawyer, obsequiously, 'You aro very good, but Sir Allyn would Ceel hurt if J. applied to any ono but him. ' Besides I havo a fortune of my own, Mr. Ja'opor.' The lawyer professed himself rejoiced to hear it, but with suoh on evasivo look that TherwoH could not resist smiling, ' You aro at your old businosa yet,' said tbo horseman, stroking tbo long mane of his Btoed, 11 What aro you at Edenville . for?' Tho money-londor inolined hiahead in tho 41xcctioo of Tresrillian Hali, ' To lend tbo viscount money V' 'No, to eccj him about hia father1 d debts. Tho old lord owed mo * oonfiidni'ablo .amount, nnd tho young one baa to pay it. It will oomo hard, I fauoy.' Thcrwell'a indifferent ospvesaion gavo way iustautly to an earnest; look. he paid y^u 1 'he asked. ' No,' roplied the lawyer. ' Ho want* time. Sayo he can pay mo all within thie^ years, but it will inconvenience him now. I imagino it will, and pretty ncriouoly, too. Told him I'd see about it. Fact is, I haven't quite made up ray mind what to do.' Tbervvell looked thoughtful, and a etrango gieam shot from Lif usually dull eyos. Sinoo tho previous day ho hnfi concmcd a strong hatred for Lord Trossillian. He had grown to regard Ilde Df.re aa his peculiar property, and to fcol toward her a sohlah sort of nffeotion. He began to exult in her beauty and her spirit, and to look jfcalounly on uli who won her omiles. At Qrit ho lnid an ticipated no danger from her interviews with tho young viscount, but- since the visit to Oakshaw, and since she had loft him behind in tho return to Edonoourt,bohadnonrished a bittor anger against Lord Treisillian, who had witnessed hia discomfiture and probably exulted in it. Qe had his oyes opened , suddenly to tho fact that Lord Trc^sillian was younger and handsomer than ho, and better fitted in all manly attractions to win a lady'a heart. He hnd also discovered that lido loved Lord Tressillian, and that j she was loved in return with an ardont, tender, 1 unselfish uaseion, such as he could nover feel. In hbort, Therwell, whilo doubting nothing uMiis povrer to compol tbo marriage, was yot miEorably jealous of his rival. Tho depiro to j Injure him was etrong within his heart, and ho rejoiced .at tbo Opportunity that fato had thrown in his way.' After a brief aclfcom mnnion, ho said : ' I ehould advise you to press your olaimB at once, Mr. Jasper. Or otay, why not transfer them to mo ? I will pay yon hand somely for them.' The lawyer looked keenly at tho ox secretary, but his glances might as well have fallen upon stone. Therwcli'o countenance was impnesivp, nnd his oyes had in them nothing except an expression o! eager ness. 'I suppose you doaV liko hie lord* Bhip?' ' I'm not fond of him, Mr. Jaspor. But what do you say to my proposal ? Is it yes or no ?' For answer the mon«y-lender drew from his pcokefc a slip of paper upon which was inscribed tho sum of Lord Tressillian's in debtedness; v Instead of beinc ovorcomo at tho amount Therwell's eyes sparkled with pleasure. He saw the immediate disbnr3nraenfi of suoh a pum might embarrass even Viscount TressilJiaD, and he bcoamo moro than ever eager to take the claim upon hiraoelf. ' I will give you a cheque for the amount, Mr. Jasper,' ho said, with a feigned careless ness, u if yon will make over to mo ail tho papers 8nd notes that belong to tho caso, and all the lato visoount's acknowledgements, with tbo necessary papers to provo tbe transfer.' Mr. Jasper appeared to rcflcot. He was annoyed at the result of hia iuterviaw with Lord Treasillian, and had nohopo of over ob taining anything from him. Ho compared Therwell's offer with that of tho young vis count's, and speedily made up hia mind to closo with tbo former. ^ ' I will oblige you with pleasure, Mr. Therwell,' he said. 'If you will ac company mo to tho village tbe business can Do arranged without delay.' Tho ex-secrotary, concealing his delight, immediately turned his horse's head toward Edenville, and they set oat for tho village iun. CJpontho way they conversed with oonfiiderablo freedom and developed kindred sentiments, although Therwell was as guarded and cautious in hie spoecb as usual.' Arrived at the village, they stopped at tbo Daro Arms, and soon after proceeded to the ollice of the only attorney Edenville afforded. Here tho papers wero gone over, the necessary documents mado out. and tbe Trcesillian claims transferred to Therwell, bo giving a cheque in payments, Tbe business concluded, tbo two returned to tbo inn to dine together, and Hoadley took care to treat bis confederato with tho servility and obsequiousness he ' deemed out wardly duo to the future master of Eden* court. After dinner, Mr. Jaspor hastened back to town, and*.TherweU Bet out for Tressillian Hall ize nati duacofciy quitted tbe high street -and etnorged upon tbo country road when he observed a horseman galloping along bo fore him in the same direotion he was taking. Tho horseman was well mounted, and some distance in advanoe. Tbe distance was diminished as they neared tbo Tressillian estate, and when Therwell approaobed the lodge gates they were flung open for the horseman ho had been regarding, and then oloBod behind him. The next moment Therwell was granted admittance. Ho Btrode swiftly up the lime Bhaded ai'enuo to tho Greoian portico, dismounted and knooked at the door. A servant answered tbe summons, ' I wish to see Lord Tressillian,' he eaid, imperiously. ' My lord is engaged with a gentleman who has just come from London,' was the reply; 44 If you will ooter, Bir, I will give my lord your name.' ! Therwell gave tho servant a card upon ; which his name was inscribed, and was ushered into tbo drawing-ioom. He was im patient tobehold tho humiliation of his rival, and walked abaa&the; floor, his hands upon tho precious doaumonta that proved the in debtedness o£ the late viscount, and his olaims to possess tbo money for it. 44 No meroyl' he whispered tohimself. '1 shall like to hear tho youngBter tell me that bo can't pay under threo years 1 I won't grant him more than threo days. He will havo to mortgage some of hie farms, sell Home of his lands, or resort to borrowing; Sir Allyn can't lend him a penny. 1 begin to feel repaid for tho annoyanco I endured yeBtorday. 'My lord* shall pay dearly for his night rido to Oikshaw with Ilde Dare, and Bho ohall suffer too for daring to love him 1' With snob thoughts ag these he awaited the viscount'scoming The minutos passed, and still ho was left alone. Tbe servant returned to Bay that his lordship would noon see him, and 'then left him to himself again, and during that time ho chafed, famed, and nursod hin joalous wrath against tbo visoount, and delighted himBolf with anticipations of tho ruin and dismay ho would bring upon him. But whon, at last, ho hoard a stop in tbo hall, ha bcoamo himself again, smooth, pleasant, and smiling. .. He had scarcely composed bio features, when Lord Troasillifm mado hia appearance. He came in with a faint look of ourpriso on his facs, but he was perfectly courteous, though very cold in his greeting. Uolooked as though ho had just received pleasant news, for his eyes wero full of pleasure, ond his manner indicated a cense of relief from eoino | pressing oare. ' ' To what am I indebted for this visit ?' ho askod. 'To business Dimply .'responded Therwell, in his coft, bland tones, wbioh those who knew him bost liked least. 44 Allow mo to como to the point at once, my lord. You havo reoeived a visit to-day from Mr. Jacob Jaspor, of London?' Lord Tressillian, somewhat wonderingly, roplied in tho nflinnativc. 44 Your lato father was hoavily . indebted to Mr. Jasper for borrowed moneys/' eoid tho visitor. ' That, I believe, is a faot that concerns only Mr. Jasper and myBclf,' returned the vioGouDt, coldly and haughtily. 41 It is aleo a matter chich i do no not cbowe tp disoofls with any nn«» but Mr. J.wpi't himself. ' Allow i(io to qiusiinn tbo ;;ood taste that prompt* your oondUut, and to end our inter view.' 41 Not oo fr.Bfc, Lord TrcoBillian,' exolaimed Therwell, nmiliug with nMtifloation at tbo part, before him. ' I havo authority to oot in this matter.' t 44 I fail to rcoogniso it,' was tho quiet ro ?iponso. 'If Mr. Jasper lias made you biti representative, ho will have to withdraw his authority from you.' 41 1 see you do not vot comprehend,' and Therwell's oyea glowed, aud it reqnired nn effort to prcHGive hia impaH»ivo expression. ' You havo bad tbo ilMortuno to cross my path, Lord Trencillian, and I never fortnvo any one woo attempts to thwart mo. You have had tho audacity to lift your oyes and hopen to my betrothed wife—' ' Stop I You muat not Rpeak of Mi3a Daro by thus name to me I' cxuliiitued the young viscount, witlV flashing eyes. 'I do not reoogniae yout claims upon her, and tho mnrriagG shall never taka'plnoe — nover 1' ' You will prevent it, porhapn ?' snoered Therwell. ' You had better bestow aomo of that overflowing enthusiasm upon your pe cuniary affairs. To como to the point : Mr. i Japperlont your father large sums of money 1 to invest in Welsh mines, and foreign rail ways and so on. You naked for three years to pay tho dobt in. It is my pleasure to in* form your lordship that I havo seon Mr. Jasper and purchased from him tho entire debt. Hers aro the documents to provo my assertion ; and 2 want the money within three days.' He waited to hear pleadings for an exten sion, and looked at TresnilJinn, expecting to see him grow pale and faint. Instead, he was astonished to eeo him smilo quietly, and hear him him ask to bcc the deed of transfer. He exhibited it at onoo: '♦ I suppose that it is porfeotly legal?' said, tho young viscount, returning it. ' You will find bo, to your cost, if you at tempt to evade tho payment,' replied Ther well, surprised into roughness. 41 1 eaid I muse have my money within three days, and I will' not wait ono hour longer.' The smile deepened on Lord TreBBHlian's faco. Ho stopped to tho door of tho corridor and called somo one. Hia summons was answered by a small, dapper individual, who carried under ono arm a balky port folio, whom Therwell believed to be tho horseman who had preceeded him to the hall. ' Mr. Thompson, my business agent— Mr, Therwell, said the viscount, briefly. Tho two mon exchanged formal bowai 41 Mr. Thompson has just arrived from town,' »iaid Lord Trosaillian, with a tinge of triumph in his tones, ' He wa3 ray father's business adviser and counselled thoso investments to which you havo alluded, Mr. Therwell. Ho has como bcro to say that tho Y/elah mines have turned out satisfactorily after all, a new vein having been struck, and he has sold out my otook at a great advance npon their original prioo. In tact, the money ia alresdy placed to ray orcdit in the bank. So J shall not be obliged to ask even three dayn in which to pay you.' Therwell's face lost its color and its de lighted expression altogether. A look of anger and bitter disappointment gathered in biu oyes, and bis lips fairly trembled with Buppressed rage. ?' As Boon as I reoeivo from Mr. Jasper confirmation of this deed of transfer,' con tinund the viscount, coolly, your demands shall bopaid to tho uttermost farthing. Allow mo to bid you good- morning.' The dincomfited visitor took hia leave without a word, his blandnesa and softness having utterly deserted him. His boat followed him to tbo door and eaid, at parting; ' Accept this littlo obeok npon yourplans, Mr. Therwell, as sigu and intimation also of the frustration of your schemes with regard to Miss Daro. For, aa euro as I livo, Ilde Dare Bbe.ll never beoome your wife 1' With these words ringing in hia care, nnd his heart swelling with intense wrath, Therwell mounted and rode toward Eden court. CHAPTER XXXIII. 44 SOU SHOULD UAVU KKOWN ME BKTTEH MAN TOTIIHEATEN MB I' 'For never can true reconcilement grow Whero wounds ot deadly faato havo pierced no deep.' * MlXjxvn. It was tho oveniug of tbo day upon whiob tTJ\crwall had visited Tressillian Hall and eocuuuictad such oompleto discomfiture at thu hands of its joujir master. Tho twi light shadows woro gathering around Eden court, enveloping tho mansion, park, and pleasure-grounds in a soft, delicious haze that was inexpressibly delightful after tbo broad sunsbiue of the day. It was lido Dare's favorite hour, and the young girl was walking slowly up and down tbo garden paths, be; ween rows of blossom ing spring flowers which seemed to yield their sweetest breath to iho declining day. Her delioato flguro, robed in tbo softest gray, relieved only by a fleecy scarlot ebawl, seemed appropriate to tho hour and tho scene. Her puro, thoughtful face, surrounded by a wealth of glossy brown curls, looked almost as if cbiaelled in marble, and her manner was unusually quiet and self absorbed. Around her was spread & lovely scene, tit for tho haunt of a peri. Iu tho centro of the gardon, from which all the walka radiated like the poiuts of a star, was an exquisite marble fountain; tbo central urn was supported by delicately sculptured figures, whiob bore their burden with agraco seldom compaEficd in marble. Over the urn, poised e&ah; by one tiny foot upon tbo brim, stood, in graoeful attitudes, a band of wator-nymphs who, in playful mood, were flinging water - at eaoh other, Tlie crystal drops dashed ! over the flowing hair of each marble maidon, ? and then fell with musical raumurs into the basin. Vines trailed along tho brim of tho urn, entangling tho gleaming feet* of the nymphs, and drooped in loose festoons over tbo outer edgo of tho basin, affording a lovely blossoming frame to tho fountain. But tho futuro proprietress cf these beauties did not bestow one wondering glanco upon the fountain, nor tbe flowers, nor- tbe rows of tropical trees planted in boxes which lined tho walks, nor upon tho many evidence' of tasto and wealth that orowded the gatdon. With a quiet step she walked along-, her gray silken robe trailing over tho gravelled paths, and her shawl gathered tightly over her breast. She was thinking of what Mrs. Amry had promised her, and vraabuildiug hopes upon it- Sho was thinking, too, of her father, and planning, as ohe had dono oontinually of lato, how to avert from him the conscquenaen of his own fatal weakness and indeoinion. Wrapped in reflection eho was not con* ecioiiB of tho approach of .an intruder until sho hoard her nama pronounced, and beheld Therwell by hor aide. ' A pleasant evening, Miss Ilde,' ho Baid, in a pleasant voice, his face without a sign of tbo anger that had disfigured it soma hourj earlier. I hope you do not findyonrBelf greatly fatigued after your long ride to Oak shaw f' 'Thank you, no,' replied the maidon, her accent expressivo of haughtiness, as sho essayed to pass him. He kid bis hand lightly on her arm. 41 Do not leave mo yet,' ho said, smoothly, yot in a voico that oonveyed a oommand. ' I havo something to Bay to you. rieaso tako piy orm.' ! 'I will heor what yeu havo t« Bay,' alio | answered, 41 but I profcr to walk alone'.' ? He detected her dieliku aud defiance in ; her tones, and did not press tho point. 'His , mouth curvcd itself into an cxtromely dis agreeable smile, aa if he were promising him eelf .amplo .revengo in the futuro for her ! prezent ecpru. 44 Very well, Mit»a Ilde,', he dvclarcdt I fcimiug his otepa to hera, aud tainting nt hor I Bide. ' Havo your own way uov, fur your j days of maiden freedom nro numborod. ! When I first came here I said you should 1 havo a month in which to our ! wedding. So far ao I can learn you. havo i not commenced tbo slightest preparation, I have heard of no viaita or orders to town ' milliners ; I havo seen no buetlo suoh au usually prcceedoa tho marriago of a great heiress; no noble friends havo callcd to con grntulato you upon your engagement or to pay their rospoctn to the bridcgroom-olnet. In short, Misa lido, yonr conduct through out seems that of ono who either has no faith in tho projected, marriago, Or who occupfcs her timo in aoheming to prevent it.' 11 Your random guesses havo hit tho truth, I Mr Therwell,' said the maidon,' coldly, l Ho did not appear to notion her remark. But his tones had a charaoter of bitterness and anger in them, as he said: ' Thon i haTo coraothing oloo to oomplain of. You are my betrothed wife, ond I do not chooso thnt you should take midnight ridos with young gentlemen. I daro say your expedition had tho approval of your father. I know you wero attended by Misa Aradalo and your old groom, p.till I do uot ohooso thut my futuro wife nhould take journoys unattended by me. Do you not know that your condncb haa been «u?h as to oncournge Lord TrG^sillian to lovo you? His lordship actually hopes to mako you his wife,' 44 And I hope to beeoraa sol' responded Ilde, iaa low olear tone, while even in tho twilight it might havo been eeen that tiio huo of her cheeks rivaled tbo vivid scarlot ?'of her shawl. 11 You do ?' ejaculated Therwell. ' Then you really intend to defy mo ? You intend to Baorifleo your father to the fanoy of a moment ? You will coolly witness Jifc ascent to tbo eoaffold— ' 4,Holdl' cried lido, i*n a spirited, com manding manner. ' Do not daro to speak to mo in that way of my honored father 1 Havo you for odo^ instant beliovcd that I could sit down supinely, without a struggle against tho revolting destiny you would force upon me? Have you imagined that 1 would yield to this horriblo fato without first having tried every mcana of escape '? You have strangely raisanderstood me.' lt No, not ao,' said Therwell, quietly. ' I knew you bad more spirit than your father, and therefore was prepared for your visit to Oakshaw. My house-keeper thoro had ordera to bo on the look-out for you, and to send at onco to mo instead of tho policc. But having sought in vain for tho written compact, you must now resign yourself to your fate,' Ildo'B silenco answered bettor than words oould havo done. 'Still obstinate/ 1 ece,' said Therwell. 41 You would fltrnggle longer, and po tighten your bonds. Do you think it well to excite your father wjth faleo hoptn?' 14 Ir»bo not dying before my eyes ?' cried Ilde, passionately, stopping and facing her persecutor, 44 1).icb ho not failo perceptibly every day under the excitement and anguish ho suffers? So long ae an instar.t of freedom remains to me I will strive to avert from him the crowning horrors of bin rad lifo. He will die if 1 marry jou. lie will die if I refuse, Heaven help bim — my poor father 1' Tbo last words ware uttered with a wild ness that might have touobrd a heart of atone, tint Therwell smiled, and said, coolly : ' better a quiet death without ignominy than to perinb, covered with ehame, and by violence. You suffer, too, I see, my dear lido. Your hopes daily oonfliot with your feara, and you will soon bo exhausted. In meroy to you and to your father, I have decided to hasten our marriage. Tbe fes tivities I havo desired can take placo after the wedding, which shall bo quite private, since you seem to dc&ire; it so. I lovo you, Ilde Dare, in my way, quite as weli as Lord Tressillian doea in his. I appreciate your beauty, your spirit, your wealth, your social position. I admire your graco, tbe oolor in your ohoeks, the aweatness of your manner. I am an epicure, and I do not wish the Oloom brushed ctt mypeaoh. I mean by that, that I do not choose to defer our marriage until grief and despair have robbed you of your quick, light step, your spirited manner, your soft blushes, and your hoalth. Therefore, I have determined to shorten tbo term of obr engagement to one single week from to day.' ' A single week I' responded Ilde. 'Exaotly tbat period,' was tbe answer, in a ton« lightness, ' And I havo to request that'you will uou koxd Tressillian, I sent bim a noto au hour ago, stating that our marriago was to bo hastened, and requesting him not to see you again. So tbat tie is loosened already.' Tho young girl put out her bands blindly for support, and caught at the vine-edged basin of tho fountain. Her face ^rew as white aa those of tho marblo nymph's, and her oyes shono with a wild light that was vioiblo even in the deepening twilight. 11 Only a week I' sho eaid, her thoughts at onr blow taking in all that s bo had to do if she hoped to prevent tho marriage. What could eho do iu seven days? Could sho discover the missing witness, Shawcrosa? Could she find Therwell's Bister, and get from her thu written compact? Could Mra. Amry bring her weopons to bear in that brief space of time? 'If not, 'thought tbe young girl, a start ling idea taking .possession of her strong, ardent bouI, and a lofty courago animating her whole being—' if not, I will defy him to do his, worst. I will support and uphold my father. Therwell Bball bring hia wit nesses against ua— ond Heaven defend tho' right 1' T his resolvo imparled a quiet, calm dignity to her manner that aBtonished Ther well. Sho looked at him with tho wildnesa gone from her eyes, and ho found hiniB6lf unable to read hor thoughts. ''You otill grant me a week,' sho said, oalmly. ,4For a week, then, I am free, and shall allow no dictation aB to my pursuits, I shall soe Lord Treseilian if I choose, or any other frienda who may take an interest in '? Would it not be well to conciliate instead j of angoring mc?' inquired Therwell, | annoyed at her words. 'You do not, , perhaps, realise how completely you will bo j in my power after tho marriago vows aro I uttered.' 45 Coward 1' 'cried the young girl, scorn- ' i fully. 41 You do well to show mo still moro ! 1 your.renl charaoter' now. Permit me to end tho interview.' j With a etately motion of her head, sho gathered her shawl oloser and swept past bim, tuking her way towarde tho mansion* Ho looked after her, haif angrily, half proudly. 44 It will bo pleasant to tamo tbn proud littlo creature,' ho muttered, stroking bio ohin. ' What delight I shall have in break ing hor in I Tho timo shall coma when sho will1 bo a meek,'., obodicut wife, with no thoughts or aspirations beyond pleasing me, , ond no feara beyond offending me. By Jove, l am impatient to begin my task of taming her.' He leaned against the basin of tho fountain, and indulged in pleasant mus inge. 1 Hy this timo tbo heavier and doepcr shadows had nestled down upon tho eccnc, | and tbo glorious galaxy of stars wero shining in dim and mellow radiance, giving n weird aspect to tho lovely garden, with ita trcoe, shrubs, and flowerB. Therwdl waB silent and abstracted, buried in thought, lie did not boo a figure that raised itself noiselessly from tho shadow of . eotuo bunhes near at band, and paused a moment, beforo attempting to steal away .as cilently as *t had come. It was tbe ffgure of Mrs. Amry. She had followed IldetotVi garden, in tending to speak with her, nut, observing Thcrwell'a approaoh, had quietly ensconced herself beneath a clump of bushes, aud awaited bi-j departure. Thus had un. uvoidably JiiUim d t.i tor. whole uf lhu con vocation, and h.vt b-.como aware of the cliangu in Ildii'u probers. Sho was anxious to follow and oomfort her, and behevod that eho oould vanish unseen under thu covcr o! the et'mwlo nud tho 1 1 night. I Shn paused only long enou:*h to note the I j position of Theiv.vll, and tlnsu glided away, j She had taken, however, but two or three I atepa, when she inadvertently trod upon a j dry twig, which snapped under hor foot, and sho ctopped abruptly, apprehoncivc of dis covery. Her fears were well founded. That alight, orackling uound in tho still neas of tho early night arouecd Thorwell from his reverie. Ho started, looking j around him nervously, as if fearing to see | again tho supposed apparition that had | recently appeared to him, and then hio keen { glances rested upou tho dark outlino oi that ; orouching figure. With a quick, tigordike bound ho leaped towards her. The woman sprang up and attempted to flee as sho saw bis approach, but she had not taken half a dozen steps when hia hand camo , heavily down upon her shoulder, and Bho found herself a'prisoner, ' A listener?' ho exclaimed, dragging her towards the fountain, and pausing in the lightest spot. 41 Let mo sco your face.' The woman hesitated, -thon shook off bis detaining grasp, and puBbod away the olosa hood that concealed her features. Ac tbo sight of them ho shrank back with a ory of terror. 44 No, I am no ghost, Vinocnt Thsi-well,' she said, as his wild, incredulous- gaze oxprcpsed hio fear that ho was beholding an apparition. ' I am alive.' 'Alivol' ho said, in a shuddering tone. 'Alivol' ! 14 Yes, Vincent Therwell, Ia it so hard to : believe.' I 'But — but I heard you were dead.' ' ' Thero was suoh a report. I circulated it. I wished you and all who hud once known me to bolievo me dead.' Therwell continued to gaze upou tho woman's worn features with siokoning terror. His round figure seemed to shrink within itself. His round faco seemed to gather itself up into a thousand wrinkles. His heavy, thick lips trembled, and ho seemed suddenly aflicted as if with ague. Whoever and whatever the Btrange seam stress was, sho had a remarkable infiuenoo over tho wicked Bchemer beforo her. As she remarked tho effeot of her presence, Mrs. Amry drew up her tall figure, her face grow htern, and sho eoemed to osBume the oharacfer of a Nomesis, ^ 44 1 am alive, Vincent Therwell, and here,' Bho reclaimed, in solemn tones that made bim ehudder. 'Foryoara I havo followed your atepi without fiuding you. I havo traversed this kingdom on foot and alone, in sunshine and in rain, in cold and in heat, and the one thing thuthas kept mo aiivchas been the hope of finding you. And at last 1 havo overtaken you.' Tho tar.t words wero spoken exultantly, and ho heard them. Therwell bent his head upon his hands in an attitude of despair. *? You have not asked why I ara here,' said the woman, after a brief silence, ?4 1 know already,' was the husky response ' You can have but. one errand.' 41 U there any good in your heart, Vincent Therwell ?' asked Mrs. Amry. ' You neem overcame by (ho sight of me. Docs my face recall happier dayp, when you were young and unstained by crime? Docs it awaken within you a single regret for your career of guilt?' Shu knew in ber heart that it did not. But aho scarcely comprehended tiio manner and attitude of Therwell, and therefore 'En deavored to place tho moat obaritable con Btruction upon it. ' I suppose, ' said Therwell, irrelevantly, 'that you have brought oflicers with you — that thoy arc oven now in thia very garden.' ' No, I am alone.' Thid was an unfortunate admission, Thorwell raised his head with something of hia former apirit; the livid huo of his face gavo place to a natural redness, and be recovered at ouoo hia former coolnecs and pelf- ncoseBsion.. ' No one knows you are hero ?' he asked. ' You have told no one my etory ?' ' No one.' Hor/ Therwell's oyen gleamed then, 41 1 havo told no ono as yet,' said Mrs. Amry, feeling uneasy by tho change in hia manner. 'I know of £pur doing.1 here, Vincent Therwell. I know-how yon liavo schemed to poRuess the hand of Mias Dare, and with it horfoi tuueand a social position, I know tuo, how y©«. ar«* opproaafitg her poor invalid father, who never injured yonl' ' You do ?' ' Yea : and though for years I havo thought of nothing but avenging upon you tny own bitter wrongs, I am willing to' con sider meroy now, if you will but bo just. Miss Daro was kind to mo the other day, and fed and sheltered mo, and I would recom pense her for it a thousand-fold. Sho is R' poor motherless young girl, and I, whom you have mado childless, worse than child less, feel my heart yearn in pity towards her. Vincent Therwell, if you will roleaoo Sir Allyn Dare and hia daugbtor, and go away, leaving them to themselves, I will promise to forego my revenge and leave you in peace.' Trio afrango seamstress spoke as if she bolieved he would gladly accept tho terms oho c-ffured. 'You aro mild in your demands,' he roplied, with a eneer. ' But eupnoso Ire fuse?' ' llefuso at your peril I' waa her atom and quick rer- pon8e. ' So surely aa you refute to relesso theso innocent; peopio from the bonds you have placed upon them, ro surely will I denounco you for what y«ni arc 1 I will oven bring tho officers of ju&tiue; to the h0UK0 to-night ? ' Therwell interrupted her by a cry of rage and fear. Ilia band disappeared within the breast of his coat, and when he withdrew it be held within bin grasp something that glittered in the Htarlight. ' You should havo known mo better than | to threaten mo,' ho &aid;, in a bisBing tone. | 44 You will not betray me. Swear to me that ; you will not 1' . I It wob o face glowing with murderous I intent tbat ho turned towards her, His oyes had the ferocious gleam ,of a wolf's, and bia mouth had an expression tbat struck tbo woman with an instant comprehension of her peril. Suddenly sho turned to flee. Ho was ready for tho movement. With a single leap ho gained her Bide, clutched at her throat to prevent her eorcaming for assistance, and demanded her oath ot ueorecy. Though bcr tongue was motionless, ber eyes expressed her refusal. ' Then your blood be upon your head 1' he raid. There was a flash of Bteol in tbe dim light a hollow moan, the sound ot a heavy, falling body, and then, pale aud Soared, Therwell rushed from tho gardens, feeling tbe brand of Cain upon his soul. Thcatarlight shono upon nproBtrate fleure in tho ahadow of thn fountain ; upon u face, gbaetly in its pallor ; upon oyes that stared upward vacantly; and upon a bosom in which tho heart beat faintly— but etill beat. CHAPTER XXXIV. '.IjSSOW YOU, IN Sl'ITR OL' TOUR D1F0UX6B I' Thoilla of lovo, not thoso of fate, I fear ; Theso I can bravo, but thoso I cannot' bear. Day dk.v. Tho remainder of her first day of captivity parsed without any farther event to Lady Cheliis. Sho wob served with another supply of bread nnd water, which, liko iho .former, oho lint away untouohed. Tho ex govcrn'.T.H did not exul-ai.i^c a w«;i J nitli h.*i upon thu ocansson cf her hoccmm visit, and wither*/.'.* as quickly na ptiKsiU'1, Living the youni: bn.lo to tho pk'tt.-ia/itoi' sccioty cf lu-r own thounht*', and to thu companionship of the wav'.u, which bu&t; and chafed restlcnsly vjaini't tne beach without. Having relin quished, all hope of Hpcody e?oapeor libera- | ticn, is only remained for the captive to ? chool her heart to patience and resignation, quaiitie* with which eho had become lttmili.ir during her long years of imprison* ?mcnt at tho handa of her rc.lutivo. She had much to cheer hor now that tbo had not had then. Thera were hopes und dreamo, in noneenfc girlish fanoieB now brooding in her heart, to which, until recently, she had been a stranger. Onco her life had been devoid of links to tbo outer world; now sbo thought ] of tho ono with whom ahe was oonnootcd by the nearent and tendercet of all ties, and I lived over again tbo strange scenea of their j marriage and his unexpected confession of ! lovo at thoir last interview. Dreaming of him, Bho forgot tho lapse -of | tho houra. Sho watched tho flush of the sunset on tbo whito crested waves, heard , without listening the mournful orics of the | sea-birds, and did not Icavo the window oven when tho cold, gray twilight wrapped sea j and land witbin its misty foldB. Sho sat ^ thero gazing into tbo sombre and deepen ing darkness, with a thoughtful look in ber 1 dark eyes— a look that saw not tho heavy night Bhadowa1 but instead, a sunny happy homo at Monrcpos, a homo brighCened with love and tenderness, a homo shared with Sir Hugh. Sho bad nearly forgotten ulready that her ideal had been a Bayard. The warm, human lovo proffered her by her husband had almost become dearer in her eyea than all tho per fections of tbo Btatcly old heroes ol whom sho had ever heard. And thus, thinking and dreaming, sho did not notice how the night was deepening around her, until an involuntary shivering arousod bcr from bcr abstraction. No lights bad been brought to her, nnd the room had beon quite chilly, a cold wind sweeping in from tbo sea, and entering the oreviceB of the windows. Cold, hungry, and weary from tho effeota of tho drug, under tbe influonco of which eho bad been brought to her present abiding placo, Bho disrobed herself iu the darkness and crept into bcr neat little bed. As if to oompensato ber in port for her sorrow?, kind nature touohed her eyelids with soft and gentle fingers, and speodily soothed her into sweet tlumberfl, which wero beautified by visions of Sir Hugh, who seemed to plead anew for a lovo whioh was not this time denied. In tho morning she anse, refreshed and strengthened, and arranged her toilet with careful haud3. Tbo day was chilly, and without a dreary rain was failing, its drops pattering restlessly ogainot the windows, making tho most mournful of music.' Abovo this minor moan of the rain was tho bitter wail ot the an;?ry eta aa it dashed upon the beach and then retreated, seeming like a wild beast chafing in its onge. Lady ChcHi*' evening attiro was insufficient, and she sought additional warmth in her thick i cloak, ond nectled in the depth ot'her cosy | chair. , At an oarly hour her frugal meal was | brought, and, aa soon cs Mrs liarrat had re I tired, she ate her aliewnnoo of bread, and , then ^ endeavored to obtain reiuge from hor physical discomfort in day drcama. 1 Thia day wns a typo of tho two tbat j followed. A dronry, drizzling steady rain i made tbo octne without painful to look upon and the prison chamber was gloomy, oold, and unplesant. Tho conspirators congratu lated themselves that nature had assisted thoir eoheme* by making the house by tho sea intolerable to their captive, and con tinually anticipated the announcement of ber submission to their demands. But they waited in vain. No suoh an nouncement w&s; made. Calm and resolute, Lady Cheliis kept firm to hor resolvo not to yield. She walkod baokwarda and forwards for houra .together for warmth and oxeroiso ; sho read tho few books at her command ; sbo beguiied her solitude with 8ongs and ballads, which sho aar.g softly and dreamily to hersolf ebe ate tbo meagre allowance of bread afforded her; and nevor onco oamplained, or showed signs of relenting in her resolvo. Tbo fourth day of bcr captivity dawned dear and bright. Tho sunlight poured into her room in golden waves, transfiguring tho crimson carpet nnd pictures on tho walls. A geuiul warmth pervaded every nook of the now pleasant room, and the captivo found herself sufficiently warm without tho pro taction of her cloak. Throwing it nwide, aho sealed herself by the window and looked out upou tho tran quil, smiling sea. The sunlight bathed her lace-covcrod shoulders in a pleasant glow, and Bliono amid her dark liajr, nestling hero aud there, in slender, penoildike rays, or in broad beams that turned to gold the tresses they touched, Sho was looking pale, as might have beon expeoted, and her eyes had a sad and weary expression as she gazed longingly out upon the beaob. ? 44 If I were only free I' she murmured, her hand fluttering like a bird over the import ant paper aho oarried in her bosom. u Evory momone I epend boro moy bo a I oentury ot grief to Ilde Dare. Shall I yield I for her Bake?' She oould nob immediately answer tho J question. 1 Continuing to look out, ahe observed two figures sauntering carelessly along tho I Bands ot tho beaob, apparently absorbed in conversation,, and in-the enjoyment of tho agreeable ohangeoftho weather. * Sbo speedily recognised them aa Mr Wilmer and Mrs Barrat, They paoed olowly over tho beaob until they had gained a considerable distance from tbo dwelling, and then they disappeared from her viow around a projecting and rooky point. 14 If I could escape now 1' breathed tbo oaptivc. The inspiration had been scarcely uttered when a koy grated in her lock, the door openod, and Mrs. Gureon entered, bearing a tray. She still wore her print aunbonnet, but it was pushod away from her hard featured /ace. ond her eyea were full and keen in h6r glanocs. Sho samo in abruptly, placed tho tray upon the tablo, and stood with bcr back againBt the door contemplating tho cap tive. 14 So you aro crazy, aro youf' sho asked, bruequoly. Lady Chelli3 looked up with astonishment, pcaroely knowing how to reply to this Biugular address. 'Do I look crazy?' eho asked, quietly, after thinking a moment. 44 Well, yea, I think you do, if you wish me to bo frank,' replied Mrs. Garson, survey ing Lady Chellia critically. 44 1 own I had flomo doubts, but they aro gone now. No sano person would wear a dress liko tbat at this Bcason of the year. Low neok and short sleoven I of course you are nc-t id your right mindl' '?Butlam in evening drees,' said her ladyBbip, u I was eioten from my homo at night.' 44 1 did not como here to argue, Mi?s Wilmer. I haven't timo to diBouss thia sub jeot with you nt present. Your unclo and Mrf, Barrat havo gone out to walk for an hour or so, and Pvo brought you n littlo breakfast that may taeto better tbau dry bread.' Lady Chellia did not even look at tbe troy, ' I ara Buroyou must have a kind heart,' she said, earnestly, ' or you wouidn't havo brought mcfood. I am wiakedly and unjustly' imprisoned. , I am no more insane than you ore. Mr, Wilraor haa brought mo hero to compel me to divido my fortune with him. For years ho has oppreeeed end imprisoned inn, expecting to inherit my property. As. sist mo to my freedom, Mrs. Garson, and I will blcsa you as Thy grcatees friend and bcnefaotQr,V— ?? h Caitimurf. 