ICE BOUND. \--C-- - BY-W. CLARK RIUiSSELL. CIIAPTgiE VIll-Continued, pare:l my mind for what I could not see till the brink was reached; then, looking down, I beh(l a schooner rigged vessel lyilng in a sort of cradle of ice, stern on t tthe sea.C A mnnsbhulked out with frozen snow, so as to nuikohis shnpoasgreatis a bear, leaned upon the rail with a slight upward inclination of his head, as though he were in the actof look ing fully up to hail me. His posture was even more life like than that of the man nun der the rock; but his garment of snow robbed himn of that reality of vitality which had startledl in in the other, nnd the inastant I saw him I knew lhint to be dead. lle was the only figure visible. The whole body of the vessel was frosted by the snow into the glassy as pect of the slfars and rigging, nnd the sun shine striking down made a beautiful pris nmtic picture of the silent ship. She was a very old craft. The snow had molded itself upon her, and enlarged with out spoliling her form. I found her ago in the strueture of her hows, the head boards of which curved very low rotund to the top of the stenn, forming i klnd of well there, the after lpart of which was fIamled by the forecastle bulkhead, afteir the fashion of ship building in vogue ill the reign of Anne and the first two Georges. Her topmalsts were standing, but her. jibboonm was rigged in. I could find no other evidence of her people having snugged her for these winter quarters, in which she had been manifestly lyinig for years and youears. It was very evident that the schooner had in years gone by got embayed in this ice when it was far to the southward, and had in course of tiime been built up in it. by float ing masses. For how old the ice about the poles may be, who cant tell? In those sunless worlds the frozen coutinents may well pos cess the antiquity of the land. And who shall name the monarch who filled the throne of Britain when this vast field brokeawsay from the main and started on its stealthy navigation suanward! CHAPTER IX. 1 LOSE tMY BOAT. I lingered, I dare say, above twenty mlin. utes contemplating this singular crystal fos sil of a slhip, and considering whether I should go down to her and ralsacklier for whatever mightunswer my turn. But she looked so darkly secret under her white garb, and there was something so terrible in the aspect of the motionless, snow clad sentinel who leaned upon the rail, thlat iny heart failed me, and concluding to have nothing to do with the ghostly sparkling fabric, I fell again to my downward march and looked toward Iny boat: that is to say, I looked toward the part of the eoe where the little haven in which she lay had been, and I found both boat and haven gontel I rubbed mny eyes and stared again. Tush, thought I, I ami deceived ly the iee. I glanced at the slope behind to keep inme to my bearings, and onceo more sought the haven; but the rock that had formed it was gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the liue of shore there, and my eye following tlhe swing of a fold I saw the boat about three canbles length distant out upon the water, swinning I steadily away into the south, and showing and disappearing with the heave. I uttered a cry of anguish; I clasped my hands and lifted them to God, and looked up to him. I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into the water-but, mand as I wais, I was not so madl as that; and inid I should have been to attempt it, for I could not swimn twenty strokes; and bhd I been the stoutest swimmner that ever breasted the salt spray, the cold must speedily put an end to mny misi ery, The horror that this white and frightful scene of desolation had at the beginning filled me with, was renowed with such violence when I saw that ily boat was lost, and I was to boa prisoner on the death haunted waste, that I fell downl in a sort of swoon, like one partly stunned; and had any person come along and seen mo he would have thought me as dead as the body on the hill, or the corpse that kept its dismal lookout frolm the deck of the schooner. My senses presently returning, I got up, 1 and the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it, with my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. I By this time the boat was out of sight. I looked and looked, but she was gone. Then came my good angel to mny help, and put some courage into me. "After all," thought I, "what do I dread? Death!-it can but come to that. It is not long ago that Capt. Iosy cried to me: 'A man can dieo but once. He'll not perish the quicker for contemplating his end with a stout heart.' le that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. Were he a babe resting upon his mother's breast he could not sleep more soundly, be uore ten derly lulled, nor be freer from such anguish as now afflicts me, who clings to life asif this -this," I cried, looking around me, "were a paradise of warmlth and beauty. I must be a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever may betide, and stoutly endure what cannot be evaded." My mind went to the schooner, yet I felt an extraordinary recoil within nme when I thought of seeking an asylum in her. I had the figure of her before smy fancy, viewed the form of the matn on her deck, and the idea of penetrating her dark interior, and seeking shelter in a facrie that time and frost and death had wrought into a black mystery, was dreadful to me. •Itmust be done, nevertheless, thought I; I shall certainly perish from exposure if I linger here; besides, how do I know but that I miay discover some mneans of escaping from that chipi Assuredly there was plenty of mlaterial in her for the building of a boat, if I could meet with tools. Or, possibly, I mIighlt find a boat under hatches, for it was common for vecsselsof her class and iu her tiumle to stow their pinnaces in the hold, aud when the necessity for using them arose to hoist them out and tow them asternu. These reflections somewhat hleartened me, and I turned sny back upot the clamorous ocean and started to ascend the slope once morle. Ihellped myself u doug with the oar, anid presently arrived at the brink of the slope, in whose hollow lay thleoilsp as in ai culp. The wind made a noisy howling in her riggilg; but the tackling was frozen so iron hard that noet aropo stirred, and the vane at tihe mst head was as motionless as any of the adjacent steeplas or pillars of ice. My hoant was dis mayed again by the flguro of a ilnul FIe was more'dreadful thanu the other because of the size to which the froeon snow upon his head, trunk andlimbs had swelled himl; anid the halt rise of his face was particularlly start UIng, as if he were in the very rot of running his gaze softly upwar1l. That he should have died in that easy leoning posture wasstrango;i however, I suplposed, and no doubt rightly, that he had beenl seizedl with a sudden faint ness and lhad leaned upons the ail andt so ex pired. The colid would quiickly llnko liln rigid and likowise lrescrv lim, andl thus lie might have tbei.e lesuiing, conteICIaInting the Ice of the clitfs, for years anit yearsl Awild and dreadful thilng for one in my condition to light on, and be forced to think off My heart, as I havp said, saink in !io again at the sight of him, and fearl, and tse, cn!! superstition so workedtp upon nly spirits that I stood irresolute, alnd would lavo guio Inmck had there been ally lace to return to. I plucked up after a little, anid, grippingl the oar, I started on the dt?eseet. The depth was not great, nor the ldeclivity sharp; but the surfaceo wn formed of blocks oif ice, like tih collectionls of big stones you iJlmetilles enconlllter on the sides of |moull tains near the base; and I ihal again and agallt to fetch a compallss so as to gain a smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vessel, and hero the snow had piledl nd frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or Inclination to larboard. I had come doawn to her on her starboard side. She had small chainnels with long plates; but her list on my side hove tlhem somewhat high, beyold aily reach, and I perceived that to get alboard 1 llust seek an eotrance on the larboard hand. Thiswas not hard to arrive at; indeed, I had but to walk round her under her bows. She was-so coated with hard snow I could see nothing of her timbers, and was therefore unabll to guessat the conditkli of the hull. Se lzi saethiiiug of the look of the barco-lougos of half a cen tury ago-that is, half a century ago from the date of my adventure; but thnt which, in sober truth, a 1:111 would have taken her to he was t vessel formedll of snow, sirred and rigged with glnsslike, frosted icey- thenrtistic caprice of the genius or splril of this whito anld melancholy selne, who, to connpleto the mocking illusion, had fashioned the figaro of man to stand on deck with a human face toughened into uan idle, eternal contempla tion. & I clinimbed wilhout difilculty into the fore chalis, the snow being no hard that my feet ,nd hanlls made not the least ipIIresioI oil it, and somnewhait warily-feeling I he govern. ment of a lpeculiar awe. mollnting into a sort of terror, lndeed-stood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ship. 111 ian y eyes swiftly here aid there, for Indeed I did not know what might steal or leap lteo view. Let it be remembered that I was ai sallor, with the superstitions feelings of illy calling in ie, and though I do not know that I actually believed in ghosts d appaad a l specters, yet I felt as if I did-lpartleularly upon the deck of this silent ship, rendered spirit like iy the grave of ito in which s-he lay, and by the long years (as I could not doubt) during which she had thus restedi. Hence, whe 1 slipped olf the bulwark llt to the deck 1and viewed the ghastly, white, lolely scene, I felt for the momiineit ius if this strange iiscovery of ne1111 lwas not to lie exhaustedl of its woniders anid terrors by the laure existence of the ship-- imn other word.s, that I mnust expect inometllingot the supernlatural to enter into this icy sepul cher, and be plepared for sights imioro muar velous and terrifyilng thaut frozen corpses. Presently, getting the better of ily perItir bution, I walked aft, and stepping onu to the pool deck, fell to an examination of the conl plunion or covering of the after huatch, which, as I have elsewhere said, was covered with snow. CHAPTER X. AOTIER STARTTLING, DISCOVEnY. This hatch formed thile enranc to the cabin, and there was no other road to it that I could see. If I wante lto use it I must first scrape away the snow; but unhapplily I luai left lily knife in the boat, anid was without any instrunenit tlhat wonhi serve Ile toscralpe with. I thought of breaking the beer bottle that was in nly pock-t. and scratching with n piece of tile glias; Iut before doing this it occiurred to tne to search the body on the sturboard side. I ippronehoed hin as if hlie wer alive and murdelrously fierce, and I own I did not like to touch him. He resemblel the flglre of n giant llohledl in snow. In life he must hav- been six feet il a lhalf tall. The snow had bloated hinm, and though lie leaned hestoo:l I's high as I, who wa1s of a tolerable stature. The snow was oil his beard anlll itstache 1d in11 his hair; but these features were mlerged all I coimpacted into the snow on his ecolt, and as his cap came lowanlld was covered with snIw too, 11ie, with the little fragInent of collate namc that reolnained-th tflesh whereof had the color and toughness of the skini of a drami that Ilhas been well beaten- submitted as ter rible an object as mortal sight over restu:l oil. I say 1 did not like to touch himt, alnd on1e reason cwas I feared lie would tllllbto. and though I know not why I should have dreaded this, yet the apprehension of it se worked in me that for some time it held mo idly staring at hin. But I could not cuter the cabin withoult first scraping the snow front the comlpanion door; and the cold, after I hand stood a few mnolents inactive, was so hitter as to set o11 craving for shelter. So I put miy hlid ulipon the body, and discovered It, as I might have foreseen, frozen to the Ilhardess of steel. His coat-if I nmay call that i coat whsich resenm bled a robe of snow-fell to within a few inches of the deck. Steadyinlg the body with ono hand, I heartily tweaked the coat with the other, lhoping thus to rulturo the ice upon it-in doing which I slilqed alnd fell on nly back, and in falliing gave a convulsive kick, which, striking the feet of the figure, dis lodged them frolm their frozen hold of the dck, and down it fell with a mighty bang alongsideo of me, and with a loud crackling noiso like the rending of a sliheet of silk. I was not hurt, and sprang to lny feet with the alacrity of fright, and looking at the body saw that it hald managed by its fall nlmch better than my hands could havo compassed; for the snowv shroud was cracked and crulal bled, slabs of it had lbroken away, leaving the cloth of the coat visible; and what best pl.eased lmei was the sight of the eld of ma hanger, forking out from the skirt of the coat. Yet to come at it so as to draw the blndu from its scabbard reluniredl all intolerable ex ertion of strength. im rlclothes on his body wero indeed like a suit of nail. I never could have believed that frost served cloth so. )At last I manalulged to 1111ul the cut clear of the hilt of the Ilanige; the blide was stuck, but anfter I haid tugged at bit it slippled out, and I follnd it a good piece of steel. The corpse wns habited in jack boots, a coat of conlrse, thick cloth lined with lluulel; under this a killd of blouse or doublet of ried cloth, confllcedl by a belt wit leait:lhern loops for pistols, His iapllarel gave nl no clew to the ago hae belongedl to; it was no better, ia deeld, than a sort of llasqlleradillg attire-as thougll the fashiollns of llorol thanu o0 colin try, aLlld perhapsIIIIis of moel t1lhan1 one agoe, hnd gono to th hIllhitillng of hiull, He looked a 1burly, inllnuellse creaturoaes la11 lay upon tho deck ill thlo milno bent attitude iin which Io had stood at thie ral I; anll so dreadlftul vlas his facee, with at sillgliir dtlabolical exI)e.essiull of lcCl-inlg Illllice, cnsedi by thle lids of his eyes being ?ihalf closed, tlihat ]11ivigtikclltIe o11 Impei) I had iio nliid to ilepent it, thougll I was above tell louilulles wrestling with his ecloluk and hanger before 1 had the ,we1l1oln fairl in mly hauld. I wlkedi to the ctnlpanio, nandl fell to scraling the sinow aitway fIrol it. 'fTwas like craitclhil1g at lorllilr betwveeni bricks. 1ut I workeld liird, aulll preseClltly, wvith thle poillt of thile hlillge'r, felt the crevice 'twilxt thle door alld the jlllllu, after wIliel it was not lollg be fore I hald carv- ed the door put of its plateo of Ico ailtld SloV. I toIled onil, and iavin-g cleared the door of the snow that bolunld it, i pried it apart with the llangcr aill tilhe drgged at it; btl the snow onl the dleek. would not let it olen fllar, anll as tllereo wts I'ooil fop 1lie to sqeeEzo throglgh I dli Ilot stop to eiripo the obstruCe tion awiy. . A fliglht of itleps salk Ilto thle 111'k1iess of tile iteclior,l' alld ii ohl, stralllge mell Iloantedl ulp, wil h soi1ethlilng of a ldrly iarthinless of flavor and a Uminglilg of leather and imber. Y.L ..XJ. *..L J. 10 A.L T fell back a pace to let as Imuch of thissianll exhale os woili. before I i lllulred into nil ant inmsphere ithaL hadl been hermnelically bottled by the ice inI thllt cllilln wince the hour when this little oolur was I?st closed. SupeIrstition was activ iln mlle agnin, and, when I peered ilto the bltacklless at lit bottoll of the hatch, I felt ns might ia schoolboy oil the threshold of a liiiUterl room in which lie is to bolecked up asia punl.shilent. I plut 111y foot il tile lIadder and descended very slowly ilndeed. Oil reaching the buttoo 1 'reCaillned stand. ing closeu nginst thle ladder, striving to see illnto 'wIlit allinnller oC phlac 1I was tiriveCd. Thl'glare of till whlitleness of tlie tlckse anI rocks hllung iiIll nIly eyes like n kind of bliiltndes cllarged with fires of several colors, anld I oun1l nt11 libtaill tile faintest glillnips of liny 1p11rt of this llntrimr outsidlo the sltphere of the little Slllnre of Illizy light which lily lupoll thle ideek li th e foot of[ thli steps. Tle dark. iess, ilndeed, was so deepl t hllut I conclulded llis was nlo ilrlllo tlllln I"narrow well, formed of Iillkhenldls, nlld that tile cabill was beyond, alnd led to by n dtoor il the buIlkhead. To test this colijecLtlur I extelded lly anrms in it groping plstuire and stepped a pace for wnrld, feeling to right and left, till, having gone live or six lpces froml tle ladder, nily iingers touclhedl soitlethin cold, and feeling it, I pa.ssed illy hand down what I instantly knew, 1ty thle projection of the inoso and the 'rolghlites of hair oil tile upper lp1, to be ai 1111h1111n 'aive. A little reflection might have plreparedl ime for tllis, bull I had not reflected, lit least in ihis direction, und was tllerefore not pr1 lparel; allnd the horrible thrill of that black chill contact wetnt in aill tigolny through lily nerves, mlld I burst into 1 vlolent perspiration. I blcked away with all mly hair astir, and theli slot lul tie laIhldr as it the idevil liad been behind tIl; annd when I reached the deck I trelmbled so violently tlhat I hall to lean agalinst, the colipllanioi lest ily klly netes houil give wiy.' Tle comiipaiuloti dour wia sluall, anlil being caerceinture Ihll solj:lr, I was not esurprised tllat only 11 very faint light entered by it. If tlto lp wtero relmoved l dolbted not I sllhoili be table to get a view of tile cabin ellugh to showv 111i whIer1e the winldows or iprt loles were. So I wcint to work with tle hanger ngain, insensibly obtaining a little stock of coluragel froln the mIero bran dishingl of it. In half an llhour I had chipped anlll cut away tlihe ice round tlhe companion, and then found it to be onl of tlilos old fash imined clumisy hlltch covers, formlerly used in certain kinds or Dutch slhips-namlely, a box with a shoulder shapd i11d. This lid, thougl Iheavy anil fitting with II tolgue, I manlaged to luishlipl, ol which the full siluare of tile hatch lay openll to ihe sky. Tlih light ?vo-n mie lheirt. Olnc mlore I ido colided. After n few imlollenlls the bewil dering dazzlo of tile snow faded off lily sight, an1l I could see very distinctly. Tile cabin was a smaill room. The forward part lay i ilslladow, tIll I could distingluish tle oulltline o f thu .a illniilmlt allnillships of the bulkhead there. ]i tlhe center of this cabin was ia snmlll siquiare table, sulpported by iron plus, that pierced throllugh Stllnllhions in such a innlller thal the tallo could at will be raised to tlhe ceiling, alnd there left for the conivelllience of sipace. At this table, seated upon slhort, quaintly wrolglit belnches, land immediately facing each other', were two ilmen. They wore in Facing eclch other, were two melt. comlparably more life like than the frozn I figures. The one whose back was upon the latchway ladder, being the man whoso face I hald stroked, sat upright Inll the posture of i person about to start up, both haIdll uponl the rilll of the tablo and his countenance raisedl as if, in at sudden terror and agony of death, he had darted ia look to God. So in imuitably expressive of life ,vas his attitudo that, though I knew himn to be a frozen body, as perished as if he had died with Adamu or Noah, I was sensible of a breathless wonder in ime that the affrighted start with which he seemled to be rising froml the table was not continued-that, in short, he did not spring to his feet with the cry that you seelned to hear in his posture. The other filgre lay over the table with his face buried ill his IIns. IIe wore no cover ing to his head, which was bald, yet his hair on either side was plentiful nud lay upon his arlms, nud his beard fululing up about his buried face gave hiint n uincolnon, shaggy plpearance. The other had oni a round fur cap, with lappets for the cars. His bodywas iallled in a thick ash colored coat; his hair was iileo nllabundant, curlilng long anld black down hi is b sck; chlecks were smooth, manifestly through Ilnture rather than the razor, anld the enllds of i small black lmustacho were twisted tip to his eyes. These were the only occupanllts of the calliln, which their presence rendered terribly ghastly and strange. t" The interior was extremely plain; lie bulk heads of a mnahogany color, the decks bare, llnd Iothing ii tile forml of an orilalent saly ing a silver crucifix hanging by a nail to the trunk of the iuniinllllst, and ia cage, with a frozen bird of gorgeous plumage, suspendlled to the bulkhead near the hatch. A small lantern of an old plttern dangled over the table, and I noticed that it contained two or three| inches of candle. Abaft the hatchway was a door on the starboard side, which I oleIned, anld fotunld a lnarrow, dark passage. I could not pierce it with iimy eye beyond a few feet; but perceiving within this ranllgo the out linuofta little door, I concluded that here were t(he berths in which the manster and. his ilmtes slept. There was nothing to be dolne in the dark, and I bitterly lamented that 1 had left my tinder lox and flint iin the boat; for then I could luaro lighted the caudle in the lantern. "P'erhaps," thought I, "one of those figures mauy have a tinder box upon hliln." Custom was now somellwha?lt hardening mlle; mlloreover, I was spurred on by it luortal ?llx: lety to discover if there was any kind of food to ho met with in the vessel. So I stepped up to the figuao whose face I had touchedl, and felt in his Iockets; but pelithler oil hintm or on the other dild I find what I wanted, thoughl I wats not a little astonished to discover ill the ,ocl.ckets of the occupants of so small aind huunllo i ship as this schooner n fine gold watch, as rich as the onel I had brouht awny frolll the mniusi oil the rocks, and nmore elegant in shul,e, a gold snuulhor ?at willt Ihlinolis, several rings of beauty and value lying loose In the lbreehes pocket of the nllnm whose face was hidden, a handful of Spanis'l pieces ill gold, handkerchiefs of flne silk.allnd other articles, as if indeed these fellows had been overhauling a parcel of booty, and then carelessly returned the contents to their pockets. But what I neiled was the means of ob. taminin a light; so, after casting about, I thought I wohal search the body on deck, and -eant to it, and to my great satisfaction discovered what I wanted in the first pocket I dipped my hand into, though I had to rip open the mouth of it away from the snoow with tile luner. I returned to tho cabin and lighted the candle, andlcarrledthe lantern into the black passago or corridor. There were four small doors, belonging to as many berths. I openoed the first, nuid entered a compartment that smelled so intolerably stale and fusty that I had to come into the passage again and fetch a few breaths to humor my noso to the odor. As in the cabin, however, so hero I found this noxiousness of air was not caused by put refection or any tainting quail. ties of a vegetable or unimnl kilad, but by the deadness of the pent up air itself, as the foulness of bilge water is owing to its belug imprisoned from air in the bottom of the hold. I held up the lantern and looked about Ine. A glance or two satisfied mo that I was int a room that had been appropriated by the steward and his mates. A number of dark objects, which on inspection I found to be hatms, were stowed snnaly away inI battens under the ceiling or ul . erdeck; a cask half full of flour stood in n ,'orner; netr it lay a large course sack int which was a quantity of biscuit, a piece of which I bit and found it as hard as flint tand tasteless, but not in the least degree tllolly.- There wero four shelves runiing uthwarlshipis full of glass, knives and forks, dlishes and so forth, sonle of the glass very choice inlt elegaut, and many of the dishes and iplate also very lino, fit for the greatest noblceman's table. Under the lower shelf, on the deck, lay a saick of what I believed to be black stones until, after turn ing one or two of them about, it cameuo upon tme that they were or had been, I should say, potatoes. Not to tease you with too many particulars uinder tills head, let me briefly say that in this lardler, or steward's roomu, I found nalnolg other things several cheeses, a quantity of candles, a great earthenware pot full of pens, several potulds of tobacco, about thirty lemons, along with two small etasks and three or four jars, mlanifestly of spirits, but of what kind I could not tell. I took a stout sharp kn;ife front one of the shelves, and pulling down one of the hunts tried to cut it, but I Wmight as well have striven to slice a piece of marble. I attemplted next to cut a choese, but this was frozen as hard as the haln. The lemons, candles and tobacco had the samuo astonishing quality of stoniness, and nothing yielded to the touch but the flour.. I laid hold of one of the jars, and tllought to pull the stopper out, but it was frozen hard in the hole it fitted, and I was ilvo mlinutes hammering it loose. When it was out I insrtedl asteel-used for thesharp onting of kulves-and fotmd the contents solid ice; nor was thero the faintest smell to toll Ieo what the spirit or wino was. Never before did plenty ofrer itself inm so mocking a shaple. It was the very irony of abulltllance-substantial ghostliness and a :nlrmecido's feast to aiy aching stomach. But, there was biscuit, not ulnconqulerablo by teeth used to the faro of a sea life, and picking tup a whole one I sat nie down oil the edrl of a cask and fell a-tlunchilng. Oni re Ilectionll however, comlforted mie?-- nlanmily, Iat tills petrifaction by freezing had kept Ih " victuals sweet. I was sure thero was littli tlhat llt ightnot b thaliwed itto relish aible and nIlturislillng food and drink by a good ilre. Thoitighttof tllhestorestook such a weight ofIL my minit that no felon reprieved from death could feel more elated than I. -My forelodings had colme to naught in this regard, and hero for the Itmoment ly grato ful spirits wero content to stop. CIHAPTER XT. I MAKE FURTIHEI DISCOVERIES. Solong ns I mtoved about atnd worked I did not feel the cold, but if I stood or sat a couple of minutes I felt the nip of it ill Isy very marrow. Yet, fierce as the cold was hero, it was imllpossiblu it could be compara blo with the rignrs of the parts ill which this schooner had originally got locked up in the ice. 1io doubt if I died on deck my body would be frozen as stiff as the figure oil the rocks; but, though it was very conceivable that I might perish of cold in the eabin by sitting still, I was sure thi tetmperaturn be low had not the severity to stonily me to the granito of the menll at the table. Q Still, though a greater degree of cold cold as killing as. if the worll had fillen sun less-did unqucstionably exist in those lati tudes, whence this ice with the schooler in its hug had hfloted, it was so bitterly bleak ill this interior that 'twas scarce imaginiable iu couldl he colder elsewhere; and is I rose from the cask, shudlering to the heart with the frosty, motionless attnlosphere, tliy mind ntaturally wellnt to the consideration of a fire by which I might sit anld totst tmyself. I putt a blunch of candles inll tiy pocket they woere us hard as it parcel of inarline spikes-ald k ook the lantcrn ilto thle plssage and inspected the ntext room. hero was it cotthung lip by hiooks, and a largo black chest stood in clents upon thle deck; some clothes dangled front pills ill the bulkhetad, and upon a kind of tray fixed ulponl short legs and serving as a shelf were a mliscellaneous bundle of boots, laced waistcoats, three corner hats, tacouple of swords, three or four pistols, atnd other objects not very readily distinguishable by the candle light. There gwas a porel which I tried to open, but found it so hard frozet I sholul nleed ia hlutdslpike to start it. There er re tilrteo cabhins besides this-the last cabin, that is, thile oto i the stern, beinlg the biggest of the lot. Enach haill its cot, and eaclt also lhad its own special muddle andl litter of boxes, clothes, flireamns, swords andt the like. Indeed, ly this timo I was begihtning to sco hlow it; wis. 'h'le susIticion that the watches lind jweClry I hidt discoveredl oil the bodies of the 11nC11 lidi excited wts nowV conlcrmed, and I waits suntisled that this schooner hadil lcet a piraite or bLLceancer, of what natlolniliy I could Iot yet divilo methought Splalishl fliotlu thie co.stUllle of the irst flguro I had cntllcouteredl ; and I was also convin?cedu, by the brief ghilce I ilirecteul at the thlg in the clsbin, liilrticulurly thle weael ing apptatl, iutd tile tillake anuld pllplearnlc of the flrearlns, that she nlust hILavO bCeen illn this positioltl foir Illluwld of lifty 'Intrs. The tlloughlt aicsctd Itme grtually-twcnity years before I wias lt rti thlose tiwo Imlen wetr sitting dead ill thile cbnl lied on d2cli was keepiug his blind and sileut lookollt; hie on the rocks, with his hlluls lockl ilolln his knees, satsutnl in bhalln ;ullin frozent cotlltet plationt I Every cabin Iltd its port, lnd Ilholo wore ports in tile vessel's sid, ol?p~iito; lut oil le flection I cosisiLecduth tlithe olenlilil wollhl be the warnier 'or their ri- iuilning closed, null so I cam avoway ntl entereILd the great cabiln afresh, bent ou exploring thie forwutard pirit. I must tell you that thile illiilnllilstt liel.e ilg the tippetr dtck, catle dowii linse tigaticSt tihe i hlkiload tllti forliaed tihe florwiild wall of the catbin, and on apjroaching this partil 