AMUSEMENTS. . THEATRE ROYAL. 'A crowded hoiise.and a brilliant performance dwtdngrrishiBd! " tte vsecond representation of "The Goridoiiers"..,aOhe ..Theatre Royal on Thursday, night --Ev^ry,seat in the circle as well as the reserved stalls and other portions of the house was filled, and the packed benches seemed . to give to the performers the encouragement' they '? needed to present what-they regarded: ra3 the best repre sentation of the opera: that has been, seen in Australia. All . the* characters were thoroughly'and ably Sustained, and in a manner "which evoked "the heartiest "plaudits from,''the audience.'" Our old friend Mr. Bracy was in excellent voice, and sang and acted with a sympathetic feeling which fell in exactly with the - supposition ' that he was a foster-oarsman if not a foster- brother of the other gofidolie'r, Guiseppe Palmiere, Mr. vJhas. Riley. . This; gentleman makes the acquain tance of an Adelaide audience for the first time this season, and. he has already established himself- by his manly presence and his splendid baritone voice as a public favorite. He ib also^ a .capital actor, and it would be difficult to' suggest" where he' could improve uoon his representation.. He dances deftly also, X and will be greatly, in request;" as a partner on the night of the squadron ball.' Mi*. Elton, as the I)uke of Plaza-Tora, is \- a lai^e order in a small compiass: He is simply inimitable in: all that he says and does-and nearly all that he sings. -He . looks good enough- to float into a- company, -arid thp cornermen have had many worse specs on paper than Billy Elton as Plaza-Toro. Mr. Howard Vernbn is the exemplificatibnof Gilbertian humor. ] ] No _man alive, 'ever spoke the dialogue -better or in a more grotesquely satirical vein than Yernon does, as not a point escapes.him, nor will he allow it to be lost ^on the audience. He never saves himself either in the action, as he plays and poses as though the full- weight of fa Poo Bah was always upon his .shoulders. Miss Flora Graupner is as usual lively and effective as Gianetta, and in Miss Violet Varley, who appears as the other, bride of the other. gondolier, the management: have . a very pretty and pleasiner actress as . well as ex cellent 'singer, who can boast of a rich. mezzo-soprano . voice, although undertaking" a.' role previously .sustained^ by a contralto. Miss Florence Young as Cassilda looks in every xvay worthy to occupy the mimic throne, and riot only b&rs; a charming presence and stately figure but has. a' clear fresh voice which com mends itself, to " her hearers. Miss Elsie Cameron as the Duchess of Plaza-Toro Has a. good presence and sings like, a finished' artiste. . The; various other members . of , the company contribute to the effectiveness , of the representation, and; the mounting of the piece is on a. scale of magnificence in dress display that has seldom: been equalled on the ' colonial stage. The choruses/ are all given with remarkable,' precision1 and spontaneity. Great credit is due to Mons. Leon Caron for the very efficient orchestration, and on the whole, the "Gondoliers" may be regarded as one of the very best of operatic productions that has ever been presented in Adelaide. , . - - .. ' '. Gabneb'S ROOMS. , There was a well-filled house at Garner's Booms on Thursday night, when the Stacey . Company repeated their excellent representa tion of "Hans, the Boatman," which was re ceived with hearty applause and laughter. -. .-MUSICAL GHOST ILLUSION. The mayor .and Mrs. Cohen, with a party of, ladies, were ambngst'the visitors to this exhi bition on Thursday afternoon, and were highly pleased both with theillusion and the music. To-day is the last but one of Mi. Bousmard's*! season in Adelaide. 