CHAPTER XXIV. " YOU 1 IS IT YOU, THEN !" Hartleigh Hall was filled with guests, and al though Guy was not there to sit down with them that night, Sir Richard did not wait lor him, for he knew that lie had much to do now that he had undertaken the care of the estate. Dinner was over, and there had been music, and many of the guests had seated themselves at the card tables, llaida had wandered out on the verandah, where she thought to be alone, hut she had not been there many seconds when she heard a step behind her, and looking around, saw Caryl Wilton. ' Pardon me for disturbing you,' he said, ' but I had a word to say to you which I hoped you would forgive. It is about a dear friend of mine who is near to trouble without knowing it, and I want your advice on the matter. Will you give ^ She turned a trifle pale and drew a sharp breath. ' At least I will hear the caEe. she answered, in a scarcely audible voice. ' To make it more clear to you, let ns suppose a case. " ct us take the case of a woman wfcc is in danger. She has an acquaintance—ady Gladys, for example—who is jealous of L=r and wishes her harm. Then there comes a man from America, who tries to appear very simple, but who has a secret understanding with .Lady Gladys. I don't know what harm the man can do but 1 am convinced he seeks to do harm. What 1 would like to say to my dear frier d is, that if she has any papers or other valuables which could possibly betray her, she had better destroy them, that is all. He had not looked directly at Maida as he said this, or he would haYe seen that she was growing ashy pale. Perhaps he knew the probable effect of his words, and preferred not to look at her un til he had finished. ' How can 1 help you in the matter ?' she asked in a low tone. Then he turned, and looked her full iu the face. ' If nothing suggests itself to you, then there is nothing you can say to help me,' he gently said. 'No,' she answered, almost coldly, 'nothing suggests itself to me. 1 do not understand you. I hope you will excuse me if I leavo you. I wish to walk.' " Not alone?" 'Why not?' ' Oh, you must not. Those jewels 1 You might meet some evilly disposed person,, or— ' You are fanciful, Mr. Wilton. Please excuse me,' and she drew her light shawl about her,and glided away from bim. He stood looking after her with lowering brows, and had just made up liis mind to follow her and insist upon accompanying her, when he heard Sir Bichard calling him, and stood still. ! Ms that -you, Mr. Wilton ?! . ' Yes. Sir Bichard.' j ' 1 am like a shepherd who is always losing his sheep. Have you seen my daughter ?' 'Miss Hartleigh has gone to her room, perhaps,' said Caryl, knowing how alarmed the old man would be. if he knew that his daughter had gone out into the grounds alone to walk. And the two walked back iuto the house together. j Maida stepped swifily across the terrace, hold- I ing her shawl closely to her, the. moonlight fall ing on her face, which showed no trace of nervousness or fear—nothing but a sort of vexa tion at having been spoken to about a matter which she had been trying to forget. She no loiiger feared. Save for passing moments of sud- j den, fiereo mental struggles, like those of a chained and imprison fed wild animal, no presen timent filled her soul, or tempted her to swerve from the dangerons path on which she had set out. Sometimes she almost believed that her past life was a dream, and that she was Constance Hartleigh- To-night, save for a few moments of terror, as Caryl Wilton revived memories of the past, she was at peace with herself and with the past. He was fanciful. What could there be in any secret between Lady Gladys and the American—any secret which could hurt her? Bven Caryl Wilton could not he sore that she was not the rightful daughter of Sir Bichard, for, after all, she was the only daughter he hadlivihg and she would not let him think that he could move her at will. With a look of defiance, she half paused and looked around. As if to strengthen her assur ance, the night lay silent as a tomb. ' How exquisite!' she murmured, looking up at the sky. ' I shall snrely have time to have a , look at the church. How can they find any pleasure in sitting in those warm rooms, while all this calls to tbem iu vain ?' j Communing thus, she opened the wicket-gate, | and stood among the tombs, gleaming white in the moonlight. And, as she looked aronnd, a smile played abont her lips. ' Certainly 1 am not nervous, she said. ' Are there many women with a taste like mine who would stand here without & shudder ? How quiet j it all is ! 1 wonder how the church looks in side.' ! She was passing the porch to look in at one of the small windows, when she saw, to her aston ishment, that the door was half open. With a smile at the thought of the extent to which Sir I Richard's anger and amazement would have gone ' had ho but known it. she pushed the door open, and entered. She stood in the nave, admiring the weird 1 beauty of the moonlit pillars and carvings, and then, walked slowly around the aisles. A vivid rsy.of moonlight fell upon a large white marble' tablet, and attracted her attention to it. The tablet was no curiosity to her, but she always looked at it whenever she entered the chnrch. She knew the lines by heart, hut she read them again: SACRED TO THE MEMORY OF AGATHA, WIFE OF SIR BICHARD HARTEEIGD, BAR!,, Born June 6th, IS—, Died December 11th, 13—, * To Lady Hartleigh !' she murmured. ' Yes« that is the world's way. A huge, glaring tablet of stone is offered as an atonement lor a life of i wrong-doing, as a compensation for years of ! suffering. Such atonement and compensation as ' it is, she has had paid to her ; but what atone ment has been made to that other suffering woman, betrayed and deserted ? I forget. An ' atonement has been made, and it is I who have snatched it—1, the daughter of the betrayed, wronged, deserted woman 1 Atonement, do 1 say ? What atonement could be more complete ? 1, the child of the deserted woman, and in the place of the rightful heiress, am the acknow ledged daughter and heiress, bear the proud ! Hartleigh name, wear the family diamonds, can marry, if £ choose, the heir to the title. Mother!' and she stretched out her arms, with, a passion ate sob; ' have I not already kept my oath? What more can you demand ? What more? Is ; it not enough ? Mother, be satisfied 2' With a gesture almost of appeal, she let her firms fall to her sides, and with bent head moved | from before the tablet. As she passed into the deep shadows cast by one of the pillars, a sudden thrill ran through her j —one of those strange sensations by which we are convinced that, hitherto unsuspected by us, we feel that some other human being is near us. She heard nothing, saw nothing, yet she felt that something strange and mysterious was near ; her. For the first time since leaving the terrace fear seized her. An intangible horror reached out a hand from the unknown and touched her. White as death, not trembling, but with every limb as rigid as the stone figures on the tomb, she, leaned against the pillar and stared before her. A minute—it might have been an age—passed, and she was about to make a great effort to recover her presence of mind, when, with a horror no tongue can describe, she saw a white substance gliding from the chancel. With noiselees, regular movements, it seemed to float down the aisle, now lost in the shadows, ! now white and distinct iu the moonlight. Cold beads of sweat stood on Maida's face. With starting eyes she watched, powerless to move a limb or utter a cry: one thought alone possessing her, in the shape of a vague prayer, that the Something might not approach her or turn its face. Slowly the white figure reached the nave and was gliding toward the door, when all at once, as it came opposite to the tablet to the memory of Lady Hartleigh, it threw up its arms, and turn ing full towards Maida, wailed mournfully: ' Mother ! mother!' With an awful horror, Maida saw that the face was that which she bad last seen lying cold and rigid in a far-away land. For one moment she stared in speechless horror, and then started forward, with a wild cry. The face turned from the tablet, with an ex pression of horror not less than Maida s own, stared an instant, and then, with a wail, cried: • You ? Is it you, then?' The cry rang in Maida's ears like a call from the dead,*and, with a piercing scream, she sank senseless on the cold stones. It seemed to Maida that an age had passed when she recovered consciousness, and slowly, fearfully raised her head and looked at the spot where she had seen the accusing face. She gave a great gasp of relief when she realized that she was alone. Painfully she rose to her feet, mur muring: 'Havel been asleep, or—or was it a vision ? No ! Such things are not possible. There are no ghosts, save our own evil consciences. And yet —and yet—oh, Heaven, how like it was ! And— and—there it stood—there; by her mother's tab let, uttering her name—crying ' mother, mother!' It was a dream—only a dream; hut one more such dream would drive me mad.' It was some minutes before she could summon sufficient courage to leave the shadow of the pillar and make her way to the door; but at last she passed out of the church, and closing the door behind her, stood in the porch, drawing her shawl aronnd her, and struggling hard to gain composure.—(To be Contistued) LC 15 