ITEE/IS OF SPORT. ORIGINAL AND CRIBBED. (By the " Bibd of Freedom " Staff.) Oddfellow was fairly well backed on Satur day although ho wont out at long odds. King Olaf won the Hawkoabnry Antumn Handicap like a racehorse in 2inin SoIboc. Don .Tolm pulled up very lame after the Rowley Mile. He sprung his off fore pastern. Ilongist gave ns a tnsto of his true form in the Hurdle Race at Hawkosbnry last Satur day. The annual report of the South Melbourne Football Club la to hand, and ia very eatis- faotory. The Old 'Un'a Note Book is now widely road. Tlio ancient party has been dead on the spot tipping winners of late. Tom Malonehasiiotbeen out shark shootingof late. Since Tummas hit the life-buoy he's been very careful with his gun. Choristor'e logs aro giving Tom Cimh a good deal of trouble. The son of Whirlwind did a power of work as a two-year-old. Hawley Smart's latest novel, "The Plunger," ia well worth reading. Messrs. Edwards, Dnulup and Co.'s name appears o« the book. The owner of Hengist was asked by the Hawkesbury Race Club stewards to erplaiu the horse's running in tho First Hurdle Race. Sullivan Bros.' blood stallion, Forest King, asraia took first honors at the Bathurat Show. The grand old follow takes a lot of wiping out. The Hawkesbury meetang taken throughout was a dooided sueooaa, but the big race dwindled down to very small proportions at the finish. Finding that Bondigo was evidently on the down grade, Mr. Wallaoe has disposed of the handsome little brown horse to a South Aus tralian buyer for .£300. It ia reported that the well-known Sydney light-weight rider, " Toby " Moran, has been engaged by Hon. D. S. Wallace, and will shortly take up bis ooeupation in Victoria. Mr. Kelso refused to lodge aprotost against Epinition, wiimor of the Sportsman's Handi cap, but Vander warden was oantioued for stookyarding Southerly Buator with Moscow. . H. W. M'Cann (Hercules) \Ton Sir John A.stley's " British Born Weight Lifting Competition," held in the St. James' Hall just prior to the departure of the last mail. Tlioro wore IG competitors. The annual competitions in connection with the Western Rifle Association, which take Ijlaco at Bathui'st on Wednesday, April 20, promise to bo a great suocos. Tlio entries number close upon 150, and teams will be pre sent from all parts of the colony. Tiio Bellinger River .Tockoy Club anuounco a progrannno of balf-a-dozon events, to bo played out on May 25. The chief event is the Club Handicap, to wliich 25 eovs. is added for the first horso, and a sweep of IDs caoli from atarters to the second. The club is now in possession of a really good track, the sum of £75 having recently boon e.vpendod upon it. The National Cross-country Championship of England took place over a ton miles cross- oounti-y course (must liave boon short. — Ed. B. o' F.) at Birkenhead, ju-st prior to the de parture of the mail, and was won by the Birch- fiold (Birmingham) Harriers. J. Kibblowhite, of the Spartan Harriers, finished first, and B. W. Parry, of the Salford Harriers, was soconcl. The time is given as 51min 203eo. The Rugby Union football match between England and Scotland resulted in a win, and the" rose plnyud a very bad second to the tliLstlo. On the same afternoon Ireland mot Wales, and the wearers of the Shamrock wore boaf on after a very close game. Whilst the Welshmen only just won, the Scotchmen had an easy ta-sk. Full particulars will appear in tlio Referee. TIio nioucys received at the gates during Mr. 'T. S. Clibborn's recent sales amounted to £34 7s 6d, and have boon distribntod as follows: — Littlo Sisters of the Poor (Rand- wick), £10; church at Paterson (per Mr. H. H. Brown) £5 ; Children's Hospital (per Mr. W. Garliug) £5 ; St. Vincent Hospital, £4 23 Gd ; Soup Kitchen £-4 2b Cd ; Infirmary (Sydney) £4 2s Gd ; and Hospital for Con sumptives (Parramatta) £2. At Mouto Carlo, cue of tlio Rothschilds suc- cecdod in ncoomplishing a feat of dead breaking " one of the tables to the delight of the onlookers. Another player, Colonel Bryante, a Dutolimau, baa struok the golden .vein and carriba off daily large smns. Ho bad a remarkable piece of luck with the maximum IS louis re cheval of 28 and 2ih 'I'ho :uuinbcra came out each twice in aucccssioii, .and he walked off with nearly 20,000fr. Prince Victor Uuloop Singh continues to spooulato with a hirgo share of the liberal allowance made to the 'Maharajah, his fattier, by the British Treasury, and young Lord Eosslyn is a regular player. Both, however, have in different luck. The Viscountess Vigier (Sopliic Cruvolli) is good entertainment some times, and she keeps the oronpiera well occupied when she has fairly warmed to the work of putting on her money. " Angur" (Mr, Chapman) is reported bettor. He's too good a man to lose at present. Mr. C. W. Murray, the owner of King Olaf, ia a real good sport, and its a pity wo have not more like him. ' The winner of the South Australia Jockey Club's St. Logor was Norwood, and ho is by Richmond— Zelpha. Enuc scored a win at tlio S.A. J.C. meeting after a dead heat with Stanley. The latter won the Adelaide Cup. Yowl is an nnlucky mare. Her owner, however, always runs her straight, which is more than can bo said of some people. Mr. W. H. Gordon, of Narrabri, lias disposed of the ohesnut horse Albion to a Mr. Williams for £80, 'and the sou of Giugor is destined for Queensland. The largest string of raceliorses in England is trained by W. Olding, at Danebury, under the Huporvisioii of Tom Cannon. It numbers ninety-two, and of these forty-six aro two- year-olds. At the S.A.J.C. mooting The Dospisod, by St. Albans— Blonde, won tlio Goodwood Haii- dioa, with Radoo and Dillon in the other places. Hales had tlio mount on Radoo, and Power on Dillon. Lord Marcus Borosford, who was the oflicial starter of the English Jockey Club, and who resigned to become maiiagcr of the racing stable of Baron do Hirsch, in which the Prince of Wales is also intoreslod, has an engagement for three years at £3000 a year. John Porter, who has cliargo of the Prince of Wales' horses is .said to have only one wish in life, and that is, that just fcr once ho may sncceed in training a horse for the Prince tliat will win the Derby, 'i'iien lie oouid die happy, ho says. He has great hopes of the iiowly- formed stud at Saiidrtngham, but still ho ia forced to confess that it is not this year that his ambition will bo gratified. A local writer says : — Albnry hold some fine hovsoilesh on Tuoad.iy, wlion Carbine, Mcgaplioiio, and Beiidigo, and other linroes from the famons Wallace stable made a slay of about an hour here on their way back to their Victorian home from Bandwiok. The string wore under the charge of Walter Hickcnbotiiam. The grand old Carbine was as gentle as a lamb in Itio box, and when I wont in to have a look at tlio cliampioii, over wliom all Now .South Wales raVed at Raudwlck bii Thuraday , the old fellow whiimiod and put his nose into my hand as if ho was an old friend. His stable companion, Megaiihone, was in the same bo.x, the two greatest harsos in Australia, perhaps, standing within a foot of each other. Megaphone was just ns quiet and gentle as his more famous companion, and the pair seemed to get on wonderfully well together. It ouly wanted Marvel in the vacant stall to make up a trio lit to represent Australiau interests ou the turf in any part of the world. According to an exchange, Mr. P. Ryan, an American, lias brought out in that country an invention for ensuring perfect despatch. About 50ft from the starting post two gates are closed across the track. These gates are modeof Iiidiarubbor, and are very light. They aro fastened to two posts, one on eaoii side of the track, and aro tlioriisolvos 4ft high, so that from the top of tiie gate to tlio ground the distance is 8ft. Tliis is too high for a horse to jump over, and the space under the gate is not sutficicut for a horse to run under. By moans of weights, pulleys, and ropes, ou touohiug a spring those gates fly open and leave the track clear. All the horses to start in the raco aro congregated behinil these gates. The assistant starter sees tliiit all aro well up, ho lota them move towards the gales, aud if they aro thou all in motiou the man at the to piilla the bolt, they fly open, and the track ia clear. Tlioii the horses sweep down poet the starter, and if everything is nil right down goes the flag. Mr. Ryan claims that by his patent no ouo horso can got the bettor of auotbor, and tbo gates would prevent so many breaks and many horsea running a mile or more before the flag goes down. The Melbourne Aqe reporting tbo S.A.J.C. mooting, says The St. Leger was gonorally regarded as a good thing for Cheddar, who was mode favorite, but tbo St. Leonard's stable oatonisbcd tbo public by winning with Norwood, who was tbo outsider of the four that started. Directly the flag fell, the horses dashed away at a terrific bat, Cheddar lead ing, witli Virago second, and then Norwood, who is in the same stable as Cheddar, and belongs to the same owner. Tomlin kept Corrio Roy back last. Cheddar and Virago wore spun out when the turn was reached, whore Norwood shot out, and" Corrie Roy swerving wlieu Tomlin put the whip ou her, the former got homo two lengths in front of the filly, and three lengths off Cheddar was third. The Goodwood Handicap next came on for decision, and 23 ruunora faced the starter. Radoo was a strong favorite at 7 to 2, whilst Dillon, who won the Farewell Handicap at the late V.R.C. meeting, v/as in demand at 4 to 1. Elsie was backed at G to 1, whilst 8 to 1 ahvay.s could bo obtained about The Despised. There was a vexatious delay at the post, but The Depisod was one of the first to begin, and with Elsie led to the pigeon tower. Radoo got off pretty well, but was slow at beginning. At the distance post Hales brought Radoo up with a finely timed run, but he could not quite catch The De spised. The winner, who was snpported by the stable, but not for a largo stake, is owned by Mr. John Crozior, aud is by St. Albana— Blonde. Hop Bitters must have shown Mayo a trial about OS good as Frinoo Imperial's. King Olaf's win in tbo Hawkesbury Han dicap was popular. Mick Quirk bad the sou of Splendor in r.aro buckle. There aro very few men know their business better than the Qneonsland trainer. " Jockey Jack," by " Vorax," is booming along merrily in the Referee. Tliere is con siderable speculation as to wliothcr Blue Blood will win the Newmarket or not. Wait and see. Mr. E. C. Cousins won the Batburst Pionio Race Club Handicap with his black mare Gipsy Girl. She is a five year old, and carried list. Mr. Wicks had the mount. Mr. Cousins won the event a couple of years ago with Ethel. He gonorally has a good one for this meeting. What a jookey Snowdon was, do.spite various drawbacks ! I am very keen in ad miring our Southern cvack-s of tbo in'ofoRsion, but I always fight sliy of argument when a Northerner quotes Jojumy as a champion. With all uiy allogiaucu to other horsemen who distinguish themselves on the flat, I cannot pick up the glove of anyone who seeks to prove Jem Snowdon the best man of his weight in his day. — " Pendraqon." The last has not yet boon beard of the race at Oakleigb-park, in which the well-known jookoys, King and S-andurs, wore disqualified. Ernest Fountain, the jockey who rode In vestigator, the winner of the race, ha.s been called upon by the Oakloigh-park stewards to explain the circurastonooa under which he, as alleged, wilfully struck I Shouldn'i Wonder over the head with liis whip when oloao to the post. Several charges were mode against varioixs persons at the time of the ooourrence, but they could not all bo dealt with at oiioo. The stewards, however, determined to com pletely investigate the whole of the affair, and consequontly they aro calling Fountain before thorn. The matter will probably bo inquired into. Sanders, it is understood, has appealed to the V.R.C. against the extra year's suspension by tbo Oaklojgh-park stewards on the charge of foul riding pre ferred against him by the jockey of Colleen Bawn. Sanders considers that the second charge wits included in the original one on which ho was previously disqualified. " Vagrant," in tlio Maiteand Mercdrt, writes: — Mr. W. T. Jones lately gave 2500 guineas for thccolt Penance, and even that was not considered an exorbitant price at the time, but in the interval to ills appearance at Band wiok, Grand Flaneur's son apparently lost a great deal of his p:ico, and if he wore sub mitted for sale now it is big odds that he would not bring half wlntt bo originally did. However, tbo failure of aristocratio youngsters to uphold tbo expectations formed of them, whilst thoirlowpriced and low looking plebeian brethren wore performing wonders is no now sl»ry, but I may be pardoned for griving an instanoo or two. We have Penance as an example of the one aide, and Highborn will do as a balance, for the ugly looking black was purchased at the sale of the Nootsfiold year lings in 1837 by Mr. S. R. Kennedy for 45 guineas, and was sold by that gciitloman sbmo time afterwards to Mr. Galley for 150 guineas. Lately Graiidmastor's son once more changed hands for 1000 guineas, when Mr. Jones seonrc'l him. in tim'o fortunately to pay him pay him tor his Penance disappointment. Tlio mighty Malua was once sold for £45, aud the toiTiblo Titan changed owners for 4800 guineas. Marvel was bouglit for aometliing like £100, and £500() was offered and refused for him a few daj-s ago. Horseraoiug and buying are lotteries iu which there are a groat many more blanks than.prizos." A writer at Ipswich (Q.) says : — " Once again I hail with pleasure tlio news of the victory of the old Ipswicii identity, Grafton, in the Steeplechase at Raudwiok ou Saturday last. Grafton, as I have frequently stated before, was bred by Mr. M. O'Mailey, and was afterwards .sold to Mr. P. O'Brien, and the latter hawked liim about Ipswich for mouths and failed to secure a buyer for a modest tenner, and it was not until he took bim to Brisbane that lie got bis price for him. A London exchange says : — This winter season of so much discontout and adversity has added the unkiudost cut of all in robbing us of the gonial warm- lieartcd Charles Jousiffo, and that, too, just wlion tlio days were lengthening aud a promise of spring fills the air. Ho succumbed to a pi'otraotod and painful illness, borno with the manly fortitude and gontlonoss always .so noticeable in his obaraoter. It might appear to bo straining a quotation too far to say that one of the loved of the gods has died young, but ho was a young man, as far as energy and working oapacity wore concerned, his actual ago being 48. An apprentice at Asligill he was brought up in a good school, and altliongh in later years his appearance would not have led one to suppose no had over ridden as .a light-weight, but bo wont to scale in that eapaoity when Tom Chalonor and Grimshaw wore also riding for Middleham. The ex- porienoo there obtained enabled him to play a loading part when he visited India, aud the journey to the East sot the seal on his fame. Whether from the sun or the success, his weight went up so rapidly that he wa.s obliged to desert the pigskm and dovoloped into a trainer, pitching his tent at Lambourno, where patrons wore not long in coming, and where lie turned out a series of winners, ovontualljr crowning bis triumphs by propariug . the public idol, Bondigo, for bis many suo- eoBSCs, and turning tbo eyes of the wbolo turf world to Seven Barrows when the "smashi'ag" milor Snrefoot was being pre pared for the season of 1890. That uousistent old raoohorao Willoroo ia R now doing duty between the shafts of a buggy | in Sydney, but tbo veteran La shortly to be I sent into the ooantry to enjoy his ofiiiire citm I diguUate. | A writer in the AusTRALASiArr allnding to Carbine's defeat by Marvel says : — Thoii came fault-fiuding and unlimited advice. Ramage bad made a mistake in making the running. Ho sliould have waited for Marvel and beaten him homo. The reason might have boon worth coii.sidcring had Carbine boon beaten a head iu a dcaporate race, but in 'face of what actually oconrred it was ridiculous. The first to blurt out the truth was a big Sydney trainer, who rushing over to Mr. Wallace, said, " You must have boeu mad to scud him barefoot on a day like this." " I wish you had told mo that sooner," said the owner. "I told Monaghan," was the quiet reply, " when ho was girthing up Marvel, aud didn't ho ohuoklo." Quito so. Had Carbine rnn in plates he would have made a mneh better show of it. The cnrtailment of distances of races is a subject which has ofteu been commented upon by racing men, and it is notieoablo that oven in tlie Warrnambool Amateur Turf Club's mooting no event, except the Hurdle Raco, is to be run over a distance beyond a mile. At one time racing people used to go to the other extreme, and have ail their races of a distance such as knocked their .horses up. Now B exactly the reverse is the case, for the fl majority of raoes aro s6_ short that horses | have barely time to get fairly on their legs, I and a good start from the rest of the field | moans an almost certain win for even an I average horse. An illnstTatipu of the preva- | lent liking for short-distauoe races ia pro-. | vided by the programme of a meeting which ia | shortly to bo dooided on one of our most | popular oourses. There are eight races, and . B the average distance of the wbolo eight is only B six furlongs and a half. Tbo programme, of | course, iiicludod the mile race o'n the flat which the V.R.C. rulo.s insist shall bo run at . all meetings, and doo.s not include any races for two-year-olds. With such groat on- couragomont to " sprintura " it ia no wonder that when a horse like Carbine oomes to the front, and shows groat pace over distances beyond a mile, bo is found to bo a phenome non, and is able to win all Jlie prize-money for the longer distauco races. Dan Miiyne writes : — " The result of the pony trotting contest at the Bathurst show was a terrible facer to the knowing push, who have boon preparing for the affair for several weeks pa.st. Nothing would go down with the talent but Yeoman's Biddy and Joe Burton's Presto, especially as Fred Yeomana was to drive Biddy, and Burton was to pilot his own prad, and were to do it in real Asso ciation Grouud stylo. It had leaked out that George Agnow, tlie great Sydney authority on trotting, was up giving lessons to Yeomaus and Barton on driving trotters. Charley Gwiliiam entered his pony, Gladys, late Let u8 Pray, for the "event, and determined to drive hiinaelf, Dunkold style, but did not bsliove he-had the ghost of a show, neither did the push. Gladys started from scratch at a j spanking pace, winniug as she liked. I Althougli Fred Yeonians and Burton wore their hats on the baeks of their hoods, leant over their horses' rumps with a roin iu each baud and cried out, " Hi-yah ! " and " Hoop-la ! " it WHS no u.so, for they never got near the winner. As soon ns Gladys pulled up, a crowd of maddened backers of the losers rushed to look in the winner's mouth, while some looked under her tail to see if there was a portable steam engine aoorotod i here, and others insisted upon the pony being measured over again. Fred Cousins' Taffy was among tlio starters, but after the first round .stopped to foal. A N.'Z. writer lias the following remarks, which are equally applicable to this colony : — Ouo fruitful source of swindles is the number of selling races held throughout the colory, and the metropolitan racing olubs should set a bettor oxnmplo than to onoourago so -many of those events. We do not refer to all the races which come under the heading of Soiling Races, for the added money to some of those races make them worthy the attoutionof owners of a useful class of horae.s, but it is these tinpot races of small value which are being oucouragod that we strongly objoob to. Tlio idea of clubs like the C.J.C., Dunodin, Hawkos . Bay and Auckland allowing £20 and £30 roooa of this dosoription to clisgrnoo their programoa is to be wondered at. The profits over these events are scmotimoa very large, and if we remember right the Dunedin Clnb oloarod about three times the amonut they gave to the stake over one raco of the kind at their Anfiitnti TVTAnfiTifr Tf 4-.)ioao n.ro Ka enconraged — and they are frequently wel comed by owners wishing to sell their horses — their value must bo raised, and we venture to say that this would be one of the suro.st steps towards doing away with more than half the crooked raoiug that is witnessed on the loading eonrso.s of the colony. The clubs which offer these small stakes mostly do so to enrich their funds, but they offer a premium to dishonest horso owners all Hie same, lead to tlie very worst desoription of horses being raced, in fact do nothing to help to raise the character of the noble sport at all. In the old days of Bell's Life breaking a record was a very solemn affair. On one occasion Mr. Vandy, who was at that time a jourualistio i. 57100, was sent out to time some foot races, and in one of the hundred yards - spins he found that " oven time " had been beaten. Hero was a discovery, and great was Hie talk about it. Many wore incredible, and when the man who ia said to have accom plished this task again tried to rnn a Hundred yai'As in loss than ten seconds, the move ox- porionocd holder of the watch found that he could not got near it. Of oour.'.e it was con cluded that Mr. Vandy had made a mistake. This, however, he would by no means admit, and though many times qncstioncd about it. bis invariable reply was my time's right.' One day bo mot- a friend, who said to him, " yon will be sorry to heat, Mr. Vandy, of the death of my son.' " Don't care a damn, my time's right," pronlptly replied Vandy, who was altogether lost iu his subject. -R AOTN Gr TO-lSriOI-IT A.T LILLIE BRIDGE, FOREST LODGE. VSEATHEE PEEMITriNG. IP POSTPONED NOTICE WILL BE GIVEN IN EVENING PAPERS. 