L A U R I S T O N . (FROM OUR OKS OOBBESPOKSEKI.) Friday. A very interesting marriage was cele- brated at St. Mary's R. C. Church. Kyneton, on Wednesday, by the Very Rev. James Dean Geoghegan, the contracting parties being Mr William Welch, fourth son of Mr E. Welch, to Miss Theresa Murray second daughter of the late Mr James Murray, of this town. The bridal party numbering 25, were conveyed to the church in three drags, which were gaily decorated for the occasion. The bride, who looked charming, was prettily attired in a white embroidered costume and wore the usual wreath and veil; she was given away by her brother, Mr J. J. Murray. The bride was attended by Miss Mary Atkinson, who was neatly attired in white with pale blue trimmings; Miss Katie Welch, sister of the bridegroom, navy blue ; Miss Hanna Kilbride, white dress, liberty silk sash ; Miss Flora Soper, white pink trimmings; Miss Nellie Hickey, white; Miss C. Murray, blue, white trimmings; Miss Alice Bohn, white, terra- cotta sash; and Misses Scheir, fawn cash- meres. At the conclusion of the ceremony the happy , couple were heartily congratulated by their friends. The return journey was made via Malmsbury and Drummond. Lauriston was reached at 2.30, and shortly afterwards the wedding breakfast was admirably served at Shepherson's Hall. There was a large attendance of relatives and friends, and everything passed off with-éclat. Mr F. O 'Connor presided and .O'Connor — preiidw ided and proppsedthe health 'of " Bride Mi "in' felicitous: terms. T« e toaptvwas Enthusiastically Teceived, as^ was appropriately responded to by " r -W^lSi. 'who espreeaed a wish that thoi> present , would heartily enjoy the entertainment that bad been provided. Jamea Murray, brother of the bride, ^ entrusted with the toast of " The Lad>«<. Kid paid • graceful tribute to the to sex for their «xcellencae£. Mr T. Cray responded. Mr J. J. Kilbride propuwi The Parents-of the Bride and Bndetrnnm.*' mfl mm—niil pleasure at secirg them so weUrepresented. Mr J- J Murray, vice-chairman, responded on behalf of his mother, and expressed reg«t and pleasure that his sister had entered the marriage state, and fondly hoped that •he sod her husband would always cherish fond recollections of the homes that they were that day departing from. Mr E. Weloh also responded and hoped that tie would lire to aee four more weddings in his family. Five had already taken place. The proceedings were enlivened with BOORS contributed by Miss Atkinson and Messrs Cray, Omam, Kilbride, and T. Weloh and were concluded with the toasts of "The Press" and "The Chairman." In the evening a ba'.i was held at ihe hall to celebrate the event, when fully 60 couples attended. A very enjoyable time was spent. Music was supplied by Messrs Sloane and Butler's string band, and Mr J. Murray acted as M.C. Altogether the event was the most successful and pleasantest social gathering that has been held here for many yean. The bride was the recipient of many valuable presents. Consternation held the fort m one of our families out here on Tuesday night. A well knowD frequenter of your " Exchange," who never stops away from the family circle without notice, didn't come home from the metropolis as expected, by the " Express." Next day he put inan appearance, bearing all traces of having passed a sleepless night. The explanation was that the luckless individual who has the repute of being generally wide a awake sauntered down to catch the Sandhurst express as he thought. A porter told him that the Sydney express was at the platform, and the Sandhurst train would back in as soon as the former de- puted. Satisfied with this he mooched out into the street to have a smoke and cogitate about O'Connor's, Russell's, and the notable chairman of the " Exchange," whose principal funotion for the future iB to remove obnoxious " drunks" from under the "Vteandalu" " While thus engiged he heard a train .puffing oat of the station, and at unce'retarned to the platform, took his seat in the the train tben at the platform, and, perusing the Herald, dropped off into a doze, and the train went on its way. Sleeping peacefully he was rudelya wakened ly a leather-longed porter shouting iA. ^he^ window' Wallan Wallau." Says he"to himself," The railway man who put .the .names on the Bedesdale line :is -starting on this line now, and without further notice dozed off to be again awakened after a short interval bythecrvof "Broadford." "Great Cesar's ghost!" Shade of Captain Cook, or any other Cook 1 what are they doing with the names of the stations ?" said the bewild a red traveller as he got out on to the platform. The names were allright, but the traveller wasn't, as he fonnd when he discovered himself 46 miles from Melbourne on the North- Eastern line. At half-past 1.1 that night he found himself back at Spencer Street a sadder but a wiser man, having been picked up by a goods train. A meeting of the members of AH Saints' Church was held on Wednesday evening. The Rev C. J). Frewin presided. The annual statement having been submitted and confirmed, the meeting proceeded to elect a secretary and treasurer. ~ Mr Robert Pook having sent in his resignation, owing to his absence from the district. Mr James Dower, junr., was elected to fill the office. The following ladies and gentlemen were elected members of the committee for 1891MiseOdgers, Misses M. and E. Thomsett, A. Dower, E. Elderfield, M. A. TQL, M. Bennie, E Ives, M. Crymble, Messrs E. Tranter, It. Pook, W. Woodman, J. Dower, junr., and George Poole. The meeting then terminated. 