-THE-SECRET-Of THE RIER, Br DORA RUSE~L, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," " The Broken Seal," "' Quiterce," etc. CHAPTER XV. Lrssrrýc. I , Alice Lee felt strager the second day that she spent hidden at River House. So mach stronger that she rose sad dressed her self after breakfas, and watched Dundas again leave the houe, andd lny forth along the river walk ; this timecarrying his fishing rod and creeL Alter he had disappeared, to Dorothy's -orpise, she went down int the kitchen. ",Z am going into the- drawing-room, Dorothy," she said ; "I want to see if hbe has been painting anything new." " He mostly sits in the dining-room, now," answered Dorothy. "But are ye strong enough, mistress, to walk about?" Oh, I feel so much strounger to-day." said Alice, with her sad sweet smile; " it is all your good beef tea, Dorothy, and the care yon take of me. She did not look very strong, but fragile and shadowy; her large eyes violet rimmed and heavy; but still she seemed a different creature, in her dainty white tea-gown and delicateslippers, tothe shabby, half-fainting woman, who had taken refuge in Dorothy's kindly care. " He cannot come back without myseeing or hearing him, you know," she continued, " and I want to look about." She passed out of the kitchen a she spoke, and went up the familiar staircase, and entered the drawing-room which had been furnished to please her taste. It seemed all unreal to her now-this had-been her bome and she had forsaken it. She was like a ghost gliding among the objects amid which she had once lived. Her easel, and his, standiag where they used to stand; his powerful sketch, her feeblecopy--a hundred, hundred things-a thousand memories, came rushing over her. of days passed away, per haps never to return. He had a favourite chair which stood by the window, where in the springtime he ned to sit and read, and where she had often watched the sunlight fall on his brigat hair. The poor fond foolish =oman went now and knelt down by this chair, and laid her head on it, and kissed it many times; "Do you love me a littlestill, Hugh-do you regret me!" she kept murmuring and thinkinz? She had yet some hope; he once had loved her well. and he had always been kind and gentle to her, except during that miserable last unarrel, for which she now blamed her self. It might be all her own jealous fancies about this irl ; but she would watch, she would wait: and if she saw his face was shadowed. and if she heard him-sigh, she mi-hr fled co?raze to steal back to him, to Sing her arms round his neck if she believed they would be welcome. Again shelooked round the room, but saw no evidence of his recent presence there. Drnda. , in fact, had never entered it but bnt one since his return to River House. It was to faoil of painful memories for him ; the sweet fair face, with its faint lines of care, haunted it e?ill, and Dundas would fain now have forzotten this face; have wiped it away from his memory for ever. Presendy Alice heard Dorothy's heavy footfall on the stairs, and she therefsore went out to meet her, closing the ro'mdser softly' behind her, as we close the' doors-where children are eleeoing. or the dead. " " Ye mustn't tire yerelf, mistress," said kindly, hbomely Dorothy. -: " No." answered Alice, ind a sense of bodily fatigue suddenly began to oppress her, which daring the excitement of gazing a: Iot treasures and thinking of past joys shehad not felt She 'therefore returned to her bedroom, and remained there during the reo ci the day, most assiduously attended upon by her faithf"ll servant. But when the night came she grew restless for the moon was full, and the white beams mare the room almost as light as day. She ro~, partly dressed herself, and stole down the =tairs to the kitchen, to see by the clock there what the time was. It was past twelve. Dorothy was snorinng loudly on her settle, and a monse or two scuttled away at the Eound of her footsteps, baht all the rest was ·:ill. Suddenly a strong desire rushed into Alice Lee's heart to wander about the house ; to linger at Dundas' door; to hear him perhaps breathing in his sleep. She sto:e out of the kitchen and up the silent deserted stairs; a white-robed figure, with the moonlight glinting through the panes on her as she passed. She reached the first landing, and noiselessly glided down the corridor to the left ; the shadow, deepen ing here. until crossed by the white beams shining through an open door. Her heart was beating very fast now, and her breath came short. She paused on the threshold of that open door, and stood listening intently. There was a sleeper within, whose regular breathing she could hear, and moved by an impulse she could not restrain, she ent-red the moonlit room. She stopped across the threshold, and then stood still. Dundas lay sleeping on the bed, his arms flung outside the coverlet, and his handsome features plainly visible. The pale watcher clasped her hands together, and tenderness and great lore swept over her like a deep flood. Some minutes she stood thus, her eyes fixed on the placid face of the sleeper, and then Dundas lwegan to stir. He moved his arms restlessly, and the woman turned and fled, gliding away as silently as she came. As she passed swiftly down the corridor, Dundas uttered her name. " Alice, Alice." he murmured in the strange tones of sleep. He was dreaming of her, and maybe her presence there; the deep yearnings of her soul had touched and influenced him with some hidden power. But Alice was gone before he spoke; gone when he awoke, and remembered his dream. "Poor Alice," he thought, half-regret fully, half remorseiully; "I was dreaming of her-poor girl !" Andthenhe sighed and tried to forget her, hut it was strange how her memory haunted him throug? .the night. Yet the next morning he went td N?orthi` bridge, and spent most of the day there, and the time did not seem long. Kathleen had scarcely ridden at all since hei father's death, bat Iundas had been commissioned to buy a horse for her, and they rode out together, and the cottagers said as they passed they were a handsome pair. - That they were so there was little douht. Kathleen had improved of late, and there was a look of sweet hopefulness and content in her shinior eyes. which told of a heart at rest. She believed that lnndas loved her, and she had given to him the fresh affecffso of a virgin heart. Andaes they rode together along the country lanes, the chill October breeze blowing around them, and the inist lying on the fallow .lands and above the river bed, Dondas told bims'lf that he haid never loved as he loved Kathleen Wynford, and to devote his whole future life to her would be now his greatest joy. But while the winced honrs fled only too swiftly for them, they dragged their slow courEe, weighted with anxiety and care, for the pale woman atRiver House. And doring the afternoon an inicident most painful and alarming to Alice Lee occurred there. She was descending her stair-case to the kitchen to inquire of Dorothy if Dtmdas had left any orders for his meals, andlat what time he would be likely to return, whein her attention was caught by hearing a mains. voice talking below. She stopped and listened, and then went a step or two further down the stairs, and nearer to the kitchen door, when she dis tinctly heard the following words . "Ye'll be likely to ha' a wedding here soon, I'm told " . "I know naught about it then," answered Dorothy's voice, very tartly. "Oh, its a' the clack o' the country-side," continued the man's voice; * they say the Captain's ganning to wed Miss Wynford, of the Hall, and what a grand thing it is for him, with her great fortun.'" "I don't believe it," said Dorothy. " Weel, I can only tell ye what I saw as I cam' along here; and Captain and Miss Wynford were riding side-by-side down the lane, with their noses poked close together, as thine and mine might ha' been, Dorothy, thirty years ago." And the man laoughed. "It's a' stuff and nonsense." - "Weel, ye know best; bat if ever I saw a pair o' lovers, rm certain I saw them this day. Bat I'll he ganning to my work now, and if ye'll tell me what ye want done I'll set on at it." " " The man upon this went out of the other kitchen door, which opened into the yard of the house, and Dorothy followed him garumbling; and the unhappy:woman who had listened to his .words, crept hick up ,: ,the stairs to her.own,rnom,-with-her wrung ., heart pierced by a fresh wound. - . This, then, was how he occupied himself in the long hours he was away! Riding by the sidte of the girl who had already cost her such bitter pain LThis was how h~ showed his regret, his remorse, for her ruined life, .her wrecked.home ! Such thoughts as these darted like ery brands one ater the other Sthrough the heart of Alice Lee, as abe set and shirered and moaned in her~great anguish. and told. se all her love and a hoe were roa. ; c t to otherdaya; todao rd ah hadbeenh honored mistress.hi ppy homeo; ha an rememberoA fac e=ct handsomsm like'tbe other one- bet kindlylways, that ced to 7 woile when she drew near. S " It i bt retribution, she murmured r* with her white parched lips; "as I treated d him, Hugh has treated me-my sin has g fallen on my own head." g Long she sat there, remembering many thing ; the first time her eyes had fallen on Sthe face of Hugh Dunds ; how he used to come to her husband's home, and be wel Scomned there; and how gradually, very a slowly and gradually, an infatuation had growan pon her, whih had proaed her ruin. 3 g "Would th~at I had never seen him! Would to God I had never looked upon his face,` she cried, and covered her eyes with t her hands to shut oat the light; yet even as e she did so-- trange, wayward human heart -that face came back to her as she had i looked on it the night before, lying with the I white moon-beams shining down on it in t placid sleep ! (To be continued) I _ _ _ _ 