THE STORYTELLER. 'NUMBER ONE NORTH RAIN BOW." Br L.L. " Another duffer!" " Bank as ever was bottomed!" " Seventy-five feet hard delving and not a >nr!" colour The speakers were myself, the teller of this story, and my mate, Horn Treloar Me were sitting on a heap of earth and a ™** , a month s fruitless dreary labour. Thelast remark was Hanr£ , That makes, I think," continued he "as nearly as I can guess, about a dozen of the same species. And people have the cheek to call this a poor man's diggings!' "The prospectors -are on good gold.-' I "So are the publicans," retorts he. "and the speculators, and the storekeepers and apparently, everyliody but the poor raen onrselves, to wit. This place is evidemlv for capitalists. We're nearly 4 dead brokers'* as they say ont here. Let's harness up Eclipse and go over to old Yamnibar.- We may make a rise there. • It'6 undignitied. I allow, scratching amongst the leavings'of | other men and other years. Dangerous also; but that's nothing. And roanv a good | man has had to do the same before us.*' I t No life can equal that of a digger's if he be 4 on gold"—even moderately so. if-not, none so weary and heartbreaking. It's all very well to talk, as some street bred novelists do, of 44 hope following every stroke of the pick, making the heaviest toil ! as nought," and all that kind of thing. Bat, when one has been pick-stroking for months without seeing a colour: when one's boots are sticking together by suasion of string or greenhide, when every meal is eaten on grudged credit; when one works lute and early, wet and dry, and all in vain, then hope becomes of that description which j inaketh the heart rick—very 6ick indeed. Treloar was, in general, a regular Mark Tapley and Mtcawber rolled into one. But, for once, fate, so adverse, liad proved too much for even his serenely hopeful temper. He was on Anglo-Indian. Now he is as sistant commissioner at Bhurtporc, also a C.S.I., and when he reads this will recollect and perl taps sigh for the days when lie pos sessed a liyer and an appetite, and was penniless. Our turnout was rather a carious one. The season was dry, and, toed being scarce, Treloar had concluded that at such a time a bullock would be better able to eke out a living than a horse. Therefore a working bullock drew our tilted cart about the country. 44 Yon Bee, my boy," said Treloar when de riding on the purchase,44 an ox is a beggar that always seems to have something to chew. Turn a horse out where there's no grass, and he'll probably go to the denoe before morn ing; But your ox, now, after a good look around, seeing he's struck a barren patch, '11 draw on his reserves, bring up something from somewhere, and start chewing away like one o'clock. That comforts his owner. I vote for the ox. He may be slow, hut he generally appears to have enough in his stomach to keep his jaws going. And, in a dry time, that is a distinct advantage." ■ So Eclipse was bought, I merely stipulat ing that Treloar should always drive. I have an idea that, after a while, as the old44 worker "sauntered along, regarding the perspiring Harry, and his exhortations and exclamations, often in Hindustani, with a mild stare of snrprise as he slowly stooiied for a dry tussock, or readied aloft for an over hanging branch, the latter somewhat re pented him of bis experiment, hut ue never said so. And, to do bun justice, Eclipse was not a baa " ox "; and when'!® could get nothing better, justified llar28 expectations by Beeming able to chew stones. Bat hiB motto was decidedly festitia IetUe, Yamnibar,44 Old Yamnibar," at last Be hind os, on Hie for inland river, we had left a busyscene of activity. Harrying crowda ot men. Hie whirr of a Hionsand wtn<llas^, U'e swhrn of countless cradles, and the ^eless pounding bynjgbt and by day of the battery stamps. Andyiosr'^hat a contrast. . A wide, itgdaees valley, covered witu grave-like which grassjgej rankly; witbljslned buildings and rotting machinery, and.: here and there, P00'8 °' stagnant wnter, whilst the only thing sa thesweep Ofibe.wind that reached our ea waskdtetant rhythmical moaning cora>ng very sadly in that desolate place-the sound ing oftihesea on the rock-bound coast not far ^Msi^ns of life, as Bchpse ®pw and again, and taking a ruminouic wirvqy of the_ valley, drew as oy degrees down the sloping hills, were the bariings of a squad W-.ni^yc S^tPi»niona tlyjug heav ily towards „ What a dismal hole 1" I mattered, as the ox," spying some gresn rashes, bolted at to.p speed—about a mile an hour—towards them. " Bet's try and find a golden one," luughed my mercurial friend. 44 Here we have a whole {gold-field to ourselves. Just think of |tl • 4 .Lordsof Hie fowl and the brute — Eclipse and KAJee and the bralgas. Take the olachap out of Hie gharri, and we'll pitch our fmmpr _ I ought to have spoken of Kdlec long ago. Indeed, when one/comes to'think of it, i ought to.-have called this stoiy after her. Bixtmaxi to SO ungrateful Animal—worse than mostdMS. t NoOhtw tiie great deerhound With the faithful -eyes, who might hare stepped out of. one of Landseer's pictures, waaforgotten—far from it But for her we ehoaldpossibly.iiow. bothof us, he bundles nf drv bones, with all sorts of underground L.,li doer making merry amongst them. —»i.f, according to her merits, to hold ' 'ft. ntid DlilU «»<■»" - She ought, according to na f _ pride of place here. Hut she was quiet and unobtrusive as she was faithful and affec tionate, whereas Eclipse was nothing of the \- —iv a noisy blusterer, thinking of no "" **" «'■><!tie an iionaw, , laud, only a noisy blusterer, one but himself. Therefore, as happens so often with* us, has he stolen a march on a failing memory for prior recognition. ]}„t tbe "os " is grass, and Kulee still lives in the pat Eastern Empire, and Jias two servants "non her. 0 Dea eerie! \- - *»iUng?i «f large that his belly was toll, the worUl att lnW- Bti|] bur„ing, and could I found t'1? l0" ■■ in a fme phrenzy rolling, secTreloarseye ye|)r8affprwards I ns lie pioneer " How the Night rend in ^ie y.^nibar," and thought it Falls on passable- . but pleasant work, this it.waVnnt old workings. It was also CTOidng about old workings, it was aiso dangerous. Many were the close shaves „.jadof being buried, sometimes alive, at others llattened out. The soil, for the first twenty or thirty feet, «=nf a loose friable description. Thence "•-•I'l" faat t»na very we linn of a loose lriaoie ...... to" the bottom, averaging eigiity feet. was "standing ground," i.e., needed no timber ing. hut, i" "ia,lv cases, the slabbing from the upper parts had rotted away and fallen down, followed by big masses of earth,which blocked up the entrance to the drives where our work lay- . b f c]enring out and Often after ia l eaiyjo ^ ^ Often an« « „ . heaving-up mullock, wuter, and slabs, ul the time in imminent peril of a " fall from some part of the shaft, would we dis cover, on exploring the drives, that they were simply groves of props—not a natural sup port left standing. .Such n network of holes and burrows as oomnaiw {f trt nothing networK mi —*t, ,v.— (he place was! 1. can compare d ^to nothing the place who . * hut a llrobdignagian rabbit- warren. The flat had been undermined,claim break ing into claim, until the wonder was that the whole top crust didn't cave in. ]n some places this had happened, and one looked down into a dismal chaos of soil, j rotten timber, and surface wafer. , As I have remarked, it was risky work this j hunting for the few solitary grains amongst the rotten treasure-husks left by others,; especially without a local knowledge of the! past which would have been so invaluable to ! us. hut there came to be, nevertheless, a sort of dreary fascination in it We had heard that, on this same field, years after its total abandonment a two hun dred ounce nugget had been found by a solitary fossicker in a pillar left in an old C'Very often, I believe, did the picture of that big lump rise before us as we crawled and twisted and wriggled about like & pair of great subterranean yellow eels, not knowing the moment a few odd tons of earth might: fall and bury us. One day an incident rather out of the i common befell. Lowering Treloarcautiously down an old shaft to, as usual, make a i preliminary survey, I presently heard a splash and a cry of " Heave-up !" Up he j came, a regular Luoeoon, in the close em braces of a thumping, lively carpet snake, j whose hogging ground he had intruded: upon. , | He had, by luck, got a firm grip of the; reptile round the neck, and was not bitten, j lie was, however, badly scared. _ _ I Doubtfully he listened as, while releasing him from the coils, I assured him that the j tiling was perfectly harmless. IVas I quite certain on this point? he wished to know. Of course I was ; and I quoted all the authorities I could think of. Then, before despatching it, would I let it bite me? As an ardent ophiologist, he took the utmost interest in suen a fact, and would1 like to become as confident as myself of it. but I pointed out earnestly that this.was simply trifling, and that we had no time just now for such. Practical demonstration is a { very capital thing in many cases. But ver j ion semper riret, and our friend of the ] curiously patterned skin might not be always\ innocuous. j V'e took three ounces out of a pillar in ciiake Shaft. That night, on returning to I our camp, we found an old man there. He was the first person we had seen for a — moi person we nan seen ror a month; and so were inclined to he cordial. There was nothing particularly remarkable about the new-comer, except that he had a habit of closely shutting one eye as he looked at von. 1 have called him old because his hair was grey; but lie was still a very powerful man, i and likely to prove a tough one at close. quarters. : n ,.! "Come and have some supper, mate,"said Treloar. , ; I "Call me Hrumniv, an* keep yer dorg ; replied the other, as ne poured outa pannikin j of tea. " 1 don't fancy a big beaat like you a-1 breathiiT inter the back o' a feller's nee*.". | And, indeed, lvalee's attentions were marked. She sniffed around and around the I new-comer, bristled all her hair UP, and earned on a monologue which sounaed un-i pleasant. _ j he resumed in answer to a question,J WTielo&rsent; Kalee to her kenneL " I WM: never on this here field before. Down about ■ the Lacnlan's my towri. Everybody theer snows Brummy. I'm goin* - to do a Wt O i ossicIcul1 now I got this far. A»nt udMnk-i a ointerferin' wi' you, Surfiss U pay dart-* i??11 the old tailings and puddlers. ■ "own below's too risky in a rotten abop like aw'< ■ieav<» titat game to the young 'uqs. An fwithaslv *»— • - a NesJ«."luwaion8theflat ) 8PelI afte? ^ere 4™® * 6molt® "idstds, he "?w. rt of manner kia furtive; e Position of ^ try discover :eady prospected w ™' we had no m?nvte fqr UH also pointing ,him « yell . At hfe j^re we ^ °ut moat of them from d Pj^^ as we finished, 1 a«d mtiin„ L -hlB °ld tin dlsh bang ouMer, lng gainst.the pick onhhi ntly, remarked »»». .'J ® "gcroiiB old nMul, Moreover. """ d' ^ow for t\? ^Phod,"" I fed-^B Kiiee i18 his fi Jt • ^ilear him toll4lB tii he Yamtobw? m I blR eliaft overv-m!aC e88ly 11 wehadtried that horse-whim—mid e'Ji *^5^ * momentary cLvtr> Zt ^ross his C '• piyl W new atiL tomorrow -.gnqming. JMj" l MiMKda ^ ie has mci dear fellow, your ^JMh. SUBpiciOUB. SrWSSSsa^* er« % Comnn»;„„ , ... i own way, which, except in such matters as that of the snakc-tcst, lie generally did ; and next morn ing saw us fixing our windlass at the summit of the big heap of mullock which towered above its IcIIowb. Wc seldom got anything in such. They had mostly been worked by rich companies, and every ounce of wash-dirt removed. .lafce, hlthe time we have re moved sufficient of the debris from the I lrottom of the shaft—too late to do more that1 night 11 As we walked over to our camp, we caught« a glimpse of " Brumtny " following us. I " He's been watching," said Treloar. ( " Nonsense!" I replied impatiently, " You're becoming a'monomaniac." , That evening onr neighbour came over to our fire} and in consequence Kalee, in low threatening communion with herself, had to be put upon the chain. " Goin' to try the big un?" he asked pre sently. " Yes," said Horry ; " there may he some-1 thing there. One can never tell." | "Not much danger !". lie blurted out, i " The coves as worked Number One Nortli Rainbow weren't the chaps to leave much behind 'em. Leastways "—he quickly added, seeine his mistake, " so I've lieerd say." Treloar gave me a look which meant " How now 1" hut neither of us took further notice. " I've heard tell, too," he continued, " as that claim's liaiinted." " Oh!" said Treloar, airily, and as if in constant association with them, " we don't mind ghosts. It's the living, not the dead,! that force us betimes to keep a sharp look-| out." if anybody was to offer me a aft, up thousand poun' to go down that 'ere shaft, where you got your win'less rigged, an' up them drives, I wouldn't do it." " I was down it to-day," I remarked "and didn't notice anything out of the common." "Mebbe not, meblie not—yet," said he. "But the yarns I've listened to—on the Lachlan, over yonder—consuming that 'ere Rainliow claim 'd make your 'air stick up stiff." During the night, feeling restless and unable to sleep, I got up and went outside. The weather was very hot, and, for some time, I sat and listened to the faint wash of the sea, longing for a plunge in its cool depths. Suddenly, in the great expanse of gloom, my eyes caught the glimmer of a light. As nearly as I could guess, it was moving slowly towards the shaft we were to descend in the morning. * " There goes your aged friend,"said a voice at my shoulder which made meBtart with the unexpectedness of it "loo hot and close to Bleep,"explained Treloar. "Come out for a breath of air." " Let's shepherd the old chap, and see what his little game is. Bring the lantern. Needn't show a light We know the way well enough. I expect he's after ghosts." As, breathless, we arrived at our windlass, Treloar gave a grunt of disappointment on seeing that everything was exactly as we bad left it—rope coiled neatly round the barrel green-hide bucket hanging over the mouth. " It mnst have been a Jack o' lantern," said he; "or perhaps the old sinner's gone down some other shaft Yes, by Jingo! look there!" he exclaimed, pointingtto where, a couple of hundred of yards distant, a Hash of light was visible for a moment "He's gone down the Snake Shaft! Those ladders are as rotten as pears ; and he'll break his wicked old neck if he isn't careful. I wish liini joy of all he'll find there, even if he gets to the bottom safely. What came we out for to see? Let's make hack." It was my turn ; and when I got to the end of the hundred and odd feetof the" haanted" shaft, I lit the candle and entered a drive. So extensively had it been quarried, that I was only obliged to stoop siightly. Not a trace of earthen pillar here. A valuable pro perty this, and a clean-swept one. Travelling warily along, I suddenly stumbled overaridgc of mullock, into what was evidently another drive altogether. My course, so far, had been downwards. The new tunnel sloped slightly upwards. Evidently both claims had been driving for a "gutter. One of them liad got to the end of its tether before reaching it. The surface limits of "golden holes" are pretty strictly defined ; but roguery, as well as miscalcula tion, has been known to produce curious effects in adjoining claims. Not that just then I bothered myself with any such specu lations. 1 was on the look-out lor a lump of that rich water-worn conglomerate which had made Yamnibar, in the days of its youth, the talk of the world. Sitting down to rest a minute, the candlelight fell brightly on the shining steel of a pick. I had noticed how freshly the earth smelled, and wondered thereat The nick was fresh too. One could swear that it had not left its owner's grip five minutes. With out a doubt it had been used to remove the thin curtain Of earth between the rival .Looking more closely, fresh knee and foot prints were plentiful. What the deuce did it mean ? Crawling along the new. drive, which was mnch smaller than the Rainbow's, I at Jeneth emerged into a shaft that struck me As familiar. •? The " Snake," or I was a Dutchman I I knew it by the ladders, for one thing; for another, by a piece of timber at the entrance to the opposite drive—the one in which we hud made our tliree-onnce rise. \- J tried the range of the rude ladders. Not half so rotten as wc had taken them to be. AlfK), oovered with fresh earth left by recent Only fifty feet to the top, and up I went Bafely enough. Treloar was sitting, smoking, with his back towards me as I approached. I atartledhim finely wliwil spoke. «»This is the hole toe old man wants, he remarked, after .hearing my eton-. He knew he couldn't very well get down our tope and clhnb up it again. But he kne w that one of the *6nake' drives ran nearly Koneof these. I suspect he rmiBt once hhve been employed in one or other of the Claims. ^Either that or he e here before. You know we ve wme across plenty of traces of such. Cunning old dodger! But what can he be after? 1 ten vn» wtal - We'll both go down and try an ffi orihe drivS.SW leave Kalee on J6p to watch.. I'll bet you she U sing ou" I pretty aoon " wjhgg^hehsld the rope taut, I slipped c?m hod We chose the opposite drivejto the one I id explored, and moved in,■ -—--HeHO-t- ^fttu-Me-prcoci.iv, been here before us. See, there's keen a good-sized pillar taken out. Why, here's of the dirt left yet! And—good God 1" ddealy exclaimed, " What's this I" ' * 1 Knlslinrir mv some* "VEffiSwssas tuumd Ma*. ~ candle forward, I saw, lying at full length, a human skeleton. And yet it was not a com plete skeleton. Here and there rags and tatters of flesh, dry and hard as .leather, stuck to the frame. A pair of heavy boots, With the ankle bones protruding, lay de tached, and remnants of clothing were still visible, liut the head was what fixed our gaze, the first horror of the thinpfover. The fore part of the Bkull had been smashed completely in. Near by lay a small driving pick, thickly encrusted as with rust. " Neither rats, nor mice, nor snakes did that," whispered Treloar, pointing to the awful fracture. "Surely." I replied, with a shiver, "this can't be the thing old Brummy's searching for. No wonder he insisted on the place being haunted 1" " Not that poor valueless shell," answered my friend, who was now kneeling, "but this ! and this! and this!" holding up, as he spoke, three fine nuggets, whose dull gleam had caught his eye in the heap of loose drift ontvhich the skeleton partially lay. " Never!" I exclaimed. " lie never would have had the pluck to face back again if (hat is some of his work !" " If it is," replied Treloar, quickly springing to his feet, thereby bumping the roof with his j head, " we shall soon hear of it. back, man! Buck for your life! Hark! By G—d ! there's Kalecnow! Good dog, hold him!" as if it were possible for her to hear at that depth. Pushing and scrambling along, wc got to the entrance o£ the drive, where the muffled sounds resolved themselves in a furious hullaballoo of barks and curses. Then as we paused for a moment, swish, swish, down came the windlass- rope,Tailing all of a heap. Just as we were on the point of pushing ont, what feeble light there was at the bottom changed into total darkness, and, with a terrific smash, a heavy mass fell at our feet. Then silence, broken only by low groaus and hoarse, fierce growls. With trembling hands we relit our candles and saw more distinctly. Upon the rope coils lay " Brummy," quite! still. Squatted on his breast, the great! hound watched him narrowly—so narrowly | that her lolling red tongue nearly touched the face of the prostrate man. Blood oozed slowly from his mouth and ears. With reluctance the dog obeyed her master's call, and, apparently uninjured,; crouched in a corner, panting loudly, while we examined Brummy. " Habet," said Treloar, as we turned him over ; " back's broken. Sec here (producing a loaded revolver from a hip-pocket), the old man meant business. It's only guessing, she mind. But he probably thought we should at tempt to escape up the Snake Slmft,and would have shot us on the ladders like magpies. Well done, Goddess Kalee. You've proved yourself worthy of yonr name, for once, any how." With a good deal of trouble we got the rope through the drive into the Snake Shaft and. on to our windlass again. It had been cut clean off with a tomahawk. We hove the man and the dog up. But we let the other thing alone for a while. But the one we had thought dead was still alive, with a little life. As the cool air blew on his face he opened his eyes* It was all he could do. Black beady eyes, once sharp and piercing, now fast dulling with the deathffllm. And lie lay there ana watched me, staring fixedly. It was a bright sunshiny day, the birds were singing cheerily aliont us,and the wash of the sea was very faint. From the expression on his face I thought he was listening to it. Pre sently, Treloar returned from the camp with some brandy and poured a spoonful between the clenched teeth. The Bpirit revived him a little, and he spoke. He said, " Curse you !" More brandy, and be spoke again. "Is he there yet?" " He's there j et,"answered Tteloar. " How long ago was it?" " Ten year." " What did you kill him for?" More brandy; and then, as his eyes brightened, lie laughed, actually laughed up at us', saying, in a strong voice— " Whj', you fool, for the big lump o' coorse! A 'underd an' eighty ounces! Too big to share, I reckon. I'd a smashed a dozen men for it in them days, let alone a poor softy like Jim." " There must be thirty or forty ounces down there," I remarked. " Why didn't you take that, too ?" " Never you mind," he said. " I come back for it now. And if it hadn't been for that theer infernal dorg I'd ha' had it" "And how about us?" asked Treloar, as, obeying the look in his eyes, he gave liim another drink. The dying man smiled significantly, but Baid nothing. There was a long pause, during which Brummy shut his eyes, and breathed stertoronsly, whilst Kalee, draw ing herself- noiselessly along on her belly, came closer, and looked into his face, but with no anger in her gaze now. "There's one thing I can't understand;" Baid Treloar, in a low voice; " and that is how he contrived to get up this shaft again with the gold." Quietly as he spoke, Brummy heard him, and muttered— " Would ye like to know !" " No, no!" exclaimed Treloar, earnestly. " We have wasted far too much precious time already in vain talk. Can we do any thing to make your mind easier? You know you can't last much longer. In God's name try and prepare yourself to meet Him 1" Very slowly came the reply, in short gasps. "I'm easy enough. If I could choke tne pair o' ye by winkin', I'd do it. I'm gittin' cold a'ready. Bnt I'm cnrsin' ye to mysen all the time. If I kin git hack, I'll haiint ye." Another long sileooe, and then he mur mured, " Take that dorg away, Jim, or I'll put the pick into yer 1 There, you got it now, ole man I Ah, would yer f Then the nicker ing light in the eyes wiled altogether; and, I take it, a very defiant, murderous old soul went forth to meet its Maker. Kalee, smelling at . the body, sat upon her haunches and wailed loudly and- dismally after the manner of her kind, answered from the fiat by Eclipse, marvelling at tbe disturb ance of bis friend, with sonorous bcllow in|'h'i8 w... he requiem of him as he passed to join the otiter shades of Yamnibar. Slain by a dog and the cunningof hiB own hand. As for the gold that " Jim " had Iain by so quietly, and watched so patiently through the long years, we never got any of it. The three nuggets figured in the police oourt inquiry, with other things, under .the title of "Exhibit A." That was the last glimpse wc had of them. Departmental )Wd-1pr>| enwrapped them so closely that rib 'amount of "solicitation could render them visible again—to us. Hievatos-wi^aahfl"B"PK)glrar pin than to draw " treasure trove " from the coffers of a Treasury—colonial or otherwise. To thiB day-they are possibly accumulating dust,pigeon-holed with the depositions in the case, nut I doubt & X doubt it, 