WATCHING THE GHOST DANCE. . A correspondent of the Philadelphia Press describes how recently he witnessed a ghost danco among tho Sioux near Wounded Kneo Creek. It waB daybreak when tho correspon- dent and two or three companions, among them a half breed, namod Half Eyes, reached a point overlooking the camp of the fanatics.. a bird's eve view. As near as Half Eyes could estimate 182 bucks and squaws wero in tlio dance. A big tree stood m the middle of the circle formed by Indians. Squatted on tho ground within a radius of 60 yards were 400 other Indians, who were chanting with tho dancers. Many of tlio reds wore in war paint. Somo of them wore naked to their hips, and across their big muscular broasts wero streaks of red and yellow paint. Beads tinkled from tboir porcupine-fringed legs, and oaglc feathers hung from tbo crown of (heir black glossy heads. Some of tlio dancers were robed iu white cotton cloth, which was pinned at tho. breast and drawn over the head in the form of a hood. Five medicine men sat on the .ground outside the circle. They wero old men with wrinkled, skinny faces, and as the oliant rose and fell according to tho vigor of the drumming, they waved medicino sticks above tlioir heads. Theso sticks wore painted green, with handles fashioned aftor the shape of snakes. . A GHOSTLY SCENE. The dancers held ono another's hands and moved slowly round tho tree. Most of tlio time it looked as though thoir ragged moccasins did not leave the ground, and the only bleu of dauoing tlio spectators could gain from tlio motion of tho fanatics was tho weary bending of the knees. Round nnd round tlio dancers wont, with their eyes closed and their heads bent towards tho ground. Tho oliant was incessant and monotonous. " I seo my father ; I see my mother ; 1 see my brother ; I see Iny sister," was Half Eyes' translation of the clmnt as the squaws aud warriors moved laboriously about the tree. The spcctaclo was as ghostly as it could be. It showed the Sioux to be insanely religious. Half Eyes said that tho daneo which the spectators wore then witnessing had beon going on all night. indian seers. Stretched upon the ground close to the trco were two warriors and ono sqnaw. They wero in a fit which was of a cataleptic nature. Their faces were turned to tho sky and their hands olutchod tlio yellow grass. The dancers paid no attention to them. Thoir oyes wero closed. Of n sudden ono of tho warriors on tho ground leaped to his feet and exclaimed " I have suon the great father ; but .lie will not talk to mo beoauso I stink." Then tho other wnrrior got up and cried, " I have seen tlio great father ; hut he will not talk to mo. I have no ponies." The squaw was the last to get lip on her feet. She was a young woman with bells on her blanket, and a red ochre streak marked tho linewhero her raven black hair was parted. In a shrill voice sho cried out : " I havo seen the erout father ; he sent an oaglc whioh pickod me up and carried me to a far away mountain. Tha great father told mo that the whites would be driven from the country ; that tha Indians would rulo the land and tho bulfalo and deer' would return." a ghastly performance. The Indians now danced with great vigor, and their ories wore louder and more vehement, but they nover opoued thoir eyes. Round and round they danced, somo of thein so fatigued from their exertions that they pitohed forward on their faces on the grass. Tho strain was so great on tho others that their faces were dis torted with pain, hut thero was no stop for food, drink, or rest. 