WESLEYANg ,CHJHUCH, 9HORSHAM. ANNIVERSAR y CELEBRATION. On Wednesday diening the anniver rary celebirations. in connection with the Horsham rsWesleyan Church were broul ht to - close by a tea and public mietirn in the churi-ch wier there was a larce attendance. Tire tables were sumptuously ladeli and visitors' wants usere'attended t. 1j' MtIesdairres Watts, Billinigham, Abbott, Browne, Down, Russell and Gangel; wihile tire bache mors' table was superintenrled by Mr. G Browne, ivho wis also fortunate in getting the cor eted ring iii a piece of tIre bachelors cake. Several of the l-dies 'wsho h-ad taken a lively interest in prev'ious teal meetings vwere not to be seen and ona'enquiry it appeared that they were now -resting on their oars after doing their share of the ivork and were initiating the younger mem bers of the congregation into the mys teres of making tea meetings "go." The choir was under the able leader shipof Mr.-Bartlett, Miss Spry presid; ing at the organ. Mr. T. K. Dow, principal of Longerenong Agricultural College, oc cupied the chair arid expressed his pleasure at being prcsent on such an occdsion. fHl was thankful to the people of.the church for inviting him to-enjoy-their social -gathering; hie was glad to see such a .large number of people whIo were all bent upon haying a "good time"; Ie !ilwi-ys likedto. be about when a "cood time" was on. He called on Mr. TY. F. Osbor n to read the trea surer's financial statement, whic was as follows: C~su STATEMIEST FOiL AvvIrERSuIAR ISSI. -Cr.-alay, 1800 :,To blanrce in bink, £3 Oc 03; proceeds last anniversary, ±15 ISs Id; seat rents, qjuarter irdiig June, £- 4s 44; seat rents, quarter ending September, £1 10s; seat rents, quarter ending Deceri her, £3 12s Gd; seit rents, quarter euding 3iarci, 1801, £4 17s GC; total, £35 Ss 24. l)r.-13y church cleanirigi £1 is; ras ac count, £7 7a Cd; ounrdry accounts, as per vorchers. £8 Co Cd; cashi bralarice in bank, £7 Cu lid; total, £34 Ss 21. FisAsciA. STATEIETr. - Cr. -Present value church building, £323; present value church land, £124 17s;seats and fittings, £100; feacing, £13; cash in bank, £7 CO lil; total, £372 Csl ld. Dr.-Byam iiiount due Weslcyari Loan Fund, £13; balande, £337 Gs lid; total, £372 is lid. Mr. Dow said lie did not believe in a chairrarin raking speeches. In the treasurer's report tire items were not large, but his experience of churches was thirrt they could not get on without a debt. If there was none on this one there ought to be nrudif there was one lie strongly recormiended them to make it bigger by building a larger-. church. They wanted a good big3debt to bring men out. From Iris bwn experience lie never worked so' hlartd in Iris life as he had done sincce the land boom. One time hIe did not owe any man anything irnd he was beginning to sleep, but hIe got into a syndicate and hIe -had been working ever since. It was just tire same in a church. If they got aboomi on and got a bigger church they would use all their- means nlnd get thlrt debt removed. £15 was a, mere nothing to work forsrnd irobody could work hard for thitt. TIey all liked preaching on Sundays, but they did not like preaching at te-i-meetings, so he Iroped the rev, gentlemen on the platform would not extend their speechres. People came to social meetings to have a "good time" and he thought it was well for clergymen to know this, bearuse they weere apt to give' very.. valuasble; and leal-ned discourses, thinking they were supply ing a dernand; but his opinion was tlhat the demand did not exist. He did not think on the present occasion it wnis necessairy for hliri to make that riemnrk for the edification of tire rev. genteleen pre-ent, for hie Ibelieverl tire people here were rsbreast of tire times, for one 'of- tire rev. gentlemern was down on tire programnme for a song. By introducing music from the clergy hIe corrsideredr to be an ocassion for short speeches arid tire means of hay irig socirsl enjoyment. - Mr. Alfred Watts s-said tir it at tire last trustee 'meetinr tire date for tire tea reeting was fired a monts later than tins; but, acting on tIre advice of tIre Rev. R.T Brown, they altered tIre date' to thu prieserit in ordei to irmake it a dual dfl irs-nn airsiver sary . and 'welcome i to thre .Rev. Mr. Williams-and hIe lrnrl to wish that gentleman -rd hris wife a hearty xelcome to their circuit. le sincerely Iroperd that-tire members of tire 'airolus congruegations'wouldl do all they could to assist linr They should remeiber that not only tie miniister, but each one hIrd a duty to perform. .fle hoped there would be' a friendly intercourse betneen their- ip-astorand -sli tile othrer ministers at* whose pieserice oni tire platform ire exspressedl great satis faction. i Rev.: F. 'H. Wrilliarnis sid hie was irucLh obliged for thu cli sirmian telling him hIe was not to be oer Iris feet long. Whilst sittiin there looking back on tire friends w'itliiud aiid coe-dbye to lim n rhis old circuit, tire wry he had been received last week tire way they Irair cot along on Sund-y, and enjoyed thiemselves -it? thre tea -meting that liv, Ire heg-n tol thinIk ie was just: as hum-ran as other people, for when learn ing his dear friends in tire old circuit re thouliht there ner r couldibe frienids lik tem n itihl Wiorld, '1insh :ftei- hrar-' ung received such a velcorrne, -and being tre-ted so liandsomely- hie felt quite nt odiroe . He vould not like Iris friends iin Wnildmilconig to know how ire felt that nigrt. He hoped they would continue to have 'tire conviction arid rsiusranee thiit they -ir-woild have tire enodwrill of all while they laboreil to cetlher. ieo had buen trying to mrke up his miind as to ht-list lines hIe worould go on that night, and hie confessed that Ihefelt ai little mixed when one of tire brethren' told. him to go on certain linisjarnd 'thee tIre chrairmani said ire wirsioit~tir go on them. He was very pleased tb&see; that iris brotirer minis ters Irad come to bid him wvelcorrie and ishlr him success in his work. .1-To felt cjirite'elevited about it, for' ire diii riot reirienmber-'li r ving rbeen in a iieeting before wlrere so ninny ministers of the different denominitions were present; he felt it to he a irrotirerly spirit that ought to be ;rppreciartel, rnd hie courlM rIssure tltemr that hIe did ripplreciarte it. He also Iroperi that the goad feeling would deepen and increase as years werit oer, arid that when tIre time ucite to puit they would find therriselves better friends. He did not think they ought to fret rbout ttie ,hifiBrent sections of tire clrurcir. When they carre to think of tIre various de nominations which representeri tire differ-ent leading ideas in connection witir tireologicrl truth or teaching, each one of them ought tsr feel proud and satisfied in the one in whichr he wais plrced, and wel himself to it tlirrugir thick and thin. He did nrot believe in those people who said they Iloved any church where the Word was preached. He believed in every man loving his own church best. He hoped that all belonging to this church would he workers, and if they all wanted to work they would find something to do. There was enough room for all, and when they came into the church they ought to feel that theirs was some p-rt in it. In connection with church work there ought to be a spirit of harmony, which he trusted would be maintained. The choir sang " How beauteous are thy feet," which was followed by a song, " Rest," by the Rev. A. Mitchell. Rev. Thomas Gray said it gave him great pleasure to be present on the celebration of another anniversary, and at the same time to accord on behalf of the friends over the way-the Presby terians-a hearty welcome to Mr. and Mrs. Williams in coming into their midst. They had been cautioned by the chairman against preaching to the congregation that night, and he would not do that, but there was one loop hole in his remarks which he would take advantago of. He had said nothiig about preaching to the ministers. So if he said a word or two to them that would be applicable to all irho were engaged in the Lord's work, it .would not come amiss. He-was very glad to make tlieacquaintance of Mr. Williams, thoughl slight, and if impressions went for anything it augured well for a happy time together. He sincerely reciprocated the feeling of Mr. Williams that tlhat friendsliip would deepen between hini and his fellow ministers of the towin. He trustedl they would all be :ble to work to each other's hands, for each of them had work to do whlich required co operation in the carrying out, by which means they would be able to reach many who had hitherto not been reached by tile congregations of the town. He thought that any of them who had been alittle while in olsorham must feel constrained to recognise the fact that a hirge proportion of the populition-was non-church going and a Ilrge proportion of them wans to be found at the heads of families. He did not know whether Mr. Williams would be able to suggest some means by which they might be able to stir up more than hlcd hitherto been the - ease. Waiet ever dilliculties there might be in the way they should recognise that there was woi-k before them, using their hearts as well as their hands and bringing their love to bear upon it, and then all would find that the work that perhaps looked difficult-ahnost more than they could accomplish became gradually easier inld easier until it was an accomplished fact, doing it to the best of their ability. They should use the very highest of their powers to the carrying out of their work. If they made " try, try, try again" their motto they would find that perseve-ance overcame dinliculties. He trusted that all the ministers would now lay it to heart that wlht they did to the best of their ability, perseveringly, let it be theirs to do it, realisimig how little they could do in their own strength. Fidelity was what was asked of them in taking up fresh work for the Master, anid lie trusted that it would be carried out during the year now eiitered upon. The choir sang. n i aitliem "The Heavenly walk,' and Miss: Robins rendered very feelingly the solo " Pass under thie rod." os'. W. Clemens (Bible Christian) said lie was very glad to have the privilege of showing liis sympathy to them in connection with their church work and of expressing a hearty wel come on behalf of the church ihe * iepre sented ind himself personally to the Rev. M.: Williams nd (his wife. He hiadno objection to the vramous branches of the Christian church as they existed especially if ill loved COhiiist the inoie anid lid noure for their Mlaster. How ever, lie thought that notwitistanding tlmedivisions in church work tlieyiiiglit all nicet together aind shake hands. They ought to be iible to do it on an occasion like the preseit when thoy met to celebrate not oisly the anniver sary of the church but to extend a heIarty greeting to a Cliristiani mainister and new co-operator in the Chiristian cause in which they stood identified. Iewns gladthat the Rev. Mr: Willionms was so favorably inipressed with 1Tor simanuind the people to whom lie had to admimnister. Rteform was the order of the day siad ministers of religioms insd memmibers of Clristian churches re quired to give all deligence and earl to the great woi'k to which they weie called,- nl to work successfully they wanted to Iceilise the impoitance of theiremissiooi. 1R man, became roused to the hlim'lest enthusiasm of ilis nature if ledid niot see and coinpre hend his waiLk. It was the inspira tion of high purpose thnit set the soul on fire and strengthened the arm for mighty deeds, and they wanited the enrniest enthusiasmlm in connection with tlieii cliuricl work and their woik for God. If they wain ted :to attains the true entlmu siasm of Christi ii devotion they Inmist find it iii tmieindividual consecr-tiomi to Christ whlich sprang from -s personal sense of the preciousness of die cioss of christ. ThRtTev. A. Mitchcll, who vas ac companied in dll his songs by Miss Graha-s, sang "Thme esper hlynm." Mlissi Johnstono also favored with "Low.sat;thy feet." Res C. II Fisclmer(Lutlieran Clhurlcl) sauid lie would never fom-get that iioment when the pievious miiiister of this cliurcil, ois the opening of his (Luthei-an) churcli a year- ago, stretlci forth his right h-nd of fellowship to him. It was ismmeed an act of brotlierly love and spiritual unionism in which lie fully grieed. Though some diflerences existed betweeis the various denominia tions lie did not see any meason why they should isot go hand in hand imnd show that heavenly love and peace which our Lord Jesus Christ gave to His disciples when He appeared unto theiim after His resu-rection. Having to enter into hlaens-s thnougli one and the samie looi, and folluwiig one and the sanie Shieplierdl, they should not (luirrel on the way with onie another, but they ought to los-e and help one another by all means. Tliere would Ibe no los-e to Christ if thieie was no love to his disciples. There was no union witli Christ if there was no union between His people. He did not mean to sny that they all ought to have the sammie opinions, the sanie ceremonies, iand go to the same cliuricel, but lie thought that as they had only one Fathiie, one Soin who died for them, anid one Holy Ghost who sanctified them, they ought to beof one heart and one soul. He gave to Mi. and Mrs. Williams a hearty sel conie to Horslhamii, amid cong-ratulated the people of the church on their anni versary, wishing them God's richest blessing and every success in their work. Another anthem was sung by the choir, followed hy a song from Mr. C. Rennison, accompanied by Miss McLean, " What shall I render unto the Lord I" Captain Jago (Salvation Army) said he was very glad that the secretary was such a wise man when lie dropped a note .to him to say a few words, which were uiiderlined. He would shake him by the hand for that.' He had never made a speech in his life, and lie would not try that night, but as they had had a little bit of Presby terian, Wcsleyan, Bible' Christian and German, it was only.. right that they should have a little Salvation Army. He was glad to say to thenm thlt the S-lv1ation Army accorded to M.I and MIs W. il liams a hearty welcome to Horshiam. - M'I1: Sinclair mov ed a Rotc of thiuinks to the chairinsi,, infouming him thait they were' thikini abouit buiilding a new chuich, and after thend plans were prepared they would give Inim and others an opportunity of "iving an I.O.U. It could go into double or treble figures; one gentleman had given treble figures He tlhanlked the speakers for the coirilil wielcome they had given their pastor, and regretted that Revs. J. Huglhes Jones (Bauptist) and R. A. Whyte (Angelicn) were not present; from whom .upologies had been received. -Mr. Cohoe seconded the uiotion, wh ich wis car ried' unainiionsly.-Mi. H. F. W. Kruger moved and Mi. G. Rl. Sims seconded'a vote of th-nk 'to the ladies and. to tthe choir and especially outside assistance ireceived from the Misses GIrdiajm, Treston and Middleton, 'and Messrs. Middletin, King, Gaiiley, Gr- shimn Rciinisoni and Rev. A. Mitchell. Thie initeresting and successful anni versary nmeetini" wus dlos dd with theli henedictioii, after which ' "coffee supper" was partk-ein of. 