GENERAL NEWS. Last Saturday night the light engine from Fremantle came in contact with a bullock which was grazing on the line ne- ar he Subiaco crossing.The result was that the animal was knocked down and, though not fatally injured, it,had to be removed from the rail's. The well-known racehorse War Cry, by Slanderer-Waitress, who has scored so many victorie's on tbe Perth coarse as well as on the provincial track's,is now to be seen in harness dragging one of the city busse's. The English mail's per Oceana arrived at the General Post Office last night and were delivered early this morning. The mai's from the Eastern colonie's per Orizaba were despatched from Albany by special train- the first under the new arrangement between the railway comp- any and the Government for this service— at 6:25 p.m. yesterday, and arrived at Perth by 1:55 down train from Beverley today. The ball organised by the M.R.V. Speci- al Prize Committee advertised to take pl- ace on race night,Wednesday next, in the Perth Town Hall, promise's to be a succ-. essThe committee are sparing no expe- nse give the public a treat on the occas-. ion Messrs. Mason and Clough will prov- ided music The mail from London per Ocean's,which reached Perth this morning,brought the intelligence that Sir Frederick Weld had decided upon paying a short visit to Singapore leaving Marseilles on Feb 8. by the M.M. steamet Melbourne. It is added that it is quite on the cards that Sir Frederick may extend his journey to Aus- tralia either by a British-India steamer to Queensland or direct to Fremantle by one of Bethell's Line of steamew. That so old and good a friend of Western & Australia would be met with a hearty reception on arrival there is very little room to doubt. He would at the same time see that his prediction, 'At last she moves!' fairly well realised and tbe colony in the posse- sion of the boon which he, so earnestly hoped would speedily be given her-Self- government. Nearly two decade's have passed since Sir Frederick left these sh- re's but neither time nor distance' can he said to have lessened the interest he evi- nced in us from his first assumption of the Gfovern ment in 1869. On Change this morning Central's were offered at 20s. and Central Extended at Is. 8d. without buyer's. For Fraser's 8s. was offered with seller's at 8s.8d.,Fraser's So- uth (pro) being offered at 12s.without bu-, yer's contributing being offered at 11s.wi- th buyer's at 8s.For Hope's Hill (pro) 10d. was offered, with -seller's at Is. 3d., Is. 9d. being offered for contributing with seller's at 2s. 3d. For Parker's (con) 43. 6d. was offered without seller's,' promoter's being offered at 10s. without buyer's. An employee on the Midland Railway named Murtha was unfortunately killed on Friday last.The deceased it appear's, was endeavouring to stop some timber truck's close to the platform,when he slipped and, falling under the wheel's was, crushed to death on the spot. At the Fremantle Police Court, this morning, before Me srs. R. Fairbairn, R.M., and E. Gibbons, J.P., John Banks,charg- ed with drunkenness,was fined 5s, Jame's Brown, who made his first appearance on a similar charge, was cautioned and dismi ssed. It will be observed, from our business column's today,that Mr.J.Gallop's exten- sive and valuable property 'Dalkeith' is offered for sale by tender. The garden is so well known, and has acquired such an extensive imputation for produce of the v- ery best quality,that it is scarcely necess- ary to enlarge upon its merits. Mr. Gallop will give every facility to intending ten derer's to inspect the garden. Capt. Irvine, of the steamer Albany, has accepted the appointment of pilot, at Al- bany, vice Pilot Thompson,who was acci- dentally killed a few days ago. Owing to a typographical error, the name of Mr. Wearne was given as one of the judge's of the Athletic Sport's at Fre- mantle on St. Patricks Day,.instead of Mr. S. Weaver. On Friday evening a private telegram was received in Perth to the effect that three prospector's mate's had arrived in Geraldton from the eastward with a large qnantity of alluvial gold and report good prospect's of a payable goldfield. Tomorrow (Tuesday)the Full Court will sit at 10 :30 a.m. The following is the list of case's :- George Gurney,applicant,and James Kelly,respondent,appeal against the decision of the Police Magistrate,Perth. The West Australian .Land Company (Ltd.), appeallant,and John Forrest, re- spondent: appeal against the order of the 17th November;1890,and the judgement there-on. William Brown Piiggen, appel- lant, and Edmund Thomas Henry Barrett Lennard : appeal against so much of the judgement dated 3rd December, 1890,as refer's to cost's. In Bankruptcy.— In re Bobert Charles Plant, a bankrupt, appeal against the order of the Registration Bank ruptcy,dated on the I7tb November,1890 William Sandover and Cecil Henry Ham- mond,official liquidator's of the Gascoyne Mercantile Company (Ltd.),plaintiffs, and James E. Townsend, defendant : motion to set aside the finding's of the Referee and for a rehearing. The following person's have booked pas- sage's from London to Albany : — Per Oratava, Miss Ferguson,- Mies Jameson, Miss Cummins, Mr. G. Thwaites and Messrs. Neville (2) ; per Pairamatta, Mr. It. H. Goodwin. An accident happened to Henderson, the rider of First 'King, on the Perth course tbis morning; which at first caused con- siderable alarm on the part of those witnessing it from the Grand Stand en- closure. It appears the old grey did not take kindly to the hurdle's erected for next Wednesday's Steeplechase, they being higher than formerly, consequently he went round instead of going over them. This piece of bad form necessitated Henderson bringing his horse back to the stick's, which, after a little pressure, he tried to clear. But, to the astonishment of everyone, the honest old grey lost his leg's and came down with a terrific crash, just clear of the timber, otherwise the consequence's might have proved serio- us for both horse and jockey.Happily,how- ever,neither was injured, and beyond a few bruise-s oa the face Henderson escaped unhurt, while First King got off without a scratch. We draw attention to the advertisement appearing in another column in which the Work's Department offer bonuse''s for the sinking of three shaft's to a depth of 500 feet on the Yilgarn Field. We are in a positio to state that this advertisement will very likely be modified,and compani- e's will be allowed to utilise existing shaf- t's as a commencement. On our fourth page will be found a quan- tity of mining and other new's. At Trinity Congregational Church, this afternoon. Mr. R. J. Gooch, of Yarra Yarra Station, Murchison, was united in the bond's of matriimony with Miss Alice Bir- ch eldest daughter of the late Mr Somers Birch, of this city. The bride who was given away by her uncle, Mr. F. R. Stirl- ing was attended by her cousin, Miss F. Stirling, the bridegroom being accompan- ied by Mr. T.H. Cooper, of the Survey Department,who acted as best man. Sho- rtly after the ceremony Mr and Mrs. Goochi drove off to Guildford, where they will remain a few days and afterwards visit t- he eastern districts. Yesterday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, Mr. T. H. Bates held an open air service by the riverside, in the presence of an immense concourse of spectator's.The sermon was based on the words in Luke 4.27— ' And many lepers, were in Israel ixt. the time of Elias the prophet, and none of them was cleansed saving Naamau the Syrian.' After stating the historical fact's, the Evangelist drew a parallel between the leper's case and chat of the sinner,show- ng firstly, in seeking relief from the mala- dy of sin, he sometime's imagines it will come in a different way from what it does. Secondly, the folly of human criticism of God's requirement's, and, thirdly, that penitent obedience is sure to bring relief. He then led the young man out a distance into the river and immersed him in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, after which both gentlemen retired to the boat building shed of Mr. Lawrence, where they attired themselve's in fresh garments and then left for their respective home's We understand that the family of Mr. Bate'sarrived per last trip of the Nemesis, and that he has now taken up h- is permanent residence in Hay-street,W- est A very pleasant and agreeable evening was spent at the Lion Jarrah Saw-mill's. Eastern Eailway, on Saturday last, when the workmen, with their wive's and children, met in the ballroom, a comfortable build- ing 60 x 25 feet, built for the workmen's special use.The programme consisted of Bingirig, recitation's, etc., the entertain- ment finishing up with some dancing. A duet was well rendered by Mrs. Witte and Mr. Davies, while songs were contribu ted by Mr. Heather and Mr. Symons. Boars of laughter were indulged in during the amusing farce performed by Messrs. McFraley and Dawes. Durinwill very likely be modified, and companiesg the evening Mr. Jaaes Port, father of the manager of the Lien Jarrah Mills gave, an interesting lecture entitled' A chat about Broken Hill, the great silver country of Austra lia.' Mr. Port is an old colonist, having landed in Victoria in 1852, but during the last seven years has resided on the Barr- ier Silver Fields. . 