Theatrical Topics. j P Mr. Ches. tinntloy'i» now touring in Osnadn, whore lio is drawing largo nod appraoiutlvo nudleLcie. The Glasgow Bailit ro lords ' tbo prodaotlon of "Tho English;' Rose" in that oity) with Miss Grade Watnor in the natub part. ' Frokon Nathalie Heuriobson's now 'play, " Without Rt gArd," hiW boon flboeptod by the Royal Theatre la Oopeuhagsn, whero it will bo shortly pr- duccd. . Fru Mvg'dalenq T'horoaon's play, " Within Doors," h/a recently been played at tho, Dag- mur Thc.atro, Oopsuhagcn, and has met with a very fiattoting rtooption. , , For April 8, "Liuda Gray," a fivo-aot drama by the luto.Bir Oharles Young, was on- nounctd for . prodaotion .at. the Frinoess's Theatre, with Mrs; Langtry in the tillo roio. Mr Wilinrd lias aohioved the dhtinotion of having I allUlcd the longest engagement in No w York of any English odor, haying played for 22 ooneecutive weeks at Pnlmor's Theairo in thatoity. ..fj'- Mr. Ohnrles Goghlan "has' wrltton a now comedy named " xhe Gray Mare," whtoh lna sister, Mibb Roio Ooghlan, will put into re hearsal for pruduotlon during horseman at tho Madison square Theatre, Now York. > Mrs. Johu Drew, tho actress, is now, by her own frank ountestion, 71 years of ago. / bho is still playing iu Mr. Jifferson's oompany; bat when ho takes np "Rip Van Winkle" onoe more, SB she thinks ho may in a year or two, sho may abandon tho stage, ou whioh sho began her career as a child of tbreo. Mr. Wilson .Barrett intends shortly to pro- dnoo "Bolphegor" at the Now Olyinpio. Fending its prop/iratiou, "Hamlet" will' bo revived, with Miss Emery as the Ophelia, and tbe manager, of course, as Hamlet. "Tho L' irhtn o' Loudon" has not had u long oareor at its ntw boino. . Mr. T ' addon Ohnmbora's " Flpo of Foaae," whioh baa been noeopted by. Mr. Alexander, is s short two-cot play, and will probably be per formed at.ono of the "afternoons", at the St. James's. It is founded on a story of Mr. Chambers's whioh wns published in tho " Argosy." Some years ago tho Dntoh drama of " Anna .Mio " was ployed with oonridotablo suoooss by MisB Gonevicv-i Ward in an English vorslon. Tho "Batavion graces" of dramatio art' have not, however, had much attraction for English- .playwrights. But, anyhow, nt tho Oonrt Theatre, . London, a littio pieoe taken from the Dutob, and ontitled. "Spring Leaves," bis recently soivod vory satisfuotorily as a ourtaln- raieer. Mr. Augustus Harris, tho woli known theatrical manager, is preparing a naw sensa- tion for tho Londoners. Ho has taken tho .grounds at Olympia (which oovor sorabthiog like 20 aorop), wboro ho is to prodaoe " Vcnioo in London." Tbo wholo of the extensive .grounds willbn dug up and flooded with water. A Venetian street with , bridges wilt bo built, and gondolas will ply upon tho oan ale wbioh will to constructed. , : 11": " ' A now opera by- M. Masponel, tho libretto bring by M. Jean Rlohepin, entitled "Ls Mogo," wbb produced at tho Paris Opera «u MnrohlS. Tho hero is Zoroaster, nud Mr. Marion CiMWior-4, tho uovctist, deolurss, it is slutcd, th.'tt M Riobhpin has plagiurioj.l him, mid ho lies served a mi aimers ou tho directors, forbidding them to potfirm the work. Lydia Thompson tolls this story : Whiu laat in England chu v?enfc to tho Lyceum, iu: l du-iug the pimform/inua overboard tho following dia logue between two welt dressofl Yanhtu ladiea. " Qnito too uioe, isn't he ?" said one, referring io Mr. Irviug. ' Yes," said tho ot'aor' " but .1 guess bo's rather woalc about the knees." " Oh," w.-is tho reply, " that's only his pathos'.". Mr. Edward Torry ha9 once mora songht th nc-sistonoe of Mr. Fim-ro in a moment of diffi culty ' Having no novelty wherewith to replace " In Chancery," whioh had been plaood in tho programme ou the failure of Mr. Arthur Law's farcical oornody, ho has fallan back upon that amusing old three-net furco, " The Rocket;" written- more than half a dozen ycara ago' for Mr. Terry. The play is admirably noted on this ooooMon, and not ons- of its humorous j.oiiitH is missed by those oouoorned in its pre- fctntui/cL. Arrangements are in oontomplatlon for oon- vorting tho Interior of Olympia into a roalistio reproduction of the Fiozza of St. Mark, at Venice, with its surrounding colonnade, shops, cafes, fta., all deoorated as in carnival tlmo. Faring tho cathedral there will be created a gigantic Btagp, on whioh spootaolea aud pageants of variocB kinds will be cnaotod. The comple tion of the illusion will bo found outside tho building. Tho vaosnt space on the weatsrn Bids of Olympia will bo utilised for n representation of the Grand Ointtl, orossad by tho Rlalto, with zeal gondolas plying for biro on tho still waters, so that Londonors will literally find themselves in Venioe without the trouble of going to Italy. Tbo Vienna oorreapondont of the Queen of April 10, writes: The attractions o! Moran, that benutii ally sheltered plaoo nt the footofthe Tyrolean Alps, uro boooming more manifold this season. A great patriotic drama on tho lines of tho Fusnion Flay ut Oberamraergan, written by Charles Wolf, will bo performed, and ia euro to icuso the popular patriotism, as it represents the Andreas Hofer tragedy, enacted in 1809 by tho victorious Napoleon nudorpaoullnrly impressive oirouinBtauces. The soenoiB oIobo to tho plaoo whoro tbo hero lived, and wbenoo ho bravoly defeudod his country until, over whelmed by superior numbors, ho was takon prisoner and shot. Ibsen still fosolnates tho younger eohool of aotresses. Miss Marion Lea and Miss E. Robins nro fired with ambition to produoo "Hcdda Gablor," and, as if this wore not sufficient' to look forward, to, , another rising artist, Mies Rueo Metier, intends to briug " Tho Lady from the Sea to tbo notioo of tho publio nt the Vaudeville. Both . plays will bo acted at fivo oonseoutivo morn- log performances. . In . tho, lattpr piece. Miss Meilor will create tho part bf Elltda, and Miss Violot Armsbruetor .that. of. Bolrita. " Tho Pillars of Sooiety," tbe third Ibsou play in proBpoot for longsuffering playgoers, will' possibly oomo aflor the projooted' revival of "Belphegor", at the New Olymp,io,by Mr... WilionBarrett. , . ... , About "Ghosts." tho first oxpsrimoilt, pre sented by- tbe Independent -Theatre, .the less, said, perhaps, tbo better (says tho European Mail). It Mr. Groin nnd his followers do not wont to establish an English version of the 'Theatre Libre,- iq prder to produce plays whioh from - their objectionable oharaoter would, hot- he' tolerated at any of tho ordinary theatres, one oan only-eay that they made an unfortunate choice for thoir flrst' performance. " Ghosts," as B.stiidy ini- 'psychology or aa a philosophic treatiso on oertain fnots in human natarh, may have its merits, bat as a dramatio work it has none, its orowniug sin from tho playgoer's point of view, bring that it is unutterably dull; nnd long-winded, aa all Ibson'o plays are. t It was woll noted, portly by amateurs, and the. Ibeenites were, of.oonrso, delightod,'b'ut:th»t' shy other go'odr csult oomo of tho porformanoo". we do not . believe. Mr(,ObatloB Arnold has', sent the ' Sydney J)iilt'j Tetejjraph en interesting' nooonnt "'from' tbo Yorkshire Tost of tho now play " Carl's .Folly, "with.whiob ho proposes'to. tonr Aus- traliaat tbe end of tbo onrrent year. Tho pleoe la by Mr. Clay M. /Groeno,- author of "Hons the Botmon," and' in tljo same way baa been speoially adopted to Mr. Arnold's ad- . mltted ability ob a dialeot actor and. bis skill ah a linger. Tho' drama, whioh has ' toon vory oordially recolved, reprbflonts tho hero, 0.irl von .Are, as a SwiiB settle in Anstralia) and apart from the dramatio interest of tho atory intro- duoessopne novel eonsational qplqodes; whioh roused the 1 house to ontl/uriaum. .on.tho first' night. Tbfto, as already montionod, oonsint in .-sheepihrarlng on tho ' stagq and ia tho resouo of a woman from 'drowning in a lako of real water by Mr. Arnold's' prize'// Newfoundland dog, who leaps into the tank and drags oat tho drowned litorally.f'. by the loroff of hor neck." Tho joy of the gods at suoh a spootaolo m:y bo batter imagined Itoh'dbsoribAd I The'absenoo'of Miss DotFro4briosJ(Mrs. Oharlea Arnold) from tho cost;' is oxplained:by;too foot) that on April 6 she faocame a mothor/'Thelady'smany friends and relatives here will be glad that aooordlng to the latest news reoeived both mother ana \- daughter were well. 