WHISPERS AT THE WlNGS. Bt "Quince." Mr. Grundy's new comedy of "The Silver Shield" is based on the proverb that there are two sides to every question, which La Fontaine turned into a well- known fable of two knights who fought to the death on the controversy as to whether a shield, which hung over a path by which they met, was of silver or gold. It was really of gold on the one side and silver on the other, so that both were right and wrong. In Mr. Grundy's brilliantly-written comedy there are several sets of persons who look at the opposite sides of the shield. One couple, Alma Blake Mrs. Brough) and her husband, Tom Potter (Mr. Ward), are separated for six years by a mistake of this kind. Another, Lucy Preston (Miss Temple), and her husband, Ned Chetwynd (Mr. Sass), are only three months apart, but they suffer a very great deal notwithstand ing. There are various characters who have little to do with the plot - Dr. Dozey (Mr. Anson), his wife, Mrs. Dozey (Miss Taylor), Sir Humphrey Chetwynd (Mr. Corlesse), and Mr. Dodson Dick, a theatrical manager (Mr. Brough). There are three remarkable features about this able comedy. The first is the perfect transparency of its plot, the second the exceeding neatness of its construction, and the third the great brilliance of the dialogue. All these are, of course, points to the credit of the author. The pre sentation is perfect. The piece could not be better acted anywhere, nor better mounted either. It was triumphantly successful, Mr. Anson, Mr. Brough, and Mrs. Brough coming out gloriously ahead, with Mr. Sass and Miss Taylor close up, and Mr. Ward, Miss Temple, Mr. Corlesse, and Miss Gwynne in the third rank right on their heels. Mrs. Brough, as usual, better than ever, improving every time, and getting more strength and more variety in her action with each new perfor mance. * * * Mr. TVaxttb Bekslxt's Hamlet, though scholarly, independent, and craceful, did not take the town by atonrn His first force acts were very good, foe fifth weak, and foe fourth distinctly feuL The scenes with foe ghost and foe players could not to better given, foe play scene was very good, that with foe grave diggers was poor, artifleial, and in effective, and little could bt said U favor of the business with Zjaartes. The cast, with foe exception of foe Polonina of Mr. Calk- cart, and foe Ophelia of Kiss Hansen, was decidedly weaker we have hitherto had at the Theatre BoyaL Lur night Mr. Bentiey produced "The Bells," which has not, it is understood, been played in Kfl entirety before in Melbourne, though it was certainly pro duced some years back in Adelaide. He preved himself in thft, as in 44 Hamlet," not so much an imitator of Mr. Irving c.5 an actor who works by foe same methods to produce stmiter effects. There are, how- ' ever, no better methods, and the perform ance was a very fine one. Ma. Otto T wuw celebrated the Mozart centenary on Saturday with a grand concert at foe Town Hall, and on Monday with a lull performance of the mcrrisge of Figure at the Alexandra. He had bestowed great pains on both, and foe results -were ex ceedingly satisfactory. Mss Bills Bjslow and a party of seven teen artists, engaged for foe Christmas pantocrine at foe Theatre Royal, arrived on Wednesday last. The preparations ior foe pantomime go on merrily, and the old "Royal" iE to wake up to its pristine liveliness a fortnight hence. At foe Opera House George Dorre'.L with his pretty and clever wife and bis excellent company, manage to draw very good houses despite the dull times with 44 Hue and Cry." which is a well written and justly yorujar drama. At Christinas foe Macmckcns pro duce Mr. Bice's " Pearl oi I\kiu,' an ei-era on which special preparation- is being lavished. Mb. WiLmirsoK has revived "Mcriorie" at foe Princess Theatre, and hr.s pot Mifis Marie Elster a dcbyia7.te into foe part of the heroine. Miss Eister, wfco Eings Eweetly, has as yet a goc-1 ded to learn as m actress ; but ahe ft gallantlv supported by Mr. B:"S.cy, vnese Wilfred ie a graceful aud finished c= evor. Mr. Bvlev's Earl of Chestermere is r trice;. ! and so is Mr. Elton's Gcsric. Lifts C-mtron and Mr. Vernon make great fun cut of ;ae elderly lovers, and foe opera f®6® vc'-;i On Satordav next 14 loiant.e will be played, together with 44 Charity Dcj:n? at Home." Tee "Meny Monarch" will' to foe Christmas Noveltv a: foe Princess Tncctro. At Up. Bijou the long-proinftcd Mrcii Ago Atv-.nt- Xd Ft,&2£'L Wl'il 1LP costumes scenery, and mounting designed by foe latelfr, Lewis WingficM. Mr, Dahthe's lest production, "iijiS Great City," is bringing fair Larin-oss st foe Alexandra. It is well mounted, well yioyei, and full of incident. It shoujdran cntri Christinas, when it will be snccec-dtd fcy the Pantomime. Tee Music Halls are not tuCeti-.; mucn through foe dull times. The Gaiety v.Lich makes a specialty of boxing, fits I't :c-r : v;«-n and Tom Williams in a foar- rc-uo I c r. r: . in addition to its musical prccvax-u.-:-. T_:e Victoria Hall has constant chnrr-- of h'.il and constant additions to its cr-mtji". Tr.e Museum is running well, with t Vocsden, and both Cycloramas hv.e lig business. v s Tee perennial Maccabe is round cgcin, ur.l is as popular as ever at the Athena n::'.. He leaves on Saturday. Sell's Ctecue, which is to £.:;.r.y. will be located on the old running grour.o. St. Kilda-road. If has pretty nearly trained Svdnev, and emptied the foeatrei. Tee C-ogill's re-open at foe Sydney Carries on Saturday next. Ifc- Willumsox's Juvenile Opera made a hit at foe Criterion in Sy in?ym 44 The Mikado" on Saturday : arid Miss Jennie Lee re- produced 44 The Grasshopper " vtiv successfully -at tbe-Gcrziek. We have to acknowledge foe receipt ot foe 44 Victorian Racing Calendar' ' ic-r the current month. In it will to f:-ur:d the programmes for foe Autumn ms- ».'f 1852, afto those ior the Quhc's L-rt-.tuy and Grand National Steeritchute meeuugs to to held next year. As advertisement in another cr'.ui n t:.v« particulars of an excursion lu vm in foe Straits in a schooner, which v... leave Hebson's Bay on foe night of xLe d: '.: iust. for a ten days' trip, to cost £5 ICs. d—iiLtsat Beyle and Scott's Sports Depo:. Up to foe time of going to i:ti. the handicaps for Thursday's Dandc-ncu.- rates had not reached this office. 