Religious. Ton nuns of St. Dominic's Priory, "North Adelaide. are appealing to the Catholic community (says the SouthArn Cross) to assist them in the work of erecting a chapel for the perpetual adoration of our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. The foundation stone of the Church of the Holy Ghost was laid by Archbishop Reynolds on Sun day, October 25. The nuns must have already spent about £8000 on their property, North Adelaide, and the proposed additions will cost be. twfeon £3000 and £4000. His Grace has written to the Rev. Mother I'rioress authorising her to make an appeal for the erection of a chapel of reparation. M?r. James Busbridgo, son., of Ade laide, was presented with a compli mentary address, at the Gnawlor Bap tist Church, on November 6, in commemoration of the completion of 25 years' service for the Sunday school as superintendent and other wise. The address testified to the warm regard felt for Mr. Busbridge, and this was endorsed by several spealkors. Mr. Busbridge feelingly acknowledged the compliment paid him. The Ohristian Weekly of November 13, has the following :-The Rev. A.. H. Carne, who, as foreign mission deputation, has visited many of our circuits, finds it absolutely necessary, on account of duties pertaining to the chairmanship of a district, which position he holds, to return almost at once to Samoa; he will, therefore, close his work in London on Thursday, on November 26. The late Mr. W. H. Smith, M.P., First Lord of the Treasury and Leader of the House of Commons, was associated in his early days with the Methodist Church. Some still remember the family when they worshipped at Great Queen street and other West-End Chapels. His father was a stanch supporter of Methodism, and gave £1000 towards the erection of Victoria Chapel in St. John's Wood. It is said that Mr. W. H. Smith cherished a high esteem for the Church of his, boyhood, and gave generous help to the thanksgiving fund. He was a Christian politician of unblemished integrity. Tom ?.?nn, the great organiser and Labour leader, preached in the Nut grove Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, St. Helens, on a recent Snnday, tak ing as his text St. Luke x., 35, 36. He said that the Church, as a body, had hitherto held aloof from the Labour movement, but .he maintained that it was a sacred duty of'the Church to do all that was possible for the nmoral, physical, ahd spiritual improvement of the working classes. He said that religion and labour were inselparable, and that the bettering of the condition of the working classes was one of the most commendable duties of Christians, either individually or collectively. " The Rev. W. H. Fitchett, whose championship of Australia has brought him into literary prominence in Lon don, is now on his way back in the Nord.Deutecher Lloyd's fine steamer Kaiser Wilhelm II., which is timed to reach Melbourne on December 20. The Melbourne Spectator says: 'Mr. Fitchett has improved the shin ing hour during his stay in England " by visiting the best educational estab lishments, and taking notes of the 'latest and best English methods, He also visited Scotland and spent some time in Yorkshire, where he heard one of the Rev. E. H. Sugden's "old boys," the Rev. Dinsdale Young, whom he describes as a magnificent preacher.' A meeting to welcome back the Rev. 3. R. Glasson after his visit tc England, to attend the Congregational Conference, was rocently hold in the College Park Congregational school room, Adelaide. Mr. W. Rutt pre sided-over a large attendance. Mr. Glassoni returned thanks to his brother ministers for the help they had ren dered on the Sundays, and to the offcers and all the members and adhe. rents for keeping so well together. He confessed that he had not opened; his month at the conference. As Dr. Jef feris had remarked, the Australians had been completely elbowed out of the proceedings, the American dele. gateshaving monopolised every chance of a speech. He intended to have said something on the social question, but had :no opportunity. He considered that the: ministers in England were far behind those of the colonies in grasp ing the social:question, and they were surprised at the, knowledge displayed by the. colonial delegates on social questions and literature. At the Hobart, district session of the 'Wesleyan Church, very feeling reference .was made by the Reve. Ironsido, *Cope, and Annear, to the loss sustained by the Church through the death of the Rev. Dr. Kelynack, president of the General Conference of the Australian' Wesleyan Methodist Church ; the death of the Rev. A. Rigg, president of the Victorian and Tas manian Conference; and of the Rev. Mr. Reid, of New Zealand.' It wae moved'that a letter of condolence be forwarded to the bereaved families. 