A FINAL RECKONING A TALE OF BUSH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. CHAPTER XVIlI. SETTLING ACCOUNTS. Reuben soon checked the speed of his horse. Anxious as he was to arrive as soon as possible, he might, for aught he knew, yet have occasion to try the animal to the utmost, and he therefore reduced the almost racing pace at which he had started into an ordinary steady gallop. The horses were fresh and in good condition, and for several miles kept up the pace without lagging. Then they were allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, and then started into the pace, half canter, half .gallop which is the usual rate of progression for colonial horses. They drew rein at last on a slight eminence from which the Donalds' station, a mile or so distant, could be perceived. " Thank God," Reuben muttered to himself, " I am back here at last. There is no occasion for further hurry," and the horses were allowed to go at an easy walk. " Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, touching Reuben's arm. " Where - where, Jim ?" " Gone from the house, sah - trew dem trees. Dare he go again, he gallop fast." Reuben had not caught sight of the figure, but he pressed his spurs against the horses sides. " I will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, ride straight on to the house and say I shall be there in a few minutes." As Reuben rode at a headlong gallop towards the point where his course would probably intersect that of the horseman riding in the direction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether his anxiety for Kate Ellison was not making a fool of him. Why ehould he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full speed on the track of this figure of which Jim had caught only a glance ? It might be a stockman or someone who had ridden over from one of the neighbouring stations to see how Donald was getting on ; but even so, he told himself. no harm was done by his assuring himself of the fact that It was not the way Mr. Barker would take to his station ; had it been a neighbour who had come over he would not be likely to leave again so early ; neither of the constables would be riding away in defiance of his orders on no account to go any distance from the house. Presently he caught a glimpse of the horseman. He was not more than half a mile away now, but the view he obtained was so instantaneous that he could not distinguish any particulars. " He is riding fast, anyhow," he said. " Faster than a man would travel on ordinary business. He is either a messenger sent on urgent business, or it is Thorne." He slightly altered the direction of his course, for the speed at which the horseman was travelling must take him ahead of the point where Reuben had calculated upon cutting him off. In a short distance he would get a view of him, for the trees ended here and the plain was open and unbroken save by low bush. When the figure came clear of the trees he was but a quarter of a mile away, and Reuben gave a start, for he recognised at once the uniform of his own corps. It could only be one of the men left at Donald's, and, with an exclamation of anger, Reuben pressed his horse to the utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now almost directly ahead, at the same time uttering a loud call. call. The man glanced back, but to Reuben'a surprise, instead of stopping, he waved his hand above his head and pressed forward. Two miles were traversed before Reuben was beside him. " What are you doing ?" he thundered out. But the man just pointed ahead. " He has carried off Miss Ellison, sir, and has shot Brown dead. I will tell you afterwards. There, do you see, sir, over that brow, there. At the moment Reuben saw a figure on horseback rise against the sky-line fully two miles in front. " Ride steadily, Smithson," he said : " keep me, in view, and I will keep him. We must overtake him in time, for his horse is carrying double. I shall push on, for I am better mounted than you are, and he may try to double and throw us off his traces. If anything happens to me don't stop for a moment, but hunt that fellow down to the end." Reuben had been holding his horse somewhat in hand during the last mile, for he thought there must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct, but he now let him go, and urged him on to full speed and soon left the constable behind. He knew that for some distances ahead the country was flat and unbroken, and that the fugitive would have no chance of concealment which ever way he turned. Upon reaching the spot where he had seen the bushranger pass the wide plain opened before him, and he gave a shout of exultation as he saw that he had gained considerably. The fugitive, indeed, had evidently not been pressing his horse. " He thinks he has a long journey before him," Reuben muttered. " I fancy he's mistaken. He thinks he's only got a constable following, and that he can easily rid himself of him whenever he needs to. No doubt he learned from some of the convicts that everyone is away, and therefore thinks himself safe from all pursuit once he wiped out Smithson. All the better. I shall overtake him all the sooner." Such indeed was the view of the bushranger, who kept going at a steady canter, troubling himself very little about the solitary constable who he believed to be in pursuit of him. When, indeed, on glancing around he saw that his pursuer was within a quarter of a mile of him, he reined in his horse, and turning, and calmly awaited his coming. Reuben at once checked the speed of his horse. He knew that the man was said to be a deadly shot with his pistol, but he was confident of his own skill, for, with constant and assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous proficiency with his weapon. But he did not care to give his foe the advantage which a man sitting on a steady seat possesses over one sitting in the saddle of a galloping horse; he therefore advanced only at a walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed to fear caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted : " Look here, constable ; you had best turn your horse's head and go home again. You know well enough that one constable is no match for me, so you had best rein up before I put a bullet in your head. If you shoot you are just as likely to kill the young woman here as you are me, and you know I don't make any mistakes." Reuben was already conscious of his disadvantage in this respect, for the bushranger held the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her body completely covered his. She was enveloped in a shawl which covered her head as well as her figure. Her captor held her tightly pressed to him with his left arm, while his right was free to use a pistol. Reuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while he thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thorne, for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage exclamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. " Oh, it's you, is it >" he said ; " I thought it was only one of your men : but the advice I gave is as good for you as it was for him. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you." " Your mates will never be down on anyone again, Tom Thorne," Reuben said sternly. " We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." " It's a lie !" the bushranger said furiously. " They are two hundred miles away in the bush." " With your friend Bobitu, eh ? Yes they were, but they are not now, Thorne. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your treasure ; and it's I who is going to have help, not you. My men will be up in a few minutes," and he glanced round at the constable, who the bushranger now perceived for the first time less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect they were intended. They filled the bushranger with fury and desire for vengeance, while the sight of the approaching constable showed him that unless he took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once. Without a moment's hesitation, he set spurs to his horse and dashed at Reuben. When within twenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp pain as if a hot iron had been passed across his cheek. Thorne uttered a shout of exultation as he saw him start, but, as he kept his seat, again raised his hand to tire. In an instant, Reuben discharged his pistol, and the bushranger's weapon dropped from his hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through his wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground, Thorne drew a pistol with his left hand, and the two shots rang out again at almost the same instant. Reuben, however, was slightly the quickest, and this saved his life. His bullet passed through the bushranger's body, while Thorne's pistol was diverted somewhat from its aim, and the bullet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In an instant he had drawn another pistol. " Surrender, or I fire !" and then seeing, by the change in the bushranger's face and by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he waited, still keeping Thorne covered with the muzzle, for the busbranger had a charge left in the pistol which he still grasped in his left hand. Twice Thorne tried to raise it, but in vain. Then he reeled in the saddle, the pistol dropped from his hand, and he fell heavily to the ground. Reuben at once leaped from his horse and ran to raise Kate Ellison, who lay motionless on the ground where she had been thrown. Removing the shawl wrapped round her head he found she was insensible. Kneeling beside her, he raised her head to his shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. " Badly hurt, captain ?" he asked as he leaped from his horse, for blood was streaming down Reuben's face, and his left arm hung useless. " Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask in the holster ; just bring it here and sprinkle it on her face. I hope she in only stunned : but that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well be badly hurt." " Is he done for, captain ?" the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bushranger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's instructions ; " because if you ain't certain about it, I had better put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing possum and then turning the tables upon you." " There is no fear of that, Smithson : he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for I would rather that he were tried for his crimes." It was some time before Kate Ellison opened her eyes. For a moment she looked vaguely around, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben's face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. " What is it, Captain Whitney? Are you badly hurt ?" " Thank God you have recovered, Miss Ellison. You began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure you I am not much hurt ; only a flesh wound, I fancy in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone." " And you have saved me again, Captain Whitney ?" " Yes. thank God, I have had that good fortune," Reuben said quietly, "and this time for good, or Tom Thorne will never molest you again." " But can't I do something ? Your face is bleeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it up," and tearing off the bottom of her dress, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. The constable took off the black silk handkerchief which he wore around his neck. " I think, miss, this will make a sling for his arm, and when that is done the captain will be pretty right. Do you think you can ride back, sir ?" he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, " or will you wait till I ride back to the farm and fetch help?" "I can ride well enough," Reuben said, trying to rise to his feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. " No, I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." " There is a light cart at the farm," Kate Ellison said ; " please fetch that. I will stop here with Captain 'Whitney till you come back." " I think that will be the best way miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at once. It was an hour and a half before he returned, bringing the cart ; but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the former having returned from his visit to the farm just as the constable rode in. While they had been alone Reuben had heard from Kate what had taken place. " I did as you told me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The constables kept a very sharp lookout, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs. Barker, a shot was suddenly fired outside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that man rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, " Come along, it's no use screaming." Mrs. Barker caught up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down with the butt. end of his pistol. Then he caught up her shawl, whiclh was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, and then caught me up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but as seemed to hold me as if I were in a vice. I heard Alice scream, and then I must have fainted, for the next thing I knew was that I was being carried along on horseback. I was so muffled up, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to struggle, and I made up my mind to lie as if I was still insensible, till he put me down, and then - I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get hold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not kill him to kill myself. There did not seem the least hope of rescue. Mr. Barker was away and would not be back for hours. I supposed that the constabloes were shot, and all the men round were away with you ; and from the distance you said you were going, I did not think you would be back for days. Presently I felt lim stop and turn his horse, and then when he spoke I knew that he had not killed both the constables, and that one of them had followed him. When you answered I thought it was your voice though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be sure, because I could not hear plainly through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you are here alone ? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." " No, I am glad to say that we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner but all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance was not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles march and two sixties. We attackeld them at daybreak on the third day after we left." " But it is only the fourth day today, is it not ? At least it seems so to me." " It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader oi the gang was not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride baclk here twenty-four hours before, I was naturally very anxlious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterhole sixty miles on our way back, where we had camped the second night out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses which we had taken from the bushrangers, which had been led so far and were fresh.. We made another forty miles by midnight, and then halted till daybreak to give the horses a rest, but they were so done up this morning that we could not get them much beyond a walking pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time." The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said quietly : " Thank you. Than you have ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me. " " I had, as you see, good reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison. " At this moment a horse's hooves were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to obtain any information as to what had taken place. Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had ridden off to meet her husband just before he arrived ; but the dead body of the constable by the door and the disappearance of Kate showed him what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. Hls horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until he met the constable returning he had been obliged to follow the track of the horses in front, so he did not arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He uttered exclamations. of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Reuben had been gradually becoming faint, and could now scarcely support himself on his elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution of snatching a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own comfort as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Reuben's flask and put it to his lips. " Thank you, Jim ; that is just what I wanted." " Massa lie down quiet," Jim said, " no good situp ;" and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, and Reuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr. and Mrs. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, but she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barter, and burst Into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. " That's right. my poor child," Mrs. Barker said : '" a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue." " I do indeed, Mrs. Barker. It seems almost a miracle." " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground whonever he's wanted. Ho seems hurt badly. The constable said it was a broken collarbone, but it must be something a good deal worse than that." " Oh, don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after what he's done for me. If he were to die !" " There, there, don't tremble so, child ; we must hope that it is not as bad as that ; but he would hardly be looking so bad as he does for only a broken collar-bone. My husband broke his one day the horse ran away with him among some trees, and he was up and about again in a day or two. " Is be badly hurt, do you think, John ?" she asked her husband who was kneeling besides Reuben. " I hope not," the settler said. "He ought not to be like this only from a wound in the collar bone : ; but of course it may have glanced down and done some internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much as anything - the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." " He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Kate said, " and has had two fights beides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushrangers had escaped he came on by himself." " Oh ! they caught the bushrangers, did they ?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I was afraid by his getting back here so soon that they must have missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden all the way back, has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Kate was too anxious and shaken to mark the significance of Mr. Barker's tone. " Don't tease her," his wife said in a low voice. "She is terribly upset and shaken, and can hardly stand. Ah ! what is that ?" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. " Shoot him dead, sah," Jim, who was supporting his master's head, exclaimed. " Don't let dat fellow live no longer." " I can't do that, Jim," Mr. Barker said, moving towards the fallen man. " The man Is a thorough scoundrel, a murderer, and a robber ; but he is harmless now. One cannot wish he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against him to hang him ten times over. However, we must do what we can for the poor wretch." So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and poured it between the bushranger's lips. " Is it mortal ?" Mrs. Barker asked as he rejoined her. " I think so," he said ; "I fancy he is shot through the lungs." " You must really sit down, Miss Ellison ; you look as white as a ghost, and we cannot have you on our hands just now. We have got them pretty full as they are. Ah ! here comes the cart." The constable had put a quantity of straw in the bottom of the light cart, and Barker and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. " We must take the other too," Mr. Barker said ; " the man is alive, and we can't leave him here." " Yes," Kate said; "he must go too. He did Reuben a great wrong many years ago. I hope he will confess it before he dies." Mr. Barker glanced at his wife as Kate used the young officer's Christian name ; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Reuben who had been accused of poisoning her father's dog, and of committing burglary at his house. " You had better get up in front with the constable, Miss Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart. " You certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and you can use me for a prop if you feel weak ; but before we start I must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your saying no," he persisted as the girl shook her head. " We shall have you fainting before you get home if you don't." Kate did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Reuben's face. " Oh, Mr. Barker !" she said, "he looks dead. You are not deceiving me, are you ?" " Bless me, no !" the settler said cheerfully. " My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sudden reaction after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of his ride have completely overcome him, and my opinion is that he is sound asleep." " Jim, do you lead your master's horse, while the constable takes the other, and then you two had better ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a bed up at once for Captain Whitney, and get some clean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the other." So saying he touched the horse with the whip, and the cart moved slowly on with Mrs. Barker riding beside it. She would have gone on ahead to have assisted in the preparations, but she expected to see Kate faint at any moment, and thought it better to remain with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey occupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the way carefully so as not to jolt the cart. Mrs. Barker endeavoured to keep Kate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of home she said : " I think, dear, you are looking a little better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cup of strong tea ready for you. That will do wonders for you." When the cart arrived ,Mrs. Donald ran out and as Kate descended clasped her in a long embrace. " Come straight in here, my dear," Mrs. Barker said. " I have got a basin of cold water and a cup of strong tea, and the two together will do marvels. Then we will attend to your wounded hero." Reuben remained perfectly quiet and inert as he was lifted out and carried into the house, where a bed had been made up for him in a room on the ground floor. " Just lay him down. Throw a blanket over him, and let him lie perfectly quietly." " Do you think he is really asleep ?" Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. " I do, really," her husband replied. " Put your ear close to his mouth. Hs is breathing as quietly as a child, and," he added, placing his fingers on Reuben's wrist, " his pulse is a little fast, but regular and quiet ; twenty-four hours sleep will set him up again, unless I am greatly mistaken. I don't expect that this wound will turn out as anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Ruskin said he would be back again ?" " Yes, either yesterday or today." " That is lucky. He will be surprised at finding two new patients waiting for him. I will go and have a look at that poor wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef tea ; I will pour a spoonful or two between his lips. You had better go and look after Kate. You will not be needed here at present. If your master wakes, Jim, let us know directly," he said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. " I can't call the poor fellow away from his master," he added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; "but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been killed or hurt. If, as Kate said, she heard the captain tell the bushranger that all his band had been killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has indeed been a most successful expedition, and we colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time. Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water is and the tea had the effect Mrs. Barker predicted. A little colour had returned into Kate's cheeks, and she looked altogether more like herself. " How is he ?" Mrs. Donald asked. " In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald ; his pulse is quiet and even, and he's breathing as quietly as a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to recover till to-morrow morning. However, I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed, if that bullet hasn't misbehaved. itself, I see no reason why he shouldn't be up tomorrow." " That is indeed a relief to us both," Mrs. Donald said, while Kate could only clasp her hands in silent thankfulness. " And now, how is your husband ? I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion." " He was terribly agitated at first," Mrs. Donald said. "I fainted, you know, and he got out of bed to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get him to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Kate, although, of course, he is as weak as a child, and even with my help he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barker ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch you, to say that the constable was off in pursuit, and that quietened him. Then I think he was occupied in trying to cheer me up, for as soon as he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He was first taken in to look at Reuben, having been told all the circumstances of the case, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion that he was really in a deep sleep. " I would not wake him on any account," he said ; "it is a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awaken feeling quite himself. Of course I can't say anything about the wound till he does. Now for his antagonist." The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words came from his lips. The surgeon examined his wound. " He is shot through the lungs," he said, "and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of his trial. And now for my original patient." He was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mix him a soothing draught from the case of medicines he carried behind the saddle. " We must get him off to sleep if we can," he said, " or we shall have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done without paying the penalty. And now, I suppose, I have finished," he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Yes, I think so," Mrs. Barker said; " if you had come an hour earlier I should have put this young lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain VWhitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her." " No wonder she is shaken." Mr. Ruskin remarked. " Mrs. Barker tells me you had a heavy fall, too, Miss Ellison." " Yes," she replied. "I was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and bruised I am none the worse for it." " Look here, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting his fingers on her wrist, " I suppose you will want to be about tomorrow when our brave army returns. Now there is nothing you can do here. Mrs. Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barker I am sure, will take charge of the house. and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for you, and to go upstairs and go to bed and sleep till morning." " I could not sleep," Kate protested. " Very well, then, lie quietly without sleeping, and if in the evening you find you are restless you can come down for an hour or two ; but I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Now, Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine up and put this young lady to bed." " I hope she will get off to sleep," Mrs. Barker said when she came downstairs again. " I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. Ruskin replied. " I have given her a very strong sleeping-draught, far stronger than I should think of giving her at any other time ; but after the tension that the poor girl must have gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect. I think you will hear notihg more of her till the morning." Indeed it was not until the sun was well up the next morning that Kate Ellison woke. She could hardly believe that she had slept all night, but the eastern sun coming in through her window showed her that she had done so. She still felt bruised and was aching all over, but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and went downstairs. " That's right, my dear," Mrs. Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. " You look bonny and like yourself." " How are my brother and Captain Whitney ?" Kate asked. " I don't think Mr. Donald is awake yet," Mrs. Barker rellied; " but Captain Whitney has just gone out to the shed with my husband and the surgeon." " Gone out to the shed ?" Kate repeated in astonishment. " Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast. He recovered consciousness about two hours ago. The constable was sitting up with him. He asked for water, and then lay for some time quite quiet. Then he said, " Am I dreaming, or was it Reuben Whitney I fought with ?" " Yes, it was Captain Reuben Whitney, our inspector," the constable replied. " For a time he lay quiet again, and then said : " I want to see him." The constable told him he was asleep and couldn't be woken. " Is he badly wounded ?" the man asked. " I know I hit him." "Not very badly, I hope," the constable answered. " When he wakes, ask him to come to me," the man said. I know I am dying, but I want to see him first. If he can't come let somebody else come." The constable came in and roused thie doctor, who went out and saw him, and said he might live three or four hours yet. Soon afterwards, just as the sun rose, Jim came out to say that his master was awake. Mr. Ruskin went into him and examined his wound and probed the course of the bullet. It had lodged down just at the bottom of the shoulder blade. I am glad to say he was able to get it out. When he had done this, he told his patient what the bushranger had said, and Captain Whitney insisted on going out to him. " It won't do him any harm, will it ?" Kate asked anxiously. " No, my dear, or Mr. Ruskin would not have let him go. I saw him as he went out, and shook hands with him, and, except for that nasty bandage over his face, he looked quite hIimself again. As I told you, a broken collarbone is a mere nothing, and now we know where the bullet went and have got it out, There is no occasion for the slightest anxiety. Here they come now, so you can judge for yourself. A very few words passed between Reuben and Kate for Mrs. Barker, who saw how nervous the girl was, at once began to ask him questions about what the bushranger had said. " He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Ruskin and Smithson have signed. It is about a very old story in which I was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification for me to have it cleared up at last. I was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my behalf, I fear," he said with a slight smile, " somewhat illegally. However, the imputation would have rested on me all my life had it not been for Thorne's confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that he was concerned in the second, although I could not prove it ; but he has now made a full confession, saying that he himself poisoned the dog, and confirmed the story I told at the trial." " Oh, I am glad l" Kate exclaimed. "You know, Captain Whitney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how you must have longed for it to be proven to the world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to make it public ?" " I shall send a copy of the confession, properly attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which, Captain Whitney tells me, is published there weekly." " I suppose there is no hope for Thorne ?" Kate asked in a low voice. " He is dying now," Barker said. " Ruskin is with him. He was fast losing consciousness when we left him, and Ruskin said that the end was at near." A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. " Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into your room and let me bandage up your shoulder properly. I hadn't had time to do it before." " But you won't want me to lie in bed or any nonsense of that sort ?" Reuben asked. " I would if I thought you would obey my orders ; but as I see no chance of that, I shall not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder, and when that is done I think you will be all right." There was only one more question which Reuben had to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day - why was it that Smithson did not go to his comrade's assistance. He then learned that Thorne rode quietly up to the back of the house and dismounted, then went to the stable, where Smithson was asleep, having been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood under the latch of the door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, he had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out and was only released by Mrs. Barker when she recovered, from the stunning blow which the bushranger had given her. He had then mounted at once and followed in pursuit. In the afternoon the party returned from the bush, having experienced no further molestation from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, and in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume his duties. The complete tdesruction of the gang of bushrangers, and the energy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, created a great sensation in the colony, and Reuben gained great credit - and instant promotion for his conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bush Mr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling his property. The course which events took can be judged by the following long conversation between Mr. Donald and her sister three months later. " Well, Kate, after all he has done for us, of course I have nothing to say against it, and I don't suppose you would mind if I had ; still, I do think you might have done better." " I could not have done better," Kate said hotly, " not if I had the pick of the whole colony, " " Well, not in one way. my dear, for you know that personally I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think it is a little unfortunate that - we ever knew him before." " And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate said stoutly. "If it hadn't been that he had known us before and cared for me - he says worshipped, but that's nonsense - ever since I was a child, he would never have made that terrible ride, and I-" " Oh, don't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. Well, my dear, no doubt it's all for the best," Alice said, philosophically. " At any rate, you are quite happy, and he is a noble fellow, But I hope for your sake that he won't stay in the police force. it would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there iere plenty of others left in the colony." " I told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. " I said, of course, that I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. "You little goose, as if what you say doesn't influence him." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. " My dear Whitney, I am glad to hear from you that you are engaged to be married, and the circumstances which you tell me of make It a most lnteresting affair. If I were you I should cut the constabulary. I enclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me, You know I regard you as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter." Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase for him of a partnership in the chief engineering firm in the town. When he told Captain Wilson what he had done, the latter declared that he had robbed the colony of its best police officer. Reuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would have no nonsense on the subject. " I am one of the richest men In the colony," he said, " and it's hard if I can't spend my money as I choose." There Is little more to tell. Reuben became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards sold his business and returned to England and bought an estate not for from Lewes, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied from Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon which Reuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to corme to an absolute agreement on, is as to which owes most to the other. THE END. 