FASTING IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-Your correspondent Joseph H. Durham, who undertakes to enlighten Theophilus Sydnoiensia" as to the obligation of fasting in the Church of England, appears to be somewhat in a fog himself. He tells us that the prescription of fasting elaborately set out in the Book of Common Prayer is but a state regulation for the benefit of the fisheries, and not a regulation of the church such. A state regulation on behalf of fisheries (for fish, not souls) in the one standard prayer-book of what calls itself the Church of Christ the kingdom not of this world !" Where's your correspondent's sense of the ridiculous ? Nor does his distinction hold of fasting not being an ex cathedra ordinance whatever that very Roman Catholic term may mean as applied to the Church of England. What more ex-cathedra character can it have than to have got the sanc- tion of the Anglican episcopate P Fasting is not the only regulation to be found in the prayer-book given over to breach rather than observance. The direction for confession and absolution on visitation of the sick is, and has long been under the same fate. According to Mr. Durham, an Anglican should entreuchhimself within the lines of the Articles, and maintain that whatever cannot be proved from the Bible. can have no hold on his faith or observance. This, of course, is the " good old " Protestant position, but cultivated Anglicans who have much Christianity to maintain more and more feel the need of vacating it as being too much exposed to the fire of the enemy.' Can Mr. Durham prove on the ground of Scripture alone, with anything remotely approaching the nature of proof, the doctrine of three persons in one God co- equal in power and wisdom, or of the divinity of the Holy Ghost, or of the obligation of keeping Sunday and not Saturday F I think he will find much more difficulty in doing so than even in justifying their lordships in their notorious breach of Friday's fast. I am, to., 5 BATHUBSTENSIS. The Board of Agriculture have received from the Foreign Office intimation that an Exhibition of Agriculture and Forestry will be held at Gorlitz, from the 12th to the 27th of September, in celebration the one hundred and twenty-fifth anniversary of the foundation of the Royal Agricultural Society of Gorizia British exhibitors who may desire to take part in those sections of the exhibition open to foreign manufacturers and inventors are requested to make application for space to the executive committee of the exhibition, Piasju Duojno, 8 Good, before the 1st August'. of,.'"?. 