A OURNEYRN ACROSS? SiBERIA. \- ~-.j, -.BY .JAs Ca ztrC ZroM VLAI)VOTOs' TO ASDO5i 0OI.. It was a-glorious June n.orning when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driven tothe door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtsliiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds,- ambitious apparently of out flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectablo roadstera, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour. - " TLotarantsas is i vehicle which stands next'to tho Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest fault to find with it-that might be said'of some -ood people I know who are the very salt of the earth-but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, .aind" therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. -On fair roads itis not so bad,' but on rough roads this de lectable vohicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aches. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us, as there is no 'con venience for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence during thenight, as the yemtshiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fearing robber . .n. cc son 0 or sone0i wlr tons you flying heavenwards, coining back to earth with a crash, or your turauctass lurches into a rut, and your head .is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the lire and fury of the latesit Adam.i -.Nevertheless, so great is the 'adapt ability of theiuuian trams to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleeop erysoundly, even' under the conditions of a tarantass. .djust icnt to ssurrondidings is one of the greest laws' of nature, from the'local politicinn to' the Siberian tardntuss The road led along' thie shores of VZictoria Bay.t It is an anlt'oether charminug route,. with pretty hilli aud valleys, thd.litltcrde boucling -upon tthe bay, :forest aind open land, the whale giving proimie of settlemeult in dayv to co'meb.. After a- drive of '2l'versts' "tie verat itwo-ithirds of aa mile -wtiS'came to a poje sittioii, .aid I had before the the first sample of the hundreds that lay i'frout of me. :The Russian Government has put a network: of,post routes over the faci of the icpire, and the systeinm is a splendid 'oe: for facilitating,. comrm?nuti: tion. Thed station are lot by ,contract;, tie contiactor lbeiig compelled- to keep: so .many' .troikas of horses, a troika being; a' .team of three, for.- it is a peculiarity. of 'Russian driving that they universally' have three horses inatead of pairs, as else where. :The i?intral: horse' is betweeunithe shafts, and tots: The o'ther two 'ar'attaehed to the vehicle':by- meana of ropes, and.allop or caniter,. The outside horses are traised-to gallop with their necks. bent rodnd, thelieid looking to the left and the other t6 the sight,. so that s "you sit behind they look like, two inimene, notes of interrogation. TheLpost stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15,' and the cost is fixed by the Government at from 1 to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to 'pit it so.that.it may be better understanded-of the piople I am w? riing for, you 'get. three c horses to carry you . 20 miles for a little , under half a crown, with'-the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part- of .Australia at the rate of 2s. Gd. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutak; "cast of that town the price is double.: Yet it only emphasises the greAt fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst. the difference between prices in various'countries, may be immense, the dif foerence in values may be very little. The horses are just as well fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fine. Undoubtedly yet" nothing '.to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much more; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchanging articles w;ith'high figures attached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a. hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world'where low-priced "labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate- of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia: or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the. well-being of the people. "The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity of. the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when he learned I caine from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we 'parted with high professions of esteem: Later on I found out that .the ideathst'all :Russian officers can speak another language than their cwn is an error. 'Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could. speak' nothing 'but :Russian, or, atb.est, is feiv. words of French or. German. The' best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and. and: upper classes are' concerned. are un doubtedly the' Dutbch; then`the Germans, anid after them the: Russians. When I say the Germans; I am not sure but equal with them'are ' the 'Darnes," Norwegians, and Swedes;' a'llof these surpassing far the-Latin races of eoerysdort, and tihe English- speakinig peoples everywhere. I think I have. said before,':and ifnot'I say it now, that the Ainmericansn and Australians shape to be'the worst linguisdts of the world'becausebof their isolation. - Even with the reservations I have made:about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the.o Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue 'is.fai superior- to any other nation: This m-ayanrise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner.` ":" . . Our start was us glorious weather. In the afternoon it.ivas overcast,; towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was raining tors'nts.: Tao ..wuolo_.oL.the.?meor Brsioves ccoas sei note .forwet/ no leSs than 230 days out of the year being 'rainy. It became dark as\pitch, and at last we got bogged. We had to get out and trudge along the muddy road, slipping and stumb ling as we went. Ibegan to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Miountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 50 turned out in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself furtherif I wa, quite sane when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever-they thought I was as mad as a Mlarch hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average manis a comfort loving rabbit, easily scared by discomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, hating strange food and strange beds, prepared to gush with rapture over the glories of the Himalayas, if you take him up the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if he can do it in a first-class carriage. The stay-at home shopkeeper spirits are the special bites noires of travellers, and to feel that they are right and you are ferong ispeculiarly galling to the enterprising soula who break fresh ground or depart from beaten and therefore comfortable tracks. Thus musing, with a certain bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home, as if they were in some fashion responsible for my tproubles now, I plodded on, etting more and more doigedly resolved as I uged into the mud that I wduld'not go b~ck atsny ost, but iwould see it W uro h jUsat to spits th critica A?.?- t last tha dimlights of the little toii-of: Badoliidi caine in asight;,iA.dabout iialf'pastO w0 w~iere in aheltirJor the night i-s:, -:, It was a. ?misrablepost olm s 4ofthe woraronthe swhole BSibesisi toad. There were two poly little reoma, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all, comae oft the muddy roads, the condition of the. floor may be imagined. I aseleted the east a irty apot I could fnd,. and, apreading my rng:.oit, I endeavoired to sleep. --I was not the sleepof the righteo?is. Ai .uneveai wood floor, with merely a railway rrson_ iti is not eminently conducive to comfort;. and the result was that I got' up in. the imorning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more cffec tualy than Banquo's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of n6ortings and heavy cannons of long drawn snorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off,' though they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me an a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such ciroumtances ? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, I .don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. Itwas the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together ; will some practical lover of. his species invent a machine which, when fitted toour ears, shall make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications forloans 1 That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its beauty. Rolling: hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth. We ran alongside the River Suifun part of the way, and some of'its turns and bends were exceediny lovely; and from 9ti1k'%*Fcrdilkveg onr a f conslda-hDTeoii. 'tnco from its mouth for moderate-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyncton, now beginning to be ocoupied. It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to ths average round Melbourne, and I found Smyself asking the question on this second dayl out ·from Vladivostok, which I asked :myself a hundred times before I left. Siberia; what will this country be F 'he qiuality of the soil was a revelation, the' beauty ofithe scenery a surprise, and the 'fact thatit ihas stood a solitary wildernes. alongside of China and Japan, with their creowed millions, a surprico greater still. Biefore I harve finished these paperes I shall "try to give an answer as to what Siberiai and the Atnobr Lroviudes`are likely to become. 