MANOORA COURSING. THE RUNNING. THIRD DAY. The Martindale meeting was continued on Thursday ever the same ground as on the first day. Owing to a dense fog some delay was caused at starting, but game was readily reached, and better progress was made than on previous days. All the trials were on strong bares, and some very good courses were wit nessed. The game was started by Steeltrap in a bye, but showed to disadvantage. In the stubble hares ■were numerous, and Roy ha 4 a long lead up, bat Constance lost her chance by killing too quickly. The hare favored Jean, who again kept diiviug pass inobi cleverly and won, only allowing Moyagilly a entail show. Meg Merriles and Fawn Bos; had a short no- go, and on getting away again the hue favor ing the old veteran, Rosy soon collared a victim and gained the flag. Gipsy yueen led and workect fctrougly, always keeping the higher side from Pizarro, took all the advantage, and won. To a very long slip Don led Dart, who seemed to be thrown out of stride from the slips, allowing the Don to eoore freely; Dart showed a lot of foot, and flumped fenoea cleverly, but was unable to gaia the verdict when both were lost to new. Running tbe former fivo courses in a heavy stubbly paddock a move wa3 made for the River Wake&eld; en route. Fishwife led Royal Maid out of sight, both retaining to view unsighted, but on going again Fishwife won all the way. The first brace in tbe second ties of Puppies, Futtna anil Venus, missed several chances of game, now very plen tiful,bnt a strong one was started, and Terms dis played her foot by putting up a good score, only allowing Flntina a couple of tarns ere pass reached] cover. In tbe slips out promptly O.K. led Pin Money up, and turned, when tbe slut cot in a few wrenches, but fell, leaving tbe Cranbrook dog to win easily when puss reached the hedge. A similar attempt to the first day to drive tbe harea tram the river again resulted in failure, many escaping, bat Splendor* was slipped in the same) place as previous round, this time with Tonne Electric, a dog with a screw leg, but was never an work, in a long grueller, when the plucky little white slut came in contact with a log and seemed disabled, leaving the black dog togo over the rise sod quickly gained the flag, which decision was not favorably if oeived by tbe spectators. Freedom in ber boot with Cigar won all the way on a good goer. Taking tha second ties of the Martindale Stakesa torn was made in the direction of the stables, when a very pretty lead! op was gained by Bonner from bis brother Olivae Cromwell, who did a dose-tailing task oat of sight, and the red flag booked Bonner for another round. Friday and Robin entered the slips and were led to a bare in the squat, which proved a goodtm, and Friday snowed his superiority by always keeping in front of Robin, and kffled cleverly. In the stinkwort SteeUrap and Sam Welter sighted: badly, and the Utter gained the judge's verdict easOy- Ho sooner bad tbe slipper taken charge of Boy and Jean when they were set a going by the hal wire, Jean simply drove the hare all the way from the big raky dog. Business was now brisk. Fawn Bosy and Gipsy Queen gave excbaagea,.Uie foremost doing same extol work, when she fell to pieces, leaving the black ta conquer. On the same spot Fishwife won all titan way from the Don, when the unanimous desire was to move for lunch. Unconcerned of berfate. Has Pnsa bad to go from the river to Terns and O.K. alone tbe flat, giving some advantage to the farmer, whScfi was availed of, but O.K. was not to be denied, aada> sharp straggle was ensuing, when the previous brace; of dogs chipped in and spoiled what promised to be ■ most exciting course, resulting in Venus getting another leg in. Now, near the lnnwhann, no bua troubled the next brace, and all appetites sharpened! by a most interesting monuns'B work OS good courses), full justice was done to a substantial re« past. Openingtheattemoon'epioeeedlnfslromabad: sight Freedom was too many for Young Eteetrie, win« sung all the way. Starting the thirdtlesof the Man Undale Stakes two good dogs filled the slips, and in good conrsng country the hare fa voted Banner, bob Friday came on fastly with several wrenches-and killed. From a very long unsatisfactory e?p is tfae tuaeocke, Sam Wetter and Jean were set off, bud both soon got os terms, and tfae fastest and psrkapa best course of the meeting took place, both suowms prominently in torn, but Jean fencing tba better, and displaying ber osnabslitie& f—'""C tbe spectators at the finish, was too many guns lor Sam. who came at the fimsb and kfflest bom her flock. Still in the black grass Gipsy Queen and Fishwife were seat, but tite tatteraou* down badly and allowed the Queen a good advantager which she was able to retain, but on mnfSoo?f cunning Hearing the wattles, where both were ex* «**"*g*"C when tost to view, she Sag favoring tha darkle. Tbe finals for the Puppies now entered tha sops, and tbt <nrif^m?p*: *6 nym event wis coon dfs* posed of by Venus leading Freedom, who tost ber stride, bat ran gamely and was not disgracefully beaten in ■> good tzial^ Getting on better country (he merits of Jean and! Friday were in the slip, and after a most exnMnC give and take course puss reached tbe hedge sod tha two^sgs were raised, which comddenbly damage* the chances of these two superior dogs annexing til* coveted prize. Whilst Ggwy Queen was preparing toe her bye, the Intention to set the undasded ones oft again was insisted on, and going again several harea were m\mc4 before the pair were again started, battling together bravely. Hien Jean got possession, andtodngbetteT.gotawsy?ndwon. CRnsyOneeniaa her bye alter a good bare, and after the nsual half hour entered the slips -p**" with Jean for the ft*l^* tussle, and made her owner, Mr. Bosisto, of Biwerton, the nnmd possessor of the Uartindale Stakes. Both ol the same litter by Electric—Spinner (Gipsy Queen and Venus) carried off both stakes. Although beaten to the final, Jean without doubt ran tfae best grey* hound of the meeting. It was decided to go on wio* the Uarrindale Drawn Stakes on Friday, for which 25 consented out of the 83 drawn. Start takes place aft the k oolsheas. Fourth Dat. {By Telegraph.] Jane 19. Tbe Martutdale meeting of the Manoon Coursing Club was concluded to-day, when, tha Drawn Stakes were run. One hundred speota* tors followed, and it was the best day's conns ing of the meeting, every hare being strong arid without exception grnellers. They were very numerous, some places being infestejj with game. Twenty-three courses were ma off by 2 o'clock, and the final after an interval.' Waterside, Masher, Chemist, Belle, 0.V.G., sod Hermit were drawn, starting from tha woolshed at half-past 9. The results were :— Kintore beat MnrieT-8 Ghost. Hark Tapley beat Gertie. Dreadnought a bye. Waterside draw. Mignoimtta beat Pinthon. Saxon a bye. Hasher absent. Vida a bye. Chemist drawn. Hemlock a bye. Belle absent. Cripple a bye. O.V.G. drawn. Hypatia beat Glen. Wrombrelbeat?lueligbt. Field Marshall beat HerdbeOe. Th«im? a bye. Hermit absent. Bex a bye. First Ties. Mark Tapley beat Kintore. Mignonette beat Dreadnought. Vida beat Saxon. Hemlock beat Cripple. Hypatia beat mumbret Bex beat Field Marsnan. Tbalmaa bye. Second Ties. Mark Tapley beat Mignonette.^n, VMa beat Hemlock. Bex beat Tfaalma. Hypatia a bye. Third Ties. Vida beat Mark Tapley. Hypatia beat Bex. In die deciding course Hobble's Hypatia beat YeW raid's Vtda and won. Thalma and Mark Tapley weraj disqualified for running canning. Mr. Pearse thanke* Messrs. Bowman and MorUock for ths loan of tha ground and for their assistance, and they wera heartily cheered, as were also the judge, the supper.' and the moon ted constables, and a large and success* ful meeting was brought to a conclusion. 