LOCAL AND GENERAL. Natural Death. — At the inquest yesterday morning into the cause of death of Michael Breen, a prisoner who died in gaol on Friday night, a verdict of death from natural causes was returned. Darkest Africa. — Mr. H. M. Stanley has signed an agreement with Mr. R. S. Smythe for a lecturing tour in Australia. Mrs. Stanley will accompany her husband. The Races.— The settling over yes terday's meeting took place last night at the Royal Hotel, and passed olf in the usual highly satisfactory manner of Bathurst payings and receivings. Jacicson and Corbett.— -The Call- . fornia Athletic Club have decided to give Peter Jackson and James Corbett : £500 each, and to offer a purse of £1500 for them to fight again. The purse hung up for the battle, which resulted in a draw, was £2000. Butter Factory. — The proposal to establish a butter factory at O'C.onnell has been warmly received by residents of the district, and nearly all the shares, it is intended to allot are already applied for. It is thought the necessary plant can bo purchased and erected and a start made for considerably less than £1000. Tired of Life at Nevertire.— A carrier named Mullins ate a hearty breakfast at the Ingar hotel, Nevertire, on Saturday the 9th inst, then went to a store, bought a rope, and proceeded to the vicinity of tho Government tank, and hanged himself. He had only been six months in the colony. He must have struggled terribly for when discovered one of his legs was cast over his head and bent across the fatal cord. ; Hii* ! Hip I — At a meeting at Bal larat three cheers were called for Jesus; At a gathering in Sydney three cheers were called for Captain Cook. At the next meeting in Cobnr (writes the Herald ) three groans ought to :be given for Adam because his wife stole apples, and thereby introduced labor into the world. At the next Bourko flood some of the refugees on board a steamer, ought to cheer for that festive old navigator Noah. The Taisi.es Turned. — Inspector Ahern, sen., policc inspector of the central Queensland district . wired on Friday that the free ' shearers and i laborers at Corecna station struck work at the woolshed the previous day on account of the manager having engaged two union men. The manger dismissed them and the free laborers then resumed work. It has transpired that the free men declined to- allow any more unionists to work until the union leaders concede the freedom of contract. Druid's Annual Social. — The i thirteenth annual social in connection I with the Bathurst branch of the Druid's i order was held last night in the Masonic Hall, aud passed of with great eclat. In the evening a procession of the brother hood, numbering GO, and headed byBro. H. Witts, O.G., with Bros. Green and Phall, as marshalls, paraded the streets with torchlights to the strains of music by the Bathurst District Band. Dancing was commenced at half-past 8 o'clock, fully 75 couples tripping the light fan tastic toe till an advanced hour this morning. ? ;- MaccabeV Entertainment. — The j School of Arts Hall was crowded last night when Fred Maccabe, the inimitable j mimic and ventriloquist, gave one of his entertainments which according to tho evergreen Fred bids dull care begone. Maccabe is beginning to fall into the sere and yellow, but his versatility is as green as ever and he managed, us.hc generally docs, in sending his audience home in ithe very best of humor. Maccabe was assisted in his entertain ment by Mddle. Minnia and his pianist who filled up the gaps to excellent ad vantage. ' Yankee,' Orange. — You're no Yankee. Sign your letter like a man when . next you write to a newspaper. Do yon know the difference in time be tween San Francisco and Sydney, and which way that difference operates on' their day and ours ? A full account of the Jackson-Corhett fight appeared in the Advocate yesterday. Jackson has been training on whiskey, and as a con sequence was very much off color. Slavin and Goddard will beat him badly if they meet. On performances Slavin should beat Corbett inside ten rounds. A Bad Man. — A party by the name of Walker, alias Mehl, by no means mehly-mouthed, judging by the language Constable Greenaway charged him with using in Ilowick -street on Sunday night, appeared beforo Mr. Dulhunty yesterday morning to explain why he was riotous and to account for the indecent 'English which he had thrown into space that evening, in spite of a caution previously given by Sergeant Morris. His explana tion being deemed insufficient the bench ordered him to contribute forty shillings towards the replenishing of Mr. McMillan's empty cash box. A Scotty Lady. — When Ellen Scott looks upon the wine when it is red and takes a little of the same or any other strong liquor for her stomach's sake she becomes, according to Constable Gal lagher. who arrested her on Sunday, a raging maniac and a human tigress. She was discharged from gaol on Saturday morning and provided with a pass to Sydney, but Ellen got tampering with the enemy and had to be placed in the 1 cells for safe keeping. Sergeant Morris undertook to partially guarantee that she would hie to the gay metropolis by the first train, and Mr. Dulhunty decided to afford her the opportunity. Ellen was therefore discharged. Played Out. — The Cobar Herald writes.:— This threatening letter business is about played out. Parkes should publish a collection of the dynamitard missives he has received during his career.' It would form an interesting addendum to the ' letters from dis tinguished persons ' which lie has in liis. possession. The Kiama Ghost may be revered an account of its venerable antiquity, but then latter lucubrations show the magnum ojius of Parkes, the Educution Act is, in some respects, at least a ghastly failure. A Disappointment.— A rather sense less joke has been perpetrated upon the local police who for seven days past have been raking the lagoon in search of some lost cheques said to have beon thrown in at a.particular spot by the robber of the Trundle mail bags. On Thursday morn ing Senior-Constable Purcell and Con stable Hamilton were still prosecuting their search for the missing cheques, when (says Forbes Times ) the first named officer's heart beat high as he landed a small paper parcel attached to the lines of his rake. It was just the size that wouid correspond with the papers they wanted, and on being opened there were, to a dead certainty, two cheques. But — there is always a but — they were drawn on the City Bank, Careoar ; one was drawn for £100 in favor of ' Senior-Constable Purcell for his energy in raking the lagoon,' the other being for £50 payable to Constable Hamilton for similar services. Both the cheques were signed ' George Whybrow, pickle merchant.' 