AQUATICS. Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club. The first race of this recently-formed sailing club was sailed yesterday afternoon, for prizes of £5, £2, and £1, being first, second, and third respectively. The course, a triangular one, was from a flying start from a boat moored 0ff Clark Island, round a flagboat off Taylor Bay, thence round Shark Island and back to flagboat off Clark Island, three tunes round, a distance of about nine miles. The craft entered, with their handicaps, were as follows: -Kanna- nook, 26ft, Lottie, 24ft, and Regina, 24ft., scratch; Our Tom, 24ft, 2 minutes , Ghost 24ft, 3 minutes , and Violet, 24ft, 3½ minutes. The Foy system of starting was adopted for this event, which is that the limit boats are despatched first, and the others as their time expire. With this club it is expected that the coompeting craft shall carry coloured sails, but at present they have not been obtained, with the excep- tion of the Kannanook, which carried the orthodox colours, and looked vary well. With the exception of Our Tom and Ghost, the others entered came to the scratch, and were despatched by Mr W Fitz- henry, as follows: - Violet, with a balloon jib boomed out, for the run down to Taylor Bay. After the lapse of 3½ minutes the rest of the fleet got away in the following order, viz. , Lottie, Regina, and Kannanook, the Violet and Regina carrying topsails. The breeze at the time was blow- ing moderately from about SSW, the tide being flood. The scratch boats followed the example of the Violet and boomed out their balloon jibs, and the boat off Taylor Bay was rounded in the same order. Sheets were here hauled aft and balloon jibs taken in for the beat to Shark Island, the gap being perceptibly decreased before round- ing this place, eaoh boat cracking on as much as possible to overtake the leading boat. From Clark Island, balloon jibs were again called into requisition for the run down to Taylor Bay, the orderi being still the same, with the exception that the Violet was being slowly but surely overhauled. While on the beat to Shark Island the Lottie overhauled and passed the Violet, while the Regina had come up almost level with her. The Kannanook shortly after carried away her peak-halyards and had to retire. Lottie still led, while the Regina and Violet made a good race of it to the boat off Clark Island, which was jibed round by them together, both having previously set balloon jibs, which were boomed out by each for the final run to Taylor Bay. Regina, however, passed her opponent before reaching the boat, the order then being Lottie, Regina, and Violet. These positions were maintained round Shark Island, where the two latter boats again set their balloon jibs for the lead to the finish, which was passed as follows: -Lottie at 4h. 31m., Regina at 4h. 31m. 30s., and Violet at 4h. 32m. Thus the prizes have been won as above, and the boats were sailed by Messrs. C. P. McConville, G. Parrett, and G. Holmes, jun., respectively. A number of spec- tators were on Clark Island, and appeared to be very interested in the proceedings. 