NEWMAN'S CREDULITY. Dr. Abbott's new book, Philomythus, has given rise to a somewhat embittered contro- versy. The author makes a sharp attack upon Cardinal Newman's "Essay on Eccle- siastical Miracles," and, by an inevitable implication, upon Newman's character for truthfulness. Thiis last charge Dr. Abbott warmly deprecates, but, neverthelees, he has incurred the wrath of many of Newman's admirers. Here we think, he is "deceiving himself," as he so frequently accuses Newman of doing, for the reader will, according to his bias, either indignantly cast down the book as an unprovoked assault upon a great and good man, or will rise from its perusal with a much lowered opinion of the late Cardinal. It is not easy to call a man's arguments sophistical without inferring that he is a sophist. It is not easy to draw the line between showing that a very intelligent person is an admirer and retailer of false statements, and saying that he is consciously uttering what he knows, or, if he took the trouble to inquire, might easily know to be untrue. By many of his admirers, both Romanists and others, Newman seems to be regarded as a kind of sacrosant personage, of whom it is profane to speak disrespectfully or even critically. But this is a sadly irrev- erent age, and no man can expect his idols to be safe from the attack of the iconoclast, or at least from the curiosity of the scientific investigator. Milman tells us how the Christian populace of Alexandria, headed by the soldiers of Theodosius, burst into the temple of Serapis. When they came into the presence of the vast idol that had long been an object of rever- ence, "it struck awe into the hearts of the Christians themselves, they stood silent, inactive, trembling." At last a daring soldier climbe dup the form of the huge image and clove the sacred head with his axe. No thunder or earthquake followed, but as the head fell asunder a large colony of rats, disturbed from their peaceful abode, ran about on all sides." Awe-struck alarm was conver- ted into peais of laughter, and the idol was soon broken into a thousand pieces. Pro- bably many worshippers of Serapis remained unconvinced, and were made very angry. We are, however, reminded of this story when we see some of Newman's carefully constructed arguments falling to ruin beneath Dr. Abbott's vigorous strokes. They were supposed to contain something very precious; we may now see what is really inside them. There are plenty of readers who could never themselves have crumbled up a neat compac- ted fallacy, but who, when once it is exposed for them, can appreciate its true value, and will not be deceived by it again. For many of Dr. Abbott's opinions we have no more liking than we have for those of Cardinal Newman. He has written much that we deem both pernicious and false. Even in the present work he cannot refrain from some expressions about Scripture miracles to which we take strong exception. But he is a keen assailant, and he always makes his subject interesting. His relentless display of New- man's abject credulity, his detection of New- man's methods of reasoning, the manner in which he lays bare numerous fallacies, veiled as they usually are in triple folds of graceful language — all this may well exasperate devout admirers; whilst less prejudiced readers will welcome the refutation of state- ments which only specialists can have know- ledge or dialectical skill to examine adequa- tely. Thus, many persons who may have in general little sympathy with either disputant will read this book with pleasure. In fact, a good Protestant may regard this controversy with much the same composure — we might almost say complacency — with which a mem- ber seated on the Ministerial benches may be supposed to look on at a violent quarrel between two leaders of different groups of the Opposition. The question, "When did miracles cease" in the Early Church, has always been one of much interest. The answer, seems to be that they ceased when the last person died whom Apostolic laws, in the name of the Holy Ghost; had invested with the miracle-working power. Since St. John is generally said to have died about A.D. 100, this brings us down to the latter part of the second century. Accordingly, Irenæus, who died about 200, speaks of his having seen miracles, but aays nothing of his having wrought them. Later Fathers frankly discuss the question, admit the disappearance of the gift, and give the obvious reason for it. "Argue not," says Chrysostom, "that because miracles do not happen now they did not happen then. In those days they were profitable, and now they are not." By the end of the second century the infant Church was, so to speak, firmly set on her feet, and no longer required those supernatural helps and testimonies. They had been graciously granted in the days of her early weakness, and that was enough. The truth was now spread throughout the greater part of the civilised world. Evidence to the elevating and purifying work of the Gospel in men's hearts and lives abounded everywhere. Above all, the Books of the New Testament were in all men's hands, and received and read in all the churches. The historical record, of the miracles of our Lord and of His apostles was the subject of every Christian's preaching and meditation. But, asks Newman triumphantly to the Protestant who believes in the Gospel miracles — and this is one of his main points —"What God has done once is He not likely to do again?" His own "Fathers" answer him by reference to special times and discernible purpose. Without daring for a moment to limit the Divine power, we say that what was neces- sary and beneficial in the first or second century is so no longer in the sixth or the nineteenth. We might as well say that because God sent a snowstorm upon London in February He is "likely" to send one upon Rome in July. Besides, did not St. Pal uin that famous thirteenth chapter of his first letter to the Corinthians prophesy that these miraculous gifts should cease, because they were, so to speak, the picture- books of the Church's children? Pope Gregory even puts it plainly, "Mira- cles, we may say, were necessary in the beginning of the Church, just as when we plant shrubs we water them till they seem to thrive in the ground, and as soon as they are well rooted we cease our irrigation." It would he hard to improve upon this simile, yet it was during this very period that some of Newman's favourite "ecclesiastical mira- cles" are recorded as having taken place. The "Fathers" were abundantly credulous, and had their weaker as well as their wiser moments. Hence, in spite of the above testi- monies, to which many more might be added, they often welcomed as "miraculous," inci- dents easily explained by natural causes, or the products of downright imposture. New- man admits this. He declares, with a fine assumption of candour, that "most" of the so-called Church miracles were no miracles at all, thus giving to those which he supports an appearance of being the subjects of closer investigation and of better evidence than others. He throws over the less precious part of the cargo to give greater safety to the remainder. Moreover, be concedes that many which he esteems as genuine miracles were often "wrought with no apparent reason," and that they are frequently even "grotes- que and ridicnlous," in strong contrast to the Gospel miracles, which are, as he truly says, always wrought with serious purpose, and are "grave, simple, majestic." Why then, it may be asked, write a book to maintain them? The reason is obvious. The Church of Rome is bound to these legends, and declares that she possesses the same power still. She offers this as a proof of her divine origin and of her claim to be the one sole representative of the Church founded by the Apostles. Thus, Newman professes his belief in the liquefaction of the blood of St. Januarius and in the Winking Madonnas; we presume also in the alleged miracles at Lourdes and at Knock. No Protestant Church can produce such evidenoe of its mission, therefore — but his inference is obvious! Most miserable of all men should we be if we depended for our conviction of the abiding presence of Christ in His Church upon evidences such as these. "Hos tibi erunt artes" we may say to the Rome of the Papacy. Ours, thank God, are different. The English Protestant appeals not to Wink- ing Virgins or liquefied blood, but to an open Bible, fearlessly and diligently placed in all men's hands, to missions widely expanding over the whole earth, to Christian labours in the vilest slums of our great cities, to three centuries of ever progressive light and know- ledge granted to us since, by God's mercy, we cast off the yoke of Rome.— Rock. 