'JA. BURNING AND A SHINING LIGHT." A SERMON PREACHED BEFORE THE BIBLE CHBI3TIAN CONFERENCE BY BEV. 0. LAKE. John the Baptist is a fitting personage to give the prelude to the great drama o£ Christianity. Standing between two dispensations he exhibited features that were common to both. He came in the spirit and power of Elijah. Elijah is the typical prophet and the prototype of John. They were kindred souls. Both were ascetics, more familiar with deserts than courts and crowds. They are both men of sterling courage, not afraid to attack sin in the highest places. Elijah rebuked the covetous and idolatrous Ahab, and John denounced the incestuous Herod. Each had to bear the penalty of his faithfulness, and only miraculous intervention saved Elijah from a fate as sanguinary as that which closed the career of John. But John was more than a prophet. He felt the grandeur of a present hitherto unknown in the days of Israel's degeneracy. The early splendours of Messiah's reign gladdened his sight. He was the friend of the Bridegroom and heard the music of his voice. He knew the kingdom of heaven had come to earth, a kingdom that would one day have all men for its subjects, saving and blessing every soul that submitted to its sway. There are few lives in Bible story more fall of interest than that of John the Baptist. His birth takes us into the realm of miracle. His boyhood and early manhood appeal strongly to our imagination. The ascetic has always an advantage in preaching otherworldliness, and John presents all that is best in hermit or monk. The wizardry of public speech has few examples that •will compare with John's success as an orator. In ' camp and court, from farm and town ; priests, soldiers, and common people crowded to his ministry and submitted to his ritual. His death has helped to the death of all tyrannies, and the world reads still the record of his murder and learns what despots may do. Christ's eulogy of His great forerunner is the loftiest praise that lie found it possible to utter of any of His contemporaries. Listen while He chides the ficklc Jews, who were willing for a time, oh, how brief a time ! to rejoice in John's light. ' What went ye out into the wilderness to behold ? A reed shaken with the wind ? popular favor ? But what went ye out for to see? A man A pliant man, a man who bowed to every breeze of clothed in soft raiment ?' A tailor-made man, a man whose coat is richer than his character. You should have gone to the court of Herod for that type of man. But wherefore went ye out ? To see a prophet ? Yea, I say unto you and more than a prophet. He was in the very front rank of those great ones that are of women born. If you would find a greater you must look among the angels. ' And yet—and yet!' Christ will not have us forget even here that goodness is more than greatness, and that God's loving rule established in the soul is more than bravery, and abstemiousness, and prophecy if those qualities are not allied with righteousness, peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. ' Yet he that is least in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he.' John the Baptist displays the four indispensable marks of the social reformer, There was (1.) An un- affected hatred of wrong. He reproved sin in the most unsparing and particular manner. And he did tbi3 without respect of persons. He did not denounce royal and aristocratic siuners and flatter the democracy by extenuating their transgressions of the Divine Jaw. Neither did lie wink at the sins of those iu high places and drag into the light of day the vices of the working people. He neither feared nor flattered the masses nor the classes. How thoroughly he understood the moral diseases of his time. Before this recluse of the Judean desert the soldiers stood unveiled. He knew everything aoout their loot and butchery. He knew the tax gatherers with their false assessments and extortion. To the multitude he preached a communism that startled their warring greed. The hollowness of the form of godliness that the Pharisee exhibited and the loveless, sensual creel of the Sadducee came in for his scathing rebukes. He knew the vices of his times and burned towards them with 'hate of hate.' This is the typical reformer for every age. He must know men. He must know their deviations from the perfect way. Better than newspaper writer, or politician, or novelist the preacher should understand those forces that obliterate the image of God from the souls of men and women. Every place where Satan's seat is he should find means to explore. The artist does, until his can vas is lurid with the very fire of hell. The politician does, and safeguards society against unsparing wickedness. Our statute book shows the sin that is rampant in society, sin that all the machinery of law exists to detect, prevent, repress and punish. The newspaper editor knows the sort of world we live in. The realistic novel is only exceeded in ghastliness by the life it rashly unmasks. The preacher of the gospel should know the workers of iniquity better than any of them and hate and exprse and resist them more uncompromisingly than they all. (2.) John had a loving heart as well as an exacting conscience. He had a vivid moral sense, but he had in pre-eminent degree the love that never faileth. His was the voice of one crying in the wilderness but the accents were sweet enough to have come from Eden. He called upon his countrymen to repent, to quit their sins. He spoke distinctly of remission. There was a way of return to God, the prodigal would be welcomed when he came back. It is true he showed the gleaming axe of retribution but it was only to those who brought forth no fruits of repentance Those whose reforms were sentimental; those who prided themselves on their religious ancestry ; that viperous brooi that had changed the very truth of God into a lie, to them he spoke of a wrath that should scorch like fire. But beneath this flashing ' scorn of scorn and hate of hate' for all that was mean and putrid, he cherished a yearning, helpful love for those who hungered and thirsted after better things. The reformer without love is nothing. The agriculturist working without sunshine would be just as likely to succeed. The flowers and grain and fruits want other aids to reach perfection, but garden and field fail utterly without the sunshine. And with; out the sunshine of love oratory fails to charm, prophecy fails to staitli and alms-giving becomes a doubtful benefit. But love never faileth, and men and women who are deficient in oratorical grace, in brilliant learning, in stores of silver and gold, having love, have the prime qualification for Christian service, and often exercise a ministry that startles the world with its suc cess. - ... (3.) But the hall mark of the model reformer is unswerving loyalty to Jesns Christ. Ha declared Christ "to be antecedent to all others. ' He was before me.' John .felt himself to le a voice that would soon be silent, but Jesus was ' that wisdom that was set up from everlasting, from the beginning, or ever the earth was.' John believed that he and the long procession of prophets drew their light and authority from Christ. *0i His fulness have all we received and grace ftr grace.' He is the primal fountain, Wo are the drops. He is the central Sun, we are the rays. The holy men of old started out responsive to His call and whom He called He sustainetli. John saw in Christ what the most devoted Jew could not finl in Moses. 4 The law was given by MOBOS, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.' Sion is more than Sinai. Christianity is more than a system of ethics. It iB not an improved Judaism. It is a diviner and more complete religious order. It is the mission of God the Son, not the servant, however trusted and honoured that servant may be. It is not ' a plan of salvation' but the advent of a person who is Himself the Way, the Truth, the Life. Mosaism said • Do this and thou shalt live,' but it knew nothing of grace for the lapsed and lost. Christ began by giving men life; and pardoned, healed and quickened, they want fortli to follow the Lamb. But to John the crowning distinction of Christ's evangel would be its manifestation of God. 'No man hath seen God at any time. We are ambassadors that have never seen the King.' Moses was denied that sight. To the most privilege! law-giver and the most gifted seer He had remained the Iviug invisible. But Christ had dwelt in His bosom and knew all his mind. Christ has shown us the Father, and the spirituality of the race is accepting that presentment and calling it' Lord and God,' In his loyalty to Christ let John be our pattern. That path will lead our lives to power and blessing. I do not deny that some good may be done where Christ is ignored or opposed. Christ uses His enemies in working out his beneficent purposes, and makes them build better than they know. But to be consciously in union with those reserve 1 ? ^ p^wpr in heaven and in earth that are given to our blessed Lord should be our profoundest inspiration, and our witness to Him should be eager and loyal and clear. In self-effacement and loyalty to Christ we shall find not only our efficiency but our true dignity. And loyalty to Christ is loyalty to the highest interests of men. How little the Johnlike man thinks of self. The greatest natures arc greatest in their self-abnegation. In the brightening of other lives, in the removal of human sorrow and degradation they find their sufficient reward. John knew his to be a waning light. He foresaw the glory of Christ would be an ever increasing splendour. But was he not His herald ? Was he not preparing His way ? Was he not arousing his countrymen to the greatness of their opportunity 1 Was he not the friend of this divine Lover and Bridegroom of the human race i It was reward enough for him to assist in any wiay at those holy nuptials between Christ and His Bride. Those offices were his wages and the fulfilment of his joy. ' Glory cf warrior, glory of orator, glory of song, Paid with a voice flying by to be lost on an endless sea, Glory of virtue to fight, to struggle, to right the wrong. Nay, but she aimed not at glory, no lover of glory she : Give her the glory of going on and still to be.' (4.) John has the quenchless hope of the true reformer. Hear him chanting Isaiah's sublime prophecy. Every valley shall he filled. Those deep ravines whence the shadows are never chased, where the serpent hisses and the wild beast finds its lair, these shall be exalted. Sensually, ignorance and poverty shall be attacked in their very homes and their vile breeding grounds shall be destroyed. That is the essential difference between Christ's method and every other, It is radical, it goes to the very causes of things. There is no tampering with effects. It does not propose the formation of a vast ambulance corps : it proposes to stop the war. Mr. Booth thinks he has discovered a way out of England's darkest valley. Applied Christianity would fill the valley. It would stop the drink traffic, it would crowd the school, it would ordain the just distribution of the nation's wealth. Every mountain and hill shall be brought low. Those substantial tyrannies that look firm as the mountains, enduring as the hills, shall ciumble at His touch. Christ will level down as well as level up. We ought to hasten to get rid of the New Testament if we would check this rising tide of humanitarianism. Wherever unholy power lifts itself up and vaunts itself it has to rcckon with Christ. None will be permitted to shadow and darken the lives of others in that social order that Christ will one day establish. Pride and greed and insolent ambition shall be brought low. If kings and capitalists, if individuals and leagues, that trample on the rights of others were only wise they would read the signs of the times and kiss the Son lest .He be angry with them and they perish from the way. The crooked shall be made straight. All that is sinuous in social, political, commercial, aye an! in Church life too, shall be straightened out. The age3 shall march to the measure of righteousness. The rough shall be made smooth. Human life is j et a rough and weary road. It is too like Stanley's march through the forests of Africa. The shiuing table lands are reached through hunger, danger and gloom. But surely as civilization shall smite that African forest, and drain and traverse it with road and railway, so surely shall Christ make smooth the path of human progress and the advance of humanity shall be happy and fleet. All flesh shall seethe salvation of God, Christ will secure the world's attention, convince the world's jadgment, win the world's heart, pacify the world's conscience, direct the world's .activities, and in that day its light will have come and the glory of the Lord will have risen upon it. A nd who shall declare there are no signs of the coming day ? Christ's winnowing fan is stirring our poisoned atmosphere. It has recently sent a blizzard through English politics that must help to sweeten public life throughout the emnire. Christ's ringing axs is at work, and every upas tree in the forest of human li r e is marked for destruction. The fires of retribution flame on and are burning up the chaff. Bat the wheat is large aud Ea!e and clean and garnered. Deduction is incidental : salvation is the mission o£ the Christ, He overturns that He may build up ; He uproots that He may plant. By the very flare of those fires that burn up the wcrks of the devil the world shall read of Christ's ultimate purpose of salvation. ' For God sent not His Son into the world to judge the world ; but that the world should be saved through Him.' In parting with the great Baptist I want to re-echo this word of his, a word that speaks of a service in which all and each of us can bear a part. ' Make ye ready the way of the Lord. Malie His 2>oths straight.'' Brawn an t brain can assist in this undertaking. The merchant may become the missionary. The scholar can with the kej r of knowledge open new realms to the people of God's choice. By framing such laws as make it easy to do right and difficult to do wrong, the politician can prepare tor the reign of Christ on earth. The tiller of the soil can assist in cultivating that larger field which is the world, and gather truits unto "eternal lite. But while the gifted engineer may plan the road, the canal, the railway, it is the army of strong and willing hands that carry his purpose into accomplished fact. This is the modern meaning of the ancient call,—' Ye the men of Christendom, feel yourselves to be all a royal priesthood consecrated by Christ to this mission of saving society ! Ye—the women of to- day; there are obstacles that only you can remove from the path of the Christ 1' His name should be to w'omanho?d the Name that is above every name, for to no other can you owe so much. I know nothing that augurs better for the future than the awakening interest of women in those great ends for which our Saviour lived and died. And we must enlist the children. We must preach another crusade. In the home, in the playground, in the Echool will you dear children seek to prepare His way? By kindness, by purity, by obedience, by truthfulness you can prepare for his coming. He wants your fresh young hearts and He wants your sweet hosannas to attend bis triumphal march. And be sure of this, when the way is prepared and the path made straight, our King will come. Where, how: no man knoweth, no, not even the angels of God. But this we know, that every portion of territory won for Him, every conversion, every consecrated life, every added voice to the ceaseless litany,' Come Lord Jesus, come quickly,' increases the force that will speedily draw Him to the side of HiB Bride. Oh, how soon He will come to some of you 1 There is One among you whose voice you know, whoBe touch you have felt, and soon He will unveil His beauty and snatch you away to His rest. Meanwhile we go to our tasks with the certainty that the earth's future is one of progress, and while it is our responsibility to contribute to that progress we are always upheld by the faith that our labour cannot be in vain. 