LETTERS ON ANGLICAN ORDERS. Lettkb I. These letters were written to" an Anglican friend, and I think they may interest the readers of The Southern Cross.—T.D. My dear Friend—Tou say that you believe Anglican orders to be valid, and that, therefore, yon are justified in remaining in the Church of England. I maintain, however, 'that even were the orders of undoubted validity you would endanger your salvation by remaining outside of the One Fold of the One Shepherd. Valid orders are not a note -of the church, nor does their possession ensure those who have them being in the Catholic Church. The question of orders is quite a secondary one, added by acci dent to the main question about the heresy and schism of the Anglican Church. JuBt as an individual may be stamped with that character of the priesthood which eternity itself is powerless to efface, and yet may fall away, and have no more right to be considered formally a child of the Church of God than the veriest Pagan, so may bodies of men. It iB worth noting.that hardly one of the early heresies and schisms lacked valid orders, and when you realise how terrible it is for those in wilful schism to approach the sacraments, and thus trample under foot the blood of Our Lord, 1 think you will agree that they would have been better without them. The Nestorians, ArianB, and Donatists had valid orders, and yet what orthodox man would have com forted them with the fact. Alas, not only have valid orders been found in heretical sects, but consecrated priests are to be found in the everlasting prison house of hell. Even if an Anglican had real priests and real sacraments, he is no more fit to approach these sacramentB while he persists knowingly in heresy and schism than he would be were he living in adultery ; indeed, adultery is a less sin than ' Heresy. Remember that if the modern Ritualist has valid orders, and really consecrates, the body and blood of Christ, so did the careless and faithless parson of the eighteenth century, and so does every Anglican clergyman, be he high, or low, or broad ; so, too, did those who lived at the end of the sixteenth century, when we are told that " for near upon a hundred years the communion service of the Church of England was cele brated at a common table in the middle of the church or chancel, while those who received stood or sat at their pleasure, and ministers with no pretence to episcopal ordination were not excluded from its administration, who preferred to use a common plate and cup, instead of the chalice and paten of Catholic times; and who cut up the vestments of the old religion into gowns and bodices for their wives. * A.M. 18. I have said that Arians, Nestorians, Donatists, and nearly all the ancient heretical bodies possessed valid orders, and yet St. Augustine, writing to the Donatists, whose only sin consisted in refusing to listen to the voice of Peter, says—" All the Sacraments of Christ are' received not to Balvation but to condemnation, when without the charity of the unity of Christ," f and again—" Outside the Catholic Church the schismatical bishop can have everything except salvation ; he he can have honor, he can hare the sacrament, he can believe the gospel, he can both have and preach the faith, but nowhere except in the Catholic Church can he have salvation and speaking of the Donatists, he says—"When any such join the Catholic Church, they receive the root of charity in the society of unity, in order that the sacraments of , *See Fronde's " History of England," roh viil, p. 93, and Green's "History of the English People," p. 371. t S. Aug. " Contra Letteras' Petiliana,': .lib. iii.,c. i. - . $" Gaume" lx;j p. 9417, truth 'which they possess before may be i held unto their deliverance and not to their ' damnation," § and St. Cyprian teaches that "not even .martyrdom will avail to win salvation for those who are, through their own fault, outside the Church." I have said this much to show you that the question of the validity of Anglican orders is not the fundamental question on which your salvation depends; it is but a side issue. True, valid orders are found in the true Church, but a Catholic priest has no more need to prove the validity of his orders than has a man in good health to assure himself that he is alive by testing the circulation of his blood. Let me beg you, therefore, to keep your mind fixed on the all-important question, whether you are or are not in the Church established on earth by our Lord and indwelt by the Holy Ghost ? It is a visible Church having a visible Head. _ It is one, holy, Catholic, and apostolic, the pillar and ground of the truth, and against it the gates of hell will never prevail. If you are in the ark of salvation you are safe, but if out of it neither valid orders nor any other raft you may devise will avail to sail you against the deluge assaults of Satan and eternal perdition. Had you lived in the days of Noah you would not have been saved from the flood outside the ark, even had yon constructed a raft of gopher wood, and been able to plead that it formed part of the material originally intended for the structure of the ark, nor would it have availed you to say that Noah had done wrong in cutting it off from the ark. Neither are you safe outside the bark of Peter, even if you have valid orders (which you have not), and even though you complain that your forefathers were wrong in severing the Church of England from the unity of the Catholic Church. I have said this to show you that the question of the validity of orders is but a aide issue, not a funda mental question; indeed, for those who believe in the deity of Christ there seems to be but one fundamental question, and that is, where is the Church established by Him and indwelt by the Holy Ghost, that Church which was to be the teacher of nations, the mouth-piece of God, against which the gates of hell should never prevail ? To find that Church, and, having found her, to believe what she teaches, seems to me the logical outcome of belief in Him who founded her. Having told you that I do not consider the question of orders as one of primary importance, I will proceed to state the reasons which convince me that Anglican orders are not valid. There is one fact which has great weight in convincing me that Anglican orders are very doubtful, and that is that though the Church teaches that to reiterate the sacrament of orders is sacrilege, she yet ordains all Anglican clergymen who wish to become priests ; still, to you who do not yet believe in the Divine mission of the Church, I will adduce proofs of a different order. Anglican orders are considered null and void, both on account of the Bacramental form in that sect having been vitiated, and on account of the interruption of the episcopal succession; and when to this is added the viewB and opinions of the reformers, and the uncertainty of baptism in the Church of England, you will, I am sure, admit that it is, to say the least of it, extremely unlikely that valid orders should have survived. It will, I think, be easy to prove to you that the leaders of the English Reformation hated and despised the Holy Sacrifice, trampled under foot the Blessed Eucharist, and utterly rejected the Sacrament of Order. They ripped up and put to death and. disembowelled all " massing priests," and determined to purge the country of all " superstition " and supernaturalism, and establish in its place a " rational religion " watched over by State officials, who should " minister to the people the Word of God." Oranmer was both clever and crafty, and he knew that the best and surest way to effect his purpose was to vitiate the ordinal. That he did this, and thus rendered Anglican orders null and void, and that Barlow, the father of the present episcopate, was himself unconsect-ated, will, I hope, be made clear in the following letters. I remain, yours truly, T. D. § " Epistola lzi. ad Theodorium Episcopam. 