THE SPECTRE CAPTAIN. Queer Acts of a Ghost Which Haunts a Steamer in Brooklyn Basin. "I'll never go out near the old Taber again," said a well-known boatman of East Oakland one Sunday aa he looked towards tho black hulk of the steamship William Taber, which lies near the Oakland estuary. " Why not ?" Why, because she is haunted. Last Eight I wa3 out with a party, and Iran my boat in under the stern of the old ship. As we earns around on the starboard eide of the vessel some one halloed, " Who comes there ? Back water quick or I will shoot." I looked up, but saw no one. Withme were two ladies and gentlemen, guests from Tubbs' Hotel. They heard the voice, but, like myself, were unable to see any one. " The ladlea were badly frightened, and begged me to pull away. I was about to do eo, when the watchman on the ship looked over the gangway and wanted to know what was up. "' Is it you people that is making that noise down there ?' queried the old fellow. 'If it is, you had better steer way, becauee I have heard noises enough on this ship to night without you people coming along and making any more.'" A WHITE-BOBED FIOTTBE. Continuing his story, the beatman said: " I pulled away to the shore, and as we cleared the ship I saw a white robed figure on the bridge. It was that of an elderly man. He had a flowing white beard, and was directing the helmsman by hand signals. I saw as plain as conld be the spreotremo-. tioning to starboard, port, steady, etc., and occasionally he would put down his hand as if to null the slow down or back hell in the engine room. No bell responded, but the figure on the bridge went through all the motions. Aft at the gangway stood the . watchman, and in the sheen of the moon light I saw the watohman of the steamer* His face was blanched and he called us back. The ladies in the boat were terror-stricken and insisted upon my rowing to the shore, I had no alternative but to comply. By the time I landed them the tide was flooding, and,althongh I wanted to go oat to the" vessel, I concluded to wait until morning rather than row against the tide." This in substance was the story told by Old Bob, tho well-known boatman in the Brooklyn Basin. The man ia noted for his sobriety, and his story to the i ILet that there is a spectre captain on the old Taber is confirmed by a number of canoeists who row on that portion of the bay known as Brooklyn cstuarv. They s!i claim to have Bfen the "old man on the bridge," and are positive that it ia not the watchman of the ship. The old steamer- is full of legend, and to enumeratethem all would be almost impos sible. ■THE VESSEL'S BIST.RT. Something like 10 years ago the etsamEhip William Taber was drawn up through the drawbridgeof Oakland Creek. The vessel is one of the old time steam ship.i. She iB a side-wheel steamer, and when first put in the coast trade ran in opposition to the Goodall-Perkins steamers. In this mission she proved a formidable rival, inasmuch aa she carried passengers and freight at such a reduction as to appal the owners of the regu lar-steamers. - The consequence was that the - old Taber got all the business, and passengers going to coaskports laid over in order .to ride on the vesEel. , The regular steamers charged 20 dollars to Victoria and Seattle, while the opposition carried passengers to the same ports for five dollars steerage and 10 dollars cabin. The result was that the rival companies made a pool, and contracted to psy Hha owners 5000 dollars a month to tie the ship up. The contract was to run 15 yearis, and since then the old vessel has been tiidi.p. The copper on her bull is mouldcd and grt.... The woodwork of the bulwarks isdcc3ji;>j.-, but the engines and fire boxes are in perictt trim, and the old ship can be fired up on a few hours notice, and put into service.-At thesaraetime the people of EistOiklBnd think the William Taber . is haunted, end if. she ever goes to sea again thsy will not riShr on her. 