OUK AMERICAN LETTER EVERY ITEM OF INTEREST. The ttauta'm-Weight Buttle. GRIFFO REI'OltTED AS WHIPPED. Fitzsiiuiiions and Jliu Hull, SLAVIN AND CHARLEY MITCHELL. News of Peter Jackson. . San Fb'ancisco, August 10. Tho battlo of tbo midgets is over, and Amorica holds tho prido of placo iu tho bantam division. Tho contest was far and away the bost ovor wituonsod ou tho Pacific Coast, and while Abo Willis must naturally feel dopronsod at his dofoat, ho can console himself with tho reflection that his fight with Dixou will go ou record as one of tho fiercest mill tnnai. rinfnrtnmnfl in flin nii!nt.l.4 nf thfl mo.leru prizo-riug. Tboro is no occasion to roviow tho circumstances which led to the matching of George Dixon, of Boston, and Abo Willis, of Sydney.. It will sullico to say that tho lads hud qualifiudtliemsolvos io box for tho Bantam Championship. of the World. Dixon during tbo past few years baa smothered everything that looks liko him iu this country ; and ho has further to his credit a triumphant tour of England, in which ho laid low sturdy littlo Nuno Wallace. Such boing tho cusO' Australia was tho only Champion-producing 'section ? for him to conquer, and wo woro lod to boliovo that Willis was ? tbo bost goods in tho small, fry lino that Australia possessed. Everything considered, tho fight which is past camo tho nearest to being a world's championship than any ovout that baa ovor transpired within tho rolled arena. Truo, the principals did notobsorvo tho old formula .of battling .vith bare knuckles on turf bonoath tho ' broad cauopy of Heaven,' but neither did FlTZSUrMOIIS OR BILLY MUBUPY, who aro hailed undisputed champions in their classes. London prize-rules ethics iu fact aro acknowledged to bo just about obsoloto, and it is doubtful if any ono will ovor have the' temerity to reseno tho old-time rules from tho dust-box of oblivion. Tho championships of tho fnturo will for a certainty bo decided with tile gloves and under conditions which will onsure fair play- to all. concerned. So, too, with tho abandonment of the old Btylo of fighting, mob law will ceaso to hold sway, and tlio 'hired, thugs' with hob-nailed boots mid knuckle-dusters will find thoir oc cupation gone. f, DIXON AND V71LLIS mot at the California Athletic Club on tho evening of July 28, for a purso of 5000dol and tlio Bantam Championship of tho World. The limit of weight was placed at 1151b, and at 3 o'clock on tlio evening of tho contest tho two littlo follows underwent the seal ing process Hnccess fully. It was hinted a couple of weeks before tho fight that Abe round difficulty in koeping within ? hailing distui.ee of tho stipulated weight, but the only signs of hard work nnticeablo about him were, that his skin was tight drawn ovor his jaw bonos and his face looked a trillo thin. Tho attendance at the club was not extra large — the California, in fact, has been steadily on the declino ever sinco the Jackson-Corbutt affair, but as I will havo somfithiug to say ou the boxing, outlook in another portion of my letter I refrain from further ro marks on tho subject just now. There woro probably 500 people present, and thoy were all accommodated on tlio main floor. The upper gallery, savo for the prosoueo of a corps of telegraph operators and a dozen or more reporters, was deserted. It was 8.3S when the preliminary exercises ceasod, and a few seconds. after that timo Dixon came down stairs from his dressing room. Ho was closely followed by Tom O'Eourko (his maungor, trainer, and backer), and Young Mitchell. Tlio brown-skiuned wonder woro a huge ulster which barely left cxposod to view bis bright black oyos and the top of. bis closely-shaved cranium. TUE BOSTONIAN WAS WELL RECEIVED, and as ho dropped into his chair he seemed as eool and collected as a Chicago womau at her lifth wedding (you would understand tho simile better if you woro posted in Chicago divorco laws). Then Abo camo along with Billy Smith, Mavtin Murphy, and Eddy Groauoy in tow. His head was as oloselj' shorn asDixon's, and heworo a Iooso woollen oversliirt. Hi3 reception was ou a par with tho colored boy. While the assistants wevo arranging their lay out of cordials and ring paraphernalia, Smith and O'Rourko tossed for choice of gloves, and the latter won. The mit tons woro tan colored, aud loomed up pretty big , although thov were supposed to bo 5oz gloves. When the little follows cast aside their outer garments and sat waiting for tho gnug to sound tho attack they were closely scrutinised. Dixon's appearance suited tho connoisseurs best. Ho looked lean and sinewy, with abnormal breadth of shoulders and a great dopth of chest. Ho seemod full oE lifo, and his inaliogoiiy-lracd skin fairly glowed. The only -costume he sported was a small whito breech-clout and a pair of soft leather lighting, shoes. Willis looked clear-skinned anil firm in tho flesh. His body did not convey the idea that ho had distressed himself to any extent in getting to weight, although his faco, as stated before, was drawn. I could not help noticing, however, that tho 'juick move ments which characterised Dixou's every little action woro absent iu Abo's case. Ho impressed mo as being a triflo listless, and as I never saw him iu an important engagement bofore I had no menus of comparing how ho looked and noted with how ho usod to look and ant. Ho wore it breeeh-eloth also (light bluo in color) and his feot wore cnea3ed in lace-up shoes. WHEN THEY STOOD VV TO FIGHT, two moro different stylos of sparror3 could not well bo imagined. Dixon kept his logs fairly wide apart, and his loft hand well forward. Ho seemed ns watchful as a. cat and ho did not indulge in any of tho fancy business with his f«ot which American boxors universally go in for in tho early stages of his light. Ho kept Willi.-« woll before him, and kept forcing him back a littlo evory timo ho moved his feot. Willis stood erect and kept bis hands close to his body. A comparison of tho way tho two yoniujators posed conveyod tho idea tbat tho colored boy had much the longer roach, and that tho 'Australian would havo somo dilliculty in keeping out of range. Citutions work marked the first minute's movements, but Dixou was crowding Abo back all tho time. Tho first respoclablo blow struck was ono of thoso left-hand Martin Cofllello swings from Dixon. It caught Willis fair uudor tho chin as ho was ducking, anil sent him to tho floor in a sitting posture. Abe jumped to his foet, 'and tho lads got to close quarters, Willis going down again in the MIDDLE OP A niN'O-DONO RALLY. The Boston boy's backers thought the fight was over apparently, for they sent up a wild yell of triumph, but long beforo tho second clock marked off ton Auo was on his feot aud at his man IHco a littlo bull. Thoy fought closo to tho ropes, and the fierce ness of Iho onslaught brought the spectators to their feot. Dixon fought at the head alone, and he sent iu his blown with force, speed, and Drecisiou. Ho used both hands with wonderful rapidity, and Abe paid him brick iu kind, but could not cither got the same degrco of speed into his blows or scoro half as fiut. Willis used his right hand more than ho did bin loft, Hogging away at tho brown boy's ribs, aud varying tho performance by trying to gut home oil ins jaw. Had Abe not kopt his head down well between his shoulders somo of Dixon's well-placed blows would havo brought him down, and even as it was tho iteraRKK correspondent forsook his note book aud stood up to watch for what everyone expected— tlio sudden collapso of one or other of tlie combatauls from one of the many blows that were falling liko drum-boats on the huads of both. Kuildonly an oxtra hard punch from Dixon SKST WILLIS MALF-WAY ACROSS TIIE niNO, and thon thoy both paused for a socond beforn renewing tho attack. Dixou wont aftor Willis and Bwung his cruel loft again, but Abe. profiting by his oxporionro with the o)-cuing'blowof the fight, ducked well aud got woll under it. Beforo they could commence tho hurricane business again ! lio gong rauj; out corners, and they ' wont to thoir chairs looking *ni fiorco as a pair of biiok rats. Thon you should liavo hoard tbo lookorH-on talk. Kven if tho light hod ended. with tho first round it would havo boen voted ouo of tho boat over soon in the club, for a faster or more furious onslaught it was imponfu'hlo to conceive. People hero had an idea that Dixon was a long-rango fighter, puro and simplo, aud a good many thought that ho would bo at fault if the Australian laddio forced him, but ho proved that ho was thoroughly at homo at every kind or fist-work, and assuredly he scored threo blows to Willis' Thero was a moment of cautious sparring at the comiueucomout of tho second round, and then Willis triod twico iu suocossion with his loft for Dixon's stomach and missnd. Dixon, after jumping out of harm's way, slipped in again quickly and swung his loft good and solid into tho Australian's ribs. Tho blow brought them togotbor and thoy hugged ono another for u second or two be foro breaking away. Dixon then commenced fointing rapidly. Ho ' wiggled ' his left shoulder In much tbo namo stylo that SI'IDKB WEIR EFFECTS and thon charged Willis, gotting homo a telling left-hander on tho stomach and a heavy right on the nock. Again tho cloao work commenced, oach smashing and swinging at ono auothor's heads. Dixon beyond n doubt had tho moro forcoinhis blows, and tho wondor was how WilliH stood tho onslaught. Ho managed, however, to keep his chin out of range, aud u« tho rain of right-handers from Dixou grow faster and thiokor Willis kept turning tho .back of his head to tho blows and received there many a crusher intended for his neck or ear. Onco Willis sont in a short right-hander in rather stiffcr style than usual, and DIXON SEEMED TO QDIVEaFUOM HIS HEELS UP. Tho set-back was only temporary, however, and the olive-skinned youngster flogged away again with might and main, tho objective point of all his assaults being Willis' head on oithcr sido. The antipodean employed siinilur tactics, and tho heads of each wero frequently sent buck from tho force of the blows, yet there thoy stood breast to breast fighting liko demons, and occasionally throwing their left arms around each other's bodies to add solidity to their right-hand blows. They woro fighting at this break-neck pace when corners rang out, and during the moment's rest it is not romancing to say that tho onlookers seemed bewildered at tho fierceness of the eonteBt thoy had witnessed. ' This beats anything they've ovor had here yet,' said a well-known attorney who sat in the gallery. 'Yes,' replied his companion, 'that last round reminded me of a collision between two runaway engines.' Both youngsters came up fresh and doter mined looking for the third round. They sparred cautiously for a moment, and Willis embraced tho opportunity of spitting out abig clot of blood. THEN AUE TRIED A RIGHT-HANDER AT THE BODY, but tbo Boston lafl danced mvny. The heavy pace of tho two preceding rounds had ovidently told on both of them, and two minutos went by without a blow being struck. Dixon then forced matters again, rushing on and swinging left and right at Willis. Thoro woro two or throe lively littlo rallies boforo tho end of the round, in which tho ex changes wore equal in number, although Dixon's blows woro the bettor directed and seemed to have more steam iu them. The fourth round opened cautiously, but tho lads soon got to closo quarters and banged away with might and main. Willis did tho bettor work at the start and forced tho Eoa tonian into a corner, but George got out of tho difficulty cleverly. As thoy faced each other in tho contro of tho ring Willis dropped his arms fora moment as if bent upon trying somo subterfuge, bu' before ho could carry out bis plan Dixon wont at him like a tiger and forced him up against tho ropes with u succession of left and right facers. Willis sidled away and PI7NCIIED DIXON HEAVILY on tho chin with his left, ducking adroitly from a woll-nieanl counter. The Australian opened tbo fifth round by sending his left into Dixon's short ribs. Dixon reached Willis' faco with a light loft, and im mediately after both scored simultaneously with their lofti, Willis on tho body and Dixon on the nose. The give and tako business thon commenced again, and in tbo midst of a rod-hot exchange, in which both paid attention only to blows at tho head, they fought over to the ropes. They wore each holding with ono hand and punching with the othor, when Dixon put in a couplo of heavy jolts on Willis' jaw, aud the AUSTRALIAN HAD 'COMMENCED TO ROCK on his foet. Dixou noticed that his opponont was in difficulties, and standing ' away, ho floored him with a full-arin-swing with tho left, which took effecton the jaw. Willis was resting on his hands and knees, and just as the clock marked off eight seconds ho jumped to his foot again. THE KNOCK-OUT BLOw! Dixon went at him again, and Willis, whose bolt was shot, tried to fight back. As quick 115 u Hash the colored boy stepped back, and swinging his loft with terrifio force, ho struck Willis across tho jaw and neck with his wrist. Willis fell on .his back and the ten seconds sped away without his giving the slightest token that he know what was passing around him. Ho was completely knocked out. As soon ns Roferoe Cook proclaimed Dixon tho winner tho sinewy littlo Bostoniau took a run and jumped liko a frog on tho shoulders of Tom O'itourke. He then slid to tho ground, and Young Mitchell and one or two of tho dashing littlo bantam's admirers lifted him shoulder high, while poor Willis, limp and unconscious, was being carried to his corner. Dixon noticed his luckless adversary being borno away by his seconds, and ho imme diately ran across the ring and shook Willis by tho baud. Willis, however, was in such a condition that tho formalities of tho ring woro lost upon him. The knock-out blow, as stated above, was DELIVERED WITH DIXON'S WRIST, and the wonder was that ho did not break his arm. I' have learned since, howovor, that ho has finished all his opponents in tho same inannor, and the only inference is that he is ns tough in tho arms as ho is about tho head. His left arm is decidedly his most diuigorous imple ment of warfare, and whilo ho is a terror at closo work, I think Willis fought him in tho best possiblo manner to havo a show of winning. Tho way Abo went down in tho first round whon fighting at long rnugo, and tho manner iu which tho Boston lad wound up tho fight when 'Willis was too shaky to closo with him, is proof concliiBivo to my mind that the one who will ever have a show with the dusky bantam is tho fighter with plenty of force, who will stand in close to him a'ud try to wear him down by superior hitting powers. It may bo that Billy Murphy, with that terrible right of his, would be able to send Dixon to grass, but I think Dixon's loft would domoraliso Billy in short order. Willis did not como to for fully half-an-hour after ho fall, aud ft is needless to say that he was very much disheartened at tho way tho contest ter minated. Ho gainod any number, of friends, however, for his pluck and determination, and if he wuvo not drawn to Sydnov by homo tios he would have no dilliculty in finding matches hero. It is no dmcrcdit to any youngster to be whipped by this lad Dixon, for ho towers far abovo all othor maunikiu bruisers living as far as fistic talent is concerned. I had u talk with O'Kourko (Dixon'e backer) after tho fight, and he told mo that if Griffo won his light,, with Murphy anil carod to tako' a trip to America, Dixon would allow him to wci?h 1181b and givo him a fight.. O'Rourko frar.kly confessed that ho wonld rather send Dixon agaiimt Qriffo than Murphy. Now that Griffo has rocoivod a Hot-back [It was reported in Amorica that Mnrphy beat Griffo, hence their remarks.— '.Smiler'] ho could not command a purse larpo enough to toinnt Dixon into a mooting with ! him, and 1 think that O'Rinrko's noxt movo will be to try and uniingo a fight botwecn hia I lad and Frod Jrhu^ou, the English bautam, J 1 i ' . - tj8b FITZ8IMMONS. ' We liavo Bob Fitzaiminons amongst ns onco again; aud ho speaks in southing toneB of his old' opponent; Jim Hull. In fact, ho ratbor overdoes the- tuiutf, and peoplo here aro be ginning , to tire of hearing Jim vHUfled. Kobert blainos Hull and his friends for having tlrtt fight. stopped at St. Paul. Ho declares that Hall never meant to enter a ring with' him, and to prbvo what a thtoo-ply' fire oiitqr the 'festivo Robert himself is ho has do olarud his willingness to light Jim for a nice-sized purse, aud turn tho whole of I the boodle ? over to somo charitable institution. ; Hall .rather stole a march ou Bub after .tho. .fight wus prevented in St. Paul, for ho went to.Chiouiro and arrangod a friondly sparring exhibition with Jim Corbett, which must have turned iu a gate of about ?lOOOdoi: ? I don't know what Hall's futuro lilaus aro, but I''itz»immons is moving Heaven and- earth to get a big, big purso offered for a go between him and Ted Pritchard. Tho California Club is not anxious for tho go, in fuel it cannot afford it in tho present state of .its finances'; ,but the Olympic Club, of Now Orleans, is oiit with au offor of lO.OOOdol., and tho Pacifio'Club, of San Francisco, has cono 2S00-lol. hotter. The lastnamod is a shaky institution, and I think Now Orleans will got the fight. ' Tho purse ought to bo a gift for Fitzsimmons, for, whilo Pritcbard's stock has gouo away. up sinco ho downed lumbering Jim Smith, I donlt.think Tod has tho ghost of a show with tho red-headed Timarussiau. .1 must not cloao my littlo prattle about , Fitzsiutinoua without telling you that ho has declared his intention of bo comiuir au Amorican citizen. 1 don't know whether bo expects to fight better, or com mand bigger purses, when bo has renounced Queen Victoria, and sworn allegianco to Undo Sam, but he is going to bo a froo and enlightened ' Ammerikiu ' just the samo. DANNY XEEDHAM BEATS MAIION. On the evening after Willis and Dixon fought at tho California!!, we had a go betweou Danny Ncodbam and Billy Mahou at tho Now Occidental. It was not a vory interest ing affair, and Mahon was forced to tarn it up iu the thirtieth round. Ho was punished soverely around tbe heart. An effort is being made to match Necduam and Georgo ICemuiie, tho now welter-weight, who has gained snch a name in the North West. Should Georgo Dawson wander over this way ho would probably havo a chance to meet tho winner, but I' doubt whother a purso bigger than 2000dol would be forthcoming. It appears to mo that boxing will not have a much longer run in San Francisco. There aro four or five clubs' now in the field, and new ones are talked of. They seem to bo all ' out for the stuff ' (money-making concerns), and the public are getting tired of the grab-all policy which marks tho actions of the so-called sport promoters Tho .California Athletic Club long lield tbo prido of place as an honor able, fuir-dealing institution, but even its name has been besmirched lately. The mem bers have'loftit by hundreds, and there has been some nasty talk concerning funds unac counted for. It is still an influential body, however, and should it go to the wall I think the bottom will fall out of boxing in this city. Presidont Fulda told me tho other day that a combination bad been formed to down the California Club, so that a few crooked sports hovo with money nnd a certain kind of influence could turn all future boxing matches to a profitable account. Fulda may be right or ho may be wrong, but this I feel, that boxing is being run at a high pressure here just now, and I look for the biggest kind of a general burst up beforo many months aro passed. BILLY MABER. Shadow Mabor is to have a fight at tbo new Occidental next week for a moderate trophy — somothing iu tbo neighborhood of SOOdol. I think his opponent is Frank Kelly, a husky young welter-weight who is big enough and musculur enough to givo a good account of himself. Providing Maber is all that ho has been represented to be by tho Sydney sporting Press, lio' should win. Ho lias not bad the best of health since he has been here, but as far as I know he is improving, and doing woll at bis training quarters. [Maber won in nine rounds. — ' Smilnr.'] Tlio San Fraucisco fistic calendar at present stands as follows : — CUuronxu A.C. August 2S— Welter-weight tournament. .Finish contest betweon Harry Dally and Jack Sullivan (bantams). Dally (Australian) won in 52 rounds. September— Billy Smith and U'Cartby, of Boston. Pacific A.C. August 21— Dan ' HawkinB and Walter' Oatbcart. Cou Klordan and Max Fenucr. September— Billy Woods and Jack Davil. *? New Occidestai A.C. August 27— Muber nud Kelly. Paddy 'Gorman and Jack Morrissoj (10 rounds). September 23— Eeildy Gallagher and Toung Mit chell. October— Paady Gorman and Tom Cloary. . . .SLAVIN AND MITCnELL. It is stated here that Slavin and Charlie Mitchell will return to America in the near futuro, when F.P. will mako arrangements for fighting John L. Sullivan ou his return from Australia. Ho will also probably have a chanco' of Baying something to windy Jim Corbott, for the lastnamod individual is somewhere in the Bast howling that ho wants to tight any' man in tlio world, Slavin or Mitclicll preferred. The manager of somo theatrical company with which Corbett has signed for a forty weeks engagement, has deposited lOOOdoi as a forfeit for Corbott to fight anybody and everybody when the forlii, wee/.v are. up. Of courso it is only a theatrical advertising dodgo, and causes tho biggest kind of a laugh hero on the Paoific Coast, where wo know Jim so woll. Jackson's saloon. Potcr Jackson has blossomed put as an out and-out saloon proprietor,. and is doing a very nice trado. Peter has turned bis attention for the nonce to the manufacture of mixed drinks, and his hands, when ho first com menced the practice, produced as deadly effects as they over did whon ho was in tho habit of smiting people on the point. A bar tender at Peter's placo was on the sick list one night, and the Marquis of Boudi had to got behind the bar and put a white coat and apron on. Ho got along all right while straight drinks only were called for, but when ho attempted to mako a gin fizz out of mucildgo, absinthe and other noxious compounds tho man who drank it folt like taking a shot at him. Poter lias improved, however, and mixes a cocktail so deftly now that you can't tall it from a black draught. All tho big fellows in the fighting line seem to ignore Poter when making their challenge's, but ho won't bo counted out when anv of , tliem strike San Francisco. As Fulda of tho C.A.C. has written to tho secretary of tho Sydney Gymnastic Club, to find out If Goddard will como to San Francisoo,' Poter is still hopeful of gotting a united some day. It may be, bowovor, that even now an invitation to box Goddard in Sydney is on its way to this country. If bo Jackson will not be long making up.his mini touccopt. . . '. OUR ROWERS IN AMERICA. Dutch and Stephenson, the rowors, arrived hero all safe, and rlromptly culled upon tin Referee commissioner (that sounds a heap bettor than plain ordinaryEBKEREE oorrcs. pondent). At tho timo thoy; camo Peterson. tho only oarsman of any account on tho Const .was up on tho Frazor Hirer, ' B.C.', - when ho had a match pn. with Alex. M'Lean for 1250dol a-sido. Peterson won the ra'eo witli. out turning a hair. On ' his roturn to Saa Francisco I waited upon .'Peterson and h:i backer, and made overturos for : a match on behalf of Dutch. Thoy;told mo that tW weathor would bo unsuitaTilo for rowing on the Alameda mblo courno for months, and that they would not bo ready to mako a inatci until noxt March; ' If thoy remain in tho mat state of mind, Dutch audStoveiiBon may a| well return to Australia, for it is loo lato ia the Beason now for thorn to go Kast. There is ? baro chsuicu of their being a\ile to wet their ow inaraceforttpurso,howovor,asthoMow West. I minster folks of British Cplumbia — whers I Peterson rowed' M'Lean— ^are getting up a W professional sculling rauo iii' connection witli I their fair, which commoncos on September 22, I Hanluti and O'Connor are to row, end Peter, son has boon invited to participate. I wired a night or two ago to ascertain if tho affair was open to the Australian scullers, and if it is Dutch nnd Stophouson will have a out in. I expect a roply within a few .days— not beforo, as tbo B.C. peoplo aro al ways slow.' ? Dutch and Stephonson were well received by tho amateur oarsmen here. They hare the. entrance of nil rowing' clubs, lind their boats are housed at the Ariel Club's boatshoi Thoy havo done a littlo practice, but not much, as Stephonion has a touch of la ijripm, No more at present from W. W. Naooiiton. 