Ghosts: What are They ? [By PEOFEESSOB ALFRED ROSSKL WALLACE,] In the Arena for February, Dc. Wallaoahaa a paper entitled, "Wnat are Phantasms, and why dothey appear?" Dr. Wallaoa olinga to the orthodox theory of gho&ta;, viz, that the apparitions which appear from tim9 to time to communicate information ought to pay a more or leaa friendly call upon their relatives, .and are in very trnth none other than the spirit .forma of thedead. -He tells some good ghost Btorief. As illustrating the impossibility of the telepathiohypotheBiB of oommnnioation between living persons, take .the following-instanoe of the experience of'Mrs,. Storied of Edinburgh, who one night: saw. in a dream..her twin brother knocked down by a train, after whioh she Baw a railway compartment in whioh sat a gentleman Bh'e knew, the Rev. Mr. ^John stone. She afterwards learnt that her brother had been run over, and killed by a train at the moment of her dream, and in the,train'Mr, Johnatone was seated. JBnt aa her brother could not possiblySiaye known"^Mr. Johnstone was in the train, Dr, Wallace argnes that this knowledge could only have been aoqnired by her brotberatter death. He also-tells a story of _ the Yorkehire-vioar in. NewZeal&ud; who_ was saved from drowning by hearing a voice saying toihinibefore going to bed, after arrange ing to be called qext. morning. by a boating , patty, "Don't go with'those men." He asked, .' Why not ?" \ Q?be,yoioe..ana»ered, *' Yon are., pot to go." He asked, "How can! help it? They will call me np."' The voioe replied, " You muBt bolt your door." ,He did so. The party rattled at the door in the morning, but he lay still, and they wentaway without him. A few hours afterwards he heard that the whole party had b£ent drowned; Dr. Wallaoe maintains that ,it was,, a. spirit;friend who foresaw - the catastrophe and ' interposed to save, the vioar's life. From these and i other aotB, Dr, Wallace- regards it - as - proved that the spirits of the no-called dead. stpl Uvej and that, soma of Jheg^, wider .epeoial' conditions and in various ways,' make theirs existence knownto as.., /What, reasonable ex-"" planatioivhe aski, can-wegive?" of the o-iusea . and purposeanfc these" phenomena 2 ®rafe of all > he frankly admits that moat of.thelr.fiQm.muni bationa are trivial: and. ooinmonplaee. ' "ibis- ia jdue to the f aot that themajority of those who {die are trivial--and- commonplace, and that'the, produotion-of these .dreapas, impressipfls, and phantasmB xhay.fae as a special ex&oisepf;,their\ lost. Bpiritual -faculty, as .;agre^l6:rto some ' ppiHtB-as- baUarda.-obenart^experimenta, or practical joking,ar^to spina mortals.-Sqoondly,. pome epi^°'^,;-lo(aiqamied.''fx> hatint the places wher^they oommitifiBd :orimeB;aa a~ kindv; of;penal servitude, even- cohtinaing .to repro duce some irioidents7 oonneofcd , wi&h..t; it ]3?hirdly,< good :andJbenevolvent spirits wish wheneyer possible to .giye;.some message to jtheiir friends.: ; Dr. Wallaae'e conclusion.on the. (whole matter iB that if we look, upon these phenomena.not aa any thing Bupernataral.-bufc pa a perfectly naturaland orderly exeroise of Jactdties and. powers of,the spiritual being, for !ihe .purpoaeof communication with it hose-still pin the phyaioal body, >we shall find every objea . jtion answered and every difficulty disappear, (This iaa hard saying, for.it leaves untouched jthe.'gre.ot difficnlty, which indeed" it suggests, jviz., why in the nature of things should these iDommuDicfttions .be so -very .occasional- and {accidental 1 Surely the number of recorded icaBea in which-the-spirita of the-departed have appeared to reassure, the living of their con jtihned existence bears no proportion, at all to jthe number - of-benevolently disposed spirita (whowould.certainly have made such dommuni- - Rations if they had only had the chanoe? 