BURNIE NOTES. (BT OUR NORTR-WEST COAST CORReo PONDENT.) Mr J. Derrig, who has been superin. tending the construction of the breakwater here. now the work has been suspended, has to turn his attention to pastures new, and left, together with his men, by the s.s. Herbert on Saturday morning for Stanley, where they will commence operations at once in connection with the proposed breakwater by testing the "Nut" to see whether the stone will be suitable either for rubble or concrete for the work. The party should have left on Thursday, but the s.s. Herbert was detained at Ulverstone by stress of weather, and did not arrive here till late on Saturday afternoon. Among other goods landed from the es.s Herbert theother day was a now brake, to the order of Mr J. W. Smithies, from the Phmnix Carriage Works, Launceston. This vehicle is highly adapted for commercial travellers, forwhere it is necessary to carry a quantity of luggage the seats can be folded back out of the way, and thus leave the decks clear. The footballers had a regular day of it on Saturday on the Recreation Ground, and thanks to the efforts of Mr Fred. Wells, the energetic secretary to the club, everything passed off well. In the morn. ing the Burnie juniors played the Table Cape juniors, and after an exciting game the visitors just won on the post, the re sult being-Table Cape, 4 goals; Burnie, 8 goals. In the afternoon the Burnie seniors played a team from the Cam, but as the visitors were mostly novice; our men did I pretty much as they liked, and won hands down. .Rcult--Burnie, 20 goals 80 he binds; Cam, 1 goal 3 behinds. For the winners the following were the chief goal Ikickers:--Whitsit, Wingrove, Dennis, Lyons, and Bennett, and showed good form throughout. For the lo.ers Rusden worked hard to save defeat, but was not well backed up. Mr A. E. Harrison was umpire in the first half, Mr J. T. Alexander for the second. The American Novelty and Specialty Company were advertised to give an enter tainment in the Town Hall in the evening, but owing to a very meagre audience the entertainment collapsed. June 15. At the police court on Monday before Mr A. K. Chapman, S.M., and Captain Patterson, J.P., the following cases were disposed of.-Two lads charged with tres pass were discharged with a caution. John Field, for being drunk and incapable on Saturday night, was fined Is, and in default 48 hours' imprisonment, the prisoner choosing the latter, as he stated he considered that the Government got enough out of him in the way of duty on the drink he consumed. This man has been known for some time past as the " South Burnie Ghost," and has been the terror of some of the young people in that part. Being rather strange in his ways, he has had a happy knack of stand ing about in solitary places at night time, but when addressed not condescending to answer, and perhaps his short retirement from public life will put him in a more genial frame of mind. On Monday evening Fredo, Ryan, and Crawford's Lawn Party gave an entertain ment at the Town Hall on behalf of the Burnie Brass Band. Everything passed off well, the ball being filled to over flowing, and the various items being well received, the clog-dancing being especially good. The proceeds of the entertainment amounted to £18, of which we believe the sum of £10 was.most kindly handed over to the band by the manager of the company. Bravo ! Fredo, Ryan, and Co., would there were more like you. June 16. PIceoFrosTns, erane, harmonlums, eosnets, violins, etc., ete. Time payment or discount o saah.-WATrI BaRns. AWN RTowRTAL 