AT FLEM LVGTON. ihc traiuers almost to a man swear by Bungobah, and Kayuor, who trains the sensational gelding, regards the race as beimr a certainty, bar accident, fur thu sun uf Grandmaster. lUvuor. tliu trainer, fa content to deliver liimsoif of tbo opinion that, bar accidents, Bungebali will wiu ; but another Sydney traiucr, who also hoi a horse engaged m tho race, went oue butter this morntng after tbo winner of the Epsom Han dicap had negotiated his fiaal gallop. " Uuagebau can full dowu aud then win the Newmarket, llo'll jump right away off tlio mark iu front ot everything else nud stay thcro all tho way. 'J'horo's no quicker beginner in lbs laud, and certainly uo faster horso over tho distance this side of tho lino, uiiyhow." " There's such a thiug as blocking a first favorite though, BiU. Supposing uow, just far argument's sake, of course, that Bunge- bah ducsu't jump away in front ol every other horse. Supuouip,and you kuow tbesu 'ore things do bapjicn occ&siousliy;, that Buugeban, liko Lord Hupotoun was last Saturday, is loft at thu post, what about his falling down and then getting up again and winning, ch ?" 44 I'll give a bad start in, and then back Buugebab to beat anything else in thu race. Hero's Torn Pavten, Ij'spoao you'll admit that bo's a good judge of a racohorsc. J nst repeat what you said yesterday about Bungchah, Torn, and eouvincothucovcy that there's ouly one horse in tho Newmarket Handicap on nil public performance and track form." 44 Woll, if Carbino and Bungcbali wero matched at lovol weight up lho straight six furlong nt Flcuiington, X wouldn't lay odds on Carblue. Whether Bungobah would battle nnd light his way uudcr disadvantages, through a big field, us Curbino would, is entirely a dif ferent matter. . If Buugebab gels well oway iu front, I think ho will about win ; but, of course, it is nil 41 rot" to say that uuy horso could fall down und thou wiu such a fast run raco ns tho Newmurkot Handicap la likely to prove to bo this year." 44 He'it run it lu 4 fourteen' ouyliow, if there's anything In timing hoises, and any thing gets near enough to him to tuakc him gallon." " Oh i /ou say that bccauso you have backed him, Sinners ; tho wis!) is father to tho thought, oh t" 44 No, 1 havo certainly backed Buncebah, but I havo mora money on Ginger, und I cer tainly dou't fancy he can have a ghost of a clumce ou his Oaklcigh Handicap running. I'll guarantee that if you could get at the truth,' half tho jockeys who ride m the raco next Saturday will bu anxious to savo nt least a teunernpiuco with Jack Guiuafard, who will ride Buugebab. I kuow I would if I bad a mount, and I'd also like to l>ot that uino out of ten of the Fleinington trainers have already got u bit on Bungcbali. They can't shut their eye to his gallop this iiiurning. A tick under 4 bcvcuU'L'ii ' I mado it, which 1 take to tncau about 'fourteen' with tho colors up." 