THE ELDER EXPLORATION PARTY. INTERVIEW WITH MR. GWYNNE. By the steamer Bullarra which reached Port Adelaide on November 26, Mr. Aubrey Gwynne, who was a member of the Elder exploration party, in the capacity of assist- ant, returned to Adelaide. Owing to physi- cal weakness, acting on the advice of Dr. Elliott, Mr. Gwynne left the explorers at Flinders Range, West Australia, when they encamped oa Simon's Hill on Sunday, Nov. 1\. Mr. Gwynne at once started for Esper- ance Bay, a distance of 170 miles, walking most of the journey and collecting botanical specimens for the Geographical Society. The wild flowers seen were both beautiful and numerous, the country abounding in plant life. Palms were seen growing to a height of between 10 and 12ft. Mr. Gywnne was sur- prised to see that they attained such a height as the climate was cold, decidedly colder than that of South Australia. In an interview with a reporter of the Advertiser (Adelaide), Mr. Gwynne said :— "The Great Victorian Desert across which we travelled is a boundless lifeless track, having no animal or bird life. With the ex- ception of a small black beetle found at the root of the spinifex, it is destitute even of insect life. All the natives we saw in the desert were in a terribly emaciated condi- tion, the shin bones of the legs of the men and women being no longer than the index finger of a man's hand. As the country over which we passed improved, so did the physique of the native tribes, and we saw some very fine specimens of the native men and women, some of the former being over 6 ft. high and proportionately built. We came across a family of six-fingered and six-toed children ; very queer they looked too. The family consisted of two girls and one boy, each having six fingers on each hand and the same number of toes on each foot, whilst their parents were only endowed by nature with the orthodox number. Dr. Elliott photographed these curios of the great desert. Only on one occasion did we find the natives aggressive, but twice they came to us and implored the party to leave their water- holes, at whioh we had camped. The camels, 44 in number, showed wonderful powers of endurance, going 35 days without water, and during the whole of that time only one perished from thirst. We unearthed a queer native custom savoring strongly of the bar- barous among the Bardick tribes. When a member of one tribe dies a fellow- tribesman crosses into the camp of the adjoining tribe ostensibly on a friendly visit, but really with the object of murder. For days aye weeks, he remains easing and enter- ing into all the jollifications of the camp, but when an opportunity presents itself, he kills a member of the tribe with which he has taken up quarters, and having accomplished his fell purpose he makes all haste to rejoin his tribesmen. Woe betide him if he is caught, for then death is swift and sure. The object of this custom is that the relative strength of the tribes may remain equal. No retaliation ' is thought of if the slayer regains his tribe in safety, but once captured within the tribal territory the deadly spear does its work, and the tribes mourn the death of their natives. "Let me tell you of another heathenish cus- tom whieh shows that the missionaries have not quite wiped out cannibalism. When a member of a tribe dies, male female, or child the survivors each cut off a piece of the raw human flesh, and have to eat it, and death is the penally should a native ever mention, whether by accident or otherwise, the name of the deceased. Noble may have been the deeds of the deceased, but ignoble is tbe death of the person who may extol them, for the cruel spear is driven home to the heart, wielded by a native of unerring skill. We proved beyond doubt that the natives un- derstood the four cardinal points of the com- pass, and have names for the terms north, east, south and west, and their definitions agree throughout the different tribes. The natives we met have no fear of thunder, whereas most of the aboriginals I have met in Australia have a great dread of the artil- lery of the heavens. They have no idea of religion, but they indicate space by waving their arms towards the heavens. They believe in the existence of an evil spirit in the case of sickness, and they endeavour to banish it. This is the modus operandi :—A circle is formed. In one quarter sit the men, in another the women nurs- ing the picaninnies. In the centre a fire, the lurid light of which is reflected on the faces of the dark-skinned houris who form the front rank, and away beyond it is lost in the dark shade of the overhanging boughs. The scene is a weird one. Ever and anon the stillness of the desert is broken by the monotonous piercing cries that arise from the male division, who beat time on the ground with their clubs and flat stones. Pre- sently there is a rush, and bounds into the ring a powerful native, his body, arms and legs grotesquely decorated with white pigment resembling pipeclay, his body decorations consisting of the figure rudely done of a pic- caninny or a human face. Surrounding his face are sticks interwoven with fur twisted into shape with clay. The man enters the ring, dances round the fire, making horrible facial contortions and gesticulations and by this means it is thought the evil spirit is banished. During the process of expelling the spirit the sick person is kept in a camp apart from the other natives. When the dancers fall to the ground exhausted others take their places, and during the whole time the orchestra keeps up the beating. The women during the enactment of this strange scene are in prone positions, and keep their heads entirely covered with a kangaroo skin. And at intervals a dusky warrior placks from the fire a burning brand and rushes round peering into the faces of the women to ascer- tain if any of them are looking. "All the men and women we met were clothed as they were when they were ushered into the world. The morals of the natives are very lax. A man takes a lubra to himself and she has to work for him. They do all the hard work, and the men indulge in the pleasures of the chase. The women carry water in a vessel called a "kooliman"—a sort of wooden dish like a flat metal dish- cover. They carry their babies in a similar vessel hung from their shoulders and hold them with a strip of kangaroo skin. When an aboriginal takes another's lubra away the injured husband will search for the guilty pair, and when he comes up with the native a dust is raised. If the gallant is a bit of a coward he plants his hand on the ground, and the en- raged husband of the faithless lubra drives a spear through it. Honour is thus satisfied. If, however, the native prefers to fight, a duel to the death with spears results. Rud- yard Kipling talks of the joy of seeing a Chinaman's eyes gouged out, but such a scene is nothing to a duel with spears between two swarthy warriors. When arrangements for the fight are complete, the principals face each other at short range, and then a fierce and bloody battle is waged. They throw the spears with unerr- ing precision, and soon the red blood flows. Hideous are the wounds, but at it the enraged warriors keep until one falls to the ground wounded to death. I have seen the natives fight with the kylie, a weapon like a small boomerang. They stand four paces from each other, and it is wonderful to witness the skill with which they thow the kylie, and perhaps it is more wonderful to see the quick clever way the aboriginals elude the weapon. I think the morals of the aboriginals are preserved to a great extent simply through fear of the penalty that follows laches— death. The women marry from the age of 12 and 13 years. Polygamy is practised, and it is not uncommon for a man to have several wives. Generally it is done in this way. A native tires of his lubra; then he singles out from the tribe a younger, prettier, and more fascinating girl, and the first wife retires and has to hunt for herself in the future. As a rule families are small—confined to three children. "Oh, yes ; each tribe has its territorial limits, and death is in most cases the penalty for crossing the boundary. Every man of each tribe has a distinct mark consisting of a flint cut on the chest, arms, or shoulders, with red or white ochre rubbed in. The ter- ritorial limits are fixed by natural landmarks. Cannibalism prevails, and in time of great pressure the natives kill and eat their chil- dren. The Baudiks generally follow this custom. The men bind strips of wallaby fur round their heads to keep their flowing hair off their faces. Others roll their hair with clay, and it hangs down the sides of their heads like a string of tallow candles. In some of the tribes the men shave the hair about two inches back from the forehead. This is done with a flint stone, and a tedious operation it is. Others singe it back by means of a burn- ing brand." LETTER FROM A MEMBER OF THE PARTY. In a private letter received on Wednesday from one of the members of the Elder Ex- ploration Parly, and dated from Fraser Range, Western Australia, October 12, some interesting information is given. We are permitted, says the Register, to make the following extracts:—"Our trip so far, if somewhat slow, has been very successful in many ways, and I trust with the approval of our friends. True, we have made no very important geological discoveries, but then we had to take the country as we found it, and make the best of things. The ready way in which the scientific men adopted themselves to the ups and downs of our some- what rough bush living has been a matter of surprise. In fact, they were able after a week or so to knock about jost like old hands. Could some of their friends only see them sitting round the camp fire they would never recognise them—tanned faces, rough beards, and rough, torn, and patched clothes. They have proved by their cheerful and uncom- plaining manner in trying times, by their willing obedience to strict orders, and by their working with might and main to help and assist the expedition in every way, that they are men in the truest and highest sense of the word. A great damper was thrown over the whole party by the very sudden death of poor Bowden. He was a splendid man with camels, very handy in camp, and generally what is known as a first-rate bushman. Round the camp fire he was always jolly, with a great fund of bush anecdotes, which he related in a really clear and humorous style that was quite a treat to hear and a pleasure to listen to. Physically he was one of the finest and most powerful men I have ever seen, standing 6ft. 1in., measuring 47in. round the chest, and weighing 16st. 10lb. He would carry a bag of flour under each arm with as much apparent ease as an ordin- ary man carrying two fifties. No wonder we have missed him so, poor fellow. Gene- rally speaking, our path so far has been through one of the worst portions of Aus- tralia, and the journey which we have just ended here at the Fraser Range, across the Great Victoria desert, I am sure will stand unprecedented in the annals of Australian exploration—550 miles in thirty-four days, and our poor unfortunate camels had only three small drinks during all that time of less than one bucket each ; even then between two and three sips they were eighteen clear days. And yet they journeyed on, some of them carrying heavy loads all the time over the tiresome sandhills and through the horrid spinifex, which made their feet sore and weary; through the dense, black, gloomy scrub, which tore our clothes into tatters, and where at one time you could not see more than 100 yards ahead, over flats where the vegetation was wither- ed and the very earth seemed to cry out for moisture. On through a land of ghost-like silence, where there was no sign of life in any form ; on through the desert gumtree forest, which even the enduring and hardy native had learned to shun. Still on the noble animals bore us bravely and well until we reached our haven of refuge in the Fraser Range." AN OLD EXPLORER'S COMMENTS. Mr. Tom Coward, an experienced bushman, seeing the remarks made by Mr. Gwynne in the interview published in the Evening Journal with reference to a curious instru- ment used by the blacks of the interior as a warning to the gins to keep away from the locality of the "boras" during the ceremony of initiating the boys of the tribe, says:— "This custom came under my observation since 1846, not only in South Australia, but in parts of Australia that I have visited. In 1853, while in the Government service, I was mixed with blacks where Port Augusta stands now, when an immense number of aboriginals from the interior were congregated to receive the bounty of the Government at old Jimmy Patterson's station, Woolontonga, where I saw over 200 blacks of different tribes. I observed every movement and studied their customs, and one thing came under my notice which can be verified by reference to Captain Sturt's work, affcting a one-eyed tribe of natives. The interpreter I had with me—'Gentleman Jack'—was well known as a 'terror' to the late Mr. Cud- more, who was then living at Beantiful Valley, near Horrocks's Pass. His being well accustomed and a great traveller, mixing with different tribes in what was then known as the Far North, I asked him how it was that the mem- bers of this tribe had only one eye. They came from a country by the native name of Oopipootamutta. This was a Cooper's Creek tribe, and out at our camp they had in their possession the 'nardoo' seed as food. There were five or six differ- ent tribes at this camp, and it puzzled me why they all kept separate. When camping at night they did the same thing, the old men being the only ones to meet at night around a fire, and they would relate one to the other their customs. One night while this yabber-yabber was going on the instru- ment described by Mr. Gwynne was used, and caused an immense stir in all the camps, as an alarm for the gins to congregate together for their own protection. On hearing the peculiar whirr the women would huddle together like a lot of chickens at the cry of the hawk. The old men would fly back to their own tribes to protect their women, well knowing the meaning of the signal. 'The instrument, a piece of wood about 6in. long, tapered at both ends and bevelled on the edges, with a hole bored in one end, has a line attached at one end, fastened to a supple stick about 3ft. long. It is swung rapidly round the head and one touch given on the ground to cause it to revolve. This instrument has been known to be used not only in the locality of which Mr. Gwynne speaks, but in the Gulf of Carpentaria district. As to the message sticks the blacks can communicate with different tribes hundreds of miles apart by means of peculiarly marked sticks cut square and rounded off at the ends. When they are delivered by the messenger from tribe to tribe the blackfellow for whom the message is intended goes away by himself and studies the signs, which really are a kind of aboriginal shorthand, but much more brief than Pit- man's. Sometimes it is a challenge to fight, or a charge of breach of tribal law. After receiving this cartel the native is bound to meet the sender, and the dispute is settled with doubled-ended nulla-nullas, after the fashion of an aboriginal duel, where each one has to take a blow on the head. As to what Mr. Gwynne says about the cardi- nal points of the compass, the blacks of Australia are far quicker in determining the right direction of any point than any white man I ever saw in any country they have once travelled over. I do not believe they have any idea of north and south or east and west as cardinal points—they know the ris- ing and setting of the sun and are guided by that. They don't bother much about the stars, as they never travel at night except when pressed." 