THE RACE OF JINDOOBARRIE.* As a continuation of Mr. Meston's artiole on Bribio Island, tha Queenslander of last week has tho following lines : Through vistas dim of vanished years, With unrecorded sighs and tears, Thy voice the mournful listener hears, Dark Jindoobarrle A faint sad voice from days of yore, An echo from the lonely shore Where stalk thy stately forms no more, Caroomba Jindoobarrle The days when you were wild and free, And slept beneath tho Doorah tree, On sand dunes by the sounding sea Bandarra Jlndoobarrie And now! Oh Fate's remorseless doom, Lone Beerwah rlses through the gloom, And calls In vain above thy tomb, "Inta wanya, Jindoobarrie ?" Round where the Cape In ocean dips, Sailed Flinders In his white-winged ships, The Heralds of your death eclipse, Oh Jindoobarrie! And what the deeds, and whose the blame, When pale faced "Careonggi" came With club of steel and spear of flame? Yalba! Jndoobarrie But vengeance came In after years, Each murdered stranger's ghost appears, Transfixed by dim and shadowy spears, Warrang Jindoobarrle. What rock thee now, those deeds of yore ? No more the stranger's blood, no more Thine own shall stain thy native shore, Wild Jindoobarrle. Silent the songs when hearts were light, Gone are the dance, the hunt, the fight, In darkness of eternal night. Lost Jindoobarrie In vain the voice of Beerwah calls, From terraced cliffs and waterfalls, Hark! Echo from the cavorned walls, " Wanya Jindoobarrie" Lost in the nover ending gloom, And on thy lonely unknown tomb Stern fate records tho words of doom, " Dead is the race of Jindoobarrle " A. Meston. Brisbane, . Bribie Island was Inhabited by a powerful tribe called" Jindoobarrle," a graceful, athletic race inand warlflra . In 1840 they numbered at 6OO to 1000; and to day there Is not a soul left on tee Island. Caroomba-great, mighty. Doorah tree-camping tree. Bandarra-strong. Inta wanya--where are you? Carooingg-strangers. Yalba-speak. Warrang-bad, fierce. Wanya-where? Signor Verdi's hospital near Fiorenzuola cost in building £8000. Ho added an endowment of £40,000. Ile is now building in Milan a hos- pital for poor old artists, whioh will oost him £90,000. Tho avohitcct is Camillo Boito. Yoi di vfill ondow this hospital with o capital of £80,000. The nunibor of agotl artists admitted will bo 180 ; thoy will bo taken from every provlnoo in Italy, and will bo most comfortably boardod and lodged. A Goooebo contowporaiy, in recording theso bonofactions, records also Vordi's dislike of his charitable deeds bein« published. " I don't want to bo rodueed to end my days in a hospital I" ho said. " If I could manage that no one took any notico of the little good I attempt to do, I should U\e much moro peacefully, aud what littlo means aro neces- sary for my own maintenance would be lesa threatened.'' 