THE VOICE OF THE FLYING DAT. [By Walter BESANT, the Novelist.] LONDON, May 4, 1891. In the spring—even in the coldest spring—one becomes restless. There is a desire to be up and roaming. Some of us, perhaps, have gipsy blood in our veins, which causes us to yearn for fresh fields and pastures new when the cuckoo comes back and brings the time of the new year. That is one reason, perhaps, why I was at Eastbourne one week and at Stratford-on- Avon the next. Another reason is that last week was Pilgrim week for that old town—the birthday week. Shakespeare was born on the 23rd of April. It is a great week. There are performances every night and some afternoons at the very beautiful little theatre; the hotels are full; all the shops bring oat fresher examples of the photographic art; and flags fly. Perhaps there is a dinner, but of this lam not certain. It is too early for the Americans, so that it is a genuine English festival. Stay, this year there was one Qlustrious American at Stratford. It was Sir. Henry James, and lie came to see the performance of his tiwn piece, which we hope to see on a London stage before long. For my own part, it was Stratford re visited after .1 greater number of years than one cares to count. Since then the library and theatre have been built, the *' house" has been carefully isolated and protected, so that there is now as little danger from fire as can be secured for any building, no candle or -lire, for instance, being allowed; there is a little museum of interesting curiosities connected with Shakespeare; there is a conduit erected by a Philadelphian; and there is a monument to the poet. There is also a great de.il more to look at in the old town, much more than I remembered. In the first place there is the curator of the Museum, who is, as he should be, an enthusiast over the poet and his contemporaries. If you *how a real and living interest in the sub ject he will talk to you and instruct you. Then there is the old Grammar school; I iliink I do not know anything quite so good in its way as this old school. It is buOt over the ancient Guild Hall, which «tands beside what was formerly the Guild Chapel, and is now the Church of the Holy Trinity. In the Guild Hall, which occupies the ground floor, were held, v lieu Shakespeare was a boy, the plays and pageants of the Earl of Leicester's servants. There are the borough, ac counts to show this. So that the boy vas not altogether unacquainted with the stage before he ran away to join his cousins, the players from Warwickshire. The school was. at that time under repair, 8o that he was taught, and very likely Hogged, in the Guild ChapeL The school i>tands above the hall, and is a mystery of rambling rooms and ancient timbered roofs. Such an ancient school they have at Hull, but this is older. For instance, one room is adorned with a pafnring of two roses, the White Rose with a red heart and the Bed Rose with a white lieart—time of the Union of the Roses and of Henry VIL, my masters! The old bridge built by Sir John Clopton, lord Mayor of London, in that reign also (survives ; but ah- iron footway at the side rather spoils the look of it. At the hotel the rooms are named after Shakespeare's l>lays. They put me into " Winter's Tale." This seemed appropriate in a way, and I ■was* glad they did not give me to the " Oomedyof&roraj;" which was on one side, w> to ** King Lear" on the other. As for s^Troitas and Cressida" that is clearly most inappropriate for a grey beard, and " Much Ado About Nothing" would not lie complimentary to a literary witling. The manager showed, in fact, a nice ap j.reciation of the situation. It is said that although the rooms are four hundred 5 ears old, they have no ghosts, which is attributable, of course, to the special in terference of the bard himself. No ghosts but his shall haunt his native ■ji'ace. Very happily, Mr. Benson's com pany had the theatre on two of my nights, and I saw "The Tentoest" well and beautifully performed. If it had been only half as well acted it would have been delightful, so lovely is the fable, so sweet Miranda and the sprite, bo wonderful is Caliban. There are also many things to see about and aroand the old town. Warwickshire —which vfll become better known when Murray's Handbook to the county ib pro duced—is a part of England fall of in teresting places. There arv battlefields, because the fend is mostly flat, and con venient for fighting; there are ancient country-houses, such as Charlecote, the liome of the Lucy family; there are villages filled with picturesque old houses ; there are castles, such as Warwick and Kenil worth; and there is the most beauti ful almshouse in the whole country, the Xeycester Hospital of Warwick, a. thing even more peaceful and beautiful than "Walker's. Why do people run after Ibsen's plays ? Tirst, I think, because they are entirely unlike any other play ever presented on any stage. In plot, construction, and dialogue they bear no resemblance to any «.ther form of drama. Therefore, accord ing to some people, they are good because tvery new thing must be good. Then they preach strange d"<*nm?B—as that a woman is justified, in order to make a lietter development of herself, in leaving her husband and her children to r.ilro their chance. In this time of questioning and doubt everyone is welcome who comes along with a new gospel, however small a thing it is. There are many women to whom the abandonment of her children by Isorah, in "The Doll's House," seems a highly laudable thing. To these ladies auything that is natural and old fashioned, such &g; die clinging of husband and wife together, even after one or other has proved less heroic than was at first believed, has become intolerable. As re gards the newest play, " Hedda Gabler," Mr. George Moore seems to have made the best defence of it. He says that it is a tragedy of impending and unavoidable Miicide. Perhaps it may be so inter preted, and yet . Frankly, I like the old ways, the old plays, the old themes, the old faiths. The world may turn from them for a while, but it will return, be cause there is nothing stronger in our nature titan love, jealousy, ambition, faith ; with these emotions as the theme the greatest work in every kind of litera ture has been hitherto accomplished, and will continue to be accomplished. Last week we diseotrsed of the narrow ing of the world. AUplaceBinfact have been I.rought closer together, and that so •luickly, namely, in the span of two genera tions, that we cannot yet understand it. America—which is but a week from us— seems to most of us still a far off land. India, which can be reached in three weeks instead of three months, still seems the far Catliay. Space has been divided I>y four at least, so that this terrestrial Iwll, which is Bet down by geographers us 24,000 miles round, has shrunk to about <;,000. This is a very great achievement for the nineteenth century, and is pro ducing certain interesting results. Let us h«j)e that as one result the nations la-ought ho close together will not s.|uabl>le all the more. Meantime the shortening «>f distance has produced itiiother effect. The world is actually v« idening as well ns narrowing every day. Think hoy-- narrow it was before America was discovered ! Tlmt wan 400 years ago. Think, again, how narrow it was when Queen Victoria ascended the throne. No Australia to speak of, no New Zealand, very little Soirrh Africa, no Western States of America, no Vancou ver, no Manitoba, no Central Africa, no Romeo, no New Guinea. All these vast ••• ■untrres have been barn, so to speak, r. ithin C* yearn The world h?w widene* <•> *U that ertent, and there w jleuty of t?4n for further tri4ea uig. The- w**)e «f fcteuth America is waiting for us; the greater: part of Australia; New Zealand can sustain a population of thirty millions, the- Islands of the Pacific as many more ; the western parts of North America a hun dred millions. Why—why does no great statesman propound a systematic scheme for emigration ? The whole world is open to our young men, yet no one shows the way. The children at school should be told from the very first of the inagniliceub in heritance that is their own by right of their father's strong right hand; they should be taught that emigration is the enviable lot of half. How much better than to waste their time over spell ing ! There should be an emigra tion office in every town and every vil lage ; there should be liandbooks for all the different colonies. Why, there should not be a single man or woman in the country in want of employment, so great is the demand for labor abroad. The sons of gentlemen are finding this out at last, and are flocking abroad in daily in creased numbers to escape the competi tion of the professions. One young fel low told me the other day tliat he was off to South Africa to join die mounted ' police ; another that he was going to join a friend on a sheep ranch ; another wrote to me from New Zealand that he was clerk in a store, and doing very well. Wherever they go they will lead happier lives than in the press and fighting of this crowded country where all avenues are choked. One who is now dead had a favorite scheme which I have always admired and now publicly propound. He wanted every village at home to have its sister village of the same name in Canada or in Australia peopled from the home village, keeping up friendly relations, always receiving more of their own kith and kin. Is not this a tiling worth attempting ? Or is the home sentiment lost I One thing is cer tain—that those who leave the villages and flock into towns do very speedily lose the old home feeling. And their children have no sentiment of the kind at aIL How can a child of Poplar or Limehousc have any love for his native place ? When we speak of happy lives, please do not think of lnalring a fortune. Money is not generally made by the colouial fanner, but a life of plenty and ease is as sured. Besides, we must not judge by those who win the great prizes, but by the average. Thus "in the Church there are bishoprics worth £5,000 a year— very comfortable indeed. But there are 10,000 curates with a hundred a year, and 10,000 beneficed clergy out of 20,000 with livings less than £200 a year. Our average parson gets one of these fat and happy livings. Or there are barristers who make £10,000 a year; but the average barrister is wholly unsuccessful and makes nothing a year. Or there are doctors who make £10,000 a year, but the average general practitioner has a little country practice out of which he makes his £300 a year. And so on all round. While, as for literature—but I must tell you another time by a single history what literature may mean. Now, these same pnsuccessfnl men, had they gone out to some colony which wanted their work, would have had a stirring, active life, with plenty to live upon and plenty to do, fighting very likely thrown m. And they would have come home from time to time and gazed with wonder upon the fatness of those who have got on and the querulous helplessness of those who have not. Let ns love our country with all our heart and with all anr Strength. But when there are too many of us let us resolve to clear out and make a settlement somewhere else. In the Voice m do not wrangle over politics. Therefore, in speaking of free education, it is without reference to either side. Vow this step seems to me one of those which have become silently and, to the outer world, insensibly necessary. There comes a tune when tbe wisdom of government is shown in recognising the inevitable. It is now three or four years since one, -who has taken as large a part in national education as any man, pointed out to me that the tiling must come ; it was, he said, bound to come ; the flowing of the tide wa« shown by many things; the wholesale remission of school fees; the feeling ofparents; the example of America; the recognition of the fact that every child should be equipped by the State with a reasonable sxasant of education ; the thing itself, he declared, was only a question of time. As a tax and a rate payer one groans ; looking at the measure from a higher point of view one rejoices, fear tie sake of the children, whose inheri tance is cn'arged by the right to a good education. Air. Goscheu's estimate of the increased number of pipes smoked during last year made me curious to learn the total num ber. If there is an anti-tobacco league anywhere the figures should make the members of the league feel very sick in deed. For, my brother smokers, the total works out to seven thousand two hundred millions of pipes every year. There it is m letters. But only look at it in figures—7,2oo,ooo,ooo! What an awful quantity of pipes! What a pile of baccy! Yet, after all, it is not so very much even when divided out. There really are a great many people in these islands. If we take the trouble to deduct from the whole population first the women, and then the boys, and lastly the unhappy men who never smoke at all, there remains —what ? Just two pipes a day for every man ! Two pipes a day! A very modest allowance, so much so that I must have made too small a deduction. i The Chancellor's statement that the drink bill has gone up by £900,000 may also be taken without too much alarm, it only means sixpence a head, taking the whole population; a shilling a head, taking the male population only; and about eighteenpenccahead, leaving out the boys. Eighteenpence is not such a great deal spread over the whole year, is it ? 