SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. ( Copyright .) By an M.D. Author of ' Under a Spell,' ' Victoria Cross Valour,' ' Science and Sin,' ?' In Love with a I , Uliost,' '.Condenmed to Death,' & c., &c.; CIlAPTICIi I. 1 GEHAI.D QUAY INTRODUCES HIMSET.F. ? I have often thought that tho sweets of life are dealt out very unequally, and that I am one of those whoso paths are strewn with every couceivablo bitterness! Many people would tell me— indeed have told me — that my gloomy views are a direct act of rebellion against Providence, and that instead of repining, I ought to bo thankful for the posses sion of means largo enough to satisfy the most luxurious taste. Hut of what use is money to one whose intellect does not permit him to enjoy it rationally ? Over and over again, I havo watched the street Arabs at play in the grimy mud of tho gutter, and have so envied their bright precocity ol' miml, that I would willingly iling my thousands away if 1 could only be as they are. 1 would gladly change places with any one of them, give him my worldly goods, and take liis rags, dirt, hunger, and above all his healthy mind, and then know myself to lie tho gainer, lie the loser. It is terrible to become a pessimist before attain ing tho age of twenty, but my course of life, my actions, my conduct, seemed so entirely inexplica ble according to tho rules laid down by reason, and so totally at variance with the commonsense dis played by other mortals, that the bright side of Nature never revealed itself to .ay longing eyes. Earth was a dark abode, a joyless purgatory for fallen man, .and I loathed its trammel^ with a hatred more than bitter, for they held me enchained from the glories of an Elysium I frequently ob lami-u giuuimes ui. 1 uuwi- earui ana neiu it3 111- 1 habitants in contempt, with the exception of mv own immediate entourage. I was painfully aware that all this was eccentric, and as a kind of pall ia- tion adopted and often quoted a: passage from Byron's 'Manfred,' . 'From my youth upwards My spirit walked not with the -souls of men.' - 1 The passage admirably suited my weird de spondency, and I derived a sad satisfaction from the idea that, like the great poet's who penned it, my career was set a.nidst gloomy clouds, and. would finally, close in darkness. and in storm. I have at present painted. the blackest side of my character — tho side, alas, which was the most per manent.' But there were times when my heart became full of the noble aspirations and generous impulses of youth, when 1 would have sacrificed anything to obtain the power ot giving thein vent. J But an intangible something held .me back at tho very moment ol action, and my brilliant determin ations would resolve themselves into airy nothings,, or even into horrible phantasies. I had attained the age of nineteen before my mind became warped into this condition of woeful insta bility, and previous to this period was as other boys are— gay, laughing, careless, and with a quickness of intellect which caused my tutors to , predict an unqualified success in any career I might choose. me eariy History 01 my me presents nothing, of; any especial interest, yet, to elucidate the peculiar existence I had subsequently to undergo, it may bo well to briefly jot down its outlines. Before' I was four years old I became an orphan, and my father, Colonel Gray, bequeathed me and a fortune of about £2,000 a-year to~the'guardiauship of his brother Adam Gray. I was received into my uncle's bachelor household, and .passed- a.-. happy and un eventful childhood, until the time arrived lor 1110 to go to 0 boarding school. Here I made the acquaint ance of Jack Brandon, which commenced. in the usual schoolboy fashion of a pitched - battle, terminating in sworn friendship. As the years rolled on I became thoroughly proficient 111 all ? athletic sports, and this circumstance served to' attach Jack Brandon still more to me, aud he voluntarily assumed the position of my 'fidus Achates.' - During the vacations, I generally received an in vitation to spend a iew weeks at his place in Surrey, and, after the first visit, felt bound to consider myself in love with his sister Ethol, a fair-haired girl about two years younger than myself, and who gave promise of developing into a great beauty. Our mutual affection increased as we grew older, and by the time I was eighteen I had firmly settled in my own mind that she, and no other, should be my wife ! My existence at this period was cast in pleasant places. I was tall, well-made, strong, thoroughly au fait at athletics, and had not a care in tlio world. My buoyant spirits and robust health made me look at everything with sanguine hope, and tinged every object- with tlie rosiest colour. How little did I dream that all this elasticity of mind and body would shortly be destroyed and swept away as completely as tho storm wavo v r cks and annihilates the noblest ship. How could I' imagine that my strength and intellect would become so perverted as to regard all these joyous things of earth, which had hitherto made my life so beautiful, with a contempt bordering oil disgust! It is a merciful provision of nature which hides the future from us. Could I have anticipated the cruel burden it had in store for me, my boyish merriment and happiness would have sunk under such an awful fate, and an early death would have saved me from the intolerable existence I had to endure. Yes, I am right in saying that ignorance of our future is merciful, for instead of being terrified into death by the contemplation of my coining woes, I was enabled not only to bear them, but to surmount them, aud come forth from the ordeal a wiser and a happier man. The first dim foreshadowing of there being such a thing as sorrow in my bright world came to me in tho form of regret. My Eden of innocent enjoyment was at last invaded by. the Serpent, who henceforth slowly but surely wound his coils around me. It was not for myself that I experienced this regret, but for my unclo, and it was caused by his being suddenly reduced from aflluence to poverty through an absurd mania for speculation, llis abject misery was pitiful! He would sit for hours with his hands folded, doing nothing but staring out into vacancy. If spoken to, lie would scarcely answer, and for a whole fortnight after his ruin lie ate scarcely enough to keep body aud soul together. However, after a time, the brooding fit passed olf. and lie became apparently a rational being once more. But I am convinced that, during the periid be gave himself up to the sole contemplation of liis pecuniary disaster, his mind underwent a subtle alteration. Of course, I did' not ascertain this all at once, although I someti es detected liis eyes fixed upon me with such a peculiar gaze as to make me feel unconitortable; it was only through tho light of subsequent events that I formed tho conclusion that his mental faculties had become perverted through his great losses. I was within six months of 19 when my unclo was irretrievably ruined. I was, at tho time, reading hard for an Oxford scholarship, the gaining of which would redound both to the credit of myself and my school. Half a year was not too long for preparation for such a classic struggle, lienco I threw myself heart and soul into the subjects re quired for examination, and took little notice of my surroundings. Had I done so I might have been astonished at tho fact that my pauper uncle was evidently living beyond his means, which, except ing \vhat was due to liiin for my maintenance, were absolutely nil. The innocence ol' youth combined with hard work effectually closed my eyes to any thing I might have deemed extravagant, and so tho time passed on to the Christmas vacation, when I said g- o 1-bye to school and looked eagerly forward to January as an epoch iu my life, for I then hoped to win my scholarship and enter as an undergraduate at our great university. That Christmas was the starting point of my mental upset. Within a week of my return to my uncle's house I began to see visions and dream dreams'. Iu the midst of a conversation I would gradually lose the thread of the discourso and pro ceed to reasou out some wild imaginings which would present themselves to me; I became inco herent, and at; times behaved so fantastically that peoplo began to suggest that I had overworked my brain. My uncle most kindly insisted 011 coming to Oxford with me, and carefully attended to my Welfare during tho time I wan und«r examination. But need I say what a. fiasco I made of it P My mathematical paper was found to consist of a dis course on Genii ; my Latin composition was made up of a catalogue of places wheve. enormous diamonds bad been secreted; my Greek translation was almost Swedenborgian in its mysticism, for it described the delights of l'aradiso and ended with an impas sioned prayer for releaso from the trammels of tho oirtlily body! Notwithstanding this ignominious failure, I straugoly enough folt no chagrin. When Jack Brandon commiserated me, I was listless enough to toll him that my ill-success was a matter of indiffer ence. Ho could not make. 1110 out, for he well know the feverish anxiety I had exhibited during the term to leave no stone unturned to achieve an Academic victory. Now, I was acting as if I had suddenly become convinced that all my previous efforts were an absurd mistake. He would look at me with an air of deep concern, and sigh heavily at my lack-lustre eye and apathetic expression; then, when he paid me another visit, ho perhaps would keep in a perpetual roar of laughter at what he would designate my quaint flow of language and quick stream of brilliant ideas. My existence at last came to consist of two states —one of which was comparable only to Paradiso, for during its continuance I was lilted completely out of earth life into an Elysium where every concep tion was pleasure, every thought a gigantic delight. The second always succeeded to this exaltation of mind, and it was characterised by leaden despair and unspeakable misery I Occasionally,, a sense of my real condition stole over me, and I would make frantic though futile efforts to break through the clouds which almost reduced mo to an automaton. The effort sometimes restored me to my Winer self for a short time, particularly for tlie first two years ; bat as I neared my 21st birthday, my wandering brain became less and less amenable to reason, until I seemed at last to be living almost con stantly in a world of my own creation, a world which I yet had the senso to know was entirely fict tious. My mtensest struggles to shake off the incubus always occurred whenever Ethel Brandon called. Vy boyish affection for her was tlie only emotion w.iich survived the wreck of my brain, aud I civried it with mo into mv miserable manhood. Ho !' presence instilled into me a fierce desire to free ? my olf from the bonds which so cruelly fettered ..my mind, and to pour words of passionate devotion into her car — words which should convince her of my smity and my undying love. But a' mocking domon laughed me to scorn before the burning sentences could pass my lips, and told me' plainly th it- 1 was mad, as mad as a march hare! Then Ethel's sweet voice would drive away the fiend und rostore me irom a profound melancholy.;., but love would bo an impossibility forme that day. 'Do you think I am really mad ?' I once had the c mrage to ask her. . - 'No, no!' was her quick reply. 'You simply overworked yourself during that wretched examina tion time. But you will soon bo getting better.' -nro you nut ueceiving yourseii anu me r ' 1 retorted. 'Can you not see that I have been steadily ge ting worse during the last year ? ' S'le commenced to give an evasive reply, which I immediately stopped by saying, 'I insist upon a straightforward answer.' 'I think you have not been quite so well lately, but— f , . . 'That is sufficient,' I interrupted. 'Now, ono q 1. stion rnoro. Havo I any right to think of mar r.age ? ' 'Oh no, not yet,' replied Ethel, with a frightened glance. 'I do not think you ought to encourage such au idea at present.' 'I'll crush it down,' I muttered in a voire too low for her to hear. This conversation had a most depressing effect, for it destroyed a pet theory I had cherished, that with Ethel for my wife the shadows which held me in bondage would flee liko the mists before the rising sun. She evidently considered my condition to be worse than her kindheartedness would allow her to express; probably she 'thought it incurable, but was too good to deny me, hope. Then, from the bottomless abyss o£ despair, caused by these medi t itions, I was suddenly borne aloft into the realm - of everlasting joy, where golden glories and pure delights awaited my soul's coming. I revelled in a free intellect, I put on a peace surpassing human understanding! Heavens ! What a uttgnilicent com pensation for tho puny sorrows of the body, what a splendid contrast to the wormlike life of Earth ! But the roseate hues soon begau to fade; a leaden colour pervaded the dazzling gold, aud Heaven slowly thrust 1110 back to the world in gigantic despair that it would not close its gates upon me, a willing prisoner! Ethel only, at these times, had the power of moderating the appalling tortures I suffered, and she, alas, was but too seldom with me, so I had to ttruggle alon e with a f ronzy which rent me with I such remorseless strength that I moro than once contemplated suicide as a certain means of gaining Ihi.t Heaven which had hitherto only admitted me to thrust me back to misery aftor just tasting its joys. Havel sufficiently described the extraordinary o'a'o of mind which made 1110 look upon the world viiha hatred so bitter that I loathed it and its so called pleasures ? But I will once more assert that notwithstanding all my eccentric views of life, 1 never for an instant entertained the thought that 1 was really mad. I convinced myself that my con duct was dictated by no deductions from false pre misses, but by an utter intolerance for the ways, m .uners, and customs of all men except Jack Brandon aud his sister Ethel. Yet I was not a mis anthrope, for I hated no one; it was the mortal life I was condemned to live that I disliked, feared, and dreaded, and every transient glimpse I obtained of tne opening 'eavens served to increase my fear and dreid. While I resolutely refused to acknowledge myself tinged with insanity, I still felt that my con duct was so enigmatical, so totally removed from the course pursued by every man on this mundane planet, that others would necessarily fail to see me as I saw myself, and would be less charitably in cline 1 iu their choice of a term to describe my moatal state.' ' Tl e blow which I dimly forcsaw'at last fell. My u icle, who throughout my sad affliction had treated 1110 with unvarying kindness, deemed it his duty to have me legally declared incompetent of managing my property. To soften tho shock, ho considerately suggested that he should still continue to act as my guardian until such time as I should be restored to health. Thus nothing in my outward life becaino altered by this decision of the Court, but I felt the new position so keenly, that an almost murderous impulso roso in my mind whenever I saw the man who had wrought 1110 this grievous injury. Fortun ately I. succeeded in controlling it, yet for weeks it was an exceeding bitterness to have to assume a friendly bearing towards 0110 who had raised the most impenetrable of all barriers between me and Ethol. I was pronounced bv law a maniac, and no matter how sane, brilliant, and intellectual I might horeafter become, the awful stigma would cut me off for ever from marriage and happiness. I marvel now, as I think of that cruel wrong, that I could I ossibly have exercised such self-restraint. But 'all things come to him who waits,' and I am deeply 'hankful that I gave the world 110 opportunity of seeing my madness further illustrated by a ghastly crime. Eve.- since tho commonccment of this morbid ? ta'e, my unclo had been very careful to keep 1110 almost entirely under his personal supervision. IIo larely let me out of his sight for two consecutive hours, and all my waiks wero taken in his com pany. 1 felt no annoyance at this surveillance, aud only thought it was kind ot the old man to 'bo so » ixiously assiduous. But after ho had, us it wero, reclaimed to the world my maniacal proclivities, 1 endeavoured to let him plainly seo that 1 resented I is curtailment of niy liberty. It was, however, useless to urge him to relax his attentions, so I de. crnrned to adopt a plan of my own which would ;hew him that I was perfectly capable of taking caro of myself. The plan was a veiy simple one, and it wai merely to escape unobserved from tho house, i-leep at 1111 hotel, and return to my sorrowing rela tive some time during tho next day. I imagined that this proceeding would teach liiin better than anything else that all his excessive precautions for my safety wore not only superfluous but ridiculous. No Booner luid I conceived the idea than Iresoiyea to put it in.' 0 execution that very eveuiii''. When 1 A \ supper time arrived I foigned a headache und ro« fusod to eat. I did this becauso I imagined my unclo might havo guessed my purpose and would therefore think it liis duty to visit mo several time9 during tho night. The idea of course was absurd, but conscience makes ono very timorous. Now, nobody with a bad headache would wander about tho streets for hours if he could help it, and if my relative reasoned in this way ho would naturally decide in his mind that I would not make tho ~ attempt to break my bonds on tliifc particular evening. When I mado the announcement unclo Adam looked at 1110 with concern. 'Will you not toko a littlo wine ? ' I10 presently said. 'No, thank you,' I replied. 'All I want is a good sound sleep.' 'A headache is a very unusual tiling with you,' ho continued. 'Where is the pain ? Oh, 011 the left lide. It is evidently neuralgia, and I have some medicine which will soon relieve you.' My spirit rebelled against taking his nauseous compound, and I therefore flatly refused to havo anything to do with it. My obstinacy seemed to arouse a spirit of opposition in him. ne insisted upon my taking something, whether it was food, wine, or physic, but the more I10 coaxed, bullied, or threatened,, so much tho moro dogged became my resistance. 'What can it matter to you, that you insist so Btrongly ? ' I asked with a considerable amount of irritation. Something in my tono seemed to pull him up. He gave 1110 a half-startled look, and said, 'My only ?bject is to cure you,and evcryono knows that stimu lant and food are the best remedies for neuralgia. ? But if you choose to be obstinate, I shall cease to urge you.' H All this wrangling has made my head worse,' I replied with a gesture of pain. 'I feel so done up that with your permission I will retire immedi ately. Kindly tell the servant not to call me in the morning, as I shall probably sleep late.' I rose as I spoke, wished my uncle good-night, and went up the staircase with a thrill of detianco in my heart. Hardly had I arrived at tho first landing when his Voice arrested my progress. 'Think better of it, Gerald, and have a glass of port! ' 'Bother the wine!' I retorted. 'Tho very idea ot it nauseates me !' A smothered interjection, suggestive of extremo irritation, was the only answer I received. He went back to the dining-room, whilst I mounted to my sleeping apartment and commenced preparation, for the midnight expedition. The new excitement seemed to exercise a bene ficial influence over my nerves, for I certainly felt less depressed than I usually did at. this time of tho evening. But if I was more cheerful, 1 yet noticed with inlinite regret that as the time passed by, tho accustomed exaltation of mind which carried my spirit into Heaven failed to make its appearance. It was a sad deprivation, for the visions 1 saw were tlie only things that made my leaden-weighted life ondurable. At 11 o'clock, I heard my unclo and the house hold rotire. For two hours longer I restrained my impatience to bo off, but as the clock struck one, I crept stealthily down tho stairs, noiselessly un fastened the' hall door, and for the first time for nearly three years found myself standing alone ia the streets of London 1 (To be continued ) Mil. Thompson's Retukn. — She's a good-looking, keon-oyed girl of 18, and I shouldn't wonder if) she's a stenographer in some businoss houso in New-'York. I've seen her come over on the Pavoniiv ferry and . f ake a suburban train on tho Erie-road several times, and I always admired the independent mid self reliant way in which she carries herself. Sho isn't bold or brazen, but sails right along 11s if sho had certain rights and was hound to maintain thoin. Ono day last week as she left tlio boat, a middle-aged man of pleasant features, who had followed her over, crowded her with liis elbow and turned and smiled and began 1111 apology. She caught 011 like a flash, lie bad ' poked ' her to create an opportunity, and if not downed then und there lie would pester lier again. A dozen of us saw and heard what happened. She turned 011 him, ex tended lier band for a shake, and artlessly exclaimed: ' Why, Mr. Thompson, is that, you 'i Why, the. last I heard of you you had run away to Bjston with a servant-girl, and your wifo didn't care a cunt ! You must have got back !' lie had. lie had got buck so much that bis faco fired up, the words I10 wanted to utter stuck in his throat, and lie made 11 .mysterious disappearance about five seconds later. ' Knows her biz,' observed a man who was walking behind the girl. ' Y011 bet !' replied his friend. 'She'll make somebody a staving good wife.' Sn.iiWOU.MS fed on castor-oil are considered a luxury in somo parts of America. The tobacco users of San Francisco expend over 5,475,000 dols. on tobacco annually. Tim report of the Beecher trial published in tho New York Times has occupied about 18-10 columns. Surveyohs at Long Island are now busily engaged in surveying for the extension of tho Southern Rail road from Pateliogue to Moriches. ' Buzzard,' meaning a blinding storm, is a now word of general use ' out West,' over which etymo logists are puzzling their heads. A patent medicine man recently posted handbills on all tho gravestones in a cornet ery in Massachusetts. An Iowa bride made every girl of her acquaintance attend her wodding by keeping tho name of tho groom a secret until the last moment. Someiiody in New York has found out a way of taking pictures, by which they can bo taken better in the night than in the day-time. A new social philosopher says tho art of flirting is in its infancy. It will bo a sad day when the thing is grown up. Tiihiie is a new Rochefoucauld who says, ' Women lovo but once ; endeavour to be tho man of every other occasion but that.' IIo has left his card at the club of tho women's rights society, and they want to have a quiet talk with him quite alono. Great excitoment was caused in a rich family by the unaccountable disappearance of a gold snuff- box, richly set with brilliants ; and equal satisfaction whon a young gentleman of six acknowledged that, he had utilised it as a coffin, and buried it with his pet canary in the garden. Sukpei'.ino Survived. — A young lady who vowed she'd wear her lover's kisses on her lips until I10 should come and take them again, aftor his journoy ings, survived her sufferings long enough to bestow them on a responsible third party with a stout bank account. A contemporary says: 'Two medical sooieties met in this city the other day. A cargo of grave stones also arrived during lhe day.' It is not ofton that tho eternal fitness of things sticks out in this mannor. An Ohio cow devoured a pocket-book containing GOO dollars, and yet the owner can't sell tho animal for ono-llfth of that sum. He'll never get the green back. A R0UNi)-sii0ui.i)EiiEi), inquisitive man kicked ^ what ho thought was 1111 ornamental' dog lying 011 a step, to see if it was hollow. It wasn't an ornamental dog, and it wasn't hollow, but was there on business, and tho inquisitive man is now rusticating with his aunt till his leg gets well. The linilo felt funny and playful, or he wouldn't havo upset the milk waggon, lucked the cans l'ull of dust, spilt tho milk all over the driver, and gone homo with the shafts and front, axle tree hanging to him. There is no true confidence to bo placed in 11 mule. Ono may think he's too lazy to kick and run, but I10 knows more about himself than wo do, A nowx-i: aster advertises for a wifo in tho fol lowing manner : ' Any gal what 's got a cow, a good feather bod with comfortable flxins, 500 dollars in hard pewter ; on6 that's had the measles nnd under stands tendin' children, can lind a customer for life, by writin' a small bill)/ dux, addressed to Q. Z., und sticking it in a crnck of Unclo Ebenozer's barn, back side, joinin' tho hogpen.' AccoitniNa to tho rules of relationship, a kid and oleomargarine aro brothers. They both in time take tho placo of tlio old butter. ' PixASi:, sir,' said a boy, with two bottles, to a grocor, ' mothor wants a cent's worth of your best yeast.' ' Well, which bottlo will you havo it in ?' ' Please, sir, sho wants it in both ; and won't you put corks in 'em, and sond 'em homo, as I'm going t'other way ; and mother says sho hain't got no cent, but you must charge it.' Wiiat is the difference between tho sun nnd a boot black ? — Tho sun shines for nothing, but tho boot black shines for 10 cents. ? ' Never send a present hoping for one in return.' Never. Get your present first, nlways, and send yours when you have time. Tun Providencc Trcaiscripl savs: ' Incivility costs nothing.' Come round and bo uncivil to our fighting editor und seo. Solan Chase is to call his now paper ' Them Steers.' Aftor a little experience ho may change it to ' Them Sheafs.' A memdeii of a school committeo writes : ' Wo havo two schoolrooms sufficiently largo to accommodate 300 pupils, one above the other.' . r 