HiS ANGEL. B? Henrt Herman, Author of "Scarlet Fortune," "Eagle Joe," "Between the Whiffs, &c.;" Joint Author of j "The Bishop's Bible," "Wild Darrie," "One Traveller Returns," " The Silver King," j " Claudian," &o.;, &c.; CHAPTER IX. While the black thunderclouds of _ the expo sure of her father's shame were rolling nearer and threatening Miss Angel's peace, the young lady was in the happiest and busiest of moods. An outfit had to be ordered, and tor the first time in her young life Miss Kershaw took an interest, a great interest, in female finery and milliner's artifices. - She considered that in going abroad she was leaving her country which was her own home, and where she could dress as she pleased, for one where the foibles of ceremonious society had to be taken into account, and. where a sop had to be thrown to the Cerberus of fashion if she desired to asso ciate with people who were her equals in station. She bad shrewd common sense enough to understand that whilst in New York and the { States she was Miss Kershaw of Angelica City —a personally whom most people knew, and who could afford to dress as simply or as oddly as she pleased—in Europe the customs and habits of society would have to be considered, and she would not be able, for instanoe, to-go to a dinner party in her ordinary walking dress without attracting uncharitable notice. Much as she disliked it therefore, at first she had to hand herself over to the tender mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. But appetite comes with eating, and whether it was that the enthusiasm of the modiste about gorgeous gowns and mantles and what not was conta gious, or that the young lady had never really understood what delight the female mind can find over the selection of materials, the all important decision anent cut and shape, and especially over that superlatively exciting occupation of trying on, Mass Angers opinions about frocks and frockbuilders gradually, bub surely, underwent a complete change, and she was as happy over her newly discovered excite ment as a child over a new toy. MiBB Kershaw was cloBeted with her philoso pher and guide, the fashionable milliner and dressmaker, oeep in the study of the intricacies of the last Parisian edictB relating to frocks, when Hubert Underwood was admitted below, and immediately proceeded to the library, where he hoped to find Daniel Kershaw. The young man was pale. His eyes wandered about the room restlessly, and his hands trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened to be momentarily absent, and to the young journalist the few minutes that elapsed before the millionaire entered the library appeared in terminable. The old pioneer at once notioed the pecu iarly nervous condition of the usually bo calm and unexoitable young man, and immediately faced him with the remark— "Thar's somethin' gone crooked, boy, Z know. What is it 1" "Mr. Kershaw,"answered Underwood, "I had intended, if possible, to spare you the worry and annoyance which are bound to arise from the disclosure I have to make to you, but matters have taken such' a turn that I deem it my duty to tell you what has hap pened. "Hold hard," exolaimed the old man. " X guess what yew 're goin' to tell me ain't as sweeb as maple sugar, air if yew don't mind I'll sit down to it. Now, my boy," he continued, seating himself in his big armchair," yew can start an' run an' race an' have the whole length o' the road." "My father—the father of whom 1 have such reason to be ashamed"—continued Huberb with an anxious tremour thrilling his voice, " is in New York. He has been in New York for some days." It was Daniel Kershaw's tnrn to feel his nerves tingling with an unaccustomed trepida tion. He had faced dangers of all kindB over and over again ; he had laughed gaunt Death in the face on scores of occasions; but shame, and especially shame and distress to his Angel, affrighted him. A ghost had haunted him for two or three dayB past—a ghost called up by Michael Turner s face which he had seen from his window—the ghost of Hellfire Joe thab scowled at him of a night, and glared ab him from odd corners of his dreamB, and pointed with claw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck and oried " What right have you with my daughter ? Give up my daughter! Tell ber that you killed me!" "Waal," he said slowly, "that ain't news as one would print an' buy a frame for an' hang in' the parlour, but I guess it was to be some day or other. I reokon he wan to money, an' bell have to have it." " I have given him money," retorted Under wood bitterly, " but it is like driplets thrown into the ocean. The more you give the more he wastes in debauchery, and the more he wonts. That would be little, but hehasjusb escaped from gaol and there is no crime that he would not commit when in drink or to geb drink. He made a great show of being anxious to reform, and very nearly succeeded in throw ing dust in my eyes. Luokily he betrayed him self, and he betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudge against you.'* "Agin me?" cried the old man in astonish ment. "What's he got agin me?" The whole story had to be told, the sore had to be laid fully bare. "He says, continued Hubert with slowly nervouB deliberation, "that you hanged his partner, Hellfire Joe, that you nearly hanged him, that Miss Kershaw is Hellfire Joe's daughter, and that he will not allow her to re main in ignorance of her father's name." The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, silent ana grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled, the hps opened, showing the teeth hard set and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of outraged justice, shone in his eyes. " Mike Turner vewr father,'* hissed Ker shaw, " an' hell tell my Angel that her father wob a murderer, an' that I hanged him. Not much he won't, I reckon. Whar is he?" he demanded nearly savagely. "I have him safe for the moment," an swered Underwood aghast at the impression his announcement had made upon the - mil lionaire. "He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canal-street, and the proprietor is keeping watch and guard over him." "But yew cayn'tkeep him thar for ever," cried the"pioneer, "let's keep our heads cool, an' see that the primin's dry. It won't do now to go to Yewrup, an' leave him hyar. That would look cowardly, an' no man or devil shall ever say that Dan'l Kershaw wos afraid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my boy, that Cbeeseface Mike is yewr father any more than it's my Angel's fault that Hellfire Joe was hers." He bad confessed the hard naked trutlr without knowing that he had confessed it, bub now that it was told he felt the load of a mill stone taken from his mind. For years he had jealously guarded the secret. Now another man shared it, the man of all others most likely to shield with the bulwark of his own life her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing that his betrothed was of as lowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as himself, was so steeped in his love thab he felt not even a tinge of added joy over the discovery which brought Angeiioa Kershaw to a nearer level with himself. She was nob lowered a hairsbreadth in his esteem, in his reverence, in his adoration. Only a tremorous pity, a tender sorrow that anointed his lovs ana made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not a remark, not an exclamation of surprise escaped from his lips. His Angel was his Angel, and he would as lief have chided a butterfly for having sprung from a chrysalis as havedreamed of deeming it a reproach that she was as low bora as himself. " I guess yew've got to let me handle thab father o'yewr'n." continued Daniel Kershaw. "It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another man could. He ain't quite a doggone fool, Cheeseface Make aint. If he's jest escaped from pris'n he knows that he can be sent back again. He may think that his own son wouldn't do that, but he's tasted samples of my pepper a/ore, an' I gpeas his mouth is smartin' yet. Thar's two things to be did. Mike Turner's got to be tnade to keep a close tongue and —" here the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor vibrated through it—"my Angel's got to know that I ain't her father." " But surely," exclaimed Hubert. "Ob, don't yew go an' frighten yourself," \- interrupted Kershaw. " I ain't goin' to tell ber nothin' about Hellfire Joe an' hie gallows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained by that. But I count aa I got to be honest at last, an' tell her \- as I've stole her love, an' beg her to forgive me —to forgive me." The voice beoame Boftor and nearly tearful as he went on. It was the voice of a poor repentant sinner proclaiming bis hope of a pardon to come. , , " Yes, my boy," he repeated, ' I ye stole her love, an what's more," he added with a stern resolution, " I mean to keep it, God bein ■willin', all the days of my life. Now yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yew bring that father o' yewrn to me hyar. If it eayn t be did, yew come back an' let me know, an' I'll go down to him." ... "It's on'y right, he muttered when the voung man was gone. " It wosn'c fair to start with, an' God knows I've tried to fight agin it, an' tell her of it this many a year past." The young lady was in a pretty pout at being disturbed. "What a bother, daddie, dear," she ex claimed as she came into the room, radiant with the glow of agreeable excitement. " Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her assistant and she has to go back nearly immediately, and she can't wait." "Sit down here, my Angel, he said softly. Never mind the dressmaker for a few minutes." "A few minutes?" she cried, pursing her pretty lips; " a few minutes ?" ■m" Yea, a few minits," he replied. "Per haps ten, perhaps fifteen. Yew'll give them to yewr daddie, won't yew, if he asks yew?" " Why, you're as seriouB as a Judge, daddie dear," rejoined Miss Angel, seating herself on a footstool at his feet and looking up into his eyes. "What m the matter 'i What has hap pened?" He took her hand between biB two hands and kissed her upon the forehead long and fervently. " I love yew so, my Angel," he breathed. "I believe I'd die if I were forbid to love yew. 1 ain't much of a hand at sayin' whys, nor wherefores, nor hows, but I know that yew're settled jest here, jest on my heart, an' giowed thar." " I know this, daddie darling," she whis pered surprisedly. "I have known it ever since I've been able to understand what it is to be loved." " An' yew love me, my dear ?" he coutinued in the same tenderly vibrating half-broken voioe. " Yew love me as a good gell ought to love her father. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me because yew think I'm yewr father, or do yew love me because it s yewr nature, an' yew can't help lovin' me ?" She looked up at him with her big, dark eyes, brimming with her heart's full devotedness. " What a question to ask, daddie," she said Bmilingly. " I love you because I love yon— because you're the dearest daddie in the world —because not to love you would be impos sible." I "Ah, would it?" he retorted. Suppose— jest suppose—I wosn't yewr father. Suppose yewr father wos dead an' gone long ago, an' I've taken his place an' given out as I was j yewr father." His eyes were glued upon her as be spoke. ' He watched every movement of her features as if all his heaven was staked upon her reply, i '• I don't want to suppose any such thing," i she answered; "what is the good of it?" ! " Answer me," he pleaded. " Suppose it wos — suppose I wosn't yewr father —how would it be then?" j "Why, if it were so," she replied with drooped eyes, and the fingers of one hand nervously moving across the open palm of the other, "you have been my father. I know no other; I can remember no other; I I can think of no other." " But if I had told yew lies," he went on in a hoarse stoniness—if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, beoos I had to say somethin', yew know, when yew asked questions (an' yew did ask a lot, yew know, all sorts of 'em, about yewr mother, an' about things, an' I, I told them one after another, an, one wickeder than another, beoos you see, my dearie," he cried in an agony of confession, " I am not yewr father, an' I've lied to you all this while. An' now it's had to come out an' yew'il despise me." He turned his face aside and buried it in his hands. She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy welling in her eyes and rolling over her oheeks, drew his fingers aside from where they .rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heartstrings were overstrained in their effort to make sweet music, " No, daddie, darling," she cried. " Never, daddie darling, never, now, in this life which is yours, .never, now or hereafter. You not my father? There is only one for me beside you, the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now than you ever could have been." And kissing him again and again in such holy embrace as a daughter may give to her j parent, she laid ber head on his bosom, and the sturdy pioneer wept with her as though they both were children. She pulled out her handkerchief and dried liis eyes and hers at the same time. " Listen to roe, my Angel," he whispered. " I'll have it off my chest, as much of it, at any rate, as yew need to be told." A shiver of self-reproach went through him at that moment, as he reflected that a portion at least of the dread facts would have to be concealed from her. " Yew wos a tiney wee babby," he went on slowly and stolidly, " when yewr father died, just about three year old, an' yew had no one in the wide world to give yew as much as a drop o' water—no father, no mother, no sister, no brother, no nobody. I knowed yewr father. He was not a very good man, but it ain't my place hyar to say a word agin him afore yew, his daughter. Yew wos the prettiest baby that I ever seed, an' the moment I set my eyes on yew I took to yew, an' yew took to me. yew could barely toddle then, an' I was as pleased as a equaw over a new red blanket to have a little thing like yew crowin' at me J when I cum home from the mountains or from prairie loafin'. An' then yew growed, an' the more yew growed the more yew got to be a need to me, an' I ■would rather have done without my pipe an' my whisky fifty times, aye, than without yew. An' then yew got old enough to talk, an' to ask about things, an then the lies had to begin, an' yew called me daddie, an' I didn't like to say 1 nay to that—it would have hurt me to say nay to that. Then all the folks about called yew Kershaw's little wench, an' I didn't say nay to that either, an' the bigger yew growed the prettier yew growed, anryew got to be jest a bit of my heart like, an' a man might as easy have cut a slice o' that out as yew. Then I got rich, an' the gold cum tumblin in, wagins full, an' I wos glad it cum. I said to myBelf that's all for my Angel; ata' that pleased me, yew know, an' made me work harder, cos 1 had vew,.my dearie, to .work for. An' yew growed quite a lady, an' so hensum, an' so lovin, an' so . kind to me, an' all the people loved yew, an' I wos , so proud that they did lovo yew, an' though I often did think of tellin' yew, I never had the heart to do it till now. An' now I have told yew, an' yew haven't called me names, an' yew've kissed me, an' I'm happiarthanever I wos, cos I've told yew what yew ought to have knowed years agone." He raised her and drew ber to his breast and enfolded her slight frame with his great strong arms, and pressed her to his heart, and neither of them uttered a whisper for the space of a minute or two. "Do not speak of this again, daddie darling," she breathed. "I want to know no more about it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel how much I owe to your love. But for you I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the prairies, a straw cast before the winds, and here I am rich, respected, beloved, and cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full appreciation of my debt to yon, but I will soon, daddie dear, I will. But I love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright," she exclaimed with changed countenance, jumping up and regarding herself in the mirror, "and Mrs. Mortimer will think that you've been scolding I don't me, and have made me cry. care," she added brightly, smoothing her tresses and cooling her glowing face with her handkerchief, " let her think what she likes." She blew a kiss to him, as she paused for a moment at the door. "God bless you, daddie darling," she whispered, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that had cooled the burning face. Gone like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sttn-Bcorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happi ness in its wake. Gone as love does go, when it has brought life and hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer was sitting in his armchair dreamily, as he had never remembered him self before. A doubt still battled in his mind. Ought I to have told her all, he deliberated with himself? Ought I to tell her still?■ No, no, no, no! came the answer of his conscience clear as a clarion; you must not break her young heart, and blest all her life with the oankering thought that her father was an At that moment young Underwood appeared at the door, paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. " What's the sign now ?" asked Kershaw. "Is thar a painther loose?" "No," gasped the young man, "but a creature that's far worse. My father has got away again." "Got away!" exclaimed the pioneer. "Waal!" " He has nearly murdered the landlord of the hotel," continued Underwood. " He made a ghastly, horrible sling shot by filling a heavy tumbler with the iron tops screwed off from the fireirons, and tying the lot in a handker- j chief, he lay in wait behind the door for the poor man, and when the latter entered to give him his luncheon he struok him with a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half a dozen pieces and fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man will live, and in the hurry and scuny my father got clean away." "Waal, boy, what do you propose to do?" asked Kershaw. " Heaven only knows," replied the journa list. "There'll be a trial now, and an expo sure, and Miss Angelica may hear all about it, for the old villain will certainly not hold his tongue. Oh, God!" he cried, " is it a sin to wish one's own father dead ?" 