NEWS AND NOTES. A pigeon match will be held on Wednesday afternoon at Old Shoot'em's hotel, Laaneeoorie. The promoters guarantee a first-class supply of birds. A Castlemaine United eleren played a match at Kyueton on Wednesday last, when they defeated the local club by a dozen Tuns after an interesting game. For Castlemaine T. F. Dawes made the highest score, be playing weH for 25 runs. The Maldon skipper also figured prorniceDtly .in die bowling and fielding departments. Mr. Mark Amos, Mining Registrar for the Fibers District, lias been appointed by the Government as their representative on the Castlenraine District Prospecting Board. Sir. T. Harding has been unanimously chosen by the Maldon, Chewton, and Daylesford Miner's Associations to represent them at the same Board. The Maldon cricketers proceed to Castlemaine this afternoon to play the United Club there on the Camp Reserve. The following will represent Maldon :— Dawes, Williams (4), Blackmore, Davis, Waterson, Rewell, Thompson, Ramsey, Boyle, Collicott, and Gaynor. A cab will leave Maldon at 1.30 o'clock sharp. Oar Melbourne correspondent informs us that k is more than likely that Maldon will be visited on Monday bv the Hon- Geo. Graham, Minister of Water Supply, Stuart Murray, Chief Engineer, and Mr. Meaking, Secretary of the Water Supply Department, wbo are about to visit the couutiy to be irrigated by ilie Loddeu Irrigation Scheme, the weir of which-is at Laaoecoorie: It is die intention of the Slaldon Brass 1 Band to give' a .moonlight coneeix on Tuesday evening next in the sports | reserve adjoining tlie Shire .Stall. - There : will be uo charge for admission. The concert will commence at half-past eight o'clock and will terminate at about 10 : o'clock. The baud will place (heir stand close to the newly-form ed straight running : track, wllere the ground is GOIOOUI, and as they intend' to intersperse their musical selections wit& sets of quadrilles and walusesi those fond of tripping on the ; light fantastic will be afforded an opporuiuiLj of dancing on the gi'uen sivard. One of the %rack metropolitan bowling (Albert Park) will visit Mahton and |>!ay the local bowlers two games to-day. . A bush fire was ragine yesterday afternoon, and as seen from Malnon, appeared to be in the direction of South Muckleford. Mr. Davison announces another auction sale at the tyccam Store, on Monday next, of ironmongery* tinware, pajjarhangings &c.; The Bariughup Agricultural. Show wOl be liela on March 4th. Tenders are called for the publican's booth and catering, refresh ih< Stall &c.;, returnable on 31st January. , Tlie Rev. T. Robinson will be iuducted as the pastor of the Presbyterian Churches of Maldon, Harin^linp. and Eastville, on Tuesday nest, at 3.30 p.m. The Revs. Gray (Avoca), Jackson (Dunollv), and Patterson (Carisbrook), will conduct the service. After the ceremony a public tea meeting will be held in the church, commencing at G o'clock. The monthly pigeon match of the Castlemaine Gun Club took plaice at Wattle Flat on Wednesday. The trophy presented by the president) Mr. Hugll Psttitt, of Maldon, was finally won by Mr. A. Lbuillier, of Sandhurst. The vice- president's (Mr. T.' Williamson) prize was won by Mr. S. Musselwhite, with Mr. S. Nicholls second. Mr. James Boyct had bad luck with his horses at the Ray wood races on Wednesday. He took up Sardomere, "V.C., and Herodius, but only succeeded in winning one race—the Wilson Plate, of 20 sovs. Sardomere ran well in the Trial Stakes, but some people thought that he did not " come" soon enough. V.C. ran third in the Raywood Handicap, whilst Herodius was second in the Final Flutter, badly ridden by Warke. The building committee of the Sew St. Brigid's Roman Catholic Church, will meet at 4 o'clock to-morrow afternoon, to finally arrange plans and specifications, tenders for which will be called for in our Wednesday's issue. Father Collins will, on Sunday, be with the Maldon parishioners for the last tithe as their pastor, he having been appointed by Archbishop Carr to a position at the Melbourne Cathedral. The Kevs. R. W. Cooke, M. A. of Holy Trinity Church, Maldon, and H. Fairbrother, incumbent of Sorrento, have made a very good arrangement by which they will both enjoy a good change. Mr. Cooke having proceeded to Sorrento for a month, while Mr. fairbrother has taken up his abode m Maldon for a similar term. The latter rev. gentleman will conduct all services in Trinity Churah to- morrow. An amusing scene was witnessed at the auction sale conducted by Mr. Davison on Wednesday last in the Lyceum Store. A well-known Maldon publican attended as a purchaser and sat himself down on a cask, and mistaking the auctioneer for the parson, went to sleep, and notwithstanding the din of the sale and the auctioneer's stentorian tones slept soundly until after the sale was over. When roused by an acquaintance his face Wore A coinieal expression. When he was acquainted, however, that the sale would \>e resumed on the following Monday he regained his usual equanimity. What would in all probability liwe been an extensive and destructive bush fits was averted (says the Castlemaine correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser), on Thursday, in theMuckleford Valley by theoppoitune appearance of a party of Castlemaine gentlemen on a fishing excursion. When Hearing one of Mr. T. Lee's paddocks, they discovered that a quantity of grass and brush was on fira, the origin apparently being the carelessness of a sWagnian in leaving his camp fire alight. The flames were encroaching on some long and rank grass, and had this caught, an extensive conflagration must have resulted. The getrtlemen referred to ob tained some bushes, atid, after some difficulty, mastered the flames, although a strong wind was blowing at the time. A cricket match was played Wednesday in theShire Reserve, thecontending parties being elevens representing the Maldon Club and the Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society. J- C. Williams acted as skipper for the Maldon Club, and the Rev. A. J. Collocott held a like position for the " Mutual." The former won the toss and elected to take the wickets, when the first four or five representatives made an excellent stand, but towards the close of the innings the wickets fell much quicker; however, the respectable score of 94 was compiled. Blackinore played the best innings of the day, scoring 34 by free batting, when he was well caught by George Ray. W. Williams totted up 28 in much quicker style than is his wont, while Dewsnap played well lor 14. The most successful bowlers for the *' Mutual" were Williams and Boyle. The " Mutual" eleven made but a feeble display against the trundling of W. Williams and Gay nor, who dismissed them for 2a runs, no less than half-a-dozen failing to "break the ice." Boyle 10, and Ramsey and Williams G apiece were their only seorers. The " Mutual" made a second essay with the bat and realised a better Score, compiling 43 for the loss of <> wickets. Williams contributed 16 to this total by good cricket. In referring to the mishap which occurred on the Castlemaine and Maryborough line last Tuesday, at a' point betwixt Newstead and Joyce's Creek, we learn from a reliable source that the break-down was not due to the locomotive jumping the rails,-as was stated in our last issue. We alse observed that the Castlemaiae and Melbourne papers related that the same thing caused the accident. However, the reports were all mis-leading, as the true cause of the accident was due to the breaking of the axle of the driving wheel of the engine. The wheel traversed along the rails for a short distance, damaging the sleepers and cutting off the bolts which join the rails together, but when it reached the tangent point of the curve H left the rails and dashed 1 into the fence, and there remained. The train to which thiB somewhat peculiar accident befel was a lilggage traia, which is rimed to leave Castleftiaihe at 8.16 a.m., but on this occasion was over half-an-hour lace, and it is generally supposed dint die ' niHst have been travelling at a higher rate of speed than usual when the mishap occurred, for when a train IB behind time quick travelling is resorted to' to dmead •natters-. It is estimated that the engine was damaged to the extent of £200. It appears now to be an established custom that when there is no direct reason to attribute a railway accident to thle conclusion is readily availed of that tie engins' " jumped the rails," or jumped the points.' 1 ' A second tertsis match was ptayetf yesterday on the local court between Maldon and' "Trinity Wanderers." Alter" ia very pleasant game, the Wanderers won by 21 guinea. The follow ing are the scores:—Messrs. Xiong and Salter beat Messrs. Hamilton and Panll G-4, G-5, and Messrs. M'Leod and Robinson, 6-3,6-4. Messrs. Adams and Gray were beaten by Messrs. Paull and Hamilton, 2-G, 6-4, and- beat Messrs; M'Leod and Robinson, 6-4, 6-2: Totals- Wanderers, 44; Maldon, 32. The last of these series of matches will take place on Monday, whea Maldon will strive to turn the "tables on their opponents, riiwr of tb'e agricultural article ifc. Figaro jives the following as his experiences ofian attempt to noison the apairovrs which, Milage fee food provided for jhe birds in KB aviaty I steeped some h'empseed M a solution of strychnine, and spread it over a layer of .ordinary hempseed. What happened The Bparrows deliberately winnow& 'away the top dressing with their :wings, aid sfibbied up tE6 food wliffib Bad not beenfjMisoned!" Lord tollemache was known lor feall * century is the best landlord and orie a the best practical farmers in England. He OWflea iSgreat -agricultural 'estati of 26/WO acres in Cheshire and 7.000 acres in Suffolk —and i{ was most liberally and wisely managed: His paramouut and absorbing object wis to do every justice both t» the land and to the people who lived on it, End he was untiring in his efforts to promote the prosperity and to improve the social condition of his farmers and laborers. Lord Tollemaahe introduced allotments many years ago'; and his model cottages were unique, each one having a bakehouse, piggery, outhouses, and half a&-acre if ground attached to it. He considered that 200 acres Is the proper site for a farm, and, when breaking Up bis-estate to carry out his principle, he ixpsnded £15,000 iu erecting new farmhouses, us Well as a very large sunt in cottages and buildings. He was most kind and considerate to every one on his estates, and perfectly unassuming. Lord Tollemeche was esteemed by people eT all classes and parties, and he Certainly had not an enemy in the world. Throughout a long life he devoted himself to promote, thfe benefit and happiness of those around him, and to do works of duty and beneficence; and all the duties of his station were fulfilled in the most exemplary m&nner.; Miss Helen Hart, it seems,SB still sojourning in Sandhurst j not that she Ibves bur town so dearly (says ''Mosquito" in the Sendigo Independent), as that owing to the small repute in which her " lectures " are held shte cannot rise the feathers to fly away with. Quarrelsome though she is, One cannot help feeling pity for a poor soul like her, cast among strailgersj far and away from her own country, and the " ghost" declining to walk her lecture stage. She should give up lecturing and preaching. AssuredlJ it is not her forte. She should resume whatever line of usefulness she was engaged in before she became ambitious of taking to public life. It will .probably pay her better and tend to her recovering that equanimity of temper which has been so sadly tried by the contemplation of empty.seats £.t lier lectnrns. Recapitulating her grievances, she writes that in Castlemaine last Sunday afternoon she did some ont-door religious preaching—a scriptural address is the good lady's tenti for it. Then she took up a collection, and_ it brought in orie half-crown, one shilling, nine three=penny pieces, ode penny, and & button—tctal cash, 5s. 10d. Thus there were thirteen philantrophists (including him of the button) in Castlemftine last Sunday afternoon. Bdt there wefe fewer it Gfcewton, where she " labored " with an open air gospel address later on the same day. There were 300 persons listening to her. As she writes in her ptiguli&t;' cacogfaphy and orthography, " I took Ephraim 6t [no, Oil looking closer !Lt ber manuscript I find it if Ephesians] childe ony yur parets, ets, collections Is. 4d., two pieces Of stone." She was righteously disgusted, and no Wonder—10 pence.and two bits of stone in the hat was bad for 300 people. I might grte tnuch more from tbc long letter of this much tried individual, but as it is frightfully bad to decipher, cast it aside, with a hope that she will chango her occupation, and in some other branch of activity strike better gold than she got in her open-air Sunday addresses at Castlemaine and Cbewtou. 