THE HOUSE OF RIMMON. A 8TOST OF THE "BLACK CODNTUY" OF SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Bt JEANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of " Atjsr SaBOSB'B Two Laoamm," bto, CHAPTER XXXVIII.— (CoiiTiNUED.) Madeline on every occasion kejjt as much in the background aa possible, distinguished moat by her unobtrusive helpfulness. But when the vicar gave bis Christmas Ere party this year, she was prevailed upon to accompany tbe Saltrings, principally to avoid making herself oo&spicuous; by resisting their imjiortunities. Here, during the performance of a Beethoven sonata for piano and violin by Miss Towers and the vicar (he had a great idea of elevating ; the popular taste), Madeline sat with such rapt attention that the eyes of eveiyone become zixed upon her. Mr. Rockingham caught her in , her listening attitude, and when, the sonata was «ver, askea her if she played. "I have been accustomed to playing, she replied amply. "Some of my relatives are ; professional mosiciaiie." She had scarcely uttered these words when , she appeared to regret them. Mr. Rockingham caw this, and so led her at once to the piauo, j and placed her before a volume of Beethoven's eonatn. She sought oat the Sonata Appas sionato, and rendered tbe surpassing music with , deep feeling. Every one, even tbe least edu cated, present, was impressed, and all agread that she must not be allowed to 6top. Still as ' simply and aa self- forgetfully she commenced , "Les" Adieux." Never was more pathos | thrown into the sonata, Mr. Rockingham thought. She made the instrument speak , impassioned and plaintive farewells, heart- fadings and misgivings, and deep and hallowed , affection. But when the theme of the Return broke from her fingers, the joyousness of it excited the vicar, and Amy Towers, and Peibors, who had in spite of herself drawn near, beyond description. Madeline turned, and seeing their marked pleasure, repeated this final movement unasked. Their silent wish thus granted thexn, caused Mr. Rockingham to reflect that he had never seen such delicacy of feeling in any one before. He began to be deeply interested in her. When she had finished, be said to her in a reverential twin — ' You 6 aid you had some relatives who were professional musicians, Miss Orme. Why did yon not tell me you were one yourself r" "Because I am not one," said Madeline gravely, and looking without fear into the eyes of tho clergyman. "Really, Mr. Saltring." said the vicar, 44 how have you possessed yourself of all this talent, j and why in the name of charity have you bidden tbe light under a bushel?" 41 Well." replied Mr. Saltring, rather red but very good-humoured, "I don't know much about music myself, hut it tiitl strike me she played very well; but my daughter, who is a bit of a judge, thought otherwise." Mr. Saltring was redder after having made fhiti remark, for he was conscious of having said more than he lied intended. But feeling compelled to say something else now, he added, with all appearance of candour, ' I may a well tell you that she sings, or you will bay I have hidden that light under a bushel, too." There was a general buzz when this was heard. Everybody was of one opiuion. She must sing at on:e. Her talking voice was so swart, what must it be when she sang r "I feel as if 1 am being shouru," said Made line, with the faint smile which traversed her face rarely. 41 But since you wish it, I will There was no need to ask for silence when the sat dowu once more before the piano. As the vicar had shown so strong a preference lor Beethoven, it was 44 Adelaide" that she chose to sing. She sang it to tho Italian words. One woman, a butcher's wife, remarked to one of her friends, 41 It's the beautifallest thing I ever heard sung. But I cau't think the words are very gooi. They sound Roman Catholic like.' Never had there been such a jwrty at the vicarage. Mrs, Saltring was reconciled to having ome; lor wasn't this great attraction of the evening her own property, so to speak er to say the least, her importation? Late that night, Mrs. SaJtriug enteredMado- line's chamber to kiss her favourite again, and made much of her. She found her weeping bitterly, aud nothing sho could do induced the girl to say why. It waj a groat trouble to her, but she was compelled by Madeline's entreaties to leave her. Aud Madeline kept a vipi! that night, and made a retrospect of her past, with its harrowing details, against her will. This was Lor occupition atiU when the slow winter moruiug broke ; it was Christmas Bay. All eyes were turned ou Maduliuuas bIio, with the Sdltriugs, pissed up the church aisle on Christmas morning. Those who had been at thevicaiage the night before gazed with re- Dewed interest on the musician who had beeu revealed to them. Something unusual was ou the seat Madeline ordinarily occupiod. It was an exquisitely bound copy of the Christmas anthems ; and Madeline's name was inside the cover, iu the vicai's handwriting. Within the book was a bookmark with three ribbon hang ing from it; at the end oi eachwasa piece of silver, on whi:h were engraved, though dimly, for the thing was old, the features of a com- poser. 44 Well," whispered Mr. Saltring, 14 he might have given you something new, at any rate, if he wanted to make you a present." 44 Oli, no," Madeline replied. 44 He has offered mo something he values, I am sure of it." The bell stopped, and the vicar entered and took his accusto aied place, not without a glunco through hU spectacles at the Saltringe' pew. Madeline was holding his present iu her hands. Perhap9 no ono hut Madeline knew that he saw tliie, But it was evident to all tho congrega tion that the vicar was on his mottle ; ho had never before preached such a sermon. And in tbe Christinas anthem the perfect voice of the Stranger minstrel rose aud filled the church. 44 You never sang in chur;h before," Mrs. Saltring observed to her as they were going out, 44 It was the least lean do,'1 Madeliue re plied. At the porch the vicar met them, fte shook bands with Madeline lost. Instead of thanking him as an ordinary girl would have done, for the gift she had received, Madeline fixed her clear eyes upon him, aud softly asked, "Will you tell me to whom that bookmark be longed?" "I did not expect that question," responded the vicar dreamily, 44 but 1 will tell you.." Aud. ha fell behind the others, and the two walked Wan rely between tbe gravestones, and the dark -tioak the girl was wearing brushed his clerical aleeve. 44I am not surprised yon nsked me, now I think of it," the vicar remarked, glancing at the graves and not seeing them. (< I have one sister now, but I once had another. But she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. This bookmark was hers. When I heard you sing AdelaYda you won it from me. I will tell yon some more when I can, if you wQl let me." "Itii very good of you to trust me," said Madeline, looking meekly down. 44 1 will never part with the bookmark." And then, as if inspired to &Bk; ono more question, she in quired, 44 She did not die, your sister, did she ?' The voice in which he replied, 44 No," was scarcely audible. They had reached the chnrch gates, and parted on their respective roads. When she reached home, a new surprise awaited Madeline. A large packet had been left for her during church-time. The writing outside it was identical with that upon the book of anthems in the church. She sat dowu in a chair, and undid her packet. It was & volume of Beethoven's sonatas, but not a new one ; and on the cover was the name 44 Olive Rocking- bun.44 As the name met her eyes, they dilated. All the honsehold were crowding about her; but she could not refrain from saying, 44 How strange ! How very strange !" 44 It is a great compliment," said Madeline, 44 that he should have given me these. They belong to his dead sister, or at any rate a lo.it sister," 44 Well, what is there odd in it, then?" said Mrs. Saltring 44 Only this," said Madeline, dreamily turn ing the leaves of the sonatas, 44 my mother's name, was Olive." Mrs. Saltring expected more on hearing this ; but Madeline began to draw off her gloves leisurely, then rose and went upstairs. The plum- pudding had been brought in, all burning, according to old custom; and a dish of hot mince pies nad caUod forth a shout of glee from the youngsters. This shout covered a cry from Madeline, who was seated opposite to the window, and saw someone pass. That someone rang at the door, and was admitted. A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring, and gave him a card. ,4&tranpc;!" he said; "I don't know the name at all. Rimpler who can be be ?" At the 60und of the name, Madeline grew more composed; 44 a chance likeness, that waB alt," she thought. "Well," Mr. Saltring said to his wife, 44 1 will go and see him, and bring him iu. He may as well join us. He'll take a gloss of wine at all events. He may possibly have come from a distance." Aud Mr Saltring laid bis table-napkin upon the table in a heap. Mrs. -Saltring could not help noticing Made line's peculiar look; and it passed through her brain iu a vague way. bow queer it was that people's looks should be so different on different days, and resemble people they had nothiug to do with. Ouo day Madeliue re minded her of Keziab's baby, but now there was a proud look iu her face that recalled to beruo one so much as Mr. Rockingham. It was odd; and she unconsciously wondered what had brought it there at this particular moment. All. Saltring'a loud voice was loon heard as he approached the door across the hall. The dining-room- rioor swung open. Mr. Rimpler was with him. Madeline did not turn her face, Sho had never known a Mr. Rimpler. fie bom a very strange likeness to someone she had known. She would not look at him. Air. Rimpler, for his part, did not notlcs anyone but Mrs. Saltring, to whom he was in troduced, and with whom he entered into con versation. 44 You know the people I am with, 1 believe,'' he said to her. 4 I ain Mr. Hackbit's clerk, aikd it is his business that has brought me here to- day, or rather his trouble. He is ill, and Mrs. Backbit begged me to ask Mr. Saltriog to come over. Claret? Yes, thank you." His glass was filled. Mr. Rimpler glanced round the table, in the act of raising his glass to his li|h>. 44 Good heavens," he exclaimed— 44 1 mean, good claret." Everybody stared at him. What did be mean bv saying "good heavens," lor "good claret," and in euch a tone too? But it was quite clear he had sufficient cause to exclaim, for Mis9 Orme was in the act of falling from her chair in a swoon. That must have been what startled him. But how odd, then, that he should have said 44 good claret," after 44 good heavens," A great commotion followed, in which Mr. Rimpler made good hie escape from another room, explainijung in a not altogether natural voice, that strangers were best out of tbe way. He was alone iu tbe drn wing-room for some minutes. He struck his hands together two or three times, and said. 44 Curse it ! She's in fernally like her. She i her ! and it's tbe most unpleasant business. She knew me; that's why she fainted. Con— found it !" At length a smile broke over his face. 44 1 needn't trouble myself," he thought. 44 She doesn't ueom to know me. Besides, I can swoar I've never seen her before: mistaken identity. Very awkward though ! I should'nt care for it to come out that I was a medical student in Germany, aud all the rest of it. Wonder where hcrjjftuolher is? By Jove though, she's growD handsomer: and more a fool, probably. She must have been a fool to believu me. I wonder what she'd think, if she knew that the child wasn't dead, alter all, but ouly taken away. It 6 a very strauge coincid ence that Mrs. Hackbit's adopted child should hare 60 much of her look. Mere coincidence. It would be too much like the \H»uny agouie9, if that were to turn out to be the very child. Yet each things have happened. It's so diftiexilt to pet at the truth, tbo woman having left tho neighbourhood directly, end taken the child with her. Aud Mrs. Hackbit gays this child was a collier's, who was killed in an ex plosion, and the mother died of the shock ; so the thing seems t pitre enough." Mr. Saltring entered, aud put an eud to these rellcctions. 44 How is Miss the young lady $' ashed Mr. Rimpler in a matter-oi-foct tvay aud with no expression of any son ca hie face. 41 Miss Orme is better now. She is not strong. She has had excitement this moruiug ; that must be the reason of her fainting. It is uot the firet time she hr.6 dene so since she has been with ub," 44 Has she been with you lung:" asked Mr. Rimpler unconcernedly. " Not very," replied Mr. Saltring : 44 but we have grown very fond of her, and we hope she won't' 'leave us any more." Mr. Rimpler devoutly toped she would, but culd scarcely make the remark. 44 How long has Mr. Hackbit been so ill?" ':\VeIl, he 'a been drinking a great deal tatr-ly ; and 1 think it's been coming on bitu tbe last few days. There waa uo keeping him from it. I did liiy best ; but w ho am I, to dictate to him r" 14 There's no train for such a long time," said Mr. Saltring, "that we must drive. It's too far for one horse ; but I kuow a public-house where 1 cau change on the way. I've done it before," Mr. Saltrirur's dog-trap appeared at the door : and he and Mr. Rimpler got into it, and drove away, Mr. Rimpler remarking upon the froti- ness'of the air and the slipperiuess of the road, inthernost natural manner, and not committing the human weakness of looking back. CHAPTER XXXIM.— ME. Hacklit'S CHRIST- ! m.vs Day. It was between five and six o'clock when Mr. , Saltring and Mr. Rimpler arrived at Hackbit's house ; it was dark. There was no light in any of the downstair rooms facing the street : but one of the two upper rooms had a light, which ehono through dark red curtains. Oq entoriug they were met by Wilson, who ignored Mr. Rimpler altogether, and looked at, addressed, niul answered Mr, Saltring only. The doctor had eeu Mr. Hackbit, aud had ordered such large doses of laudauura, and so often, that Mrs. Hnckhit dared uot give them. She was upstairs with Mr, Hackbit, which Wilson did not think proper or safe, as Mr. Hackbit wus mad, iu her opinion, aud wauted a strait-jacket, Mr. Saltring went upstairs, and Mr, Rimpler remained where he was. forthe time, and after wards went to bis own bedroom and eat there. As Mr. Saltring opened tho door of the bed room, lie saw ivexiah, terrified and weeping, and Mr. Hackbit iu a very menacing attitude. He seemed to recognise Mr. Saltring as he entered, and addressed him at once. 41 I'm glad you've couie," ho said, with heavy aud ill-aimed movements, trying to wipe the perspiration from hie brow and iace, which was deeply red. "You will eoe me righted. They're in a plot agaiut me. She's iu it,' poiuting with a tmratling hand towards Keziah. <4The devil's iu it too. And I saw hiiu la?t night looking ut the wiudow. They're all in the plot." 14 \\\V 11 see it all put right," Mr. Saltring replied, soothingly. Then turning to Rerinh, he said, 44 Wilson Bays you've not given the medicine the doctor ordered," 44 It's l&uhmnm.;" whiapersd Keriah, with dilated eyes," 44 aua no much and so often, I'm afraid." You roust not be afraid," said Mr, Salt- ring. 44 Let me give it." Hackbit bcg&u; to walk about the room un evenly and rapidly. Mr. Saltring steadily dropped the laudanum into a glass. 44 Come, Hackbit," ha said, u drink this." (Hackbit made a step forward, and attempted to grasp the glass, but missed his aim, and hie hand closed on air. He, was standing close tc Mr- Saltring now. His eyes ware injected ter ribly, and looked as if he .could &ot; have slept for many nights. Mr. S&ltriiig; raised the glaes to his lips. Hackbit attempted to hold it, too, but trembled so violently that hfe teeth chat tered against the gloss. He swallowed the dose, however. "I shall be ruined," said ho, as soon as he haaswauowed it. " They're all in the plot, Sftlfap.g- There's that lumpier, he ferrets everything out, He got to Know all about uncle Runmon and the business in Brum." Here be broke off, and began to strike the air violently. " Take that," be eaid, "and that." The perepitation me pouring off him now. Mr. Saltnog pinioned him, fearing what he would do next. V Look here." he eaid, " Saltring. I'm not going to to eut with them knives. I know what you re holding me for." " You're not going to be cut with any knives," replied Mr. Saltring. 44 Well,'' returned Mr. Hackbit, confidsn- tiolly, " I've killed that fellow three times to day, ana there he is again," and be shook him- sell free of Mr. Saltring, and planned towards the mirror, in which waa his own reflection, and sent it smashing into the window. Mr oalt ring seized him, but be was not snffioient Hackbit struggled and raved. Keriah flew from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler Wilson was on tbe staircase. "Fetch the doctor," Keziah said to her; the master's worse." She did not go back into the room. Once free, she dared sot return. She juBt went downstairs and sat in the dark diningroom, in a kind of apathy. She was startled from her reverie by the doctor's voice. He was asking where Bbe was She went to him. >c Have you given tbe laudanum, Mrs, Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I was here ?" ho naked her. 44 Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," said poor KeriaJh. The doctor was an abrupt, and not a ladies' mau ; so he became angry. 44 Do you want him todio," he asked, with an aspect of ferocity, 44 that you don't obey my orders? He would have been asleep now, u yon bad done what I told yctt." And with this the doctor walked upstairs, Keziah follow- Str, Hackbit had in the meantime been fas tened to his bed, and had become more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual 44 Just one drink of brandy, Rimpler, come," Hackbit was bawling in his ear. 41 It would make a man of me again. Look here," he called out to tbe doctor, 4> these madmen moke me stay out in this graveyard without a drink of br&udy; to steady my nerves. They can't see those ghosts, but I can. Oh, bow their bones rattle! Just one little drink of brandy, and I'll stand it." And he babbled on feverishly "Look here, my good people, it's not my fault," be called out, 44 lam only therepreeen- tative._ You didn't borrow the money of me. Look in my pockets. I'm as poor as you. Don't botber me about where you're going to sleep to night. See, 1 am In a cold graveyard. I've nothing better." Mr. Saltring looked at tbe doctor, who was dropping some more laudanum into the glass. 44 He's in a bad way," he said. 44 He must get sleep," said the doctor, 41 at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." Mr. Saltring felt inclined to resent this lan guage. But looking in the doctor's face, he coucluded that his bark was worse than his bite. Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did uot appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, and he moved tbem incessantly in a nervous way against ono another, or upon the tbe quilt. 44 Are you staying here to-night ?" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltring. 44 Yea," he replied. 44Theu give nim the 20 drops again, every two hours until he slee) s. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give bor two glasses of port wine." 44 Tbankyou, doctor," said Backbit. "That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for himself. Keziah had slipped from the room, but she was standing outside. 44 1 have ordered you to drink two glasses of port, 'J eaid the brusque doctor. ' No, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. 44 Not that, not that terrible stuff, after— after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like bioi upstairs ; a good dose, a«d end it all." And die burst into a passion of weeping. The doctor patted her head, as he might have dope a child s with his rough, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. 44 You want rest." And ne took ber with him down stairs and administered the port wine there and then and went away, muttering that women were most extraordinary creatures. 44 Only think of that beast upstairs being cried aboot, aud wanted to live. It seems toe worse a man is the more they stick to him." As 6oou as he was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hushed iu the sick room and Keziah was lying on tbe couch io the diniug-room aloue, she saw a figure standing outside, looking up to her window. She sprang up like a child who sees its mother after a long absence. She could not let him go away again without having one word of com fort from hiai. Sho did not hesitate a moment. She might have wavered if she had. She flew to Elworthy's side. " Oh, Rupert, '' ehe said in a convulsive whisper. " He's maddened with the driuk." Klworthy held her utar him, aud muttered something sho did not catch. "You have got some doctor, Kizzv he said. 44 Did he tell you to give laudanum ? He must have it toget to sleep, or he will die." "Oh, yes, Rupert," said Keziah, in a low voice, with some fear iu it. 44 My poor dariiug," said Klworthy. What else could he say " You mu&t; not remain here another moment ; you are trembling," And he added with some vehemence, "If ycu were ill, who should keep me &way; r Who is with him now? You've got a nurse, Kizzy ?" And he thought with horror of the possibility of his darling having to li.-ten to the raviog9 of that brute who called her wife. "Mr. -Sa!tring came, and is with him to- nLbt,'' she answered. 44 God bless and reward him for it,'' said KHvorthy solemnly. "Aud now, good night." And he said lingeriugly, 44 1 .shall come agaiu to-morrow, and until this trouble is over. You may speak to me or u-t, us you need." He longed to kiss her, but did not do so. And Keziah found herself lamenting the fact, when she was once more in the darkened dining- room. But all this time Mr. Silas Rimpler had been keeping a vigil, like the owl iu a belfrv, widest awake when others are sleeping ; and had been iu uo small degree amused and gratified by the scene that was enacted uuder his window. CHAPTER XL.— Christmas Boxes. Th'. followiug morning, to the utter astonish ment of everybody but Mr. Saltring, Mr. Hackbit presented a perfectly uatural appear ance— in fact, seemed quite well. He wa not In good temper, however. Mr. Saltring could not help noticing that Keziah was not being | well treated, and he felt that he could not leave the house without speakiug of it. He had always beeu extremely fond of Keziah, and he and Hackbit had had former conversations upon the question of drink, which made it easy for him to speak. Tbe conversation took place while Hackbit was sitting un iu bed, eating his breakfast, at eleven o'clock, for he had slept till then, 44 Tbis is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saltring began, 44 You were going to reform when you married. This is the way you have done it. Don't you think it too bad ?" 44 That's all you know about it," retorted Hackbit, with a cunning expression. 44 You see, 1 thought I was marrying an honest woman, but I have changed my opinion, and Bee no necessity for being too particular." "What do you mean, Hackbit?" said Mr. Saltring very indignantly. " Are you aware what you are saying ? Do you know that you are attacking oue of the best and purest of women by your vile insinuation ?" " Ha!" replied Hackbit. "That kind of language is all very well when you want to write poetry, and when you're in love. I now give it as my opinion that there is so such thing as an honest woman." Mr. Saltriug stared. He could not for & mo ment reply. At length he said, 44 You are esti mating others by youreif, Hackbit." And tb'.'U, regretfully, " I used to think there was some good in you, but I don t think it now. A mau who can slander (hat angel wants kicking." 44 Look here," said IUckbit, stopping in tbe convevance of a spoonful of egg to bis mouth, 44 iustyou stay uere to-night, and wutcb by tins wiudow, aud if you don't see that Edmonton— that El worthy, I mean, him— my uaiue isn't Hackbit." "One of your wild illusions," eaid Mr. Saltring, defiantly. 44 And if you think I shall play the spv on your wife, you hare made a groat mistake. I can trust her." 'Well," said Hackbit, "that, time will show. But if you don't believe my words, ask Riiupler." i " Do you mean to tell me that you ve been i setting that c» c on to spy upon your wife ?' ' " No. I don't It was be who told me first He bad seen "them together, and seen bun lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him. I suppose." ' " I don't behave a word of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping bis bald bead. " and the oo&er; you get that slanderous villain out of the bouse, the better. He must have & good opinion -of you, to tsll you such & thing. I'll answer for ft, nobody would speak to me of my. wife so. You are as bad as he is, Hackbit. We can't so easily get rid of you, but you can get rid of him." 44 No, Z can't," replied Hackbit, shortly " Because you want to keep him as a spy, I suppose. 4 No, not for that either. I can do my spying myself. But he knows too much of my business to beeent awav." 4 Zt must be creditable business to make you afraid to send him away." 44 It's none of your business at any rate ; but I tell yoa one tune, Mr, Saltring, 1 sbsll not have yon here lecturing me. Every English man's boose is his castle. So take yourself off. I won't have you in my bouse another moment, on any pretenoe whatever. You see I can send you away, if 1 don't send Rimpler." And Hackbit tore violently at & bell rope near him Zt came away in his hand, a ad dropped upon the bed. Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. Saltring smiled faintly, and said, 41 If you were going to ring to have me Bhown out, you mighfepare yourself the trouble; I know the way." And he moved towards the door. " This from a man," he thought, 44 whose life I have probably saved." How much he wished he had kept hie temper. This man was master of the house, and or ; and now that he was forbidden the house, he could help in no way, whatever might happen. He went slowly from the room, followed by a mocking laugh from the bed. When he heard this ana thought of the spirit that prompted it, his heart failed him for the girl who must remain under the same roof ; and he thought bitterly, how far from human help a wife was, if her husband should ill treat her, _He had been downstairs to breakfast, and Keziah had become almost cheerful with at tbe table to wait upon. She had been eo com forted in having him iu tbe house. How should he tell her he was never to come again ? He went to the nursery to look for her. She thought something was wrong, for he did not notice either of the children. 44 Kizzy," be said, 14 come downstairs. I want to speak to you. Heaven knows when I shall get tbe chance to do that again." She caught her breath quickly, and waited for him to explain. 44 Tee, Kizzy, I am not to come here any more," he said ; 44 1 have offended your husband." She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds had depended on it. The g'ound seemed to be taken away piece by piece om under her feet. 44 Mr. Saltring," she said at length, with tearless eyes, 44 do me one great kindness. It is great, I know, and my heart will ache. But I reel now is the moment. I muit make the sacrifice. Who knows what tragedy is coming to this house ? Dear Mr. Saltriug," she said, clutching his hand in both hers, while he looked away- from her, 44 take Bertram home with you. You offered to do it once, and I would not. I thought I was going to do so we'l for him. I have not the power now. I feel he is not eafe under this roof. My husband hates him. If everything must go, why not sooner as well as later ? fie will cry for me a little, but he will forget soon. You will all be so good to him." Mr. Saltring had let her go on without replying. Then he turned his face full on her, and, holding her by both eboulden, said, Get him ready," The smile that broke over tbe pale iace would have been a reward for any man. She was turning away, when he called her back to remark, 4 Shall I take both children ?" 44 No," she said, wistfully, 4 Lenny is safe enough; he is his father's child." It was not long before tbe child was brought; and he seemed very much elated at the thought of goinga44yide in a gee-gee." But to the astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who was crying, end also of Mr. Saltring and Keriftfa, the child insisted on saying gooj-bye to 44 Btmpy," as be called him. Some people think that children and doge can always mid out a bad man. We know from experience this is far from being the case. A man who is fond of children, end kind in his manner to tbem, will always win their regard, be he ever eo bad in other respects. It was a fact that Mr. Rimpler, hearing the child from the office, which was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cut up at the thought of parting with him, and eeemed really moved when the child flung hie arms about his neck. 44 Oh, you old hypocrite," said Wilson, under her breath. She waa like many others; to bor Mr. Rimpler was a prodigy of evil ; consequently, ehe coula not believe in his possessing a single trait of goodness. But the hypocrite went into the office and positively shed a few tears when there was no one to see him. There had been a time in his life when eoft arms bod been thrown round his neck and he had felt himself the happiest man alive. But now, long years had passed since he had felt then. How these little arms reminded bitn of that time ! At tbis moment, could he have choseu come definite path of right, he would have gone headlong into it. But he thought of no direct course. And a vague wish to do better rarely ends in much good. Keziah did not cry when she parted with her darling. 8be was filled by the thought that she was sending him to happiness and salety. She bad made a great sacrifice, but she felt herself to be the gainer. A box of clothes was to be sent on, and nothing went with tbe child but one little box coutaiuiug immediate necessaries. Mr. Hackb.t having got out of bed, saw tbe trap drive off, aud understood the case at once ; ana though inwardly glad, be decided to be out wardly vexed. His bell-rope was off, he could oot ring : so he slipped on some of his clothes as quicklv as he coula, and went downstairs in a way that would have startled anybody that saw bim. He found Keziah and Wilson drying their eyes iu the dimng-rccm. This suggested a revenze that mts: be t.Tective. 44 So Keziah, you have thought fit to send Bertram away without consulting we. Now there is oulv one child, there »s no need for Wilson:" this with an evil light in his eyes. < Yoa cuu occupy yourself with attending to Leouard. Then uerhaps you will get to care & tittle bit for your'own child. You've a month's notice frotn to-day, Wilson.'' Wileou's red eyes flashed, and she flung out of the room. M Why do you do it V1 said Keziah. 44 w by do you send everybody away who is kind to me f" 4' To please myself," ssid herhusVatiJ coldly. 44 You have more to learn yet. Keziah- Do you think it safe to trifle with me ?" u I do not trifle with you," returned Keziah steadily. "You lie." replied her husband. " Perhaps you would like me to send you away from the house, atid give you an excuse to do what you want to do. Well, you shall not have your wisu. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't think it's because I'm so foudot you. But I've a right over you, and' here vou stay." 44 you treat me like a slave," said Keziah. 44 You shall kuow more of what that means," said her lord, and left her. Mr. Rimpler had heard this conversation, as anybody might have done who had been in the office At the time. And when Hackbit, having lett his wife, joined him, ho was moved to say, having just had better feelings. 44 You've been too hard on Mrs. Hackbit In spite of all we've seen I don't believe any harm has been done; and 1 don't believe Mrs. Hackbit would evsr do any harm. She has done uo worse than speak to him. That's my ' opiniou, and I know tbe world." 44 Oh. vou are clover, we know that," retorted Hackbit. 44 You set the match to tbe fire and now it has grown as big as a house, you expect a bucket of water to put it out. The game doesu't pay. Do you want her yourself, that you begin to defend her? Go and ask her to go away with )Ou; she would if you ask "No, she wouldn't," said Rimpler coolly : 44 aud I would sever ask her." "Oh, you are both angels from heaven, 1 know," sneered Hackbit. :4Buc about the business, Rimpler. You'll have to be more cautious. If ycu ruin people wholesale, wc shall get into the papers. You sold up an awful number of families last month; and in one neighbourhood, too. They'll get talking together, and then it'll get iuto the papers, and they'll find out who it is that's the real money lender, and tbeu it will be ruination." 44 It would'nt 1« you ruiued ; it would be Mr. Eirnmon," wid Eimplor. 44 And isn't that me."' retorted Hackbit, snapoisbly. 4 ' Dou't I mean to have his money some time P He may make it a good deal more if ho keeps dark s few years longer." 44 If you go on driukiug as you have been lately, you'll die first. You've druuk yourself into de-iiriHiii about as soou as any mau I have ever eeen." , Everybody iu the house was surprised to see Mr. Hackbit go off to Birmiogaam that day. except the doctor, who said that opium bad ofteu done as much in cases of Mr. Hackbit had scarcely left the house, when Keziah put on her things and went up to her mother's. She was hot away long ; but Mr. Rimpler noted the time when she left, and the time of her return, is & mechanical sort of way. When he heard her come into the next room, after she had returned, bo opened the door of communication, and addressed her in a way he meant to be kind, but he received a chilling re- , buff. 44 Oh, very well, my fine lady," said Mr. Simpler. <f The day may not be far distant whan you will regret not having taken Silos Rimpler fort friend." 44 You haven't it in you to be a friend to anybody," retorted Keri&h;, and quitted tbe It was on account of this rebuff that Mr. Rimpler, on Hackbit's return, reported Keziab's having been out, and added a little to it on his own account. Consequently, when Hackbit went up to bed and found his wife with her bead alreadv on tbe pillow, he ordered her to get up, and told her to go and sleep in the spare room by herself. She obeyed in a bewildered dream, and crept from' the room, carrying eome of her clothes with her, and feeling that when Wilson was gone she would indeed be at the mercy of two villains. There was no bed prepared in the spars room. The bed that belonged to it was kept under another when out of use. But what did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with the clothes she bad brought, and lay awake all night. The following morning Keziah dressed herself and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziah glanced at nim as he entered the breakfast-room. He knew it, though he did not look at her, He bad his dressing-gown on, and he seated himself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah commenced to pour it out. She passed her husband his cup. He put down Mr paper and belpedhimself to a chop, bat did not offer any tech attention to Keziah. She did not want anything, but a certain pride in her would not give in, and allow him to think ehe had no appetite. Besides, Mr. Rimpler would be iu directly, and she did not mean him to see her with an empty plate before ber. So she walked to her huBb&nd;'s end of the table, and helped herself under his veTy nose. She came into such close quarters that Hack- bit felt obliged to Bpeok to ner, though not by any prompting of courtesy. 44 1 hope you have spent a good night," he said, satirically, 44 and that you feel refreshed and all that sort of thing." " I thank you," said Keziah, with mock politeness. 44 The question is rather un necessary, seeing that it was passed away from you. Yes, Isiept very well, thank you— much better than ufiuaJ." Mr. Rimpler here made his appearance, rubbing his hands together, which were red with cold. He looked at Hackbit first, then at Keziah : and after a curt good morning— they sever shook hands— he remarked, as if unawares, 44 1 think Mrs. Hackbit looks in need of a doctor." 44 Not at all," remarked ber husband, 44 she has just been saying how well she is." Keziah would perhaps have replied herself, but ehe was seized with a fit of coughing. 41 Pretty well done." observed her husband, 41 teeing you are not on the stage." Keziah began to eat her breakfast in a kind of desperation, but the effort to swallow seemed neat. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hack- bit tried not to do eo, but failed. 44 Oh." he said, getting up from the table at last 44 1 can't sit at the table to see you swal lowing your bre&afast; like a dog does dump lings." 44 Then go away if jou don't want to see me," said Keziah. AU this could not go on without eome com ments being made in the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit in having received notice, and had commiserated her. Thus it happened that the elderly female began to have a better opinion o! tbe other, domestics. This morning on entering the kitchen she closed tlie door, and eaid to the cook: 44 Do you know where the missis dent last night?" 44 No," answered the cook. 44 She elept in tbe 6pare room, with no bed and no covering." 44 What a ehame cried the cook and Roberts, the gardener, simultaneously. 44 1 dread going," said Wilson. 44 Who will there be to look after the missis when I'm gone? And she's not fit to look after Leonard." 44 He is a brute," 6aid Roberts, 44 as ever lived ; and it's much to me if Rimpler doesn't get a match for bim before he's done, and serve him right too." 44 well," said the cook, 44 if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let ner. It's a sin and a ebame ; and he's as rich as a Jew, I do believe." 44 1 shall write to Mrs. Towers and tell her all about it to-day," eaid Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering, 41 And I ehall let Mr. David Rimmon know, too. It's no nse telling her father. He won't hear any thing against Mr. Hackbit." 44 And when you've told them," said Roberts, 41 what can they dor" 44 They might get a separation." 44 Tbem articles aren't so easy got as you seem to think," said Roberts. 4 You've never tried to get one, mayhap." 44 Of course not," said Wilson: how should I? But what's that got to do with it?" 44 Well, a good deal," replied the gardener. CHAPTER XLI. — Comfoet keom: Others' Woes. \V bile Wilson was writing to Mr3. Tower6 and to David Kimmon, another letter was being written to David that might bring him to Jumley. Tbe writer was Joshua Riinmon. Tbi6 is what Joshua wrote: — 44 Mv Dear Bkothei:,— Tbis is the season when there ought to be goodwill towards men in all onr hearts. Ever since roy marriage I have gathered my kinsfolk about xne on New dear's Eve. Why break this sacred chain? Mr. Rimmon liked this phrase, and felt him self ivaxing eloquent. 1 would not rob you of my "boy whom you have adopted, and who, 1 trust, may prove a blessing and a comfort to you in your declining years. Yet would I cot have bim a stranger to his father's bouse, on alien and an outcast. Therefore I pray you bring him and join my simple board for the New Year's Eve, and believe me, 44 Your forgiving brother, " Joshua Rimmos.'' When David received this he became greatly excited. He read it before Wilson's, which lay on the table. Oubil was reading a sporting paper be took in, and expressed but Iittlo interest in a letter from his father. David banded it to him when he had read it three times. "Dear me." broke forth Jubal, having perused it with elevated eyebrows ; " a master piece of rhetoric and hypocrisy !" " I should hardly say that," eaid David mildly. 44 The commaud that we bhnll not judge, that ve be not judged, means that wo are not to put people down as meaning wroug when we don't understand their actions." 44 1 find no difficulty at all iu understand- ing," returned Julia 1," tenderly touching bis wavy hair and looking nt it iu a mirror oppo site. 44 He thinks people in Jumley will talk if he doesn't have auylwdy for New Year's Evp, and there's nobody to come but Dorcas and Keziah and us, and my mast respected brother- in-law, who will probably refuse to dance attendance ou that occasion." 44 Of couT-e I cannot contiol you," said D&vidmUdly; 44 but for myself. I cannot pray, 'Forciveme my sins as I forgive those who sin against me.'aiid refuse at the same time to forgive my brother." "He has never asked you to forgive him," 6aid Jub&l;, a cynical smile breaking over his face. 44 Well, no," replied David, colouring a little, 44 Now I think of it, he hasn't. Still, his ways aren't like ours : he never was like other people ; und I think he lucaus it all right. But I think that it's no part of my work to sift and sift, and find out if be means all ho. soys. That's the work of a higher than roe. But it is for me to forgive seventy times seven, and to live peaceably with all lucu, bo for as it in me lies; and I shall go to Jumley. 'You're not a bit of a mau, uncle," paid Jubal superiorly, 44 or you wouldn't be takeu in as you are." "I'm afraid I am cowardly: it has always been my fault," said David simply. 44 But I don't thiuk I mean to be cowardly in this." And he took up the other letter and looked at tho address. '4I don't know this writing," be observed. 4i I wonder who it is. " 44 "Why don't you open it aud see?" said Jubal rather rudely. His uucle silently opened the letter. 44 Oh, Jubal,'1 he said, with a kind of cry. 44 Poor Keziah !" " What's tbe matter with ber?" Jubal asked rather indifferently. 44 This is from her nursoraflid. Wilson; she says that Thomas is frightfully illtxeating her. I am astonished." "I'm not. She shouldn't have married him. i She made her bed : let her tie ou it." i 44 1 wonder how you cau talk so," raid David, in & tone as usarly approaching anger as he had overused to Jubal. 14 One would think yon' had no affection at all for her, your own ' Bister," i 44 She shooldn't have played the fool. I was all right with her before." I' Jubal," said his uncle, depreciatingly, 44 is this the time to reproach her with a false fllep?" 4< I'm not going to reproach her. I shall not go near her. But I'm not snre I won't go home, if it's only to see the mother. She was always decent enough.' 44 1 think it is your duty to go home, now your fate calls you. And I think it is your duty equally to be kind to your sister, who has certainly always been goodtoyoug and who is sorely in need of & kind friend just now. You could be more to ber than anybody else, if you liked. You ought to go, Jubal" 44 Ought stands for nothing. If I go home, I don't toink I ehall open my tips to my father. I ehall certainly notgo near Keziah." 44 Well, well," said David Rimmon. " I do wish I had somebody to advise me," And it pawed through his mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her. B ut he was not. At the same hour Maud was equally per plexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did not take long to con sider her action. She wrote to Keziah 14 My Drab, Dear Keziah,— I have heard to-day, with a pain that shows me how dear you are to me, of tbe sea of trouble which sur rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sad consolation I have to offer, and you will, I fe&r;, say this is none. For iu suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load. You are not alone. If yoa are over whelmed, so am I. How came we both to make such mistakes ? Our lots, though different, are strangely alike, excopt in one thing. You looked for calm life with your cousin ; I looked for bliBB, You have missed the calm and found tumult. I have missed supreme happiness, and found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not sound like sympathy : yet as I write my heart bleeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you ana Iliad quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what happiness ia but those who have lost it for ever. We ore both of us so young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the time when death shall release us from ourmany sorrows. I can only think of that ; find yet, it is not happiness in another life that I look for, ouly rest from this torment ; for how can I ex pect the love that has died upon earth, and left my living love clinging to its coipse, to rekindle in another world ? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about doeB not exist. What cause have I ever given that he should turn from me ? He never spends a moment in my company he help. We have no business connection now, even. For I have ordered all the rents to be paid into his hands long ago, and I take just what he doles out to me. I often walk in the cemetery you and I looked at together one day. You remember we said we would not go there again ; it made us sad. Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look at the white stones and the fresh grassy mounds and I thiuk, 4 This is a home where 1 may rest some day — sooner, perhaps, than I dare hope.' I felt a bit hurt at first wueu I heard thatBert- ram had gone to Mr. Saltriug's. I would have been so glad of him ; but you kuow best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, and I never touch the piano. You may ask, 4 How do I employ my time, tbeu V X dou't think 1 know. I can't think of anything just now that I a in in the habit of doing. I hope you have not thought it unkind of cue uot lo have written to you before ; but I had no good news to seed, and K did not wish to sadden you. I could not write to you and pretend alt was right, when it was so far, fax from being the case. Bat now nothing I can send you conld make you more miserable than my 6ileuce. - 1 feel very thankful to Wilson for having written ; please toll her so from me 41 Lionel is iu a dreadful way about me. He can't help seeing bow things are, though I have told bim nothiug. You know, 1 suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Klworthy. They get on to gether very well : but Gerald never comes here. He mustrbavc seen and understood in his one visit. 44 Tom went in for his examination again, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said I need not fear : he would fulfil the oouditiou that I had made for him on marrying him. To th«"k of my being interpreted iu that way, Kizzy ! You know it was for him, and him alone, I wanted him to get his qualifica tion. What could it matter to me? What can anything matter to me now, since he does not love me, and never, never will again r If I had said anything like that to yon in the old days when we were together, you would have shaken that small head oi yours, and made me some saucy -answer. I wonder if you ever mfckesaucy answeia now to anyone? 1 cannot bear tu imagine you as always grave: it seems so unnatural. But perhaps it is as difficult for yon to imagine me wandering about in an aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put on. nor how I look. But I do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could make me look pretty, as you used to think me. I have grown very thin, and my eyes always look heavy and dull : it must be sleeping so little and crying so much, I suppose. But enough of this. You used to say 1 eras unreasonable. If 1 could only have you again all to myself, I den't think I should be so unreasonable. Trouble makes snch changes ill one. Tom is changed : his heir is turning quite grey. And now, dearest Kizzy, let us be all in all to each other, though it be only in thought and at e distance. Your faithful friend, Maud." When Kez:ah received this letter she had a brief moment of rest from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. 44Ah,"sbe thought. 44 however bitter iov lot i, Maud's is worse; I am only separated from tbe man I love, and am ill-treated by the man who is my husband : but Maud has lest ibe lore of the rami she stiJ! loves and wbo once loud her. Ye?, that is worst." She could picture it. She had only to think what it would be like to have married Rupert and then to have lost bis love. CHAPTER XLlf.— MR. Rimmon LOSES MORE THAN HIS TJI'ER. Keziah did uot answer Maud's letter at once, for she had other matters in hand. She had promised to go in aud help her mother in pre paring for the New Year's Eve festivitfeswhich were to come off as usnal. Mr. Hackbit bad been persuaded by bis father-in-law to join the parly, just to keep up appearances. Whether he would actually do so or not was still a question. He was not drinking so much; he had had a fright. How long this would laec was doubtful. He made no objection to Keziab's going in to assist her mother, telling ber politely that tor iooiu waa better than ber company. Keriah's spirit rose against this insult, and ' she determined to fight hard to look as if all were right, and not give him the pleasure of cowing her. She ca'ertd her father's house by the back way, ;ind went into tbe kitchen. There was Mrs;. Uitamon in a large apron, tying the puddi« gs up, ready to put into a pot that was boiling on tbe fire. 44 This grate's worse than ever this year," Mrs. Rimmon began, 44 and now the boiler's cracked, and wo cun get no hot water. Just as if there wasn't worn' enough, without that. And I'm sure I dou't thiuk any of the fuss as is made is worth while. Wbo wants to come hero f" 44 Never mind, mother," returned Keziah. 14 It is not worth makiug a bother about; you should get hardened. Give people their deserts. If tbe dinner gets spoiled, don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worry ing themselves into the grave because tbey can't please people who are unpleaeable." She had been taking off ber things while she spoke, and turning up her sleeves, in readinees tobeof use. 44 What shall I do first, mother?" she asked. 44 Well, Kizzy," eaid her mother, 44 If you'd just make a bit of paste for a mince pie for your father's dinner— he'll expect one." 44 And is nobody else to have one ?" broke in Keziab, sharply. 44 Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon, 44 Yon 6ee, we shall all get eome on New Year's Eve." 44 All right," rejoined Keziab. 44 If no one else is lo have any, he shan't have any cither." 41 If you won't make it for bim, I must," said Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. 44 Don't be so stupid, mother. Tell Gnimpe you asked me to do it aud I wouldn't." 44 On, Kizzy," said Mrs. Rimmon, beginning tocrv 44 There is always a plenty of waspe ilyiug about, without stirring -up a wasp's nest." 41 Indeed," retorted Keziah, amused. 44 And if tbe wasps' neste are lefc alone, the more wasps will he Hying about." 44 Well, those as stir them up are sure to gei stuntr,1 said Mrs. Rimmon. 44 Well, what does it matter," said Keziab, 44 if they don't ask other people to bear tht smart for tbem?" "I have heard of people being stung tc death," returned Mrs. Rimmon, who had go| deep in tbe metaphor, and rather astonished herself. \- 44 1 am one of the people that would rathe! be stung to death fit once than he pestered bj occasional stinge for years, and years." There wm more in this than Mrs. Rumnnr could eee, forabe, in common with others of th' , human race, was thinking of her own situattoi mrre than of her daughter' s. When half-post one camB, Mr. Bimmpri arrived, and demanded Ids dinner. '"vA.- - cloth was laid for him on the end of the dining - room table, and further than this he conld see no preparation, so he came into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It had been to him some satisfaction that Keziah' waa caged ; but he had never lost his fear of her. So when he saw her there, he did not break forth as he would otherwise have done. 44 What do yoa want?" Keziah asked sharply. 44 Vvell, my dinner," replied her father. . 44 Well, the quieter yoa keep about it, the sooner you'll get it." ' , ' What was the use of his remaining in tho kitchen? None at all. He went bock to the drawingroom, and tooknp a volumeof Wesley's sermons and scanned it morosely. He had not to wait long. Keziah with her t own hands brought a tray in, and to Mr. Rimmon's infi nite astonishment, she placed between his knife and fork a plate with a few elicea of cold meat upon it. 44 What's this, Kizsy ?" he said, eyeing the plate from where be eat, with much disfavour. 4 It's your dinner," said Keziah, 41 and the sooner you eat it the better." ' Mr. Rimmon seated himself at the table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was think ing that he would make his dinner off the mince -pie that was to follow. He waited % long time, bat nobody came. He rang tbe bell Sarah answered it, 44 Take this away," he eaid, pointing si the plate, 44 and bring the minoe-pie in." " There's no mince-pie," said Sarah, half afraid. 44 No mince-pie !" said Mr Rimmon, with a stop after each syllable. On hearing this, Mr. Rimmon got up from the table with the intention of going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put the door hurriedly to as he heard some one come in. He thought it was Keziab, and resolved not to speak to her. But it waa his sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth had brought her there. Her face was beaming. 44 What do you think, Joshua V"' she said. " I don't "know," said Joshua, very in differently. 4 That wretch Brougham Banner's son has been drowned ; one of the twins, you know.' Having imparted her news, die waited. Aa her brother did not speak, she said : 44 Are you not going to say anything, Joahua ?" 44 Yes," he answered. " Go about your business." 44 Ob, indeed," eaid Miss Dorcas, swaying her bead up aua down, 44 1 must go aboat my business, roust I V And is it any port of your business to send me about my business? Answer me that." "I tell you 1 dou't want to be bothered with you," said Joshua irritably. 44 Ob- and you're ready to use me,'' said his sister, 41 and also abuse me, so it seems. But let me tell you one thing, there's a dog on your track. Ha!" she said, 44 1 thought you'd show some interest at tbat piece of news. Only last night, sir, I heard a man call ycu a whited sepulchre.,' The scriptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply, 44 Was it a Jumley man r" 44 That's my business, and I'll mind it." 44 What do you want to be such a fool for ? said her brother. 44 If anybody raid such a thing, I ought to know who itiB. Would you let toe ground be taken from under my feet, and never give me warning ?" 44 Measure for meaeure," said Miss Dorcaa. 44 The measure you mete shall be measured to you again." 44 Well," eaid ber brother, with a grim smile, 44 my ruin would be yonr ruin, thank Heaven." 44 Ho, ho," laughed Dorcas. 44 When a house falls there's alwajB somebody on toe look-out to cany tbe treasure away. What if the one who curies the treasure away should marry ?nr ?" All the anxiety died out of Mr. Rimmon's face on hearing this. ' 44 A mare's nest," he said. 44 1 know whom yon mean." And he laughed satirically, locked up Ms iron-eftfe, and was leaving the roam when tbe jnrr . dropped from his pocket on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hear it. He went hack to his bank laughing to himself. No sooner had he gone right away from the house than Dorcas gleefully adzed the key. 44 Oh, Silas, my dearest," die cried, 44 my time has come at last." And die opened the sale, having previously locked the door jnst aa Jod.ua Rimmon had done in the hour when, he betrayed Rupert Edmonton. Somehow toe ' words she had just used to her brother came into her mind, die did not know why: "Tbe measure ye mete shall be measured unto you again." Kid she known all about toe treach erous deed ber brother iiad-boon-gnilty Vrf- ft words would have been ominous enough. Bnt . die did not. Having taken a certainbundle of papers out of the safe, she placed tbe key on the leather chair, where it had fallen. So ltbappencd that when Joihua came home and his eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke out upon him ; and a great feeling of gratitude came tato bis heart, he hardly knew to what or whom, to fate moat probably, that he and no other bad found the . key. It never occurred to him in any form that it might have been found and used. . That night Dorcas Riinmon waited in the shadow of a rained engine house in the Old Park. A keen wind was blowing, and she e tared as far as she could along the dark path tbotled between worked -out mines towards her brother's heme. But, wearied by the intense darkness, she turned ber eyes away to rest upon the dim tights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. A figure of a man was approaching between her end one of the ligbfs. iTfnJd Siia corns" might lave been somewhere for Thomas, and eo have been unable »o keaphis appointment Tbe man was passing ber. Perhaps he can't see roe," thought Dorcas. She etepped out a tittle. 44 Silas." toe said in a Sharp - whisper. The man turned upon her and scanned ber. J , , 44 What are von prowhrg about for?" eaid a husky voice. - . "TJai . is the expreejon you use in Ibis country ? Oh Cmv, what a country it is." Boreas retreated into the shadow. BO < aim was not 60 easily quit of the stranger, who fol lowed her. ... e„ , 44 And was it for me you were waiting ?" he said, in a charming manner. 44 1 took you for a pit-uPuk worker, as toey call tbem in this heathenish land. But I see you are respect able. Toese nit-bank workers, they will give you a kirs, but they do smell of toe coal. But . :: you smell sweetly of tbe lavender-water. It is a shame you should wait here in solitude. I will bear vou company." - _ 44 Are vou a stranger to these parts r' asked Miss Dorcas, hoping this stranger would stay < until Silas Rimpler came up, to excite his jeaTv lousv aud so increase bis ardour. »Yes, I am a stranger tothese parte, re- plied the gentleman. 44 But I will know the neighbourhood better if you permit me. _ "Oh"' thought Dorcas, delighted. 1» thinks the neighbourhood belongs to ne . She - wondered what this stranger was tike.it being J % too dark to distinguish his features. . , 44 Are yoa intending to stay here, asked. i Dnrcaseweetly.forany time?" ; ig 44 1 stay," renlied the stranger, t4wbCTBW soft arms detain'me. But at prefent jStiigjj Wolverhampton I am, arousing the .-pubuggg which is not very elevated, it does m " May I ask where are ycu going mow 'igSijj 44 1 was going up to a Mr. Hackbeetrs, anjygj little matter of business." 44 Oh, he Is my nepbow.4»> =0:£Sjg| 44 Your what ? Oh del 1 Then jouMgl the voungest of the family, ia it no omejojjg brighten tbe old age of your esteemed toamnfigj and papa ?i nof. tte youngest," raptie|j| Dorcas. The ardour of the gentleman <eemsgj| to go down considerably, and be hsdebgjpgll cool goodnight . L':- 18 As he was deporting, not takragjwitipniatg notice of his footing, he thre whimself infothhjp arms of Silas Rimpler, who w as suavandnggg the opposite direction. J V, n What the devil are you about 1",3ertedS out Mr. Rimpler, catching his breato>auijygg staggering. ; i - l h TO BE OWfTWCXD). V 