CHAPTER H. iN UKACCOUaXABLE V1SIOW. ' One murdered by the other, and that other flown,' I muttered, as I leaned back in my chair, and thought how I had toiled through the terrible storm to the mill that night. I had gone there full of hope, elated with the certainty of success; but when I had opened Prime's office door I started back with a cry of horror and dismay. Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat upon his back, was Aaron Prime, with a bullet-hole in his forehead.—See picture 2. Choirs were overturned—pipers were scattered about the floor—confusion and signs of violence prevailed. I had bent over him, placing my hand upon his heart in the hope of discovering some sign of life ; but although the body was still warm, life was utterly extinct. Upon the floor near the doorway was a hat, I picked it up and looked at it carefully, and recog nised it as belonging to Jacob Huricv. noticing at No. 2.—' Stretched in the middle of the floor, flat on his back, was Aaron Prime, with a ballet hole in his forehead.' the same time that there wag a ballet-hole through its crosru. Glancing hurriedly around me, I realised if I should by chance he seen there I would he ac cused of the murder, and I went hastily out, at first intending to arouse the neighbourhood, and give what information I could regarding the crime. "When I again reached the open air, however, all that man's death meant to me became obvions, and by a seeming paradox, the crime itself sank into insignificance before the utter failure of my mission, and I hurried homeward through the driving sleet. As I sat by the fire thinking, I suddenly felt as though I was no longer alone. I know not why or how, hut the feeling came over me so strongly that I arose and looked about me among the flickering shadows made by the blazing logs in the fireplace. ' Pshaw !' I exclaimed, re-seating myself. ' I am a dunce to allow the sight of a dead body to nnn rve me. It can't be that cither,' mused I, ' for I have not thought of it in that way since I first made the discovery.' I could not, however, shake off the idea that I was not alone. I felt no fear, for, especially re garding the supernatural, I was nerveless; but every time I raised my eyes I half expected they would behold some companion in my solitude, although, on. the other baud, I knew positively that I was alone. As the fetlia forcible posses sion of me, by a strange antithesis 1 experienced a urowsy sensation, and than I fell asleep. | I say asleep, for that is the only way in which I can explain what transpired, far I mast hare dreamed. . | B fore me stood the old man, as I had so often | Eeen him, with his back to the fire and his hands i behind him under his coit- tails—See picture No. 3—and I arose mechanically and offered him my comfortable chair. John,' said he, as lie seated himsrif in my place, while I leaned my arm upon the m int-.l over the tiro, ' Prime and Hurley hare had a fight.' * Evidently,' I commeuted. ' Well,' he continued in his usual abrupt way * you will have to get their signatures to-night or not all, for by morning they will both be beyond signing anything.' ' Why,' I exclaimed, 'Prime is already dead and Hurley has flown.' ' Bosh, my boy, bosh 1 They are both there now awaiting yon, and wondering why yon are so late. Come, start at once. I have seen them, and they j will sign.' Accustomed from childhood to obey him almost implicitly, I arose* without delay, and, arranging myself in any storm clothing, onco more set out through the bitter tempest towards the woollen mill. I was completely exhausted when I reached it, No. 3.—' B'-fore me stood the old man, as 1 had so often seen him, with his back to the fire and his hands bahind him nndcrhi3 coat-tails.' and rested for a moment on the steps outside. Then entering I found the two men, as had been fated, awaiting me. ' Yon are late enough, surelv,' said Prime; and as I apologised, he took the document-from my hand, went to his desk, and, seating himself, signed it. Hurley followed his example, and I then passed orer to them respectively the papers hearing my signature, which made the bargain complete, and took my departure. While inside it had not once occurred to me to look at the floor where, earlier in the evening, 1 had seen the dead body of Prime, but as I left the oflice I stooped and peered hack through tho window. What was my horror ho see the room in pre cisely the same condition in which I had first discovered it that night, the murdered body of Aaron Prime lying upon the floor with the blue bnllet-hole in the foreiiead. Shocked beyond description, 1 hurried rapidly away.and in due course tf time once more reached the mansion. The old man met me at the door, his face radi- i ant with smiles. * Got them ?' ho asked; and when I. replied in the affirmative, he said: ' Good 1 Now I am going to sleep again. Dry yonreelf off at the fire here, and then you had better get some sleep also.' ' Sleep t' I must hare instantly awakened instead, for I j suddenly became conscious of the fact that the fire had burned down considerably, and, that I was standing before it in the rain effort to warm my benumbed fingers and dry the soaking gar ments which were upon me. Seizing the tongs I poked the fire rigorously j for a moment, throwing fresh wood upon it, and soon I had a warm and cheering blaze again. I was dazed by the inexplicable circumstances grouped before me. ' It must hare been a dream,' I said aloud ; ! ' and yet how came those wet clothes upon me ? Where did I get tho mud up en my boots ? ' My recollection of what had passsad was as perfect as I have described it, and was so ririd that it seemed a part of the regular occurrences of the evening, notwithstanding the fact of the sudden realisation of my surroundings which bad come orer me as I stood by the fire. 'Bahl' I cried, in disgu3t. *1 am growing nervous. The experiences of to-night have worked upon my mind, and I have not only dreamed, but I hare walked in my sleep.' Feeling great fatigue, I relighted my pipe, and after dne preparation again threw myself into the easy chair before the fire, when it suddenly oc curred to me to look at my watch. It was nearly two o'clock. Startled by the lapse of time, and the length of my unquiet nap, I arose and crossed to the peg whereon my greatcoat was hanging. I will settle this thing here and now I' I mut tered, pulling the package from the pocket and re turning to my chair at the fire. ' The papers will prove that I have had a nightmare.' With a qoick movement I undid the string which hound the package together, and selecting the all important dosumont, spread it open before me on my knees. Uttering a star tied cry of consternation I again leaped to my feet-, scattering the many papers broadcast about on the ftoor, for there before me on the white page, plainly and legibly, were the well-known signatures of Aaron Prime and Jacob Hurley. I trembled with excitement. For the first time in my life I knew what it meant to be afraid 1 The room seemed filled with uncanny shapes fluttering about iu shrouds aud blood-stained gar ments. There stood the signatures before me, plain aud incontrovertible in their authenticity, in the face of the fact that when I had gone at nine o'clock to get them one of the men was already dead and the other had disappeared. Suddenly I began wildly gathering the scattered papers together which had fallen upon the floor, looking through them in search of those I was to have given up to the two men iu exchange f ur their signatures. They weie nowhere to be found. Long and eagerly I searched, but without result other than thoroughly to satisfy myself that they were not there. Where, then, were they ? Had I indeed met those two men when I went forth the scoud time ? Was I mistaken in deeming Aaron Prime to be dead ? Could it he that I ha-1 not seen aright, or were they both dead, and had I met and bargained with their ghosts ? Or was it some fantastic bewilderment of dreamland, which, following the Sbakspearian theory of ' dreams are result of a foregone conclu sion,' had shaped my sleeping thoughts some what into the form of what I had been thinking while awake? But, no ! my eyes had certainly not been closed in sleep. . I tore my hair in perplexity, fori could not rea son the occurrences out into any logical se quince, Jtj X [To be Coxti.sed.] 