CHAPTER XII. EXPLANATION. These words explained everything. I he young woman, notwithstanding her pale- ness, had nothing of the spectre about her. She looked' down-a thing ghosts never clo-and stood with her hands modestly crossed. In short, Don Ottavio was about to run away with Lucrezia, and I was to play the part of confidant. A moment later Don Ottavio arrived, disguised as a servant. The horses were brought round, and we started. Lucrezia had no passport, but a woman, if she be pretty, cannot excite much suspicion of conspiracy. A gendarme, however, made difficulties. I said to him that he looked like a good fellow, and that assuredly he had served under the great Napoleon. He told me he had. I presented him with a portrait-a small golden one-of that great man, and informed him that it was my habit to travel with a lady to relieve the tedium of the journey, but that as there was such a thing as getting tired of any companion, I had found it inconvenient to have any female name put down in my passport. ' lt would be a mistake to get tired of that lady,' said the gendarme respectfully, shutting the door. To reveal the last of the mystery Don Ottavio had made the acquaintance of this very beautiful young -woman, the sister of one Vanozzi, a rich farmer who was very coldly looked upon by the authorities as being somewhat of a liberal and very much of a smuggler. Don Ottavio knew Well that even if his family had hot destined him for the church, they would never have allowed him to mai'ry a girl of a station so much below his own. Love is inventive. The pupil of the Abbe Negroni succeeded in establishing a secret correspondence with his loved one. Every evening he escaped from the Aldo brandi Palace, and as it would have been too risky to enter Vanozzi's house, the two lovers met in Madame Lucrezia's pavilion, the reputation it possessed of being haunted ensuring them the privacy which they desired. A little door hidden by a fig tree was the means of communication between the two gardens. Young, and in love, Lucrezia and Don Ottavio were not troubled about the paucity of their furniture. This consisted, as I have already said, of one armchair. One evening, when awaiting Don Ottavio, Lucrezia mistook me for him and threw me the rose. It is true that there was some resemblance in figure and style between me and my friend. Eventually Lucrezia's brother discovered what had been going on, but even threats could nol make Lucrezia reveal the name of her lover I have related the vengeance he attemptec to take, and how I nearly had to suffer foi everything. We all three arrived in Florence. Dor Ottavio married Lucrezia, and set ou immediately for Paris. My father gav« him as warm a reception as the Marquis« had given me. He also undertook t< negotiate a reconciliation, and, af ter much, difficulty, brought one ' about." Very fortunately, just at this time the elder brother, the Marquis Aldobrandi, caught a fever, and died of it. Ottavio inherited his title and his fortune, and I am godfather to his first child;, THE END., ? ' < 