DERBY BAT. GEIP AND INFLUENZA MEET. Damp Cola Weather. PICTUEES F1103I THE LAWN. A Glance at tho HU1 and Flat. IX THE PADDOCK OJfCE 3I0EE. Mon and llorsos. Strathmoro Wins tho Derby— Barrel ngntn to the Fore— Marlbyrnong Plate and Minor Events— In the City After Tho Races. ' Good morning, havo you had tho grip t' was about the firafc salutation nt Ploming ton on Dorby Day. It wa9 nob a f riondly grip that most pooplo had dithor, but tho influenza, which has mado dire liavoo in Melbourne, and lias considerably inter fored with tho VJI.C. meeting. Every other man you most seemed to havo got it, or olso was just on the way to roeovery, which, at any rate, if not spoedy, Ihopo was pretty sure. Tho familiar salutation alluded to made me think of that advertise ment, which must be well-known to every one; ' Good morning, have you used Pears' Soap ?' In tho Press room most of tho boy3 wero coughing and giving vont to their feelings in no measnred terms. Ifc is not easy work writing when tho 'grip' has got a fair hold of a man. He feols as though his head would burst, and his hands shako as though half palsied. Derby Day- could not bo called a good one for people afflicted in this way. Melbourne at tho best of timo has not ft congenial climate, but last Saturday it wa3 what MantUini would have called ' domuablo.' At nine o'clock in tho morning tho wind came tearing down the streets liko a wild beast in search of prey. It blew in tho faces of foot passengers, and every man seemed inclined to grasp liis hat firmly with both hands, plank his back against a handy wall and say, ' Now then, conie on, I defy you.' A man may stand such a wind pretty well if his trousers aro not too bulky, and getting inflated resemble the shape of tho old peg-top breeches of our ancestors. To blow a man's garments in side out would be a difficult matter even for a Melbourne wind otorm. But women seom tho careful prey of such winds. How they manage to nogotiate each street successfully in a galo has always been a puzzle to mi. They do it, however, and very cleverly some of them. Thero may be a littlo extra embroidery shown, and an occasional glimpse of a pretty ankle with a nice high-fitting boot above it and a charming silken hoso. Onco lot tho wind got tho mastery of a woman's dress and — well, to prevent mistakes, I will; draw a curtain over tho scono. Such a, wind careering about Molbourne on Derby Day naturally caused much of tho incon venience I have indicated. Then about half-past 11 rain commenced to fall. This had one advantago, for it laid tho dust, and mado matters pleasanter in this direc tion. But with tho full of tho rain it becamo bittorly cold, and boforo tho race courso was reached pooplo commenced to wondor how they had been so foolish as not to bring their big coats. Suddenly the sun would gleam out, and touching up tho scene with his warm rays, mado tho raindrops glisten and flash as they drippod from tho treoa. Then in a few momonts after giving hopes of better things ho would disappear behind tho clouds again, and ones more it was dull, dark, and cold. OU TUB LAWN. Sun is essential to tho happiness of a Dorby and Cup Day crowd. At Fleming ton, when tho weather is brilliant, tho lawn is resplendent with gaily-dressed ladies. Their beauty 13 adorned in every way possible by touches of art, and thcro is a good deal of art — witho\it tho ' h ' — among the Melbourne beauties. I havo seen Plomington a good many times, and on tho first occasion I thought tho lawn ono of tho most beautiful sights I had witnessed during a lengthy racing caroor. For ono thing — and most important it is — thoro is plenty of'room to movo about, and without crowding ovorything is dis played to tho best advantago. A fashion able crowd hampered and cooped up in li small spaco is not a pleasant sight, although tho mass of colors is at tractive No fear of crowding on tho lawn at Flemincton oven on Cup day. Tho grand-stand is, of course, packod, and wlion a shower of rain comes on tho fashionable damsols run to save thoir costumes under its friendly shelter. At such times decorum is Bcatterod to tho wind, and dainty, feet stand on other dainty feet, and ladies jostlo and push oach other oven lileo unto an. avorago theatre night orowd. Thoro la no timo for thought of others on such occasions, and no wondor at -it. Thoro woro plenty of those suddon rushos on Saturday, Ono moment tho lawn would bo filldd, at the noxt moment thoro would bo a rush for tho stand, Very annoying no doubt, bud tlion »uoli things aro of everyday ocaurronce, This year, although I do noc think tho attendaneo was up to tho jwer&RO;, there wero aorao really wonder fully peautif ill drosses, which it would takq a far more eloquent pon tl)ira mine (xj describe, Yico-rofral talent was ?woll ro ppssentod from Govornraont Houso by J,ord and Lady Ilopelcmii, Lord and Lady Jorsoy, Lord and Lady Kintore, and othors, Lady Hopetoun, no doubt with an pyo to fiapmonising with tho weather, had ft' jiandsomo black silk on, heavily laced, hop blafik; bonnet bejng. relieved with- a fsjy slijuUm of pink. It was a lovely cos tume, and' suitod hor admirably. : Lady jJecsgy liftd.^ on' a. vory ; noafc holid-:, tcopo*' silk, with a ;cream - bonnot/ u voryj pretty match j wiiilo Lady Kintore's costumo was grey silk, with a pansy bonnot. Those throo ladios, so plainly yot richly dreaood, woro tho oynosuro of all eyos, and prosentod a marked and favorablo contrast to sorao of tho moro brilliant drosses. Pink soomod to bo ono of thoir favorito colors, andwhon neatly nmtchod with black, which was vory prominent, formed a rich attire. Miss May Maiming, of Sydney, looked charming in a roso-piuk cambric, with black hat with pink; Mrs. S. Millorhad ouo of tho prottios't of costumos on— a black Bilk brocaded in forgot-me-nots, tiod with bluo rihbona. and n. black bonnot nlso with forgot-me-nots in j Mrs. Brough also had a noat costumo, composed of a black cloth skirt and jacket, whito' spotted skirt, and black hat trimmod with ro3os (sho lookod charming as over) j I saw scoros of handsomoly-drossod Sydnoy ladios, and thero can bo no shadow of possiblo doubt whatever they are bottor looking than tho Molbourne belles. It may bo rank horosy to say this, but ib is an opinion many Victorians hold. Thoro sootns a fresher tint about tho Sydney ladies. Thoir chooks bloom with tho 'rosos ofhoalth,' and yot tho poarl-liko creamy tint of tho fashionable uiako-up of art blossoms. It may bo tho climuto, or it may bo mere fancy on my part, yet I con fess tho Sydnoy girl li as a charm about hor few women possess. The richness of the costumes takon all round was quite up to formor years. Thoro is a wealth of jewollery about, and diamonds of priceless valuo adorn the ladios of tho upper ton. As thoy movod about tho lawn when a glimpse of sunshine camo on it was as brilliaut a picturo as over. Thero are pooplo who decry racing and call it everything that is bad, but if those croaker3 would go to Flomington on Dorby and Cup days thoy would fool inclined to alter thoir opinions. The great Molbourno Carnival does good to many hundreds of pooplo besido the racing men who make au actual business of' it. It puts thousands of pounds into hard- working people's pockets, and it assists many a struggling family in tho raco for life. There is plonty to moraliso over, no doubt, but thorn is also plonty to admire. As I watch tho pooplo passing to and fro I can think of tho labor it has cost booio poor seamstress to dress that haughty damo who carries herself so proudly. Does sho evor think of that C03t ? I hopo sho does. She will bo much happier for it. Give of an abundanco, lady. Do not consider your golden coin thrown into tho/ hospital box last Sunday, maybo with somo ostentation, because your next door neighbor in church has given a tenth of tho amount, sufficient. 'Do good by stoalth, and blush to find it fame.' The woman who assisted to mako your dross may not havo the price of a meal next week. Your Bwell milliner may bo as well off as you are, wearing her rich costumos, but she is not tho porsou to look to. She is porhaps tho dosigner, but whore is the buildor? Thoro goes a girl, happy, bright, and gay. A ploasuro to watch hor face, for sho sees an interest in all around her. Perhaps it is hor first Derby Day, and so, despite tho woather, sho means to raako tho most of her opportunities. And tho young fellow at her side, ho seems happy too. Porhaps by next Dorby Day thoy will be fixed up for lifo, and neither face will wear such a glowing expression of interest. Matrimony seems to knock tho joy out of many lives. There aro gaily dressed children too, eagor to run about and romp on tho lawn. But you aro too well-dressed, and mamma prefers you should ba at hor side just to show how woll b!io wears and how littlo tho years of -matrimonial lifo have told upon her. She likes to hoar tho remark, 'How well Mrs. ? ? — looks ! Dear mo, ono would hardly imhgino hor to bo tho mother of such iino children.' But tho fino children don't care for thi3, and consequently havo a bold look upon thoir young fncos. They are nothalf as happyns young Billy Smith, aged six, who is rolling about in all tho glory of boyish freedom on tho Flat, and laying up sovoro indigestion for Sunday by discus sing sugar soldiers and extraordinary lovely lolly horses, which tho vendor assure3 him aro liko Marvel to tho lifo. Or take a littlo chap I saw on the hill. Ho could not bo moro than five or six, but ho is going tho pace at a great rate, and picnicking with his best young lady, who, liko himself, had como out for tho day with father and mothor. Gonuino enjoy ment for a youngster moans doing what ho Hko3, and provided it is moro boyish fun, thoro is no harm in it; therefore the lot of tho children on tho Hill and tho Flat, for this day at any rate, is preferable to that of the younger portion of tho com munity on tho lawn. Again, on tho lawn you seo tho perfection— or, moro correctly, imporfection — of tho genuino Molbourno dude, or common mashor. Ho is tho toflieit of tho to£f to-diiy, and no one bewails the weather moro than himsolf. ' Beastly bore, don'tchorknow. Can't seo tho dear girls to perfection.' Ho wears clothes ' that fit him well, but look a good deal padded and filled' out. His tailor has quite as much to do with his make-up as tho dressmaker has with tho girl ho ogles through ono doublo eye — part glass — and tho othor eyo trying, to wink without knocking tho aforesaid pane out of its mate; mashnr boots, quito tho correct thing, but about three sizes too small for him. Thon his gloves. They aro tho trado mark of tho mashor, bar his cuffs. Those aro of somo roal gaudy color. A cross between a pink and a palo yollow or something equally extravagant and ludicrous. Ho is my beto noire of tho lawn. A usolesfl, insolent man, who thinks overy girl ho meets ought to bow down and worship him. Faugh I Lot us pass him by and loavo tho sickening odor of scont ho wafts from him behind. Thoro is ths real gonuino business man. Substantial, oolid-looking, but wary, Got him to bot a couplo of bovs, and it is as much as ho will go. Ho is a Bhrowd man, who takoa his ploasuro well and thoroughly onjoya himself. The xquattor comoH down for tho Cup and moans to onjoy himself. HedpondahiB monoy frooly, beta frooly, and oftoh wins, aa it fa moro than likely ho 1b an oxcollont judge of a horno.nnd backs hlBown opinion, ViBltorarromall parts of Australia moot hero yoarly Mid chat ovor all that has happened during tho past twelve months, Jt la pleasant to moot tin) samo old friends oach year, Porno good faces aro missed, gono, nevermore to roturn, That must be the fate of all, and with 'La Grippe' knooklng round, I foel pure thore will be many more gono whon the aiiddlo bell rlug3 for- anathor Dorby, ON T«H HIM AND THAT, 'Flomington Hi)l is. a boon tq thousands, of poopla who cannot afford the Jiixury pf tho paddock, and if tjioy P*11 do so, prefer to tako thoir ploasuro in thoir own. ]TOf: Thoro is nq placii I know of whore ii, mass. ' pf people can gel; such n good eight pf a raco 08 tho Hill at Flemington'. They can'soq all round the noursn, and that \withdutj the least Irflnrtln. Thorn is amplq,:fpom for all,, and ; tho pic-nio grounds- aro ^ho favoritfi fflnort pf tho substantial ; masses. - Hera can, bo sepri.-iho respectablo working-^ inarij whg parbs gooi} monoy; an^! knows how to enjoy 'luinBolf. : ,Trrfs6 him for having plonty of refreshment with him on this occasion, and of a substantial, solid, character. Ho bi'in-;.f tho ' missus ' and youngsters, and don't thoy make a day of it? Tho racing is quito a minor objoct in viow, although ' fathor ' lias his half sov. on his fancy for tho Dorby. If it comos off thoro is moro fun, and tho health of tho winner must bo drank, ovon if tho favorite has nob gob homo, and tho haU-sov. has gono for over into tho big bag of tho book maker, Thoso layors of odds on tho hill havo.a good timo of it, for tho gambling fever is at his hoight, and all Molbourno is mad with racing. I liko to watch Bomo of thoso- gontry on tho hill. Thoy havo countenances which, by tho vory nature of . their calling, aro keen and hard, and their voices would mako good fog-horns on a railway-lino. When tho bookmakers' oc cupation has gono, if ovor it doos, I would advise- tho Railway Commissioners to buy a consignment of thorn for this purpose, and I am euro it would not be a failure. Tho pooplo on tho Flat vory inuoh ro Bomble tho people on tho Hill, with, por haps, the oxcoption that thoy -mako them selves iioisior. By thiB I dojuot moau they aro disorderly or drunkou. For ft vast crowd I novel' saw less drunkonncss than at Flemington. Tho business of racing occupios too much of thoir nttontiou. Side shows on tho Flat are an institution, and during tho intervals of racing thoy are well patronisod. -The -'men-. running these shows reap a rich harvost^and givo fair value for their nionoy. ' If you don't got all you want gouts I'll return yer cash.' As tho cash is never roturnod, Q.E.D. investors get all thoy want. Thoro are sliarpors about on tho Flat, and thoy pray on tho fiats. Tho gontlo lnan with tho nimble poa is all thoro. A wonderful faculty for disappearing that pon j far oasier to discover a poa in the soup of that name in a sixpenny ros taurant. Tho throo-card trick man— wo all know him— plies his calling vigorously when ho can, and makes money rapidly by tho aid of throo or fonr confederates'. Sometimes thoso throe-card men get into lumbor. I onco recollect on a vory windy day at Nottingham on tho old Forest raco courso — now unused for Buoh purposes — an old racecourso idontity named 'Billy tho Fly.' Ho was a fly, and no error— a good dnal too fly on tho occasion I'allude to. Billy had boon doing tho trick with much danger of losing his cards on tho top of an umbrella. Ono man kopt oh winning, and Billy couldn't make it out at all. Prosontly Bill discovored that tho lad ho hod engaged to hold tho umbrella and who Bat underneath it, could seo the cards through tho well worn alpaca, and was tipping tho wink to the winniug man. This was moro than Billy could stand. Eegardless of the cost of a now girighiun ho made a sudden bend forward and buriod the youngster in tho ruins. 'Now I've flattened you out, get,' said Billy, as the half-squashed youngster struggled from under the debris. ' What do yor mean by half-killing myjkid liko that ?'?' said tho big stranger, who had boon booking in tho morning. ' Oh,' he's your kid, is he?' said Billy; ' T^ell then your abloomin' thief.' 'I iuri; am I?' 'Yor are,' politely replied Billy. Eesulfc^-war. Billy got lickod, and worsp than that ho got mil in, and tho man whohad thrashed him, as usual got clean away. 'No inoro umbrollos for/1 1,' Billy usod to say, whon tolling the talo. Whether any of tho thren-card lfion got 'flattened -out' at Flemington on Saturday I don't know, bub at any rato I hope bo. „ .: _ ?IS THE rADDOCE, '. -? ', I will not say.'JJndortlio Elins,' bo causo that ! j)hraso','du'ght »to-,tblong'to ' Augur ' for ovor, the best of racing men aro to bo root with. I had not seen ' Augur ' except at Moonoo Valley sinco his severo illness. Ho looks real bad, but as cheory as ovor, and writes just as woll. How his ' Undor tho Elms ' goes down with tho, orowd, and ho knows overy man on the courso that is worth knowing. I hopo ho will bo ' Under tho Elms ' for many a long year yet, for ho is a man will bo sadly missed from tho ranks of pressmen. And writing of pressmen reminds mo that our old friend 'Nomo' lookod bad and had tho ' grip ' on him properly. I had it myBolf protty bad, so we could Ryrapathiso. ' Martindalo ' was thero as brisk as a beo, and I don't^boliovo any kind of illnosa will evor knock Frank out. ' Iiibblesden,' his now name sotting well \ipon him, was inspecting tho Dorby coltsand congratulating himself on his good tip3 in tho Austjialasian. ' Craribrook,' who is a good judge of a horso, lookod halo and hearty, and ' Ajax ' was busy as n bee as usual. Thoy wero all thero, in and out of tho paddock boforo each raco. A sporting writer's billot is no sinecure, and if yon don't believo what I say, just try it. Owners, trainers, and joolcoys, all bent on real business, wero thoro discussing tho chances of the various horses. Mr. W. E. Wilson, tho master of St. Albans, had plenty to do in admiring his groat colt, Strathmoro, whilo Steadfast and La Tosea aro also his property. Ho sponds a lot of monoy ovory year on horsos, and ho ought to havo a good win now and again to oncquragb him. Mr. 'J. B. Clarko' had to koop his eyo3 on tho syndicate colts undor tho caro of our boss trainor, Tom .Payton. Both lookod anxious, and woll they might, for momentous issuos woro about to take place, and Stromboli was to meet Strathmoro for anothor strugglo in tho Dorby, and Moonray wns to Btruggle hard for tho Plato. Tho Sydnoy men were all looking forward to having a good timo, but tho result provod thoy over antioipatod matters, Mr. William For reBtor, in company with 3Ir. H. B. A. Oatloy, woro taking stock of all thny saw, and neither of fchoui aro bad judgos, Tho ' Squiro,' a3 usual, lookod spiok and span, and ho had tho name familiar nod and Biullo for ovorybody, Mr. Donald WMlaco wan thoro, his well-known flKtiro boing familiar to all raolng-mon, Mr, Gourgo Hill, tho owner of that wondiu-ful lioruq Marvol, had notuaUy ventured, over ? to Molbourno, at least I funolod I bo,w his burly form undop tho trees, Luoky man to' possess such a home, and yofi imluoky.for had.! Marvel bean, in tlio Gup J do HOC seo how. he could very well hav-! lost, Mr, Miller was present, and bo were Mr-, Oioker, Mr,, Fisher and Mp, Powop, I BftW Mr-, Torn Watson Btrolliiif? about, and although I don't wish to pit fattier againet son, I think ho could havo got, the horsos off.tq butter starts mi Dorby Day Uinu Mr.. Goorgo TjVatr son, Mr-, Walter Hall, witij l|J8,.4ramoi-, Tom Latnond, was glancing; at Oi'ido, tho Dorby colt, and probably they both fancied t.l\q gatnq littla foliqw' wou^ w jn. Mr, W. -l\ jpnos, is another, in.au wall.nncl favorably known in thn, racing world. Jlicfy'iUHl eenocous, ho is juRt tho tnaii ta'sncccied.';.^ hear, huisabouttotakoanobliortrip to tho old pouniry shortly. Tho laxtj J4mo lio was horo Bravo won tho pup fop him. Old Toin Ivory, connecting Iho past with tho prosont order of racing men, was kooping a watchful pyo on Vnngmyo/a by no, moans bad-looking youngster,. tCortdy Eoya wiia summing up Sir William's' phanco f or tho , Chip, and Mick Quirk was in closo ntton .flan.co. dh King Olaf, who, loRked particu larly bright add well. Jamoa Swan Baid DaU O'Connor had too much, woight in tho. . Plato, nnd thon ho 'winkod tho othor oyo.' Maitland was busy looking after horsos ho fanciod, i-ut did not ov,-n, and Jomos Monaghan was ovidontly pleasod with his i-ot, Marvol. Tom Halos, as I stated boforo, did not rido in the Dorby, but ho lookod bottor than on tbo, previous Saturday, and is ploking up fast. He had tho offer to rido sovoral Dorby colta, but preferred to stand down for foar, in his weak state of health, ho could nob do thorn justice. In this I am suro ho is wiso. People have no regard for a boaton jockoy. Halos fib and well I would sooner trust with my money in a raco liko tho Dorby than any man. But pooplo aro ficklo, and aro apt to say, ' Oh I he'B donoj can'b rido now(' and so on, even with Bitch a popular idol as llalosi Jack Gainsforth was gotting ready to mount Alboinarlo, and Norrickef was pooling off for Oxido, and Huxloy lookod fit to rido Stromboli, big colb though ho bo, for his lifo. Throe good jockoys, and all steady nnd industrious, and cradits to tho profession to which they belong. Mat Harris looked fresh as a dalsyi How ho must rejoice whon ho gots that black jnokol) and white cap on. Little Toby Moran was oaporing about liko a twoyoar old. and Liddiard and ho would make a. good pair in harness. Jack Gough is anothor of tho good sorts, while the man who Baid anything against Power would gqt a great look of solemn contempt from his hundreds of admirora, Having had a glonco at tho mon, lob mo just scan TIIH DEBBT COLT3 boforo thoy loavo tho paddock for tho groat throo- yoar-old ovont of tho year. One of tho first I looked ab was Strathmoro, and had I Boon him soonor I should havo couplod him with Stromboli instead of giving him third place. Aa ib was, howover, I cannot complain of how my soleotions for this ovont ran, as oub of the four I picked I gob tho first throo. Strathmoro ia a porfoct beauty. Ho is by Nordenfoldt— Ouida, and both his slro and dam havo tho bosb of blood in thoir veins. In this colt Mr. Wilson possesses an ex coptionnlly good ono. Ho presents tho appearance of being a shade light ab firsb, bub glanco ab his various points and ho has no bad 01103. Mr. Sam Hordorn, tho owner of tho Biro, must havo folt pleased whon ho hoard tho news, and I don't know a horso I would soonor havo to put good mare3 to. How this colt won tho Dorby I will doscribo later on. Swordboaror is a black colt by Grandmaster— Oorito, and was brod by tho Hon. J. Eales. Ho is a boautiful colt to look at, and was as fit as hands could mako him. Stromboli, by Chester — Etna, I havo always had a good opinion of, and hayo still. . Payton had wound him up thoroughly, and he , lookod hardor and bottor than at llandwick. He is tho sort of liorao to win the noxb Newmarket Han dicap. Oxido is a son of that good littlo 'un. Sardonyx. Ho is aa compact as a horso could bo made, and as game as a pebble. Ho could nob run a bad raco if ? he tried, provided ho was well. Both his ownor and trainer wore confidant of success, and woll they might be. Ponanco also looked vory well, but ho seems a shade ou tho big sido, but then he is a littlo follow that generally appears well. Alboniarlo, bright and with his coat shining, was a good ono to make tho paco for Stromboli. Tho Eebol, Tarran, Storu chasor, and St. Albans completed the batch. HOW THE DEBBT WAS WON. Whon tho lot woro lined up at tho post Mr. Watson was not long before he sent thorn away to a fair Btart.' Tarran took up tho running and lod past tho %tand and 'out of tho atraight, with tho favorito next. Along the rivor-side Albomarlo went away to tho front ab a merry pace, and going woll ahead, ab tho bond ho was eight lengths in front of Tho Eobol, who led tho othors, the favorito and Stromboli boing busy watching odch other. It was quite evident from tho Btato of affairs that Huxloy and Cusdin know tho finish would bo protty woll botwoon thorn, but Norrieker was koaping a smart look-out on Oxido, who was going well. Ab thoy swopt round tho bend Albomarlo's lead had boon con siderably reduced, and Strathmore and Stromboli woro making thoir way rapidly to tho front. Swordboaror foil as thoy entered tho straight propor, but luckily it was wido of tho othors, nnd he throw Powor clear as woll na him self. Thero was a sharp cry, nnd thon a hush from tho crowd, whon the horso wont down, bub whon it was Been that no serious accident had occurred, attention was paid to tho prospects of tho various horses struggling hard to win. At tho distanco thero woro loud criO3 for Stromboli, who was going well, and flattering his baokers considerably. Thon camo a shout of Pouanco, who was up with tho loaders almosb. But .Strathmoro was decidedly not dono with, as ho camo along at a gronb pace. When ho headed Stromboli tho ox citomonb was great, a3 it was fanciod tho son of Chostormightmako a rusponso to tho call Huxloy was making upon him.' Ho scorned to do bo for a momont.and thon died away again as tho favorito gob level. Oxido soomod to bo cannoned against, bub all tho same ho was going well ns tho trio singled thomnelvcs out for a battle to the finish. Strathmoro gamoly hold his own, and although both Stromboli and Oxide triod hard to got on terms with him, thoy could nob do so, and ho won going freely from Stromboli, with O.tido third. Thon camo Abemnrlo, who had run woll all tho way, Penance fifth, followod by Stornohosor and The Eobel. Tho win of Btrathmoro waa immonsoly popu lar, and horso, ownor, and jookoy camo in for thoir aharo of publio approbation, Tho Sydney division would, of oonroo, havo proforrod to eoo olthpv Btroinboll, Oxido or Ponanoo win, bub they oould not woll bogrudgo n vlotory to Huoh n brilliant) oolu an Sbrachmora ana Huoh n roal good ownor no Mr, Wilson, With puoh n, hornn In Ilia ntablo, wo may oxpoab, to boo Mr, WHoon havo. further big wins, and lid will, no doubto, havo anabhar good fchroo-year.old. for noxt jQfvr, Strom, boll beat Oslde, and oonilrtned the Sydney Pni'tay for-m, wuH vllink It was. norreot, no far M thla pair were oonaei'ned, Alba marlu ran pn well (lint, he inuBtj be no. counted n good colt, for )ia madq n.onrly .thuwhala of tho running, and lasted out woll, !l'jio Eobol only rail inadora.telyt trnq lUEiBiBNqpa p^ffi,' Whon. t'«- numbers, wont, up tho only .aliGontuo for the Plato was, found te. bo Trio, and. ft dozen filed out {« hattla fan tho twq:yaii;Vold race p{ tho year* poanita Moouray's defeat, at,'Moonne, YaU'«yrtiiQ. public put a good iloal pf confidpneo in Jiop, ail it was, anticipated Bhq would aqt better, on thn straight course. Bt\o lookod woll Diiough, and, soeniod almost tho pick' p£ thq tmslcqk' t^tia Captain, whq won iho' two-year-old raca at Moonco 'Valley,' waa aleq fnncioil, but not to, liny groat oxtont, though why it ia dlfllcult ^o, say, aa ho was in 'a good stable^ Cook's, ran woll on. Saturday, and is pvidoiitly a good one. Moli, by Nowiniiiatbr — Melodious, was tho actual favorito up, tq tho full of tlioflag, although a rusli was iuada on Iitra-Weonia at thofiuish. . Shu is a beauty ful filly, and woll bred, being by Tronton —Nellie, ao Bho ought to provo a oradit to biro and dam. Tronton wag u, wonderfully good hor.m, and so was Nollio an oxoollout imvro. Nobody, by Oudoiii— Maid of Long ford, was woll bockod, and so wns Van gravo. by KpiSnuii— Courtosv, Mr. Tom Ivory's golding. Aftor Mr, Watuon had Buccoodod in fottiug thom iu lino thoy wero not long in spreading oub right across tho traok, and as usual aomo of tho young 'una ran Wido, and wobbled about a good doaL Moonray was ono of the fira6 across the tan, and occupied a prominent position until the lost furlong, whoro Bho died away, nnd lofb Tho Captain, Nobody, Etra-Woonio, nnd Yangravo iu prominence. Tho Captain looked liked winning a short distance from home, bub Etra-Woonio had plonty of go left in her, and eub him down before tho winning posb was reachod, whilo Nobody finished third. Dan O'Connor ran respect. ably with his sovon pound penalty, and bo did Gaillnrdia, one of Mr. Wallace's pair. Tho time waa 3$sec. bIowoc than last yoar, but as tho timos wero muck Blower all dny^ inuoh account must nob bo taken of this, for the course was pretty heavy goingi THE irEMOtraXB BTAKEai OE courso this ovenfc waa the one. to got a line for tho Cup, and it Is always looked forward to with much interest. It to' a poouliar raco, becauso, as a rulo, bo tnany of tho candidates are oub for foelors. Marvel, of course, paralysed tho betting to a cortain oxtont, bub nob bo much bo as when Carbine ran last year. Had th* raco boon run at Eandwick Marvol would havo boon a much hotter favorite, but tho books for once accopted short odds on, no doubt relying upon tho good fiold. When Mr. Hill's great horso nppearod on tha track with Mat, Harris in tho Baddlo a perfect volley of cheera greeted ifc. The horso Boomed to know what it all meant, for he wont proudly up tho oouroo, and when Mat. pulled his head round and let him como along for hia cantor, ho moved so frooly thab anothor round of ohoors wore1 givon. Man and horso woro a porfeob pic ture, and deserved all tho pralso thoy ro coivod, while Monagham mnsb bo by no moans forgotten for turning him out in auoh buoklo. King Olaf looked bright and fresh, and a horso that pleased me im monsely In his gallop was Sir William. Whimbrol wont frooly, nnd ro did Corrozo, and Bungobah showed a lob of hia old dash. Muriel wont woll, and Burton had put a firat-class polish on hor. Paris was much observed, and although ho did not movo particularly well, Willlnma toot caro to hold him well in hand. Highborn did not start, which cansod inquirioa to be made a3 to hia whoreabouts, but Mr. Forrester knowa Mb own buainoas best, and tho man that teaches him anything will havo to got up vory early in tho morning. Malvolio went along ab a Rood paco, and bo did Annesley. Some of tho BtartorB seemod to be anxious to get away.but wero only too ready to pull up when, the flag fell. Annosloy mado tho paco, with Correze in attendance, and Eing Olaf and Sir William showed up well, whilo Harris kept Marvel back Borne considerablo dis tance. When tho atraight waa reached, they, began to fairly race, and Annesley, Whimbrol,Bungebah andMarvol woro com ing along well. Bungebah and Marvel got well alongside just before tho distance, whon Harris gave Marvel his head, and ho came along at his usual great finishing pace. Ho never faltered, and although Bnngobah, gave those who had taken an outsido shot about him a brief hope of success, ho gave up when Mr. HUI'b horsa got alongside, and the favorito won with a good bjt in hand from his old rival; while Whimbrel finished third woll up, and Annesloy a good fourth. Beaton norBos. that ran well woro Corrozo, Muriol, and Sir William. Thore waa a disposition to back Whimbrol aa soon as the iiorses had weighed in, and, ns -usual with a Mel bourne Stakes placed horco, ho Boon be camo a good favorito. Ab the special Cup tip appearod yesterday, I need aay no more on tho point. JN' THE JIIKOB EVENTS there were somo good races, and bnckora kopt ? woll on terms with thenisolves throughout the day, which in ? a great measure compensated thom for tho bad weather they had been having. In the Maiden Plate Gatling ns usual playod up at tho post, and lashed out in all directions, ? and Gough must havo folt he had a by no means easy mount. He awivollod round, lashed out, backed, buckod, nnd did everything bad, and ho would bo a roal beauty to clear tho ring for a fight. Steadfast won tho raco, aa described olaowhore, and beat . Havilah and Norbert, while Stono Design ran well. Tho sensational Pigoontoo, whose deeds, good, bad, and indifferent for somo time, was made a hot favorite for the Hothara Handicap, and had ho gono down the ring might have got nearly ? a 'skinner. But ho won, and won so 'well to bo jumped into position as favorite for the Cup. Ho' is a peculiar shaped horso, and turns his toes ' in, but ho can gallop woll onough. Portsoa and Bendigo occupied tho places behind him. A rank outsider come to tho bookmakers' aid inCardoness, and had any sano man soon his Sydney performances thoy could riot havo put a ' bean ' on him with a degree of confidence He won by a length and n half from La Toaca, w ith Ascot Vale third, and a big field behind them that wero sent away by Mr. Watson to an awful Btart. Nob more than half tho horsea had n ghost of a show after thoy had gono a hundred yards. Mr. Watson is called a Princo of Starters, but ho is not a patch on some men I havo soon. So far nB tho general arrangqments on Dorby Day woro concerned they could not well have hoen better. The train norvico was, ns usual, oxcollont, but thero In always a terrible crush to get baok whloh, for ladios, ia abominable It would bo a vaot ltnprovomonb for ladies if thoy could havo a lopnratogato to poaa through, bncauaa It la only at tho platform doors thora In any oruah. Tho usual crowd by road 1,'oj) to town nafoly, and at night Bourko Ktpoetj wm an lively na usual, Up to mid night! n. vasb crowd moved up and down pusb tha Vlotorla Club, and what ploasnro jieoplo. gan see in bolnpt Bcjuiuliod up in Buoh n, mius of humanity, by no raoann o( tho oleanoab kind, lu a mystery. Dub Bon\e, people liko being aquaahed, It pcoma to. give them lifo and hopo, and by thU I mean the pvosiioot of (rotting a tip. What won't a man do to. got iv tip for n. bl(j nwo. I must havo boon naked iv hundred tlmea what my reasons woro for giving certain selections. Melbourne on Sunday, aa \\-W!4 Yfaa vory quiet, It mnafc lie a Tory holy placo3 for you cannot oven, rood a newspaper; without being regarded as n hoathun. Funny pooplo tho MelhpurnltCB, Th,oy a.rq tho greatoot p\miblorq In. Aufl* trulaaia, and yot kdbp tho(j- Ba.b,bath as sorrowfully as' the moat rigid observer of thiB anoiunt custom, 