MARYBOROUGH. '. ; - {From a CorrMpbrtd«»tf.k J A renewal of the missiob held in this parish by the Redemptorist Fathers last year- was commenoed- in St. Augustine's Churoh on Sunday, when the Rev. Fr. Bergmanns preaohed an appropriate sermon from the text, " Let us revisit our brethren," etc. In the course of his sermon the rev. gentleman urged all who had not attended the mission to avail themselves of the present opportunity, while to those who had made the mission well he trusted its renewal would bring confirmation of their every good pur pose, and graoe to persevere to the end in the love and service of God. At the elose of the servioe the Rev. Fr. Lemire—the beloved pastor of the parish —referred to the olaims of the Redemptorist Fathers upon the gratitude of his hearers, and announced that on Sunday next a oolleotion would be taken up at all servioes in aid of the building fund of the Redemptorist Monastery at Ballarat. During last week very sueoeBBful mission services were oonduoted by the Rev. Fr. Bergmanns at Amphitheatre, and the Very Rev. Fr. O'Farrell at Eddington. Since tho assumption by the Rev. Fr. Lemire of the oharge of this parish both churoh and sohool have made exceptional progress. The Good Fathers of the Holy Ghost entered the handsome presbytery attaohed to the ohuroh with a debt hanging over it of £860. In the short space of two years the whole of this debt has been liquidated and many improvements made, both to the building and Bpacious grounds. The churoh also has been thoroughly renovated; handsome statues, font, eto., have been provided, and, after all, the ohuroh, sohool, and presbytery are entirely free from debt, a oiroumstanoe mainly due to the zeal of our worthy pastor. The Catholio Young Men's Sooiety has also made great strides during the last twelve months. It now numbers upwards of seventy members, most of whom are regular attendants at the meetings. The sooiety took an active interest in the enfranchisement of the young men of the parish, and the eleotoral rolls have been materially augmented in oonsequenoe. The members give entertainments periodically for various objects oonneoted with the Churoh, and in this way also the sooiety is proving a most useful organisation. The last of these performances was given on Thursday evening, when the sohool room was thronged by an audienoe representing all denominations. The societr contemplate ereoting a new hall in whio! to hold their meetings and entertain ments. 