MUSIC AND DRAMA. During the present week " positively tlie lust appearance of tlie Victorian Orchestra'7 has been announced in the Melbourne papers, and after an existence of two vears this organisation may lie considered to all intents and purposes defunct, although a committee of gentlemen has been formed with tlie object if possible of keeping the members of the orchestra together so that they may he avail able for the accompaniment of the choral societies of the city. The Victorian Orchestra was an institution in many respects quite unique of its kind, as for instance in its national character and in its regular per formances of music throughout tlie year. In these points it had 110 parallel, even in the capital city of tho Empire. It had its origin in the enthusiasm for orchestral music cn- gendered by the perfornmnccs at the Exhibi tion under the direction of Mr. Cowen, it received a subsidy of £3000 from tho Govern ment, its conductor was specially brought from England, the majority of its players were undoubtedly masters of their respective instruments, it had an executive committee of some of the most prominent musicians and men of business 111 Melbourne, and a public to appeal to whose boast is that they are ahead musically of any other city in Aus tralia; and yet, in spite of all these advun. tages, the project has proved financially, and to a certain extent artistically, a disastrous failure. These facts provide abundant food j for reflection on the part of those who have at heart the progress of music iu tho colonies. In the light of the above paragraph an ad ditional interest is given to an attempt now 1 being made in Sydney to organise a series of j orchestral concerts, with Signer Hazoti as conductor, and the adoption of the share j principle for tlie payment of tlie instru- ) ineutulists. Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, ALP., and Mr. A. W. Green have been appointed lion, secretaries, and with a representative com mittee there would appear to lie reasonable grounds for tlie entertainment of tlie hope that success will attend tlie present ell'ort to bring instrumental music before the people. Tlie management would do well to recognise the fact that the society should he founded upon a broad basis which recognises that the appreciation of good music is not eoiilined to a select circle of musical connoisseurs, and also that the tastes of all classes should be considered and provided for 111 the pro gramme. t The work that is to succeed Sir Arthur .Sullivan's " lyanhoe" at the Koval English Opera House is founded upon ' ' Elaine," one ot Tennyson's " Idylls of the King." Tho composer engaged upon tin; work' is Mr. Bcniberg, who appears to ire somewhat of a cosmopolitan so fur as his nationality is con cerned. lie was horn in .South America, of German parents, lived for some time in the United States and was educated in France and Italy. A new hull for the performance of oratorio is being erected iu London. It is to be ready for occupation by the end of the year, and will aiibrd accommodation for an orchestra and choir of 600 persons and an audience of about 3500 persons. Exeter-hall was at one time the great centre for oratorio performances, but the present proprietors, who have been described as amongst the " unco' guid," have objected to oratorio per formances in tlie Exeter-hall on tlie alleged ground that " the lives of tiie singers did not reflect the sentiments they uttered." A aster Jean Gerard y, a boy of about 15, has been attracting a great deal of attention as a performer upon the violoncello at the London concerts. lie lias played a concerto by Golteriiiami at the Crystal 'Palace and at St. Jaines'-hall, took part iu three move ments from If uliinstein's piano trio in B Mat, and proved himself a worthy associuto of Hell- Seliiiiiheiger (piano) aiid M. Ysiive (violin), and in various light solos also dis played the good qualities by which he lias made himself a name. .Sir Arthur Sullivan's "Golden Legend" was performed at the Albert-hall 011 May 6. Mr. Barnbv, the conductor, had returned from the Continent for this concert, where he had been iu search of health. The shill ing of the choir is said to have been niagniti- cent. The soloists were Mesdames Nordica and Belie Cole, and Messrs. Ben Davies ami Herschcl. Miss Olga Nethersoie and Air. Cartwright arrive iu Sydney by express to-day. Miss Nethersoie 13 an actress whose great ability won many admirers during her season here a month or two ago, and at tlie railway station to-day she will lie given a very cordial recep tion. The institution of regular matinee per formances at Sydney theatres is being thought over by managements. Tlie idea seems to be — though it has not been actually crystallised yet — that these performances should be given at different theatres 011 dif ferent, afternoons in the week, so that day time playgoers might have a complete rouiid of theatrical gaiety. However, no decision has been come to 011 the subject vet. Mi as Myra Kemble, who holds tlie Aus tralian rights of 44 Dr. Bill," will probably go 011 tour with that comedy and 44 Jane" shortly, New Zealand being on tlie route. For the present, however, Miss Kemble will remain in Sydney to take part iu tlie Criterion production of 44 Dr. Bill," which is done bv arrangement with her. The Brough and .Boucieault season at the Criteriou (beginning next Saturday) will in clude at least two pieces, 44 Dr. Bill" and 44 A Night Off." When this company, with Mr. Brough at their head, have played a few weeks they will change with the linn's other company, which ' is now playing 44 Dandy Dick" at the Melbourne Bijou, with Mr. Boucieault iu command. The jjreat produc tion of 44 Much Ado About Nothing," over which a very large sum of money is being spent, will be seen in Melbourne first, and it is probable that Sydney will not see.it until the Criterion has been rebuilt next year and made the finest theatre in tho 'Australian, as will be claimed for it. But whenever 44 Much Ado About Nothing " is produced it is likely to be much the biggest thing of its kind seen in Australia. Messrs. Danby, Leslie, Storey and Webb introduce a new pan dc qitatre in 4lRuy BlUs" at Melbourne, in which they arc made up to resemble Sir Henry Parkcs, Mr. Dea- kin, Mr. Gillies and Mr. Speight. The takings at Mr. G. R. Ireland's benefit at Melbourne last week amounted to £153. The theatrical profession may be con-, siderod to have treated sufferers by the floods in Victoria with exceptional gene rosity. The benefit given by the Brough- Boucieault Comedy Company realised £210 2s, the Gaiety Company have made a per sonal dentition of £124, and further efforts arc to be made immediately. The Australian rights of 44 The Solicitor," a comedy by J. IT. Darnley, which was very successfully played tit Toole's Theatre lust year, have been purchased by Mr. Charles Cartwright, who will probably include it in the repertoire of his farewell season. 44 Tho Old Guard," iu which tho Royal Opera ComiJiniy will appear at the Sydney Theatre Royal on August 10, is now being played at Brisbane by that company. Mr. Charles Rylcy ships a new song, composed bv M. Carou, and called 4 When thou art near.' .Mr. Jules Simonsen is playing in ''Bridget O'Brien, Esq.," at Adelaide. Mr. Sheridan, by-thc-way, has added to that remarkable comedy a scene in which ho appears as Koinco, and is supported by Miss Graoie WJiiteford us Juliet. Miss Laura Villiors, an English actress, who is supported by an imported company, begins a season at the Melbourne Theatre Royal to-night with 11". A. Jones' play 44 The Dancing Girl." The names of the new com pany, as given in the cast, are as follow air. Clifton Alderson, Mr. Guy Drury, Mr, Albert Bernard, Mr. Julius Knight, Mr. F. Rcreival Stevens, Mr. Russell Craufurd, Mr. T. Foster, Mr. Bat son, Mr. Warden, Mr. Lcith, Miss Emily Stafford, Miss Holt, Miss Gwendolon Floyd, Miss May Thome, Miss Fordyoe, Mrs. Ilethcote. Mr. Dumpier, who has been playing 44 Jess" at Melbourne, announces Rettitt'a drama 4 The Royal Pardon" (with Mr. Dumpier in live characters) as his farewell performance to-night. Miss Ellon Terry, in her "Stray Memories, ' has this to say of Madame Bernhardt: — 44 It was on the Lyceum stage, after a performance of lolanthe (4 King Rene's Daughter"). Tlie scene was still set. It was a garden. Dear mo S how she dazzled and interested me! She flitted here and there, pretending to biuoU the flowers. She rustled and. rustled. Shimmer, shimmer went her dress; and flit, flit went she. It made me think thut the garden was real — my own stage garden that I had been acting in. She seemed to me a butterfly, aud 1— an elephant. I did feel heavy, dull and stupid by tho side of her. It waa the first time I had met her— oil the stage. She chattered away all the while in French, since she could nob in English, and thereby showed hoi wit. charming us — or me at all events — and holding the situation most completely. I remember that evening (when she left oiV flitting and proved bo me that she was not really a butterfly by outing some asparagus for supper after the play) she spoke to me about my real tears in 44 King Rene's Daughter/' not with surprise, but willi interest and .sympathy, and told me she could not erv. But 1 know that she felt crying, though her tears did noi "come." Two performances of Handel's 44 Judas Maeoulir.'us," a work very rarely heard in France, were given lately at Toulouse with 400 executants. Mr. Toole is amusing London with n dumb show production of 44 lei on Parle Fnuieais," j one ol the remarkable features of which in the 44 jUyuig On ' of iSprigiuS t-u the time of 44 Here Comes the Bogie Man." This panto mime is sandwiched between 44 The Serious Family " and 44 Ibsen's Ghost." Mr. C. J. .S. Palmer, a gentleman with a largo assortment of favorable 44 notices," is playing 44 My Sweetheart" at Dunedin (N.X), under the management of Mr. W. G. Carey. Mr. Grattan Riggs has joined forces with the Gerald-Duff company, and the combina tion will play at Hobart, among other pieces, Hubert O'Grady's Irish dramas 44 Famine", and 44 Eviction. Private letters received in Sydney say that Mr. If addon Chambers' play 44 The Idler" is having a very prosperous season in London, and is likely to run for some months yet. Mr. Walter Frith's "Moliero" is of Lhe class of one-act plays now becoming so popular in England, and is to be produced at St. James' as a 44 curtain raiser" for 44 The Idler. " Miss Nellie Stewart's part in Mr. Solomon's new opera 44 'Die Rajah" was understood, when tlie mail left, to be under ofier to Miss Lcnore Snyder, an American young lady with "a pure, high soprano voice, a charm ing appearance and a refined style of singing and acting." 14 Tho Rajah" libretto was written by Mr. George Danco, with tlie assist ance of Mr. d'Oyloy "Carte and Mr. Desprey. One of the best phases of tlie story is that iu which a wooden Oriental idol becomes ani mate and subsequently marries an Indian maiden impersonated by Miss Jessie Bond. Though "Byron" may still spell 44 bank ruptcy," Shakespeare ana ruin do not appear lobe quite as synonymous now as they were in Chattertoii's nay. Mr. Irving is preparing for 44 Henry VI 11.," Mr. Beerboinn Tree is going to play 44 Hamlet" at the Haymarket next season and Mr. Willard is studying 44 King Lear." Mr. Willard, it may bo men tioned, is to make an American tour presently, for which onc ot his pieces will be a drama bv tlie prolific Joseph Ration, founded on Hawthorne's novel 44 The Scarlet Letter.'' Miss Mary Anderson (Mrs. Navarro) has abandoned the stage in perpetuity. 44 It is not because I am not just as fond as ever of my art," she told ait interviewer who saw her at Tunbridge Wells recently, 44 but be cause I was weary, as one would naturally bo, of 14 years' continuous labor. I shall never act again." 