The Doctorssliook tlielr Heads. " I would give a million dollars (or a atom ach," said a wealthy American recently. Now a million dollars (£200,000; is a deal of money, bat he was not able to bay the artiole even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, ot No. 8, Poplar Bow, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not BO rieh as many, tains a gardener, bit lie was ready enough togive all hsfcadfor ode thing he hadn't Sot. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in is own way. Mr. Gaskin goes on to say: " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an boon'work through sickness. In Deoember, 1882, whilst living at Sees ton, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taBte in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and stioky that I often bad to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up ' and my throat used to swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the noBe, and tbe blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or Bix weeks. " I then went as an out-patient to the Not tingham Hospital, and after attending then for six months was very little better. I got so tbin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eight teen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try 8 change of air. 8o I same to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor re commendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Darby. I found however, that-all the beds tn hospital were full, and I saw my club doctors and two doctors at Derby. The flint one said, . fou are in a galloping consumption, and mmt die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, taid nothing, but thook their headt. " Getting a trifle better my old master al lowed me to do what little I could in hiigarden and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a tew days. Things went on like this until Deoember, 1888, when I caught oold. got veij short ot breath, and broke down completely. I wu always coughing and .pitting up phlegm, sometimei as muoh as a teaenpful at onoe, and mat afraid to go to tUep for/car the phlegm would choke me. At this time the «tutfe bf my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes became bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and $uobed' and I dten broke tyut into a oold sweat. Uy tongue was like a' piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a atone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get op for a few hours at a thne, but "Was so weak I had to take* hold of ihft f urqitpie tompyeafew yards. 1 waa always tired ana weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real-rest. Too weak to road I often sat for boats looking at my hands nothing but and bone, and was ao nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said,' I can do you no good; I eon only patch you up, becoMte your hum art diuated. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried -every thing I sould hear of. One thing was a cough oure from London that coat 82s a bottle. But nothing did any good,and my friends who Mine to see me said,' JF«M, you won't cough. much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About tbe middle ot March, 1869, a neigh bour named Joseph Tetham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me,' Tom, did you ever try Mother Bcigel'* Syrup ?' and told me how he had been eared after being in the hospital. He spoke so muoh in pmise ot this medioine, I Bent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Viotoriaj Street. After the first dose I had an evacua tion as black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing Sot easier, my food kept flown, and in a few ays more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end bf a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the im provement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Beigel's Syrup had saved my lite. I commenced work at onoe, and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my etrenglh did not return all at onoe, but after taking Beigel's Syrup for aix months I'was as strong as ever in my lite and have continued BO ever since." In giving hiB consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests ua to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardner,Darley Ablwy, who isacquaintod with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin haB lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an ezoellent reputation. Now, wnat welb the oompiaint trom wmon ne suffered,' Not galloping coniumption certainly (at one cif the doctors thought), or tie would have galloped into hit grave in lat than three moiitJit, instead of growing wane tor seven years. His oompiaint was chronic Inflammatory dyspepsia | (ot chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung Bymptoms like consdmplion, tor whioh it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy. Mother Seigel'B Syrup, wbb used, the diseaBe yielded, as all the diBoaseB of the digeitive tract do yield to that magni ficent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaston on his recovery, and commend the taots of his case to all thinking people. 