* THE PHANTOM TRAIN. MUountain engineers are perhaps the most fearless class of men in the world. Journeys of so perilous a nature that the blood of an ordi nary man would curdle at the bare thought of one undertaken are successfully made by them, and under circumatances of so trying a eboarac. ter that on reflection the average"man would marvel at. Those men who 'ride hiundreds of miles through the mountains are seldom frightened, but today there resides in Denver a man who would not pull a train over Marshall Passfor a cool million, and wheh the name of that famous place is mentioned he involuntarily clenches his honds arid pales visibly; Severalyearu ago there was a story circulated that three times a week- a phantom train went steaming over the pass, and that ghostly forms couldbe seen threugh the car windows, and although the statemots in regard to it were incoherent, engineerohegan to regard a 4trtain rtion of the trak with susprcon, and usally uggedtherailsthere asclsea possible. One moring a freight 'innnlr"palled into Green Itiver and informed the operator that he had seenthe train, and so earnestly did he plead with the rmaster mechanic that he was given an engine en the Salt Lake division '-Other exrpe. rienceswore related, and it became almost a weekly occurrence that some enaineer would report having seen a train' of which the despateherhad no record and'eould iotaccoont for. 'In nearly every 'instance the engineers who:'cmplalned were those who' pulled the .night"'er, which ;eahed Green Bltver at 7 'oJocl kinthe mibnoringg "'' One engineerwho'hsd tsfiaoeeen' the`much talked-oft train pulleuup out of Salida as whitd as the snow on the ground, abd'the'.follorwinis morningthe fireman 'broght'the engi'si intb .Green rivtr, the brakemas' firing, and the engineer in an insosiible condition. He had seen the phantom train, and that' was his last trip on the road,. the 'eglat train was thein plaeed in the haide of ah old and tried efnginer, by the name of Nelebri Ediaids;' wbb hd as a fireman Charled Wlitehead. Bots edne'were cool' and 'cailetatingj well educated'asd generally bon= dideried the most fearlesitmesmin r'ha employ of the Rib Oraide-men who hradcaughtrunasway trains on the mountaih side Wirthout so mush as afluih suffising their cheeks:. For' nearly two moniths they were on the' train, back and 'firthi every other day,.and' While the alternating crews had changed srveirl times, they had not as vet seen the mysteiious train, the eight of which had been the cause of so many engineers quitting that division: Oni evening, just at dark, while the fireinan wais lighting ths lamp, the engineer, Edsiobde, saperseinced's strange feeliiigersripsngoyerHichi' aortas 'he pulled into the' moion thsile iens asesimeddeper than usual;the night darker iihd the air cooler.' Seveoral time' 'befofe theiy reacl'ed thograrde the pepping-5 of the safety valve cauoed him to start.' Bat esone they were winding in and about the labyrinth of.amll canons and over deep arroyas, and as histrained eye swept the glittering rails ahead he forgot hda uneasiness. Engineersseldomspeak totheir firemen-as a rule they are too busy; the corn. stant watching requires that their minds should be on' their work, and tonight Edwards was more like a sphinr than usual,'for it was re ported that there was a bridge in danger of going down; and a defective rail in one of the canone, and ever andanon healakenedtheaepeed of his train as a matter of safety. The engineer passed under the snowshed' and the strange roar so peculiar on such occasions followed. While in the shed far away' there came the long, warnirng .whistles of an ap proaching train. Edwards remarked to his fireman that No. S wase' following too close. Again, when about five miles farther on, he re ongnised the same whistle, this time nearer, and at short intervals the signal was heard coming rapidly nearer. "It. must be a wild train," Whitehead grumbled, as the erngineer reached for the rope and gave two short, sharp whistles only to hear the. long, dangerous answers. Again in a snowahed. it occurred to him that he had to "saw by" an east-bound freight at the neat switch, 25 miles further up the mountain, and as he left the shed the bell sounded three times, and he bronught his train to a standstill as quickly as possible. He could hear the doleful sound of the followers, and the piston rode travelled back and forth us the cylinders in the crisp night air, but a sound more ominous than that was the long-drawn whistles of the engine that was so rapidly overhauling him. The con ductor ran forward at this juncture, and asked: "What did you stop for?' " What did. you pull the.bell-cord for?" re joined Edwards. "You're crazy," the eonductor said. "Now, Y...1L 60 - ..i~v-ot- -',n1 rghº e . - a .5L. switches, becarse we've got to pass No. 19 there, and besides, there's a wild train a-climb ing up on us. D'ye hear?" ddwards drew back the lever with a strange feeline. He opened the throttle, the wheelas slipped on the steol cails, but as they caught the sand, the long, heao- train began to more forward slosly. Both men in the cab could hear the sanu grind beneath the enormous weight of the engine. The train increased in momentum as it moved forward, and in tbont five minutes was running as fast as practicable on that portion of the road. The following train was approaching nearer and nearer. Again the chort oseris of warning whistles was heard, which Edwards answered, but only to hear the wild train give the danger signal again. He lookedoutof the window as he was rounding a curve and noticed the other train rapidly approaching. Cold beads of sweat stood out on his forehead r.c he pulled the throttle wide open. Fester. and raster the speed of the truain increased, and more dan gerous was the track. They were now in the very worst portion of the pass, where the enow banks were the most treacherous, and just in this part of the track was where the broken rail was reported. Every time the engine struck a curve it seemed as though it was im possible for the small flanges to hold the engine to the rails. The cars were rockring violently. The passengers were rudely awakened from theirslumbers by the train striking a snowdrift. The speed of the train was so great that the train broke the drift easily and was soon roaring through a inosehed. H1ow the fire man labousred. His shirt was wet with porepi ratios, for she hongry furnaer carsesosd the coalso quickly that the stack belched lire. The passengers having been warned of the impending danger, had dressedthemselves. The women sere wsringiog their hands in despair, strong men were trembling, and the thought of evary person on the train woo of the man whose hand rested on the throttle of the engine ahead. WVould the rear train dash into the coaches and kill all the pissengers? Who was their engineer? Was `he competent? Was the engineer in the rear train mrad ? The cur tains were ll thrown up, a few darinsg men clung ons the plrstform sud glanced rnxiously back. The conductor started suddednly as he caught a glimise of the driving wheels of the reartrain. They were fulls ten inches larger than those on the engine alhead. With hand tightly clinched err the throttle Edwarle's eye rig idly swept the track. He was a good engineer, for even under that awful strain he had the presence of mind to shut ott his steam in ordcr'to save i: shen running down grade without brake pressure, end never once while running did he allow power to take the place of speed, a fauit of most engineers under eacite ment. At this time the srow began to descend, and in the peculiar lIghlt that settles on earth, caused by the snow, Edwards sass something in a btckwsrd glance he took that made trio blood freeze, and almost cauned his heart to cease heating. On the top of one of the cars of the rear tran was a tall white figaro of a mao gesticulating wildly, while he isuld see a white form in the cub. A terrible thought dashed through his mind-the train, chb train, the peculiar condition-it was the phantom train. Without further parley, regardless of the broken roil, he dropped the lever another notch, and then as quickly as possible, but cautiously he opened the throttle s-lie. HIis troined earicaught everyosund his engine made, and urnder the interrse eacitoment he once thought he heard the pistons grioding and the azle pound. It wosldl be impossible to pass a broken rail atthe terrific speed hey woro travell ing. Hewos leodingtho racehvnahout200yardo now, and as his train approachid a point where the track reversed and ran sarrllel, he nerved himself for the trial. He rounded the curve safely and started, andpwas moving back on the serpentine curve with the rapidity of lightning. As he pasoed the other engine he awr. wo ex tremely white figuresin the cab. The spectrir ongineor turned aface to him like dough, and tasighed. , h n The ghostly fireman reached for the cord, and again a series of ohort. sharde whistles sounded. On thl train ploaged into the night,, roaring through snow-rheds and over aron bridges that trembled beneath the sudden shock. So fast was the train travelling that the rush of rir could. be heard by the paosenters. Wherever their was a snow drift the train would break through it like a hurri cane. Faster asd faster, for now they nre mounting to the highest point of the pass. where the air was coldest, steam was not so plentiful, and soon Edwards had the lever in the corner .and.the throttle wide open. The greatest sieed his togns on as no p of had hoen attained, and Edwards' us lad but watch the raili in front ofthim and keep his hands on the throttle. The phantom train wos gaining: he could go no fastler, he was helplees. Arouad the shelves of high mountains and along the ridge of lofty hills, over deep arroyas, through long snowsheds the race continued ; the very landscape was closing behind the train like a cloud ; the mountaius seemed to recedo rapidly, but all the while the spectre train was gaining ground. The wind arose and sighed; and from tho north heavy clouds began to drift south ward. The pilot struck a slight snow bank and hurled it a hundred feet high. A terrific storm was soon in progress, the furiee of which seemed to concentrate on the fleeing passenger train. On into the night the traine swept, spectre and passenger, like bolts of lightning pursuing one another through the sky. Edwards sighted a bridge that was reported weak, passed it safely, and having by this time crossed the summit was now on the down grade. Steeper it became, and when one particularly heavy hill was reached, Edwards was guilty of running the grade without applying the air brakes. Soon he ighted the switch. No. 19 was not there, and, with a madness born of excitement, he went tearing:by like the wind. Another series of short, sharp whistles and an instant later the eineer saw a red lantern swinging in the rightofay. He was running down grade, the thongt of No. 19 ahead, the mysterious train behind, and a trained mechanic he in stinctively applied the air. The wheelsstopped revolving, but the train was still running over the snowy rails. Far ahead he observed light, shadowy, fantastic forms, and as the train drew nearer, he saw that they were repairing the track. They were spirits, and the next minute flying towards the ghoste on the track, passed through the crowd of ten or twelve, ranched the curve beyond, and Edwards ventured a backward glance. .He saw the phantom train:runto a broken rail, the engine ran off onto the. ties,and one second later the heavy freight-pitched down the embankment, ani a moment later vanished. Written in the frqst of the fireman'swindowwas thefollowing, in h peculior hand , .. \- ' Yers ago a frate train wad reeked as you saws-now that yu saw it, we will never make anbther :rn. The enjine was not ounder cahtrol, and four sexshun men wor killed. If .yu ever raion this road again yu will be roeked." .Ed wards pssed No. 19 at the second switch, reached Green river at 6 o'clock the next morning, an hour ahead of time, and left the Rio Grande that day. The following evening :h went to Salt Lake, and is considered one of the most trustworthy men in their employ. The phantom has not been seen since that eventful giigat.-WerAl:.t Bdgcf. . . . . . . 