OAR AND SAIL. NOTES AND COMMENTS. Boom in Boat Sailing. Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club. The Association and the Mercs. Memorial to the Late P. J. Clark. Yachting Gossip— Fleet of New Flyers on the Stocks— What the Rowing Clubs are Doing— The Leading Sailing Clubs Getting Under Way — Port Jackson Steam Yachts — Sulll- van-Stanbury Chal lenge — Adventu- rous Ocean Open-boat Cruise. Single-Handed Yacht Sailing, and a Mysterious Death. FIXTURES. August 16. — Sydney R.C. regatta. August 20.— AI.lt.0. handicap race. September 5.— Kuiicar v. Crowe, at Raymond Terrace. October 3. — Lciohhnrdt li.C. Regatta. October 10. — Mercantile R.C. regatta. November 28.— Intercolonial eight-oar race. Secretaries of regattas and rowing and sailing clubs will oblige by forwarding notices of races and information as early as possible to thoeaquatic reporter, Australian Star. The ensuing boat-sailing season presents every prospect of being one of the most unique and interesting in the annals of sail ing south of the line. The interest attaches to the old order ; but a degree of curiosity and enthusiasm has been excited among racing boatowners and sailers never before known, and this has been initiated through the formation of the Sydney Flying Squadron Club on Tuesday night last at the Cambridge Clnb Hotel by boat captains and owners representing fully 1000 sailing men of the harbor. The meeting, it must be remembered, was merely preliminary, and the 20 boats entered are but a fraction of those which will join the ranks of the club during the next few weeks. Mr. Mark Foy, the originator of the club, has struck out a decided innovation in boating matters. All the old hard-and-fast rules hitherto attaching to boat and yacht sailing have beon thrown overboard, and this is fully apparent in the manner in which the public — not a few friends of the club, but the bona- fide general public — are included in all the proceedings. The boatowners, and also the crews, participate in any surplus funds arising from the success of the club in en hanced prizes, apart from the prize money, which has already been guaranteed to the extent of £300 by Mr. Foy, and for this Mr. Foy desires no return whatever, the money being solely devoted to prizes. The ex penses for steamers, grant of land with harbor frontage, band, advertising, secre tary, handicapper, clubrooms, printing, man with skiff for laying buoys, &c;,, wharfage for steamers, judge, buoys, ropes, &c.;, and incidental expenses are estimated at £850. On the other hand it has been shown that at the very lowest estimate, taken from the returns of clubs which have had little or no power to attract a large attend ance of the general public, the receipts must more than cover the expenditure. There is, however, the fact that when it becomes gene- rally known that the club intends to have a Saturday afternoon's racing of such an in teresting character the public will attend by thousands. A fleet of boats with gaily-colored sails, crews in natty uniforms, and the racing craft up to the pitch of perfec tion, which only Sydney men can achieve, will form a pretty sight, and one which will be the more appreciated as the specta tors will not be asked to " view " the racing from the crowded decks of a smoky harbor steamer. A commodious steamer will con vey the spectators from one of the most central wharves in the city to a retired green, shady spot, with sandy beach, in the harbor. A first-class band will take away from the "sweet monotony" that naturally attends too extensive a quantum of even exciting boatracing ; and therefore promenading on the green sward will no doubt occupy the interval in which the many-hued-winged craft take to negotiate the farthest angle of their 3 1/2-mile triangular course. The proposed season's racing programme of the club is not to be confined to any one class of boat or crew, but is to embrace, on separate days, races for 24 footers and other racing craft according to their grade, canvas dingies, professionals, single- handed sailing, race for lady crews, &c.; Somewhere about 10 races of say three heats each afternoon are proposed, the events to be held on alternate Saturdays during the season ; but this and all other matters purely and simply attached to racing will be left in the hands of the club racing com mittee, to be appointed by the members. For this committee 30 gentlemen, all bot captains or owners were nominated at the meeting on Tuesday. A financial committee to be appointed by the members will deal with all questions of finance, so that the practical working men will be enabled to carry out their part of the business without any dread of the expense to be incurred, The Sydney Flying Squadron Yacht Club may fairly be said to be now in thorough going order, and it only remains for the meeting on Thursday night next to make the necessary arrangements for the opening of the season. The provisional committee are making arrangements for club rooms and the site down the harbor. The club's rooms are to be situated in the most convenient portion of the city, and will principally con- sist of one large room, which will be utilised as a reading-room when not required for general meetings. There will be a select library on boating matters, and the current literature will comprise the leading papers of the day, including those which more par ticularly devote a section of their space to aquatics. Some objection was taken at first by boat ing men to adopt the colored sails, but when the matter was fully explained to them and were shown nicely colored re- presentations of how a race would appear under the new conditions, and the partial banishment of the " white wings" all objection ceased, and boating men heartily fell in with the idea, which simply resolved itself into a picture some thing like the following : — Some 20 or 30 boats, instead of flying most objectionable black numbers on their sails, have the cloths of their "canvas" colored in harmonious and interesting designs, the choice of color being at the option of the boatowners. Thus one boat will be distinguished by a blue Maltese cross, sufficiently large to stand out in bold relief on the while ground of all her sails ; others will adopt a diamond, a cres cent, &c.;, while others again will stand by alternately striped cloths. The idea is a good one, both from a public point of view and also on account of the sailing men, who will have the satisfied feeling that all their seamanly qualities are not only seen, but attributed to the right boat, and this all over the course, not merely when rounding a mark buoy a few yards from the spectators. The rules of the club are brief and to the point, and may be briefly summarised as follows : — 1. That all boats shall have colored sails, to consist of every alternate cloth being dyed some bright color. Such sails to be used only for racing purposes and not used for pleasure sails. 2. That the club course shall be laid out in a perfect triangle as follows : — Say, from the starting line opposite Garden Island round Pinchgut, round a buoy moored near Mossman's Bay, thence round Clarke Island and back to starting point — not more than three miles and a half direct. 3. That the boats shall receive their handicaps at the start of the race under the " Mark Foy" system. First past the winning post to win the race, except in the case of an upheld protest. 4. That the boats must always finish before the wind with every thing set, and the starter must start the boats on such side of the triangle that the boats will be enabled to finish before the wind. In the event of a sudden change of wind after the boats have started they will continue the race independent of this rule. 5\. That no boat shall be allowed away from mooring with colored sail except when racing. Crews wishing to leave moorings during the progress of any race, or to view such race, must down their racing sails and appear under ordinary canvas. 6. Each day's acing to consist of two heats and the final. First heat, 3 p.m.; second heat, 4 p.m. ; third (final), 5 p.m. The club is to be registered under the system adopted by friendly societies, and that its success is assured is apparent from the number of entries of boats already in hand, and which have selected their colors, among which are the following: — Lottie, Cynthia, Raceland, Elsie, Grace Darling, Splendora, Mantura, Kannanook, Ghost, Marcelle, Iverna, Our Boy, Etna, Wild Wave, Violet, Victor, Regiana, Our Boys. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron mem bers have got through the weighty business of their annual meeting, and have elected their officers pretty well as they stood for last season. Mr. A. G. Milson, of the 40- tonner Era, is again commodore. The annual report submitted to the members was stated to be satisfactory, but where the grounds for the satisfaction arise it is hard to say. The Royals say that they have 35 yachts on their register, and 140 members. On the score of the yachts the club has reason to be proud. In the various classes, from the six-tonners to the 40-tonners Era and Volunteer, there are not better or faster yachts in any club probably in the world. This is not saying too much, as will be readily admitted by anyone who is conver sant with what is doing in yachting matters the other side of the line. But then, with this magnificent fleet under the Royal's flag, how does it come that there was not a single first-class race during the season? Then there were only six other events including the race for Colonel Gascoigne's Cup. This is scarcely a fair season's work for an influential club like the Royals. However, Commodore Milson, the winner of the Intercolonial Cup, with such a committee as he has to back him up, is not likely to let the ensuing season be so destitute of results. The annual committee meeting of the Port Jackson Amateur Sailing Club was held on Monday evening lust. Tho business comprised a general revision of the rules, nomination of officers for the ensuing season, and arrangement of programme. The pre sent officers are Commodore, G. Hellings; vieo-eommodcre, Fred Wright; lion, trea surer, Fred C. Eaton ; secretary, A. J. Spoers ; assistant secretary, - Robert F. tho proceedings of last season thero should not be much chunge in tho officers' roll. Nominations must be lodged with the lion, secretary before the close of tho next com mittee meeting. Tho election will take place at the annual general meeting on Tuesday, September 8. Tho Johnston's Bay Sailing Club started operations on January 3 of last year ; but during the sailing season the infant club attained its full manhood, judging by the excellent programme which was got through, th eevents being witnessed by many delighted spectators, who have promised to stand by the club in the ensuing season. There were 13 races during the 1890-91 season, the winning captains in which wero in the following; order : — G. Holmes, Chris. Webb, J. Robinson, T. Leach, T. Colebrook, sen., T. Colebrook, jun., R. J. Cameron, C. P. M'Conville, J. Cronin, F. Hopper, G. Fletcher, W. M. Cameron, E. Doran, E. Bell, W. E. Booth, Charles Webb, and James Hawkes. G. Holmes had the unprecedented good fortune of securing three first places, one second and three thirds out of seven starts. There are now 32 boats sailing under the club flag, but this number, judging by the new craft on the stocks, will be considerably aug mented when the first winning numbers are hoisted in the present season. The members roll, totalling 370, will, no doubt, also show a considerable increase at the annual meet ing. A general meeting of the club members bers was held last Tuesday evening at the Commercial Hotel, Balmain, with the com modore, Mr. T. Donovan, presiding. General business was dealt with satisfac torily. Notices of motion to raise the mem bers' subscription to 2s. 6d. (from 1s.) per annum, and to prohibit skippers or boat- owners from having a seat on the committee were received and will be dealt with at the annual meeting, to be held August 18. Nominations were received for the various officers for the ensuing season. Elections will take place at the annual meeting. Mrs. E. Mundy has promised a prize to bo raced for during tho season. The meeting was adjourned till next Wednesday evening. The local builders, and there are none better south of the line, are already busy with new craft for the coming season. Joe Donnelly is building a 24-foot open for Footy Pearce, of Double Bay. Jim Hayes is building a 22ft. half-decker for hiring purposes. J. Hubbard, of the Glebe, is build ing a 24-ft. half-decker after the style of the Mantura for the late Atalanta crew. Jacky Robinson is understood to have been selected to wield the tiller. The Craigielee is for sale, her owner requiring £80 for her. The " old" Magic, tiio favorite of many fiercely-contested races in Sydney harbor and outside courses, has changed hands, Dr. Elliott, of Balmain, having purchased her from Mr. Fairfax, who appears to have re tired from the yachting racing arena Bince ho so worthily assisted to uphold tho honor of N.S.W. in tho Intercolonial race, when Sir W. J. Clarke's yacht Janet ap peared to bo well ablo to tako tho coveted honor back to tho Victorian Royal Yacht Club. Dr. Elliott does not intend to go in for racing, unless great "provocation" arises and tho historical craft is callod on ; but in tho meantime he is having her renovated from truck to keel, and like a sensible man lie lias decided to retain her preBent comfortable rig, and not stick a flagstaff with a decent- sized flag of canvas on her taffrail. It is understood that tho doctor proposes con siderable alterations in tho cabin accommo dation. The old rookeries aft are to bo con verted into olaborato litllo ladies' cabins, and hor main saloon will bo most luxuriously fitted, although it cannot bo much moro comfortable than it was in Mr. Fairfax's time. Tho Bteam yacht fleet of Port Jackson now includes such pretty little craft, so well known under tho blue ensign, as Mr, Dibbs' Enu, Mr. J. A. Brown's Edena, Hon. R. II, D. White's White Star, and ox- Judge Joscplison's Oimara. Tho fleet lias lately been augmcntedbyanattylittiosteaiii launch, built in Melbourne, and purchased by Mr. Edward Noyos, of Point Piper. Sho was placed in Mr. Walter Recks' (tho naval architect) hands, and under his direction the craft has been converted into one of tho prettiest steam yachts in tho harbor. Sho is about 5Uft. overall, measures about 7 tons, and is fitted witli tho latest torpedo engines, which give her a high rate of speed. When she makes hor first appearance under steam sho will bo transmogrified from a rather ordinary straight-stemmed launch to a pretty little clipper-bowed, schooner-rigged yacht, which will oxcite general admiration as sho flies along tho hiifbor and takes occasional cruises outsido in company with tho yachts of tho Royal Sqtia roil. Tho medicos believo in yachting. Several have had nice littlo craft built .for sailing and racing duringelast year. They, no doubt, required ozone, and tiiey evidently got it in Buffirient nnd satisfactory quanti ties, judging from the preparation that is being made for next season. Dr. Kkirving will shortly ho afloat with a hundy littlo 4-ton yawl, built by Cubit. She will have her headquarters in Neutral Bay. Dr. Nowmareh lias placed his littlo cruiser Myec, of tho length-class boats of the Neutral Bay Club, in competent hands to fit her with guifsail, topsail, &c.;, so that sho may be ablo to compete satisfactorily with the cracks of tho Neutral Bay Club. An item from tho old country by tho mail recalls to recollection a melancholy sceno which was enacted in Sydney and at the Clarence a littlo while ago, when tho bravo youth, who went forth to represent Aus tralia against the world, was brought back fot a grave in his native soil. Lieutenant Eveuden, jun., accompanied by Robert Ellis, the well-known English boatman (uncle of the lato Henry Ernest Senile, champion sculler of the world) have started on a most adventurous cruise round the British Isles in an open boat barely 10ft. in length. was accomplished in sufoty, and tho arrival of the Baby, as tho boat was named, was boing anxiously looked for at Bristol. Another item from tho same sonroo recounts the death of n Gordon amongst English yachtsmen. R, T. M 'Mullen made his first single-handed cruise on tho stormy English coast from London round the Noru as far back as 1850. In 1887 lie sailed tho 19-ton yaoht Orion single-handed over the Jubilee course, round the British Isles. On one occasion ills crew of the Orion mutinied, and lie put the discontented nVun ashore at Cherbourg, and sailed tho vessel single- handed from the French port to tho Isle of Wight. Last year he had a little vessel called tho Perseus specially built, and early in Juno he started on a single-handed cruise from Loudon to the Land's Eud and back. A week later his craft was picked up off the Trouville coast, and on the Frenchmen putting off it wus discovered that thero was only a dead man at the tiller. _ The New South Wales Rowing Associa tion wrote to the Mercantile B.C. during tho week, stating that two delegates (Messrs. Cordcaux and Rollin) had been appointed to wait on the Mcrcs. with a view to smoothing over disqualification and resig nation troubles. Tito meeting was agreod to for last night, when a full ctflniintLcc of tho Mercs, was present at their rooms in the Oxford ; but no associa tion dulugatcs put in an appcuraucc. Tiio association secretary, however, attended with the explanation that they could not come. The committee held a brici meeting, at which it wu3 decided to send a letter to the association regretting the breach of iuith of the association to the Mercantile Club. The Sydney B.C. Regatta iB to be held next Saturday on the Parramatta, In the open race tho crews are: — Sydnoy, M. Johnson and J. G. Kennedy; Mercantile, E. Grace and A. C. Hollingworth ; Globo, ,T, Maloney and L. O'Rourke; North Shore, C. Thomson and J. Thomson ; East Sydney, W. Goulding and J. A. Smith. Tho Glebes are the favorites. A great muster of rowing men of New South Wales is expected at tho meeting called by tho Sydneys to decide upon u memorial to perpetuate the memory of the late Mr. P. J. Clark. The meeting will be tieta at a p.m. on Monday, at tno ittxenango Hotel. A meeting of the Rowing Association has been called for 8 p.m. on Tuesday. Thero has been nothing done iu the matter of the Sallivati-Stanbury challenge. Sulli van is now in New Zealand gaining health and strength, and is wailing for a reply from the other sido. Stanbury was in town yes terday, and it is expected that a raco will shortly' be arranged for tho championship. .The Leichhardt Rowing Club havo fixed on October 3 for their unnual regatta and have issued the following progranimo :— Four oars in string test gigs ; single and double sculls in club sniffs; handicap out rigger raco for bona fide amateurs, open to all clubs. 