: a final MQEomNG i tale op bush lepe in austraIH. ' - , B G. Ju HENTY. ' ; CHAPTER jLviIL— Settling Accounts. ; iie&faenB;<Km<iee4 me speed of his horse. . . : . Anxious as he' was to arrive 'as soon as possible " l ie ihijghtjforVughthe.knewyyfet have occasion L to trytheanimai to the' utmost, and jhe ' there- fore .reduced the almost racing pace at whichhe had, started into an ordinary steady gallpp. , .The horses were fresh and in good condition,') and for several miles kept up the space -without Bagpng. Thenthey were allowed to ease down into a walk until they got their wind again, andthen started into the pace, half canter, half gallop; which ia the usual rate of progression of Pie colonial horses. They drew rein at last on a igllt Mlincnwi from which the DonaldB station, a mile or so distant, could be per- " Thank God," Eeuhen mattered to himself, "I am back here at last. There is no occasion. . for further hurry,' ' andthe horses were allowed .. togo atan easy wplk. "Man on horseback," Jim suddenly said, touching Reuben's arm. \- " W nere — where, Jim ?" Gone from de house, sah, trough dem trees. , Darohe go again, he gallop fast." ; Beuhenhad not caught sight of the figure, \ bat he pressed his -spurs against the homes . aides. "1 will see who it is, at any rate. Jim, do yon ride straight on to the hoose and Bay I . . -shall be there in a. few minutes." / As Reuben rodent a headlong gallop towards the point where -his course would probably intersect ' that of ..the horseman riding in the direfction Jim had pointed out, he turned over rapidly in his mind the thought whether fa'" anxiety for Sate Ellison was not making a fool of him; --Why should he turn from his course just at the end of a long journey to start at full speed on the track of this figure of - which Jim hadcaught only a glance ? It might be a stock- . man or someone who had ridden over from .one . of . the neighbouring stations to see how Donald .was getting on; bat even so, he- told himself, . np harm was done by his assuring -himself of ; that. It was not the way ' Mr.' Barker would , take to his station ; -had it been a neighbour who had coma over he , would not be likely to leave again so early; neither of the constables . would be riding away in defiance of. his orders on no account . to stir any distance from 'the house. Presently he caught a glimpse " of the horse- man. He was not more than half a mile away now, but .the -view he obtained was so initanta- neons that he could not distinguish fauy parti- . ' " ctdara. 4 -He, is riding fast, anyhow," he said — "faster than a man Would travel on ordinary >\ .business. ;He is cithern messenger ee&tvon; i Urgent business, or it isThorue.J' » : He slightly altered the direction of his course, fpr the speed at which the horseman was travel ling must take him ahead of him atthepoint where. Reaben had calculated upon cutting him off " In a short distance be Would get a- view of. him, for the trees ended here -and the plain was ri and unbroken save by low bush. ' When figure came clear 'of the trees he was but .a / quartered a mile away, and Heubengavea start, tor he recognised at once the uniform. of .his i own corps.. It could only beoneof the men . .left at Donald'e, and, with an exclamation of , anger, Reuben pressed his horsejtothe utmost in pursuit of the man, who was now. almost directly ahead, at the suae time uttering a loud , 5Hm man glanced- back, but to Reuben's surprise, instead of . Btopping, waved his hand ; above his head and pressed -forward. Two \- i miles were traversed before Reuben was beside -. - him. / . . " What do you mean ?" ,he thundered out. ' But the map pointed ahead.- "He has earned off Miss Ellison, sir, and has" shot Brown dead. I 'will tell; yon after- . wards. There, do yon see, bit, over that brow, thsxe. ; . 1 At the moment Reuben eawa figure on horse- back rise against the sky -line fully two miles in . . fropt. ; ! "Rideeteadily, Smithson," he said ; " keep main view, and J will keep him We most overtake . him 'in -time, for Ms-horse is .carrying dopble. I shall, push on, for I am better .mounted than yqu -are, and he may try to . double and throw ub off his tipces. If any thing happens to me donltstop for 'a moment, binhunt that fellow down to the end." _ Reubenhad been holding his horse somewhat in hand during the. last mile, for he thought ' there must be some reason for the constable's strange conduct, bnt he . now let him go, and urging him to his full speed, soon left thecon- ... stable behind. He knew that for some dia- tpncp ahead the country was flat and unbroken, a&pTfhat; the fugitive would have no chance of \- : /cohiiealiiient which ever way he turned. Upon "reqphtogthe spot where he had seen the bnsh- za&arjtass;'fhe wide plain opened before him, aim he gave ashbutof exultation as he saw thahe had ganed considerably. The fugitive, indeed, had evidently not been pressing his home. He thinks he has along journey before " , him," Reuben muttered! " I fancy he'smis- ' taken. _ He thiuks he's only- got a constable . after Mm, and that he can easuy nd bimaelf of Mm whenever he comes up to him, No doubt he: learned from some of the convicts that evriyone is away, and therefore thinka himself \- safe from all pursuit when once he has wiped- out Smithson. All the better. I shall over- " take Mm all the sooner." . Such indeed' was the view of Hie bushranger, . whg kept along at a steady canter, troubling hioiBelt very little about the solitary constable whom he believed to be in pursuit of him. When, indeed, on glancing round he saw that his pursued was within a quarter of a mile of him, he reined in his home, and turning, calmly awaited his coming. Reuben at once checked the speed of bis horse. He knew that the man was said to. be a dyadly shot with Ms pistol, bat he was con fident in his own skill, for, with constant aim assiduous practice, he had attained a marvellous proficiency with Ms weapon. Bat hsfiid not care to give his foe the advantage which a man sitting on a steady seat possesses ' . oyer one sitting in the saddle of a galloping hmae ; he therefore; advanced only at a walk. The bushranger put down the change in speed tot, fear caused by his resolute attitude, and shouted r ""Look here, constable ; you had best turn ; your horse's head and go home again. You know well enough that one constable is no match for me, so yon had best rein up before Iput a bullet in your head. . If you shoot you are just as likely to kill the young woman ' : hgre as you are me, and you know I don't make any mistake." Reuben was already conscious of his disad vantage in this respect, for- the bushranger heM the girl on the saddle in front of him, so that her .body completely covered his. She was enveloped in a shawl which covered- her headae well as her figure. Her captor held bdr tighEty pressed to him with his left arm, while his right was free' to use a pistol. - Reuben checked his horse at a distance of some fifty yards, while he thought over the best course to pursue. As he paused, Thorne, " for the first time, noticed that it was an officer with whom, he had to deal, and not with the constable who, as he believed, was the only one in the district. He uttered a savage ex clamation, for he felt that this materially altered the conditions of the affair. , " Oh, it's you, is it ?" he said ; " I thought it was only one of your men; but the advice I gave is as good for you as -for Mm. I advise you to turn back before all my mates are down on you." . " Your mates will never he down on anyone again, Tom Thorne," Reuben said sternly. " We have wiped out seven of them, and the other is a prisoner." . "It's a lie1!" the bush-ranger said furiously. " They are two hundred miles away in the hush." " With your Mend Bobitu, eh? Yes they were, but they are not now, Thorne. They are lying under the ashes of that hut of yours close to the tree where you buried your Ireasure; and it's I who am going to have help, not yru. My- men will be up in a few minutes," and he glanced round at the constable, whom the bush-ranger now perceived for the first time less than half a mile away. Reuben's words had the effect th?y were in tended to excite. They filled the aush ranger with fury and desire for vengeance, while the right of the approaching constable showed him that unless life took prompt measures he would have two adversaries to fight at once.' Without a moment's hesitation he set spurs to hishorseand dashedat Reuben; When within twenty yards he fired. Reuben felt a sharp, pain as if a hot iron had been passed acrosR his cheek. .Thorne uttered a shout of exultation as he saw him start, hat, as he kept his seat, again -raised his hand to fire. In an instant Reuben discharged his pistol, and the bush ranger's weapon dropped from jus hand, for Reuben's bullet passed through Ms wrist. Throwing the burden before him headlong to the ground Thorne drew a pistol with Ms left \- hand, and the two shots rung out again at al most the same instant. Renhen, however, was fhtly the quickest, and this saved his life.' bullet passed through the bush-ranger's y, while Thorne's pistol was diverted some- ; Wlist from Jts aim, and the ballet struck Reuben's left shoulder instead of his head. In gtt inshmt ha had drawn another pistol. iSi-lty.spManBXigeinent with thenuthor. \- -v-:- . »"V\\. - - " Surrender, or I fuse 1" and then seeing, by Hue change in the bushranger's face aiid by his collapsing figure, that he was badly hit, he waited, still keeping Thoiae covered with the muzzle, for -the' bushranger had a charge left in tbepistol wMch he still.' grasped in his left hand. ' . Twice Thorne tried to raue it, but in vain. -Then he reeled in the saddle, the pistol drdpped froig hifljhand, and he fell heavily over on the ground. Iteuireu at once leaped from his horse and ran jbo raise Hate Ellison, who 'lay motionless on , the ground as she had been thrown. Removing the shawl -wrapped round her head he found she wis insensible. Kueeling beside her, he raised her head to Ms shoulder, and a minute later the constable galloped up. "Badly hurt, captain?" be asked as he leaped off Ms horse, for the , blood was stream ing .down Reubens face, and his left arm hung TiBploaa, "Nothing to speak of, Smithson. See to Miss Ellison first. There is some water in my flask' in the bolster ; just bring it here and 'sprinkle her face. I hope riie is only stunned ; but that scoundrel threw her off with such force that she may well he badly hurt.' : " Is he done for, captain?" the man asked, glancing at the prostrate figure of the bush ranger as he proceeded to obey Reuben's in structions ; " because if yon ain't certain about, it, I had tetter put a bullet into him. These fellows are fond of playing 'possum and then turning the tables upon yon." "There is no fear of that, Smithson: he's hard hit. I hope he's not dead, for 1 would rather that he were tried for his crimes." \- . It was some rime before Hate Ellison opened her eyes. For a moment she looked vaguely round, then, as her eyes fell upon Reuben's face, she uttered a little cry and raised herself into a sitting position. : " What is it, Captain Whitney? Axe you , badly hurt?" "Thank God y&u; , have . recovered, Miss Ellison. You. began to frighten me horribly. I was afraid you were seriously injured. Do not look so alarmed. I can assure yon I am not much hurt ; only a flesh wound, l fancy, in the cheek, and a broken collar-bone." " And you have saved me again, Captain Whitney r" " " Yes, thank God, I have had that good for tune," Reuben ssid quietly, " and this time for gopd, fat Tom .Thorne will never molest you again." "But can't I do something? Your facets Heeding dreadfully. Please let me bind it up,", and tearog off the' bottom of her dxess, she proceeded to bandage Reuben's face. _ The constable took off the black silk hand kerchief which he wore round his neck. - " J think, miss, tins will make.a 'sling for his arm, aud when that is done the captain will be .pretty right. Do yon think you can ride hack, sir?' he asked when he had fastened the handkerchief, or will you wait till I ride back tothefaim ndfetcbheli? " I can ride wed enougo, iCenben said, trying to rise to his feet, but he found himself unable to do so. The ball after breaking his collar-bone had glanced downwards, and the wound was a more serious one than he had imagined. " No I don't think I can ride back, Smithson." "There is a lght cart at the farm," Hate EUiison said ; "please fetch that. . I will stop Juke with Captain Whitney till yon come back." VI think that will be the best way, miss," the constable agreed, and mounting he rode off at1 once. It was ah hour and a half beforehe returned, . bringing the cart ; but before he arrived Mr. and Mrs. Barker had ridden up on horseback, the formerihaving returned from his visit to the farm jnst as the constable rode in. While they had teen alone Reuben had heard from Kate what hadtaken place "I did as you tola me, Captain Whitney, and did not go outside the door. The con stables kept a very sharp look-out, and one of them was always on guard by the door, so there really did not' seem any possibility of danger. This morning as I was washing up the breakfast things with Mrs, Barker, a shot wassuddehly fired ontside the door, and before I had time to think what it meant that, man rushed in. He caught me by the wrist and said, 'Come along, it's no use screaming.' Mrs. Batjker caught up something and rushed at him, but he knocked her down, with the butt- end of his pistol. Then he caught up her, shawl, which was lying on the chair close by, and threw it over my head, andthen caught me up and carried me out. I tried to struggle, but he seemed to hold me as if I were in a vyce. I heard Alice scrham, , and 1 then I must have fainted, for the next thihg I knew was that I was being carried along dn horseback. I was so muffled hp, and he held me so tight, that I felt it was no use to.struggle, and i made up. my mind to lie quite still as if I was etui in sensible, till he put me down, and then—I think I intended to try and seize his pistol, or to get- hold of a knife if there was one, and if I could not Mil Mm to kill myself. There did not seeui the least hope of rescue. Mir. Barter was away and would not be back for hours. I eup- posed that the constables were shot, and all the men round were away with you; and from the ' distance you said you were going, I did not think yon eould be back for days. .Presently. I felt mm stop and torn his noise, unit then when he spoke I knew that he had not tilled both the constables, end that one of them had . followed him. When you answered I thought it- was your .voice, though it seemed impossible ; but I could not be sure; .because I could not hear' plainly, through the shawl. Then the pistols were fired, and I suddenly felt myself falling, and I did not know anything more till I saw you leaning over me. But where are all the others, and how is it you axe here alone? Of course you must have turned back before you got to where the bushrangers were." " No; I am glad to say we succeeded with that part of the work, Miss Ellison, and have wiped out the bushrangers altogether. We have got one of them a prisoner, but all the rest of the gang are killed. The distance is not quite so far as we thought it was. It was a thirty miles' march and two strifes. We attacked them at daybreak on the third day after leaving." "But it is only the fourth day to-day, Is 'it not ? . At least it-seems eo to me. " "It is the fourth day, Miss Ellison. When we found that the leader of the gang wa3 not with them, and I learned from the man we had taken prisoner that he had started to ride back here twenty -four hours before, I was naturally very anxious about you, knowing as I did what desperate actions the man was capable of. So we started at once, and, after a sharp fight with the blacks, got down in the evening to the waterhole sixty mQes on our way back, where we had camped the second night out. Of course the horse I had ridden could travel no further, but I pushed on with my black boy on two of the horses which we bad taken from the bushrangers, and' which had been led so far. We made another forty midnight, ans then halted till daybrea&tto;"igive the horsed rest, but they were so done ' up th s morning that we could not g6t them much beyond a foot pace. When we came to the first settlement we exchanged them for fresh ones and galloped on, and thank God we are just in time. " The tears were standing in the girl's eyes, as she laid her hand on his and said quietly: " Thank you. Then you have ridden a hun dred and fifty miles since yesterday morning, besides having two fights, and all because you were uneasy about me ?" " I had, as yousee. pood reason to be uneasy, Miss Ellison " At this moment a horse's Pools were heard approaching, and Jim galloped up. He had on arriving at the station been unable to obtain any Information as to what had taken pine A Mrs. Donald was in a dead faint. Mrs. Barker had just before he arrived ridden off to meet her husband; but the dead body of the con stable by the door and the disappearance of Hate showed Mm what had taken place, and he at once started after his master. His horse, however, was a very inferior one to that ridden by Reuben, and until he met the constable returning he. had been obliged to follow tiie track of the horses in front, so he did .not .arrive at the scene of the fray till half an hour after its conclusion. He uttered exclama tions of dismay at seeing his master's condition, for Reuben had been gradually growing faint, and could now scarcely support himRalf on his elbow. Jim, however, had taken the precaution to snatch a bottle of spirits from the shelf before he started, having an eye to his own comforts as well as to the possibility of its being required. He now knocked off the neck and poured some into the cup of Reuben's flask and put it to his lips. " Thank you, Jim ; that is just what I wanted." "Massa lie down quiet," Jim said, " no good situp and gathering a large bunch of grass he placed it under Reuben's head, and Reuben lay quiet in a half dreamy state until Mr. Mis. Barker rode up. Kate rose to her feet as they approached, bnt she was so stiff and bruised with her fall that she could scarcely move forward to meet Mrs. Barker, and burst into tears as her friend threw her arms round her. " That's right, my poor child," Mrs. Barter said; "a cry will do you good. Thank God, my dear Kate, for your rescue." " I do indeed, Mrs. Barter. It seems almost amiracle." . " Captain Whitney seems to spring out of the ground whenever he's wanted. He seems hurt badly.. The constable said > it was a .broken collar-bone, hut it mutt be something a goo i deal worse than that." "Oh. don't say so, Mrs. Barker, after What he's done for me. If he were to die !" " There, there, don't tremble so, child ; we must hope that it is not so bad as that ; bnt he would hardly be looking so bad as he does for only a broken collar-bone. . My husband broke his one day the horse ran away with Mm among some trees, and he was np and about agam in a day or two. "Ishe badly hurt, do yon think; John ?" she asked her husband who was kneeling besides Reuben. "lljope not," the settler said. "He ought not to be like this only from a wound in the collar bone but of fcouree it may baveglanced down and aone somb internal mischief. I am inclined to think that it is extreme exhaustion as much > as anything — the reaction after a tremendous nervous excitement." "He has ridden a hundred and fifty miles since yesterday morning," Hate said, " and has had two fightB besides this. Directly he knew that the leader of the bushre nuers had escaned he came on bv himself "jOh! they caught the bUBnrangers, aid they?" Mr. Barker said joyfully. " I was afraid by bis getting back here so soon that they must have - missed them somehow, and found they were on the wrong scent. And he has ridden all the way back,- has he ? A very zealous officer, Miss Ellison, a very zealous young officer indeed." But Hate was too anxious aud ehakenjto m k th significance of Mr. Barker's tone. ' Don't tease her," Mb wife said ow voice. ' ' She is terribly upset and shaken, ' and can hardly stand. Ah ! what is that?" The interruption was caused by a low groan from the fallen bushranger. "Shoot him dead, sah,' Jim, who was supporting his master's head,' exclaimed. " Don't let dnt fellow come 'live no longer.' "I can't- do that, Jim," Mr. Barker baid, . moving towards the fallen man. "The man. is a thorough scoundrel,' a murderer, and a robber.; but he is harmless now. One cannot wish- he should recover, even for his own sake, for there is enough against Mm to hang Mm ten times over. However, we mast do what we can for the poor wretch." , So saying he mixed some brandy with a little water in the cup, and pcured.it between the- bushranger's lips. "Is it mortal?" Mrs. Barter asked as be re joined her. "I think so," he said ; " I fancy he is shot through the lungs." " You most realty sit down, Miss Ellison ; you look as white as a ghost, and . we cannot have yon ononr hands jnst' now. We have got them pretty full as they are Ah! h it comes thecart." _ The coustaole Dart put a quantity cf straw in . the bottom of the light cart, and Barter and Jim raised Reuben and laid him in it. " We must take the other too," Mr. Barker told ; the man is alive, and we can t leave Mm here.", . "/Yes," Hate said ; "he must go too. He did Reuben a great wrong many years ago. I: hone he will confess it before he dies." Mr. Baxser glanced ac nis wire as Ante nsed the young officer's Christian name; but she was not thinking of Captain Whitney, but of the boy Reuben who bad been accused of -poisoning her father's dog, and of committing burglary from Ms house. "Yon had tetter gist up in front with the constable, MI&b; Ellison," the settler said when the two wounded men had been placed in the cart.; " you certainly are not fit to ride. Or, look here, the constable shall take my horse and I will drive, and then I can look after you, and yon can use the for a prop if you feel weak ; bat before we start 1 must insist on your taking a sip of brandy and water. It is no use your Baying no," he persisted as the girl shook her bead. " We shall hare yon fainting before you get borne if you dont." Hate .did as she was ordered. Mr. Barker then helped her up to her seat. As she got up her eyes fell upon Reuben's face. "Oh, .Mr. Barker!' she said, "he looks dead. You ore hot deceiving me, are yon ? " Bless me, no !" the settler said cheerfully. "My opinion is that he's dead asleep. The loss of blood, the sadden re-action after the long excitement, and the exhaustion of Ms ride have completely overcome him; and «ny opinion is that he is sound asleep." " Jim, do yon lead your master's horse, while : the constable takes the other, and then you. two had tetter ride on and help Mrs. Donald to get things ready. Get a ted" op at once for Caption Whitney, and get some dlean straw in the outhouse with one of the rugs over it for the rrfher:" \So saying he touched thehorse with the wMp, and the cart moved Blowly on with Wfa. Barker \- riding tesMeitr Sho would have, gone on ahead - to have assisted in the preparatiohs, but ahe expected'momentarily to see Hate zaint, and thought it better to re main- with her in case her assistance should be required. The journey oc cupied some time, for Mr. Barker picked the Way carefully .so as not to jolt the cart. Mrs. Barter endeavoured to keep Hate's attention fixed by asking her questions as to what she had heard about the expedition, wondering when it would return, and whether any of the settlers were hurt. When they got within half a mile of borne die said "I think, deiar, you are looking a little better now. I will ride on. Fortunately there is the beef-tea we made last night for Mr. Donald. I will get it made hot, and I will get a cap of ' strong tea ready for ou That will do wonders " ' Wheri the cart arrived Mrs. Donald ran out, and as Hate descended clasped her in a long embrace. "Come straight in here, my dear," Mrs. Barter said. " I have got a basin of cold water and a cap of Btrong tea, and the two together will do marvels. We will attend to your wounded hero." Reuben remained perfectty quiet and inert as he was lifted oat and earned into the house, where a bed had been made up for bim in . a room on the ground floor. "Just lay m down. Throw a blanket over Mm, and let nim lie perfectly quiet." "Doyou think he is really asleep?" Mrs. Barker asked as she looked at the quiet face. " I do, really, " net Husband replied, mit your ear. close to his mouth. He is breathing as quietly as a child, and," he added, placing. his fingers oh Reuben's wrist, "Ms poise is a little fast, bnt regular and quiet ; twenty-four hours of sleep Will set Mm np again, unless I am greatly mistaken. I don't expect that this wound will tore out anything very serious. Let me think. Was it not this afternoon that Ruskin said he would be back again ?" . " Yes, either yesterday or to-aay." " That is lucky. He will be surprised at find ing two new patients on Ms hands now. - I will go and 'have a look at that poo# wretch in the shed. Give me a cupful of beef-tea ; I will pour a spoonful or two between Ms lips. You had better go and look after Hate. You will not .be needed here at present. If your master wakes, Jim, let as know directly," he said to the black, who had seated himself on the ground by the side of Reuben's bed. I. can't call the poor fellow 'away from Ms ; master," be added to his wife as he closed the door behind them ; " but I am really anxious to know what has taken place out in the bush, and whether many of our fellows have been lolled. If, as Hate said, she heard the captain tell the bush-ranger that all his band h&d; teen killed, except one who is a prisoner, it has in deed been a most successful expedition, and wo colonists can hardly be sufficiently grateful to Whitney for having rid us of these pests. What with that, and the thrashing the blacks have had, we shall be able to sleep quietly for months, which is more than we have done for a long time." Kate came out of the room with Mrs. Donald a minute later. The basin of cold water; a d the tea had the effect Mrs. Barter pre dieted. A little colour had returned into her cheeks, aud she looked altogether more like herself. >' " How is he?" Mrs. Donald asked. "In my opinion he's doing capitally, Mrs. Donald ; his pulse is quiet and even, and he's breatMug as quietly as a child, and I believe he is simply in a state of exhaustion, from which he is not likely to wake till to-morrow morning, and I predict that in a few days he will be up and about. Indeed j if that bullet hasn't misbe haved itself, I see no reason why he shouldn't be up to-morrow." " That is indeed a relief to us both," Mrs. Donald said, while -Hate could only clasp her bands in silent thankfulness. " And now. how is yoor husband P I hope he is none the worse for all this exertion." "He was terribly agitated ai first," Mrs. Donald' said.- "I fainted, yon know, and be got oat of ted to help me up, and it was as much as I could do when I recovered to get bim to lie down, for he wanted to mount and ride after Hate, although, of course, he is as weak ob a child, and even with my help.he could scarcely get into bed again. Fortunately Mrs. Barter ran in, before she started on horseback to fetch yon, to say that the constable was ofian pursuit, and that quieted him. Then I tMnkjhe was occupied in trying to cheer me, for as soqn as he was in bed I broke down and cried till the constable came back to say that Captain' Whitney had overtaken and shot the bushranger." Three hours later, to the great relief of all, the surgeon arrived. He 'was first tateainto look at Rentes, having . been told all . tire circum stances ' of- the case, and he confirmed Mr. Barker's opinion sleep. "I woiild not Wa£e jjjm 011 any acconpt," die sajd; "it is a great effort of nature, and he will, I hope, awake quite himself. Of course I' can't say auy thing about the wound till he1 does. Now for Ms antagonist." ,The bushranger was still unconscious, though occasionally broken words c&me; from his lips. The surgeon examined his wound. " He is shot through the lungs," he said, "and is bleeding internally. I do not think there is the' shadow of a chance for him, and no one can wish it otherwise. It will only save the colony the expense of Ms trial. ' And now for my original patient." . hi was some time in Mr. Donald's room, and when he came out proceeded at once to mti him a toothing draught froiq the case of medicines hie carried behind the saddle. We must get him off to sleep if we can," he said, " or we isball have him in a high state of fever before morning. A man in his state can't go through such excitement as he has done without paying the penalty. And now, I suppose, 1 have done," he said with a smile as Mrs. Donald left the room with the medicine. " Yes, I think so," lira. Baxter said ; " if yon had come an hour earlier I should have put this yonng lady under your charge, but I think that the assurance of my husband that Captain Whitney was doing well has been a better medicine than you could give her." "No wonder she is shaken," Ma Ruskin re marked: "Mrs, Barter tells me you hod a heavy fall, too, MIsb Ellison." " Yes," she replied. "I was stunned for a time, but beyond being stiff and braised I am none the worse for it." " Look tere, Miss Ellison," the doctor said, after putting _ Ms fingers on her wrist, " I suppose yoii will want to be about to-morrow when our brave army returns. Now there is nothing you can do here. Mrs: Donald can nurse her husband, the other two require no nursing. Mrs. Barter, I am sure, will take charge of the house. "and therefore, seriously, I would ask you to take this draught I am about to mix for ybu, and to go upBtiurs and goto ted and 'sleep till morning." " I could not-sleep," Hate protested. "Very well, then, lie quiet without sleeping, and if in the evening you find -you are restless you can come down for an hour or two ; hat I really must insist on your lying down for a bit. Now, Mrs. Barker, will you take this medicine up and put this young lady to bed." "I hope she will get off to sleep," Mrs, Barter taid when she came down- stairs again. "I have no doubt whatever about it," Mr. RosMn replied. "I hare given her a very strong sleeping-draught, far Btronger than I should think of giving at any other time; but after the tension that the poor girl must have' gone through, it would need a strong dose to take effect. I think you willhear nothing more of her till the morning. ' Indeed it was not until the sn was wen hp the next morning that Hate .Ellison woke. She could hardly -believe that she had slept all night,, but .'the .eastern sun coming in threogn her windbw showed her that she had done so. She still felt bruised and shaken all over; but was otherwise herself again. She dressed hastily and went downstairs. "That's right, my dear," Mrs, Barker, who was already busy in the kitchen, said. " Yon look bonny and like yourself." ".How are my brother and Captain Whit ney?" Hate asked. - . ."I don't think Mr. Donald is. awake yet," Mrs. Baxter replied; "bat Captain Whitney has jnst gone out to the shed with myhnshahd and the surgeon." . " Gone out to the shed !" Kate repeated in astonishment. : - f Yes, my dear. That poor wretch out there is going fast.. He reoovered consciousness about two hours - ago. The constable was sitting np with him. He asked for water, and than lay for some time quite quiet. - Then he said, 'Am I dreaming, or was it Reuben Whitney I fought wiih>?' ' Yes, it was Cap tain Reuben Whitney, our inspector,' the constable replied. /' For a time he lay quiet again, and then said : I want to see Mm! The constable told Mm he was asleep and couldn't be woke. , - " ' Is he badly wounded?' tire, mnw asked. 'I know I. Mt him' 'Not very badly, I hope,' the . constable' answered.' 'When he wakes ask Mm to come to me,' the man said. ' I know I am dying, bnt I want to see Mm first. If he can't come let somebody else 'come.' Tire constable came in and roused the doctor, who went out and saw Mm, and said he might live three or four hours y et. Soon after wards, jnst as the sun .rose, Jim came oat to say that his master was awake. Mr:. Ruskin went- into him find examined his wound and probed the course of the bnllet. It hadTodged do wb j ust.at the hptiops-ofjte-ahbnlder-bone. T-anx-glad to say .he was able to get itont. When be had done he told Ms patient what the bushranger had- said, and- Captain Whitney in sisted upon going out to him. " It won't do him any harm, will it ?" Hate asked anxiously. " No, ray dear, or Mr. Ruskin would not have let him go. I- saw him as he went out, and shook . hands with him, and, except that nasty bandage over his face, he looked quite himself again. As I tod you, a broken collar bone is a mtoe nothing, and now we know where the buliet went and have got itout, there is no occasion for the ' slightest anxiety. Here a- come again, to you can judge tor your- A very few words passed between Reuben and Kate, for; Mrs. Baiter, who saw how nervous tne girl was, at once began to ask bim questions about what the bushranger had said "He has made a confession, Mrs. Barker, which your husband has written down, and Mr. Ruskin and Smithson have signed. It is about a very old story in wMch I was concerned when a boy, but it is a great gratification forme to have it cleared up at last. - 1 was accused of poisoning a dog belonging to Miss Ellison's father, and was tried for a burglary committed on the premises, and was acquitted, thanks only to Miss Ellison's influence exerted on my be half, I fear," he said with a slight smile, " somewhat illegally. However, the imputation . would have rested on me all my life if it had not been for Thome's confession. I thought that he did the first affair. I knew that he was con cerned in the second, although I could not prove it ; but he has now made a full confession, say ing that he himself poisoned the dog, and con firming the storv I told at the tria " "Oh, I am glad!" Hate ext aimed. "You know, Captain WMtney, that I was sure of your innocence, but I know how yon must have longed for it to be proved to the world. What will you do, Mr. Barker, to make it public ?" "I shall send a copy of the confession, pro perty attested, to the magistrates of Lewes, and another copy to the paper which, Captain -WMtney tells me, is published there weekly." " I suppose there is no hope.for him ?" Hate asked in a low voice. " He is dying now,' Barter said. "Ruskin is with- -him. He was fast becoming uncon ' Ecious when we left him, and ;Ruskineaid tha theend wasat haiit.. . A quarter of an hour later the surgeon came in with the news that all was over. " Now, Captain Whitney, you must come into vour room and let me bandage up your shoulder property. I hadn't half time to do it before." "Butyouwoa't want me to li in ted or any nonsense of that sort ?" Reuben asked. " I would if I thought you would obey my orders; but as I see no chance of .that, I shall, not trouble to give them. Seriously, I do not ' think there is any necessity for it, providing always that you will keep yourself very quiet. I shall bandage your arm across your chest, so there can be no movement of the shoulder, aud when that is done 1 think you will be all right." There was -only one more question wMch Reuben had to ask with regard to the event of the preceding day— why it was that Smithson did not go to his comrade's assistance. He then learned that Thorne rode quietly up to the back of the house.and dismounted, then went to the Btable, where Smithson was asleep, having been on guard during the night, and pushed a piece of wood under the latch of the door, so that it could not be raised. Having thus securely fastened Smithson in, he had gone to the front of the house, and had apparently shot down the constable there before the latter was aware of his presence. Smithson, awakened by the shot, tried in vain to get out, and was only released by Mrs. Baxter when she recovered from the stunning blow which the bushranger had struck her. He had then mounted at once and followedin pursuit. In the afternoon the party returned from the hush, having experienced no further molesta tion from the natives. Nothing occurred to interfere with the progress of Reuben's wound, And in the course of a fortnight he was again able to resume Ms duties. The complete des truction of the gang of bushrangers, and the tenergy with which they had been pursued into the very heart of the bush country, made a vast sensation in the _ colony, and Reuben gained great credit and instant promotion for his conduct. A month after the return of the party from the bash Mr. Donald was about again, and, as the danger was now past, he abandoned his idea of selling Ms property. The course which events took can be judged by the following . long conversation between Mrs. Donald and her. sister three months later. . " Well, Hate; stop. all he has done for its, of i '!— — Baa—— mammm course I have nothing to Bay against it, and I don't suppose yon. would mind if 1 had; still, I do think von might have done better." . " I could not have .done better," Hate said hotly, " not if I had had the pick of the whole colony," "Well, not in one way, -my dear, for you know that personalty I like him almost as well as you do. Still, I do think if is a little unfortunate that— we ever knew Mm before:." "And I think it's extremely fortunate," Kate e&id; stoutly. . " If it hadn't been that he had known us before and cared for me — he says worshipped, but that's nonsense — ever since I was a child, he would uever have made thai terrible ride, and I—" "Oh, doh't talk about it, Kate; it's too dreadful even to think of now. W til, .my dear, no doubt it's all for the best," Alice said, philosopMcally. " At aujrate, you are quite happy, and he is a noble fellow. But I hope for your sake that he won't stay in the police. It .would be dreadful for you when he was riding about hunting after bushrangers and blacks, for you know, my dear, there are plenty of others lett in the colonv." ' told him so yesterday," Kate said, shyly. . I said, of course, .that I didn't want to influence him." Alice broke into a laugh. " You little gooso, as if what you say doesn't influence Mm." Three weeks later Reuben received a letter from Mr. Hudson. " My dear WMtney, I am glad to hear from reu that you are engaged to be married, and the circUtTStances which you tell me of make it a most interesting affair. If I were yon I should cut the constabulary. J inclose a paper from Wilson giving you three weeks' leave. Come down to Sydney at once and talk it over with me. You know I regard yon as my son, and I am going to have a voice in the matter!" ; . Reuben went down to Sydney, and after ascertaining his views, Mr. .Hudson went into town and forthwith arranged for the purchase - ror him of a partnership in the chief engineering fitm in -the town. When he told Captain" Wilson what he had done the. latter -declared that he had robbed the colony of its test police officer. Reuben protested against the generosity of the old settler, but the latter declared he would hare no nonsense on the snbieet. A am one or tii8 ncnest men m tne colony, he said, '"and it's hard if I can't Bpend my money as I choose." There is little' more to tell. Renhen became one of the leading citizens of Sydney, and twenty years afterwards Bold his business and , returned to England- and bought an estate not far from Lewes, where he is still living with his wife and family. He was accompanied tyom Australia by his mother, who, in spite of her strong objections to the sea, went out to live with him two years after his marriage. The only point upon wMch Reuben Whitney and his wife have never been able to come to on absolute agreement is as to wMch owes most to the other. the end. 