A LIFE AT STAKE. By IlMRS. IIARIUET LEWIS, dur hor of " The hIouse of Seczts," " Vivian Tsorne,." ' The I/tirnss of Egremont," " The False HI'ir," &'c., &C.; \------..?-a ? CHAPTER XLV.--(COoaTUnNr .) " Well, well," rejoined Therweil, with a slightiompatience in his tone; " I'll write out the agreement for you. You can send your boy for it some evening, for it won't do for me to be seen too much at the Daro Arms, or for you to be seen here until after the wediiog. If there should be any mishap, yor enow, it would be no well to prove that we have seen nothing of each other, nod con sequently cannot have been engaged in a conspiracy." " Then we'll make out the agreement to night. I've got a dark lantern here under my coat, and paper, pen, and ink in my pocket." With increasing impatience Therwell ob jected to this proposition, declaring that the light might be seen from the mansion. "Then we'll go to the bottom of the garden," said the innkeeper, doggedly "There's a summerhouse there as tight as a drum, with curtains to the windows end a lock to the doer. I've been there often, in the days when I wans valet to Sir Allyn'e father." Afler a minute's delay Therwell acceded to the request; the two men quitted the bower, and set out for the summer.house. Irse. Amry muttered when the sound of their footstepa had died away: "They'll get what they deserve some day, I don't doubt." fHlow came you here?" whispered llde, changing her position, which had become tiresome. I was looking from my window and saw Therwell on the lawn in front, acting as if he were waiting for someone, misc, and, thinking he might not mean any good, I olipped downstairs and followed him into the garden. Toey had been talking half an hour when you came. Did you see them too, miss ?" " No, and but for your warning I should have walked directly into their presenee," said Ilde. "It was a strange providence that you should have saved me from souch disaster." "I may yet save you from a greater grief than that, Miss Dare," responded the woman, significantly. "Your kindnees to me, a poor wayfarer, will yet return in blessings upon your own head. I cannot tell you more now -I have not time; but I prophesy that you will never marry Therwell." "I never will ifI an help it." "But I can and will prevent it, Miess Dare," declared MIrs. Amry, energetically. ' With one wave of my hand I could dispel the clouds that now envelope your pathway, but I am not sure that I could restore your father's peace of mind." "I could not be happy if papa were miser able, said Ilde, plaintively. " I should have said that with one wave of my hand I could prevent this marriage," samended the woman. "I think I could rakte Therwell release your father, too; but if ha has proofs of aught against him I must wain end see. One week more--wait with hope and patience for a single week, Miss Dare." "You have then seen Therwell before, Mr. Amry ?" questioned the baronet's dae cheer. SSena him I" cried the woman, in a voice of passionate energy, through which ran a waling undertone. "hut for him, Miss D t.e, leshould have been the proudest and sappiest woman in the world to.night. He wa, a deadly serpent who crossed my path. way, only to blast and destroy my peace of midod. I vowed that I would have revenge. Fur years I have sought him, and sought in vain. I came here discouraged, worn-out, despairing. You gave me food and shelter, and here I stumbled upon him by accident. If you had sent me away," and her voice was fall of impressiveness, " I should not have found him, and you would have been doomed to a bitter, bitter, bitter life with him I" lids drew nearer to the woman, looking at her with a face full of passionate eagerness, as might be seen in the eubdued starlight. Ig eemwed to the girl as if her prayers had been answered. She had desired to meet with Someone to whom the past life of Therwell eas fully known, and a cry of joy arose to her lips as she felt that she had found that o,e in the woman she had fed and sheltered, "Youa hno Therwell, then?" she said. "Do you know of anything in his life whieb ihe would shrink from exposing Has he ever broken any of the laws of the country? T.ll me, dear Mrs. Amry, that I may have some weapon with which to defend myself agalint him." "L?eae all to me, Miss Dare," said the woman, arising, and standing erect. "I cannot tell you now what you ask, but rest assured that you shall never be his wife. I will defend you." Ohe epoke with such force of manner that Ilde felt compelled to have faith in her. The woman looked at her thoughtfully, regarding her attire, and the rippling waves of hair that surrounded her throat, looking now like a light and dusky mass, and eaid: "I beg your pardon, Mics Dare, but the hour is very late. You are dressed for riding. Barely you are not so wild as to think of abandoning your home 1" "Oh, no, indeed "' responded Ilde. Then, with an irresistible impehle to confide in thie singular womon, who had proenteed to rescue her from the impendiong marriage, she adde in awhisper, "I am going, with nmy aisher'. egnnent, and well attended, to sekeb for the written compact of which Therwell spoke I" "You are going to his place called Oak shaw i" Ilde assented. The woman reflected a moment, and then said; "You ore right, Mies Dare. The paper must be found and destroyed. With that out of the way, your father may beo saved IfI know what was in that paper, I might be eb'le-- Still, if the document be what I suEpect, it ought not to be in eziotence. Go, Miss Dare, and may Peaven prosper you errand. Go, before those men return this way." There were many questions which Ilde longed to ask, but Mrs. Amry'u last words deeidcd her to depart upon her errand at once. Recolving to gain the confidenceo of this woman- on her return, she pressed her hand, said a few words of thanks, and turned to go. " Stop I" said lfrs. Amry, as the girls stood in the arched opening of the dell. '"Mise Dare, Therwell once peseeesed a small equare mahogany box in which he kept his private papers. It was a valuable one, inlaid with a gold wreath on the top, and he prized it very highly. It had a false bottom, which opened by pressing one of the gold leaves in the front. If that box be at Oakeshaw, it has this paper concealed in it. I have heard him say that it was the moseet secure place that could be devised for the concealment of anything of value. Look for it." With this parting injunotion she again begged the maidens to hasten their departure before the return ýf Therwell. They obeyed I lher, hurrying away under the shadow of the shrubs and bushes to the appointed rendezvous. It wee a brief walk, made eventful by I several alarms, Miss Arsdalo fancying that I Therwell n as following them, or that she heard the two men's footsteps; but lids en couraged and reassured her, and they at length reached their destination in safety. At the door of the stable-yard, a neatly paved court, they found Jarmin, the groom in whom Ilde had confided, and who was to accompany them. He was an honest-faced, grey.haired man whose duty it had always been, since her earliest childhoad, to attend upon his young mistress in her riding excursions. Ae Ilde had said, he was devoted ot her; but even Ilde did not know with what slave-like fidelity the old groom clung to the house and name of Dare, or with what worshipping reverence he retardc4 the lovely young t hoireao of its fame and fortunes. He came forward, bowing, with one hand uplifted, and said : "If you please, Miss lide, I thought I saw I a onuple of men-- ervanto most like- prowlng around in the gardens a little while I ego, and, as the journey was to be secret, I made bold to take the horses round to the i park, knowing that you always have the keys i to the park gates." " You have done well, Jarmin," said his young mistrere. ",We have been delayed a little, but quick riding will make op for lost time. We will start at once." The groom obeyed, and set out with rapid step toward the spot where the horses were in waiting, the two young ladies, hand in hand, following him. It was but a few steps to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a few minutes brought them to the waiting steeds. The horses were completely cepari soned for the journey, and Ilde mounted her favorite, a fleet, graceful Arabian. Miss Aredale was assisted upon the back of a thoroughbred animal which she always rode, and the groom vaulted upon the back of a swift-footed horse, which was the special favorite of Sir Allyn. " We will ride through the park, pass the the lake, and go out by the hwer park gate," said Ilde, in a low tone, "Ride quietly until we reach the road, else we may be heard I" The groom fell back behind ihe two young ladies, and the horses proceeded at a quiet pace upoli the route designated. Meanwhile, the woman whose assurance had done so much to lighten the heart of Ilde stood for a few moments in the little flower. decked nook, gazing in the direction the young ladies had taken. "Idoli't know but I did wrong to advise her to go," she mused. "Perhaps, after all, this journey is unnecessary. Therwell will give up the paper if I were to demand it as the price of foregoing my revenge. Still, to make all sure, she had better get it. She said shee would be well attended. Doubtless, she takes half a dozen servants with her. Sht is safe enough, whoever may be in the house," Despite this eelf-assurannce, the woman's manner was uneasy. She half starsed in pursuit of Miss Dare, and then, chiding her self for her folly, shrank back again into the shade of the little nook. She was standing there, thoughtful and abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim face, her fingers working nervously together, when footsteps were heard upon the gravelled walk, low and cautionus tones were distinguishable, and she was made aware of the return cf the con. federates. Therwell'e voice sounded as bland and smooth as ever; Hoadley's was full of sup. pressed exltation. As the voice of the former penetrated her hearing, she became at once alert and vigi. lant. The abstracted look gave place.to an eager expression, and she leaned forward listening intently. But she could gather nothing from their words, except that Therwell had written and signed the document demanded by the inn keeper. Their business was evidently con cluded, and there were no allusions made to the baronet's daughter or to the approaching marriage. They passed the laburnum bower, walking slowly and almost silently; she stole out from her concealment and crept after them, taking care that her footsteps should not be heard, and that her movements should be screened by the busces. In this way they passed around the mansion, and entered into the deeper shade of the lawn. More fearless now, Mrs. Amry crept nearer. The confederates, to her great disappoint ment, merely reiterated their mutual promises, and then separated, the satisfied innkeeper departing for Edenville, and TbErwell lighting a cigar, and walking sloely up and down the wide avenue. Mrs. Amry looked at him from behind a clomp of shrubbery, with gleaming eyes and a face foiullot paseionate hatred. A life.-time of bitterness and anguish compressed itself into a singlcburning look that might have scorched even his guilty soul, and she lifted her arm as if invoking vengeance upon him. Perhaps some mysterious instinct warned him of the presence of an enemy; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul; or perhape some sobtle chord that had once bound him to that woman in some way, but which had been broken, began to re.assert its influence, so that he felt that she was near. Whatever the cause, it was car. rtlain that he stopped abruptly, looked around him unecsily, and then his gaze settled upon the woman, who a?.. plainly visible to him. SShe presented a strange, weird picture as I she stood there, the lower half of her person in the shade of the bushes, her face leaning t out toward him, with the starlight resting full upon it, exaggerating its wild, passionate expreseion, its pallid whiteness, its menacing Slook, and giving even a spectral appearance g to her uplifted arm. SHe staggered back appalled, the cigar drop ping from his lips, and his limbs trembling beneath his weight, As eho marked the effect ol her apparanee Supon him; a mocking smile flitted over the woman's stern lips. SI--I thoght she was dead I" muttered a Therwell, unconsciously, his smoothness and Sblandness of manner gone, and a cold peie. epiration breaking out unpon his large, round p face. "Alice I alive I and here to rcin me bAlive, and eager for revenge I" He groaned involuntarily, but soutsined himself by leaning against a tree. The shock of seeing her had been se sudden and on prepared for, that he felt his presence of mind desrt him, his courage fade away, and for a moment he was almost para. ly sod. iBt only for a moment. The woman gave aiteranco to a mocking. kind of lhuth, that sent the blood tingling throogh his veins, and which seemed to set his heart and brain on fire, and nerved him to cation. With a quick and sudden bound, like that of a beast of prey, he sprang toward her. gained hlEr covert, and found that she was gone. She had vanished as utterly and oom" pletely as if she had become invisible. Wondering, and alarmed, hehurriedin and out of the trees, and traversed the lawn, searching everywhere, but in vain, for this mysterious appearance. nhere was a vein of superstition in his nature that made itself perceptible at that moment; with lismbs tre:nbliog, heart beat ing fnriously, he hurried ten ard themanaion, wiping the clammy dew from his face as he muttered: ' The old superatitions are not at fault. Why doss she appear to mo ? Let her come as often as she likes,' he added, recklessly, "so long as she does not coma in the flesh. I am less afraid of her ghost than of herliving body." Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on the night air. With a stifled shriek ,Therwell rushed into the house, bolted the door, and crept up to his room in silence and in terror. And then the strange woman arose from the midst of the clump of bushes, where she had fallen prostrate and remsained inseen; she then returned to the house, and her own room. murmuring: "He has hod a foretaste of misery to.night. There yet remains a brimming tup which he must drain 'drop by drop. Yes, Ilde Dare, you shall be freed, and I shall be avenged I" CHIIAPTEt XXV. A STAOTLED FACE tN TsHE DOeWAT. " Thinlet thou there dwells no courage but in breasts That set their mail against the ringing spears, When helmets arte tuct down? Thou little knowest Of nature's marvels."--Mre. Hemans. As the little party of adventurers rods quietly onward through the hush and silence of the night, with the breezes whispering solemnly from the bending tree, of the forest-likeo parr, the stars shiningo tranquilly down throogh the overarching is:liege, Ilde felt nassured that the right would yet triumph over the wrong, nnd that her exertions on her father's behalf would hbe blesed by Him who notes even the fainte:,t ernotions of the human heart. With her courage quickening into new life, the blood coouring more evenly in her veins, a strange tranquility creeping over her mind, she rode on, her bright eyes up lifted, as if drinking in strength from the loveliness of the night, and her soul absorbed in self.-communion; Her friend, Kate Arsdalo, made no at tempt to intrude upon Ilde's silence. With her hand upon the rein, and her eyes fixed steadily upon the path they were pursuing, she relinquished all care and thought to Ilde, content to follow her guidance. In this manner they neared Eden Lake, where Sir Allyn's daughter had twice enoountered Lord Treasillian, and where she had learned from him the sweet old story of love. The tender influences lingering about the spot made themselves feltrby lide even now, and she drooped her gaze and looked lovingly upon the scene, while her eheeks burned hotly, and she turned her head away slightly, as it fearing that her friend might read her face by the stariight. Eden Lake had never looked lovelier inkhe full glow of sunshine than it did now when bathed in the liquid silvery glow of the faint night-light, its bosom reflecting the fringing trees and the myriad stars, and its gay little boat house. Kate Aredale surveyed it with renewed appreciation, then uttered a frightened exclamation. "IWhat is it, dear?" questioned Ilde, aroused from her pleasannt trance. " I am sore I see a man yonder lying on the bank," was the agitated response. "Look, Ilde; he raises his head and looks atus. Whdcan he be? Whtiteoan he be doing in Eden Park at this hour 1" Ilde glanced in the direction indicated, and beheld the figure of a man stretched in a careless attitude upon the ground on the spot where she had first seen Lord Tressiilian. He had raised his head, and was supporting it upon his hand, while he quietly surveyed the little party of night riders. Miss Dare, in a flutter of anxiety, checked her horse at once. Her friend did the same, and they waited until the old groom, who was but a few paces behind, came up, and then they engaged in a brief consulta tion. "It is important that this adventure should remain unknown," declared Ilde, uneasily, "But at the very otiset we are threatened with discovery. He may have already recognised us. What can we do, Jarmin 1" "Let me go on ahead, Miss Dare," replied the groom, sturdily. " In my opinion the man's a poacher, and he won't mention this meeting for his own sake. If he ain't a poacher, I'll give him a blow and stun him like, and I wouldn't give a farthing for his memory after that." lie eseayed to passhis young mistress, but sho detained him. She had been watebing the Indolent intruder, who, at the very me ment of Jarmin's threatening, appeared to start violently, and who had now sprung up lightly, and was advancing towards the little party at a swift end easy gait. Kate Aredale uttered a faint scream. But 11de, with blushes scarcely to be seen in the starlight, recognised the osject of her recent terror at once as the Viscount Tres sillian. Her instinct, even more than hereyesight, assured her of his identity, and a delicious sense of embarrassment crept over her, and she pulled at her reins, unsertain whether to beat a hasty retreat or to meet him. A conviction, however, that he had already recognised her, decided her to pursue the latter course. A word to Jarmin caused him to fall back, but he stationed himself slose behind her, in a threatening attitude, ready to leap from his horse at the slightest indication that a defender was needed. Lord Tressillian came up, advanced to Ilde's side,and, with an expression of as. tonishment, extlaimed: "Is it you, then, Miss Dare? I thought at first that I must be experiencing an optical illusion. I wab not certain but that my imagination had conjured up the welcome apparition but the sight of Miss Aredale and your attendant convinced meto the contrary. This is a strange hour for a ride." " It is, indeed," returned Ilde, endeavoring to avoid the keen, clear glance of her lover. "It is a strange hour, also, for a stroll in a neighbor's park, is it not ?"' " You can imagine why I am here, Ilde," whispered the young viscount, leaning his hand upon her.horse's neck and drawing nearer to her. "The esoene hallowed by our first meeting is the dearest spot in the world to me. This is not the first time I have haunted this place, living over again our meetings, and endeavoring to derive hope and comfort for the future from your re. membeestd words. My heart was heavy to night, and I fancied I might lighten it of its burden here, and plan'out a futurein which I should be more than a match for Therwsll. But you, lids," and his voice trembled with hopefulnese, "did you ecome here to drea'n o me? Of course not," he addel, his toes inkiigs to one oi dieeppointment, "or ?eo , - would not some attendedi Tell me where I you ae going I" Ilde hesitated, and then said, confusedly: "I oannot tell you, Gay." "Not tell me t" he repeated, in surprise. i Then, with a look of gentle authority that well became his dark, bright face, and with a I tender persuasiveness of manner, he added:1 "But you must tell me, my darlingl Do you think I can let you wander about I at midnight, with no protector but your groom?". "You must trust my judgment and sense, Gay," returned the maiden, meeting his gaze - frankly. "I am going, with my father's I approval, to eearch for something, the pos. I session of which is necessary to his happi. ness and his life. I cannot now tell you I more, But do not detain ns longer. Every moment spent here is a loat opportunity. Some day you shall know all." I "In your own good time, dear Ilde," responded her lover, with a look of love and I faith. "I shall not seek to intrudo into your confidence; nor will 1 delay you any longer. I will walk beside you to the lower gate, outside which I left my horse tied to t the fence." He relinquished his hold upon Ilde's a horse, exchanged greetings with Miss Aredale, appologieing for his previous inattention to her, spoke kindly to the old groom, who had recognised him with a look of delight, and I who now retreated, musing upon the hopes i he had once, with all the Dare retainers, I entertained, that the families of the Dares I and Treseilliane might be united through the youngest scions of the respective I houses. The young girle and the viscount kept p u a desultory conversation as they proceeded through the park, discussing the loveliness of the night, and various other subjecte far removed from the thoughts agitating each I breast. On reaching the gate, lde gave the I key to Lord Troesillian, who anlo:ked it, and after the whole party had passed through I looked it again, putting the key into his own pocket. His horse was standing where he had left I him, tied beneath the shade of a spreading a tree, antd impatiently trampling the earth. s The young nobleman went up to him, t soothed him by a word and a touch, untied d him, leaped upon his back, and then rode back to Ilde. "Miss Dare," he said, as she extended her gauntleted hand in token of farewell, "I beg t you will permit me to become your escort. You. must be running many dangers in t undertaking an adventure like this. You P do not know whom you may meet on the way or encounter at ybur journey's cd. ii There can be no possible impropriety in my c becoming the fourth of your party any more than if I were your brother. Shall I not go, V Ilde ?" The maiden hesitated, especially as Kate n Arsdale looked at her besecohingly, and Jar- a e.in was heard to utter hie approval of the P request. t "If you refuOe me,"eontinued the viscount p quietly, " I shall be compelled to follow your a steps et a little distance, and alone. I coJuld a not sleep if I were to go hoem, aware of your I. exposure tJ danger, and I shall either go i with you or follow you. Which shall it c be 1" Ilde still remained undecided, when, li glancing up the road in the direotion of Edencour, she beheld Hoadley, the inn- b keeFer, advanoing rapidly, as if desirous of b making himsell aequainted wishthe members of the little group. Her decision was made s at once. h "Go with us, Lord Treseillian," she sasd, 1 quickly. "And now we must hurry on our way. Come" " ihe set the example by giving the rein to her fleet Arabian, and her companions followed sunit. In a few moments the baffled r innkeeper had become lost to view. The little party, avoiding the village of Edenville, took a road that skirted it, and were soon fairly on their way to Oak- t shaw. For some time silence prevailed. The I maidens felt a sense of additional security 1 in the presence of Lord Tressillian, and Kate I Arsdale resumed her reverai with increased 8 satisfaction, while Ilde thought long and earnestly upon the affairs at present claiming her attention. ! The young nobleman had no wish to break 1 the charmed silence. It was rapture to him to ride beside Ilde, to look upon her glorious I beauty unobserved and nnrebuked, to watch I the play of expression upon her features, and to note the resolute curve of her red, sweet mouth. He forgot, in his present I enjoyment, the difficulties of his own pecuni ary affairs-forgot everything except that he I loved the daughter of Sir Allyn Dare, and < his resolution never to relinquish her to an- I other. They rede swiftly along over country roads, bordered by hedges, through green I country lanes, shadowed by drooping I willows, over rustic stone bridges, and once r or twice through small hamlets, from the windows of which nightoapped heads looked I out in wild amazement upon the fleet night 1 riders, and then retreated, pale with alarm. I They avoided the towns and villages upon I their route, keeping to the retired roads whenever practicable. The groom knew the road to Oakshaw I well, but Lord Tresaillian proved a still I better guide, for he was acquainted with all the by-lanes and paths across the desolate cosummons, by traversing which, several miles of the journey were saved. Ilde had good reason to congratulate herself that she had accepted his escort. They passed lonely country houses, wrapped ini gloom, dwellings in which a single light burning dimly, told them. of a sick-bedand a pale watcher; mansions bril liantly lighted, and giving forth sounds of music, mirth and revelry; and at last a beautiful cottage-ornee, its windows all lighted, appearing from between a very bower of foliage. lde loooked at the house with intense in terest. "That is the house where the late Admiral Wilmer lived," said Lord Tressillian, mark ing her change of expression. " It has been closed for years, but was opened the other day forthe reception of Miss Wilmer, who has recovered from her long insanity, as I heard to-day as Edenville from a native of West Hoxton. There seems to be some mystery about Miss Wilmer, and there is a report of a secret marriage in order to save her property from falling auto the hands of a relative, but the name of her husband is on known." "I must call upon her very soon," said Ilde. "The few miles between her home and Edencourt need not be a barier to social and friendly intereourse. Papa neused to aochange visits with Admiral Wilmer. In. deed, we are really neighbors, Miss Wilmer and I, and I hope we shahll be friends. She sighed faintly as she remembered why she desired the friendship ol Miss Wilmei-her principal reasodn being to dis. cover the wheresabouts of Shawerose, the third witness against her father. But she had at heart a longing also to comfort the maiden whosem life had been shadowed by sup. posedinsainity and to minister with loving care to that mind from whish possibly, the gloom had not entirely departed. She kept her eyes fixed upon Monrepos, as if loth to withdraw them, and even turned her head and regarded it lIng after she had passed it. But when its lights became hidden from her view by intervening trees, she thought of her journey's end and devoted her thoughts to devising her course when she should have arrived at Oakebshaw. The travellers skirted West Hoxton, and continued their journey, but no longer in co'mplete silence. Encouraged by the un spoken sympathy of her lover, Ilde told him something of the object of her journey, and requested his assistance in searching for the important paper. She told him also of the 6conversation shehad overheard in Edencoust gardens between Therwelliand Hpadley, proving that anaetual coanpirasy existed i against SAirAlyn, mud cosfided to him the assurances of the mysteriousn seamntrees eon oarning the mahogany box in which the paper possibly might be concealed. " I should like to know who Mrs. Amry is," she said, thoughtfully when she had con eluded her recital. "There is a mystery about her which I oannot fathom. She has known Therwell, it is evident, but where and when and under what circumstancesl And for why does she desire revenge Z" "Perhaps she is his wife whom he has de scrted," suggested Lord Treeeillian. " It cannot ba, for she is older than he is -much older. Her hair is grey and her face is wrinkled. I am sure she cannot be his wife. Besidea be is too cautions to think of marryiog again with one wife in exie. tence. "Then she may be his mother 2" "Impopasible," said Ilde. "They do not look in the least alike. Besides, no mother wou!d have pursaed her son for years with thoughts e2 revenge. I have canvassed asl ready the two possibilities you have sugeeoted, Gay, and lam convinced that both are more than improbable. No, there is some deeper mystery in her hatred than any. thing we can understand and eurmiee. It remains only to wait, and see. Perhaps time will solve it." She patted her horso gently, and ho gprang away at her behest, arching his neck, and bearing hie lovely rider with proud graoe. Kate Arsdule and Lord Tresillian kept at her side, bet the chief conversation had been broken and wen not renewed, The long and rapid ride at length drew near its lose. The walls of the grim and grey old mansion, flanked by two ivy-olad round towers, arose before ?h6m, and Lord Treeillint declared this "tansion to be that of Oalkhaw. - " I know it ell,"he said, as Ilde elackened her pace. " It rwas onCe the residence of a friend of my father, and I have explored nearly every nook and corner within its boundaries. I hop we eshall not finud many servants in poase;ion." llde and Kata echoed the hope, and the former scanned the eastern horizon with anxious eyes. It was not quite three hours sinre they had quitted Edenconrt. and there was as yet no sign of "he morning's dawn. "We have a couple of hours before us, Gay," ohe said. "Daring that time we can certaioly accomplish our object. Don't you think so ?' To Lord Tressillian, who did not thoroughly comprehend its nccessity, the ex pedition had something of a quixotic air, but he concealed his own convictions, reply. ing that if they fsiled it should not be be. eaused they deserved failure. The mansion had now become plainly visible, and the entire party regarded it asniooely. It was as grim and gray on a nearer view as when seen from a distance, arid there were signs of decay about the double portico, and the whitewashed walls and trtterir g chimneys. On thrte sides was a plain, opic lawnt on sihe furth an overgrown and iil-r'pt shrubb:try. Toe dwelling stood at no greatdistacce Irom the road, and the trevtliere ob'seved piles of brick and mortar littering the ground, as if repairs weso in cource of execution. Lord Tressillian derived an idea from the latter feet at once. With a keen glance up and down the road, he ordered a halt in the shade of the shrub. b:ry and said: " There is a broken pince in the palings shutting in these trees, and Jarmin had better take the horses in there and kcep guard over them. They can rest there, and be ready for our use should we require them suddenly. While he is thus occupied, we will ceko an entrance into the house. Per haps the workmen who have undertaken the repairs may have left some available spot of ingress." The girls acceded to this plan at once, and alighted from their tired steeds, gatheringup the skirts of their habits. The viscount conducted the groom to the broken palinge, and himself selected a little dell, surrounded by tall young trees, as a hiding.place for the horses and their guardian. "You will be secure here, Jarmin;" he said, 'from observation of passesn.by as well as from that of the inmates of the dwelling. Wait for us here." The man promieed obethence, and Lord Tressillian returned to the expectant girls. - They were pacing up and down in the shade, rejoicieg over the deep shadow that had suoceeded the brilliant starlight,and de claring their belief that it would be easy to reach the hooso unseen. Lord Treseillian confirmed their words as he came up, and proposed that they should make the attempt at ones. He led the way, opening. the little lawn gate noieelesdly, and the maidens followed him, their hearts throbbing with excite ment. There were a few small trees here and there, and Lord Tressillian flitted from one to another of these, the two girls imitating his movements, and allgradually nearing the house. Keeping a vigilant watch upon the various windows, moving with the utmost caution, forbearing even to speak to each other, they at length gained the shade of the portico. "So far so good," said the young noble. man, calmly, wiping his humid brows. " Sit down, young ladies, while I go upon an exploring tour. I shall expect to find you here when I return." Without waiting for a reply, he glided away in the direction of the mansion, and the two girls sat down upon a broad step, and congratutated each other in whispers that their journey had been so soon and well per. formed. " I am sure we shall be sencoeful, dear Ilde," said Kate, praesing the hand of her friend. " It we get the paper you want, and you can find that Shawarosa and bribe him to act rightly, how happy we shall be I Yon will turn Therwell out of doors, reward Mrs. Amry, and give agrandball, and marry Lord Tressillian, and I shall be bridesmaid, and youn will be presented at court, and Sir Allyn will recover his health and spirits-" She panused, as Ilde raised her pale, ex cited face that seemed to shine without the gloom. " Hiush, dear I" said the baronet's daughter. "I must not think of the future now. It would unnerve me to contrast to your picture of paper the terrible reality if I should fail. At this juncture Tresaillian crept back to them; his dark face glowing, his manner eager, and his breathing hard. " I have found a plare by which-we can enter" he exalaimed. "tProvidence is surely befriending us." He extended a hand to each, and conduooted them over heaps of masonry, around the corner of the house, and paused before a door-way filled up by iaSde, temporary door. He had evidently already triedthestrength of-the Itter and found out its available points of weakneE?s, for, after a few judicious blows, it yielded to him, and would have fallenin with a crash had he not canught it. He assisted the eyoung l1dies to enter, and then replaced the door. His next movement was to light the dark lantern delivered into his hands by the old groom, and to survey the scene round him. The maidens also looked curiously around them. " This part of the hones is evidently unin habited," whispered Lord Tressillian, as they finished their fruitless investigation. "We must explore the corridor yonder, opposite to that by which we entered." They hastened to etrry out this suggestion. The passage alluded proved to be lined with doors, which on leing opened revealed rooms suitable for habitation, and bearing macks of occupancy. " If yoen will remain here a few minutes, young ladies." snidLoid Tressillign, as theg ljoekd into a comfortably firniuhed little lreaklfast.room," I will make a lornthern ploration, and try to learn how many sert vante are employed here, and where Ther. well's rooms are ituated. If you would not be afraid-'" A glance at Ilde'. brave and earnest coun tenance checked him and he glided away, lantern in hand, leaving the maidens in dark ness. " I-I believe I am afraid, Ilde," whispered KRte, clinging to herfriend. "I wish Lord Tressillian would stay with us. What if some one should find as here ?" Ilde strove to reassure her friend, but more by a silent pressure of the band than by words. The deep gloom of the room, the oppressive solitude of the place, the posei bility of discovery, all were not without their effect upon the baronet's daughter; but ekhe was sustained by the reflection that she was incurring danger for her father's cake, and that she was trying to earn her own freedom, from bonds more hateful than death. Ten, fifteen minutes passed, and then light footsteps were heard in the corridor, and the faint gleams of a light were perceptible. Kate clung closer to Ilde, who smiled upon her, assuring her that the viscount was re turning. The next moment Lord Tressillian entered. " I have been all over the inhabited part of the house," he saidhbut have not had time to examine any room thoroughly. I have die. covered that only two servants are employed here, and one of them is a man. They occupy rooms where they cannot fail tohear the least noise, if they are easily aroused, so we mast be very cautious. I have also dis covered Therwell's rooms. It is there we shall find the paper if it'be in the house. The servant' rooms are very near his, as if he ex. peoted them to act as guard over his private poessiones." "That seems to indicate that he hessome. thing valuable," said Ilde, hopefully, as he led the way to Therwell's rooms. They passed up a broad staircase, into an upper corridor, and thence into a suite of rooms, the windows of which looked out upon one of the towers. These rooms were well furnished, hung with pictures, and carpeted with soft, thick fabrics that dead ceed theintruder's footfalls. A quantity of eastern pipes on the table, a china tobacco jar beside them, a pair of embroidered slippers near the window, and a large dressing gown of the gayest colors upon the back of a chair, proved that the first room of the snite was the private apartment of Therwell himself. The second room was a dressing-room, and the third was a bed-chamber. In one of the three, probably, was hidden the written evidence by means of which Ther. well could crash her father and destroy her happiness. Thus thinking, Ilds engaged at once in the seareh. The curtains were drawn across the windows, the wax-candles upon the mantel. piece lighted, and the three set to work to explore the chambers thoroughly. Lord Treseillian devoted himself to the closets and heavy pieces of furniture; Kate Aredale examined the backs of pictures carefully; and Ide looted into every vase, probed the chair. cushions and ottomans, and searched par. tisularly for the peculiar box which iMrs. Amrybad deecribed. It soon became evident that the bo: wase not in the parlor, and Lord Treesillian re marked that it was improbable that Ther well should have carried the box with him for years throughout his various journeys; and that, in hia opinion, the document was hidden in some article of furniture. Half an hour's earnest investigation con vinced them that the paper could not be in the first room, and they proceeded to the second. Here a desk attracted attention, and Ilde examined it, while Kate busied herself with the furniture, and Lord Treeeillian peased into the bedroom. The desk was large and fitted up with innumerable divisions in each of which were packets of papers, letters, etc. Ilde looked over them with a wild hope of finding the dooement thrust carelessly into an envelope or tied.in: one of the packets, but her hope was in vain. She then looked for letters from her father, which might possibly tend to criminate him, but none were there. She searehed every nook, sounded the --"° uc the desk, but all in vai Asshe wmo ý,out to desist and torn her at e.tuon elsewhere, a packet of letters fellfrom some hidden nook, and she took them up eagerly, believing that among them was hidden the written compact. They proved, however, to be simply letters, written in a woman's hand. " Pcrhop "oAe have som.thieg to do with bris Amry," mused Ilde, holding them in her hand. "I have a conviction that they somehow have reference to me." She untied the packet and p?rused the letters. They were all brief and signed simply "H. G." They were the farthest possible re. move from love letters, being couched in businese terms, and always to the effect that "it " was quite cafe, and that the writer de aired more money. One of the letters wea signed ".Your sister, M. G.," and nearly all wese addressed to "My dear brother." "Idid not know Therwell had a sister," said Ilde, half aloud. "So I have mude one discovery, even if unimportant. What can shemean by' itl' Not the paper, of course -yet why notf If we do not find it here I shall believe that he has placed it in the care of his sister." She replaced the letters as she had found them, and arose wearily from the desk. Kate was busy with a chest of drawers, and Lord Tresaillian was still in the bed-chamber, engaged in noiseless explorations. With a glance at her friend, Ilde went to the window and looked out. The east was bathed in a cold, gray light, forerunner of the coming day. There were two or three beams of red at the very edge of the horizon, heralding the approach of the sun. The barnyard fowls were crowing their delight at the termination of night, and the birds were making melody among the trees. "It is morning, and I have not yet suo ceeded, said Ilde, almost despairingly, as she quitted the window. "Come here, dear," exclaimed Kate, who was standing beforesan antique piece of fur niture in the parlor. "I have explored everything but this cabinet. Do you think it can be here?" She pulled open one of the doors with a little diffioulty, and had hardly done so when the cabinet fell to the floor with a crash. Alarmed at the noise, Lord Tressillian horrief infrom she bed-obamber. "I did not mean to do it," said Kate, looking from Ilde to the viecount, depre oatingly. "It is not my fault; the cabinet is so very old. " No, it is not your fault, Kate," said Lord Tresseillian, stopping to examine the cabinet. "It had but three legs to stand upon, and when you opened the door you pulled it off its balance. I hope no one heard the noise." "The servants are probably in their morn. ing slumbers, when they are least likely to wake," said Ilde. "Is there anything in the cabminet, Gay ?" "Nothing but dust,"!' was the reply. " The eabiset most have belonged to the former owners of Oakshaw, and the servants have put it there, thinking it valuable." "You have found nothing in the bed. room I" "No, Ilde; and Ihave searched thoroughly I was about to return when I heard the erash made by the falling eabinet; No paper can possibly behidden inthere. You have had no success 1" "Hone," was Ilde'e reply. "But I have found a few letters which may tend to throw some light upon the object of our search." She went to the desk and brought out the letters that had attracted her attention. Lord Tressillian took them and read them, and ailde, with one hand on her lover's arm, read them anew, and looked up into his fasce, as it expecting to. find his opinion written theren-To b Ceonstinnend. 718 