TITTLE TATTLE TALK. Mr. G. P. Hopkins, the defeated candidate for municipal honors, has announced his intention to pay his respects in future to Yorke's Peninsula. It was during one of his characteristic speeches in the House that he let the cat out. On that occasion when " put up," as the Advertiser states, to relieve the Government from the too-searching 1 enquiry of Mr. Moule, he gave the usual Billingsgate harangue. Pitching in all round he still showed himself an adept in abuse and unparliamentary tactics. It was his expression that " Flinders would not return J. Moule again," that elicited from the scrub farmer " the pointed question " what about Port Adelaide ? " " Oh," grinned the . hou. member with a counteuance seraphic, I am coming over to the Peninsula." the Port! What a deliverance to In this determination there is more discretion than valor. The Peninsula might afford a chance, but the Port does not gixe the ghost of a show. You are quite right Geordie in seeking fresh fields and pastures new. The game is played out. You have had a good innings. Close on £1,200 from the State, and how much from other sources no one knows but yourself, whose business alone it is to know. You .lou't intend to gratify your fast friends by allowing them to witness your defeat at the next hustings in the Port Town Hall, so you make a desperate move. Take the undertaker with you when you go to Yorke's Peninsula, as you will need his services to give your political end a decent interment. He'll do it cheap as a quid pro quo for past favors. learn off " Othello's Lament," Just you'll need the lines " My occupation's gone." Dr. Magarey is scoring well over the Licensed Victuallers Bill. It re mains to be seen, of course, whether the Assembly will accept the amendments. The "one-fifth and the onethird " clauses were inserted by the framers of the Bill and passed by the Assembly with a view of defeating the temperance party. Such knavish tricks deserve exposure, as the Doctor gave when he denounced the " insincerest Bill of the insincerest Ministry that ever sat on the Treasury Benches." Why should the liquor traffic enjoy such exceptional priveleges ? For the election of representatives to Parlia ment the majority of votes for any candidate decides the election. Why then compel one third to vote for or against local option ? It surely ought to suffice if the same principle is applied to that poll as to the elections for Parliament. The labor represen tatives came out on the right side on this question. They know too well how sadly the liquor trade interferes with their reforms and progress. (Jon trast their attitude with that of the Glanville demagogue, and anyone can see which has the interest of thelwork ing men really at h;art. By the way Morley Charleston did good service last week in his reply to R. C. Baker over the Estates Duties Bill. Chaffey felt the force of his opponet who scored more than one on that occasion. No disclaimer has yet been proclaimed against the " half of brick and bucket of tar" policy advocated by Mr. Sleath for the solution of the Moonta strike. Sleath was a fool to write such words or to proffer such advice; Peters was a bigger fool to make it public ; and the official heads of the unions are the biggest fools in not disclaiming now that it is public. Of course, a disclaimer would be the extinguisher to Sleath. Let it be borne in mind that no disclaimer extinguishes far more prejudicially to the interests of the labor party than the resignation of forty men such as Sleath, When will the leaders such as Mr. Buttery and others be wise as well as zealous. CHRISTMAS CHEER.—Mr. D. Bower has generously decided to give his usual Christ mas dinner to all persons in the district receiving Government rations. The various necessaries can be had on application to Mr, W. Marston, Port Adelaide. SESIAPHOEE HrGH SCHOOL. — The annual distribution of prizes in connection with the Semaphore Bigh School took place in the Semaphore Wesleyan lecture hall on Tuesday evening, Mr. C. R. Morris presiding over a large attendance. The principal (Miss Wright, B.A.) gave an account of the progress made during the year, after which the prizes were presented to the successful pupils by the chairman, who addressed a few appropriate remarks to each of the recipients. During the evening Miss Clara Jones, on behalf of the scholars, presented Miss Wright with an enlarged portrait of herself, representing her attired in her University cap and gown, which gift Miss Wright suitably acknowledged. An interesting programme, comprising recitations, sou..imisic:i drill, and a. oautata cnlitLd "Sp.ing Flowers,"' was successfully eariied out by the scholars. The chainiiL:n luvSLiitcil -Miss Klhel Jaireit with a prize for the very able manner in which she gave a recitation during the evening. 