A _JOURNiEY ACGROBS SIIERRIA. D1 JaNrs Catrnntr. FROBr 1'DLAVNOsTOL O B ASDLNOI. It was a glorious June morning when we started, and we wore in the highest 9f spirits. Our tarantasses were driven to the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages they could jog along in the doziest fashion. :We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cab man by the hour. The tarantass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of 'torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest" fault to find with it-that might be said of. some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth-but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough and we travel at night. On fair roads it is not so bad, but on. rough ro~d* this do. lectable vehicle can. pound- thi unfortunate traveller .until every .separated ase in-his; ibody aches.' 3 We arev U teab id'. to. takq our, luggage inside;wltli.'us, as there is no cpn Svonionce for carrying it outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corness are distinctly in evidence during.the nigt, 5 s, the yemtshiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's eid,. an- ftqing robbers. One naýy.havo dozed'offts;laast, when' a. sudden cbllision with a root or stone wiliy send you flying heavenwards, coming .baqk .to earth with a crash, or your tarantass lurches into a rut, and your bead is banged against the side, which either dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and. fury of the latent Adam.' Nevertheless, so ?reat is the adapt. ability of the human frame tq, every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, froun the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. . The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter do bouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts -the verat is two-thirds of a mUile-wo came to a post station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes' over the face of the empire, and the system is a seplendid one for facilitating communication. The stations are let by contrnet, the contractor bding compelled to keep so , many troikas of . horses, a troika being a team of .three, " for it . is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they. universally have three hordes instead of pairs, as chie where. The central 'horse is between the shafts, and trots. .The othertwo are attached. to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside hories are trained to gallop 'with their necks' bent. rolind, the.one looking to the loft add the other tbo the right, so80 that.as you sit behind they look like two iinanoneo notes, of interrogatiq?n :The post stations ci tihe., Siberian rputq keep from n three troikas to I t, nid the co?t?ib fixed byj the Governmds t at fr6m 1. to . kopuk'per verst,'o, to..put it ?o thiat at may be botter iunderstanded of. the. peopl ;I" am writing for, you ' gt "tlirdo ".orses to carry you .20 miles for a littl under half a crown,; witbd th seitvice of the driver thrown in. .Inagine getting three horses and a driver in any part' of Australia at the rate df 2s. Gd. per I miles !' Tlieeose are the rates west of Irkutsk east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the groet: fact of politictl economy, so little grasped by Australian wrIters and speakers, that whilst thoe diffoencb 'between prices in various countries" may be inimeinee, the dif foronce in values may be very little.. The hbrees are just as well 'fed as thdsb in Aus traliu, the drivtrs tul s'hinse ttL}o.ugh, their fdod may not b..qeite se fine :,Updooibtedly the Australianidrypi ? has much njork of all good thingd than th e Siberian yemtshik, yet nothlin, to. rgiresent ', the enormous difference, n prices.., The, fact is that the differei~ce is really'one of more counters, and notof. aotu? value. W? inflate .our prices nd seem .i' bo. paying .much. more; but, because we inflato.e a1? rounl,: it .practically radupes things bick 'tp oxchangiug articlos with high flgurio atiared' to them, whilst the real values remaip ittoulhed. If I sell a working man a, hat t 20s., and he charges nio a day'seork itt '20s., we ' tao4 just the samenos if we had agreed for.10s. or lm'., and 'in this slmple ettotemntf wtllhbe found th:s'eohltion of' otaiiy of tlie. fists of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity.at the sad fate of the country, or lift ;up our eyes to thank God that we Australiduns aeo not.as those sinners in Aslia 'or' urope. Prices or wages in. any country uro Ihardly o. ho considered' asiving atiny. standard of thoe well-being of' thu people. The real factors are the pressure. :of competition owiiig to pressure of popula tion, the prodtctive qa pity of: the soil, and theo ia dusry anild rmd!alstatus of :tlho,people.. At'the secold ~iost station I met a Russian colonel wlo ;spoke German .fairly well, and .was immonselyi?itrchsted when he learned.l! came from Australia. li e made some very intelligent inquiries 'about this lapd, and woe parted with hiith prdfossions Of esteem., 'Later onI founid' out 'that the idea that all. tRussian oflic rs can speak another language than their cwn is an error. Quite one-half with whon I hatie in :contact' could speiak -nothing but RuideainU, or, at'best, a few words of French or German. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes are concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch; then the Germans, and iafter themin the. Riussians. When I say the Germans, I am not sure but' equal with them are the, Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes; allof those surpassing far the Latin races of every sort, and the English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said efe, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reservations I have made' about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that .the Russians are excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This, may arise from the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are. quite unattainable to a foreigner. . Our start was in glorious weather. In the afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, gnd about 8 o'clock it was raining torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province coast 'is:horlted for wet, no less than 230 days out of the year being rainy. It became dark as pitch, and at last we ot bogged. We had to get out and' trudge along the muddy road, slipping and stum ling as we went. I began to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the Ural Mountains, and to ask inyself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 50 turned out in this fashion. Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself further if I was quite sane when I first re solved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my fribnds had no manner of doubt whatevert-they thought I was as mad asa March hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if, after al, they weren't pretty right. The average man is a comfort loving rabbit, easily eared by disoomforts and dearly loving his own burrow, hating strange food and strange beds, prepared to gush with rapture over the glories of the IIimnalayas, if you take him up the heights in a lift, or to explore foreign lands, if he can do it in a flrst.cl.s carriare. The stay-at home shopkeoper spirits are the special iiets ,oires of travellers, and to feel that they are right and you are wrong is peculiarly galling to the enterprising souls who break fresh ground or depart froms beaten iund therefore comfortable traks. Thus btieing, with a sertain bitterness of unreasonable resentment against some good folks at home, as if they were in some fashion responsible for soy troubles now. I plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I- plunged into tho imud that I would noltgo bock at any coat; but would see it through just to spite the critics! At last the dim lights of the little town of 'Rasdolnoi came' in. sight, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserable post station-one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten meot of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected' the -least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sloop. It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with morely a railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep oven more iffco tually than ]lanquo's ghost. His splutterings and . explosions, his small artillery of enor'ings and heavy cannons of long drawn enorings, exceeded anything I had ever. heard in. my lfe. The other Russians took it all calmly, and than dropped off, though they commented' upon it in the m6brnrng, blat' it kept' me mn a fever' of helploess irritation. W" hat dould be done undedr duch clrcumetances ? I could not talk to .'him, 'and dven if I could, I don't suppose itt would have done the sllghtedt ddd:' It.was thbo iian's misfortune, "net'his" feuXnt "We aroe searching about for inagnifcdnt 'in'ventioins 'whero ,it? to bring the ends of heaven and 'earth together ; .will somreepractical lover :of: his 'species invent a machine whiuhswheo .fltted to our ours, shall .maklc?.us oblivionas of.ll disaggeoable sounds, f om snoring ta;applications fo'loames 1 That would be genius yoked .to. beievolnooe, 'and there would bena fortino.in it. "'We made a scraggy breakfast theofolldwing morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro-. ceeded, 'all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and admiring its' beauty. Rolling hills and-. "downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, .made .a..langscap of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and unknown part of the earth.' We- ran alongside the River Slifun part of the way,' and some of its turns and-bonds were exceedingly, lovely; and from a practical stanqlpoint i shoul.ld suppose it will bec6moeiiavdigblo fer a i?onsiderable diea tanco from 'its mouhi. for moderato-sized craft. We passed over a good deal of country greatly roeembli;ig the sol,. and 'rocks of Kyneton,.now beginning to .be occupied. It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Melbourno, and I found myself 'asking .?lte questiodi bn this second day out fro Vladivustok, which I asked myself hundred times before I' lefty Siberia, what will' this country be ? The qruality of the soil w'as i rovelation, the beauty of the seemonry surprioe, and the fact'that:it has stood 'a solitury wilderness alotigxido of' Chlina and Jalmfln, ivith their 'crdwdcd 'millibns, 'a' strp'rieo, grfatr still. "beforo I haire flislied'theeo' papers I shall try to give ah aaikCve'al to what Siberi'a nd the Antoor proviincos aro lilkely to become. 