LYDIA. Dr. Parker, speaking of Lydia and her surroundings, adds, "What subtle little harmonies there are in this inspired book : she was first of all a business woman, a seller of purple." So then women of business may be women of prayer. Women who sell purple one day may go to church to pray the next. We ought to have more women of business. It is a foolish conceit which forbids, in any degree, women to engage in honorable business. Snch business enlarges and educates the mind, gives happy distraction to thought, which would often turn to vexation if fixed on unworthy centres. He or she who loves work makes all the week a kind of introductory Sabbath to the great religious Rest. A piety that sells no purple will come to live upon itself, and eating its own vitals, it may end in a religious melancholy and madness. Lydia was also a religious woman : she " worshipped God." There are many religious persons who are not Christians. It is one thing to be religious and another to be Christianised. Some people are born so to say, with religious veneration. They must worship. They will turn a stone into a God ; or they wilj imagine a God folded within the garments of the sun's blazing light ; it is easy for them to pray. Other people seem to ba born destitute of the religious instinct; they are earthy, servants of time, grubbers, heapers together of dust that has no binding in itself, and must eventually be dried by the sun and fall away into the meanest particles, that have in themselves no self cohesion and no abiding masonry. The fear is that the true religious man may allow himself to be cooled by these natural atheists. It is so easy to cool a fire. It is so easy to discourage souls, that sometimes the hereditary atheist— born with a hollow place in his head where there ought to have been a mountain of veneration - it is so easy, I say, for such people to chill and discourage the piety of others. Lydia was not only industrious and religious, she became Christianised. Religiun i3 a general term ; Christianity is a specific form of religion. Beginning in sacrifice, in self-crucifixion, in suffering for Christ, in pardon through the mystery of sacrificial blood, it grows up into absolute sympathy with the Father and the Son and the Holy Ghost. It is not enough for you and me to be religious, we must take upon us by the mighty ministry of the Holy Ghost a particular form, and that particular form is Christianity. The Spirit of Christ makes us Christians, as the blood of Christ makes us saints or holy ones. In this respect Christianity is a heart-opening ; a heart enlargement; a fire set to love ; a marvellous transformation of being. When Lydia became thus the subject of Christian influence, what course did her thought take 1 At once she would have a church in the house— c< If ye have judged me to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house and abide there." In that suggestion there is a whole philosophy. That was impulse Divine. When the two travellers felt their hearts burn within them, by reason oE the converse of the third Man, they said, " Abide with us." These are the impulses that are underlaid by whole rocks of logic and philosophy. Lydia would have a fellowship at once. Souls that are kindred must never leave one another. If any have gone out from us, it is because they were not with us. They were using us for their own convenionce ; it suited them for a while to play the false part, and to assume a kind of interest in our society and actions. But when they go out from us we know that they were never of us, in the true and deep sense of the term. Christians must abide together. In the olden time they that feared God met often one with another, and spake soul to soul, and the music entranced the attention of God, and the listening father wrote their names in His bcok and called them " Jewels." 