MILITARY CHURCH PARADE SAT. WARRAGUL.: IMPRESSIVE SERMON BY ..THE . REV. MAJOR FLOCKHART. On Sunday morning last. the first' military church parade ever 'hold: iii Warragul, took place at the Wesleyan Church, being attended by members of the local detachment of Victorian.Rangers and the State School cadets. The parade was under the command of Lieut. Willis.' Lieut. Peters being also present. Sergeant Sclwood and Corporal Johnson, of the' Rangers, were the non-commissioned officers onparade. The party paraded at the Masonic Hall at half-past ten, and marched to 'the church, where they were" accommodated with seats in the front centre portion of the church. The sermon was. preached by the Rev. Major Flockhart, one of the Chaplains to the Forces. There was a' good congregation, the service opening' with a verse of the " National Anthem." The Rev. Major Flocklhart upon enter ing the church was received by the men: standing at "attention." He was attired in his uniform as a chaplain, and preached a most impressive sermon, having special. reference to the occasion, basing his' remarks on the 10 Chap. of The Acts, and taking more or less the whole of the' chapter. :He said it appeared there was a certain man in Caesarca, called Cornelius, a centurion of. the band called the Italian band of the Roman regiment, a centurion being anl officer having charge ofa hmun dred soldiers. Cornelius wits a noble hearted mnan and was fillt of kindest sympathy, as all true soldiers were.' Ho further demonstrated the fact that a man might be a soldier and yet be a true man. of God. Moses and Joshua were other bright examples of this truth, and so was David, -who led forth his troops and also slew the giant while ihe was yet in his teens. Cornelius, then, was a devout man-one who feared God and renomuned the idols of the Roman nations. His: religion, moreover, was not a sham-it was a grand acclivity. Every man in his regiment knew that his officer was a righteous man, and felt the influence of his religion. He was also a benevolent nan. He gave alms to the people, and not only gave alms, but gave them in superlative. He also seemed to have walked in an atmosphere of prayer, for they were told he prayed to God always. He was, in fact, the Washington, the Havelock, the Headley Vickers, of his day. To this man the angel of the cove nant came, and told him that his alms had come up acceptable before God and that hle was to send men to Joppa, to the house of Simon Peter, "and he shall tell thee what thou oughtcst to do." They would observe that Cornelius did not say to the angel " why not make known to me now what 1 ought to do-time is valuable and the journey is long, and therefore why not make known to me now the mind of God ?" No. Cornelius was a soldier-hlie was a soldiering man of God and did what he was told. Though cannon be to' right of hinm, cannon to left. of liml, cannon in front of him, volleyed and thundered, it was for him to ride even into the jaws of death and into the very mouth of hell, if theconmmnand of God were given. How beautifully the soldier-like muan of God comes out hi Cornelius I When the angel which spake unto himn had' departed, he did exactly what he had been told to do. lHe sent the men to Joppa, and they even. tually returned, with Simon Peter accom panying them. It would be observed they did not go to the house snd find he was ready for them. No, there was a hearty soldierly welcome for them. Just what a soldierly man of God would be expected, to do. There was large hIeartedness in the soldier, He was a man who loses sight of self and who for the guardianship and-salvation of his home, his nation and his Queen, sacrifices himself, places himself, if necessary, at the mouth of the grm and at the point of the bayonet and is prepared to die in the fray and be brought back on a shield rather than that his country or his monarch should be disgraced. Then Peter opened his mouth and declared unto them the whole counseel of God, and 'while lie was yet speaking the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the word, and he commanded them to be baptised in the namne of the Lord. 0, for a baptism, of the Holy Spirit in themselves and every church, and that the world might be filled with the Glory of God. At the conclusion of the service the reverend officer came down and shook hands with the men present,' after which., the party formed up outside the church, and marched back to the Masonic-hall, where they were dismissed. 