FASHION NOTES. A stylish visiting dress is of block Irish poplin, with a panel of turquoise blue poplin embroidered with jet; full plastron, also em broidered with jet; bonnet of black lace orna mented with jet sprays. Robes still retain the tendency to length, with a ghost of a train, and a sort of umbrella expansion. Sleeves continue to be worn high, and the shoulders square. Finks and blues are the reigning colours. Black toilettes are still very popular. Black alpaca is used with good effect. Simple and stylish is a gown of black alpaca, semi-iitting, the jacket cut with rounded basque. There are three buttons across the chest, the vest, which is not conspicuous, being of white drill speckled blaok. Heliotrope and brown and green and brown combine well in millinery. Flowers resting on the hair under the brim of the hat are always becoming. Sulphur- coloured roseB look charm ing in a black lace hat. Black wings and wild pink roseB on a foundation of black lace straw make a very lovely toque. Striped flannels and blue serges are the dominating dress materials for travelling, the Beaside, or the country. They wear well and look the same if simply made. The stuffs must be good, and can be enhanced with silk ornamen tations. For evening wear foulards, satinettes, and muslins. \- A becoming style of making up all soft flimsy material is to cut the bodice on the cross, ana fold it round the figure over a deep yoke of coarse lace. ' Have a plain skirt, and sew on to it round the hips just to meet the bodice a deep flounce of tne lace. The sleeves would look beet puffed over deep cuffs of lace. The fashion is to put a double frill finely : kilted down the full front of the blouse, or one frill to reach just below the bust. The collar band is straight, wide,.and made with folds of silk. There are no sides, back, nor sleeves to the blouse front, but it keeps well in place beneath the open fronts of the coat bodice if properly arranged. The smoking jacket for women is the latest of New York novelties. It is not at all manniBli in shape, but it is severely made with frills or plaits, to afford no cover for the smoke. Fongee eilk is the favourite material, and a certain Royal Princess has one in a colour appropriately called "tobac"' of linen, lined with dead gold surah. Pink and yellow is a favourite millinery combination; so too are yellow and violet. Black strawB are used to the exclusion of white, but various shades of fawn are popular, and some of the French model bonnets and hats are of fawn colour, shading to brown. Brim6 of hats and bonnets are meant to be nipped or bent to suit the face of the wearer. There was a time when a black dress was never seen at a wedding; now, on the contrary, black is most fashionable for weddings. ' But, iialte la.! let us see (says Le Journal act Modes) what kind of black is worn. First, the dress itself is of the richest of perfection of silk, and the skirt is edged round with a lace flounce, embroidered with glittering gems. The jacket bodice is opened also over a waistcoat of the same glittering embroidery, composed of pearls, rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds, and it is, moreover, edged round with a deep lace flounce, like the flounce on the skirt, and the sleeves are likewise entirely of the same lace. The chic of new gowns lies in the bodice, as the skirts are uniformly plain. The fancy of the moment is for bodices with-jacket fronts, short and jaunty Zouaves or Figaros cut in new and varied ways. The top of the jacket is sometimes shaped in two equare corners above the armholes, with lapping stitched edges falling on a full vest—a pretty fashion for snowflake wooIb or fine mohairs. Other jacket fronts are formed entirely of wide moire sash ribbon over a crepon bodice. Lace Zouaves are on crdpe de Chine gownB; very square revers, or gathered jabot revere, edge other Zouavos, and an entire jacket of crepon (sleeveless, of course), is worn over a bodice of India silk. There is just now a great fancy in London for trimming gowns with black lace. The taste for black lace has in many cases superseded that earlier expressed for Irish lace and croam guipure, which necessarily gives a more summery look to a gown, and that is not always desirable. The basque if of blaok lace can be worn very deep, and sleeves and yoke are covered with this delicate veiling—not only silk dresses, but gowns of thin texture, such as nun's veiling and printed delaine are properly trimmed with black lace. The basque of lace is often set on beneath a narrow basque of material, which is cut in short square tabs. This plan may be varied by gathering the lace so as to form a heading. The laoe used is not by any means heavy, and Spanish laces never appear. 