THE 0 HD ER OF THE POT. I By Robb de Boehme. \ It belongs to a much elder order than at first appears, that blue ribbon, not of the turf but of the kitchen, which we undervalue or overvalue according to our gastronomical bias, to an order which, like a good many of its wearers, " his seen better days," and come down in the world from an ethical if not from a utilitarian point of view. For the cordon bleu, to which your modern cook aspires was originally the cherished badge of the knights of the Holy Ghost commonly styled cordons bleu, and accepting the destination with all the equanimity of a latter day chef, Why was the blue ribbon transferred from knightly to culinary shoulders ? By what process of association did that which was essentially spiritual become entangled with the essentially material ? It would be interesting to know whether a slur was originally intended, suggesting undue devotion to the palate on the parts of the knights du St. Esprit. Or was the novel application tion first introduced by some of the jolly old missal-illuminating monks, who so carefully reared their orchards stacked their cellars, and concocted cunning maigre dishes with savoury contents; did they, at some fragrant monastic feast with the fumes of the viands dilating their nostrils, trils, solemnly declare that the spiritual was dependent on the material, that man's best aspirations end inspirations come to him when his digestive organs are not warring one with another, and that he or she who produces this internal peace is worthy to wear the ribbon of the Holy Ghost itself ? I pass the problem on to the antiquarian, who, if he is exceptionally energetic, may solve it in a generation or so. Meanwhile one fact remains which alone concerns us, namely, that the order of the pot or at least the blue ribbon of the pot is of such exceedingly ancient and high-toned lineage that none need be ashamed to wear it in fact it imparts quite an aristocratic aroma to our pots and pans. Nominally, indeed, we are none of us ashamed to wear it, the trouble being rather that we don't win it. As a rule we like both men and women, to dabble in dainty dishes ; we are very sensitive to approbation in the matter, and may even colour up with nervous delight if that same ribbon is alluded to in our presence but only if it be offered to us as amateurs. The moment the professional question tion is brought in, we all, both men and woman, shrink away and resent the impertinence ; cooking is all very well so long as you can pretend to do it for pleasure, but a paid cook, why not a paid scavenger at once ? There are worse folks than the scavengers, namely, the people who make unnecessary mud heaps for the others to clear away. But let that pass. The point is, why as a paid nook to lose the caste which, an amateur chop giller keeps - In an ordinary way the professional holds his head higher than that of the trader who plays at work. The artist, musician, doctor, journalist, even the "soldier, sailor, tinker, tailor ''of the old rhyme, all cherish more or less contempt for the amateur, and even if he be a proficient they owe him a grudge for not joining their ranks. Why, then, unless by the law of compensation, is the profo3 sional cook to take a back seat The question is one which requires to be faced seriously for it is affecting the interest of a large number of unemployed ployed women. Putting man's ordinary vocation out of sight and assuming for the sake of of argument ment that the average cook is invariably a woman, we have the astounding fact that a large number of families are vainly offering high wages for a cook, while a large number of educated sensible women are going hungered for lack of employment They cannot steak to cook they are ashamed, because it isn't ladylike. In the name of the Prophet figs ! It is lady like to shiver your nerves drumming music into some human atom who is minus a musical soul ; ladylike to grind grammatical rule and historical date into a stunted main; ladylike to run about in the dusty street picking up your pupils here and there; ladylike to spend your days over fancy work which only a collector of white elephants will buy; ladylike to pay on the typewriter till you yourself became a machine; ladylike to write novelettes of doubtful English and undoubted morality; ladylike to do a dozen other things that exhaust the physique while adding mighty little to the income, but when it comes to cook's work, oh dear, oh dear, Anybody would suppose that there was contamination in the pot I wish some enterprising prising artist would paint us kitchen interior with a sweet and winsome "lady" reigning supreme over the pots and pans and discharging her duties serenely, cap, apron, and all. Perhaps he might make the cooking craze as fashionable as the name ing craze threatens to become. Of course, I know the standard objectionable position is monial; it is so degrading. Well, I suppose that depends on your own capacity city for degradation. There is no inherent reason why Julia should feel loss rained while stirring mosses' over her stove than does her sister Lucy who is teaching the children upstairs. The chances are that in the matter of temper and temptation to wrath Julia has the best of it She undoubtedly, has if poor Lucy be that anomaly yclept a' nursery governess, a modern touffre douleur, that is neither " fish, flesh, fowl, nor good red herring, a "lady-like" slaver, who must often envy Mary Jane, the scullery maid, for Mary Jane knows when her work is done, and the nursery governess never has a glimmering on the subject. What between the children's badly needs, their mental and spiritual needs a nursery governess's idea of heaven resembles that of the poor woman who defined it as a place where there is no work to be done. And yet ask a decayed gentlewoman" to send her daughter out as to it rather than as nursery governess and just see what her indignant answer Will bo-You are sacrificing the girl's position. As to the question of in dependence ; is there any reality in tins outcry ? I remember once finding a friend of mine with a very anxious maternal cloud on her face, She was a young matron who appeared to have secure 1 to herself all the good things of this life j yet here she was worried to death because her cook didn't cater pro perty for the children. " She can't or won't make nursery pudding? ; they are always curdles 1, and the old iron won't eat those, poor little things," The children certainly looked as if unourdlol milk puddings would be to their advantage. I suggested discharging the delinquent but this proved impossible as she was invaluable for dinner parties. Then I spoke out boldly : " Fit up a star stove in one of your spare rooms and experiment on the puddings yourself." My young matron loosed positively aghast as she queried, '. Do you really suppose I should I dare? Why I don't even go near the kitchen !" She had a first-class governess u 'Stairs -a refined, highly-educated woman but I don't suppose she had the slightest scruple in going into the schoolroom and expressing her wishes. No, if only we could overcome prejudice we should realise that the sink is really far more independent and loss hardu-orb'd than the governors ; she has shorter hours, better pay, and infinitely more of her own way for it always behoves us, from prudential motives, not to put cook out of temper Moreover, in large- towns, a cook who shrank from the associations of her craft might always secure a little home for herself to which she could return when her day's work was done. Indeed there is no reason why a professional cook should not go out just as many teachers do, at stated hours for a Stated time. Many who want kitchen help do not want it all day. The hard-worked mother, who feels that while she is concoction. little dishes other things are neglected, might be very glad to have somebody coming in regularly to take the most formidable most of the day by off her hands and as every one does not have the heavy meal at the same hour, as there are varying notions regarding lunch, dinner, and " high " tea, an expert cook might fill up her afternoons in very remunerative fashion, and have some some hours of the day to herself. But even if compelled to live in a family, the cook will always-salary apart- have a better " time " than the governess. She will not be harassed every hour of the day ; she will have no unreasonable calls upon her time and patience and she will most certainly have her evenings to herself, (free to work, roa I, or study, free an' she will, to dream and ponder over the romance of the pot There is not much on record I must admit ; whatever the effect of culinary fragrance upon our daily the, literature is somewhat reticent on the subject, and we have no savoury stew sons rival- ling Bacchanalian ditties. Tot literature is not altogether silent and we have by way of encouragement a pot romance of antiquity in that biblical novel which is, I suppose, one of the oldest extant. I hope I am not jarring on any and novel prejudices by this simple statement of feet. People are apt to ignore the truth that in the Bible we have details about actual or at any rate, representative, men and women who felt as we do " only more so," and who were un- trammelled in speech and action by modern ideas, This being so, it is but natural that the Bible should give us more than one love idyll, trio first of which has never been surpassed in its (simple pathos, I What modern novelist has describ d anything more | touching than Jacob's seven years if servitude for Rachael, " and they seemed to him but as one year for the love he bore her." And all this beautiful romance was evoked out of a pot of lentils ! Suppose we go and peer into our lentil-pots to see what they reserve for us ? After this, it is rather a come down to the omelettes of the Duchess of Marlborough and Madame Recamier, to such modern rhymes as Thackeray's Bouillabaisse song and the Ingoldsby legend of the Lady Jazz, or to the famous Piolt Yvinkian chops and tomato sauce But the fact remains that historians, poets, and novelists alike have not disdained to look upon the cook as an important agent in the drama of life and if you want a pretty accurate idea of the fare of the Elizabethan era you have only to study your Shakespeare closely. There is, however, one aspect of the case which poets as a rule overlook and which we ever-day people absolutely ? ignore ; the poetry which the aroma of the pot can infuse into the poor man's life- Repugnant as strong class distinctions may be to our modern line of thought we cannot get rid the fact that, for the present the rich man possesses many life sweeteners to which the poor man is a stranger and among these we must undoubtedly reckon those table comforts which. alike promotes physical and moral calm. Seeing that the poorer neighbour has habitually financial anxieties and divers privations which do not beat his oneyed brother, this is a perplexing clause in that law of compensation we hear so much about, but to a certain extent it remains unavoidable: for albeit good cookery is always cheaper than bad ditto, lot even your good cook, whom she has to make her penny go as far as your shilling, can- not afford the little condiments that make all the difference between delicate and coarse cooking. But there is plain fare and plain fare, and I have known even common '. Scotch broth " made tempt- ing enough for the most fastidious palate, thanks to the delicacy of the hand that seasoned it. D >n't despise Scotch broth if you please, as factor in human happiness 1 When a Charles Dickens can bring the poetry of the hearth to bear on the unre- fined tripe and onions, where shall we be bold enough to draw the romance line? Now the point is, how to evoke the romance favour out of the broth, the tripe and onions, the Stuffed Steak (alias "poor man's duck.") For and poor man's wife, who has a discriminating hand and taste, you will find six, if not a dozen, who think anything thrown into the pot " will do itself well enough." A cooking class for these good souls is a hopeless kind of patching; most of them have their days more than filled by sheer hard work, and if a spare hour does turn up cow and again they want it badly for " a good lay down," or perhaps for that still more feminine notion of relief. a good cry." Moreover, their habits are formed, and in a general way nothing will make them believe that a little seasoning mare or loss a little boiling more or less a little fire more or less, can make the slightest distance. What is to be done? The professional cook is out of the question; even if she now and again gave her time gratuitously she would only be looked upon with suspicion. But there are the little daughters! Their habits are not formed; their time is not entirely filled; can we not train them to be present and future comforters by the poor man's fire ? The experiment was made some time ago in the East End of London with complete success ; an eating-house, ? not, be it observed, a school of cookery, was opened, with dinners at a nominal sum 3d if I remember right, but it may have been loss, for 3d in the East End represents a heavy item in the day's expenditure. These cheap dinners were entirely cooked by working-men's little daughters, their ages ranging from eight or nine years to 14 and 15. They wore taught thoroughly the A B 0 of cooking to keep their pots and mrs clean, to scrape or wash potatoes, above all to do that useful vegetable justice in the boiling. Nothing was ever set on the table that the poorest among them might not hope to prepare for her own father's dinner ; there were savoury stews, simple broths, digestible puddings, tempting vegetables, all utilising material that many a "slip" cook allows to waste for lack of knowledge, The little girls wore happy, beaming busily over their street stall dishes ; the diners went away more than satisfied with their fate; the expenses paid themselves, and the needs of health and happiness were sown in many a struggling home, Is there no room for such a work here ? despite the exigencies of the School Board, can we not enable our little working girls to cook economical and savoury meals which she I strengthen mother when she comes in weary with washiu.,charing,or baby tyranny; which shall whose father when he returns, grimy and taciturn, from his depressing round in ihichtliopublio- hiiusohaspiovcd Bindi a sore temptation? Ah! we may rain as we please at intemperance, but many a poor man drinks away his wages to get rid of the internal gnawing caused by badly cooked food. Many a woman becomes a bloated wretch because her system, drained by child-bearing', nursing, and hard work is no for an air tilted by digestible, and using food. Till Somebody comes to the rescue, with a little practical common-sense, the above the Australian Fauna" with its course black fluid mount, the tough meat it washes down, must have its way and so must the "pub." But I have only spoken of the home training connected with tie cheap dinners ; what about the comfort 111 as; would accrue to those who are free 1 to dine away from home with a well-nigh empty purse ? Many an " unemployed " or half employer would go loss Fungi" and weary it he knew where to turn for a substancial 3d moa!; yet in this instance, the " he " is not so much in point He can at a pinch get at more than one bar, with his glass of, beer as much bread and cheese as will satisfy him for a time at least:; or he can for a like sum swallow a bowl of more or less strengthen- ing soup. and if he have a spare bed he has his choice of cheap restaurants; he can do very well for the present. But what about " she " ? Have you ever re uUod the number of girls and women who are working all day long in this prosperous city for a pittance varying from 5s to £1 a week ? Many of them, doubtless, have a parental roof under which to lay their heads, u me for nal most to go home to, and their case, if somewhat hard, is by no means pitiful. But how many others are there who have to scramble on as best they may, sleeping several in a close men to save rent picking up what scraps of fo id they can, when they can, and even then not knowing how to keep themselves decent and make both ends meet The odds will always show a tendency to part try to help them as we may. But do you not think the struggle would prove less severe if these girls and women know of respectable e, quiet, eating-houses where a plentiful meal, cooked and served by tidy little girls such a meal as they would like to serve up in the tiny home they all dream of- was to be had for 3d ? Do you think they would not return to their work strengthened by the wholesome food, strengthened also by the knowledge that comfort can combine with poverty, strengthened by the thought that "some day " even they may realise a home ideal ? Can you count up the number of lives that would be saved by this very thin end of the wedge? For there are hundreds of young creatures annually sacrificed among us-girls who creep into their premature graves as pariahs and lepers with whom only the most broad-minded will come in contact, and we must not hold inherited taint or misplaced romance wholly to blame. Vice and false romance are there, no doubt, doing their deadly work. Social conditions over which, for the present, we have small control are there else But first and foremost as agents are the colourless, half starved, hopeless lots, the loss of physical and moral fibre which makes nothing more " worth while," which accepts any variety to the daily monotony. If by attention to a very simple detail, we can save a few of these waste lives ; if, by building up the physique we can infuse fresh energy into some work young souls, inspiring them with a taste for simple home comforts, giving them glimpses of an attainable home in which they mar cheerfully ' make the best of poverty itself; if, by the Order of the Pot,' we can save even a few from degradation and despair, shall we than say that the cordon bleu has fallen from its original high estate in the order of the Holy Ghost ? 