chips. Bt (Emms. Tbo confederation of tho Empifo, whioh is froip timo to timo brought up for dlsouBsion, doos not mako niuoli progress in public opinion. Tho question evokes tho utterance of a good deal of nonsense, which is fairly supplied both by tho advocates and tho opponents of the proposal. Those who are in favor of the idea sl)riplt from tiio task of drawing up a complato and practicnblo scheme, and Lord (Salisbury plainly told n deputation of them which waited upon him that until t)icy aro In a position to submit such a schemo thero could ho no usoful discus sion on the quostion. They talk about tho con federation of the Empire in much the same way as Mr. Gladstone talks about Home Rule forlreiand, without venturing to touch upon particulars. The Imperialists liavo promised to go into details and to produce a scheme ; hut thoy will find the task beset with difficulties. They would do wcli to begin with a recognition of tho fact that tho Empire is already confederated in a sort of a way, and that year by year tlio bond of union becomes more firmly knit without any plan having boon previously agreed upon, This being tho case, it would bo oxpodiont to cotisidor whether it would not be woll to loave confederation to beoomo developed with as littlo interference a3 possible. If a now schome wero to be acted upon mucli of tho work which has already been accomplished would have to be undone, and the desired confederation would bo thrown hack instead of being pushed forward. Lord Salisbury as well os his interviewers fall into tlio mistako of supposing that there can be no confederation without a zollvorein and a kriegsverein, or union for war ; hut it is absurd to suppose that tho confederation of suoh a scat tered empire as tho British oan be moulded upon tlio institutions of Germany, a country onolosed witliln a ring fonoe. Whoo'ver undertakes tlio task of drawing up a British schome must bear in mind that tlioro should bo no zollveroin. There was no oommon tariff in tho United King dom in tho first 30 or 40 years of tho present century, aud yet tho confederation of tho three kingdoms wa3 completo. Thero is now only tho ghost of a kriegsverein in Gormany, whore tho will of tlio emperor in matters affecting war or peace is Buprcme. Lord Salisbury has nn idea that the schemo of confederation must include somo oommon control of a foreign polloy, hot thore is nothing of that sort provided for in the British Constitution, the Queen being theoretically as supremo as tho German Emperor himsolf. It does not require muoh retrospection to look at what was done by a Liberal Govornment in tho matter of the bombardmont of Alexandria. Tho President of tho French Republic has no power in suoh matters, but when he wants it ho takes it, nnd ail tlio French little wars agaiiiBt Madagascar, TunisaiidTonquin wore entered upon In defiance of constitutional safeguards. If tho framorsof tho " schemo " Bud any difficulty about ontrolling foreign policy tlioy can loave it alone. The confederation of tho Britisii Empire must bo loft to grow, as every constitution that is likely to last lias done and must do. The zol- vorein part of tho business nood not bo elaborate. Every separata community must have the liberty wliioh is enjoyed by overy town on tho European Continent of fixing its own " octroi," which i3 only another word for tariff. Tho quostion of confederation can never bo settled by a schemo. Tho census returns of tho United Kingdom reveal tho fact that tho largo towns are not growing so fast as they did 40 or 50 years ago. Thero is an increase still, but the rate has been undergoing a steady diminution at each suo- oossivo deoado, and tho falling off was nevar so great as it has been sinoe 1881. Tho 28 great towns upon which tho Registrar-General bases liis annual estimate of tho birth and doatli rates were oxpcctcd to Bhow nn increase of a million nnd a half, whereas it has been only a round million. In other words, the Inorease has been only two-thirds of tho anticipated figures. Tlio notual shortcoming, however, has not been so great as it seems to havo been. Tho towns have been losing population at their centres, and havo been laying It on outside. Wlion a family loaves a city for its suburbs the disparity is doubled, and where tho suburbs aro outside tho range of tho enumerators tho town is certainly unfairly dealt with. Liverpool, "cabined, cribbed, con fined," seems to havo grown downwards, but thoso who know the plnco rofuso to beliovo the figures. The faot is that overy Improvement within tho bounds involvos a clearance, but tlio removals do not indioato a decrease, as thorp Iras merely boon a shifting of density. Not only is thoro n transfer of population from tho oontro to tlio ciroumfercnee, but tlio oircttmfer- onoo itself is expanding, while the oity boundaries remain fixed. Although this explanation will not account for the wholo of the ohango that has been going oil, it will go far towards bringing to a balance tlio conflicting infiuonaos which aro at work. Wherever there Is a rapid rate of progress thoro io a oonstant tendency to rcvort to a normal averago — a tendency whioh prevails in town and country alike. This unpleasant fact camo upon tho citjzous of the United States at their last consira like tho shock of an earth quake. At first thqy would not bolievo it, and thoy blamod thoir enumerators for playing into' the hands of a political faction. They sought to mako it appear that distriots inimical to tho Government wero de liberately underrated, with a view to a reduc tion in tho number qf thoir representatives. But even if the churgo could bo sustained it would not acoount for tlio reduction in tho general total, for the dishonest purpose of reducing tlio strength of opponents would provide its own compensation in tho desire to augment tho numbers in the distriots whioh were sup posed to bo loyal. If there had been triokery of this Bort it would oortainly have been found out, but thore is no collateral evidence in support of tho suspicion. Throughout tho world thero is a tendenoy to equalisation. Excep tional progress is the result of favorable ofroum- stancos ; but waste lands becomo occupied, mineral wealth is abstracted and loss remnins to tompt adventurers, Tlio prizos are distri buted among an increasing circle of competitors, and tlio lucky few beoomo fewer relatively to tho increasing number of the dcawors of blanks. Everything Iras n tendency to sink to a dead level of uniformity, although that lovol ma y novec bo actually reached. Tho exceptionally favorable oircumstanccs uro apt to beoomo less obvious or disappear— tlio progress of levolling is slow, hut inavitaijlo. A hundred years of steady good fortuno may appoar to give promiso of a permanenoy, but the succeeding hundred is sure to bo at a slower rate, although the pro gress may still be satisfactory. Fluctuations of progress may bo duo to an other cnuse — the wiso or unwise application of tlio prinoiplos of political economy. There is nottiing intrinsically right or wroug In tho theories of proteotlon and free-trade, but thoy may bo misapplied. Obstinate reliance upon tho ono or tho other Is likely to end in disap pointment, and that whioh is Inexpedient at ono timo may be tho right thing to do at another. Tho prevalent idea is that the policy of a town or a oountry should bo based exclusively on ono of tlio two theories, hut that is a mistake. Free-trade and proteotlon make a very good mixture provided tlioy nro juilioiously blended, and this is moro frequently dono than may bo imaginod. Free traders in theory are very often protectionists in practice, whilo protectionists do a great deal more freo-trado than thoy get oredit for— tho proteotion they advocate having for its object tho plaoing of their country on equal terms with ' an honorablo rival. The qdvooato of ono theory exclusively Is usually unconscious of tho ab surdity of liis position wlion ho assumes that It is of univerol applicability. Mr. Cobdcn and liis disciples imoglnqd that manufacturing industries wore capable of unlimited expansion, and tlint Englaud had nothing to dp but to go on producing cottons and pig iron in tlio full certainty that tlio rest of tlio world would nover tiro of purchasing thorn, or exchanging bread- stuffs for all that could bo thrown ou the market. Tho result was that at many of the manufacturing centres they very soon got to tho end of their tothor, nnd it is to this faot thnt tho slow progress mado by many of tho towns during tho last ten years must bo attributed. Produotion is far in.exaess of tho foroign demand, and tho only remedy for tho dulnos8 of trado is to oxtond proteotion to the agricultural industries, whereby the masses employed on farms may onco moro beoomo ons- tomcrs of tho manufacturers, nnd thus stimu late tlio homo trade to compensate for the falling off in tho foreign. 