FOR THE DEFENCE. A REALISTIC AND SENSATIONAL STORY OF HUM.AN NATURE. BY B. L. FARJEON. Author of "Great Porter Square," "Set in a Silver Sea/' "Grif," " Toe House ofWhite Shadows," 11 The Blood White Rose/' &c.; CHAPTER I. MRS. TREGABT1N GIVES HER EVIDENCE. I . " CALL Emily Tregariin." The witness, a woman with a pleasant face, of about forty-five years of age, decently dressed, stepped into the box, and was sworn. " Your name is Emily Tregariin ?" " Yes, sir, it is." " You are a married woman ?" " I am, sir. My husband is a gar dener." " Where do you reside." " At No. 4, Love Lane." " Have you any family." " One little boy, sir. Jimmy." " How far is your cottage from Brent inghara Forest ?" " About three-quarters of a mile." " How far from Rocky Reaches ?" " About a mile, perhaps." \- " In the same direction as the forest ?" "No, sir; the other way." " Is Brentingham Forest very woody ?" "Very thick with trees, sir. i " A lonely spot ?" "Yes, sir, except for picnics." " Are many picnics held there ?" " Not many, sir." ""What kind of place is Rocky Reaches ?" "Nothing but rocks and bits of sea. We catch crabs there." . ,, Is the water in parts deep and ; dangerous?" " In a good many parts. It ain't safe to.bathe anywhere out df your depth." Do you remember the night of the 35th May t" The witness did not reply immediately, and the question was repeated, with the remark, " You 8re here in the interests of truth, Mrs. Tregariin. Speak frankly." Witness: "I remember the night well, «ir."u " Was It a stormy night ?" "Very stormy. My hasbahd said it was blowing great guns." . "Jnsuch weather, according to your terperience, would Rocky Reaches tie es peaallydangerous ?" j " Ves, sir, it would-all the water in a .passioa iik6-boiling over the rocks, and miffing up dreadful. '; know the prisoner?" (It was observed that at this fitst di rect "reference to the unfortunate young "Creature In the dock, the witness gazed at her with tender interest and sym ^"SlLw long have you been acquainted with her ?" "Sincethe first week in December." "Can jyra flic the precise date ?" " No, sir, It was on a Tuesday." , "It was,*hen, on the Tuesday in the first ..week in December that you first sawher?" Yes^sir." .,. 'J Having never seen her before ?' /'?"Never, sir?" ;; ; ,'V And having had no previous know ledge of her ?" ?Jy sir." "Tell {he court what happened on . first.jnsit." «Po/yoU mean what passed between us, tjjft" ,? .. came to our cottage when there mat nobody but me at home, and asked if I'hada bedroom to let. We had a rtodm^mptythat my husband's mother , usedtooccupy j she.wps dead a fort night when the young lady came " '"^Meaning thaprisoner?" '.'Yes, sir. And He "funeral had put ttfcta e hit of. expense besides black .;c}othes' for me and cay husband and Jimmy. So whqp the young lady asked me if Hiad a room, to let I thought of that one, and that it would be a good Opportunity to turn an honest penny. But I didn't like to let it without my husband's consent, and I told the young \- lady so. She. asked where my husband ' ' was, iand I said at work, and that he Would be home about six. Then she asked whether she might stop till he s «ame home, and I said-yes." "At what hour of the day did this mkMctr "About three in the afternoon." "G*bn." ? » j"She'«at do«rn quite quiet by the window, and looked out, without speak ? . jing a word. There was snow in the air, ' presently it began to fall-not very ? thickat first, but I soon saw we were in \- for a storm. All this while the young ' lady kept by. the window, hardly moving; ; .I .<couJdn't see her face, though I knew it was sweet and pretty. I caught a glimpse of4twhen she first came to the cottage door." ; "Did she wear a veil ?" , " Yes, 6ir;and when she asked about . the room she didn't lift it, but the wind . caught jtonce, and it was then I saw her ; face. At a little past four Jimmy came ' home from school, and the youny lady started up, thinking it might be my husband; but seeing my little boy she seit down again by the window. Tea wasall ready for him, and we were having it together when I thought it was cruel for me to let -the young |ady sit there all alone like, and as if she hadn't a friend in the world. I'm sure she . looked like it, and I'd been wondering a good deal about her. So I went to her and asked her if she wouldn't take a cup of tea. She didn't answer mo, and didn't as much as look up, and I laid J my hand on her shoulder and said, ' Come, my dear lady, you must be faint; a cup of hot tea will do you no harm, and you're heartily welcome.' And still she didn't answer me; but I heard something like a sob, and bending down I saw that she was crying. I made no more ado, but ,1 took her to the bed room, and took off her hat and veil, and bathed her face, and said, 1 Come along now and make yourself comfortable.' She thanked me in a low voice that went straight to my heart, it was so like a little child speaking. I persuaded her to drink two cups of tea, but she couldn't eat; she said she wasn't hungry, but I saw that she couldn't gel the bread and butter down, and that made me pity her more and more. The snow was falling very thick by this time, and after tea she asked me whether she might go back to the window, and I said, yes, of course she might; and she went and sat there till it got quite dark, never speaking a word all the time. I know sorrow when I see it, sir, and I saw it then; and I know goodness when I see it, and I was sure she was good. It was clear enough to me that she was in some trouble, and I wished I could help her, but I didn't ask her any questions. I let her have her way; its always best. At 7 o'clock my husband came home, and then the young lady rose and looked at him, entreating him like. I didn't give him time to make any remarks. ' I want to speak to you,' I said, and I took him and Jimmy out of the room, and told him all I knew. He didn't say anything at first, but turned the thing over in his mind-a way he's got when there's anything particular to be decided-and then" he said he didn't care to have a stranger with us, and that, though the funeral and black clothes had cost us a bit of money, we bad paid for them and didn't owe anybody a farthing. That was true, and I couldn't dispute it. My husband's a good chap, but he's got a will of his own, and if you want him to stick to anjrthing all you've got to do is to contradict him. I took care not to, though my heart was bleeding for the poor young lady. Out he went to her, and told her he was sorry, but we didn't have a room to spare. She listened quite humbly, and said, without a murmur,. Thank you; then I must go away.' He had brought her hat and mantle Irom the bedroom, and she put them on. Then she took out her purse, and put a shilling on the table. ' What's that for?' asked my man. 'For the tea,' answered the young lady, 'your good wife was kind enough to give me.' 'LordI' I said, with a lump in my throat,' she didn't take a bite.' . You re welcome to a cup of tea,' said my husband, putting the shilling back in her hand;' we can't take money for that' She went to the door and opened it, and the snow came driving in.' She fell back just as if she'd received a blow, but she straightened herself directly, and saying very sweetly, 'Good-night,'was going out when my husband caught her by the arm. ' Are you going to your friends f he asked. ' I haven't any,' she an swered. 'Where are you off to, then?'he" asked. 'I don't know,' she answered. I couldn't speak; my tears were choking me. ' Do you mean to tell me you've no place to go to ?' asked my husband. 'None,' she said. Nor any place to sleep in ?' ' None. It's the first time I've been in this part of the country.' My man stared at this, as well he might ' Where do you come from ?' he asked. ' A long, long way from here,' she answered, oh, so wearily I ' Fifty miles ?' ' More than that.' ' A hundred ?' ' Yes, I think so. Please,' she said, raising her face to him, but I'm sure she couldn't see his for the tears in her eyes, ' don't ask me any more questions. I'm tired and weak ; let me go.' ' No, I'm hanged if you shall,' said my man. ' You can 6top here to-night, and we'll talk about it to-morrow. I wouldn't turn a cat out on such a night' Upon that the young lady broke down, and began to cry, so that my husband went away, saying, ' Mother, look alter the child,' and I took her in my arms, and did what I could to comfort her. She was 60 young, sir, and stemed so lonely." The Judge: "Take a little time, Mrs. Tregartin. It is nothing to your dis credit that you should be 'agitated." After a pause of a few minutes, during which all eyes but those of the Judge and the counsel for the prosecution and the defence were fixed upon the prisoner -who, from the moment she was brought into the court, had not raised her head -the examination of the witness was re sumed : "The prisoner remained with you that night ?" " Yes, sir j and the next morning she was so ill that I saw it would be danger ous for her to get up. So I made her keep her bed, and asked her if I should send for a doctor. She was so frightened at the idea of seeing a stranger that I did not insist upon it, but nursed her myself, and in a few days she was well enough to gst about the house." "And then?" . " My husband consented to let her re main with us, and she agreed to pay twelve shillings a week for board and lodging." " She lived with you till she was ar rested ?" " Yes, sir." " Sleeping in your cottage every night ?" " Every night, with one exception." " We will come to that in due time. Did she seem to have plenty of money ?*' " £ don't know about that, sir. She paid regularly, always two weeks in ad vance." "Now, for the first month she was with you, did you have any suspicion of her condition ?" "I may have had, but I didn't say anything to her or anybody. After all, I thought, I might be mistaken. We got very fond of her, sir," " I will not press the question. How did she occupy her time during that month ?" " bomctimes she read, sometimes she wrote." " Letters ?" " Yes, sir." " To whom ?" "I don't know, sir." " Who posted those letters ?" " Tlie young lady herself." " Did she never give you any to post for her ?" " Never." " Do you know to whom they were ad dressed. "No, sir." " Then you cannot say whether they were addressed to more than one per son ?" "No, sir." " When she wrote her,letters were you at any time present ?" " Never." " She wrote them in her own room ?" " Yes, sir." " Taking care she was alone ?" " It does seem like it, sir." " You understand that we are now confining ourselves to the first month of her living with you f" " Yes, sir." " We will get beyond that time pres ently. During the period of which we are speaking did any letters for the pri soner arrive at your house ?" " None, sir." " Not one ?'' " Not one." " Did she receive any addressed to her elsewhere-at the village post-office, for instance ?" " I don't know tar certain. I oughtn't to say anything I'm not sure of." "Quite right. I may take it, then; that you have no positive knowledge of her receiving any letters addressed to her elsewhere ?" " I don't know anything about it for certain." " All through that month did she do nothing but read and write letters ?" "Oh, yes, sir j she did some work." " Needlework ?" "Yes, sir." " For herself?" " And for me as well. She would, come down and say, ' Mrs. Tregartin give me something to do, please.' And if there was any mending to do she'd insist upon doing it for me. She made me some aprons, and kept Jimmy's clothes in nice order, and my husband's, too. Sometimes she'd ask ine to let her help me in the cooking, and I couldn't refuse her, though she wasn't much of a cook." " Did it appear to you that she was a person accustomed to household work ?" " Not at all, sir. She is a lady born and bred, and educated as such. We've got four pictures she painted for us hang ing in the room. They're beautiful, and tny h usband t hinks all the world of them." " Adhere did she obtain the painting materials ?" " She ordered them in the village, and they sent for them for her." " What are the subjects of the nain tings ?" " There are two pictures of Brenting ham Forest, and two of Rocky Reaches. I never saw anything like them. You'd I think you were in the places themselves." j " Did she do anything else for you ?" " She taught Jimmy of an evening, and he got along better with her than he did at school." I " IVhere did she keep her needlework and other things belonging to her f" "In a box she bought in the village. She brought nothing with her when she came to us, and she had to buy every thingshe wanted." " She kept this box locked "Yes, sir." " When did she tell you her name was Mary Lee ?" " On the day she agreed to pay twelve shillings a week for her board and lodging." " Did you give her a receipt for the money ?" " Yes, sir." "Did she inform you of her own accord that her name was Mary Lee ?" i " It came out in this way, sir. When ' I wrote out the first receipt I wanted to put her name in, and I asked what it was." "Didshe reply immediately, or did she seem to hesitate before she ans wared ?" " Well, sir, she scorned to hesitate a little." " &.t the time did you think this rather strange ?" "I didn't think much about it, sir." " Did any person call to see her at your house? Keep within the limit of the month." " No one, sir, all that time," " She was an entire stranger in the village, and quite alone " Yes, sir." " Did it strike you as singular that a laiy so well bred should voluntarily J choose to live in a part of the country where she was so entirely friendless and unknown. I " It did at limes, sir, and I don't mind ' saying I was curious about her. But I said to myself she has gone through some I great trouble, and I won't make it worse | by being inquisitive; perhaps one day she will open her heart to me. Nobody I can call me a busy-body, sir." " All the better for you. You saw she had gone through some great trouble?" " That was what I thought." " Was she at any time light-hearted or cheerful ?" " Neither one nor t'other, sir. She was always very, very quiet, and I scarcely ever saw her smile." " The paintings she made for you of views in Brentingham Forest and of Rocky Reaches-were they done in your house?" " Oh, no, sir. She went to the places themselves, and painted them there." Did she go to those places frequently?" " Many and many a day she d spend hours and hours there." " Did anyone accompany her ?" " No one, sir. Jimmy was at school, my husband was at work, and I had enough to do in the house." " She went alone ?" " Yes, sir. Only once, at the end of the month we've been speaking of " " Don't stop. We will proceed now with what occurred after that time* Once at the end of a month-what hap pened then?" " She had been out all day, and when Jimmy came home I sent him to look for her. He was gone a long time, and it was six o'clock before they came back together." " Did you notice anything unusual -in her appearance ?" " She was white as a ghost, aud trem bling like a leaf." " Anything else ?" " Her clothes were quite wet." " Where did your son say ho found i her ?" I " At Rocky Reaches." " Did she account for her condition ?"' "She said she had fallen into the water." " Did you believe she spoke the Iruth ?" " I don't know how to answer you, sir. I was distressed about her, and when I'd put her to bed I said : ' My dear, I wish : you'd let me write to your friends to come ; to you.'" " What was her reply ?" "She cried, 'No, no! For God's sate, no 1 " When you heard that you knew she was suffering ?" " I knew it all the time, poor soul 1" " But her words then particularly im pressed you ?' " Yes, they did. " Was she ill after that ?" " Very ill, sir. She didn't leave her bed for two or three weeks." " What was her ailment t" " She had brain fever." " You called a doctor in?" " Yes, sir, Dr. Martin." " Did he declare her to be in danger ?" " He said there was danger, and that if she got worse her friends ought to be written to." Was that remark made in the priso ner's room while she was in bed ?" " It was, sir. " Did she hear it ?" " I can't say, sir. She was lying with her eyes closed." " Was she awake at the time ?" " I can't tell you that for certain cither, sir." " From what transpired after the doc tor's departure, did you think it probable that the prisoner must have been sensible while the doctor was speaking, and that she understood what he said ?" " It almost looked like it, sir." " Describe what made it look like it" " Thinking the young lady was asleep I left the room to get my husband's tea ready, and I was downstairs for an hour and more. When I went upstairs again I noticed that some paper; had been burnt while I was away; the ashes were in the grate, and no one else could have done it but the poor lady who was lying almost at death's door." " The presumption is that, during your absence, she destroyed all written evi dence in her possession which would have led to her friends being sent for ?" " I thought so, sir." One question respecting her visits to Brentingham Forest and Rocky Reaches, and especially as to her visit to the latter place on the day in question. _ Were you aware that she was in the habit of meet ing any person there ?'' " I was not, sir." " It might have been ?" " Certainly it might have been." " Now, during the period that Dr. Martin was attending the prisoner in this illness, did he make a particular communication to you ?" " He did, sir." " He asked you first an i nporlatit question ?" " Yes, sir. " What was it ?" " Whether the poor lady was married. I said I did not know." " And afterwards he made the com munication to you ?" " Yes, sir." " What did you say to him ?" " I begged him not to mention it to anyone else, and he promised he wouldn't unless it was necessary." " Did you yourself mention it to any person ?" " Not while the poor lady was ill." " Not even to your husband ?" " No, sir.'' "You waited till the prisoner got well?" " Yes, sir." " And then ?" " I told her, as gently as I could, what the doctor said." " How did she receive the disclosure ?" " She burst into tears, and begged me to keep her secret. I said it was a secret that could not be kept very long. 'Promise me,' she begged, 'that you will say nothing to anybody for a week.' I promised her at once, and she thanked me again and again, and kept kissing my hand. It madi me ashamed. She went about the house, after that, quieter than ever, and with a face so full of grief that it almost broke my heart to look at her* Hers was ; she told me so. * Cheer up, my dear,' I said to her j ' you'll get over your trouble, and every thing will come right There are happy days in store for you yet.' 1 Never, never, never!' she sobbed. ' There is no happi ness in this world for me. My heart is broken 1'" These pathetic words, spoken with intense feeling by a witness - whose sym pathies were so entirely with the uirfor tunate prisoner against whom she was probably giving fatal evidence, deeply affected every person who heard them. Especially was this noticeable in the counsel for the defence, whose agitation «ras visible to all. It being now live o'clock, the court adjourned. (To be Continued.) 