2\. a _u & T o h + i jEk imfi Its St. Eatherine's by the Tower. liv Waltku Besant. Ci!ai'ii:l; YIII.-EVIL EYE AND EVIL lib ART. Xow ti:u have besrJ «ll— even Sjlvii's own oon Jp;sion, or nn:-r=!tivp. of what happened to her. Yon have soc-n Low tbi-i (-!ra;ijre and mysterious event flfiVcff-d us all, from a reverend Prebendary of St. Pain's to tun simple inhabitants of the Precinct. It v.n.s a ihin^ to strike the imagination of all alike, be ftii.-o them is no niau or woman so humble or so rude 1'iit can understand such, a story of iovc thuscro«sed. I have toid you bow their tongues wagged, inventing this Hnd ihst reason ; bow they recalled the fate of Captain Easierbronk of Deptford, about thirty years before, and compared it with the niisViHp that bai just bei'itlion George Bayssallance. The. former had grievouflj1 iDJurod and deceived a woman, who inost t-oloiuuly Jiiiiircr-Hr-il Divine wriith vpcm bor iali=e Jov r; bul it whr never pretended that George had ir.i urrd unv wmium, lu:iM:ot all t'lnwoujan beloved con (?tiintly. ('icn Cai.tam Easteibiook there was laid a imitsh i.ir liisdpeii: but upon George, as honest and Gi.idUMrinsr young man as couid be found, there was in-vor any citso. ( );)i.' ihiui; i-..'mrt!ns to be to'd. I have kppt it to the lasi bi-iausG 1 would not have my l cade's think thm L fittMch toj much importance to the fact. 'Ihetliinsrs which, followed, however, do eeem sitan-iely to tit in wiiii ibri vi*e woman's words. At the mine time, it \v,;s fix yen is »nd men* afier liie events fhit she un fci'ded to mo Ihe story which, nccnroiug to ) er, ex plains and unravels the whole mystery. Acording to \\-.- r, ihcin was witchcraft, and that of a very strnnge kin..!, most uncommon in this country, wt-pre cvmi if men or women possess mcb po*er diubn.ij they are im.oraut of it, and ihereiore practise it only uncon sciously. M-irgwry II abbi jam, that SolomoD of her sfx, was pittinir alone one evening in her armchair beside the lire, n-u^ for il:o night, her pipe, alight and between her lip-, rc-iidv to receive any who might call. But this owning rhe. expected no o:io, because the night *-v;is cod and wet, wiih a .driving wind — a night when the u.ost anxious inquirer into the future would villiiiirir slay at honii1. Her greasy old pack of cards lrty fiii ihc grt'iisy tabi-», s-tiineiL with beer, rum, and i know not what. A box containing herbs also stood upon the table, and ehe-h-id some herbs in her lap. 'J!if- fiutrr shutrpr wns up, and across the window vi bin was naili-d a Hind which wanted washing. Truth to tell, the dame's room was tione of the rleancst. The kettle was sinking en the hob— but not fiir tea, I promise you. As some, lidies love tee, so fbi.* goud old lady lovtd another kind of infusion or inixiine. The door was shut : but a string tied to the 1-iichet wns conducted round the room, and hung vit'uin reach of her band. It was nearly 9 o'clock ; the court wes -iuii_'t ; most of the people were gone to bi'c!. ' . . Suddenly she sdarled and ?n\ uptight, listening. Slie heard a .step i:: tho court— an uncertain nt p, as of one who hesitated, or knew not the way— perhaps a stealthy step. The old woman kr e-v this kind of htep wt-11 : it was ibat of one who c ?mn to seek her counsel, or to learn the future, but was a«h«nitii of his desire, and anxious that no i;:i« should see him coming thus to f-;npii'.1 a vulgar oracle. Many euch steps the heard i.-j«-.;(?o her door. Xow it would be a young girl, to ::?k about htr Iovor. if ho truly loved her, if lie would I-1 constant, nwi uliat ^he should do tj fix his uffec ti.ir.s. Now it wmi'u be a young man, ni-kinp similar ri'ifi'ior.s fibiiut himsflf «n-l his g rl. Now, again, it w.vu'J ! e c-.-cn a solM merchant, usking about the H.-i'i ty of bis f-hin or th* prospects of his new venture. Mn-i fit lii-r inquirers rame alter uark, walking slowlr, 1 -.-i!-itiii2r. asfcamtd. But tlryal! slopped at last be lui'fi Lor dour. Mnrt'cry reached out her band and pnlled the stricg. 1}:e latc-hct vjis \rt;n-i, anJ ibe wind blew open the ??('.nor. '' Comip in,' £pid =ho. ' Conse in quickly and shut the door.' At the door stood a man wrapped in a cloak thrown over his choulders : his throat was muffled up, and over one eya was a blick patch. There is nothing un usuhI in wearing a cloak on a winter evening, nor in muffling up the throat when the wind is coid and the sleet is driving. And, in these days of fighting in the streets with fists and cudgels, it is certainly not un common to see a man with a patch over his eye. Yet all these things together suggest a desire for conceal ment. Dame Margery knew the signs. Those who (nme for the first time always endeavoured to disguise themselves. '? Come in,' she repeated. ' Shut the door and tell me wha; you want,' ?^ At the door stood a man I ilichard Archerj wrapped in a cloak thrown over his shoulders; his thro.it was nuMHcd up, and over one eye was a black patch. — Chavtek Y11I. She glanced lit him with Beeming carelessness ; then she took up her pipe again, and puffed tbe smoke of it in clouds. ' I came,' the man began : ' I cane,' he repeated, and then stopped. '* Why don't you say what you want ? There is no one here but me.'' ' It you have the power which you pretend ? ' But he i- topped ag-aiu. ' Let me look at you again. Closer, closer. Stoop do*n.' j-he clutched the candle, pushed back the man's hat, which fell upon the table, looked into his one eye and info his face.' ' f know,' she said presently, ' why you have come here. I can tell you that, and I can tell you more.' 'If you can only tell me what I know already, I may «s well go away.' ' Yery well, if jou think you will get nothing more you can go away.' The man hesitated. ' What were you going to tell me?' he asked. ' I was going to tell you that you hate a man — per- haps more than one man— and that you love a woman. You hate the man partly on account of the woman, partly for other reasons. You hate many men — you are angry with fortune— you are discontented.' 'flow did you find that outr' he asked, not apparently displeased to hear these solid truths. ' I read these things in your eye and in your face.' ' Weil, suppose they are true r' ' You would do one man, at least, a mischief, and you would make that woman love you if you can.' '♦ That is right, Gamtjier ; quite right. You have guessed truly;' he laughed, and rubbed his hands. ' I would do both these things. Give me the power. I am not rich, but I will scrape some money together. Come.' ' I don't sell these things,' she Baid, taking up her pipe, and leaning back in her chair. ' Come. You can sell them, if you please, and nobody will know. I live ' — he looked very cunning then — ' three miles away. Over there — Charing Cross way. No one will ever find out.' ' I will not sell you that power,' she said ; but give me five shillings and I will tell you something tbat you don't know. Oh ! if you are dissatisfied afterwards you shall have back your live shillings. Lav them on the table.' The fellow lugged out his purse ; there was not much in it, and found the money, which he laid on the table between them. ' Now,' said he, ' give me my crown's worth.' ' Why,' she said, ' I think jou will confess that you have got more than your crown's worth. You come here for some charm or spell that will give you tbe power to do mischief to a certain man.' ' Yes ; and to get power over a woman.' ' Power you shall have. As for love, I cannot say. Maids' hearts are fickle things. But as for power, that you shall have, and plenty.' *? How shull I have it, ? Do you sell it ? Is it a charm or a piece of paper, or a prayer read backwards i* Do you w«nt me to sell my eoul 'r' | '?No— no -it is none of thesn thing*. Man alive! I You liive ihe po*er alreiiiv, and you kumv it nor.' ! ?? How c*n 1 have ic and not know it r' ' Did you never hear of the Evil Eye'r'' ' What is that?' ' I will tell you. Very few peop'e in this country know about the livil Eye -and it is raretoiindit — though in foreign parts I have been told everybody known of ir, and it is common. The man who his the Evil Eye brings t-orrow upon hII he love.», disaster upon all his friende, mi-ery upon all who trust him, bnd luck to nil who deal with him. It is a terrible misfortune to have the livil Eye. Sometimes it happens to good and pious m n. Then, it is said, the ^orrowr that follows in his lootsteps becomes repentance for sin, and so his Evil Kye is turned into a blessing;. When livil Eye joiiif with Evil Heart, as is commonly the case, woe to the fiiends of such a man ! Woe to tbe woman who loves him ! ' ' This h old wives' talk — I cannot part with a crown so easily.' He 1-nd his baud upon the money, but he did n'lt'take it up. ' Very well, master ; but I have not done yet. Your crown*6 worth is coming.' ' Let it come, then.' ' Why, then, what do \ou say to this ? ' You've got the Evil Eye your.elf ! '' He started, and changed colour. ' No — no,' he said. ' Jt is nonsense ; there is no such thing.' '? I wi.l prove it to you. Consider, you are twoand twenty-vears of aye. by that time every man has been in love. What became of the girl who loved you a year ago ?' He changed colour, and made no reply. ' What became of her?' the old woman repeated. ' She took smallpox,' he roplied, unwillingly. ' The Evil li\e. Then j-ou deserted her.' ' What if I did ? She had lost her looks.' i ' Ihe Evil Err. That brought her this misery. Sho ! drowned herself.' '? What, if she did V ' ' The Lvil Eye. It followed her. Again, you had a friend once -only once— lieeuuse most people shrink from you by instinct. One friend you had — where is he { nw 'i ' ' I '? [Ie is in r risen for debt. DM I putbim there r' ' ' The Evil Eye. You have a mother. Wnat hap pened to her when you were born 'i ' The man swore a deep oath for reply. ' The Evil Eye. Never doubt it, man. Doubt vrtat else you please, but never doubt that you have the LvsJ Eye.' The man was staggered ; he had received more thin he expected. He came in the wicked hope of getting on1? of those charms which work mischief ; he did not get i hat, but he got more. He was staggered— he looked amazed. Then he tried to carry it off with a laugh. 'Evil Eye! Evil Eye!' he said. ''What non sense is this ? Why not the Evil Hand ? ' ' Why not?' the old woman repealed. 'Why not ? You have that as well i f you like.' ' Come, Gammer : we no more make our eyes th*n our leg?. 1 can't afford five shillings for being toid n cock- and-bull. Keep such tales for the women.' ' Nay,' she said, '? you know it is true ; you feel if. Well, master, that is all. A man who has the Evil Eye wants no witch. He is a wizard or warlock by birtb. Why come to me then ? You are more powerful thau any poor old wise woman.' ' How ? ' he asked rfbtle.'Ely. '? Wnat do you waut, 1 say, with a witch ? I can do nothing for you. Ail you want you can have if you choose. The Evil Eye, with one 'other thing which 1 am sure you have as 'well ? ' ' VV hat is that ?' he interrupted eagerly. ' The Evil Heart, young man; if you have the Evil Heart as well as the Evil Eye, you will go far.' The man opened his ruouth and gasped. ' Poison berries kill because it. is ite nature of the plant. Y'ou can scatter mischief about because ii in your nature. iieinff such as you are, (Be power of doing mischief is in your hands -or in your Eye.' ' if I thought that— but you talk wild,' he said, irresolutely. ' 1 never talk wild.' ''Then tell me more- tell me more. If I have this power, how am I to use it ? ' He threw off his cl -ak, pulled the muflior from his Deck, aud tore the black patch from his eye, impatient of disguise or concealment. He now presented the appearance of a man still in early manhood. He had black hair, tied behind, but not powdered. His face, was in no way remarkable except that it was not at all tho face of. a common man, but might have been that of some great lord for the elrange pride of it. He wore a plain brown coat, and waistcoat of drab cloth, sober and simple, without lace ; hisetorkings were of worsted and his buckles steel. His eyes— those ey-:e in which tbe old woman thought she read that terrible quality called Evil— were bright and piercing, they never rested for a moment, glancing about while the man s-tnod, spake, or listened. Never have I steu eyes stranger, mure iest less, or brighter. ' Tell me howl may use the power,' he repealed. ' Tell me— teach me — and I will pay you hsndsuinely. as soon as I get any money. 1 will icrwpH and savp. I want all the power— all the power I can get. I .iru fatuiehing lor power.' ' ' Na, na, hoy the man tulks! Should I sell you t'liis i-ecret ? Why you may go murderiuj? wiili it, im-.i never be discovered. Xot ko, master. it, is tu(ficiwii, for iue to know it. Find out for your.* If.' ' 1'ell— rue,' he said, ' 1 order you to tell me. If I truly have tbe Evil Eye and ihe Evil Heart— if i have this powur— I will drag it from jou.' The wise woman lifted her face, und mp.i- his evor--. But before them her own dropped. She bent her head. She was overcome. *? I will tell you,' she said, reluctantly. 'If yo« want evil to happen, order it to happen.' Order it. m your own mind. No need of worde. No one should hpar ; no one f-hould suspect : no one should ever know. If you will it— the thing shall happen.' ' Yes-jes— if I will it— it 1 counuiind it.' ' -No man can have this power without a prico.' ' What price 'r1 What price great enough for power ? Why, old woman, I was born for powet, and it wh.h 6natched from me at the moment of my birth. I'owt-r i* 1 have dreamed of po«er all uiy life. Give me power . Why, I am a slave, because 1 am poor. No slave in tbe world more in slavery than nivfelf. Give iue power — give me power— at any price.' ' If is a tetriUe price to pay. It is this— whatsoever mischief you cimpass for another, that shall fall upon yourself, in equal measure. If it be murder, then thall you be murdered in your turn.' ?? If 1 have a loiig rop — wbat matters how I die !-' ' If it is a gaol, thf-n thall you, too, be n'a.-p-d in pri-on. If it be loss of fortune, tht-n shall you tie ruined; if it be loss of love, then ehall jou, too, loa-1 love; i: it be disgrace, then you, too, shall be disgraced.' '?Oh! Price- the price! What is ail ihi-4 stull'r SufTicient for me if I have the power. As fov ilw nun 1 hate, they shallfeel it. Asfor the woman I love ? ' '? 1 taid that you would do mischief.' '?It would be mischief enough, if you are right, l«- cause any- woman to love mo.' 'Yet you cannot compel love or any good tbi::p: at Margery Habbjjam bustled about and mixed some grog for Jack.— Chapter VIII. all. All that you can do by means of your Evil Eye and your Kvil Heart is mischief. But, remember, there is the price (o pay. Always the price. Never forget the price.' ' Ho, ho ! The price ! As if I believed in the prise !' Strange ! This man who was ready to believe in the Evil Eye and in -he power of the Evil Heart, and the Kvil Eye would net believe in the certain retribution which was to follow. Thus wonderfully are a\en made ! Thus are they suffered to run into their destruction ,' The old woman, when she told me all this, said, further, that she cou'.d not choose but tell the mm when he commanded her. Such was the force of his will though he knew it not. She went on to maintain that this knowledge, and nothing else, was the cause of all that followed. For my own part, I think that the supposed knowledge had nothing- to do with it, that the Evil Eye dots not, and cannot exist, and that such powers have never been conferred upon any mortal, even with such a price attached to them as a condition. When she had told him all she lifted her head and faced him again. ' I have nothing1 more to tell you,' she said. ' You made me speak. The man who has the Evil Eye and the Evil Heart as well should be taken away and hanged like a dog. He is a devil.' 'Oh! It is good— it is sweet— to have power,' he said. ' To have power 1 must plan and think. You have got nothing else to tell me ?' ' Nothing else.' 'Very well,' he picked up his cloak; 'you can keep the money. What you have told me is a good crown'e worth.' She clutched the live shillings and piacel them in her purse. ' You tell fortunes,' he said, pointing to the cards. 11 Read me my fortune. Oho ! It will be the fortune of a great and powerful man, able to kill and maim all he hates, and to cripple every one who offends him. Read me my fortune, I say.' He sat down again. The old woman took up her pack of cards. 'You are not afraid?' she asked. ''After what you have heard you are not afraid ?' ' I afraid of B\\-rtune ! Why, Fortune has done her worst. I defy her to do worse than she has done. I afraid of Fortune ! I am no more afraid of Fortune than I am afraid of you and your tricks.' The old woman nodded her head and Bhumed her cards. Then — but everybody knows exactly how a fortune-teller handles her cards. Sometimes 'she deals by nines. Then every combination of nine yields part ; of the truth she is seeking. This learned, the makes | other groups of nine. Then she makes combinations ! of three cards, sometimes nf seven cirJs, sometimes of '. the whole pack displayed ia a certain order upon the ' table. For half -an-hour she played with the cards, noting ' in silence this and that, nodding her head, pointing, ] but always in silence, with her forefinger. At last she j picked out certain cards, and reserved them in her j hands, throwing the rest away. j ' This is you,' she said, showing the King uf Spades. ' That is your card. Xow I will tell you what I have learned from the cirds. *' You have been very unfortunate. Misfortune has pursued you from your birth. Your mother is married, yet not married ; she has a husband, yet is a widow. ' The man who should keep her in luxury leaves her in poverty. You are verv poor, who should be rich. You fill a mean station, who should be exalted. You are ambitious, but you can see no way of risins. You are ingenious, and have great parts, but you have neither the education nor the manners for a higher place. You rail at your fate daily, but you are powerless to raise yourself. As for the power which you do possess, it is the power of mischief, and cannot help vou. And. yet a day will come — the signs are clear — when you will possess wealth. It will come to you. There will be wealth and position ; and yet— yet a stranger fortune I never read.' Here she stopped. ' Well ? Go on, What did you see 'r' ' The signs are clear. They have never been clearer. But they ruay turnout wrong. Man ! I haveEeen terrible things. A more tumble fortune I have never read. Best go away and hear no more, and forget what you have learned.' ' Read on— .1 am not afraid.' She held up the five of spades. ' Do you see this card ': You must takfi it for a warnincr, all the things that follow will be caused bv neglecting this caution. Avoid evil designs and plots against the happiness of others, or dreadful things — which I have seen in the cards— shall happen to you.' ' Are you a preacher, or a fortune-teller ? Tell the fortune and leave the preaching to your betters.' ' Very well. I will teli you your fortune. What is this?' She held up the four of diamonds. 'It means a faithless friend and a secret betrayed. You are the traitor and the faithless friend. And this ?' It was the ace of spades. ' This means malice and misfortune — your malice ani the misfortunes of others. ' And this ?' It wag the tray of diamonds. ' Misery brought first upon others by you and next upon your self, by yourself. And this?' It was the ten of clubs. 'This means crime, the prison, and the gibbet. And see — these two cards fall together— the ten of clubs and the ten of spades. The first I have told you. The second — it came with the first— interpret it as you please — the ten of spades with the ten of clubs — the second means wealth, sudden and unexpected. Interpret that as you please. Wealth with prison. Riches with the gallows. Remember — think of the five of spades. Avoid devilish wrongs and dark desigus.' ~\ She gathered up her cards and laid them aside. & He got up and put on his cleak and muffler. ?s.. '?? That Power,' he said. vVill it get me money ?' ^J' No. But money will come,' ' Will it get me love— station— authority ?' 'No. But station will come ; it will get you noth ing but mischief— revenge— and misery.' He put on his hat. ' Since,' he said, ' it will get tae second I care not much about the rest.' He opened the door, stepped out into the court, and was gone. When he was gone, the old woman got up hurriedly, and locked, bolted, and barred her door. ' He is a devil,' she said. ' He is a bom devil. And he shall hang.' Then she went to the foot of the stair and called out, but not very loudly, ' Jack, it is half-past nine. You Cin come down now.' Then slowly descended the narrow staircase an old man. He was older than the woman by ten years or eo, being as much past eighty as she was past 70. His hair was all gone, and his bald pate was covered with ; nu old (briim cap; be had on a thick flannel jacket { Hiich as H«ilors wc-tr. «nd he hud the loose legging* such ! si- sailors wi'ar : hi- io.et. were bare. His f -ice was quite wi«u-', ii- if — which wa- the case-he never went outside the house. Hi* step was feeble ; he But down be'Vire fhe fire and shivered, spreading out his hands hefuro the bars for warmth. In his face, in his car riage, j ou rould clearly real the old sailor. -It is a profession which can nwer be hidden. He looked like the ghost of si sailor— a ghost grown old on the other tii' e of the Styx. * ?' It'- lat», Jnck. liut I've had a visitor. Not a roii'HLil! visitor, but «uch a visitor as doesn't often o.iie. There's oznething about himym'd like to know, Ja-k.' ?' A\ — ay! M«ybe— maybe,'* he replied, feebly'. '? Fir.- 1, you -hall have some grog. The kettle is boiling.'' She buhtled about, got a bottle of rum out of I cr cupboard, a basin of sugar, and too glasses. Thjn s'io proceeded tc brew, first for the old man and llieu lor herself, two ft iff glasses of hot rum and water. Tnuold man drank oif half the contents of the plage. Then he. sat up iu the chair and straightened his back. He dnitik half the remainder. Then he smacked his lips and nodded hin bend. '? Ay — ay,' hn said. ' You were saying, Margery — what mifibt you be siying now ?' His wile— it whb his wife, and this was none other than the man who bad escaped ).he gallows twenty yeara before— took her chair, and began to drink her grog-, . but more slowly. ** The scboiAuiafter h«R been here— the .man called ividund Atelier. He think* I don't know him ; he be lieves 1 never pi -iutsid« the house. Ho! -ho ! I knew him the niuuient he came in. I've looked at him, he- lore and had my suspicions ; but I never knew before the whole truth*. He is a devil, Jack. It was a devil that eat here and went away five minutes ago.' ' A devil was it V Don't bring devils here, Mar gery. We've had enough devils to last bur lives — haven't we f ' 'And whose son is he F Aha, Jack, I haven't told you tuut. I know it, and I nover told you — why 'r it wouid do no good, and he knows nothing of whnt hap pened aboard the Shannon thirty years ago.' ?? . ** Whose ton is he. What d'ye mean, Margery? The Shannon ?' lie looked round here with apprehension, ' 1 thought they had forgotten it by thin time. .Ar« they looking for me again V Don't let them iiud ni«.\ Margery — don't.' ' .Not forgotten nor forgiven, Jack. But no harm will cjrue so long us you keep snug. He's the son of the captain— your captain — the Hon. Stephen Bullace, who's now my Lord Aldeburgh, the man you knocked down on his own quarter-deck.' ? ' I truly did,' tsaid the old man. ' I knocked him down with u belaying pin ; I knocked the sense out of him; and, f-ince 1 had to die for it, I am truly sorry that I didn't knock the life out of him. A man can be hanged bnt once, and if you want to murder a devil and bo hanged for it, better murder him outright and be hanged tor it. Hanging at the yardami is a nasty thing, mind you. Best do something worth the trouble. Not that it hurts bo much as you think— but there's the dangling;, and the feeling for the deck which you can't reach with your feet; and there's the rope about your neck getting tauter, and — ' «' Finish your glass, Jack,' said the wife. 'Yon wasn't hanged after all.' He obeyed. 'No more I was— no more I was,' he said cheerfully ; 'though eometimss I think I really was turned off in the presence of the ship's crew. Well, and so this man's his eon. How can tbe eon of a noble lord be a schoolmaster?' 'Because, don't you see, you old fool yon— his mother wasn't married. If his father was a devil, the son. is a wcise devil.' ' He was a cruel devil, a hard devil, a flogging devii, an unforgiving devil. He thought nothing of six doz.s, nor twelve dozen either. He lashed and flopped ali day long. I've always been sorry I didn't kill him* The pity of it!— the pity of it!' He bho'oJr his head and looked as if he was going to shed tears over the spoiling of a good cause. ' If you and me live, Jack,' said hi s wife, 'you shall see his eon swing at Newgate. If there is any truth in cards, he will die on the gallows. Evil Eye and Evil Heart. He will be hanged.' Both the old man and his wife are dead. Everybody kuo we the truth now. though -for thirty years no one . suspected it. The old man was the sailor'who should have been hanged ; and all the time he was a prisoner in his wile's house. This was the reason why he was tio pale and white; he nsver dared to leave the' house even liy night. This was the reason, too, why vo'ces were sometimes heard in the cottage at night. And (bis wus the reason -why the o'd woman was ? eo good a ? friend to butcher and baker. When he died his w made no bones of confessing the whole. This, then, is exactly what passed between tbe school master and the wise woman. If you consider it carefully you' will remark — first, that the wise woman knew the man as soon as he appeared ; next, that she knew htri history— which was, as you have seen, a particularly unfortunate one. For' there can he no greater misfortune than to be born of a noble parent, heir to a great name and estate, but debarred because there is a doubt as to your mother's marriage. She. knew the raze which devourei his soul; what she pro phesied were the thinzs that would happen should he continue in his evil dispositions. I am well aware that many will tbink thafc.tkis prophecy was that of a witch. For my own part, I 'think, as I said before, that the power of foretelling the*e things came from knowledge, and not from any witchcraft. END OF TART I. (To be mtnttttited.) 