INDIA AND ITS IRRIGA- TION. BY ALFRED DEAKlN. XXX. The PANJAB AND ITS PEOPLE. A more bracing climate, a wilder aspect of nature on Its borders, more Important foreign relations,and its more recent annexation have combined to lend to the Panjab a greater in-. terest than that attaching to tho older pro- vinces perhaps excluding the North-West, with which it is so closely allied. Tho bravery and splrlt of its people, however, has counted for most with the British, who have proved valiantly appreciative of those who were formerly thelr most daring foes. But though the manlier nature of tho people has counted for a good deal in its rapid develop- ment, it must not be inferred on that account that its population escapes from the categories which embrace the whole peninsuia. There is, perhaps, a greator variety of race and more pal- pably contrasted types in tho rest of Bengal, but certainly no more heterogeneity than in the south. Kahmerians and Pathans are more frequently seen than then the Nepalese and Bhutias who descend from the Himalayas to tho eastern districts at their feet, pushing thelr way in pious pilgrimages as far as Banares, or Allahabad, where their long dark hair, large staring eyes, broad muscular frames, and heavy clothing make them conspicuous among the crowds of sleeker skin, lighter physique and shaven cleanliness. Among visitors to the Panjab tho Kashmerians bear moat resemblance to these peoples of the Eastern Hima- layas. Pathans from beyond tho Hindu- Kush being fiercer keener, and more energetic. The Slkhs, themselves a war like race; dashing in appearance, are less wolfish than the wild tribesman of the frontier, who hates the placidity and order Of Civilised life as much he despises tho feebler peoples Of the plain; vowing with the old Pindaree— If I were forty years younger, with my life before me to choos, I wouldn't be lectured by Kafirs, or bullied by fat Hindus ; But I'd go to some far oft country, where Musalmans still are men, Or take to the jungle, like Cheetoo, and dle in the tiger's den. The Brahmans of tho Panjab are less than 1,000,000 in number; while the Rajputs are considerably more than 500,000 ; the Sikhs stand first if reckoned as a caste, but they are only a seventh of tho whole body of 7,000,000 Hindus in tho province, and these again are outnumbered by tho Muhammadans, who muster over 10,000,000, or more than half of the total number of inhabitants, They are the most backward of all in education, only 1 in 70 being able to read and write, as against 1 in 17 amongst the Hindus proper, and 1 in 24 among the Sikhs. There is in the Pan- jab tho same substratum of pro-Aryan tribes as elsewhere, upon whom have been imposed successive layers of Aryan, Scythic, Turkoman and Afghan invaders. Across the religious and ethic divisions came those of occupation. The Jats, Sscythic in origin, are most of them Hindus, though some are Muhammadans, butniinro agriculturists ; a fine Btnlwart race, wbosowomcn work in tho flolds, and wlio exhibit a tincture of domooratio indopqndonoo and individ uality in thoir bohnvior. Tho Rajputs — most of , sham descend from an alliod stock— aro braver end moro quarrolsomo; support thoir chiefs with feudal feaity, and prefer pastoral pursuits mixed kith reiving to ordinnry .farming. Tho Sikhs make cxceiioiit soldiers and good cultivators, fun uniting the qualities of tho othor two . classes, thoir bond of union being religious. The lirahmnns, wiion tlicy go upon tiio land, as the Tagss havo dono, aro bad farmers , and as a ralcprefcr quiet or oivio ocoupation ; they enjoy the reputation of being had neighbors. Thoy havo pados of tiieir own in an ascending iiiornrohy, tat invariably preserve a haughty and insolent ittitudo to all outsido their oasto. Thero nro other main tribes, snob as tho Rors; I she approach olosoly to the Juts, the Oujaro, nn- lotioiis for thieving ami lyjng, with numerous af.wdiiinoous rind menial bastes whoso pocuilari- . lio it would 1)0 tedious to recapitulate, as all of liim havo jirn'btidos, rituals and doilies of tholr en Casto rules compol them always to islsrraarry within bounds, but nt tiio samo lisie tiiero nrri elaborate provisions against tho union of relations, so that no inan oan ieirry a girl from his own or evori Immtdiiitely adjoining vitiligos, or who is related to tho fnmily of hid riibthor or his father's mother. Suoh prohibitions vary much among the castes, as do tiieir habits of intercourse, ilithrimmndans aro becoming indiffotont to companionship at merits, thriiigh they often recognise easto restrictions, wiiich among tho nindua prcvoht dating or drinking bo- tsctrii tlioso of different cristes, Some enstes aro of doubtfiil, others of absolute impurity in tho eyris of others. Tlioro »to, in nddition to theso divisions by biooci, belief and association, homo of an lierodi- tary character bred fh. ancient strife, vliicli still separate village from village, so that thoy will not uiiito for any purpose. Irri- ption officers aro at times compbtlod, on tliis Kmunt only; to put tlieiri in distinct canal diilriots. From sucii relics of custom as thedo he arrives nt a cloaror conception of what the wuntry was whan rontwlth intestine feuds, raao ignnst rnco, crood against creed, class ngrilnst diss, nnd village against villngo, oiul of the diillcnlties with wlilcli tiio remnants of thcho strifes and caste restrictions; wlion addod to Ihe innumerablb prbjudiees still in aotivo Opera tion, surround tiio task of administration. Deducting 24,000 square miles returned a3 nnculturahlo, from tho surveyed and nssossed lira of 95,000 square inilos capable of being firmed, thoro is loft 45,000,000 aores lit for cultivation, of which t fivo- sovcnth3 is now Miler tho plough. The total routal paid exceeds £5,000,000, of wiiioh about half goes to Iks Slate. There nro few large towns, and, ns In the rest of India, few of its 34,000 villages fsceoil 1000 inhabitants, tiio avorngo being 549 iu oaoii, or 177 persons to the sqnaro miio. Up lo tho census of this year tlioro woro no returns from Bengal proper, anil honco, although smaller than Madras and Bombay, and tho wine siza ns tho North-west Province, tiio Panjab showed tho largest area under assess- initit. and tiio largest cultivable area yet untouched in any of tlibm. But thdsfc gorieral ilnteinents ate less impi esulvo niid suggestive jhiu the dutaiied descriptions of particular iiis- tlitti which, however dilfoiiiig nhidrig theiri- lelves, are much fnoru triithfillly illustrativo of Ike ttuo condition of tho country; Tho "nl rind cipaclty ivhloli aro brought tb tlis dry duties of admlnlstratibH liavo cccisloually found scDpb for themsolvos in literary or scientific work, and the I'anjab has ntnn happy In the acquisition of two complete studies of Its local conditions; that in the west made by Mr. Purser, utid that in tho east by Mr. Ibbotson. The report of tho latter, both as kssg tho moro reoeni and as moro generally hpical of tiio conditions of the poriinsula as a stole may be ndvantagoously rioted. Tiio sub jects involved in any criticism of India and its people aro so great and tho issues involved so "any that It is only by moans of special instancies that its problems an bo indicated, Id their solution vriguoiy outlined or Im plied. Sir. Ibbotson's distriot was situated tb tho north of Delhi, closo to the Jiimiia, and partially under Its westorn canal ; its ohief towns, ICnrnal, Containing 23,000 inliabitnhts, and Panipat, of istorlo famo, housing 25,000 among its ruins, he tract containod nearly 900 square miles, of uicb 400 were cultivated, 300 posiurod.and tho . . ano0 barron, maintaining iu 18S1 about 330 '' luges and 262,000 people. Tho wliole of it was 1 "vital stiff loam, in tho hollows oalled tlakar, and in old rlvor bods or wind banks named bhwr, nnd a mixturo of tho two termed kausfi, all being 'posited by the J umiih as it worked eastward rough tho ages. A low lying trnot, having a "nuy suil and water oloso to tiio surfnoo, ox- 'Ms from the present sttuam to a 10 foot riso, nich marks Its utmost flood limits ; it is Irrt- Wed chiefly by wells, half of it boing Undor 6 plough and 80 per confc, of its cultivation ''"Sated. Abovo tho bank runs a lovel op® w'1 0 ftiff friublo soil, half of armed and b!iroopurts of tho cul- ivntjon watered by means of a canal, youd this again is a higher tablo land of I; Brassy |)If|in», iutcraeoted by bolts of ti'eoa nnd I Iingle, with only a fourth of It under cuUlva- l< UP" a rainfall, declin I: rom. inches near tho river to 18 inches |j j ess in this par which Is bhloily devoted to t)hi,utdi In tlto ldw lying lahd the wolls rtro but 1 ft few foot dcop, but iu the plateau water ltok f««"d except at 90 fect or greater dopths. Tho intermodiato slopa fs rich in mangoes, and tho rlvor bottoms in dato pftlins and luxuriant groves of trcoa. At Kamnl there woro tho finest orchards In Northern India, and thcro are still throughout this traot many valuable shrubs and natural foods. From tbo earliest times the chief ovonts of Hindu iiistory havo transpired within this district, or near it, in tho city of Hollii, whose varying fortunes it has always shared. It Is representative of tho Panjab, (specialty because made tho thoroughfaro of invasion, tho throe great and dccisivo battles of Panipat being fought within its borders. It mifTorcd from these cvcti more than the wostcrn. terri tory, and recovered loss quickly under Iiriiish rule. The darly amperors boro heavily upon its resources, because of its nearness to their palaces; but at least they benefited it by moans of cahnis and ruled it with some degree of consistency. After tho overthrow of the Mughal throno it became a no man's land, wasted by Malirattas and Sikhs alternately, until four-fifths of it reiapsed into forest ; tho few villagos that rcmatued wore fortified strong- iiolils of prodqtory bands at war with caoh otlior nnd lovying blackmail upon all strangers. Tho fields woro given ovor to beasts of proy, lions being seen in tiio vioinity as Into ns 18Z7, while tigers seized upon fnklrs on tho main road. Wolvos, boars, doer, crocodiles and wild fowl still abound in the outlying parts, but when the torritory eamo under tho British flag in 1809 they bade fair to bo tho solo proprietors. Pence brought back tho peasants, but un pardonable misrule by early ofiioinis ren dered the unfortunate district almost ns wretch e (1 as in time of wan English rule not only Oxcchslvo, but vcxatiousiy imposed; witli the most reokloss ignorance and injuslieo. Evory petty ohiof was permitted to lovy transit dues, lb addition lo tho rogular customs charges ; tho police woro notoriously corrupt, bandits flourished; tho irrigation was so mismanaged as to ruin thousands of Bores, wliilo" tho hapless tnngistrato in charge trnvorsod iiin distriot carrying all his criminals with liiin, Blrioo gnol ho had none. Tho country once moro seemed lapsing into barbarism j tho villagers; thougli as muoh attached to thoir liomosteads ns any pooplo in tiio world; lied from tiieir tihdostral shrines before tiio blundotitig exactions of inbapnhlo British ofTloinldom; The famine of 1824 first opened the oybs of tho nuthoritlos to tho consequences of tlibir tyrailiimis stupidity. The assessments were revised, arid in 1833 ngnin largoly red need. In 1836 old debts wore remitted, and in 184j! a regular settlement wiis effected, which, however inequitable, was an immcnSn improvement Upon tho former condition Of things. In 1347, 1852 find 1856 thbre wore frosli elforts to adjust tho burden to tho banks of those whb were oompolled to bear it; and finally it foil to Mr. Ibbetson in 1876-81 to Inttodube a scientific systom under wliloil it wiiS possible for tiio unhappy residents nt Inst tb realise that n oivilisod Government not only aims at justice, but obeys as well as enforces its commands. Of tho people 207,000 are Hindus and 55.000 Muiiammadfins. Until after the mutiny the latter worshipped with thoir noighbors, nnd still pay a certain hofringo to their shrines, The Rajputs raiso cattle Oii tiio plateau, wliilo tiio JntB universally, with smaller bodies of Gujars, Rors, Tagns and Saiyids, apply themselves to cultivation in tho lower lands. Individual pro prietorship of land was unknown among thorn niitil the Britisli riyimc was introducod; anil tiloy were equally ignorant of rent. A number of tho villagos nro still workod mid nil nro governed on tho obnimunnl principle ; in somo tho land is divided according to ancestral shares nmoiig the several blnsses of villagers, whllb in others tho titles of individuals are recognised iu a limited dbgteo, rolating o'rigiHatly to the liso iathor tiinn tho ownership of the lands; The misfortune is that hero as olsewliorc,. instead of developing existing systems for tho benefit ot the oidtivator, tiio rngo for iatidlbrdlsm lias led to tho blind introduction of the principles of English law; with tho most disastrous cffoct in itiaiiy qaSSs. Tho whole polity of the daily life of the Hindus is based upon- other linos p tho villages nro communal ih all thoir habits, aiid nro soif ghvornod entirely in n communal spirit. Hos pitality is a duty ; food, tobacco and a rest lioiise nro provided in each of them for travellers nhd officials ; they have commonngo and its rents ; repair tiieir woIIb and public buildings such bs thoy are, maintain tiieir local watchmen and undertake many otvio duties. Thoso expenses nro mndo up out of Common rovenuos and common contributions, which aro said to bo ar ranged with perfect equity; Their agriculture in the Samo way depends upon association umong themselves; whether for ploughing, sowing, irrigating or reaping, nnd it is their in telligent oo-operntion nlono thnt makes it possible for thom to succeed as thoy do. Then again tlioro aro tradesmen, bucIi as carponters, cobblers, blacksmiths, potters and others, who work for all iii the village and supply their needs by tho oxoroise of their respective crafts, reodivlng in rotdrn eertnin fixed proportions of tho harvest. Tho taxos in Karnal and neighbor hood are still paid in kind, and services nro reokobed in kind in cultivation; so thnt the profit sharing and social organisation which form the ideal of somo political thinkers nro to ho foiind just as is land nationalisation, not moroly in the germ, but Ih li considerable state of development among our follow subjects in India; A wise Conservatism would havo respected tticso natlvo institutions nnd oilstoms, and havo sought lo encourage their natural evolution nnd improvement, but unfortunately it was pre ferred to hamper and maim them, and to thrust upon thb peasants so far lis possible the harsher and more selfish prnctioes of n commercial people infatuated with individualism; and having for tiieir ideal of aotion buying in the cheapest and selling in tho dearest markets, without regard to tlioso who bought nnd sold, or who were bought nnd who were sold ih con sequence. The oarof ul redistribution of tnxation, realign ment of the canal arid construction of public works havo now brought tho traot to a hotter condition tiinn it has evor enjoyed. If there Is nothing lilco individual advance or local developments such as aro fiimilinr in Anglo-Saxon communities, it hn3 to bo romombercd that tho increase of popuintion is always up to the limit of subsistonoe, that nothing rnbro than subsistence is aimed at by tho mass, and that nothing moro is possible to individual aspirants; if thcro nro nhy suoh. All aro reduoed to a level at which praotionlly the wholo timo tlnd the Wliolo strength of each man are needed to gain Ills bnro bread from duy to day. Tho Indian peasant lives in a mud lint without owning the land upon which it stands, and bccs the building collapse in timo uudor tiio rains sinoo ho can bniid another upon tiio same spat with material obtained from the villago tank. By this moans tanks are Increased iii size; and villages elevated higher upon their mound3 every year, and iii sriina old altos hiivo actually risen i00 foot. Ho owns tho utensils of eartli nnd metal necessary for cooking — the latter of brass if ho is a Hindu, or of coppor If ho is a Muliiitnmitilaii, a few strips of cloth for dross, a low rupees hoardod lip for a wedding, and tho rest of his small capital visible to tho world in his wifo's littlo stock of jewellery. Ho does not, as a rule, own tho land upon which ho labors and tho wooden implements by whicit ha scratohos it roprcsaut a very few shillings. Ho owns nothing moro unless it ho an ox or two. His hours of labor aro from daylight to dark, with a short rost at uiidday in tho summer heat His food is grain nnd pulso soaked in water or boiled in milk, a porridge of conrso grain, a pease pudding or boiled rico. The women of his family cook, spin, olenn cotton of its seed, grind corn, fetch wntor, nnd somotimes Work in tho field; Children aro employed as soon as they aro abio to tend sheep or oattlc, or scare birds. All work and always work, and for very littlo reward. Ill Mr. Ibbotson's distriot, though perfectly willing to perjure themselves for a friend if tliey believed ho had right on his side, and though always prepared to cheat and de ceive tho white if not tho stranger, thoy nro honest in thoir 'dealings among themselves, and, so far as ho know, moral also. Lifo offers thom few pleasures ; thoir simplo festivals, their little harvests, anil their eternal gossip sufficing from year to year. A modest pdopic religiously, thoy bolleve themselves tori small to attract tiio attention of tho groat gods, nnd accordingly confino thoir worship to tho Sun, tho Jumna, mother earth; nnd tho god of tho Home, propitiating fairies and domons, and especially the dailies of small pox nnd kindred complaints, while carrying with thom every wlioro a orowd of idio superstitions. Nothing is dono without roligious sanction — woll sinking, ploughing or harvesting nro all ushered in by brief and busi ness like petitions to tho unseen powers; Tlicy givo nothing for nothing, not even Working nt tho well moutli is recog nised fts dangerous, and consequently becomes a proper place for piety. Hence tiio natives' pro verb, with its shrewd worldly wisdom of sum mary : — " It is n mad world. I'eoplo call on God only nt tho well, and twist thtir bullocks' tails and prosper." Thoro Is a certain method in their madness, evon in thoir orudest and most childish beliefs about ghosts, omous, charms, horoscopes, lucky numbers, the evil eye, the danger of yawning and tiro nuspicieusness of sncdzlng. They riranSgo to sail as near to tho wind of ndmouition, nnd as oloso to the coasts of pordition; as other Pharisees in move civilised communities, minimising self denial and cajoling angry deities by judioious bribes to their priests, from whom they obtain a considerable latitude of self indulgence. By such familiar compromises with reason and conscience olio is ounblod to discern the relation ship of tho Hindus to peoples with whiter com plexions. They nro tho touohes of nature which Innko tho wholo world kin, linking tho quiot, submissive, nillcy minded Oriental to his Cau casian master, whoso hrusquo manners and liaughty percinptorincss of command might scom at times to crcnto a suspicion thnt ho be lieved himself a boing of another order. As nro the pcoplo of tho Panjab so are tho pcoplo of tiio wholo peninsula; constituting tho baso and body of its social pyramid; of whioh only tho apex and surface aro coated with a thin facing of conventional civilisation. They constitute tho- entity to which wo rofer as "India," all tho magnificence of its mountains, swoop of illimitnblo plains, flow of superb livers, and dazzling glory of irresistible sun furnlshiiig only a background for this bulk of savage lifo apd pntiont labor. Towns count for little, and tho townsman, noisy as ho is, for le3S, in tho sum of the national existence. Tho villngo nnd tho villager are itB roal units, and more, perhaps, than in any part of tho world tho peasant is tho typical citizen— tho conservntivo substratum upon wiiioli all rests — in whoso breast tho wild creeds, iatoh'sO casto feeling aiid uriprogressivo character of tho race stand revealed in nil thoir pristine and over onduririg power. HisiinrrownoSs, sectarian prejudice, and confidently illiterate ignornnco aro balanced by homely virtuos and gentle- iiosses, which his chiefs exhibit in a loss marked degree. Playing no part iii public affairs, furnishing a Hirin.ll proportion only of tiio ruling class, subject to strango masters aiid always the serfs nnd oreatnros of those of tlaoir own blood who may happen to bo in power, the ryots have presorved healthier qualities and tiobloi' traitB than tiieir wealthy aristocracies or reigning families. Tholr lot is tho lot of tiio many in most countries — unceasing toil, unnoted pleasures, unrequited sufferings and imredordo'd hspirations; History ignored them, tradition discards them, poetry disdain fully passes thorn by. And still to lihvo inno cently helped to food their follows may yet ho held more honorable than to liavo wasted farms or sacked cities ; to liavd reaped tho harvest of thosonBoiis hotter than to havo sown ambition aiid gnr'nbrcd pride or fame. ""Wo may talk whiit wo please of lilies, nhd lions rnnipniit; and spread oiigies in fields d'or or d'aryent, but if heraldry worn guided by reason, a plongh in a field arable ' wouid bo tho most noble and ancient arms;" 