THE GHOSTS MR. BESANT HAS iaag _ SE1 N. In his weekly letter, Mr. Walter Besant has the following:—"A very good ghost 6toiy— one of e. churchyard and a phantom funeral has been printed in the Livcrjtool l'<ust, and copied in the Pall Mall Gazette, where I saw it. My personal experience of spooks is not much, bnt it is, perhaps, more than Calls to the lot of most. The first ' figure" I ever eaw was about 6 o'clock on an evening in September. I had been writing up to the last moment of daylight; it became too dark for me to see any longer, and I knocked ofi; aa I turned from the window I became aware that a female figure was in the room; it made no sign, bat itmo ved about noiselessly. As I looked it disappeared. Iwas then living as a bachelor in chambers, and my outer door was dosed, so that nobody could be in the room except myself. Another' experience, and a far more singular one, was this. I was travelling in Northumberland. The day I had spent in driving over a wild and lonely moor to a village situated in the midst of it—a village built round the quadrangle of what bad been a monastery. There was the old gate left; part of the buildings; part of the wall; the quiet village enclosed by the old wall; the convent chapel, now the suiah church: there were only two or three hundred people living here: outside ran and babbled the trout stream with its high bank covered with bushes and brambles and wild flowers. All round stretched the moor. At the inn, where I took Bome tea or something, they talked to me about the past; the place was filled with echoes of the past; whispers and voices were heard at night; things had been seen in the bedroomB. A wonderful place; nowhere els? in England is there a more wonderful place. X drove bade and spent the eveiling alone in my inn, reading certain books of the Queen Anne time, and at 11 o'clock went off to bed. Uy room was a very old room, and the inn itself was at least 300 years old. All this is introduction in order to show you why the thing that I saw took the shape that it did. For in the middle of the night I woke suddenly and Bat np startled. I found the room perfectly light; the dcor. which I had locked, flew open, and there walked in three ladies, dressed in the Queen Anne costume, with the pretty old etiif cardboard ornament of the .head and everything. Never before had I understood bow beautiful was the Queen Anne dress. The ladies sitting down on chain round the fire (which was now burning merrily) began to talk, but I know not what they eaid. Suddenly—it shames me to confess the thing—I was seized with a horrid terror. I leaped from the bed. pulled back the curtains, and pulled up the blind. It was about three in the morning, and twilight. Then I turned to my visitors; they slowly faded away. The light slowly went oat of the room; the fire slowly burned low; the figures slowly became faint; they slowly vanished. Who were they r WelL You see that I have seen things. Bat I have heard nothing. No communication has ever been made to me from the other world at all, except by the spirit Katie, and she only talked rubbish through a medium, and I had to pay a pound for it." 