INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Victoria.,','.' ? '. ?.;','' '.' ilELiBOUUNE, JANUAnr 2', ' : It will be remembered that just before the : holidays a man named Avieon nearly killed another man named Honre at Dry Diggings, near Daylesford, in consequence Bf iloare's familiarity with Aviepn's ,wif e. A. petition has been presented in , the Supreme Court by Avieoii praying for a divorce from his wife ou the ground of her misconduct with Hoare, . and claiming £1(100 damages from the latter. ? The cita tions were sent to Doylesford for. service/ but in the meantime Hoare has disappeared, and is said to have taken his passage by an ocean-going steamer. , ;, . Mrs Young, an old resident at Yering, committed suicide last evening by cutting her throat. She had been 'depressed in mind for a long time. ?'??' ?? j' ; At the St. Kilda Police Court to-day a young woman' named Bella Adams was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment on the charge of being found without lawful excuse on the premises ot Harry Gibb, architect. The Bench described her as a wolf in sheep's clothing. There are about a dozen charges againBt her yet to be heard. The property found at the resi dence . of herself and father has been identified as the proceeds of several robberies. The Hon. D. S. Wallace was proceeding from Meredith, his station at Ballarat, laai evening, when his buggy capsized over an embankment, and he was thrown out, but ?was not seriously hurt. At the JFitzroy Police Court to-day a slaughterman named John Wilkinson was Committed for trial on the charge o£ un lawfully wounding John Millwood on Christmas eight! by knocking him down ?with a butcher's steel, and then prodding him on the back of Mb head. . ..?-????' A wharf laborer named Benjamin Susanna was drowned in -,the River Z arra this afternoon,' ?'--?' The body of a child was found drowned in the Eiver Yarra' to-day. Some further details have come to light with regard to the costs of the Premier Permanent conspiracy cases. It is stated on good authority that ,Mr Neighbour re ceived £1000 for hie conduct of the defence of Mr J. E.. Gqurlay in ,' the .City Court, and that his : solicitor's costs amounted to £500 additional. , In . the Banco Court Dr. Madden and Mr Neighbour, who were retained by the same defendant, divided £3500 in fees between tliem. Further solicitors' costs were also in curred, and the total expenditure of this defendant came, to between £5000 and £6000. , The past year has seen more schedules filed than has ever been recorded in the colony's history. On only three previous occasions has the number, reached 400. The year after the Insolvency. Statute 1871 came into force itB.proviaionB'were availed of in 43fl cases, but injl890,!'no-:lessHhan 445 sequestrations have taken place. The average for the past 20 years has been 320. The Derwent and T.imar (Tasmania) In surance Office loses £2000 uy the fire at the Mutual Store. MELBOURNE, Jant/Ab? 4. Jaa. Johnstone, who murdered his wife and family at Ballarat, and then tried to commit suicide, still remains in Ballarat Gaol Hospital in a state of unconscious ness. The remains of twins, apparently prema turely born, were found this morning buried in a box at the back of a house occupied by a cabman in Rathdown-street, Carlton. The cabman had not long re sided in the premises. On Friday evening James Mirams was taken to the Sale Gaol. He was attired in prison dress, but he still retains his beard. The body of a child was found in Toorak yesterday. ' f The child found in the Yarra on Friday has a mark on its throat, showing that death was caused by suffocation. ? Felix Tanner, the fasting man, completed his f nst of 4 i days and nights at 4-30 p.m. yesterday. The eud was very tame, and was witnessed by a very large Rudience. Tanner was in bed, but did not look much out of the common. There were plenty among the audience whom one would have picked out as the starving man before Tanner, had he been walking about. There was nothing gaunt in his expression of face but about his body is whure ' the ghost' shows itself. He was offered a mug of chicken broth, but was satisfied with about two ounces of it, and thus the fast was broken. Over 40,000 persons have paid to see him since he commenced his task. Jack Harkawav was remanded at the Carlton Police Court yesterday for bag snatching. The ship Argylesbire arrived at the Heads early yesterday morning, and was quarantined in consequence of her having had communication with the ship Kelton. Dr. Browning found so trace of disease on the Aigyleshiro, but the vessel will be thoroughly overhauled. MELBOURNE, Januab* 5. Two boys named Deakin, aged 14 and 7 respectively, f-,ttemptert to murder a settler at Mildura named Tulan. They threatened Tulan to his face, and at night they shot him in the shoulder. Tulou is in a pre carious condition. A Bwagsman set firs to a haystack at Nagambie, and 12 miles of country have been devastated in consequence. The troubles in the milling and iron trades have blown over. The mill owners are not unanimous on the question of the new rules, and consequently they were not enforced. There is also a want of unani mity amongst the ironmasters, and the new rules will not be enforced. The president of the Public Health Board has received a telegram to-day to the effect that the small-pox patients from the ship Eelton at the Quarantine Station are progressing favorably. The worst cage is that of the thief officer, K. Hird. A conviction for Sunday trading was to-day recorded against Emma Clark, liaenaee of the Locomotive Hotel, Port Melbourne, the license for the premises to be forfeited. The railway commissioners have effected a reduction in the train service, which will represent savings equal to £100,000 per annum. This is a result of the experience gained during the working of the strike time tables. MELBOURNE, Janvaby 6. A young man named C. E. Mackenzie, clerk at the Hawthorn branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank; was arrested at: i the' - bank .this morning on the charge of embezzling £107, the moneys of the bank. Mackenzie .was brought before the local Court 'and re manded for a week, tail being flxedi at £1000. It is believed that a large sum is involved in the defalcations. i ? A well-dressed young man named Samuel White was sentenced this morning, at the City Court, to 12 months' hard labor on the charge of having housebreaking implements in hie possession. . A young rough named William M'Lellan who with several others knocked three- . constables about on Boxing Night, was to day fined in all £13 or ten weeks 'im prisonment. The barque Argyleehire, which had com munication with the small- pox infected ship Kelton, was to-day granted a clean bill of health. The Melbourne Stock Exchange Com pany in liquidation have paid the share holders 6s Hid per share, leaving a loss: of 6Jd. i ?.. The Central Board of Health this after noon declared Rio de Janiero an infected port, and all vessels arriving from there wi'l be quarantined. During tho week ended Saturday last 27 cases of typhoid were reported, one being fatal. For the same period 23 cases of diphtheria were reported, six being fatal. Seventeen cases of scarlet fever were recorded, with no deaths. Win TtYPAllflnp.w fclm f-nvApnni» wnn f.n-rinv presented with an nddress of welcome from the Manchester Unity Lodge of Odd fellows. MELBOURNE, jAHUAmr 7. The Castleniaine Brewery Company have declared a dividend at the rate of 25 per cent, per annum. Another development has taken place in connection with the Palace Hotel fires. Mr J, A. Wilson, proprietor, to-day laid an information against Oswald Twist, late boots at tho hotel, charging him with set ting flra to the Bijou Theatre when it was burnt down on filter Monday, 18S9, Twist was then in Wilson's employ for 10 days when he left. Twist afterwards re turned to Wilson's service aud when be bad been there two days the first Are at the Gaiety Theatre occurred. Twist is, at present serving a sentence of 18 months for perjury, and is also awaiting his, trial on the charge of setting Are to the Palace Hotel. A pork butcher at Sandhurst, named Hermun Rosen, has been committed for trial on the charge of obtaining jewellery by false pretences from Simon Kozminsky, jeweller, of Melbourne. At the City Police Court to-day, a well known pickpocket named .Charles Arm strong wus sent to gaol for 18 months on the charge of being found in a public place with intent to commit felony. The Age, in a leading article this morn ing, regrets that Mr Fysh, the Premier of Tasmania, should have takeu so favorable a view of General Booth's colonisation scheme, and adds that it is making the colo nies a dumping ground for the crime aud pauperism of Knglond. It further adds that the carrying out of the scheme would re sult in a perpetual ground of reproach against our own population. 