EAST SYDNEY ELECTION. In the absence of a frcetradc candidate for East Sydney the electors will have to con tent themselves with a protectionist and labor candidate. With many it will present itself in the light of a choice between two evils' una tne smguiar spcuiaeie wut oe witnessed on the one side of freetraders voting for pro tection because they dislike labor more, and on the other side of their voting for labor not because they agree with the platform of its electoral league but because they have a wholesome haired of a restrictive policy. Many, again, are likely to refrain from voting. The position is not a healthy one, but it is hoped that the next general election will enable the constituency to vindicate its claim as the premier frcctradu electorate of the colony. MR, BARTON'S MEETING. Mr. Barton, the Attorney-General, ad dressed a meeting at KeoghV Hotel, Upper William-street, last nignt. There were about 500 persons present. Mr. 0. C. Beale occupied the chair. Mr. Barton, during his speech, said that it had been freely slated that lie accepted a portfolio in Mr. 1 >ibbs' Administration merely because he was anxious for ollicu. But he might perhaps say that during the present session lie had been enabled lo decline oliicc at the hands of Sir Henry Parkos. lie meutioiied that for this reason. As he had been taxed by some who knew him but little, with having occupied a seat iu the nresent cabinet iust for the sake of ollice. tlie" fact that he had been enabled to decline otlicc this session would he a suliicient answer lo the allegation. There had been a great deal of newspaper criticism with respect to the course which he had adopted in accepting the Attorney- Generalship. But while iTc did not complain of honest public opinion, yet there wero people who had dealt with his conduct (hiring the late crisis in a way which he should never have expected from respectable journalists. They had had their lling, but he thanked God lie could stand up find say that night that he Blood now as high in the estimation of the electors of East Sydney as ho had ever done. (Cheers.) He challenged his detractors to say that he hud done anything which was not consistent with Ids duty to his great cause and with liis duty to his country. (Renewed cheers.) Don't let them hold his opponent too cheaply. lie know no reason wny that gentleman was opposing liiin, although lie could mention a very good reason why he should not. oppose him. (Uhcors.) A Voice: Mention the reason. Dir. Bahton : I won't. It would he kinder to him nob to. They must not hold his opponent too cheaply. 'There were a number of people who intended to stay in Sydney ana see the election out at any cost, and although they would vote against him (Mr. Barton), yet he honored them for attaching such value to their electoral franchise. But he hoped thai all his supporters would roll up ou .Saturday and vote early. (Cheers.) A curtain daily paper had correctly reported him in its columns on Saturday as having said that Ministers would tackle thequeslion of electoral reform before going on with iinance. And yet tho same paper said in its leading article _ that Ministers did not intend to allow the discussion of electoral reform to take place before it touched the tarilf. (' Oh.") As some people might still believe what that paper said — ("Ulr')— he did not believe there were many — (laughter)— he might state that the lirst measure of legisla tion which the Government would deal witii would be the electoral problem on the basis of tlie abolition of plural voting. (Cheers.) Another measure for this session would be a short Dili to prevent the Railway Commis sioners from entering into contracts beyond the colony for any amount exceeding £20,000 without consulting the Executive Govern ment. Replying to questions, Mr. Barton said the Government were taking the appoint ment of ( Rear Meyer into serious considera tion, and lie was quite sure the resolution which would bo arrived at would be regarded as a just one. The development of the iron industry was not merely a matter which he hud thoroughly at heart, hut it was part of the protective policy-of the Ministers. They need have no great fear on that score, lie had voted for payment of members, anil though occasionally abuses might arise under the system, it was better to have payment of members than not to have it. ("Hear, hear.") A Voice: If you arc defeated will you accept a seat iu the Upper House? Mr. Barton: If i am defeated I will not accept a scat in the Upper Mouse. (Cheers.) LIS j J 1 1 1 1VJII toll lliU l|ilial>Itoll ill illl House was rather in a condition of change. At one time lie had thought it should he a nominee chain her. Olio reason was that while a nominee hcaly, it was not so strong to resist the will of the people. Still, if the second House did exist, it should ho a strong body, as long as the Constitution provided means for preventing deadlocks. He was rather inclined now, however, to support an elec tive Upper Mouse, but whether tlie election should lie by tlie people or by the representa tives of the people--('4 hear, hear") — was a question which he did not pretend to lie able to solve. A Voice: Wo don't want a second cham ber. " llear, hear.") / Mr. Barton: I think we do. (Cheers.) And while lie believed that there should he a second chamber he believed also that it should be continually in touch with the will of the people. He should like to see the j elections so conducted that the second : chamber would be a body capable of revising ; legislation in a nroper way and capable also of being moulded to the popular will. | (Cheers.) i Asked whether he was in favor of a repub lican form of government, Mr. Barton said ! that his sympathies were in favor of a go vernment which gave free scope to the will of the people. This country was virtually a republic. The fact that lie had people around him on whose legislative \fill there was really no check was proof of that. In reply to a further question as to whether the Government would lake the duty oil' tobacco, he said there would have to bo some little reform so that tobacco growing in lids country might be encouraged. Air. R. E. O'Connor, the Minister for Jus tice, supported Air. Barton's candidature. On lho motion of Mr R. A. 1'ricc, seconded by Mr. J. Hunt, a vole of confidence was carried. There were four or live disscutients, though many people did not vote. THE MUERUMBIDGEE. Wagga, Monday. — The labor party have not yet decided as to the running of a candi date in oppesil ion lo Mr. Dibbs, not having received information as to .Mr. Dibbs' inten tion with regard to the bringing forward of electoral reform before ( 'lirist mas. An open- air meeting was held ou Saiurduy night, when au ainemhneiiL negativing a motion for opposing .Mr. Dibhs was carried. The chair man, however, declared the motion carried. TO Tin: KDITOK of TIIK DA I I.V TKLKOKAI'H. Sir, — Apparently in some quarters there is au idea that the freetraders aro not doing their duty in East Sydney. The idea springs from an insufficient grasp of existing facts and of future prospects. Certainly an attack is being made at this moment on tho free- trade policy of the country, but tho attack is ouo that cannot reasonably be expected to succeed, whilst the manner in which tho attack is being led, and the reliance that is being placed on au expectation of treachery, are elements that in tho end will dna redtt and weaken the party of trade iv-iric- tion. The constitution of the Legis lative Assembly to-day is . precisely the same as it was on the several previous occasions during tlie session when the etiorts to reopen the fiscal controversy ended in failure. It is not denied that the number of members who personally support a trade restrictive policy is greater than the . number of those who support frcetradc, but on tlie other hand it cannot be denied that the rcstrietionist party — as a party — is out numbered by the total representing tho aggregate of the frcetradc party when com bined with the labor members, who are pledged against a reopening of 4ithfe fiscal controversy. How then can a trade restric tive tariff be carried in the present Parlia ment? Clearly only iu one way. that is by treachery on the part of the" labor mem bers. If they choose to ignore tho free- trade vote, which was the main cause of their election, ami to be false to their pledges, then, and only then, can Mr. Dibbs carry his restrictive tarili'. Freetraders at present need be under no excitement, and above all they need not joiu the new Ministry in in sulting the labor members with the assump tion that in heart they are already traitors. As far as this Parliament is concerned 'the fiscal controversy has been closed. Evidently tlie Dibbs Ministry expect to persuade the labor members to break their pledges on this point. If they succeed, then will ho tho time for freetraders to bestir themselves. With regard to/the East Sydney election, the contention that a Minister should not he opposed on presenting himself for re election is a sound one, id ways providing tho contingency has not arisen which presumably is at the root of this part of our con stitution. It may be presumed that this provision was not meant to ioster mere con tests for parliamentary honors, hut to pre vent .Ministers misrepresenting their consti tuents. Mr. Barton was elected to fight for federation, and was elected for this special purpose almost wholly by a frcetradc vote. Having been so elected it is a tolerably cool thing for Mr. Barton to assume that he ought to be lot alone while he assists Mr. Dihbs to remodel the fiscal policy in a manner simply abhorreut lo his constituents. Opposition to Mr. Barton is, therefore, clearly justifiable. Ul course lie is well awaro that lie would not at present, have the ghost of a chance of being returned in a single-handed contest with a representative freetrader, but he knows that lie has a good chance againstalahorcandidate, ami also a good chance against two candi dates, one a freetrader and one a labor can didate. The cpiestion arises, What arc the freetraders to do in view of the fact that a labor candidate is already in the field and sure to take a. considerable vote? In reply to this question, 1 should say that freetraders ought to go .«q raight. for Mr. Grantham, the labor candidate. Had the freetraders put a man in tlie field directly the vacancy arose it is possible that Mr. Grantham might not have come out, but now that, lie is in the field it is better, considering all the circum stances, for the freetraders to support him rather than cause if further division of votes by bringing out a special candidate of their own. It is my intention to do my best during the week to promote Mr. Grantham's return, but I wish to say 1 do .so entirely as a private member of the frcetradc party, and with the knowledge that some of my friends differ with me as to the course which it is most ilcsirauic lor us to loiiow in tne present emergency. — Yours, etc., E. RULSFORD, Late secretary Frcctradu and Liberal Asso ciation. 