©ninths. Theatre. Ctarner's. Fasting Man. Funny Tomky. Libel case on to-day. Musical Ghost Illusion. Ohaffey Baker on draughts. Fitzi-oy v. Medindie at 3 p.m. Barometer at noon tp-day, 30*17. Sir. Moule won't whip officially. Timely downpour of rain in India. Rich fand in Block 7 of South Mine. Governor's too wide awake for snarleis. St. Francis Xavier's Cake Fair still open, A "derry" on Dry Creek Smelting. Works. Bart sick, and only able to speak for as hour. Master Horace Salom has seriously hurt Ilia foot. Commonwealth Bill can be had st this office. Portraits of onr Tom, Dick, & £o. adom , Windsor. " -'-'.. ' Sochd legislation is often of a very unsocial character. _ Improved prospects of the Enterprise Exoeleior Mine. Cocks and hens at the Exhibition Building to-morrow. Ediacara developing under Mr. BamfieH'fl kindly care. - A wooden- headed debate, and a wooden* headed debater. Civil Servants are evidently regarded -a* public property. Surveying in 1836 seems to have been «on. ducive to longevity. Gingerbread Traded 9 HaD again belt) Bp to attract the children. ' To-night the Alberton Baptists will Imfiblo over Pastor Boyling. Some people do not like viceregal treatmentof political problems. Mr. Wincey still [hopes a win to see (for Barossa water scheme. Silver valne of South bullion has risen froSK 100 oz. to 450 oz. per ton. Sir John Downer in his new role of a deneera t. Clothes hardly fit yet. Salvation Army bands getting up to tb« standard of street excellence. Mr. C. P. Fox had great expectations, bck • could not live to realize them. " Purity of women and girls must be strictly protected." Well done, Judge. The Hon. Honor6 Mercier (Premier el Quebec) is accused of corruption. Post-Office vestibule should be fitted up with seats and famished with spittoons. Chaffey need not be too rough oa the agejof the Councillors. He is nochioken. Enough thieves already without adding hypnotism to criminal accomplishments. Mr. Tomkinson cannot find & more Democratic Liberal than himself. That's news. Ladies particularly seem to be hypnotised as to gazing at the letter-board at G.F.O. Sun rose at 6.51 a.m.; Beta at 9.20 p.m. Moon rose at 7*59 am.; sets at 6.40 p.m. Supreme Court discourages tbe importation .Hop danced for an hour and a half around the grave he had dug for the Marine Board. 1 Would-be volunteer declines because h~ would be unable to attend football matches.^ Palmers ton Johnnies used their chopsticks and chops to the gratification of the Governor. One Democrat-Liberal of the Tomkinson stamp is enough for a nation and a generation. What a bobbery there would be if asm people hadn't a tanner to get '* three courses^ : with. Mr. J. Jude, formerly of Norwood, returned to Brisbane yesterday after a holiday .in Ade- . laide. Norwood possesses a multiplicity of £wo eongenial conveniences—dressmakers and woodyards. A Wadnaminga claim (Virginia) bats give* 30 oz. 18 dwt. of gold per ton on an 11-ton sample. Sixty millions of people are working life* beavers to improve private property is land i» America. Those who advocated years ago selling thr Northern Territory chuckle now and eay—" I told you so." Doubtful whether the hard-worked Treasurer would have time to play the part of ^ Marine Board. . " He has a perfect right to—attend tohisowa business." That's not exactly new, but ife l sounds nasty like. " Volunteer" would be proficient in the art of football in view of a possible enemy—be Rupert on the wings. The cruelest stroke the Hon. S. Tomkinsoa could mfiict woidd be to accuse a perron o£ agreeing with him. A Port Adelaide shipping apneal case was dismissed yesterday, Second engineer had no right to employ men. . What has come over Canadian politics that to be eminent in them is to be suspected o£ treason or corruption J The way the Treasurer -managed the explosives business is not calculated to ooimme&d; him as a Minister of Marine. Hon. Dr. Campbell discoursed on tbe dangers of poisoning from the atmosphere of the present Council Chamber. A friend of the City Mission Hall has offered to give 20 per cent, .on sums collected -to. fjntx off the debt of £298 within three months... A former resident at the Stockade comp7*ms that the inmates are not allowed tbe daily Press, they might get the Gazette. What has the Prisoners' Aid Society to say to that growl ? "It was curious that two members of the profession that recommended draughts to their patients were exceedingly adverse'to any draughts being applied to themselves." Mrs. Malaprop sometimes hits the nail w r the head. It rained in torrents oa she felt Church one Sunday morning lately without an umbrella. "How irrigating this is!"sh» cried. According to the immortal Samuel, smoking* room talk mostly oonEdBted of " What are-yea going to have?" end pertinent replies. Council talk is unkindly summed up as: " What shall we take V and possible objections from the people. . . . The railway situation, in Victoria has'beea hit off in the following With his tongue in his cheek, end his t&utnb; to his nose, . • ' The Boss of the BaUw&ys; defiant still goe*, Till a Royal Commission has. time to debMg, Whether Speight shall oust Skids, or ShiMs shall clear Speirht. Chaffey Baker says the truth was that » number of members of the^ Legislative GdAioil were suffering from a complaint .winch no medicine would core—that was old'age. The number of cubic feet .bf air to tbe nnmber «f occupants of tin Chamber was enormous, f^e greater than allowed to the children of *he State Schools: -(HOD. D. M. Charleston—"0* factories.") The third South Australian Ministry, which was headed by Mr. Torrens, and lasted from -September 1 to 30,1657, comprised Robert R. Torrens, M.P., Chief Secretary; Richard li. Andrews, M.P., Attorney-General'; John B. Hughes, M.P., Treasurer; Marshall MacDermott, M.P., Commissioner of CrOwn Lands; Samuel Davenport, ML.C., Commissioner of Public Works. . FAX.—Here are a lot of Fax that occurred August6, worth stowing away in your knowledge box, my boy, if it is large enough tt> hold 'em. The London curates induced Pop* Nicholas, the enlightened founder of the Vatican libraiy, to issue a bull in 1433 commanding every Cockney householder whoee rent amounted to 10s. a ymr to p«y to God and his curate every offering day one farthing, and the more waalfchypns«i<4—John Huniadea raised the first eiegeof Belgrade, 1443—Davis, the navigator, reached the strait that bears his same, 1585.—Ben Johnson, tbe ocmtemjxw&y; and friend of Shakspeare, "bade tbe .world adieu," 1637.—Francis de SalignaedelaMbWe, Archbishop of Cambray, tlie iQustzious author of " Telemachus," &C.;, first experienced vAat - a wonderful thing, it is to live, 165L—Bm Diego Velasquez de Silva, the famous Spanish painter, paid the debt of Nature, .1600.— Christian VL of Denmark dittoed, 1746.— Francip H resigned his title of Empevo^ of Germany and Ring of Rome, and annsxedliiB possessions in Gehnaay to tbe Austrian empire, 1800.—All the flowers of this historical banquet are not equally fragrant, but that is not rej. fault." •! '• . . • Our flrat Surveyor, Colonel light, In laying out tbis aty bright. His wondrous Bkill t" A noble momaiiieiii-W: Forages yet to come, the 1 Where they his body law B. S. 8. 