; 'CHAPTER VII. \ Belgravw atvbktJ the mornirtg 1 after Sir John Hawkinge's ball ?with a 'not Un pleasant feeling that there was soine HfaVr>$ frwYi toju^al^i:^ Later in the day the air srtmed IhVillmg with mys terious rumours: .for how it originated no one could say; but there was an uni versal conviction that Eileen Ronajpie had been taUtdered, and all her friends and acquaintances were flying in and out of each other's houses, and eagerly ex changing the latest reports, :p)owcTer widely improbable they, might be. Regret for her sad fate was almost for gotten in the delicious excitement of such a tragedy occurring in their very midst, and the sensational and stirring idea that any of the fair cxchaagcrs of gossip might herself hive been the victim. The inquest was looked forward to with the greatest impatience, and Lord Beaumanoir's evidence especially; for already his name was on everyone's tongue, though no one quite knew what he had to do with the matter. How ever, there were not wanting plenty who looked1 as if they could say much on the point if they would; and sonie"men went so far as to say they had " talked to poor liulc Beau," and he was acting entirely by their advice end keeping quiet under the sad circumstances,-which was'an effort of imagination,-for Beau spoke to no one on the. subject. He, who generally chattcred openly and boyishly about all his affairs, remained sternly silent to his most intimate friends with regard to Lady Eileen RonByne, not even eipressing regret for her death. He was very pale when he appeared at the inquest ; but as his eyes met Vynor's lowering gaze the colour came back to his face, and he <j*cw himself up proudly. . . The medical evidence as to the cause oNteath was given ; Mr. Lisle's opinion being endorsed by that of a sujrgeon of high repute, who declared it utterably impossible that the fracture should be caused by a fall only, and violence must have l<een used. Sir John described his leaving lady Eileen to rest by her own wish, and his subsequent discovery of. her, prostrate and, as it proved, dying. There was a certain nervousness about the manner of his giving evidence; but no one noticed it.save Frank Lisle, or, rather, it was at tributed to his grief at such an event taking place in his house. He threw no light «n the subject, and there was nothing of any interest liil Lord Beau manoir was called on by the Coroner. The first question put was with1 re gard to the bouquet supposed to be his ; lie replied. calmly that he could not swear to it, but believed it to lie the one he had worn, and thought it probable that he had dropped it while in the room with Lady Eileen. The statement slightly disconcerted the Coroner, who had rather expected a difficulty in obtaining the admission that the young nobleman had been one of the last who saw the dead girl, and spoke with her. He inquired how long the interview had lasted ? " Possibly ten minutes; I cannot tell accurately," replied Beau. " May I ask the subject of your con versation ?" was the next reply. "On private matters entirely," said Bcauinanoii'. " I do not see that they concern the public." "That is for my decision," said the Coroner. " I will, however, only ask at present, were you under any excitement or passion at the time ? or was it a mere ordinary interchange of ideas ? Beau paused belore answering ; then said, deliberately: "I was under the influence of very strong feeling." A sort of murmur was audible as he coolly gave this reply. He glanced round, meeting curious and half-suspicious glances ; but Frank's eyes met his with an almost unconscious expression of confidence and sympathy, and Lord Kil | morran raised his drooping head to give, him a kindly smile. Saddened and i overcopie ashe-mas by the 6udden blow khat lifad deprived 'him of his favorite child, he never doubted the innocence of the chivalrous toy, whose evidence seemed to tell against himself. The Coroner put several searching questions as to the interview; and at last Bepu answered, impatiently: " It will save trouble and time to tell you that I made an offer of marriage to Lady Eileen, and was refused by her." He half repented his words as he saw a triumphant light on his rival's face, j but went on hastily: " I am not ashamed to say that I loved Lady Eileen with all my heart, and would have given my life to save hers. It is absurd to suppose that I hurt a hfiir of her head, far less mur dered her." His handsome, open face, and his manner of speaking, carried conviction to the hearts of most of his hearers. Whoever was guilty of the cruel deed, I they thought Beau was surely not thej man. | Almost as a matter of form, another i question was put: an inquiry as to, whether he left Lady Eileen alone. To Lisle's intense surprise, there came into the eyes, a moment before so bright and brave, 4 curi6us look of hesitation, and the reply was.given in an altered tone. " Alone, :did you say ? Oh I yes, yes, of course 1" " You saw no one near the room as you left it ?" ' " 1 saw several people in the gallery, not specially near that room, couples sit ting and strolling about," relumed Beau in the same constrained manner. "I left the house as quickly as possible." The Coroner had no more to ask him; and the next person called upon was Fanny Richards, the fourth housemaid. She was a rather pretty country girl; but her eyes were red with nervous weep ing, and her face white, so that she pre sented a most forlorn appearance, and her answers were almost inaudible at first and contradictory. She described that she had heard voices in the room, raised as it in anger, and had seen .a young gentleman run out hastily. Could not say it was Lord Beaumanoir; it might have been. " \Vh6re was she at the time ?" In the next room ; the windows were all open, being-so hot. She wasn't doing no harm; none at all." A fresh outburst of hysterical sobbing : was beginning; but the Coroner, accus tomed to witnesses of this class, cut it short by saying sternly : " Stop crying, or I shall assume you were guilty of something you wish to Qohceal t And tell me if you heard anything more ?" " More talking." gasped the girl, stop ping her tears through sheer fright. " What 1 immediately alter the gentle man left ?" asked the Coroner, quickly. " Yes, sir," faltered Fanny. ." Ixjrd Beaumanoir, yon stated that you left Lady Eileen alone. Do you hear this statement ?" inquired the Coroner. " I heard what Fanny Richards said,' replied Beau. " She has not proved yet that she saw me at all; so it does not discredit what I stated. .If she did see me, probably she can identify me by the dress that I wore, it not personally." But Fanny's nerve was so utterly gone that she could not even describe, with any degree of accuracy, the costume of tho young gentleman whom she had seen. Completely confused at feeling herself the object of everyone's attention she faltered, contradicted herself, begged Lord Boaumanoir's pardon for having thought she saw him, and, in short, con trived to leave such an impression of in accuracy and stupidity, that her evidence was practically valueless. With regard to Ben Grimes, nothing could be brought forward to connect, him with the matter; and the pearl bracelet Was still missing. . Altogether, the inquiry had no result beyond the fact that the medical evi dence proved that the injuries Irom which I^ady Eileen died could not have been the result of accident, or self-in flicted. An open verdict was returned.' Everyone was dissatisfied, and there was a general feeling of annoyance. Sir John dreadod that some chance might elucidate the fact that his wife had had the pearl bracelet in her possession ; for its description was in the hands of the police. Vyiior's thirst for revenge was unslaked, and he Still suspected his com rade for bitterness had overcome jus tice in his soul. Lord Kilmorran naturally longed to punish the murderer, and nlso desired that certainty should bring some peace to poor Bertie Delmore, from whom it had been impossible to keep, the facts ; and in his weak, feverish state, the ex citement Fas perilous in thp extreme, and his self-control was giving way to the rebelling of his nature against his powerlessness to act in the n.atter. Al ready there had been a serious rupture! of a blood-vessel, and it sc.med as if death were a matter of hours; but he insisted on seeing I^ord Kilmorran on his return from the inquest. Lady Morna, pale as a ghost in her deep mourn ing, would have denied him 1 but her father was wiser, and told all there was to tell briefly and plainly. Bertie Delmore listened eagerly to the description of what, had passed ; then rsked, in the gasping whisper which was the only exertion of his voice that he could venture on, what Lord Kilmorran's own opinion was. "I can form none, Bertie," was the answer. " It seems as if tho poor child's death is to remain an unsolved mystery." " Do jou suspect anyone ?" questioned Bertie. " Not Beau ?" Lord Kilmorran would have evaded the question, knowing how fond Del more hid been of the boy ; but he could not deceive the man whose blue eyes, glowing with strange, almost unearthly liKlit, wen fixed on his. He said, slowly : " There seemed no doubt about Beau at first; but there was something strange '' '' " " about him at last. Yynor suspects hipi Still." ., " Let me eet hira,"i:cfiVefl Bertie. v Lady Morna »aid, -dovisiwly : "Npt tp-day, Bertie; you will ,be stronger in a fefw' days. It would be too muchjjfor _ ,A i| " I have ' no tune "to ' spare," he rmittpred,jmijqttafjtjy,! ; Write U>Bpf, Morna darling-now, at once1! Tell him to come to me' to-morrow; and"' Vynor, too." Lady Morna hesitated. The feyerjsh. colour deepened in Bar-tit's chc'pkS. ^Ife moved restlessly, charing at her. delay. Her father signed to her to obey hi"1 and following Her from the ro6m, said. rt I,! i i " Morna, do you not see hoiv opposi tion frets Dclmore? Let him 'have. his own way, dear." " At the risk of his life!" answered Lady Morna, petulantly. "The excite ment ol such an interview may kill hifn ; i and then what is to become 'if 'lire ? | My darling Eily gone, and Bertie I too She broke into a passion of tears, arid j her father soothed her as if she were r child. "You have your boy, my poor, girl, and your old father; though the loss of our darling Eily is hard on you,' with Delmore so ill." -???/... i. " Dying 1 you mean,", said; Morna, "He cannot recaver, atii) !:ftenf77[#hd then " ' T\". , Words were useless to «tay bertearsj they were exhausted by their ' own violence at last. And thth . :shp the notes, and fattier' . (despatched them, fearing that she might iin'Mnte taken anxiety delay them; and feeling that Bertie's days wet1©.-' s6 su^lj numbered, that it was cruel to oppose' him in what he had set his heart oti. Lord Beaumanoir cimb punctually JO the appointed hour; and Bertie,: who was listening for his. knock, bade Lady Morna send him «ip at once^ 'and leave them alone. She roie promptly; and kissing her husband, Yel>t t0 bidding, only staying.to tell,his sonant to remiih in ihe,pt'M Wdfa jWcasa the interview- was too Wifceh tot 'Ms Master. But she did not see Lord fieaumanoir herself. Sending him a message by her maid,^uid lockirjg \herself in her own boudoir,; she jisfced 'Jig Wdhdawiti nervously lj^tei)ing\for from the sick-room'. Beau looked woov. pale, fend <»niilss himself; and the terrible change' fifi his friend almost upset his compostM'Af he first caught sight of ..Bertie,. lying sup ported by many pillows, with the .hectic spot of crimson: on }iis hollow cbe&s;, and the strange feverish brightness in his eyes. * } Beau could not speak as he look, die: dying man's hot, dry hand in .hi?, and felt itseagei* ^rtfsji. Bertie wastes no time in,greeting.. . i " Beau, you .know what you are sus pected of," he . whispered. " But ? I "am sure you know no more of the cause of Eily'a death than I dp. It seems like accusing yon, .to ask . you to say «o in plain words; but willyou do it, to give me the right to defend you ?" There was a pause. Beau'^ head sank lower and lower till he buried it on his hands. Then, with a chocking sob, he said: " I cannot do as you wish, Del more." "Cannot!" exclaimed Bertie* bit voice returning in his excitement; '* My" God ! Beau, do you know what ybuarq saying?" : Beaumanoir slowly raised himself again, and looked at Bertie with the ex pression of some hunted' creature driven to bay in his eyes.' -'1 a 1 - '' 1 "I do know what I am saying. Delmore. Ask me no more questions! for .Heaven's sake 1" /r .'' Bertie gazed at him ns if he wolltd' read his very soul. Then, question, clear and sharp: * " Who are you screening, Beau j1" "No one," returned Lord Beatuna noir, doggedly. "Let me go Aow,; Delmore; I am no fit companion1'for you." Bertie-grasped the hand- wbieh.-Beafi i h$d hot offered in farewell, ^thoiigli he had risen from his chair. . i V Beau," he said, " sit- - down again. When a man is as near the other world as I am, he sees things- 'clearly.' Look me in the 'face,-- and 'Wll ' me that you killed Eilee,n Ronayqe.'-.' . - , , -"God knows I wduld havejgi^oi.tjiy life for hers!" sobbedfiea'u, the com posure he had striven for giving way utterly, and the tears:hff'was5*f(i' bitterly ashamed of running down Mi fcheeks uij ciiecked. The door had been opened'gently, though neither of the two men. had' noticed it at the Moment. '' A tiny figure WAS stealing noiselessly, with finger on lip, to the bedside; and suddenly there was an outburst of merry, childish laughter, and a gleffgl exclamation of "Look, papal I got away from uursie, and corned all alone. < You dors want me, doesn't you!" The sturdy little fellow began to scramble on to the bed; but stopped short, gazing at Beaumanoir with widely openod blue eyes, marvelling what had happened to. one of his best play-' fellows. "Did you hurt you self,Beau ?" he said, pityinglyand then after a moment's pause the child walkedgravely round, and, putting his fat, diinpled hands on Lord Beaumanoir's knees, whispered solemnly : " Has you been naughty ?" Beau put him away gently. " Yes, Cecil," he replied, " I hive been naughty-too bad to touch you." Cecil stood irresolute, k bright little figure in his white dress, with the dainty embroidery and lace that bis' mother loved to deck her .darling with, , jvea though his ribbons were black. He twisted his hand in his tumbled gplden, curls, and looked at his father woadec-t ingly, then, with a sudden childlike .im pulse, h? threw himself on Beau, clasp ingJii* a«ns roynd Beau's neck vcfee Thefttly, ' aftd " sobbing out passion ately : *" ? i ? " Nft no I fcecjt you are noi bad-W.TLitptyf t 7 «' Bea&." (an 'jm declare to that, Jied Bdrtie^Delmorel once* iSorei ifiteirrg ^ie'eyes on ? Be»o'fii. /ace eagerly. . , There, was gjlence for. ft few seconds; even Ccoil war hushed and awed by something beyond his childish coin pre hension. TJien Beau raised his head proudly, and said (irmly: , "Bertie, I can make you no explana tion ; b.ut I can give you my word that, at least, I am not a murderer. More than this I neither will not can sSy." " " I believe j6u implicitly," returned DeUnore.. "But with all my heart, I Beau, I wish you fcould have told me j everything. Gannot you trust me, lad t" I , * ^ not that: Wow could yoti ' be | lieve thnt I, mistrust you ?" Answered Bfeaumanpir, striving hard tajfeafly his voice and speak firm. "Let 'me go, I Pel in ore; it is best /or all, as. matters I Mand now.* 'VBqt, Beau,M urged Deimore> "Ifccard I rfT'dtalkl "Iielpi I"!#: bp tirisatfe wid tetH' ous, but nothing more." I ** You would tjipube,forced to speak put," rather reproachfully. Alt would 6e farbettertodo lo to me, I npw^., IfAudder^aflf^tsome^UMepre; j anoe, torine Tear «f8omethinayet ] to come; then, as if to hide his ttttdbfeti'' I fccPMici paKof,faeic«ught;up Jittli Genfl I ai>4 kissed his«>sy cheeks: ,: "Good-bye,<3is>'©ldroan:don,t'4bri git the, or all the J<?}ly games we haV6" (wd tOgether." '....' ' .*.. -'.'r:'*] I andteymg his thin baad on the iChildis I golden head^he %ent «B %l&My;'! ' .<<l is, hjit. ypu ,,must, jjiver belieye,, tli j Promise me that, Cecil". .1 ."1 P^se," safa Oeca iMkiris frotfe Japp a Ipok plf. detennipatipn I strangely onias. baby-brow.i,. lyf* roil quite uftde«tflnd, CeciI lasted' | Delmore, .;« ; . ' ' "=J. , " Quife. Beau is ijpt bad ; li .wqD& never Jet 00 one say so," Teplied the boy J [manfully. . rfn "Tha " saidf^ i and not trusUag M worSy^e went out down thrfj land ing' tfet8niTly~arranii lul^aJ^^g^rjd^ndraj irotonttpofeatiaAftrr -sssgaSMseBar" Hw*Hw»wt»iw»awc hadiEbw Afedote kito&f;? mtf; ..au"wp» wtoqh nereetf.9 offQ; VRh <# wiu^wi-'wi- 'hWvory' fatfcv' DeriH^44" m doif(<ioiildiRtS<fijra trmsgi said4x)taf ^iliDppnHK who md < the&'«mntwtmm1, j totoce^ -wh¥hso«iifr see Vy^;/'w:r.:i-.j,i1.. ?« , . ,i i "0#ptaih^Vlyhort)I.iiiiiislc'iyou -fitiotdd' I^adyi/ Morna,; gefttiy,' '' Ptrh«ps-«he" guilijr peiBoiiinayie ope dn.mam'W I susjntHon/will wrjlal^ ? 1 I ^aiwr^?S;**V "^ore . 1 