ROW A GOOb 'Ifl tWLV LrpT. On the night of October 27th, ls4B2shegood ship "Mary Oompton,' of Bristol, England, was etroggling with a fearful galeiff the ceast of North America.. :,The wind blew furiously, but' the \wouther. wau'elear; iifle ?Capnoio exDoortd every rnomb~to'get sipht.?of the likbh?-h t~B' If~ithaous?. dfi. Si'?:'r Rook Shoale. Thislighthdue'niodiledthientrance to the harbour. OIdde thbsb, and thqsjsire safe, Rure of his position, he salledoit3ooedn ently. :Five mibtue slateftheehio atstok -*ili-a fear fol shook and weht'topieoee.'?s'o ur men, in oluding the Cqptain, were eaverd tOn0 reach. g! the. bshore they fou-trlatrh?-ge thing had happened. An.enemy of the ighthbuse.keeper hadtbound him bandand footand qtipgishbed the ligliht.e,~ *-.4 :'o * Ssnls o l a !hips, eaod by~the lights. Rope jl mbot .imprtant :lghjhouse in the world. .W)et .P i l bt "a.id oftlie man who darkees it ea'the'k of h-~ibrm·tadesldspirit o You ahebstl huntiioia." tdhese wolds verb said bya physioianuto-aoiwnan tho had uome to conthti h. i~~htg that he thought o, bq .he the righp to sy eo. No; for e might be wpp-- n aypaset he had no hbeinese to put out the&ht;:m This woman had been ill fr some time, In bflne, 1889, shevd ,4 ro ltlj~ by her symp~ims, UTr, ' ji a tt , and she was ps 'iddy slpeuul si odotlt;d, Her be-hid'-*hirledO "etqp;"i tx idsal'al"Ittbjscts seemed to go into-iloud." .BShe had to nold herself up or sit downok'feas?" f tlliog. She broke out in a swekhthltbhongh cold as death. A dreadfal cough rsacked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. .?? icb l& eicaroely ri~csWtabod6she house," he .says, "I was so weak. Z triad different se'rnibiisieid msdiuinuu'#iithostt aep~ll 'I trout t. the Dispensaryj at New Brigg?th, and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 'I have mired' you some medicine; you can thne It or leave it. I tookit for three reek. then qave up in disapair. "I talked with two other phljioiane; The last one said, ' You are passed human aid.' "My heart sank within me, for I lbd five little children, and my death would leare them withont a mother's love and ware, -I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no ap. petite, and had lost fleeh till I was~ aus thin as a ghost! My mother came to see mc and did not know me. .My skin was of a got-rn and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stickin my throut About thin time I omeeneecd vomiting, and whlt I threw up was tinged with blobd. Onoe I hgs:: to vomit at nioe o'clock on a Saturday morusiog and scarcely got rest from it uitil Mond!y morn ing. " At this time I remembered that Mrs. Wilson, with whom I formerly wo;rk'd in Crawford's Mill, in East Street. Loeds (where I live), had been oured by Mother heigol's Ourative Syrup. to I sent to Mr. Jessoon's, the Chemist, in Great Garden Street, and got a bottle. A few doses stopped the vomiting, and by degrees from day to day I felt tetter. Snoon I could eat a dry orust, and by the :ime I hbd floished the second bottle I haoi got over all my bad symptoms, and wao last gettis- oay strength hack. I am now (April, 1800), in better helohh than ever before nm my life. "I should have taken Mother Sos;'s. Cara. tive Syrup sooner, but my hlusobelsni weo ot of work and we had only a tr fl. commes i,; frcm his club, but I thank God I slit to t last, andit eired me, bad f cflsn I as All my friends rnd neighbaurs know tis: foc:r 1 hLove relate:d, and I wiil reply to 'ny . 2. i. f en. quiry." (Siigcrs), Mrs. Ann Mill:, i3. D:cld. atrest. York Road, Leeds. This weas a cano of indigestion ad drspepe!a, with symptoms thowine how f.r;, l-taiffosted the nerv-te?s ?- m. A fse mout'b, or pos sibly weekn s.,e., and Mrs. Millk would have had no la'o t reL S. he did wroeog to wait one hour for any reason, after haotsug known what Mother Seigs?l's Curative Syrup had done for her friend, Mrs. Wileon. 