HOW A GOOD SHIP WAS LOST. On the night of October 97th, 1840, the good ship " Mary Comptoo," of Bristol, Enaland, was struggling with a fearful gale off the coast of North America. The wind blew furiously, but the weather was clear, and the Captain expected every moment to get sight of the light in the lighthouse on the Iron Rock Shoals. , This lighthouse marked the entrance to.the harbour. Once there, and. they, were safe. Sore of- his position, lie sailed on confidently. Five minutes later the ship struck with a fearful shock and went to pieces. _ Four men, in cluding the Captain, were saved. On reach. ing the shore they found a strange thing had happened. An enemy of the lighthouse keeper had bound him hand and foot and extinguished the light. Souls, as well as ships. steer by the lichte. Hope is the most important light house in the world. What shall be said of the man who darkens it in the face of a storm-tossed spirit? " You are beyond human aid." These words were said by a physician to a woman who had come to consult him. Admitting that he thought so. had he the right to say so? No; for he might -be wrong-and in any case b hhad no business to put out the light. This woman had been ill for some time. In June. 1889, she was greatly alarmed by her symtoms. Her heart palpitated, and she was so giddy she could scareely stand. Her head whirled "and," she said, "all objects seemed to go into a cloud." She had to hold herself up or sit down for fear of falling. She broke out in a sweat although cold as death. A dreadful coogh racked her frame so that she could not lie down in bed and sleep. "I could scarcely crawl about the house," she says, "I was so weak." I tried different remedies and medicines without avail. I went to the Dispen ary at New Briggate and asked the doctor to tell me the worst. His answer was, 'I have mixed' you some medicine; you can take it or leave it. I took it for three weeks, then gave up in despair. - "I talked with two other" physicians. The last one said, "You are past human aid." " My heart sank within me, for I had five little children, and my death would leave them without a mother's love and care. I went home and cried till I was sick. I had no appetite and had lost flesh till I was thin as a ghost I My mother camnie to see me and did not know me. My skin was of a green and yellow colour, and when I ate anything it seemed to stick in my throat. About this time I commenced .vomiting, and what-I .thrsw'up was.tiyged :nth. bloed._,.Once I began to vomit at nineo'eleck on a Satdrday morning and scarcely got rest from it until Monday morning. S"At this time I remembered that Mro. Wilson, with whom I formerly worked in Crawford's Mill, in East Street, Leeds (where I live), had been cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrep. So I sent to Mr. Jesson's the Chemst, -in Great.Garden Street; and got a bottle. A.few doses stopped the vomiting, - and by deress from day today f felt better. Soon I could eat a dry crust, and by the timel had finished the second bottle I- had got over all my bad symtoms, and was fast getting my strength back. I am eow (April, 1890), In better health than ever before in my life. ..h"I should have taken Mother Seigels's Curative Syrup sooner, but my husband was out of work and we had only a trifle comink in from his club, but I thank God I did get it at last, and it curcd me, bad off as I was. All my friends and neiehbors know the facts I have related, and I will reply to any letters of enquiry." : (Singed), Mrs. Ann Mills. 40, Bread Street, York Road. Leeds.' SThis was a case of indigestion and dyspepsia, with symptoms showing how far it had affected the nervous system. A- few months, or possiblyweeks more, and Mrs. Mills would have no tale to tell. - , She did wrong to wait -one hour .for any reason, after having knowna what Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup- had- done for her friend Mrs. Wilson. " - 