Aborigines' Protection Society. OPENING OF THE BRIBIE ISLAND MISSION. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) HISTORY OF THE MISSION. About two years ago Mr. Matthews, the gentleman who has laboured so long and so successfully amongst the blacks at the mission station of Maloga, New South Wales, paid a visit to Brisbane. He was accompanied by two or three aborigines who had been reclaimed from their former semi-savage state. His description of the work he had undertaken and the manifestly beneficial results to the blacks who came with him, evoked a considerable amount of interest amongst philanthropically minded people in this city, and ere long a strong and well organised society, having for its object the amelioration of the condition of the Queensland blacks, was started. Of course, the first thing to do was to secure a suitable place where the mission could be established, and where its work could be carried on satisfactorily. At that time the committee's idea was to obtain a Reserve at Durrundur, but they soon discovered that the residents in that district had applied for the cutting up and sale of the land in ques- tion, and the application had been granted by the authorities. Moreover, the district was becoming closely settled, and in the neigh- bourhood of the reserve there were some public-houses, a fact which, taken by itself would materially militate against the success of the proposed mission station. They were requested to look round for another loca- tion, and after some time they hit upon Bribie Island. When this suggestion was made to the Government the committee were asked to visit the island and point out a spot which they considered likely to answer their requirements. Thereupon Messrs. Geo. Grimes and G. Lang went out to " view the landscape o'er," and they selected a place on the shore of the island about opposite to the entrance to the Glass-house Mountain Creek. The site is regarded as the most eligible one in the neighbourhood, as the land is about the highest in that part of the island, and the mission would be in full view of Mr. Thomas Tripconey's oyster station, which would be a great advantage for signalling purposes in case of the necessity for assistance occurring. No objection was made to the site, and about the end of last year the Government completed the erection of two substantial houses for the use of the mission at a cost of something like £500. Then it was discovered that the houses had been built on an "oyster camp reserve" of 5 acres, and Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, the present Colonial Secretary, informed the com mittee that the buildings would have to be removed. But hopes are entertained that some arrangement will be arrived at. The committee of the society had no idea when they selected this site that any of the land on Bribie had been reserved, with the exception of a not very ex- tensive area at the southern end of the island. Bribie Island and its Aborigines. The houses necessary for the mission having been erected, pending the settlement of the question of priority of right to the reserve, the oommittee proceeded to find occupants for the station; and it was a somewhat difficult task. Near the Refuge at Dunwioh there has been for a long time a camp of aborigines, some of whom are Stradbroke Islanders. This camp has been a standing menace to the good government of Dunwich, for many of the blacks included in it were intractable, and their near association with the inmates of the refuge was objectionable in the extreme. These people could never be subjected to any degree of discipline worth speaking of, and even when fairly comfortable huts were provided, as a general rule they declined to occupy them, preferring the wretched shelter of the gunyahs which they built themselves. Dr. P. Smith, the medical officer in charge of the refuge, has for a good while been anxious to rid the island of the whole camp, mainly on account of the perilous influence which it had upon the European residents. This fact came to the knowledge of the committee of the Aborigines' Protection Society, and it was thought that a very good beginning for the Bribie Island Mission Station might be made if the Dunwich blacks would be removed thither. Here again they were met with a diffi culty. Not so many years ago that it is beyond the remembrance of hundreds of the present European residents of Brisbane, the island of Bribie was inhabited by a tribe which is described as including amongst its members the most warlike, bloodthirsty, and cruel blacks of South Queensland. Physi cally, I am told, they were infinitely superior to the natives of the mainlands or the adjacent islands, and they had a disagreeable habit of occasionally varying their diet. Pro bably the pasture lands of the marsupials on the lowlying and swampy country of the island occasionally showed a scarcity of game, and then the enterprising Bribie Islanders would "take shipping," cruise over to Moreton, Stradbroke, or the mainland, engage in a most exhilarating battue, and come back laden with trophies, which to the villainous anthropophagi were full compensation for all the deprivations they had endured during the preceding unsatisfactory game seasons. It was—if the story of these interesting islanders is correctly related—an easy matter for them to overcome the disastrous effects of a drought or of a heavy flood; and they always regarded necessity as a law which brooked no infringe ment. As a consequent they got rather a bad name amongst their compatriots. A gentle man, whose word if his name were mentioned would be regarded as proof sufficient of the statement, said yesterday that he had seen some 400 "braves" assembled for a big full evening dress ''corroborree" in the neighbour hood of Redcliffe about thirty years ago. They were having a really good time, and, in fact, the merriment which in English minds accom miles the jingling of marriage bells was nothing to the whole-souled enjoyment which they were indulging in. Suddenly by some of those peculiar telegraphic agencies which the blacks operated so successfully, the news arrived that the Bribie Islanders were "on the warpath." A moment previously the "braves," by voice and gesture, had echoed Byron's festive mandate, •"Let joy be uncon fined." A moment after the warning of their silent tocsin they were "heeling it" at a rate which would put our Breakfast Creek ponies to the blush. Some of them got away. They were the young "braves." For some months afterwards the Bribie boys wallowed in the lap of luxury. But these "good old times"—from a Bribie Islander point of view—have passed away, and the Bribie Islanders with them. It is doubtful whether there are more than half-a-dozen representatives of the tribe now alive. Nevertheless, from this brief and possibly accurate historical sketch, it can hardly be regarded as remarkable that many of the Moreton Bay blacks regard this island with distaste, not to say aversion. A man who recently died at Dunwioh, when asked what he thought of the proposed removal of the blacks to Bribie, said: "Look here; I don't swear, I give that up ; but if you want to hear me swear, you talk to me alonga Bribie!" It seems to be a regular hereditary superstition that Bribie is the haunt and abiding place of all that is evil, and although the blacks know as well as we do that the Bribie Islanders are gone "to their place," they seem to fear that the very ghosts of these defunct cannibals will make things uncomfortable for them if they attempt to reside on this fateful isle. Here was another difficulty which the society had to face, and I think they are in a fair way to overcome it. It is proverbial that the blacks are fond of their children. For some time a number of their yonngsters have been at school at Dunwich under the care of Mr. W. Ballas tun, and their progress has been very satisfac tory ; indeed, the teacher says that their work —considering the fact that they have not the benefit of "home influence" as we know it— compares favourably with that which might be expected from European children. The parents, although careless of themselves, seem anxious that their offspring should be enabled to improve their condition. They are not entirely conservative, and their actions in this regard do not seem to support Henrik Ibsen's theory—at all events as a natural law. And this is the fulcrum by means of which the society hopes to raise the mission to a success ful status, and with it to raise the few blacks now remaining with as to a position far re moved from their present intolerable depravity. It is very hard to get the adults to relinquish their nomadic habits, born of hereditary necessity; but they love their children, and it is argued that if the children are once induced to settle on such a reserve, their elders in the desire for their children's companionship will gradually learn to appreciate and adopt the habits of civilisation. Transferring the Blacks from Dunwich. On Wednesday morning of last week the follow ing members of the committee of the society em barked on the Government steamer Miner :— Messrs. J. M. Meyers, H. S. Grenfell, W. P. Reid, G. Lang, F. Webb, J. Ross, the Rev. James Stewart; and the Rev. J. Fuller and Mr. W. Foote as representing the Ipswich branch of the association. Accompanying these gentle men were several ladies who had manifested an interest in the work of the society, and the Ipswich members had brought with them two influential blacks of that district, in the hope that after seeing the place they would induce some of their tribal friends to join the mission and make their homes at Bribie. Captain A. H. Gruer, the courteous commander of the Miner, lost no time in getting away, and at 11.45 he had his steamer alongside the Dunwich jetty. Under the guidance of Dr. Smith, several gentlemen went round so many of the wards of the refuge as the time at their disposal would permit them to visit. Others busied themselves in con versing with the blacks, and in finding out those who were willing to change their habita tion. They were more successful than they had expected, for they got on board three adults and ten children. It was a pleasing yet somewhat affecting sight, that parting on the Dunwich jetty. One woman who spoke good English sent off three of her children, retaining only one, an infant about twelve months old. "You're all right, Edie," she said to the oldest girl, "you go down to Bribie, and I come and see you on Friday. Don't you cry, and look after your brothers." When I asked her why she did not come too, she replied, "Oh, I don't know. They are all right, and I can go and see them any time," I queried, "But are you going to stay here? It's a long way to Bribie, you know." " Well," she said, "I'll stay here a day or two, and then go and see them." "Won't you go and live at Bribie?" "I don't know ; by and by perhaps, but may be I can get work at Cleve- land or Wellington Point." The children cried a little, but the mother encouraged them and the elder sister aided her ; but as the steamer left the wharf I could see big tear-drops falling from the eyes of that black woman, and as she strained her youngest born to her breast she gazed at the departing ones with an expression that plainly said, "Shall I see them again?" This woman, and one or two others were very active in inducing a peculiarly frowsy female, who did not look like an aborigine nor yet like a kanaka, to go on board. After we had got away from Dunwich I learned the reason of this strange alacrity, and also a little of the history of this woman. Mary they call her, but what her real name is, or where she came from, no one can say. She was picked up some time ago in an open boat at sea, and with her there was a young child. I was told that there was evidence that when the boat started on its cruise there must have been two men in it as well. What became of them no one knows. This woman was sent to Dunwich, but from the outset she maintained a sullen and morose demeanour. She could not be induced to speak, and although kanakas from many of the South Sea Islands attempted to converse with her, no one could be found who spoke her lan guage. So she has lived for some two years, speaking to no one and unspoken to ! When she came on board the Miner she evidently did not know whither she was being taken, and she maintained a distrustful and apprehensive demeanour all the way to Bribie. It was learned by the committee that during the time she had been at Dunwioh her charac ter was not of the best, as she could not agree with any of the other blacks, and that was the reason they were so glad to get rid of her. It was said also that she understood English well enough, but like so many of the Chinese pre ferred to assume ignorance in the sure know ledge that it would save her the performance of a certain amount of work, but another state ment weighed more with me than either of these. They said that if ever she was asked about her home she sobbed and wept like a child. I wondered and still wonder if it would not be a Christian act to place this poor, lonely, homeless waif, degraded and immoral as she may be, in communication with the child that was found in the boat with her, and which is now they say at Lytton ! It is apparently the only connecting link between her and her home land, wherever that may be, which is known in this colony—and perhaps it was her own child. To finish with this subject now I may say that I have seldom seen any thing more affecting than the condition of that poor creature. The ladies on board the Miner showed her every kindness, and did their utmost to induce her to partake of food, but she stolidly declined all such overtures. She spoke two or three words apparently touched by the sympathy exhibited by those of her own sex, and then reassumed that savagely suspicions look so well known to those who have had dealings with our black-skinned brethren. Like Rachel of old, she refused to be comforted. The other passengers on the Miner were happy enough. They knew where they were going, and were content. Undoubtedly the site chosen for the mission station is as good a one as Bribie Island affords. The fault of it is the approach, for the channel is shallow and tortuous. Captain Gruer, however, by feeling his way with the lead, and by occasionally slowing and even stopping the engines, got close up to the shore without any delay, and in fact made a rapid passage across the Bay. As soon as the steamer came to an anchor the passengers were landed, and cordially welcomed by Mr. A. J. Tyson, the gentleman in charge of the mission, and by Mrs. Tyson, his mother. The ladies of the party busied themselves in pre paring tea for the youngsters after Mr. Mathewson had photographed the group, and also the steamer, and then the Government rations sent down by the Miner were landed. By this time night had fallen, and the mosquitoes were, as Mr. Stewart expressed it, "unduly familiar." However, the party having finished their serious business, regarded the balance of the expedition as a picnic, and proceeded to make the best of the circumstances in the true spirit of picnickers. Tea having been served and thoroughly enjoyed, the tables were cleared, and a little inaugural meeting was held, the speakers at which expressed the hope that the mission would prove of lasting benefit to the aborigines. 