THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. "The influenza epidemic still continues." I have been reading that sentence daily in my Argus for heaven knows how many weeks past with all the comfortable nonchalance of a healthy contributor on the look out for "subjects." "Dear me," I thought to myself, "the epidemic is getting quite popular. I must certainly touch it some of these fine days." Meantime the influenza has touched me, and somehow or other I cannot dash into the subject in my usual light-hearted little way. I realise at odd moments that it is hard to be epigrammatic on quinine, and my pet idioms seem some- how to smack consumedly of draughts, and boluses, and crumbs in the bedclothes, and the hundred and one other plea- sant little variations which relieve the monotony of the sick man's couch. "A cloud by day, a pillar of fire by night"— that has been my mental condition. And my fitful slumbers are haunted by a ghost— not the fine old traditional spectre with "the splash of blood on the dicky"—but a melan- choly personage, with reproachful gaze and poetic eyes looking a mute appeal for "copy." What, by-the-by, must be the mental condition of a printer unsupplied with "copy"? What the fearful consequences of failing to satisfy an appetite wont to batten on clots of leaded matter? Would he cut his throat with a column- rule? would he eat the printer's ink and die? or would he, like Mr. Hancock, fall from grace and enter Parlia- ment? I confess that in all my experience I only met one printer in such a predicament, and he was a man of unequalled resource. It was his duty to bring out an ultra-religious weekly, and it generally happened that the parsons who ran it, though other- wise excellent men, had their fail- ings, and their failings usually took the shape of short copy. At the last moment the printer always fell back upon a large volume of Watts's sermons. First measuring up the space to be filled he would cut a slip of equal length, introduce it with the remark that "the following observations by a distinguished divine will be of great in- terest to our readers," and run it in regard- less of consequences. "How much do we want—seven and a half inches?" he would say to the foreman. "Can you get that block of Beecham's pills in? No! Oh well, fill it up with Dr. Watts and get to press." The idol's feet were made of clay after all. Carbine has fallen, and the mourners go about the streets in their new Cup suits of sackcloth, faced with ashes, and refuse to be comforted, but the bookmaker flourishes like a green bay tree and devours the substance of the poor. Blessed are they who lay dead 'uns, for they shall have turkey and champagne. And yet there are minnows among the leviathans, and one must not grudge them a stray gleam of sunshine to relieve the cold grey of chronic impecuniosity. I saw a small bookmaker the other evening with the hooked nose that indicates disinterested benevolence, and the large patterned garments that are the signs and tokens of blind belief in human nature, who had not even a sovereign to lend to his friend. They were standing on that windy night under the Town-hall portico, and there was a world of passionate pleading in the small ferret-eyes of the famous detective as he begged for the loan of a quid, but the voice of the fielder was dumb for once. "I tell yer I ar'n't got no quid," he whispered sadly, standing in the full blaze of the lamplight, with his feet apart and his hands thrust deep into his trousers pockets, as if afraid that the expert might desire to satisfy himself of the fact by personal exploration. "Well, if yer ar'n't got the stuff, I knows a mug in the Cawfey Palace that we could touch for a bit. Come and borry it for a pal," returned the other. "S'elp me Moses, why don't yer borry it yerself?" Then the famous detective drew himself up and smiled a superior smile. "Me borry a quid!" he said. "Not much. I'm too 'igh-bred, I am." The little man in the large patterned suit opened a mouth several sizes too large for him and bleated out, "Yer are 'igh-bred! Of course yer are, sonny—werry 'igh-bred. Yer was born in a bloomin' garret, wasn't yer?'' And so they parted sadly. And Vengeance is scratched. Let me say hooray, for had not this plaguey devil of the influenza laid me by the heels my modest pile would assuredly have gone—where so much more good money has vanished—to the gentlemen who obligingly lay you those deceitful little doubles. Not that I know much about the horse but his name sticks in my memory because a dear old racing friend once made the sole epigram of an otherwise honourable life over it. "Vengeance is mine," he exclaimed in a moment of inspira- tion. "I will repay," he might have added, but there his memory failed him—it always did. He got so proud of this bon mot that he used to go about explaining it to people. "It's a quotation, you know," he said, with pardon- able pride; "I forget which of the papers I saw it in, but it comes in neatly, doesn't it?" Talking of "doubles"—especially as the first week in November is approaching, and it is fitting that these notes should contain some flavour of the turf—suggests to me that even a good double is not always the best thing in the world. Brown and Jones and Robinson are for ever writing to the papers to explain that they are not the par- ticular Brown or Jones or Robinson who was presented at such and such a court on the previous day for aspersing the character of their mother's maiden aunt, or assaulting a tramway conductor with a brick. I know a man myself who has a double, and the unfortunate thing is that the double is a merry dog with an unconscionable weak- ness for the social glass; and a subsequent partiality for retiring to rest on the kerb- stone. "I say, old fellow," people are always saying to my friend, "I heard you were going it pretty extensively last night"— this with a knowing wink. And when my friend says "Me?" with proper indignation, they hurriedly change the subject, and accost the next acquaintance with, "Heard about poor old So- and-so? His father got locked up yesterday for drunkenness. Awful thing for poor old So-and-so, isn't it?" Who can say, after this kind of thing, that the hon. member for Hawthorn has not taken a very wise and proper course in altering the pro- nunciation of his name from Taylor to Tyler! I must really cure myself of this perni- cious habit of rambling. I had started on a racing theme, mid lo! at the very first word, I was off, literally and figuratively, at the double. What I was going to say when I very rudely interrupted myself was that this year the "books" seemed likely to have an uncommonly good time of it. But then when do they not? Even now that the land boom is bust, and in the genteel residences where refined homes are offered to single gentlemen (washing and Christian society included) the mutton is distributed through the hash with a less lavish hand than of yore, my friend, Mr. Shadrach (20 years with the eminent firm of Meshach and Abednego), can still afford his baby bottles and his Brobdingnagian cigars. He has even started a hansom, tooled by a diminutive tiger, for the possession of whom Sir William Clarke is reported to have offered untold gold and he imports his clothes from Bond-street. His habits however, and his finger nails are still racy of the soil. And all this elegance is made out of doubles. Once only was he struck—in Malia's year—and it so happened that he had taken the two adolescent Shadrachs to the Cup. When the favourite romped in and the hats were in the air, the boys, carried away by the prevailing excitement, cheered lustily with the crowd Then it was that the people on the stand were aware of a perspiring metallician, with anguish painted on his aquiline features, waving his hands franti- cally. "Ikey! Mo! you little devils," he shouted, "it's the favourite wots won; yer father's lost his good greed. No hooray- ing is required." Besides the double there is only one in- fallible receipt for wealth, and that is so simple and so transparent that it confounds me to think how people can possibly over- look it. Yet after all, every great invention has been marked by its exceeding simplicity. The man who thought of sticking a piece of indiarubber on the end of a lead pencil made a fortune, just because the idea occurred to him first. But this other recipe for fortune was given to me yesterday by a gentleman whom I met on the Block, and whom I com- plimented on his blooming appearance. He mildly confessed that he had been "doing a little in shares." Then did I beseech him to put me on to a good thing in silver, or to elucidate the inner mysteries of trams. "Dear boy," he said to me with conscious pride, "I don't bother about tips. I work it on a system of my own. The fact is"—and here his voice sank to a confidential whisper— "I buy 'em when they're low and sell 'em when they're high. Ta ta!" The consultation sweep—or at least the participation of Victorians in this species of excitement—is to be stopped by the Post-office authorities. At first sight a humdrum insti- tution such as the Post-office seems unequal to coping with so mighty an organisation as the leviathan sweep which may have its roots in a Miller or a Tattersall's, and spread its branches to the utmost limits of the conti- nent. But a Government department, given autocratic powers and backed by special legislation if necessary, can, it has been proved, do almost anything. In Sydney it has been made illegal to take money for totalisator investment upon the kerbstone, but it may be lawfully accepted in the gutter. This is a legal distinction with a certain re- finement of sarcasm about it, if the public would only pause to observe it. But they don't. They simply take their stand in the pellucid streamlet that trickles down the street channelling, as nearly as possible oppo- site the premises of the enterprising tobacco- nist who runs the machine. Presently a mysterious-looking individual emerges care- fully, evacuates the footpath as vexed terri- tory, and wades like them into the lowly sanctuary of the gutter. Then he relieves those in attendance of such loose cash as they have about them and conveys it cheer- fully to the money- spinner within. It is all quite romantic and although that is the last seen of the coin the investors go away in very hopeful case indeed. As regards consultations, an unbridled license given to post-office authorities in the matter of opening letters combined with certain restrictions as regarded newspaper advertising, produced the desired effect of killing the sweeps in New Zealand, but only after a spirited resistance extremely painful to the disinterested onlooker. In framing their advertisements the sweep promoters were driven to mask their ulterior objects with irrelevant verbiage, too thin to deceive anyone except, it was fondly hoped, the police authorities. Nothing is more ex- cruciating than to watch the contortions of a "Robin Hood," an "Adam Bede," or an "Ada Mantua" in a literary effort of this kind. He can generally make a fair hand at all figures except figures of speech, and meta- phor utterly floors him. In New Zealand the public read for months, in newspaper ad- vertisements, how on such and such a day so many bars of soap would be exhibited, a cata- logue of which could be obtained by forward- ing £1 to the address below. The most highly scented soap would carry prizes of &c.;, &c.; Or it would run that on a given day a specified number of knights would ride forth to battle, or a special line of new potatoes would be offereel for sale labelled so and so. All this did not mislead the police force to an extent worth speaking about, while it made the sweep promoters grow very haggard in- deed, and reduced many of their patrons to despair. When the mental strain became too great the whole consultation system crumbled and came down suddenly, with a load of imaginative literature on the top of it. Whatever we do in Victoria with our sweep promoters, do not let us drive them to literary composition. The wind that comes from the wet-blown face of the sea laden with the fragrance of old boots and rotting seaweed and decayed Government officials and ship- chandlers' stores has not been able to protect Williamstown from the in- fluenza, and now that Mr Hammond has been laid by the heels for a time the ceremony of dealing the inward-bound ships is deputed to a genial Irishman. You see him in his glory when he goes aboard a foreign vessel with the health officer and in- terrogates the nervous German medical gen- tleman about the health of the passengers. "Anny live stock on board? Anny pigs or Chinamen?" he enquires breezily, and having received a satisfactory answer goes on to the next business. "How are they all this voyage, doctho? Have ye anny cases of phisis or consumption?" The medical gen- tleman brightens up. "Ja, we haf a man mit only one leg, bot he goes on to Sydney." "Och! that's all right, docthor, an how's the rest av thim? Can they wurruk? Are they well off" "Ja, they are all right. They are safe-und-soun'." "Oh, bedad, if they have sivin pound they can land av coorse. They ain't paupers at all, at all." So the flags are hauled up, and the band on the poop plays the "Wacht am Rhein" as the good ship Frank- forter Wurst comes up to the pier. Anglo-Saxon immigrants have been finding fault with their victuals on board German mail steamers. Naturally enough the British constitution rejects a diet of worms, but the average passenger is hard to please all the same. He expects ducks and green peas for six weeks in consideration of the payment of £13 10s., and grudges it if he be not satisfied. Our friend Brown, who has been grumbling ever since he came on board at Southampton, and ventilating his insular prejudice against the excellent fare provided for the first-class passengers, brightens up wonderfully at the sight of Government-house. He has a letter of introduction in his pocket, which he feels in his heart will procure for him high con- sideration and dry champagne and a seat among the blessed ones whose legs go under the Governor's mahogany. He was nobody at home and therefore naturally expects to be somebody at the Antipodes. Watch him nego- tiating with the Custom house officers. "Heah, you fellah! Take my traps ashaw, will you? 1 have a lettah from Lord Salis- bury, you know, and I'm going to Govern- ment-house." "Oh, go to —, and open your boxes. Look sharp; I can't wait here all day." The visitor gapes. "Bai Jove, Christie Murray is quite right about the beastly colonies. No reverence for their bettahs at all. They don't seem evah to have heard of Lord Salisbury, and I've had to eat pea soup with plums in it all the way out." One of the two most disconsolate men in Melbourne just now is the chief commis- sioner of railways. One man one vote and the influenza combined have temporarily crushed him, but of the two the former visitation has been far the more virulent in its operation. Me Speight was ob- served progressing apologetically—almost shambling—to his office the other day, with not a trace of the erect and sprightly carriage which was wont to characterise him a few months ago when he walked in the proud consciousness that he had been called disloyal, disingenuous, and incompetent in one at least of that day's papers, that his motives had been impugned, his actions derided, and even his phenomenally shaped occiput made a peg upon which to hang abuse. His clothes hung loosely on him, and there was too evidently something wanting independently of flesh. The explanation needed no laborious seeking. The chief commissioner had dropped out of practical politics and had been severely bumped by the fall. After standing so long in the fore- front of the battle with the din of strife in his ears this sudden relegation to the limbo of forgetfulness is a change more violent than he can bear. The Railway Commissioners' Discipline Bill is almost dead, and for the time being Mr Speight and his colleagues are to Parliament and the public non-existent. A chance meet- ing between Messrs. Speight and Shiels (also a shadow of his former self) the other day was affecting in its simple pathos. "Do something," pleaded the chief commissioner wearily. "Write us something—about a lion's paw or an ass's jawbone—anything will do." But the Minister sadly shook his head. "Three weeks or so out of the House," he murmured, "but forgotten already. Such is fame. The country has got on without me; Turner has administered my depart- ments and his own as well without winking, and found time to sit on Zola into the bargain. No one cares any longer to see us fight; we had better be friends. There is nothing else to do." 