THE LEGEND OF THE WEEPING CHAMBER. ¡, A strange story was once told the by a Levantine lady of my acquaintance, which I shall endeavour to relate-as far as I j am able with the necessary abridgments -i-in her own Words. The circumstances under which she told it were peculiar: The family had jost boen disturbed by the ! visit of a ghost-a real ghost, visible if not palpable. She-was not what would be called superstitious ; and though following I with more or less assiduity the practices of her religion, was afflicted now and ? then with a flt of perfect materialism. I j i was surprised, therefore to hear her relate, ' with every appearance of profound faith, the following incidents : ' There is au old house in Beyroat, which, for many successive years, was inhabited by a Christian family. It is of great extent, aud was of yore fitted for the dwelling of a prince. The family had, indeed, in early times been very rich, and almost fabulous accounts are current of the wealth of its founder, Fad lallah Dahan. Se was a merchant, the owner of ships,, and the fitter-out of caravans. The regions of the East aud of the West had been visited by him, and after undergoing as many dangers and adventures as Sinbad, he had returned to spend tho latter days of his life in his native city. He built accordingly a mag- nificent dwelling, the courts of which lie adorned with marble fountains, and the chambers with silk divans, and he was envied pn account of his prosperity. ¡But, in the restlessness of his early yoars he had omitted to marry and now found himself near the close of his career without ab heir to inherit his property, and to perpetuate his name. The reflection often disturbed him, yet he was unwilling to take a wife because ho was old. Every now aud then it was true he saw men older than he, with fewer teeth and whiter beards taking to their bosoms maidens blooming like peaches just beginning to ripen against a wall, and his friends, who knew he would give a magnificent marriage-feast, urged aim to do likewise. Once he looked with pleasure on a yonng person of not too tender years, whose parents purposely Eresented her toto him : but having asked er in à whisper whether she would like j te marry a withered old gentleman like I himself, she frankly confessed a prefer- ence for his handsome young clerk, Herma, who earned a hundred piasters a month. Fadlallah laughed philosophi- cally, and took cat-e tttat the yonng couple should be married under happy auspices. One day he was proceeding along the street gravely anof slowly-Wounded by a number of merchants proud to walk hy his side, and followed by two or three Îoung men who pressed near in order to e thought of the company and thus es- tablish their credit-when an old woman espying him, began to cry out, "Teh! yett i this is the man who has no wife and no chUd-tîus is the man who is going to die aijd leave his fortune Jo be robbed %y fcji servants, pr confiscated by the governor! And yet he has a sagacious nbse-~(j;bè Orientais have observed that lhere is wisdom in a nose)--and a beard s as long as my back ! Yeh ! yoh ! what a wonderful sight to see !" Fadiailah Dalian stoppei aud retorted, smiling-" Yah ! yeh ! this is the woman that blames au old man for not marrying a young wife. Yeh ! yeh ! what a wonder- ful sight to see !" Then the woman replied, " Oh, .my lord, every pig's tail curls not ia the same direction, nor does every maiden admire the passing quality of youth. If thou wilt, I will bestow on thee a wife, who will love thee as thou lovest thyself, and serve thee as the angels serve Allai). She is more beautiful thau any of the daugh- ters of! Beyrout. and her name is Saliina, a name of good augury." The friends of Fadiailah laughed, ns did the young nun who followed in their wake, ami nrged him to go and see this: peerless beauty, if it wflre ouly for a joke. Accordingly, he told the woman to lead i way. But she said he mu9t mount his j [ mule, for they had to go some distance in the country. He mouuted and, with a 1 Ririgfla servant, wont forth from the gates -the woman preceding-and roda uulil he reached a village in the mountains. Here, in a poor little house, he found Selinia, clothed in the very commonest style engaged in making cushions. She ¡ was a marvellously beautiful girl, aud the heart of the . merchant-at once begau to yearn towards hor ; yet he endeavoured to restrain himself and. said, ' This beauti- ful thing ÍB not for me.' But the woman cried out, ' Selima, wilt thou consent to love, this old tuan ?' The girl gazed in his face, awhile, and then folding her arms across her bosom, said 'Yes; for there is goodness in his countenance.'. Fadiailah wept with joy, and returning to the city, announced, his approaching marriage to his friends. Avco.diog to custom, they expressed civil surprise to. his face ; but, when his back was turned, they whispered that he was an old fool, and had boen thc dupe of a she-adventurer. . The marriage took place with cere- monies of .royal magnificence, and Selima, who passed unmoved from extreme poverty to. abundant riches, seemed to merit the. position of the greatest lady in Bóyrout. Never was woman more pru- dent than she. No one ever knew her previous history, nor that of her mother. Some said that a life of misery, perhaps, shams, was before them, when this unex- > pected marriage took place. Salima's gratitude to Fadiailah was _ unbounded, and out of gratitude "grew"love. The merchant daily offered up. thanks for the bright diamond which had come to shine in his house. " ' In dqe time a child was born, a boy lively as his mother, and they named him Halil. With what joy he was received, what festivities announced the glad in- telligence to the town may easily be ; imagined. Selima and Fadiailah resolved to devote themselves to his educatiou, and determined that he should be tho most accomplished youth in Bar er-Sham. But a long succession of children fol- lowed, each more beautiful than the former, soma boys, some girls, and every new-comer was received with additional delight and still grander ceremonies, no that the poople begau to say, " Is this a race of sovereigns ?" Now, Halil grew up lo the age of i twelve-still a charming lad, but the [ I parents, always folly occupied by the last arrival, had not carried out their project j of education. He was as wild and un- j tamed as a colt, and spent more of his time in the stroet than in the company of his mother, who, by degrees, began to j look upon him with a kind of calm friend- ! ship due to strangers. Fadiailah, as he took his accustomed walk with his mer- chant friends, used from time to time to encounter a ragged boy fighting in the j streets with tho sons of the Jew butcher, but his eyes beginning to grow dim he ! often passed without recognising him. One day, however, Halil breathless and bleeding ran up and took refuge beneath the skirts of Iiis mantle from a crowd of savage urchins. Fadiailah was amazed, and said, " O, my son-for I think thou art my son-what eyii has befallen thee, and wherefore dq I see thee in this state?" The boy, whose voice was choked with sobs, looked up into his face and said, " Father, I am the son of the richest merchant in Beyrout, and behold there is no one so little cared for as I." Fadlallah's conscience smote him, and he wiped the boy's bleeding face with the corner of his silk caftan, and blessed him, and, taking him by the hand, led him away. The merchants smiled beningly one to the other, and pointing with their thuinbs said, "We have .seen the model youth i" Whilst they laughed and sneered, Fadiailah, humbled, yet resolved, returned to his house leading the ragged. Halil, and entered his wife's chamber. Selima was playing with her seventh child, and teaching it to lisp the word 'Baba' about the amount of education she. had fonud time to. bestow , on each of her offspring. When she saw the plight of her eldest apu she frowned .and was about to scold him, bat Fadiailah interposed aud said, "Wife, speak up hark ivqrds. W$ have not done out: duty by this, boy. May God forgive tis ; but we have looked on those children that havo bloomed from thee, more as playthings, than as deposits fur which we are responsible. Halil has become a wild out-of-doors lad, doubting \ with some reason, our love. It it too late to bring hiin ,bft.çk to the destiny wo had dreamt of, but he must not be left to grow up uncared for. I have a brother estab- lished ia Bassora, to him will I send the lad to learn the art of commerce, aud to exercise himself in adventure, as his father did bofore bira. Bestow thy blessing on him Selima (hero the good old man's voice trembled), and may God iu his mercy forgive both theo and me for the neglect which has made this parting necessary, I shall know that I am fur given if, before I g.» down into tho tomb, my sou returns A wiso and sober mau, uot uumindtul thal we gave him lifo, and forgetting that, until now, ive have given him little else." Selim-i laid her seventh child iu its cradle of carved wood, and drew Halil to her bosom, and Fadilalah knew that she loved him still, because she kissed his face, regardless of the blood aud dirt th it stained it. She then washed him and dressed him, aud g-ivo him a purse of gold, aud handdd him over to his father, who had resolved to send him off by the caravan that started that very afternoon. Halil, surprised and made happy by un wonted caresses, was yet delighted at the idea of beginning au adventurous life, and went away, tnaafully stitíiuer his sobs, sud endeavouring to assume the grave deportment of a merchant. Selima shed a few tears, aud then attracted-by a crow and a chuckle from the cradle, bagan to tickle the infauts soft double chin, and went on with her lesson, ' Bata, Baba !' Halil started ou his journey, aud haviug passed through the Valley of Ribbers, the Valley of Lions, and the Valley of Dovils-this is the way ia which the Orientals localise the supposed dangers of travelling--arrived at the good city of Bissora, where his uncle re- ceived him well, and promised to send him as supercargo an board the first vessel, he despatched to the Indian seas. What time was spent by the caravan npou the road, the narrative does not state, Travelling is slow work in the East, but ahnest. immediately on his arrival io Bassora H4I11 was engaged in a lova adventure. If travelling is slow, j .the approaches of raauho»d ara rapid.! The youth!« curiosity was .excited by the j extraordinary care taken to conceal his ; opusin Miriam froth his sight, and having 1 introduced himself into her garden, be- held, and struck by her wonderful beauty, j loved her. With an Oriental fondues*, i he confessed the truth to Iiis und«, who. listened with anger and dismay, and told him that Mira n was betrothed to the Sultan. Halil perceived the danger of indulging his passiou, and promised to suppress if, but whilst ho played a pru- dent part Miriam's curiosity was also excited, and she too behold aud loved her . cousin. Bolts and bars cannot keep two such affections asunder. They mot and plighted their troth aud were married secretly, aud wore happy. But inevit- able discovery came. Miriam w u Mir . v 1 into a dungeon, and the unhappy Halil, loaded with chains. wa& put on board a vessel, not as supercargo, but as prisoner, with orders that he should be left in some distant country. Meanwhile a dreadful pestilence fell upon Beyrout, and among tho first sufferers was au eighth little one who .had just learned to say ' Baba !' Selima i was almost too astonished to be grieved. lt seemed to her impossible that death should come into her house, and meddle with the fruits of such suffering and love. When they came to take away the little form which she had so often fondled, her indignation burst forth, and she smote the first old woman who j stretched out her rough unsympathetic hand. But a shriek from her waiting j women announced that another victim was singled out, and the frantic mother j rushed like a tigress to defend the young that yet remained tq her. But the enemy was invisible, and (so the story goes) all her little ones dropped one by one and died, so that on the seventh day Selima sat in her nursery, and counting her losses upon her fingers-Iekender, Selima. Wardy, Fadiailah, Hanna, Hennenah, Geroges-seven in all. Then she remem- bered Halil, and her neglect of him, aud lifting up her voice she wept aloud, and, as the tears ran hot and fast down her cheeks, her heart yearned for her absent boy, and she would have parted with worlds to have fallen upon his breast would have given np her life in retara for que word of pardon and of Iq ve. F^lallah came in to her, a^nd he was now very/, old and feeble. His back was bent, and hu transparent hand trembled as it clutched a cane. A white beard surrounded a still white face, and as he came near to his wife he held out his hand to her with an uncertain gesture, as if the room had been dark. This world appeared to him but dimly. 'Selima,' saidiiè, ' the Giver hath taken. We too mU||,lp'in our tarn. Weep, my'love,. batrWeep with moderation, foi; those little onqs that hfwe gone to sing iii the golden .cages of ,Paradise. There is. a heavier sorrow in my heart. Since my first-bora, Halil, departed for Bassora, I haye only written once to learn intelligence of him. Ho was then well, and had been received with favour by his nude. We have never done our duty by that boy.' His wife replied, ' Do not reproach me, for I reproach myself more bitterly than thou canst do. Write, then, to thy brother, to obtain tidings of the beloved one. I will make of this chamber a weeping chamber. It has resounded with merri meut euough. All my children learned to latish aud to talk "here. I will hang it with' black, and erect a tomb in the midst, aud every day I will come and spend two hours and weep for those who aro gone and for him who is absent. Fadiailah approved her design, and they made a weeping chamber, and lamented together every day therein. But their letters to Bassora remained unanswered, and they began to believe that fate had chosen a sditary tomb for Halli, One day a woman, dressed in the garb of the poor, ca ne to the house of Fad i lallah with a boy about twelve years old. Wiien the merchant saw them he was struck with amazement for he beheld in 1 tiie boy the likeness of his son Hali!,- aud he called aloud to Selima, who, when she ' came, shrinked with amazemeut. The woman told her story, and it appeared that she was Miriam. Haviug Spent some mouths in prison she had escaped I and taken refuge in a forest, in the house ;* of her nurse. Hero sh* had ' given birth to a son, whom she had called by his father's name. When her strength re- turned she ha l set out as a beggar to travel all over the world in search of her lost husband. Marvellous were the ad- ventures she underwent, God protecting her, until she came to the land of Peasia, where she fonnd Halil working AS a slave ia the garden of the Governor of Fars.: After a few stolen interviews, she had again resumed her wanderings to seek for Fadiailah, that he might redeem hisr i son with wealth, but bad passed several? I years upon the road. ?, '-¡ Fortune, however, now smiled npou this unhappy family, and in spite oE hi& age, Fadiailah set out for Fara. Heaven, made the desert oasy and the road short y for him. On a fine calm evening he. entered the gardens of the governor, "and. found his son gaily singing as he trimmed an orange tree. After. a vain, attempt to preserve au incógnito, the. good old man lifted np his hands," and; shouting, ' Halil, my first born !' fell upon the breast of the astonished slave. Sweet was the interview in tho orange grover sweet the murmured conversation .ba-Ç tween the strong young man and the trembling patriarch, until the perfumed dew of evening fell upon their heads. Haiti's liberty was easiiy obtained, and falber and son returned in safety to Bey rout. Thou tho weeping chamber was closed aud the door walled np, and Fad- iailah and Selima lived happily until age gently did ifs work at their appointed time*, and Halil and Miriam inherited tho house and the wealth that had been gathered for them. The supernatural part of the story re- mains to be told. The Weeping Chamber was never again opened, but every tinto that a death was about to occur in the family, a shower of heavy tear drops was head to fall upon its floor, and low Wall- ings came through the walled doorway. Years, centuries, pissed away, and the mystery repeatfd itself with unvarying uniformity. The family fell into poverty and only occupied a portion of the house, but invariably before one of its members sickened nnto death, a shower of heavy drops, as from a thunder cloud, pattered on the pavement of the Weeping Cham- ber, and was heard distinctly at night through the whole house. At length the family quitted the country in search of better fortunes elsewhere, and the house remained for a long time uninhabited. The lady who narrated the story went to live in the house, and passed some years without being disturbed, but one night she. was lying awake, and distinctly heard the warning shower dripping heavily in the Weeping Chamber. Next day the news came of her mother's death, and she hastened to remove to another dwelling. The house "has since been utterly abandoned to rats, mice, beetles, and an occasional ghost seen sometimes streaming along the rain- pierced terraces. No one has ever attempted to violate the solitude of the sanctuary where Selima wept for the seven little ones taken to the grave, aud for the absent, one which she had treated, with uumqtherty neglect, 