LETTERS TO EDITOB. LIMESTONE AGAIN. Sir,-Your correspondent's Beoond letter evokes further memories in me. When Ipswioh and Darling Downs influence combined had beaten Brisbane on the railway question in 1803, they had a night of it in Limestone ; even Ben. Cribb smoked a friendly cigar that even- ing with the graziers of the Downs, and I do not think tobaooo was ever muoh in his Une. Good Old Ipswioh I It was a " live" plaoe fiom '54 to '61 ; but it is peopled with ghosts now when one recalls those who were there and are not." John Gammie, John Panton, Geo. Thorn, John Crowder, Wm. Dorsey, Blyth of Blythdale, Jimmy Laidley, Frank Lucas, " Gig lamps" Hamilton, John Murphy, Wattie Gray, and the " Colonel," of that ilk ; but why con- tinue the list ? Who remembers them ? AVhy, the very list of aldermen brings a whiff ot the old times. Charley Watkins, the auctioneer, with his huge carringa 1 and the other Charley W.-namely, Wheeler. Well, at the risk of being prolix, I must tell you two " yarns," in- dicative of the times that wero, but are no longer. When the Moreton Bay people olamoured for separation, " Old Mother Syd- ney" told us that the publie oreditor would not stand having part of his security taken away, and we must not ask for our liberty, when uprose Charley Wheeler, of Ipswich, a commission and forwarding agent in a small way, but of the usual gigantio Ipswich intellect, and thus he delivered himself : " What an absurd objection to separation 1 the publio oreditor 1 indeed 1 see here ! we should bo quite satisfied to take up the New South Wales ' account' ourselves (as if it were some small sheep stationl. Give us full security over New South Wales and her assets, and we will be responsible for her little debts, so that need not stand in the way any more." There is a sublimity and grasp about this 1858 speeoh that neither modern Brisbane nor modern Ips- wich could emulate. The men of '58 are oxtinot. The " Social Villagers" (as thoy called themselves), of Ipswioh, F. A. Forbes, Jock Pettigiew, Billy Handooek, of Drayton, and BosBitor, of Sydney (sometimes called Grossiter by " Wag" Nicol, on aooount of his stoutness), once played a joke on a young Ameriean merchant, named Fisher, who made a fortune in the subsequent " Secesh" war, but who could not make a living in Moreton Bay, which, he said, was the " last plaoe ever made." Godfrey O'Rourke, of Limestone, at that time drew the best glass of English ale north of Port Jackson, and the " Villagers" all knew it well. Fisher wanted to get back to Sydnoy by the monthly steamer leaving Brisbane next day, so the " Villagers" plotted to make him lose his passage by the river boat which alone could catch the ocean steamers, and they succeeded, with the aid of O'Rourko. There were no coaohes or rail- ways then. But Fisher resolved not to be baulked, so he, eluding his persecutors, started to walk to Brisbane at 7 p.m. He reached the inn at Woogaroo at midnight, refreshed, and emerged from another door and marched onwards, and at daybreak he breasted a hill, and it struck him all at once that Brisbane when approached from the south-west looked most remarkably like Ipswich when approached from the north- east quarter, and in another moment the full horror of his position dawned uponhim. He had taken the wrong outlet at mid- night at Woogaroo Hotel and had been steadily tramping back to Ipswioh the rest of the night. He was dead beat from fatigue ; he had hope- lessly lost the Sydnoy boat for a month ; the raillery of the pitiless " Villagers" at this fresh episode was neither to be faced nor thought of even ; so ho kept it dark and laid low in Bris- bane for a month longer. Poor clever Fisher! Ho died early in the 70's and tyill never trouble the Bremer again. Ho wa^'heré just thirty years too soon. There were tío unemployed, no " labour party," no relief v+orks, no British loans in those happy days. The few mechanics in the towns had plenty to do, and the men in the bush had thoir maize, pumpkins, and pigs and fowls, and those things- such as toa, sugar, and clothes-which thoy could not grow themsolves they got the money for hy fenoing, splitting, shearing, and bullock-driving, &a.;, for a fow months in overy year. Thoy did not go to the Government with their troubles, for the times had been too fresh in their memory when "John Government" (not tho paternal i-ftnla nf *V>n rtraaont flax- fed fin vntps^ used tr» nnoîv the cat-o'-nine-taÚs to all grumblers. -I am, sir, dro., N. BABTLEY. 