CHINESE RELIGION. It has sometimes been supposed ! that the primitive religious faith of the Chinese was a crude form of nature-worship; but on the con trary, its. very kernel was the re cognition of a kindly parental something, above what we are ac customed to call nature, determin- < ing its phenomena! for the welfare of° men, which Chinese writers, fully conscious of the difficulty of $be attempt, tried to name , by the conjoined, title (implying, as many believe, no real quality) of Heaven and Earth. Not only is tbpjc a! constant reference > of, humanaffairs toover-rnling Providenee.but under the personal title, Shang-ti, . do the Chinese seem to recognise, and through their Pontiff or Sovereign, annually offer very solemn worship to ' ■one * Supreme God, * ruler of heavfcns and earth, and so superior, , in an immeasurable degree, to all genii, ghost?, and spirits. . .. A third element is constantly intro duced; along with that -of Heaven and .Earth, and that is Mail., He is called the Microcosm, or world in i little, and in him is found the type of all things, the symbol, the .very flower of all existing,aud preated beings. We- have already,referred to Confucian conception of an ideal2 •mnpinmmmT^h ft nigl>lr thfe true gentleman, -iwhich ■ now: pervades all schools of Chinese thought; He is the one who fulfils rightly all the* relationships of life according to his station, acting to wards others as he would have them act towards him in return,' and showing geheralLy that he is swayed by a .moral1'sense. In life I and conduct the middle course is .where safety and peace are surely i tp.be found: all extremes lead to ruin and disaster. FiliaUfcy is the! type pf all virtues, perhaps , the one ; source, whence all hayp really ! sprung. . Hence, ancestor-worship is yet almost universal, and. is -one j of the very last weeds to yield to i the Gospel of -Jesus Ghrist, who! claims the undivided allegiance of His followers. . . . . -To this very day the grand national wor- j ship of Sh'ang-ti is twice annually1 offered by the Emperor, amid much pomp, at two altars—one square, the other round—each having the same.significance as in 'the instances ; already' mentioned. Very striking \ is the fact that this worship is felt to be too solemn to be directly en gaged in bv anyone but the Pope-! Emperor or spiritual father of the .people, and by him only'after soli tary prayer and .fasting. . Yet so great, an authority as Prof. Legge ■ gives it as his own opinion, after a life-long study of the .earthy clas sics, that .were a Chinese child,: familar with the old pagan prayers used long before Christ's • time, to, be asked in the familiar words of Dr. Watts' " East- Catechism"—, ^ wsii uie, cuud, who uoiaae you ?" he would probably enough answer, in the very2 words of'Dr. Watts, " The great God who made | heaven and earth " —From " Con quests of tile Cross. " 