TETE A TETE. qihus nifty wo boo how tho World wnge— An You Like it.. Jolly Yulk Tide is drawing ou apace. I am not going to extend to you tho. usual "Christmas greetings now, gentle reader, sooing that I shall"-, yet have the pleasure of nnotlier Tete- a-Tete with you before them. This, however, I. may say, that notwithstand- ing the shadow of tlio pall of depression which, financially and commercially, broods oyerus, we "must strive at tho festive season to throw off everything, and to look for tlio silver lining that is always within tho darkest cloud. " Nunc OBt. bibendum, nunc pedc libera," sung nlfl twn Minnunrul years ago, as in tlio season correspond ing to our December,, ho advises his friend Seslius to lioap high tho fire with well-dried logs, to broach the best flask of Falerniau wino he had sealed up in the consulship of the great Plaueus, and to threw himself into the enjoyment of the season without thought of care. Carpo diem (seize upon' the flying moments to onjoy them), lie says in another place, and then with a' touch of true Pagau piety he adds " permitta divis cetera — leave nil other things in the hand of God who wor kotli all fo'r: the best." This 'should be our spirit. Who amongst us has not troubles, who nmongst us is not crushed- down at times by cares, yet there is one time when we should throw off all such bur dens and meet upon the common ground of brotherly kindness and neighbourly- regard. Life would bo a'sorry business at tlio bost wore wo not to oncourngo each other along the rugged road of existence, and such oncourageinoiit comes homo with especial force at such a season as Yule-'L'ido, nt tho anni versary of tho birth of tlio great Sorrow- Bearer, who died that wo might live. Lot us livo and lovo, conscious that were it not For that spirit of brotherly love which Christ eamo to teach, life would not bo wortli tlio living. . - ' # The Roekliampton lopt'osy ease lias entered -upon a now phase.. 'The life of poor young Quigley was positively becoming a burden to him, owing, to tho foolish conduct of people who ought really to liavo known better, and who forgot that any such affliction is from the hand of God, not due to the sinful ness of men. Owing to tho fact that against tho opinion of tho four doctors who made tho .initial announcement of tho disoase boing leprosy, ho had secured the opinion of two others, who stated that symptoms . always present in leprosy wore absent in tho case in niinaf.inri tlin father determined tn take the boy down to Molbourne, and there, without mentioning anything about -what had occurred in llockhainpton, to ask ono of the leading physicians in that city what was the matter with tlio boy. It "is a. pity Mr. Felix Q.uigley was not able to carry out his intention, but no sooner was it ascertained that lie had left Roekliampton than the police raised a liuo-nnd-cry, and telegraphed to Bris bane, tho consequence of which was that the unfortunate lad was arrested as soon as the Eurimbla touched Brisbane wharf. Ho wns conveyed to the hospital, and' thoro.yiaca a little tent in the grounds, where he would ho isolated from every one. Meantime medical examination of his case has been going on, but, as in tho case of the Roekliampton medicos, opinion has been divided as to whether tho disease is really leprosy, or one noarly as had, though by no means con tagious. Probably, in a fow days a definito opinion will bo pronounced, for which, . meantime, we must pationtly wait. Yet we cannot help thinking that poor young Quigley has boon made tho victim of nu exaggerated scare, nnd that it would have beon much better had be boen allowed to proceed to Mel bourne in the first instance, and have had tho question definitely settled onco for nil. The consensus of the best wiaiIiaaI AtwniAn haw rrnna fn almtv thnf. .lltVUiviVi lipilllUII AAA/ IV 1>W VIIUIl Vlll«V leprosy is not contagious,, but is tho result of n bacillus which gets iuto the blood, and thence infects the system. . Aldorman Unlimited Loo is (Lewis) nt his olcl games! There is. not a more honorable straightforward man going, bat ho likes his-own way. This worthy, alderman on Wednesday last, at the usual fortnightly meeting of tho coun cil, engaged in a war of words with his two brother Aldermen— Meacham and Hollingsworth. It appears that Lewis declined to sign, ns a member of tho Works Committee, an account for work dono to the borough pumps. Aldorman Meacham brought the matter , up, stating ik a KnliAVArl flin tvn.r hnanrl on porsonal spite, and asking for an enquiry into tho matter: Then Lewis, springing -to his feet lilco a doughty knight of old, re-affirmed his position, Btating lie had refused, first, "because tho bill wns for a lump sum, and did not give items. Ho now rofusod becnuse ho thought the council was- boing over charged. As for tho othor aldorman who had signed it, that gentleman had since told him (Aldorman Lowis) that no regretcea Having clone so. ino gentleman who sorrowed was, presum ably, Alderman Hollingsworth, and this implication on his stability of sentimont wns not to bo tolornted for a moment-. So up tho latter sprang nud endeavored to justify himself, putting tho blame on tho council that they had not- appointed a Superintendant of Works. Thon Aldorman Lowis took up the ground that lie was not present whon the Works Committee aslcod Alderman Meaoham . to rccommond a man who would mako a good job of the repairs, and lio lmd sent them one whom the Works Comlnittoo had put on. This both Aldermon Meacham and Hollings worth denied, assorting Lewis was pre sent. And thon tho bund did begin to play with a vdngeanco, between these threo aldermon, the climax of tho entertainment being reached when ; Lqwis gently insinuated that Alder- i maujMeachain's memory was at fault, stating ho was " telling a d — lie." Nobody being able to cup this, the meeting " dissolved," not in "tears," but for some other liquid refreshment, ovor which the three combatants re marked that of coiirsd everything they had said about each other must he taken in d Pickwickian soiisd. All-'s. well that ends well ! , ' . ' J'# . ' » '# I am glad to. obBoi'vo the now Post Office is rapidly approaching comple tion. Although' the building will not actually bo oponed for the .dischargo of tlio dutios for which ,it is intended for at least six weeks .yet, - still, as regards the exterior portion, that is c.oniplotod, and . - whatevor, . has - to -be ; done now concorns tho arrangomonts of tho interior. Tho odifico: will cer- tainly form ono of tlio noblest of tho kind. in" Queensland, and will bo excel lently adapted for. the end contemplated. Tho pftveinont in front of'. the building is. cleared from tho obstructions which have disfigured it so long, and one can now form some adequate estimate of the beautiful proportions of tho building. As was remarked in the article which appeared in the Argus on Thursday upon the new building, tho erection of the Post Office is an event, which it may be said, marks an era in the history of stone building in Roek liampton, because tho edifice in question is undoubtedly one of tho finest and most coinploto of its kind in Queens land. .Tlio peculiarity must Btrike ono that the Brisbane authorities, as a rule so chary. about doing anything for tho Central District, should have sanctioned the erection, at Roekliampton; of tho finost Post and Telegraph Officos in tlio colony. Yet this is so, and Eoekhamp- ton has reason to congratulate itself on tho /net. The contract for tho. building was let to Mr. D. Kelloher in 1889, tlio price boing 4514, 3G8. Tho work was begun exactly two years ago, anhoukl have been completed at the:!en'dCTf 20 months; but Mr. Kelloher had from the first to contend with diflieultics that seriously impeded tlio progress of his undertaking. , But if lie has been a little over his contract time, lie basin the end producod a building which will favorably compare with any other Post Office in Queensland for gracefulness of dosign and artistic finish. # # . Mr. Hendorson, the- Govermnon' Hydraulic Engineer, has completed lr, J labors in connection with tho VVnteir Supply of Roekliampton. His report by this time should bo in the hands oi' tlio council, whether or not that body will soe thoir way to accept it is another matter. Mr. Henderson 1 advises the council to flflnnt a vnrv nvtimiaivA <ntnJn by which a relinblo supply of water would he guaranteed to our Roekliamp ton. Practically it moans tho erection of new pumping gear altogether, and the adoption. of a ncwschomo of reticu lation. But if expensive, it would mean a permanency for tho Water Supply of tho town for many years to eouio, ana would afford a cerjain supply to the fatopayors as compared with the exceedingly "un- \- certain one with which we aro compelled to put up at tho present time. 1 ain not in possession of the full details of Mr. Houdorsou's scheme, so cannot write nt length upon it. From what I lonrn, however, it is worthy of vory high praise. - During the past week' the only news affecting tho Separation Question has beon tho usual meeting of the Executivo on Wednesday evening. On this occa sion n most encouraging lottor' was road from Mr. T. S, Hall, stating that ho wns thoroughly in accord with the action of tlio committee in despatching tho dele gates homo as soon as possible, and that ho would lond a helping hand in bonr- ing the expenses consequent upon this lino of action. I am perhaps over-insistent in seeking to press homo the great truth now that London is our sole and only goal. Wo linvo nothing frt rln tviflt Sit' SfimtlAl DiMftitJ) nrtrl Lio proposals now. They have received from us every consideration, and no 'reflection can over ho laid at our door by Sir Samuol that our going to London and to Lord Knutsford was either a hasty act or a rash net. It is tlio one course now left open to us by which we may ontor into tho enjoy ment of tlio. pleasures oE Territorial Separation. Lot us tbon be lip and doing With a heart tor any fato, . Still achieving, still pursuing , Learn to labor and to wnic. . For the last week tho boat hns boon literally more than flosh and blood could endure. The thermometer has v r« aa j i ivf j :» j-i. mtipea rroin uw wog. uuy. iu mu official rendings, -hut this register is taken in a vory cool place, while in tho Custom Houso, where no such. protection oxisted, the register reached was actually 107deg. Allot wind seomednctuallysomo davs to nip tho skin on one's face, while nt othor times it strikes tlio.ground and actually appears to rebound thorefrom upon the unfortunnto pedestrian, whom business— certainly not pleasure— takes outside. Within tlio nioinory of that solitary-superlative, thool.lestinhnbitnnt, \- no greater boat than what lias occunyl during tho past week lias over beeLi- I corded in Rockhnmptou. 11 ut-Vfit brings abundant rains wo will oven con sent to bo par-roasted. .# Our worthy Police Magistrate has loft Roekliampton for a well-oarncd holiday. Thoro aro fow inoro popular mon in our town than Mr. R. A. Ranking, and tho ono wish expressed on all sides is " Ion voyage, and a pleasant holiday.' . Rumor, iudeod, tbnt many-tonguod indo' >' V would fain assert that promotion awaits ..Mr. Banking-. before his loavo ' expires. For hiWown sake J hope this, may he so, though" for the sake of the town and district I would fain trust it wore othei'- wiso. Eight hard is it to replace a good . man iu these days. V ' » another sensation ! A very mild time. Ono which' will not give „ muck relish to tho matutinal toast or supersede tho prae-nraudial pick-me up. One whibh does not menace tho. person of :thV editor witlT green-hide castigiition qri threaten the proprietary puroe ; with an . action to "eoort" in which tliii. nkintiffi " will suind 'ine last pinny, he jabers, to have thelaw otiynr." To . come to the point, the Westorn door of , the Central Infants' School has now .been, open several days from .morn till dewy eve— and before and after , also, though it is vacation time. " Ofcourso the casual observations of our i staff,; which is over busy nosiii.',;-ha.t'tlbs'' .: and murders and sudden.; deaths, in the public intorest cannoc igivp so. much attention to so trivial a subject as to be. suro that; tho praeceptoral corps is not inaking'.ovei;- tirne or that a fair array of wrhiths is. not playing the bamboo within ! But the " devil " suggests that civil servants', are so peculiarly averse to overtiinOi 'as being professional 'and tin paid, that biie could notfiiid the- ghost of a teacher in a vacated school. Romance and psychology, being thus disposed of, we must descend to the regions of common sense valid conclude that in the haste of departure the' door was improperly fastened or not fastened at all, and that a . recent windstorm or predatory goat forced it! open. However this may be, one fact is certain. Tho pastures of this particular field of knowledge are exposed to tljo ' attention of the first -burglar v who browses round: Nor would the -barbed 1 wire with which; the ; .'committee havo ornamented tlie circuin- ainbient fence be any protection. : 1 : Tho burglariously disposed does -not take- much account- of barbed .wiro. He won't hurt his hands or rub his faco oil it, or treat the elegant stuff as a play thing, as school children might. ; By -t lie- bye, how long, we \voiHlcv, wil.Wit l)e , before wo have to chronicle a. lost, eye ' or soijae.siinUar catastrophe, andean action':'fdr, damages brought by ani' in furiate parent. against the- '.prudent cbin-, niitte'e. The .moral of all this .is1— (for a. moral can be drawn from the, humblest theme)— the moral of -all .this is : , Have a caretaker to. take care .'-.of. things., for you, if rather iticlinod , to - carelessness; yourself, aud. don't' place much reliance on barbed wire-except for" damage ZTNG ARO. 