Our Melbourne Letter. (FBOM OUB OWK COBBESPONDBNT.) FraniuiJY 24. According to the tricksy corre-pond int of the ill-used Malvolio, ' some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some ave greatness thrust upon .them.' The reflection is suggested by the fall of en unhappy one, who, having had greatness thrust upon him, has been summarily toppled off hia pedestal and consigned to that oblivion from which he should never have been required to emerge. His miser able name was Watts, and by it was also called the stream (Watts River) which during the week Hia Excellency the Go vernor has started discharging its limpid waters into the Yin Yean reservoir. It is a common custom to bestow upon prominent peaks, rivers, lakes, etc., the proper names of illustrious citizens and high-born grandees ; and it might readily have been supposed that in a lucid moment the Vic torians had, In so naming their river, desired to honor the memory of the great mechanician engineer, and almost inventor of the steam engine. But, alas 1 in looking into the matter a colonial arcnanlogist has discovered that the Watts, whosepatronymic was borrowed for the river-naming pur pose, was only a vile convict, a miserable assigned servant who was chivied through this world so unmercifully that he took his departure for the next, via the stream which henceforth bore the suicide's name ; and as we could not be expected to perpetuate this incident, the Watts River water supply was, on its opening lost Wednesday duly re-caristehed the ' Ma roondah,' which native philologists inter pret to mean the 'throwing.' However, this does not matter to Victorian nomen clators. Maroondah sounds well, and it disposes of that convict suicide, while for the rest : — Watts in a name 1 Oall brimstone lavender, t'will smell the same. The tapping of the supply means a grand addition to our water supply, nnd really iu this particular (he gov.ernmsnt have done their duty to the great big overgrown Com munity grandly. I do remember well when Melbourne was supplied from the pumps which Blood on the banks of the Tarra, in the long-gone days, when the waters of the stream were pure' nnd potable. Well, also, do I recollect aa a very small boy paying sixpence for a half-pint of water- out of a bucket, the owner of which stood ou the corner of Bourke and E'.iz-.beth streets. The old reservoir on the Eastern Hill is a relic of those days when the life-giving fluid was scarce, and the dust sp plentiful that you could take a shovel, dig nUps in it, and walk right up —and then the Tan Yean scheme, considered to be the ne plus ultra of schemes, was carried out to supply the city with water. Since then it has been a case of ' pull devil, pull baker, ' the city and suburbs growing and growing to overtake the capacity of the reservoir, and the water supply department adding tributary after tributary to it to keep ahead. Five other sources have thu? been tapped, including the Plenty Kiver and its affluents, and though it has often been 'nip and tuck,' by this latest iataku which adds 26,000,000 of gallons to the daily supply, the department has now es tablished a decided lead. It is not merely a city system, but it extends, thoroughly re ticulated, throughout every suburb, and I, dwelling out in the country nine mile* from Melbourne, have my house supplied with water drawn from the Yau Yean, nearly 30 miles distant. There was a grand gathering at tho Maroondah head works on Wednesday when His Excellency flrat 'let her gush' and as the day was hot and the way from the coach track about 2 ft deep iu dunt he made a very happy Bpeech on the subject of blends, whiskey blends, water blends, and— better still with practical illustra tions— of whiskey and water blends. Is it marvellous after this that th ? Governor's speeches are so popular ? From water oue passei to ft re by the most natural(Melbourne) transition imagin able'; and though our b!nze at the luggage ro--m, Spuneer- strest, has cost us a pretty Senny, people are almost regretting that it. id not take the whole block of Crazv, rotten, disreputable rabbit-hutches which aerve \ii as a ohief metropolitan station, and so hurry cm the completion and use of the n«w pile a'\ .??ining. This is now near itl& the nnitinina nninfc. nnA if. rwacanfo n most imposing appearance to the eye, both as regards extent, and architectural charac ter. The viaduct which will connect it with the Flinders-street and Prince's Bridge stations, and so embrace all lines in one system, is -iluo wall on, though pro i;rcs3 is very slow ; almost us slow as that which TynOall refers to when speaking of ' the pasBionlesi energy of a glacier'; but it is a grand work, and when completed will be one of the great features of the city. I told you in a recent letter of the pla tinum complication, how John and Percy MncMeikan started a company to prospect for coal at Coal-ac, Mid how, as their metal lurgist Pound affirmed, they struck plati num ; how they floated a company ; how Reg. Murray and Cosmo Newbery declared there was no tttca of platinam in the or-- ; and how Mr , Pound, disproving the adage ' e.v nihilo nihil fit, ki pt on pro ducing ptatitium ' Irjm his crucible'.?, whilB he denounced' the crass and benighted ignorance of the other scientists. However, all things were to have been strengthened, at a meeting of shareholders hold last Thursday, when a report was to have been read confounding the science of Newbery an1 of Murray, while as a crowniug evidence Mr Found waj to produce 12oz of platinum as the clear proof of his own ability, and of the va'ue of the mine. The meeting os^embldd, but it soon transpired that there was a scrow— or in fact a whole packet of Cham berlains' and Nettlefolds— loose. In short, Mr Pound had skipped, the platinum had. gone with him, and instead ot the unlucky chairman reading the report he decided to withdraw it, and to ask for a week's ad journment to try andimpound Pound. There was an awful row, and there will be a worse on Thursday, but I am persuaded that the Mac Meikans have been thoroughly duped by the so-called metallurgist who was a large shareholder, and who has salted the crucibles to get rid of his worthless scrip. As I said in my last reference to it, it was rather a singular revelation of in competence on the part of our public officials, or the most impudent attempt to swindle ever tried on the Melbourne public. This will just about close Mr Pound's £25,000 action against Mr Cosmo Newbery, though it has already cost the latter not a little to enter a defence and retain counsel. Still, strange to say, the notion is entertained that Pound has not departed for good, bat that he will turnup like jack-in-the-box on Thursday, and as a result of this belief the scrip has recovered a little. If things turn out so I shall say that Mr Found is not a common swindler, but only half B and half F. A long while ago I let myself out for the kiuiafl^ nr- Mia v&iita;«a nf f.llfk Tinilti 'Vttlilm graph in describing what a perfectly gorgeous and unsurpossabe sort of h clock we were going to have in oar .I'bst Office tower, and how it was going to eclipio''the ?Royal Comic Opera Company and the Vic torian Orchestra put together, in the variety and multiplicity of. its musical selections. Verily thomme propose, et Sisu dispose, and that clock has been a civio nightmare since the day an attempt was made to get it into position. First the space was too small for the mashinety and bells, and the question wis whether to try and bulge out the walls or build the crowded-out spporafcus on to a platform over Bourke and Elizabeth-streets. At last the thing was made to keep time, and then it was found that the carrillona and bells were nil wrong and the mechanism too weak for the musical box business. Experiments — despairing experiments— have been going on for eome time, and now it is understood that the mechanists have done their best possible. Ye gods ! such a best 1 I went right down under the tower to hear them yesterday, for you do not stand a ghost of a chance a street away, lirst there was a warning jangl*, then the clock struck the hour all light, and then there was a pause succeeded by an awful riot, as though a number of amateurs were trying to ring a peal oftripie bob major and making the usual amateur mess of it. After the first fit it started in again, whi'e I strained my imagination to try and con ceive what was the item. At last, just as I was leaving, I contrived to get at one strain, which to my chagrin and disgust convinced me that I had been listening to ?'Rule Britannia.' Please get a musical box, break half the studs off the arm, and throw the steel points out of .tune, then start it at ' Rule Britannia,' and you Will have it a la Melbourne FoBt Office clock. Our railway porters are such excruciat ingly funny fellows. The other day n sick man getting out of a car riage called one to carry his lug gaga, and the genial humorist responded with, ' Oarrr yer luggage, eh ; where to — the Morguu?' The passenger was so lO3t to all sense of fun that, he ac uilly com plained, and there it) a vneuicy on that man's platform j list now. X uavo juit dropped across a bay with a streak of luck than should mike a eni'lent.'tf m uth watnr. He is a third year Djokie Agricultural itate Uolloge ' Man,' and hap pens to be the only one in his dies, tha highest. Still pr!r.*s, first., second, and third, were to. be awarded lv.r every su i .ct, with a gold medal lor Dux, nnd variou3 specials There baing but one compeititi.iD.it is hardly wonderful that he c*me ou*. t p in each subject, and included in bh own proper person the combined m^rit of 1st, 2nd, and 3rd p-iz i-taker—aud tha boy simply had to get a wheelbarrow to convey his bardly-e rned p'rzaa to the rat!wiy station There is much talk abiut the Oswald Twist acquitt-1 on t he charge of fi ring^tho Palace Hotel, ft is the rider as to undue iuflaenN in the attempt to securo a convic tion, reflecting on Wilson the 1 vndl -rd and the detectives, which is the cause of com ment. The bother is Co fiud a motive in this puzzle. The burning down of the hotel would mean rnin to Wilson, and lie has alrendy suffered heavily in loss of custom through the attempts. If Twist lit the fires it was the act of i\ madmt\n. The hard swearing, the fl it contradictions, and downright ps-rj ary are equally inexplicable and most unsatisfactory of all is the fact ttut such a series of crimes can be com mitted in the vnry heart of the city with out detection followiug. Meanwhile the mm Twist is undergoing a sentence for perj try in .connection with a case, upon thn main charge of which he stands acquitted -the Cutler business over again. 