The Daddy of the Sharks The shallow waters arouud Koy WeBt, writes a Florida oorrospondent, ia the home of milliona, moro or. less, of big man-eating sharks, and soaroely a day passes but what ono or moro are killed from the wharves and in the sha'low waters around the island. I W. S. WilBon and Duke Dart, of the naval station, recently had a big experience with a hue speoimen of the man-eating variety that will last them for several years, ao they say. The other afternoon, while near the bar racks, they saw several huge specimens swimming iu the shallow waters, their huge dorsal fins going in every direction. Arming themselves with a ooupie of heavy -bore rifles, they started out. After chasing the 'daddy' of tho gang around for some time, they got cloee to him and planked two bullets from 44 Winchesters through his ugly body. The big sharK leaped olear out of the water on feeling the bullets, and oame down with a swash, nearly upsetting tho boat. To their surprise he then became perfeotly quiet, and as they thought they had secured a prize without muoh trouble, they hastily pulled up to him, and putting a rope round his body, s arted to tow him to shore. All at onoe tho seemingly dead shark awoke to the ignominous faot that he waa being towed hind-end first into land, and his objootion was shown very strongly. With a dash of his big tail the end of tne boat was knocKed to pieces, and. the two shark fisher men were hurled head over heels about ten feet into six feet of water, with aocres of other sharks in very close proximity. The big shark started im a circle rouud the two wet fishermen, the rope trailing beneath him still fast to some portions of the boa*. The shark hunters, howover, wero not thoroughly cowed by thoir surroundings, but poizing hold of tbe rope, attempted to stop the shark. As Dart Explained afterward, it was like stopping a locomotive with 200 pounds of steam on. On feeliDg the additional weight on tho ropo, or they grasped it, tho bhark darted forward with lightning velooity, tow ing the two astonished hunters through the water at a pace that they did uot relish. Bravely they held on for a hundred yards, and then finding the pace foo much for them tho/ let go especially quiok, aa the bhark was heading out for deeper water. The big Bhark, finding himself partially free, again turned and came for them wiih a tremendous plunge. As he oame np he turned over on his baok, opened wide his oipaoious mouth and made a dive for Wilson. The latter was spry enough to elude him springing high into the air aa the shark neBred him. By some misohance, as ho dropped b&ak;, he fell a-st'addle of tho shark. Instinctively hia hands oaught the knot in tho rope that was_ tied around the shark's body, and the big water tiger, greatly astonished at this turn of affairs, started off with all his might. Fortunately he was so blinded by bis terror and surprise that he did not know WAIOQ wuy 11U WttH JjVlug, tiUU) UUlUg UtfttaUU toward the shore, ho ran up on tho sloping, gravelly beaoh, and in a seoond or two lay gasping almost out of tho water. As ho struck the sand and glided up tho inoline ho gave a vicious twist of hia tail that sent his rider hea 1 over ho?ls on to dry land. Dart then hastened out of tho water to his com panion's assistance, and, securing big pieces of coral, thoy both began pulting tho objoot of thoir wrath. For ten or fifteen minutes the fight wna a right lively ono, interspersed with many narrow escapes on their part from tho monster's big tail, but at the end of that period the coral ro3k proved too muoh for him, and he gave up the ghost. On being measured the monster proved to bo thirteen and one half-feet long, and ?would havo weighed probably not less than 1 ,200 pounds. Whoo he was opened thoy found one big shoo, a oigar-ease, mouth organ, a largo number of bonos that plainly showed thai his famo as a man-oatiog variety was not a miB-nomor. Strange to say, whon tho fragments of tho boat wero hauled to shoro both tho hunters' guns wero found under tho thwarts, where thoy had become fastened in pomo mannor whon tho boat overturned. Both flay that bereaf tor whon thoy go ehark hunting thoy will 'remain on dry land.' A beautiful diamond nooklaco, whioh has been brought forward by a New York jowoller, represents a wreath of oak loavos of small diamonds with several large stones fcftt at intorvalB. 