PERSONAL PARS. England has German Princes and the poor always with her. There are 173 places called Newton in the United Kingdom. ' One man makes a fortune to eight that become bankrupt in England. Two Melbourne papers—Life and the Critic— have given up the ghost. Dick Rowe, the husband of Miss NelKe Stewart, was in Adelaide last week. Nearly 40,000 men desert from the German army every twelve months. Died—after little more than a year of travail— an alleged comic paper, Peace to its ashes. ✓ Mushroom companies in Sydney are coming a terrible cropper. The widow and orphan are let in as usual. There are more words in the English language than in the French, Italian, and Spanish languages put together. i There were three earthquake shocks in one week at Port Darwin. Inspector Foelsche is on the hunt for a clue. Miss Annie Nelson, who is well known in Adelaide musical circles, has joined Williamson's Comic Opera Company. A wooden opera house to seat 1,200 people, and to be devoted to serious works, is to be built on the Calabrian Way, Rome. Janet Achurch and her husband and the ever faithful Herbert Flemming are being made much of at Government House, Perth. People, and not very straightlaced folk either, are saying that Ryley overdid the hugging and kissing business with Violet Varley in " The Gondoliers." Oscar Wilde justifies judicious lying, which he considers necessary as a protest against crude fact. A man can always find an excuse for a favorite accomplishment. It is the forward contracts that are causing such trouble in the share market. In Sydney it is the Building Societies that are bursting; in Adelaide it is the brokers who are going bung. Baron Delissa, who once represented the Advertiser at Port Adelaide, and who is now a planter and a Baron in Borneo, has been visiting Port Darwin. He says there is a fortune in pineapple fibre. Two Port Darwin sports out shooting knocked over two ducks belonging to a Celestial, and had to pay 8s, each for them. One of the men in his excitement rammed a cheque marked good at the bank into his gun. The Rev. Father Bickford is anxious to shake hands with General Booth, but thinks that the submerged tenth should be deposited in South America, where there is plenty of room for converts to the big drum. The Advertiser scribe, in speaking of McCormac's picture of Sir John Bray, describes the contour of the face as being " Some what Byronic." Shades of poetry ! What has McCormac done ? A branch of the Fabian Society has been formed in Adelaide, and its first President is the Rev. C. L. Marson. They want to nationalize not only land but everything. Are you listening, Chaffey and Sammy 1 The people of Millicent have a profound belief in their own township. A poor demented fellow who was on the hunt for a direct road to Heaven was conveyed at once to Millicent. That answered all the requirements. The two daughters of Epps, the cocoa manufac turer, married two clever men, Edmund Gosse and Alma Tadema. They used to be called Mi$£f "Grateful" and Miss " Refreshing," in allusion to the well known advertisement of the firm. That yarn in Monday's Register about the sailor who was swallowed by a, whale and after wards dug out alive by his shipmates, was by an ingenious parson, who wants to bolster up the Jonah fiction in spite of scientific contentions. Victorian Police, including the Chief Commis sioner, who are over 60 years of age will have to retire next year. Constables Maginnis and O'Hara, as they walk their lonely beats in Adelaide, wish there was a similar rule in force here. The Rev. E. Rorke, who is going to Victoria, is a genial gentleman whom Adelaide can ill afford to lose. He does not believe in making religion gloomy, and no one appreciates a good story more than he does. Did he ever tell you about his cork leg and arm ? It is stated that an Afghan gentleman in Adelaide purchased a wife for <£20. The father of the bride-elect was to get the money, but the girl knew a trick worth two of that, and pocketed the spondulix. There is some doubt as to whether the ceremony has been yet carried out. Mr. J. C. Williamson gave the members of the Royal Comic Opera Company a picnic on Sunday. The trysting place was near the Belair Inebriates' Retreat, and if the selection was intended as a warning it was duly effective, because everything was most orderly. The gathering was a decided success. David Christie Murray's article in the Contem porary Review is not as bad as the condensed cable account represented. Many of his comments are exceedingly fair. The Sydney Bulletin receives a splendid advertisement, although it is styled a "pestilent print." Brother Archibald survives. Mr. T. V. Twinning, writing from London, mentions that Mrs. Brown-Potter is in Paris, but he does not say a word about Kyrle. By the bye, the London Star interviewed T. V. and published his portrait, from which it would appear that he has cultivated "an 'aughty hair" since he left Australia. He told the interviewer that he had never heard of the marriage of the beauties. Jolly John Nash, in his recently published book, tells a number of funny stories. On one occasion he and a partner were stranded with about thirty panoramic views of New Zealand and some waste canvas. This was at the time of the Tichborne trial, and eventually the partners sold the vacant canvas, which paid for the printing of bills announcing the production of a panorama of scenes in the Australian life of the Claimant, purchased by Mr. Nash at a cost of £3,000. The guileless British public nibbled the bait and the ghost once again walked. 