ONE THING AND ANOTHER. Let it serve for table talk; Bv O. LIO. Then, howsoe'r thou spcak'st, 'mong other things I shall digest it."— Shakespeare. Scene —Bedroom in Albany. Doctor in attendance npon a corpulent and elderly female, who is in bed. Doctor —" May I ask your age, Madam f" E.F. (giggles audibly)—"Aye, Doctor,can yon noo fpier it T' Doctor—" Well, Madnm, I should say you were about 39 or 40 y.-ars of age." E. F.—I'm uoo that Dochter. I'm about 3;»." Doctor—" Well. Madam, judging from tlie nature of your disease, I shonld eay you were at least 40, and all I can say is that if you are only 30 years of age, your complaint is a very serious one." E. F. {getting a little frightened)—" Weel, Dochter, I'm noo 40." Doctor—" Well, Madam, perhaps you're 39." E. F.—««I'm nco 39, eether, Dochter." Doctor—" Thirty-eight,perhaps. Madamf' E. F.—" Noo, Dochter, I'm noo 38." Doctor—" Well, Madam, let us eay thirlyseven and a half." E.F. (reluctantly)—"Aje, Dochter, I'm 37, but nae the half." The doctor leaves qni<e satisfied that he has got the regular Scotch article to deal with. • * # # In New Zealand they have just got over a general election. " Mercutoi," writing in the Auckland Weekly News, says:—In last week's Gossip I gave some droll instances of lapnu lingua;, of which electioneering candidates had been guilty. One of our oldest residents gives one which he states occurred in Victoria while he was travelling there. The bucolic patriot bad been asked by the electors whether he was in favor of a borrowing policy, and his agent explained to him that debentures were issued, and tlie money raised j-thus on the debentures had to be paid off some time or other, but usually it was left for posterity to do so. The candidate thereupon informed, the electors that " he was in favor of them : ere debentures, and that it was only right that our posteriors should be left to pay for them 1" ... * * * * One of the chief woes of the ready writer, be he clerk or what not, consists in the faot that he no sooner gets a pen into good working order than it, like the " dear gazelle," comes to an untimely end from the corrosion caused by the ink. Life is not long enough to UBC and . mend quills, nor apply with - delicate firmness the pen-wiper to a steel one. But some genious has now hit on a solution of the difficulty which has the merit of the most extreme simplicity. In many offices, we are informed, a potato is used instead of a pen-wiper. The juicy tuber holds the pen steady, removes at once all ink from the nib, prevents, or at least very greatly delays, tbe process of corrosion, and spares many a wellloved, pen to a ripe old age. * # * # . John Dillon's escape reminds one (says a writer in an English paper) of the successful flight of his father, John Blake Dillon, to America, after the abortina rebellion of '48. He succeeded in leaving Ireland and crossing the Atlantic in the disguise of a priest. On . the voyage he was placed in an awkward fie by the Importunities of an amorous couple who desired him to marry them on board the vessel. Other passengers added their entreaties to have the cerqpiony performed as a welcome relief to the monotony of the voyage, and his pseudo-reverence only got out of a tight corner by pleading that the faculties granted him by his bishop would not -permit him to celebrate a marriage outside bis own - diocese. # ./ m m • According to a Melbourne contempoiy 1— The Earl of Onslow, Governor of New Zealand it is reported, has asked Mr. C. L. Johnson, the retiring Mayor of Wellington, to act as godfather to his infant son, who is to receive the native name of Taihoa. Mr. Johnson, who was .the Mayor of Wellington in the jubilee year, has consented. Taihoa, according to a New Zealand humorist, is- equivalent to Festina Lente, or " hasten slowly," which is also supposed to be an equivalent of Onslow • • • m Two men were standing on a corner on Sixth Avenue, holding an animated convsrsa. tion. " I say that man Webb is a sneak," said one of them, excitedly. He's no sneak," replied the other.. " But tbe strike is all over, so what's tlie use of talking about it. The strikers never had a ghost of a show anynow." , " That's all yon know about it," sneered the first speaker. " Of course it's over. The Knights are whipped." " The Knights had just begun" " Just begun to play out for good." "No, sir!" "Yes, sir!" " Do Tou mean to say that I am not a man of my word ? If that's what your driving at come out and call me a liar." "Iguess you have sieed youreelf np about right" rhen they clinched. After the battle had raged for some time with varying results, the striker got his adversary down, aod was - preparing to take advantage of the situation, when a.Knight of Labor who, had been standing near, said— " Hold on! Don't punch him yet. Just let me ask him a few questions. How «bout these labor troubles 1 Do you think the strike is really over P" . " I am beginning to have my doubts about it," said the under man. "Iam thinking that there is no doubt but what the Knights had considerable power after all." " Oh, you are, eh P What do you think of Vice-President Webb?" " Oh, I haven't as good an opinion of him now as I had. Perhaps he should have treated the strikers more politely." " You said a while ago that I was lying. AmX ?" put in the striker on top, drawing back his arm threateningly. " No, indeed you ain't. I'm attending to the lying just now, but if you will justlet me up, I think I know where there is a saloon keeper who would act as arbitrator in this little affair without detriment to the honor of either party." "Now you are talkingeenaible," said the striker, letting him up and brushing the dirt from his coat. " If you had made a proposition like th it before, this little strike would never have occurred," and they proceeded to the nearest saloon, where the bitter memories of the past were washed down with foaming bumpers of beer.—American Exchange. Figaro giveB three apropos anagrams on tho names of " Stanley, Jephsou, Barttelot, Ward Troup, and Bonny." They are really very clever, so I will quote all three:—«'Apparently the snob trot journey to Emin was € an £ S. D. job ! " i Absent men's honor in jeopardy just now. O, paltry battle !" And the third and best anagram is:—" Nasty job, apparently! Just now one rids blame on t'other." * * » * The latest story of Baron Hirsch, who is several millionaires rolled into one, is very pretty. He took a violent faticyto a splendid young horse that Lady was driving, as it was a perfect match to one he owned. He wished to buy it, and offered to give anything for this specimen of the animal that has been maligned as the brute that bites with one end, kicks with the other, and makes you uncomfortable with tho middle." The lady was obdurate. The horse was a favorite, and nothing would induoe her to part with it. When the Baron found his gold was powerless he sent his own horse to the lady, with a gallant message to the effect that although I10 was deprived of the pleasure of driving them himself, he hoped Lady ' would honor him by accepting it, aiid allow them to go together. Tho Baron is a prince's friend, and has a princely way of doing things, but the idea is not original. Tho duty each of UB owes to his mothertongue shonld constrain nse to seek diligently after tho best ways of clothing ideas. If there is a better fashion of speech than our own, we should not bo content until it is ours. The editor of an American magazine of some prominence asked Mr. William Waldorf Astor to write a story, for which he was prepared to pay at the rate of 2Ad. per word. There were to be about 12000"words. The millionaire accepted the offer, and expressed his intention of devotiug the payment to some worthy objeot. 