Very Latest Messages. IIltlHBANE. Irnov ova ows conwiBroNBEXT.) Juno 23. Latest oflicifil news from several stations in the Aduvalb district elates that they have decided to go on with their shearing, but as the men from the strike camps still refuse to sign the agreements, tho pastoralists bad to delay the work. PoBsibly more free shearers will have to be sent to the district. Information has been received in Brisbane to the effect that, on the 17tb iDBtont, the men in tho strike camp at Cunnamulla made a deter mined effort to revive the strike, but without success. Their leader addressed them, declin ing to hare anything more to do with the strike, stating that if the men were determined to go 011 with it, they must find leaders and funds tor themselves. Charleville advises that the' order for the return of the infantry was countermanded late last night. Reports have been received that the Murweb wool-shed was bnrncd down yes terday. A patrol of eight Mounted Infantry started out at once under Lieutenant White, one constable, and two Mounted Infantry to Murneh. Inspector Ahem reports that ho has been through the unionists camp at Barcaldine and that men are leaving every hour. He reckons the main csmp will be reduced to 50 on Wed nesday next. All stations state there no trouble. All the Rockhampton and Mount Morgan Corps who went weBt with the exception of eight men of the Mounted Infantry, with six teen men of the Wide Bay regiment under Capt. Harrap, and two men of the Mackay in fantry under Lieut. Richclman, arrived by mail train last evening. They were met at the station by the Scottish Rifles and escorted to tho drill-Blied, headed by the pipers. They were cheered and hooted as they passed out of tho station gates. Thirteen of the Lome pri soners also arrived by the same train, and were cheered as they drove .away under police escort. It IS stated that London contains 0,612 miles ot streets. A DAD lookout I Tbe Dally Herald, says The bailiffs are holding high festival in Dalby at present. Two of them are engaged in clearing out the stock of two business places in Dr .yton-street, which is fast becoming a playground for the festive William goat and Black's perambulating ponies. Like oysters to a rock, two more " gents in charge " have attaohed themselves to a firm in Cunningham, street, which is also giving up the ghost. Word has boen received in town that at Cunnamulla the men cheered their leader on Friday last, when he told them not to go over the New South Wales border for work to com pete with the unionists there, but to save their money for tbe " cause " so as to bo in camp and on the warpath before Christmas. Gamekeeper: "Why didn't you shoot at that wild boar?" Timid Hunter: "What necessity was there for attracting the attention of the krate to myself?" Sansa: "The one delight ot my life is making money." Mrs. Sanso: "And tbe one delight of my life is spending money. How admirably mated we arc!" 