An Alarming Prediction. | INCREASE OF BABIES. Oar American cousins are not only cute but credulous, to a degree. Their Wiggins, who, like our Egeson, undertook to prognosticate the weather for several years in advance, found thousands to believe in his prophesies, even after his droughts had been repeatedly postponed on account of the " inclemency of the weather." The Mother Shipton hoax, which a clever New York bohemian ?of the press worked up to his own advantage, and that of the journal employing him, gulled mil lions ; and it "was not until January 1, 1882, that the devotees of credulity ceased to believe that ' " This wicked world to an end shall come In eighteen hundred and eighty-one. Wiggins and the matérialiser of Mother Shipton's ghost have passed away to that oblivion which awaits unlucky seers, but a medico of the " Hub " (Boston, U.S.), undeterred by their example and fate, boldly rushes into print with one of the most singular predictions of the a^e. He announces with all the force and effect of an official utterance that the year 1891 is to wit ness an abnormal increase in the birthrate of the world. In other words,;that more babies are to I be born than in any other, year in the history of this old planet. This is certainly encouraging news for the Sarais of the earth who long for offsprings with the yearning of unawakened maternity, but how about those happy mothers whose hands are already full, and whose objects of affection and solicitude are like to an army, arranged in out grown clothing and picked to pieces shoes. With what feelings will they regard this prophecy. Baby show managers will ¿ take notice that either the Yankee doctor is ? wrong, or else the next year will be their opportunity for a "boom" I in -shows. .With the prospective large ^increase' in the baby census, and the necessarily increased difficulty of providing for it, the .prizes offered in -, these infantile ' competitions will, "be " fiercely contested for, and myriads 'of ."little darlings" will be forthcoming in every town in response to the alluring prospectuses! The girl who can look pretty in a ld automatic" photograph must indeed be beautiful: . Sanso : "Women are wedded to fashion." Eodd: "Yds, and they love, honor, and obey it cheerfully." 