:WRITTEN IN RED; On, THE CONSPIRAOY IN THE NORTH CASE.* A STORY OF BOSTON. B UCHia. Mor'TsouE AND C. W. Draa. CHAPTER XI.-Is DANoen. Reporter Thomas had no time to construct theories to account for what had happened. For whatever reason, Stella North was the woman he had unwittingly followed, and Stella North was the woman who now .lay in his arms, as devoid of life to all appearances, as the twigs upon which her dainty feet were dragging. He looked into her face for the moment with helpless irresolution. The dictates of common humanity would have impelled him to pityher, but itwas no ordinary pity that filled his soul on this occasion. He had been aware ever since the day she flashed upon him that appealing glance as her sister was leading her from the room at Swampacott of a peculiar interest more romantic and tender, perhaps, than he as a matter-of-fact-man was free to admit to himself. But the present emergency demanded prompt action. He could see plainly enough that it was not merely fright that had caused her to loseconsciousness. Nature had bestowed upon her a face charming in its natural roundness of outline and ready always to break into dimpled smiles; but, alas! horror anddeprivation of sleepand food had wrought a wicked change in a few days. As she lay with her head thrown back, her lips parted, her eyes closed, her hair straying recklesslyabout her temples, she looked as if she had just died after a painful illness. Thomas hastened with her out of the sight of possible curiosity. A few steps brought him deep enough into a projectlng wood that fringed the roadside,. and here, m the leaves beneath the trees where the birds were singing, he laid her gently down. His experience in the art of restoring fainting women to con sciousness had been extremely limited, but he believed in the efficaciousnees of alcohol, and always carried .whea travelling for use in an emergency a flask of brandy. A little of this strong remedy poured down the throat half. strangled the victim, but it awoke her. Her eyes opened and she regarded him languidly. He had seen a dying bird look just that way. " Come, Miss North, you feel better now, don't you ?" he said awkwardly, as he sup. ported her head upon his arm. And then when a sudden betrayal of fear and shame surged into her white cheeks he hastened to add " There, nowt there's nothing to be afraid of. Not the least in the world." She made an effortto disengage herself and to arise, but she was very weak, and she only sank back again with a pathetic sigh. The tears came into her eyes at once, and she was unable to conceal her weakness or to check it. Faster a:'u faster they chased each other down her chekt. HIer face was wet with them. Thiemas watched her with increasing con sternation. He who had time and again passed, apparently unmoved, through the most terrible and heartrending of scenes, had now to make a great effort to retain control of himself. But as a matter of fact it is improbable that the girl detected any evidences of agitation in his naturally imperturbable countenance. " Come, Miss North," he murmured, " this will never do. You must not give way like this. Don't despair. It there is anything wronl, you may depend upon me to help you all I can." " Oh, it's not I who need the help," she moaned, quite light-headed by reason of her lopg sufferings; and grasping his sleeve with her little hlend she exclaimed with sudden, passionate intensity, " Oh, don't let them arrest her. Don't let them hang her. Marion never could have done it in her right mind. She was on of her head, you know. You are sure she? was, are you not.?" This unexpected entreaty was a surprite, but it was a most welcome one to Thomas. Ife had not had an opportunity for deliberate thought since he had recognised who it was that had thrown away the uncompromising weapon with the suspicious smudge upon it, and fled from the North villa in the most damnaging of circumstances; but in a vague, general way his heart had been conscious of the weight of the accepted theory that she was in some way im plicated in the dark work of the tragedy. And now these wild, hysterical words, delivered under the pressure of her overstrung emotions, gave him more than a hope that she was inno cent of any part in the hideous crime. Innocent! How could anybody look upon this child and doubt her innocence? lieporter Thomas certainly could not, and he gave up trying to, with a feverish alacrity that was not entirely characteristic of him. Comprehandinr enough of the situation to enable him to act intelligently, he began at once a long attempt to soothe her. ; And behold another miracle! This stern man, whose stoicism was the wonler of his asscciktes, had esuddenly become as patient, as gentle, and as delicate as a woman. He smoothed her hair, he wiped away her tears. He induced her to take a little more of the brandy. By repeatedly assuring her that her sister was in no danger, and afterwards, by turning her attention to other thinls, he brought her once more into a condition of sanity. She was not permitted to test her strength upon her feet, but she sat up against a tree, and began to regard her companion with great, round, wistful eyes, with an air of mingled timidity and impulsive confidence. "And now, M[iss North," said Thomas, at last, " it is absolutely necessary that I should leave you for a few minutes. Will you promise me not to stir until I return ? I will be gone just as short a time as possible." " You are so kind," she said, faintly. " If it is for me you are going I hope, really, you won't trouble yourself. Ii a few minutes I shall be stronger and can go on." " We'll talk about that after I come back," he said, cheerfully. " And meantime I have your promise not to stir ?" "?Since you are so good I can refuse you nothing," she returned, wearily, and closed her eyes. Thomas was off at an energetic pace. He first tied his horse to a tree, and then ran on to the nearest farmhouse. A well-to- do-looking woman, with a sunny face, appeared at the door in answer to his knock. " Madam," said Thomas, hastily, " I have toapologise for my unexpected call, hut, the fact is, I am in great rneed of food-the bestyou have and plenty of it. I'll pay-anything. Only let me have it at once. " But I cau't," said the woman ; " I haven't a thing in the house to eat I" "But I must have something." exclaimed Thomas; "if it's nothing'but milk and water. Thecase is very urgent. Here, do what you can for me." He thrust a five-dollar bill into the good woman's hand. She thrust it back promptly. "Hers, I don't want your money," she said, rather stiffly. "Such as I have you're welcometo. Come In." Sheled the astonished Thomas into an ample ·Pusb by special arragementa With Messrs. Coseell, pantry, which was in a condition of neatness that was almost painful. But it needed no power of divination to determine that it was the pride of the good woman's life, and the shelves fairly groaned with good things. Not a thing in the house to oat! Thomas was dumb with delighted amazement. " Well," said the housewife, evidently enjoy ing the condition of stupefaction to which she had reduced him, "do you see anything you'd like ? If so, you're welcome." "The- the fact is," stammered Thomas, "I wish you'd let me pay for it. I-I-you see I might carry away a little more than i'd like to; for the fact is I've got a friend just hack here in the woods, and she-lihe's starving to death." The woman laughed outright. Of course, she did not believe that anybody was dying in this land of plenty. The bestThomas could do was to effect a compromise. The woman accepted "a dollar for the heathen." Thomas took away all he cmuld well carry. As the reporter approached the place where he had left Stella North, he began to have some fears that she had deserted him in spite of her promise; bhut no. There she was, still sitting against the tree, as he had left her. No, not as he had left her. Completely exhausted, she had fallen asleep. Thomas placed his bundles upon the ground, and softly arranged the repast he had secured from the farmhouse upon a light robe he had taken from the carriage. From the bowl of fresh milk to the golden brown custard pie, it was genuine and wholesome; and though he would fain have had Young's chief cook at his command for an hour or two, still he hoped that she could not fail to find the display at. tractive and appetising. But he hesitated to awaken her. The poor child slept as only one utterly worn out can sleep. He looked at her more attentively, and his heart accelerated its pulsations. "What a pity," lie thought, "that she should be so comprisingly mixed up in such an affair as this! S oung and charming as she is, if the police knew what I know they would not hesitate a minute to arrest her." The thought clouded his brow. He looked at his watch. It was getting late. Unless he proposed to turn her over to the police, in truth, time pressed. "Ahem " he exclaimed. " Miss North !" But her sleep. was too deep to be disturbedby such an, expedient. He placed his handgently upon her shoulder, and a thrill ran through him at the contact. She started up and stared wildly about her. - Gradually the truth cams to her. She awoke from a happy oblivion to the horror of the past few days. The sudden frightened look in her face proclaimed this 1 fact. And then her eyes wandered from the I reporter's face to the collation spread at her I feet. " For me !" she exclaimed. " Oh !-" But nothing but tears bespoke her thanks. She was evidently ashamed to betray herself so ;. but she was too weak to prevent it. She covered her facewith her hands and sank down at the foot of the tree. " You'll think me foolish, I know," she stammered. " Not a bit of it," said Thomas. "I think your nerves are quite unstrung, because you I haven't taken nourishment enough. Eat something, Miss North, I beg of you; and, my word for it, you'll feel better." By dint of much persuasion and adroit management he reassured her, so that she I actually smiled the very ghost of a smile, but it betrayed the presence of a merry dimple in i her cheek, which Thomas thought quite charm. ing. S. How can I thank you ?" she murmured. t " By eating all you can," lie returned. And she did endeavour to show her gratitude in that way. From time to time she looked at himwith a glance of dreadand apprehension. i "You are not afraid of me, Miss North, I Ihope " he said at last, pleasantly. He I was smiling now, as he sat on a rock near by watching her eat, which she did with that ravenous appetite that comes of absolute starvation, " Excuse me," she said, after ani evident i effort, " but you are the same gentleman who I called at our house-who used to know my t father ?" Thomas flushed a little and his eves fell. " Miss North," he said, "I don't intend to deceive you. I am a newspaper reporter." She uttered aslight scream and dropped her I knife and fork into her plate. At another time Thomas would have laughed aloud at the un mistakable consternation produced by the an- c nouncementof his profession. As it was, he reoressed'his tendency to smile when he saw her lips whiten under the cruel apprehension i that had sprung to life within her. " You mistrust me, Miss North," he said, gravely. C "Oh, no," she returned, in a voice barely audible. And added immediately, "For pity's t sake, sir, do you intend to print what I told you t when I was so crazy awhile ago?" "Do I, Miss North ? It depends upon whether or not you go on with your dinner." s "Oh, how can you joke about a thing like this?" " Miss North, I am not joking. I never was c more serious in my life. It is absolutely im- s perativo that you eat." a The poor girl tried to propitiato him by swallocing a few hasty mouthfuls, but it was r avideut thathe had taken her appetite away. She regarded hine with a look of pathetic t appeal. r "Ohl, sir," she exclaimed snddenly, "I en only a poor girl, and chance has placed n me completely it your mercy. Don't tor- v ment mee, I beseech you. Tell me the E worst at once. What do you intend to do with v me I" I " To save you," answered Thomas. "To save me?" she repeated helplessly. a "From whatc" a " From the consequences of your conduct." " Mine!" she exclaimed. "~ What do you hI mean ? I have done nothing." " Pardon me," said Thomas. I" You forget the pistol which you threw away, and your flight from home." She stared at him for a long tine like a statue. " And you uelieve-" she began at last, with a an awful look in her face. "I believe nothing," he interrupted, " so i much as I believe you, Miss North. It is not a question of ,me, but of the police." " The police-police!" sel stammered. " Miss North," said Thomas, " Iwouldnot frighten you needlessly, but I feel compelled to I tell you that you have placed yourself, in the eyes of the law, in a very equivocal position. Unless you can give a full explanation of your conduct-" " Oh, sir," she broke in, "' I cane tell the ( police nothiag-abholutely nothing." She wrung her hands acid looked about hler 1 approhensively. SIt's not because Ilam guilty of anythicg- I oh,sir, you kuow that! lBut I cannot ray whatI have thlousht, what I have been corm pelled to believe iu spite of myself. I ihave said things to youalready, whenI didnot realise what I was doing, whichl I never meant tohave repeated to any ihuman being. And you--on your honour, sir !--won't you keep my secret ?" " I will do everything I can for your sister, for yoursake," said Thomas. " But I must ask you one tlquestion. What reason had you to believe her guilty ?' " I do not believe it. No, I will not so. knowrledge that eover really believed it. But for one moment, when her strange actions seemed unaccountable upon any other supposi ioen, I--ut it was a mstake, sir. I am sure f t. She could explain everything if she would." "There, there!" said Thomas, soothingly. "Don't get excited. You are as safe with me as you could possibly be with any one. I simply wanted to have the assurance from your lips that you are unaware of the fact of any crime." Oh, believe me, sir." " I do, Miss North. I believe you implicitly, and I will do everything in my power to help you." ",You are very noble, sir." "You flatter mo," said Thomas, averting his eyes. "I have sisters of my own, and-" The girl clasped her hands. "And for their sakes-" "No, for your sake," said Thomas, turning quickly to look towards the road. "?ou spoke o1 that dreadful pistol, sir !' she cried, suddenly. "Tell me how you know !" "I saw you, Miss North." "And the pistol is-" "In my pocket." She stretched out her hands impulsively, while a wild light of hope lighted in her face. " Give it to me," she exclaimed. " Forgive me," said Thomas, " but I must refuse you that. Believe me, it pains me to be obliged to refuse you anything." "You--won't give it to me," she faltered. "Aid what, then, do you propose to do with it ?" "I willb he frank with you now as ever, Miss North," he said, in a low voice. "I intend to give it to the police." She swayed, but his arm prevented her from falling. "Come! come!" he exclaimed, in a quick whisper, as for the moment he held her close to his rapidly-beating heart. "Be a woman t Do your duty as I shali do mine I I have promised you my protection-my utmost effort on behalf of yourself and your sister. Miss North, will you trust me?" Impulsively she brought her face very near to his and turned the light of her blue eyes full into his dark ones. It was anu intense, fearful, searching stare; a look such as one might- cast into the future at a fork in the road of life be tweenlasting happiness anddespair. His gaz. never faltered, but' hers did. She blushed, suddenly became self-conscious, and precipi tately looked down at the ground. "I will," she murmured, faintly. "You are in imminent danger," he said, hastily. "Thereis no time to lose. Follow me." And as he turned from her she obeyed him with the trusting confidence of a little child. CHAPTER XII.-TsnoaesDEOLIsES TO STATE Tuconsus. About ten o'clock on Monday morning a tele phonic message came over the wires from the chief of police at Lynn to theoBostonpolico head quarters which seriously interfered with the habitual imperturbability of Inspector Apple. bee. "Whatever does this signify?" he demanded of the chief inspector. "That youngest North girl has disappeared." "No!" exclaimed his superior, in a tone of I surprise. "How can that be ?" "I don't know how it can be; it is," Applebee declared. "She left the house some time last evening. They did not discover her absence till this morning. A hurried search of the neighbourhood traces her to the railroad station where she took the last train for Boston." "That's a queer family, anyhow," com mented the chief inspector, with a very puzzled air. "Applebee, have you tried to ascertain whether there isn't insanity in the blood?" "Plague take it! What was I thinking of not to have put a man to watch her last night ? I thought of it, but it seemed an absurd pre. caution!" fumed the inspector. " However, her flight the minute the funeral is over does away with any lingering doubt I may have had of her complicity ie the crime." "Better put White on her track at once. Then see me and lot us have a word or two." Inspector White having been despatched to the Eastern depSt with instructions to find the fugitive at any cost, Inspector Applebee re turned to the private office of his superior. The chief carefully closed the door. "Appleboe," he said, as he resumed his chair, " if I understand you definitely, there is nobody, so far as known, who benefits a cent by North's death except his daughter Stella ?" "Exactly, inspector. You are to understand just that. There is not the slightest indication of robbery or theft. Both the property in the house and the personal property on North's person were intact. Nobody benefits but this girl. Just two months ago he took out a 10,000dol. policy in her favour in the Penn Mutual." "And are Sou sure he has effected no other insurance ?" "I cannot find that he has, or that he ever did." "Isn't it rather peculiar that he waited all these years and then made her his sole benefi ciary in this way ?" " 1 don't know. His other daughter is mar ried, and he probably considered her amply provided for, and the outlook of business affairs might have warned him that it would be pru dent to heave over an anchor to the windward. But, whatever his reasons, the fact is indis putable. There it is, in black and white. The woman who uses the perfume I have been look ing for is the sole person to profit by Paul North's death. It is a curious coincidence, to say the least, that the two clues should implicate the same person. And yet a seventeen-year old girl like this-oh, I can't believe it; that's all." "Applebee," said the chief, "I begin to realise that we are in a very delicate position in this matter. It calls for our nicest discrimina tion and judgment." "I should say as much." "Let us see what we know. We have established circumstantially beyond a reason able doubt the identity of the woman who was in the Marlboro street house at or after the time of North's death; the woman who, to say the least of it, must be an accessory after the fact." " So, indeed." "Instead of some adventuress, the woman turns out to be North's own daughter, a mild faced, innocent-looking girl of seventeen." "So, indeed."', " Well, now, to my mind, unless the girl is crazy (and we have no evielonce that-she is), slhe never could have shot her father." t. It's a pretty serious thing to charge her with it." "You don't believe it ?" " I'm hardly prepared to dispute the evi dence." "Very well, then, there is only one explana tion. She knows who did it, and she runs away to avoid questions." "It looks so." " And as she never could reconcile her con science to such action unless the guilty party were very near or very dear to her-" "Stackhouso again." said Applebee, signifi cantly. "There'sno way out of it. Unless something turns up;in his favour, I've got to arrest that man." "It looks so. Bat I shouldn't like to make a mistake." "Nor I. It's not like taking some poor beast into custody. A mistake like that only redounds to our discredit." "Very well. Wait a day or two. Something more must come out. Let us find this girl. It cwon't take much to frighten her thoroughly. She will tell us everything she knows. Mean while, you are sure Stackhouse cannot take French leave?" "Trust me for that. M'tMacnus and Rlobbins are both k:eeping their eyes upon hlim. So long as he behaves himself he may do as lie pleases. At the first cause for suspicion they will bring him in." There was a knock at the door. " Mr. Mendell," said themessenger, "to see JIr. Applebee." "It's the writing expert," said Applebee. "Send hlim in." Mr. Mondell appeared, bearing under his arm a small portfolio. " Good morning, gentlemen," was his greet ing. "And what do you think of the news? No surprise to you. I suppose'" "What news?" questioned the chief ina spector gruffly. "Whey, the collapse of North and Stack house, to be sure. What, hadn't you heard?" The two officials were staring at each other. " Whero did you hear that, Mendell?" Applebee asked. " Where? Everywhere. It's all over town. Of course, circumstances make everybody talk about it. All sorts of rumours are afloat as to thle rcause of it. Some say it wouldn't have occurred but for North's death. Others say it hnad got to come anyway-that it was only a matter of time. But, plague take it! lnthat wssn't what I came for." "What do they say's the cause of the firm failing?" asked the chief inspector, with every appearance of intense interest. " WVell, as I hear it, they've been doing busi ness lately chiefly on wind. Oh, it's an awful smashup. They say Fetridge, the young mil lionaire, was a considerable loser. In fact, they say all sorts of things, as they always do at snuch times, but I don't know how true they "Wreho is this Fetridge ?"' the chief inspector inquired of Applebee, as if the name were new "Why, he's the man who came here to get us to search the house in Marlboro street last Thursday. A friend of the family, I believe. At any rate, he was at the funeral." "And what are the rumours, Mendell?" pursued the chief inspector. " About Fctridge ? Well, it's reported that hoe's held the firm up by the nape of the neck, as it were, until North's death, out of regard for the old man ; but that Stackhouse tried to see him since and got the cold shoulder. They say that Stackhouse and Fetridgo are anything but fricnds." " Quite so," said Applebee. " But, turning from gossip to business, what's your re ortn " "Well, gentlemen," returned Ml'endell, briskly opening his portfolio and extracting therefrom everal papera, " I don't know that I can help you a great deal, but I'm satisfied of one thing. Out of all the specimens of writing lwhich Jobson presented for my inspec. tion, there are not five which could have been done Iv the party who preparedthe anonymous letter." " There are four, then I" said Applebee. "Just," returned Mendell, spreading the samples upon the table; " and there you have them." " And how about your preference P' " Ihavo none. You see the writing of the original is too shaky to be a good guide. It is evidently a disguised hand, but at the same time not disguised by a person who understood how to disguise handwnting. Evidently when he had written it he thought, because it didn't have the general appearance, to his own eye, of his own writing, it was consequently sufflemntlhy blind to deceive anybody. I don't believe the peculiarity of the formation of the letters ever occurred to the person." " Who are these parties ?" "Three of them are business men. The fourth was formorly a clerk in the firm's employ, but was discharged, I belihove, for drunskeanss." " ehaw I" said ALpplelkee. "I know .these three men. They're none of them in need of money, and would not have taken that means to get it if they had been." "It remains, then, with this other fellow- Willard Smith--ohP" said the chief inspector. " What do you know of this man's history ?" "Nothing but the few words'that Jobson ac cidentally let fall," replied the expert. "He said that the man was young and industrious. That he invested every cent in Nicaragua Mid land, lost his money, and took to rum as a con solation." "That's our man," said the chief inspector, iositively. ,"Applebee, let's go to work on There was no time lost. Inspector Applebee and his assistants were soon scouring the city for information concerning Mr. Willard Smith, late clerk with Noith and Stackhouse. But the quest presented some unexpected difliculties, and when Tuesday morning came it had not yet achieved success. Applebee was scarcely awake on Tuesday norniug when tihe following telegram was placed enhis hands "HAnRTFORD, Conn., G a.m. " Important.! Meet me at headquarters at 11. D" W TE." "Does he bring Stella North with him?" ras the grave. question that persisted in Applebee's mind during the intervening time. SIf so, I am confident that we are nearing the end of this perplexing case." He communicated his anxiety to the chief inspector, and both men waited with impatience the coming of the man who had- gone to guest of the mysterious fugitive. Alas, for iheir hopes !.Inspector White was quite alone. The three men were clcseted together as soon as he arrived. "Not a trace of her?" exclaimed Applobee, impatiently. Slippedthrough my fingers like a fish!" said 11hite. "Circumstances very peculiar. Whole thing mnysterious: more than myaterious -suspicious." " How do you mean t" White placed his hand impressively on Applebes's shoulder, and though the door was shut, spoke in almost a whisper "I tell you, man, it is one of two things. That girl's either made away with herself or she's had help to escape." "It's likely enough that she had help to escape," observed the chief. "But I know of no good reason why she should go outside of the State of Massachusetts for the purpose of committing suicide." "(r ait till you have heard me," said White, eagerly. "Observe the facts carefully. I traced this girl to the Albany depdt, and through the hackman; who bought her ticket to Hartford, was able to go direct to her stopping place. There I expected trouble. hot a bit or it. Everybody knew about her. Why Well, I'll tell you why. Somebody had got ahead of us; that's all A black-haired oung man, aboutothirty years of age who wrote his name William C. Waterston, had been up in the morning making inquiries all over the place, representing her as insane." "Evidently an assumed name," muttered Applebee, apprehensively. " Couldn't you get Sfull description t,"yu• "' You may be sure I did, even to the cut of his shoes. But wait a bit. I haven't got to the end. This young man hired a carriage at Last Hartford and started out upon the road in chase of the girl. That he overtook, her I have positive evidence. that she thereafter disappeared, and that he went on alone, I'm equally well informed." "What" ejaculated Applebee. "Just as I tell you," said White. "I traced ;his woman to a certain place on the road setween Hartford and Buckland. Abruptly ill trace of her disappears. She is seon in con. cereation with this man, and not again by enybody in either direction. Meanwhile the nan kept one alone. He was seen by several aeople by himself in the carriage. He drove lear to Vernou, sent the carriage back to East' Hartford by a messenger, and there he disap pears too." "Great powers !" exclaimed the chief. "We're outwitted." " For the time it would seem so." " For the time!" echoed the chief irascibly. 'Don't you see what this means?' Thegirl vas a greenhorn. The man was an expert. ['ll bet you a hundred dollars he had that girl ill the timnein the bottom of his carriage. Why lidn't he go back to Hartford? Can't you see, pis purpose !! -The New York and New Eng and railroads run through Vernon. By tins his time both principal and accomplice are iafe in thecity of New York." • The two assistants stared blankly. " At any rate," said Applebee "it plainly lemonstrales one thing. We're dealing with erofessionals." "Professional what?" asked the chief, ngrily. "'What is there in the line of a .rofessional about this affair ? Was there any heft, any property missing? This isn't a urglary, my friend; it's a murder." "So, indeed," said Applebee. "But pro. essionals have been hired before now to do .a ob of that kind. It's uo use for you to tell me hat this chap doesn't know the ropes, asoctor." '1 he chief seemed struck by his remark, and came thoughtful. W" 'Vite ouet the fullest possible description of he man," he said to White. " We'll see what re can do; though I'm afraid we've botched Inspector Whlite took out his notes, and, eating himself at the table, began immediately o comply with the request. In the midst of he work a messenger ventured to bring a card a the door. "'IHumph." said the chief, "Kingman V. hoenas, of the Jolstoe, Ilobe, is here, and he ays that his Lusiness is important and im sediate." 6 Loet him come in, then," advised Applebee. I tell yout that man cut his eye teeth years go. It lhe says important he means impor ant." The chief gave a sign of acquiescence, and hortly after the door opened to admit Mlr. Cingeman V. Thomas. Quietly dignilled, and otirely master of himself, as upon all occasions, he reporter cast a quick glance upon the :roup. Without a word he advanced to the able, inserted his hand in his breast, took herefrom something entrapped in a news paper, and laid it down before the chief uspector. " What is it, Thomas " queried Applebee, uriousle. " Look at it," returned the reporter, briefly. The chief undid the wrapping and took out on old-faehi,ned 32.calibre, four-'narrelled, reeclh-loading pist,l, about eight inches in ength, and stained with rust in several places. lverybody started and looked eagerly from .I weanuon to the serious face of the man who ead brought it. " It is just as I found it," hle said, quietly, 'with the exceptiou of the rust. I took itoutof :he water, and I didn't care to wipe it much, car fear of destroying the smut on that empty barrel." "'eoll," said the chief, with an assumption ot indifference, "why do you bring it here?" "1 considered it my duty to do so, sir." "To be sure; but what makes you think so ? in other words, where did you find it'?" "Ifoundit in the 'water on the shore at fwampscott." "S'ampscott!" ejaculated Applebee, who began to examine the weapon writh avidity. ' The deuce you did! When ?" " Sunday night, about nine o'clock." "Sunday !" echoed the ehioi inspector, sharply, "a nd it is now Tuesday morning. You were evidently in no haste." "I went out of town by a very early trainon londay. This is the first opportunity I have bad, gentlemen." " 1ow came you to be wading in the water at Swampscott after dark, Thomas?" quee tioned Applebee. "Well. air, it won't take me long to tell you lhnt little I know about the matter. I stepu Late but one thing. This must not be given to the press. You agree? Very well. I was pasilg the North villa when i saw a woman nveloped in a long cloak stealing out of the garden. I followed her, deenmilg her appe5O oncesuspicious. She went towards the shore, and I thought I saw her throw something into the water. WVaiting till she had gone, I waded out and found this. Iran up the street, hoping to catch her, but missed the last train in. She seems to have been in better luck." The three inspectors exchanged signillcant glances. 'And yoe didn't seo her face, Thomas'c" Applebee eagerly inquired. "i 1did not; no." " And you have no idea who she is r" Thomas hesitated a moment before re-c plying. "' I don't know tomt I care to state theories. You have enough of yor oI." ' f at last, "'eell, Mr.''homas5" said the chiefat Is , " Ithink you are entitled to our most sincere thanks for important evidence in the North case. Still, in matters of this kind, delays are dangerous. It does seemn as if you might eave found some way to gotthis to us before this." "' I preferred to deliver it in person," said Thomas, quietly. " I never take any chances in a matter of this importance." " You prefer to be slow but sur, I sup se," said the chief, smiling. " Well, Apple ,e here it is. It won't take you long to verdf your suspicions about it." "rather suspect that Thomas has already done that," Appleebee said., " I took that liberty, yes," agreed the re. porter. "t o whom did you take it?" " To Comfort Harwood, Swampsoott." " When ?" " This morning-the first opportunity I have had." " And what did slhe say P!' " She positively identified it as the property of the late Paul North." This appeared to be the extent of Thomas's inforhmation. When he went ont, White said with a smile: "Bless me if that man wouldn't stand as a model for this description I am writing." " Eh !" exclaimed the chief inspector, -turn. lig suddenly in his chair. "Applebee, watch that man !' "What? Thomas?" cried the subordinate, in amused amazement. "That same Thomas," said the chief, drily; "unless you want the newspapers to get ahead of us in this matter. For I tell you that man knows more than he has told us." (TO DE CONTINUED.) 