GODDARD WHIPS M'CARTY. The Demon's Triumphal March. AKOTHER KUNG IN THE FISTIC LADDER. A Step Nearer Paddy Slavin. Once more tho gallant Billy M'Carty has kissed the dust ; but he fell amidst tho cheers of a multitude of mon who applaudod his gallant bearing when opposed to odds of tho most gigantks order, and he fell in a ring that has seen somo superb battles at one time and anothor. When tho elootrio current flashed tbo nows from tho desolate Barrier to Sydney late on Monday night I allowod my' imagina tion to run riot for a short Bpace, and in fancy I Btood alone in O'Bierno's Hall at Broken ITlll Inrt «n T — ..nnnd .in llin nl fl ffimilifir steps to tbo platform, and stood at the corner which of old time was religiously kept sacred to tho Bahbieb Miner reporter, I felt that a dram of good High land Blend would make ghosts walk, and as my soul livoth, so it camo to pass. Over the magic square glided the tall figure of DATE GREEN, upright as a dart, clean-limbed and supple. Tho shade of Adelaide's champion boxer stood for a moment at the front ropes facing tho audience, mado a bow and vanished into space. Liko a flash another figure entered, tho shado of CHABLTE BATHGATE, the first champion boxor of the Barrier, for tho space of a couple of seconds he stood there, tall and angular, a fine wreck of what had been a grand man. His left well feet in front of him, his chin buried in the hollow of his shonldor, right drawn back ready for instant action, and aa in a dream I saw a dozen of his victims glide in front of him, look in a scared fashion at the one-time deadly right band, then skip out of the arena, afraid oven of his ghost— poor Charlio. In at one cornor aud out of tbo other went the shado of J'AT CAKItOLL, the light-weight, who in tho fullnes3 of his pride challenged English Jem Carney to do battlo for tho world's championship. Pat gazed ruefully at tbo spot where he once mot Victoria's onc-timo prodigy, Peter Boland, and sighed softly and sadly as ho thought of tho mighty buffett that laid him low and gave place to OWEN SULLIVAN. Even as tbo grisly Irishman Btood forth with tho scars of many a desperate battlo on cheek and chest and brow, a multitude of bowling, shrieking, dead aud forgotten shades sparrod up to him and dived out of Bight again. There moved tho mighty form of that king of quitters, Mass Kirby. A moment he sparred, and then as Owen's ghost smashed out the loft duko and drove tho right like a mulo's kick on to the face. Mass tho bcantiful, tbo bouncoablo, tbo weak of heart, curled up and sunk through the floor liko apoorhouso corpse on a wet Sunday. Jack Perry camo and gave Owen a great 20 rounds go, and quitted to a right on tho temple. JIM HALL, long of limb, white of skin, tricky and clever, Blid up to the Irishman, and tho rattle of his ghostly glovo on that cast-iron mug was as the dripping of tho rain-drops when the tem pest is at its full, until again that brawny fist fell on the temple, and tho Sydney crack was lifted tenderly over tho ropes by the shado of Tom O'Beirne, with its wooden leg true to life, and portly Billy ? Williams. Sullivan turns to depart in peace, but as bo does so a grim fieuro bars his way, and there in the half-light stands the king of tho silver- fields, tho demon of tho back-blocks, mighty JOE QODDARD, and the shades fight that fast, fierce battle o'er again. Once more tbo gallant Irishman flings his list 101b at Joe's Herculean 14st; again the cyclone bounds on top of him, walks over him, chews him up, smashes him hip and thigh, until the boards are crimson with gore, and tho gloves aro soaked with tbo ruby fluid, and then Owen falls whipped, hopelessly whipped, with a lip hanging down on his chest liko a coverlid for a child's cot, nnd a faco whoso general outline would havo dono solemn duty for an illustra tion of Ballyhooly'a own battlo ground with a new cemetery thrown in. Proudly big Joe looks round him forifrcsh victuals, for fighting moans eating with him. Tho sturdy form of Charlio Dunn clambers through the ropes with his everlasting grin on his poetical figurehead. He sobs out a sign for a junk of road-metal as he observes the size of the giant and goes for hia gruel, and ? gets it. I'ADDY SLATIN AND BILLT SMITH pass over tho historic boards, and box four friendly rounds and bow themselves out again, and then tho ironbark figurehead of tho wonder of tho Australian prize ring, OLD JIM BORfJE crops up, and faco to face with him stands the long, lean form of the man who brought to bur shores tho Feather-weight Champion Bhip of tho World, BILLT JIOnrHY. Once again they fight their bitter, desperate battle of 30 rounds. The feather-weight falls whipped, but even in defeat ho adds the brighest gem to his fistic crown. jijimt MOitriiY follows Iiis brother, and ho too falls before the ' Iron Man,' and old Burgo looks for fresh laurels, and, turning round, meets tho gazo of the man whom Dempsey defeated, game billy m'cartt. They walk around arm in arm, and review tho jjraves whero so many great fighters had fallen ; then they set sail at ench other, and after a wonderful mill tbo fatal La Blanche blow lays tho ' Iron Man' to sleep lor the firtit time in his life. NirPER l'EAKES, Melbourne's great feather-weight, shakes his head sadly as his foot touches tbe boards where ho lay squirming in agony after William Murphy landod under his heart with bis Bolid right band in the sixth round, aud once moro gigantic Joe Goddard appears and mops tho floor in six rounds with the shade of Billy M'Carty. Tbon tho best sports on the field aud tho squarest in tho world fill the hall for a moment. Tho Pells and tho Browns, tho D'Arcys and tho host of others, and abovo all the sturdy miners' perpetual cry of 'Fair play and tho rongh ond of tho dog to tbo cur,' breaks on tho vision, and I awake to tho fact that they are things of tho past, and I havo a recent battlo to chronicle. (by wire— trom our own correspondent.) Broken Hill, Tuesday. Mr. E. B. Pell was mutually chosen rofereo, aud Mr. A. J. Hall timekeeper. A number of bouts between well-known local men broko the ico, and then Joo Goddard entered the ring, attended by Williams and Smith. He received a great welcome as ho stopped through tho ropes. Mac. Boon followed, at tonded by Heffeman and Heggarty. Cheers rout tho air for the gamo little chap. Round 1. — Joo did not waste a moment. Ho was thoro on business ; clean on top of Mac. ho dashed and lot go left and right. Mac. did not flinch, but stood up to his task, banged both hands baok liko lightning ; then thoro was a furious minute's work. Mac. got away out of danger with remarkable cloverness, and going to meet tho giant as ho put in another of his great whirlwind nets, ho smashed the right on tho jaw, and brought tho Champion down full length on tho floor a terrible smash. Mac's friends thought it was all over, for bo bad landod on the point as oloan as a whistle; but Goddard climbed up, and Bet about look ing for moro fight. Kound 2.— Goddard made ono of bis his torical rushes, and Mao ducked neatly out of danger, the big chap charging clean past him like a cyclono. Then Mao ladlod out some warm gruel until Joo swung tho right on to the side of the boad and the left on the jaw; after that things got sinful for the little fellow. Round 3.— This round was a good ono, even for tho Barrier, where so many great fights have come off, and Mac standing up to his man nnd fighting him all the journey surprised every one in tho hall. During the last minute both mon woro dead baked, and a child could have whipped 'em both, thoy had made tho pace so furious. Bound 4.— Goddard sot sail at the little wonder in bis grimmest fashion , and Mac fought terribly hud for tho ribs aud under the heart, but ho searched in vain for a soft spot. Joo was far from being idle, and his visitations mado Mac very weak, no one present could understand how Goddard revived the way he did. A punch on the chin would make him rocky, and tho riext minute be would be sail ing in as fresh as paint. Kound 5. — Joo rushed, and Mac stood close in, but could not be said to enjoy himself a heap, and Goddard pounded him in a most enthusiastic style. A quitter would have made for the 'old familiar woodheap at this period, but Mac is a lion at heart. Round C. — Joo planked the right with great vim on the ribs, and doubled Mac up. Then ho paid visits of extermination to all parts of Mac's carcase that usually wears clothing. But Mac made a final effort, and some fast fighting followed. Then Joe fairly eclipsed himself by the way ho lifted Billy from one part of the ring, finally laying him faoo down wards with a terror on tho sido of tho head. Billy crawled up, but was so badly dazed that his seconds threw up the sponge. Joe speaks great words of praino for Billy, and says Iio'b tho erittieet fellow he's ever met. All the Barrier is in love with Mac for bis great game Bhowing. O'Bierne will cive a big purse for the winner of tho Dooley Choynski fight to meet Goddard at tho Hill. Ho trill also give a pnrso for a battle between Owen Sullivan and Ned Ryan, or, if they like it better, ho will give the hall free and let them fight for a gate. 