Some Curious Superstitions. Grosh tells us that it is unlucky to see one magpie and afterwards several others, but, on the other hand, if two magpies are seen it is a sign of an approaching wedding ; three, of a prosperous journey ; and four, that some good news will be received. Another authority states that a wedding is presaged by three magpies, and a death by four ; and according to an old Scotch rhyme quoted by Dr. Brewer One's sorrow, two's mirth, Three's wedding, four's a birth, Five's christening, six a dearth, etc. That it is unlucky to have peacock's feathers in a house, says Chambers's Journal, is firmly believed by many people, this piece of superstition most probably having its origin in the story of Argus, who was changed into a peacock, his hundred eyes—or in other words, spies—becoming at the same time the eye-spots on the tail feathers of that bird. It is only natural that our domestic poultry, during their long association with man, should have given rise to many superstitious beliefs and customs. Thus, from the days of the ancients, cockerels have been used as auguries, and much importance has been attached to the behaviour of fowls generally. The crowing of a hen is considered unlucky, and in some localities is looked upon as a foreboding of death. Moreover, the hen that is able to sing like her spouse does not appear to gain a very enviable reputation by the accomplishment, for a well-known adage asserts that A whistling maid and a crowing hen Are neither good for God or men. The cock, however, can crow to his heart's content, so long as he does it at reasonable times and the people living around do not object to the noise. In fact, it is as well, perhaps, that he should crow, for it is an ackuowledged fact that by his voice all respectable ghosts are regelated, and that at the first sound of " cock-a-doodle-doo " they must cease wandering among the living and hasten back to Hades. It is said that in Persia the crowing of a cock is accounted lucky or otherwise according to the time at which it is heard, and should any misguided fowl so far forget himself as to crow at an unlucky hour he is forthwith killed for his pains—a custom, it is to be hoped, which has its proper moral effect on the Persian poultry. Fortunately for the present generation, the cocks of a modern farmyard are not in the habit of laying eggs. In olden times, however, they do not appear to have been so considerate, and mediaeval poultry-keepers suffered much anxiety in consequence, for they held it to be a well-authenticated fact that a cork's egg hatched by a viper would produce a cockatrice, which was a monster, half reptile, half bird, so venomous that it could kill a man by merely looking at him. 