qC^^ ^o. BY ' TEBAX,' * Author of 'In-the Swim,' 'Hard Hit,' 'Blue and. TVTiite,' &o.; ? SPECIALLY 'WRITTEN FOR THE '» REFEREE.' ALL EIGHTS EESEEVED. ' [I -would call the attention of my readers to the alteration of the title of ' ' With the Tide.' It lias been chanced to ' In the Swim.' Tills was rendered necessary on account of Slcssrs* Routlcdgo and Sons, the publishers, discovering that the title 'With the Tldo' hud already been registorod undor tho EnellnH'Copyrlght Act. Tho novel -will bo ont In book form early tu Oc tober nmler tho new title of ' In the Swim.'—' Verax.'] CHAPTER XXXVI. . BLAKE'S LAST RIDE. « i '\T OU'LL meet that fellow Blake to J- day,' said Dalton to Jockey Jack, as, they drove to Eandwick course in a hansom. 'He rides Bed Dick in the Epsom Handicap, and the horse was well backed last night.' ' Blake riding, is he ?' said Jack. ' I don't fear him much with a horse like Blue Blood under me.' 'We ought to win. I wired Sir William this morning I thought lie would about get home. I'm to put a couple of hundred on for him.' ' I wish he could have come over,' said Jack. 'I saw Flushton last night. He appears to be pretty thick with Marlow again. I wish he would cut loose from that crowd, they'll do him no good.' ' I'm afrad he's a bad lot,' said Dalton. 'He's pretty deep in their net, and they don't let 'em go in a hurry once they get fairly hold of them.' ' What sort of a course is Eandwick to ride on ?' asked Jack. ' Oh, you'll find it all right. Get a good position from the start and keep it, and make a dash for the raila after you enter the straight, that is if you have a good chance of getting through. If not steer a clear course, and come well down the centre,' said Dalton. There waa the usual crowd assembled in the paddock when Dalton and Jack arrived, aud they were speedily recognised. Blue Blood had been installed a warm favorite, and not more than five to one could be had about his chance. St. Altno was backed, and also several of the Sydney horse3, among them being Bed Dick, who had gradually crept up in the quotations. Jack wont into the jockey's room to dress, andsatdown near Blake, not noticing him at the time. ' Oh, you're here, are you ?' said Toddy, as he recognised his old stable mate. ' Ride Blue Blood I suppose ?' 'Yes,' said Jack. ' How have you been getting along?' 'Grand,' said Blake. 'Had plenty of riding, and won two or three good races.' ' I'm glad to hear it,' said Jack. ' You ride Hed Dick to-day, don't you ?' ' Yes,' said Blake. ' You have a trifle on him, he'B got a good show.' ' I've got my bit on Blue Blood thanks,' said Jack ; ' and I fancy he'll just about win.' ' We'll see about that,' said Blake. ' I hear you're married, are you ?' ' Yes,' said Jack. ' Well, Iwish you luck. You're no par ticular friend of mine, but I don't want any harm to come to you.' ' I would have been a good friend to you, Blake,' said Jack, ' had you given me the chance.' . ' ' I feel a bit queer to-day,' said Toddy. ' That Red Dick's got a brute of a temper. Dashed if I don't think I'm getting nervous. I must have some brandy before I get up.' ' Don't,' said Jack. ' Wait till the race is over.' ' I might not be able to got it then,'' said Blake, moodily, as he got up and walked out with his saddle on his arm. ' What the deuco can he mean,' thought Jack. ' I've heard of jockeys having pre sentiments of evil, but Blake must be very much off to talk like that. Perhaps he's boon drinking heavily.' When Blue Blood was being put to rights a largo crowd surrounded him, Marlow being among the number.' He was not popular at Randwick, and he knew it, but he cared very little for the opinion of the public. 'Look3 a bit light, Dalton,' he said. ' Think so ?' said Ned, as he braced up the girth. ' Yes, I do. Not half as woll as when he ran in tho Newinarket/'said Marlow. ' Perhap3 not,' said Dalton. ' But he'll beat your horse, anyway.' 'Not him,' said Marlow, and walked away. Jack was quickly in the saddle, and Blue Blood evidently on his best behaviour walked about quietly until the bell rang to go to tho post. A field of thirty faced the starter, and over a mile Jack felt he would have all hU work cut out to steor a clear course. Ho know that Blue Blood possessed great pace, and he determined to make the most use of it. After a short delay the flag fell. Jack had been watching Blake before the start, and thought he must have had too much of the brandy ho bad been talking about, so wild waa tho look in his eye3. Jack kept Blue Blood well in the centre, and watched his opportunity. On they swept, the wholo of the big field well together. As they turned into the straight Jack saw an opening on the rails and shot in. The horse going along side him was Red Dick. Ho Baw Blake's face was palo as death, and felt his mount was closing him on to the rails. Surely Blake could not intend, to ride him down. It might kill them both. What could it mean. On they went. The pace was terrific. Horso after horse fell back, and at the distance Blue Blood lield a slight advan tage How tho crowd roared tho favorite's name. 'Blue Blood wins' came from thousands of throats. Jack felt he had tho race safe, but he could not shako oil Red Dick. As they reached the half distance Jack looked sideways at Blake, and he saw a sight that fairly made his blood creep, and momentarily made him lose his head and almost the race, for Blue Blood eased in bis stride. ' What the devil's up with Jack ?' said Dalton, as be saw the horse falter. Well might Jack be forgiven for that slight mistake. Tho glance bo had rapidly given, showed Toddy Elake with oye3 set in a glassy stnro, his teeth clenched, and his cheeks a ghastly hue. He kept glancing behind him and bending forward as though he saw something at his back. Jack fancied he heard him cry out, ' Help, help, lie's after me,' and he saw the blood flowing from Red Dick's sido. The horse ho felt sure was now almost as mad as tho rider. It was a, horrible sensation Jack ex perienced, but in another moment he had set Blue Blood going again, and was racing hurd for tha winning post. Ho could hear Red Dick thundering after him, and Toddy Blake uttering wild, weird cries. Never in liis life had Jack been so un nerved. Another glance and lie saw Blake was madly spurring his horse, and Red Dick was gaining on Blue Blood. It was now or never, and Jack raised his whip and rode Blue Blood desperately. The gallant horse responded, and amid shouts of joy from his numerous backers, Sir William's horse passed the box a good half length in front of Red Dick. But what was this solemn bush in the crowd. Something was wrong. No need to tell Jack what it was. As he eased Blue Blood, Blake on Red Dick shot past him at full gallop. Jack saw Blake was either mad or drunk, for the jockey was still riding the horse furiously. ' Stop, Blake. For God's sake, stop,' shouted Jack. ' Are you mad ?' A demoniac yell was the only answer, as Blake, with another wild shout, lashed furiously behind him with hia whip. The horses had filed into the weighing enclosure, but no order waa given to dis mount. ? Everyone wa3, as it were, spell-bound, and all eyes were fixed on a solitary horse man racing madly round the comae alone. A 'deep silence had fallen on the crowd, and even the judge forgot to place the second/ and third horses' numbers ou the board, so intense was the excitement. . 'He's mad. The fellow's mad. He'll bo killed, sure as fate,' and snch-like ex pressions were heard wliispered about. ? Jockey Jack ant stock still on Blue Blood, and even the horses seemed to know some thing dreadful was about to take place. Thousands of people wore intensely watching the horso and rider careering along the far sido of the course. On on came Red Dick in a wild gallop. Round the turn ho flew liko a swallow, and tore madly down the straight. . 'They're both mad,' yelled tho crowd. ' Great Heavens ! look at liim,' said Dalton, who was at Blue Bloodfs head. It was indeed a terrible sight. Toddy Blake had now let p;o the reins, and was clutching at his throat as though he waa being strangled to death. He still had a firm grip on the saddle, but bis strength seemed to be giving way. His face was convulsed, and it waa quite evident some hidden terr.or had driven him mad. And Red Dick. What of him ? The horse seemed 113 mad aa the rider. His flanks streamed with blood, and blood and foam covered his chest. As ho neared tho winning post, Red Dick commenced to falter. ' They'll be killed,' shrieked the crowd. ' See, the horse has broken a blood vessel. He'll fall in a minute.' With breathless expectancy the vast concourse of people awaited the result, which now seemed inevitable. Blake was evidently oblivious to his danger, and ho appeared to be laughing in an idiotic manner, and chattering to him self. What a eight for men and women to see. A horse and rider galloping headlong to certain death, and no oue could aave them. At last Red Dick makea ono more effort. The gallant horso, ridden by a maniac to his death, struggles bravely on. A dull, sickeuing thud. A loud wild terrible cry, as though a lost soul was shrieking for mercy, and Red Dick and his rider roll over and oyer on tho ground nearly opposite tho winning post, where Jockey Jack a few moments before had ridden the favorite to victory. Horse and rider soemfid to be heaped together in one battered mass. Red Dick struggled for a few moments, and then lay still, with Blake under him. Willing hands quickly extricated the un fortunate jockey, and carried him into the accident room. A3 for poor Red Dick, he lay gasping out his last breath on the track. Blake was not quite dead. He was a fearful sight to look at. A mangled masa of broken bones and bruised flesh, and his face almost beyond recognition, Tho jockeys had been weighed in, and Jack at onco went across the paddock to see Blake. A passage was made for him, and he wont in. There lay poor Toddy dying in mortal agony. Agoriy of mind aa well as body, so the doctor said. ' Do you know him ?' asked the Doctor, turning to Jack. ' Ye3, poor fellow,' said Jack. 'Is he mad, Doctor?' ' I can't make him out. He's had a terrible fright. No ; I hardly think he's mad now, but he has only a few moments to live.' Blake's eye — he had lost one — looked at Jack. Ho bent over the bruised, mangled form. ' Poor old chap, I'm awfully sorry, Toddy. Bear up, old fallow,' said Jack, in a husky voice. ' It ? drove nie mad,' mutterod Blake. ' It sat behind me all the way. I couldn't got away from it.' ' What was it ?' said Jack. 'A ghost,' said Blake, faintly, 'hia ghost.' ' What glio3fc ?' said Jack, in a whisper. 'Reuben Potter,' said Blake. Jack started, and looked with horror at Blake. What could it mean ? 'Reuben Potter,' said Jack. 'What had you to do with Reuben Potter ?' 'X— I, — I,' — groaned Blake. A gurgling sound came from his throat, lie gave one great gasp, and then all was still. Toddy Blake wa3 dead, lie had ridden liis lust race, and now his troubles were ended. -. 'Jack walked sorrowfully away. A3 he went across the paddpek a country-looking man accosted him. ' Jockey dead ?'ho asked. ' Yes,' said Jack. ' Friend of yours, I believe.' 'I knew him,' said Jack. ' Do you know me ?' ' No,' said Jack. 'I'm Detective Hyatn. I've been em ployod in that Reuben Potter case. I fancy that unfortunate fellow knew more about i'fc than he cared to tell.' 1 ' Did lie ?' said Jack. He did not think i b was any business of bis to tell the detec tive what lie had fancied poor Blake :meant. ' Excuse mo, but did he say anything to you ?' said Hyam. 'He did,' said Jnck. 'Might I aak what it waa. It's most important,' said Hyam. 'He said he fancied something was riding behind him in the race, and it drove bim mad,' aaid Jack. 'Oh,' said Hyam, significantly. 'Thank you. Nothing more ?' 'Not of importance,' said Jack, aa ho passed ou. ? ' Now I'll bet a crown Blake told him a good deal more,' said Hyam.' ' Well, never mind, my friend, I don't -want you to split on a pal, ovon if ho is dead. But I muat have a look round Master Blake's lodgings. Oh dear yes. He may have left a will be hind him, or something of that sort. I never saw such a sight in my life, aa that ride on Red Dick. I'm used to a good many strange things, but that fairly made my blood curdle. Law, how that horse did gallop. He might have thought the devil was after him. Hanged if I don't think' ho did. Wonder what Blake saw behind him. Old Potter's ghoat, perhaps. Whew I What if that little beggar strangled old Reuben after, all. He could have done it ?when the old boy was asleep. But why did he do it ? Yes, I really must investigate Blake's be longings. I'll pay a visit aa a friend of the family. What a pity he's dead, and just when I fancied I'd got such a lovely case on. Why will men die in this fashion. If I'd only known. Blest if I wouldn't have arrested him on speo last night, and saved his life — at least for a time.'' Detective Hyam at once left the course, and mado for Blake's lodgings. He knew whero he lived well, for he had watched him homo on more than one occasion. He knocked at the door, and explained his mission to the horrified landlady. ' Poor dear lad. Such a quiet, well be haved ono, too. Never gave the slightest trouble,' and ehe dropped a silent tear Not many wero shed for Toddy Blake. 'Ah, he was a good fellow,' said Hyam. ' We never know a man's real worth until he's gone. Might I see his room. He may have left some papers of importance there.' , . ' Certainly,' said the good woman, a3 she showed Hyam into Blake's room. 'Thanks,' he said. ' I'll just see hia things ave all right, and will sond for them to-morrow. It will be as well to let his parents have them.'' When the woman left, Hyam had a look round. . He tried Blako's box and found it locked. 'I must open you,' ho thought. He took out a bunch of keys, and soon found one to fit. Ho opened the box and turned the things over. ' Ah, what's this ?' ho said, as he took up tho paper lilako had been writing on the night before. ' I'll have a read at this, it looks interesting.' He opened the package, and when ho saw tho first few linos gave a start of surprise, and then settled himself down to read the document through. (to be continued.) 