BISHOP BARLOW. Tvc,rTRATION OF THE BISHOP OF CUSWORTH QUEENSLAND. swim Jones's S.M. Herald.) The service in connection with the consent t ! of Barlow as Bishop of Northern son Lmi took place on Saturday morning at T(Cas 10 in St Andrew s Cathedral There h" J Tlarw congregation The ceremony was *Mj.e?bv the Primate who was assisted by Antr (of Grafton and Armidale), D i instanter (Bishop of Newcastle who at? his clerk were also present Dean A deacons King and 6 hither S' Keam 3 Moreton, Hulton King and S T Be s H H Farrington S Simm. Mining benham, Tress, Hornby,. Spear, of "lave Madgowick Dixon, Langley, Charl ?argrtlrnSev Yarnold, Baber Beck Bartlett, loach S Woods. Smith, Arcl.dallPam, Mot BosThillworth, Woodworth, Hams Bovie Dr Corlette, the Precentor the A A and the Chancellor of the Diocese (Mr Gregory) Walker) The first lesson was read tfJ Bishop of Newcastle, and the second lesson by the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale X! father was God so loved the world 2 The Bishop of Newcastle proached the sermon taking as his text Acts 2... 2 Andrew to) ministered to the Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said -Separate me Barnabas and Saul for the work whereunto I have called them Referring to the custom of sending to EnglM<l'°r clergymen, he asked how it was not the Church had so miserably failed to touch the hearts of the young men of Australia as regarded joining the ministry Why had they to send 12,000 miles away for arson for the ministry? The Church in Australia should wake up and put a downright enthusiasm for religion into the people and make an end to marry little questions, addressing themselves resolutely to the work of God When the the spirit was in the Church in Australia, it would be in the ministry as it had been in the civil life when the cry came that young men were needed for a campaign in the East On that occasion some of Australia 's best and most athletic Souths put on their uniform to go to the Soudan, and so in the ministry of our lord there would be an uprising amongst our young men which would make the Church independent In separating one who had been ordained in Australia he thought they were taking a wise and expedient step He believed that the time had come when in the older dioceses at any rate, they could surely choose out of a thousand clergymen one or more sufficiently gifted to fill an episcopal chair This was from no disloyalty to the mother Church, nor from any desire to detach themselves from her sweet, generous, and kindly treatment, but for the sake of the Church itself On that occasion they had selected a clergyman who had been ordained in the colony to take the government of the distant diocese of Northern Queensland Con eluding he said addressing the Bishop elect ' and what can I say to you, my dear, brother? Is it not the culmination of your work in the Northern diocese? I have no advice to give you for have we not for nine years been working together like brothers, sharing our work, jury ing over our difficulties and thinking what could be done best for God's work up there I cannotadusojou \ouknoivitall Continue only in the work that in the years past you have kincarrvmgon and you will vindicate and ju till that act which we are performing to day, and will prove to the Church in Australia that the s j nod was right in having chosen you, and that we are right in separating you after prayer in apostolic order, for the work where 1 his son have been called The Lord be with you prosper you make full proof of your ministry and direct you as you go in and out a i g the people. The Lord be with you " After morning prayer, the service for the consecration of a Bishop was gone through the inmate assisted by the other Bishops, official time The mandate for the consecration was read by the chancellor of the diocese, Mr Gregory) Walker after which the Bishop elect took the oath of obedience The consecration ended with the laying on of hands by the Primate and the assisting Bishops, and the presentation to the now Bishop of a copy of the Bible At the conclusion of the consecration service the Primate with the newly consecrated Bishop and others, proceeded with the Com- human service and partook of the Sacrament The offertory was devoted to the North Queensland Clergy Mission Fund THE BRITISH LABOUR COMMISSION (to widen Echo, Sith Mvj) What It We i IsQcinE Into The preliminary arrangements for the actual work of the Royal Commission on Labour have not for the most part been completed Those arrangements are summed up in the report of t! e I Procedure Committee as adopted by the commission This report is the syllabus of operations for the commission The commis- f on with the view of expediting the inquiry, has been dm It into three sections each section will in the words of the Procedure Committee ' institute an inquiry into the facts concerning the condition of certain groups of tal a leaving questions of principle to be or it 1 by the commission as a whole " The Flowing division of trades-a provisional and non exhausts e one-has been adopted for the fine sections One section is to deal with the land" from engineering, hardware, ship 1 i d ng and cognate trades another section and train! or an 1 agriculture the form trans lost including shipping canals docks, rail way and tramway section third with textile clothing clerical building and miscellaneous had 5 on emily the first section is designated toup\ the second Group B and the third Group C tot Group V Mr David Dale has been appointed chairman Of Group B the chairman of" i rlctDcrb> Mr Mundella will pre j, out Group C As chairman of the corn is in the Mar pus of Hartington is ex office a me liber of all the sections or, as it seems here is a preference for calling the the I reef in "WUm" ""> 116"" of a'' sale ""in person the commission to attend meetings of iîàm,n.»S.e<!llona and t0«««"no and cross examine witnesses The ProoiusiMr of Test at the commission has adopted the red into""-3Unlmarj of the subjects to be for mrraiisCEs between air-liners 4d Tp,r"Ca",'-4 wages (l) How (boys; ,vc?louJ"ted W Dy Piecework, 1 in J \ntCCi J? emP'°W or by sub con P d A' Cck fortnightly of at other t area of Mw"*.*1 b? bones or Lahood b) 21 i e lands ' told Cr Payment in kind, (A) J on of wL of ? allowances M riuctuV I o" "1 U7P)C> <?> "is brought about (b) Ihr n,, 'c (5) Defences of wages in it It n even at" " "its area 'writes (a) Exis has ( i " (Pensions (b) deferred I! ance out ,""uriu>eo (I) accident in I nncu,'î,Not,,cer,'lulred«o' was termine Is-'" co"?,, rolls B Hours of labour t s of IT 0,,í'nplo»ment -(1) Normal li- K a close A ' ,?"î",lnc. and bow real estate, illegal'' shirts "and how are still here farms' section work, or fated ' The parish, employment O Sands Drafts or da hoW T"«0* d P ,or £11 mated. w V W 2nd Week 8 work sun rises L C Sab<livision, distribu a.. rat sale'! of work is between 'J whether h»l,\',lual8' men women. or whom. "teLhAU,i«««w "Of factories, v shows "JJ. governor not factories, "Production of m , D APP"-«n"«»h.p3 E . . - -son of machinery p Supply and machinery and materials of pro ?" V LSa,ety of employment 'was lighting sanitation, and c namely" 5 places H Discharge for "non0un,oan^eui»°" I Masai stop-work ? agents" "" Use -a- TTm I s"mDa1|t,,reig,¡<¡'? L Obnoxious oQlc ads a rVwmwth«w strike, N Other causes of i M.?cWTrS*"eST , TW AND as of the T" associations or combine [ »! employers or of employed, whether permanent in character or temporary, occasional, or for special dispute purposes, their trade rules, benefits, and policy. B. Strikes and lockouts. Pickering, black listing, and other methods of influencing persons con- cerned,'ornot directly concerned, in the dispute. C. Importation of new or foreign labour, whether under contract or otherwise. 8\. Tirent Costs. Economic result of strikes and lockouts to workers, to employers, and to the community at large. 4, TnEia Pbevextion ob Settlement. -A. Conciliation by joint committees or otherwise. B. Mediation. C. Arbitration, voluntary or compulsory. D. Sliding scales. E. Profit-sharing F. Industrial partnerships. G. Co- operation. A schedule of questions founded upon this syllabus has been prepared, and will be issued to employers' unions, the unions of employees, and generally among those who may be able to supply information on the labour question. 