THE MOE MINE. THE RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS INTERVIEWED. Mil. SPEIGHT SPEAKS OUT. THE DILI VERS DISLiivE MOE COAL. The chief development in affairs siucc our last issue in connection with the closing of the Moo mine is the interview between a deputation of residents of the township of Coalville and the Railway Commissioners, winch toot: place on Friday. Mr. A. C. Groom M.L.A., introduced the deputation and said that Coalville was entirely dependent for its support 011 the coal mines, and that their stoppage had resulted iu throwing about SO men out of employment. Most of these men had families, so that the closing of the mines affected about 300 or 400 people. Great distress would therefore be caused. Mr. Speight. — We have not done it Mr. Groom. — No, I don't say you have. But the deputation has come with the view of laying the exact state of affairs before the commissioners, and in the hope of having something done so that the mines might resume work. They understood that the commissioners looked at this question in a purely commercial light, fj.'hey, however, thought the coal industry should be protected, and the oUc.-ji in:; Was should it be nrotcetcd or not? Mr. Speight. — That is not for us to do. Mr. Groom. — No doubt the commis sioners Would consult with the Minister of Railways on this matter, and the deputa tion iherei'ore wished to lay the facts before iho commissioners. Mr. ISpoigiit said the department gave 15s 74. a ton for the coal at the pit's mouth, and it was not worth any more, -bud iu rcaliiy it was not worth as much j as that. When the recent coal difficulty was on, the directors said they wanted more money for their coal, and increased ihe price by 10s. a ton, making it Z5s. The ouuiurissioliers paid that, aud another ills, was put on, which was also paid. The eummissionov.i told the directors who waited on tiieni that when the normal condition of things was restored the department would have to consider, its position 111 relation to the Aloe Coal Company. When that time arrived, and coal could be easily got, they wrote lo the company, slating thai they could not give more than 15s 7d. a ton for the coal, i'hc company replied, stating that the price was £i, and if the department would not pay thai the mine would be closed. I he closing <f the mine was therefore the action of the company, and not of the commi-Moac!';;. Mr. Groom. — The directors say that the value which you pm mi their coal was made -.-omc yean; ago, when : the coal was undoubtedly inferior to what it is at present. The directors complain Lhal although the coal is belter the price was not raised. M.r. bpeight. — "(Vc gave them Ids Id. to stall with, and after a while gave 2s (id in ore. Mr. Groom. — 'That is the statement which the mino-owneri make. Mr. ypaiglit. — Yes ; but it is not correct. It was to the interest ot the commissioners to see the local coal industry flourish, and so it was to see all our industries flourishing : but they had to look at this co.jj tdl lti UiCllLo 1 11 J U AUCfl LililL what they were saying was absolutely correct. Id r. Groom understood that the trials of the coal were made some four or five months ago Mr. Speight. — There have been, trials made, and the coal is from 25 to 40 per cent, inferior to Newcastle coal. Mr. Groom. — Would there be any objection to give the company the results of the trials? Mr. Speight. — I have given them the results, and lliey won't believe it. Mr. Groom. — They say the information has been kept back from iliein, and would like, if you can see your way clear, to have these trials published. Mr. Speight did not care to publish them for the simple reason that they were uiiftalisfacioiy. The company look up the position that there was a prejudice against their coal, but the commissioners had no prejudice in tlie matler. Tlie engine drivers complained that they could not keep time when they used ihe Moe coal. Nothing would please the commis sioners more than to get a supply of coal of a good quality locally at a reasonable price. The price the department had been paying was 15s 7d., and at one time the mine couhl not turn out more than could bo consumed at Warragul, which was only 24 miles from the miue ; but recently the output had been increased, and instead of all the coal being put down at Warragul, half of it, or more, was brought to Melbourne, and the depart ment had to bear the expense of bunging it down. This brought the price up to Ills, a toll, as against 17s Gd. for Newcastle coal delivered 111 Melbourne. He would like to know what tlie miners got per ion for winning the coal. Mr Wilson. — From 7s. Gd. to 10s. Gd. Mr Speight. — What would bo a fair average ? Mr Wilson. — About 8s. Gd. Mr Speight. — What dons it cost to put the coal in the truck ? Mr Wilson. — About 4s. a ton, and there were various other chaiges which K»r>iu.-Kf 1'K/i iMnrtn Mii trt "I/I - "I .1 i.-.v. CIJW »Vri VI JX IU IU), IU. >t tuil, Mr Speight pointed out that the Moe coal contained a great deal of elinlcer, and after the first thirty miles of a journey tlie fire-boxes of the locomotives became choked up, and the drivers had great difficult 3- with it ; iu fact, the drivers would not use the coal at all if tliey get a ghost of a show of avoiding it. The com missioners could not pay more for the coal than 15s. 7d. a toil. Air Groom thanked the commissioners for having received (he deputation, and stated that they had now heard the de partment's view iu the matter. 