RELIGIOUS. LAUNCESTON TABERNACLE. At the service last evening Pastor Clarke based his remarks on the last message written by Rev. C. II. Spurgeon, of the Metropolitan Tabernacle, of London, en titled "The greatest fight in the world." Mr Clarke prefaced his remarks by telling of the annual week of prayer which all the students frotuthe Pastors' College attended from all the United Kingdom, and lovingly referred to the tender message which the president had for them on those occasions. The message was based on 1 Tim. vi., 12 "Fight the good fight of faith," etc., which Mr Clarke said was, of course, to God's people. The first point was that we had an armoury, and had to fight. The speaker aniumadverted on the society just formed in London, the members of which pledged themselves to live a moral life, without any reference to religion, the Bible, or Jesse Christ, and he said he trusted all of God's people would be kept close to Jesus, and loyal. buckling on the armour and fighting for the right. He referred to the tendency now-a-days to depart from the old doctrine and to think lightly of the Bible. Speak. ing of the armour, Pastor Clarke said we needed nothin' but what God had pro. vided in the Bible, and it' was an armour that had been well tried, and stood every test. Although men were tryine to prove that something else was needed, that armour was all that was needed for the salvation of the sinner and the security of the saint. It had been tested by people in sickness or poverty, in affliction and death, but had always been proved to be all that was necessary. He thought the reason for our declension in these days in contrast to the sturdy lives of our forefathers was bo cause we did not know so much of the Book as they did. He spoke of the need of revival of Christian life in the churches, and said although the populations were increasing, and graveyards were fast filling up, yet people were not getting saved at the same rate, and he earnestly urged his hearers to be out and out for Christ, and endeavour to advance the cause of Christ. While doing all we could for our own land, we must not forget the regions beyond. and he trusted the mission. ary spirit would grow and spread. In con cluding the speaker said all our strength must be derived from the Holy Ghost above, and that all the organizations a church i might have, or however good a minister, would be of no avail unless backed up by the power of the Holy Spirit. We must also be earnest if blessing was expected. A special prayer meeting was held afterwards to ask God to bless Mr Spurgeon if still alive, and to be with the family isi their trying hour, Our latest London cablegrata states that on 0 Saturday afternoon Mr Spurgeon was sinking from exhaustion of the brain, and that continuous prayer for his restoration to health was being offered up in the 'sbernacle. 