Wxt (fontribrttqr. UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE [By The Membke foe Saltbush.] Is it anything more than a mere coincidence which put the Kaekara Fencing- Bill on the notice paper immediately before the second reading of the Laud Repurchase Bill ? When Mr. O'Loughlin in educed the resolution in favor of constru,-. . . « f?m*- from Morgan to the Coekburn railway 1— ?» 1'remier vigorously opposed the suggestion, and in hi3 accustomed stentorian tones stigmatised the proposed pro tection as ' absolutely useless.' while he con ?fidentlv affirmed that the cash spent over it) would be a shameless waste of public ? money. But a majority of the House wanted the fence and so a doeila Govern ment obediently brought in a measure to facilitate its construction. The now fa:ii'v-in policy for bursting up large estates was evolved ? from the Ministerial mind by a sumawhut | ; similar process, and it is fitting therefore th it 'the first step' should be made over this much-abused fence. It is somewhat peculiar that about the only member of the Assembly who raises his voice against the principle of local option is a stricS teetotaller. To hear Mr. Ash speak concerning the various restrictive provisions of the Licensed ; Victuallers Bill one would imagine that he ; could suffer no greater deprivation than the loss of faculties; to obtain wine, .whisky, beer, j ? and other intoxicants. As a matter of fact j he has not aggregated one bottle of any malt | or spirituous beverage during the last decade, i He is saturated with a desire to protect tho ; interest of piinorities, but as Mr. Giles jjointed ' out, if he carried this principle to its legitimate : issue he would decline longer to disfrauchi.se that little band of electors in Albert who object to his presence in Parliament. Perhaps, how ever, he is of opinion that all the voters in that ' district who do not believe in him are. ade quately represented by his colleague, who on most matters, whether of policy or administra tion, takes a diametrically opposite position. It is sad but true that both tho outside ; public and the members of the Assembly evince far more interest in tho dismission ol this same Licensed Victuallers Bill than thoy do in federation. When the heavy artilWy of the House is turned against thu opponents or supporters of the projwsed Coininonwoaltli, though the reports are loud and much ammuni tion is expended, the t'll'oct :u-.hit-vi d is small, for there :ir.i M-ry few .soldiers --t oithor army present to be hit. The president of 'the united publiiuns ami tlm chief rulers of the total alistiiienee party are usually iu the galleries to umvD operations in connection with the other measure- Sir .lohn Br.ty locals tho forces in favor of tho i-il!, and he is attacked on tho right flank by the hotelkoopi-rs' regiment) under General'SL-herk and on the left Hank by the teetotallers' tiooiis directed by FieW Marshal Holder. When the nstuto Chief Secretary adroitly whips his ranks out of tho way his opponents, united in nothing but; their antagonism, fly furiously nt mutual throats and the diversion is distinctly interesting. Pro bably if Sir Henry I'arkes, now the labor party in New South' Wales have got tired of him. could spare time to p.itrouisp tho Speaker's gallery on federation days, and if the ghost of Sir '.John Hobertson could also bo present in a materialised form, some exeite nient might be in.jtorted into the debate on tho . Commonwealth Bill. At first it appeared as if there would be a dead level of uniformity 'save for the disaffection of Dr. Coekburn and Mr. Landseer ; but now Mr. Kingston has deserted from the federal party there seems a cliance of bright interchanges of oratorical skill in tho discussion of the measure. Mr. Grainger, who has never allowed the Playford Ministry to stagnate for lack of stirring up, has been especially busy lately. His pet aversions seem ro be the Attorney General and the Premier, aud he has invari ably got a little interjection ready when either of them is speaking. Mr. Houiburg last week ventured to assert that the action in respect to the Post-Office land had been taken solely on his advice. 'Then no wonder you got fnto a mess !:: was the polite rejoinder of the giant from Wallaroo. Something equally : pleasant usually awaits Mr. Playford, whose ; many lapses of memory give effective openings ! to one who is not accustomed to acknowledge : conventional constraint. Last week pro- j duced the second no-confidence motion ! set down iu the name of Mr. Grainger j during this session, but the harmlessness ! of his intentions was quickly made apparent j on both occasions, for directly the Ministry i showed a disposition to take things seriously ! their assailant climbed down from his tree anl j virtur;:-y cried — 'Oh, I'm sorry Ispjke.' Mr. . Graiuger has the brains of a man combined - Xfhh the manners of a baby, and it would be as ? cruel to hold him responsible for his actions as ! it would be to whip a. two-year-old cnua tor j plucking flowers in its father's garden. Some- i thing blight is within reach, and the hand ? goes cut to pluek it before the niiiid has had ] time to consider the consequences. When j parentsareimpatientlittleehildreii arethrashed , ajid wLeu cjrcumstai.c-esave peculiarly irritating some, pioruiiitnt politician adaiiuistexs a dress ing down to ^Ir. Graissger. But as a rule tlia | source is coiisidered, and the offence passes at the worst with a frown and shake of the finger, while ordinarily it is matter for a dying tir.ile. If he, and a iuw others, were not so j impetuous, tli« Opposition, which at present is a monument of the iil-elfects of lack of leader ship and control, would have ?» chance of con solidating itself. Mr. Grainger was good enough to hurl a random accusation against Mr. Moule of acting in the interests of the Government by intro ducing the progressive wealth tax. ' It looked like it,' hesaid. Those gentlemen who know Mr. Grainger least are saying that his continual and purposeless attacks look like col lusion with the Ministry, for whom they win sympathy. It is certainly a peculiar system of co-operation which seeks to wipe away all the Treasurer's financial proposals with a view of substituting something entirely different, and yet that is the feat which Mr. Moule is anxious to perform. jSV) one can accuse the Playford party of the possession of a super abundance of dignity, but even they are not likely to go in for collusion of that sort. It is an extraordinary coincidence that all the five non-official lawyers of the As sembly have, within the last week or two, been incapacitated from attending in their places in Parliament. The seductions of Synod tore Mr. Henry Downer away from the Agricultural Holdings Bill, which lie was wont to attack as a hungry dog fastens on a derelict shoulder of mutton. Influenza, which is no respecter of persons, smote down Mr. Stock, Mr. Kingston, and Sir John Downer. Sciatica came hi to claim the attention of Mr. Dashwood. The Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General were the ouly legal legis lators with any fight left in them, and as Mr. Bartlett has been very, very quiet of late weeks a holy peace settled over the debates in the Assembly, its refreshing calmness being ruffled only by the senior member for vVallaroo, who is apparently anxious to make up for the reticence of his colleague. 'When is that Conciliation Hall to begin ? It would be a graceful compliment to ask Mr. Pater to lay the foundation-stone, while Sir John Downer might be requested to affix the pinnacle on its topmost tower. It would be rather a good idea to experiment on Parlia ment before a larger scheme is authorised. One wing might be erected for the Ministry, one for the Opposition, and a chamber in the centre where the public, gazing on the unani mity of politicians, might have reason to echo the sentiment ' How good and how pleasant a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in uii '. ty. ' It would certainly conduce to the dignity of the Legislature if the wranglings, disputa tions and divisions were reserved for the private caucus, and if in public each side showed a firm and one-minded front. The official re port under such circumstances would be a record of much valuable work and little ex traneous talk instead of being as at present a budget of much discursive debate surrounding and almost smothering isolated acts of useful ness. Messrs. Hague and Hooper are standing examples of the respect and esteem which may be won by discreet silence preserved as the result of discretion, and not because of incom peteney. Both gentlemen can speak well aud concisely, both are regular and constant m their attendance, and both give earnest heed to ail utterances of importance which are made in their hearing. Yet neither is perpetually anxious to catch the Sj-eakerre eye for the sake of pouring dreary platitudes, wearisonie com monplaces, or thrice-uttered information tiro the droopingeais of a languid Assembly. Ev -a constituents are apt to grow sick of reading r.he condensed reports of the dL.courtft1; coutiibu-si by the garrulous Parliamentarian, while lu brother-members make no pretence of a\ib- milting to his boredom. _ j I was passing along the corridor the other day, and when opposite the Ministerial room I was arrested by a sound which I at first thought was made by someone in pain. However, on listening a moment longer I found that instead of being a signal of suffering it was one of pleasure, for the inmate of the roam was sing- : ing an air which I immediately recognised as being from 'The Gondoliers.' Which of the Ministers it was is difficult to say. The voice was too light for the Treasurer, too chirpy for j the Attorney -General. If the Chief Secretary i sings at all I should say hLs was the voice, but then I must have been mistaken. j I stopped and listened, because the words didn't sound fami- ; liar, so I took out my notebook, with the fol- . lowing result : — ; Hiding towmvarri? ii: the morning ! To our o'ii.'C we repiii', i Ar.fi :t:i :;:;-.? iiiflKienls scornmi ! I Si---.ii :.i o-M-r- i-iifl aehair, ; / ? i( f.l.' -1 ;. V. !l liOMl -U'U'.' \--;; ! :.?.:?.-:? ?'?. of !.!;--« iv. ; : i!s1 v.-e op.-i. i:;; .-oiuc liMtPl'i i : ;,. .! ..-rtr.al It utlils. whose ft'UfP? \ ..:o'.,::ii o::i- r;i.vks scc-m U^ikttir ei'iy day to Xi\i v.-- iiii --riif.v a stranger, j V. i.o is introduce! li»- Grainier, : Ami it tjkes us all our time to make him ;^o Tlii-ji :i -1-. i-.nt.it son visits us at ten \- -i: :i subjw t tliat we cannot leave to Ben, So we answer well consider it a ion, ; And thank our lucky stars when it lias gone. ; After t Ii.it we find we've got on ; ltalhpr shaky ground wifcn Cotton. ; V.V sjipioach him very Kcntly— he's a literary man ; So we write a lilt Jo minute, There is really nothing i' i- ; ; It's a little sop to labor which we offer when we can. ; Theu, we're rescued from the valors, B»- a visit from the papers. Thej're iii search of information, and we ve always lots on hand ; So we give it to them gaily, : For our one ambition daily Is to advertise our actions in the papers of the iaud. Oh, constituents may sing, Of the troubles that they brins, Bui we find our duties jolly, and our situation grand, For tho* other people slight ua, We have one thing to delight us. It's to advertise our actions in the papers of the land. When we've done our morning labors, We adjourn into a neighbor's. As politicians very ofteu do ; Wo anliripatc adopticn Ol our luiliy local option. Am! liilio time by the forelock with that. view. Then nr sloal around and find out if our whip llv cluuirr hus lei a yooi supporter slip, \--r we Kiv«- :i hint to Bartlett on the sly Hell !?»? oni- of us as Crown Lands by and bye. Thru «?? join iu modest joking WJt.li I ho members who are smoking, li'«:i little Limi nt tent ion that they never will forget, Ami \v,- tarmdiddlc slightly Whi-ii «-? answer Moule politely Thii! his Uv niMii i he wealthy is with us a second pel. Noxt, upon our benches sitting We avoid the members hitting; Wilh their pallrj little questions, that we ask them to postpone. And nlt.ho' wo never huff them Wo adroil.lv try to bluff them It s our boast., to answer questious straight we never jot wore known. Oh, const iliients may sinjr. Of the troubles that they bring, r.u- wo rather think them pleasant, and we never, nexer f*roan. For we're bound to live in story Ami ilio fact in which we glory Isour bo.i-t, to answer questions straight we uever jot were known. 