SOCIAL GOSSIP. SOCIAL GOSSIP FROM HOME. (From a London Correspondent.) LONDON, March 20. It is an undoubted fact that Kuglatul has become a pleasanter place to live in since and in consequence of the O'Sliea divorce case. It lias had the effect of killin;: politics lor the time ; and there are few people who do not i relish the relaxation of the mental strain J which results from cultivating politics at J high pressure. The Ifouse of Commons has j become a sort of debating society, where I abstract questions are discussed in order that each side may outbid the other in its pro fessions of devotion to the working man. It lias allowed itself, such is its decadence, to ! fall almost wholly under the guidance of' Pope-IIennessy. He is the guide, pliilosopher, J and friend of all parties, seldom making a j speech, and even when lie speaks avoiding party lines; but perpetually gliding from one) quarter of the Chamber to another, moderat ing opposition, suggesting compromise, guid ing the faltering steps of weak-kneed Ministers — a sort of universal button holer, big with schemes for the re generation and consolidation of the empire, and the reconciling of domes tic quarrels. In its present relish for frivolity, the House has allowed itself the indulgence of a long and lively debate upon a trumpery question arising out of a bill enabling the Midland Itailway to penetrutc St, John's Wood, Jtt was a battle royal between the level-headed men of all parties and the united foroes of the senti-■ mentalists, the sportsmen, and the faddists. To judge by the pother in the press for ^ days beforehand, the bill seemed likely to be kicked out of the ITouse by an over whelming majority. The lovers of cricket were up in arms, because the scheme involved a possible absorption of Lord's Cricket ground in the dim future, and the present soiling by coal-dust of all the feminine toilettes which grace the great matches of the season. Then the artists were up in arms, for they declared that their skill would leave them if a railway terminus were erected anywhere in their vicinity. To these were allied the faddists, to whom the word "open space" is a word of sacred incanta tion. 13ut it was of another class of which the House and the world at large was think ing—the ladies of beauty, who according to accepted tradition were supposed to occupy the well-concealed villas with which the um brageous neighbourhood is thickly studded. St. John's Wood is an anomaly and a "sur vival " amongst London districts. It is so close to town that it is matter of wonder why its owners have not long ago transformed its character, and covered it with the ordinary treeless streets and rows of houses character istic of Central London. Probably it is to its evil fame that it owes the retention of its rusticity. The words "St. John's Wood" are sufficient to raise a snigger in every ill-regu lated mind, but, as in many another case, the word no longer corresponds to the fact. For years past the virtuous have been silently evicting the vicious. The reason for the silence of the ladies of doubtful character under the threatened invasion of the neigh bourhood is explained by the fact that they are phantoms of the jocular and journalistic mind. Many a humble clerk or business man has been enjoying the delights of a rns in tube at a ridiculously moderate rent simply because the world has taken it for granted that his home and those of his equally virtuous neighbours were haunts of irreconcilable vice. That the House of Commons shared the popular delusion about St. John's Wood was apparent as the debate went on. Every allusion to the character of the neighbourhood and its open spaces was received with titters, or, if the supposed joke appeared to go too far, with indignant ex «ni. „l, " nr_ r „i clumations ot " Oil, oh." Mr. Laboucliere was so hooted at one point that he abandoned his attack on the ladies and addressed him self to the congenial task of reviling the artists lor their sensitiveness and pre tensions, and there the House was, of course, with him. In the division the lovers of sport went almost solid against the bill, which, however, was carried by a two to one majority. The only sportsman who was false to the cause was Jim Lowther, a matter of some surprise to those who were not inti mate with h'nn. but the fact is that he is singularly narrow in his sporting sympathies. Like all the Lowthers, there must be a horse J somewhere 011 the scene in order to excite his | interest in a sporting matter. I presume that Australians would view | witli resentment any attempt to interest them in the Ibsen controversy. You have | had a dose of Ibsen in its most diluted form, and administered by the charming hand of Miss Janet Aehurch, and you have violently rejected the potion. Here the craze has been revived in an offensive form—two of the chief priests of the cult seeking to attract attention to their show by the well-worn device of engaging in a bogus quarrel with one another. They have found an Anglo German gentleman of linancial spirit to engage a theatre for them, where worshippers are admitted without pay ment, but 011 the honourable understanding that they will contribute to the funds of the | society." Having thus, as they believe, freed themselves from the jurisdiction of the Lord j Chamberlain, the Ibsenites have already given a representation of the master's most gruesome work,Ghosts," and tiie rest of the dreadful series are promised. The chief priests of Ibsenism at the present moment are William Archer, the dramatic critic of the World; George liernard Shaw, its musical critic; the poet Gosse, Justin Huntley M'Carthy, Miss Kennard, the original Kangaroo Girl of "Dr. bill Lady Colin Campbell, George Moore, " the English Zolaand the editor of the j I'aJl Mall Gazette. They make a nice crowd | altogether. We are threatened with second " Independent Theatre" besides \ that which is dedicated to Ibsen. It is pro- j jocteil by Mr. Justin Huntley M'Carthy and a Mr. Coinaghi, and is designed for full-dress Sunday evening plays by the best profes sionals in London! I sincerely hope that the scheme will be throttled by the Sabbatarians before it conies to life, because it is an affair involving a subscription, which is always a thing to be avoided in this world. The County Council elections, which take place ahout seven months hence, are begin-! ning to engage some amount of attention' among political wire-pullers in the metro-! polis. I hear from men of all sides that the Kadical party in the council lias 110 prospect whatever of coming back in anything like its present strength, and that it may be actually in a minority. This is not due to its j radicalism or its enhancement of the rates. If titer*: is a reaction it will be entirely due to the leven of " Macdougallisut" in the present council, which culminated in the affair of "Zero's hack"—an affair which engages more of the thoughts of, and arouses a keener indig nation in, the average " low-toned " Londoner than any other matter occurring at home or abroad. When the license of the Aquarium j was last under review before the council, some MacdougalUtes circulated an anonymous leaflet alleging that | Zero's back was covered with sores due to | the laceration of Iter liesli by Iter nightly I tumble into the net. This allegation was denied, and the license was renewed 011 terms already known. Koine months after- j wards, Captain Molesworth, the very pug nacious manager of the Aquarium, in a dis course upon the iniquities of the council which is a favourite exercise with all managers just now—made the extraordinary statement that two members of the council bad visited the Aquarium and insisted on examining the lady's back. The matter engaged the atten tion of an excited council, but it was im possible to extract from the captain the names of the ullcged elders who had toyed with this Susannah, and at first neither of them had the courage to avow his brief ex cursion into the primrose paths of the for bidden land, but at a subsequent meet ing a councillor named Thornton arose, and frankly confessed that he had had the egregious folly to visit the place in order to make personal inquiries, and, greatly to his own perturbation, had been shown the lady's back, although as a matter of fact he had kept his eyes downcast during the exposure. At first the confession made 110 great stir. The man's name being Thornton, it was assumed thut he must be a brewer and a "moderate," and that his visit was to be regarded as in the interests of the acrobatic profession. But in a day or two it became known that he was a " progressive," an cx-working man, and a leading chapel goer, and public indignation knew no bounds. In the meantime, by way of adding fuel to the conflagration, i£a?o herself had token the field in a stirring and nathetia: letter, declaring that her foster-mother had taken to her bed and died of the shame of her daughter's supposed exposure. The idea now possesses what may be called the Daily Telegraph mind, that the average "progres sive " county councillor is not only a monster of evil passions, but a hypocrite of unparalleled effrontery—better far the "ground- landlord" with all his tyrannical greed. Ife at all events was content with depleting our purses. He did not claim to exercise the droits de seitpieur over one's foster-daughter! Who the second county councillor was remains a mystery until this day. He has had the sense to hold bis peace. The great Clitheroe abduction case, of which your readers will avc heard from other sources, ended yesterday in the release of Mrs. Jackson from her husband's domestic restraint. The Lord Chancellor and the Master of the Rolls gave themselves a free hand in abusing the husband and throwing indirect contempt on the doctrines of marital authority—all which has made The Times very angry, the other papers generally taking the popular view that a wife is a human being and a British subject, ami ought not to be subject to perpetual incarceration at the will of her husband. The whole affair illus trates vividly the absolute ignorance of the great mass of Englishmen in relation to the leadingfacts affecting their own daily liveB and condition. Nearly every Frenchman "knows his code" sufficiently to have a general ideaot his own rights and responsibilities. But if an Englishman is not a practising lawyer it never occurs to him as possible that he can master even the most elementary maxims of law as affecting himself and his neighbours. I remember once going down to a police court to look aftera younggentleman who had been summoned for having mounted the box of a derelict cab and set the horse at a gallop—the indignant jarvey giving chase. The escapade happened at four in the morn ing, the delinquent being in evening dress, and having imbibed freely at a ball in Grosvenor-square. I found the ante-room ol the court filled with major- generals, rear admirals, peers, members of Parliament, and country gentlemen, who had all come to speak to the character of the accused, and were waiting to be called into court—where the case had been proceeding for about two minutes — when the door swung open and a professional wag came forth, with fictitious woe depicted on his countenance, and announced that the magistrate had inflicted a sentence of 20 years' penal servitude and a flogging of 50 lashes. A babel of indignation buret forth, and lasted a long time—not one of the dis tinguished crowd perceiving that the state ment was a palpable absurdity. This same credulity in matters of law made itself evi dent in the- Clitheroe case. Every public writer in the kingdom acquiesced, with a fatalistic apathy worthy of an Oriental mind, in the view that a wife was the liond-slave ol her husband. There she was, shut up in her husband's bouse at Blackburn, the county police present in force to prevent her family from releasing her, and there she must re main until she died or submitted. At last a letter appeared in one of the papers, signed suggesting that everyone concerned was in gross ignorance of the law, and that the lady's friends had only to apply for a habeas corpus in order to obtain her instant release. 'The hint was taken, but the first efforts were in vain. Mr. Justice Cave and Mr. Justice Jeune (the most submissive husband in England) waxed eloquent upon the unlimited authority of a husband, found ing themselves on the old judgments which lay it down that a husband may not only restrain his wife, but beat her with a stick so long as it is no thicker than his little finger, and also on a comparatively modern judgment of Mr. Justice Coleridge, who was a ferient High Churchman and saturated with the ecclesiastical view on this and other matters. However, in two days the Court of Appeal reversed the judgment of the Court below, and the lady was restored to liberty. The odd thing about the whole affair is that in Lancashire not only the police, but the mob, are on the side of the Bluebeard hus band. The London correspondent, who supplies us with " Colonial Topics," gives the finding of the Appeal Court in these words:— Lord Eshcr considered that Mrs. Jackson had been seized and confined under circum stances of the grossest insult, and that her hus band's conduct had been brutal. Even after he had conveyed herto his house his first act was to tear off her bonnet and throw it on the fire. Though it was said the lady had " the run ol the house," it was clear she was in confine ment, ami the nurse who attended, and friends of Mr. Jackson, who were as guests in the house, were really there as restraints on | her freedom. These expressions of opinion in flic course of argument prepared Mr Jack son for the adverse decision that was in evitable. it was delivered in no ambiguous terms, and certainly it sweeps away some ol the primitive ideas which prevail as to the rights of man and the duties of woman. The Court have laid it down that, whatever the phrase "restitution of conjugal rights" may mean, it does not mean that a man can com pel his wife to live with him, " There is no power by law such as the husband professed to exercise," said the Lord Chancellor. " The law does not entitle a man to keen his wife in confinement," said the Master of the Rolls. " As to the right to capture a wife," said Lord Justice l'ry, " there was not a ragof authority for it;" nor for the right to confine her in definitely at the husband's will. If she chooses to go, go she may and must. He can not stop her by force, or by locking the door. The result of this almost unqualified decision in favour of women's rights was that Mrs. Jackson left the court in the company of her sisters, and with full authority to reside' where she liked, the husband receiving the significant warning that any further inter ference with her would be regarded as a gross contempt of court. 