mthermfs cmMLj Chapter XII. THE ritODlGA'L's RETURN. ' You couldn't hide it from me, he repeated. His thin, sinewy fingers tightened on the lapel of George Kavanagh's coat. 'Come back with me to the house,' said Hoell Brinnilow, eagerly. ' Come back and povtake of fatted veal, yon Prodigal Returned ! ' ? ' I doubt if I should have much appetite for that kind of fare,' George liavanaga responded. ' Besides, why should I go back? .There are strange faces, new voices up at tlie old house. Far too new, far too strange for me.' ' Come back,' said the cripple, deter minedly, not loosening liis grasp upon the Prodigal's breast. ' You shall come back, if 1 have to carry you ; you shall come back, if I have to shriek to the gamekeeper for help, or the gardener — lie's not far off— and have you dragged to the house as a suspicious character found loitering about with an eye to tho Family Plate.' 'Come,' returned the other, 'I won't drive you. to any desperate ex pedient. I'll go back with you. But in the face of such changes as I shall find up there' — he pointed to the house — ' I'd as soon not. You understand. Do you wonder that I am so ignorant of -i ^-tilings that have happened in myabsence ? I tell you, I haven't seen, a familiar face, . I haven't heard a familiar voice, I haven't ' communicated with a creature in whose ? veins runs the same blood as mine, since I went away. Sixdaysago the steamer that brought me from St. Petersburg landed me at Hull.' He hesitated a moment, and then went on : 'I hardly know why I eame: Something seemed to be driving me. I wanted to look at the old place again ; I wanted to be feeling the old ground uncler my feet as well as seeing it with it with my eyes. I'm a good walker — I made up my mirid to tramp every mile of the way. It was ? night when I got into Hull — dark and ? raining. I went to an inn for the night.' He pulled 'out the yellow silk handker-' ' chief and wiped his forehead, repeatiug, I went to the inn for the night. I :: spent a wretched night — a horrible night — -at the inn ! ' Mr. Hoell Brinnilow's countenance expressed a conventional concern at this ? piece of information. Mr. Hoell Brin nilow's agile mind jumped at the con clusion that Mr. George Kavajiagh's ?reputation for eccentricity covered the real fact of Mr. George Kavanagh's ? being a little mad. -? 'Really!' he ejaculated, with the ?most delicate inflection of sympathy. ' A devil of a night!' affirmed Mr. George Kavanagh, halting a moment to strike his stick upon the ground with tlie gesture that seemed habitual to him. His next words were in the form of-a question, irrelevant in itself, and which he abruptly addressed to his companion without looking him in the face. 'Tell me,' he broke out, 'are yon superstitious, Mr. .Hoell Brinnilow 1 Do you believe in v warnings ! Have you any faith in Presentiments? Does that strange . faculty which the Scotch call Second Sight appeal to your sense of the ridicu lous, or your sense of all that is most mysterious and inexplicable in the great world men live in, and the little i :? world in which Man dwells ? ' ? ' ' Am I supeptititous ?' ' repeated Mr. Hoell Brinnilow. 'My dear sir, upon that point I am as great a humbug as my neighbors. When charitable ladies call upon me and . solicit subscriptions to the Missionary Funds, I contribute my half- guinea at once, for two reasons. Reason number One — That I labor under the hereditary weakness of never boing able to say No to.a member of the sex feminine. Reason number Two — That having relieved my njahogany-oolored brother of tenandsix ??'. 'pennyworth of Fetishism, Tabooishness, ? Poojali- worship or Jossery, I may go on ; bowing to the new mood, picking up cast horseshoes for luck ; throwing spilt salt over my shoulder ; expectorating when I ; moot a squinting fellow-creature ; shud dering when anyone brings peacock's feathers into my house; and hugging my own barbarous little weaknesses in my own uncivilised little way, in common with tho rest of my neighbors.' ' You asknowledge yourself to be superstitious,' the other went on, reso : lutely ignoring the sly humor in Hoell Brinilow's tone. 'Come, you haven't ? answered tho other part of the question. Do you believe in Presentiments?' ' The Present Age,' Hoell Brinnilow went on, persistently maintaining, his resolution of dealing with the subject only from the whimsical point of view, ' while just as barbarous, as credulous' and gross as any of tho Ages, Gold, Silver, Brass, Iron, Pinchbeck, that havo bubbled themselves away in the universal melting pot of Time, is also an age in which scientific humbug nourishes like tho proverbial green bay-tree. The children of our nurseries are not children — not oven embryo men ancl women — but natural philosophers on a small scalc. Whon I was a child, I believed that a person, who shall bo nameless, but who is usually represented, with horns — in the closing scenes of our national tragedy of Punch and Judy, disguised as a talking Anaconda, climbed up a sour appletree in the Garden of Eden, and cajoled our universal Mother, with an nnripo pippin, into rendering mankind at Jargo .liable for ever alter to the un pleasant contingency of dissolution, and subject to tho stringent necessity of sar torial embellishments. Tell a youngster of to-day that story and see what he would say to you lie didn't learn his ABC out of Mavor's spelling book, as you and I did. He picked it out of the introduction to tlie Youth's Easy Primer to the Nothingness of everything, or the first chapters of a work on the Theory of Evolution. He never heard any fables about gardens or serpents, or early parents in a state of innocence. He proudly points to the Protoplasm as the ?Primeval Progenitor of poor Humanity, and openly sneers at me for calling a jfliost a ghost and not an optical delu sion. {To be continued.) 