UNDER THE verandah; Metternicb's motto, aprls moi Ic deluge, would ecem to elucidate Mr. Gillies's principle of action during his occupancy of the Treasury, and Iris vivacious treatment of tho Stato coffers has left an awkward job for his successor to tackle. Not content with using up every available penny that rolled into his haniia tlurine vennt nf ereen tional prosperity, Mr. Gillies went further and hypothecated tho publio cstato at a fancy value. The result is that the property cannot be sold, while ihe outlay sanctioned by Parliament in view of the proposed sale remains a burden an his successor. . Spending money beforo we get it is proverbially a risky game. Reluctant as he may be to toe the serateh, I fanoy the present Treasurer will find it necessary to jiroposo fresh taxation in some direction or other. It will he comical if the leader of tho teetotallers should find Ills salvation in beer, after all, and make up the deficit by increasing the duty and putting an excise on this popular hovorage. , Mr. Gardiner has suggested that he should , take toll of tho footballers, but the latter will pay thoir share if beer be levied on, or, as they would torm it, thoy will como in on the "drop"kick. Federation is as confusing to tho mind if taken in quantities' as Glenlivot. Tbo resolution Mr. Munr'o put ' before the Legislative Assembly set forth that the House "approves generally of tho draft of a bill," &o;,, and upon this Mr. MTntyromoved as an amendment that "suoh approval . . . . is to be moroly regarded as a general approval of such draft bill in the light," tic. That is shading off tho thing very fino indeed, when you como to require » "general" approval in a " particular " light Mr. M'Intyro'a obfuscation did not Btop here. The Convention arrived at an almost unanimous determination regarding tho best modo of federating for tho Australian colonies, and the Alctorian Premier proposes to conour in the Convention's project If the peoplo ore not opposed to this procedure there is nothing for them to do but to remain quiescent and voto "aye " when t ho question is put to them. But Mr. M'Intyro maintains that as no public meetings hare bcon held, and no steps of any kind takon to stop Mr. Munro's headlong career, therefore tho people are vahemontly antagonistic to it. There are no meetings, no petitions, no protests in tho press, and Mr. M'lntyre by somo oceult faculty discerns in this preternatural calmness adcop rooted dislike of the Australian Com monwealth Bill. More difficulty about points of precedence. The question now arising is — AVhero do members of Parliament como in ? In a State function aro thoy to ocoupy tho pride of place or to make a rush of it among the vulgar herd ? Mr. Sorvioe, Mr. Zeal and one or two others aro taking steps to havo this important matter set at rest. It is shout time, surely, wo had our own King-nt- Arms and College of Heraldry to take charge of these points of etiquctto, and arrange who. is and who is not entitled to march in advance of his fellows. Only, the unfortunate part about it is that we have lighted on suoli a topsy turvy, irrevorend period of tho world's history that there is no knowing but what the ICing-at-Arms himself might bo an official of tho Trades Hall and take all his heraldry from one of tho even ing papers. Besides, what satisfaction onn any aristocrat feel from elevating the Btatns of mom- hers of Parliament at a time whon miners, shearers and artisans aro hustling aside the "old nobility " and appearing in corduroys and wide awake bets at tho lioad of tho poll ? There is nothing liko putting people on a wrong scent if you wish to use up misdireoted energy. Lord Salisbury must havo laughed in his sleeve as he suggested to tho deputation from tho Imperial Federation League that boforo inviting colonial statesmen to meet them in conference in London they should formulate a definite soliomo to lay before them. The riohest part of the nflnlr is that tho lenguo acceptod the advioe in tho most bland and ohildliko mannor, and have appointed a committee to draw up a scheme for tho federation of tho Empire. 11 est trop difficile, Messieurs ; the Gordian knot is a triflo to it. The most astute politicians havo long given up even talking about it, and it is likely that tho present efforts will furnish yet another oxample of tho fact that fools rush in where angels foar to troad. Tho Empire is not likely to federate, but tho Imperial Leaguo is protty sure to disintegrate. A man must bo an invotorate advertiser who does not slacken bis efforts in tho preseuoe of death. Tho Beanoy will is a testament that should make tho shade of Barnnm feel more shady than ever, and cause tho ghost of Hol- loway to extinguish itself in ointment. There is a touch of genius in a man bequeathing £1000 to tho Loan and Chapter of Canterbury Cathe dral conditional on liis name being posted up in the aisle for all timo, and ordoriug that tho money shall bo kept from them if they declino to be bribod. Then all tho scholarships through out tho world aro to bo tioketed with tho distin guished cognomen, as also the institute for working men, where aro to bo onshrinod tho "modical diplomas, military decorations, illu minated addresses, certificates, licences, testi monials (including, I presume, thoso purolmscd and paid for by the deceased, though ostensibly given by grateful patients), gold models, together with orost, scrap book, two volumes of Men of the Time, a photograph of the testator in fancy dros9, his gold (over again) and silver medals, several portraits of himself in oils," &c.;, Ac. To what a pinnacle of self conceit a poor human oroaturc must attain before ho would venture to leavo a document of this sort to bo rcudovcr his mouldering corpse 1 Having a respect amounting almost to roverciica for art and artists, I sat down to read tho lecture dolivered by Frotossor Marshall Hall, all tho moro inclined to he gratified by it because I saw that somo critics wero poking fun at it, A gentleman competent to fill a "cliair of musio" is a portentous per- sonsgc in my cyaB, and I regard him afar olf as a neophyto might look upon the snprcme liicraroh of his faith. Still, tho line must be drawn somewhere, and wlicit I butted against tho following (sentonoes inTmy hero's oration I claimed tho privilege of drawing it and went no further Ho you gaze with awe and wondor into the starry heavens 1 In his great Mass in H Beethoven has laid the whole universe, aye I heaven and hell itself, before your astounded gaze. Is your step tho lighter that ono of earth's prizes bos fallen to your share ? In the last movomont of tho A Symphony by tho samo mighty hand, 'you' ftro borne on wings of joy. through the air, your very heart sings in the luxnrianco- of its laughtor. Is the struggle of lifo hard for you ? In the 'Pathetic Sonata' your might and fortitude are amplified, your tusslo with fate becomes worthy of a . Iioro, a . thousandfold redoubled strength is imparted to you. " Then I found myself profanely saying " bosh 1" and knew it was time to stop/ . One must bo patriotic enough to rejoice that any good result ean be traced to the luokicss Centennial Exhibition ; and it is doubtless pleasant to be told that the formation of 100 butter faotories in Victoria, with the £100,000 that has flowed as a rosult. from England into our farmers' pookots, may all bo attributed to tho exhibition of oream separators at tho show. Mcantimo it is oxasperating to be put on short commons ourselves, and to havo to look with auspioion .on ovory pat of butter placed on tho table, lestbuttoriuo, tho most hateful of greasy compounds, should havo been surreptitiously introduced. Until something is done to pro- teot us, as in America and England, where it oan only be produood and sold under striugont regulations, tlioro is no knowing what may happen. A dish of buttered toast, for instanoo, would act as au omotic if it was discovered that it owed its juiey richness, not to butter, but to tho euphonious but nausoouB ahemical product known as oleo-margarine. There will daubtloss be found people in the present day who will objeot that dogs are being mado altogether too muoh of, "not kept lit thoir plaoe," by the reoont notice in tiro .papers of a ceremonial in their lienor at tho Cirque dHivcr,' Paris. An Order of Honor for dogs bos Won instituted in France, and on tho abovo date 1 three canino heroes were decorated with "collars of honor" in tho presence of 4000 applauding spcotaters, by tho Sooiety for tho Protection of Animals for Saving Human Life. Theso crea tures, snperb specimens of tlieir kind, appeared to understand tho honor that was being con ferred upon them, and wagged their tails as they appeared on the platform, as if they fully entered into the syririt of tho ceremony. "Pip " had preserved his mastor from plunder and pos sible death ; "Bob " had rosoued a ohild during a fire, and " Tom " had pulled an old man out of a canal just in time to save him from drown ing. Times aro advanoing, for a couple of centuries ngo — the very heyday of tho good old times — it had. hardly dawned on men's minds that tho sufferings of brutes wero worthy of serious consideration. Thus the Rov. James Granger, the founder of tho sohool of Grangerites, caused great scandal in his ehureh by preaching and printing a sermon against cruelty to animals. His parishioners wore indignant, and it is recorded that the mention of horses and dogs was roBontcd aa a prostitution of tho dignity of tho pulpit, and was thought to be a proof of thoir parson's insanity 1 Dean Swift wont to tho other extremon. when he represented his nation of horses as utterly ashamed of tho bad habits of their human sub ordinates. Our sagacious Dofenoo Department knoWB very well what it is obout whon it prohibits its officers from taking prominent positions in the A. N. A Unthinking persons might supposo that no great harm would have rcsultod had Major Hoad bcon suffered to retain tho presidency of the Prahran branob, but theso good folks arc ignorant concerning tho rigor of military ethios. There are others than Major Hoad to be thought of, and I am credibly informed that tho D. D. had reason to beliovo that another officor was about to accept the leading position in a bowling elub, while yet a third was suspcotcd of hankering after tho post of teetotal templar in a temperance association. "Worst case of all, tlie D. D. was in receipt of private intelligence whioh loft no room for doubt hut that tho wife of a fourth officor was about to join the Austral Salon. This last intimation clinched the affair. If prcssuro was not brought to bear on Major Hoad to oauso him to surrondor the Prahran branch, there was no knowing where tho trouble would end. So the major was sacrificed, and who, now tho facts are disoloscd, oan blamo tho D. D. ? ATTIOUS. 