NOVELIST. \ [?] By E, GUUEISON JONI. CHAPTER XMXIT. — (Goxtinued\ The rain fell with a dismal sound iqnn the wet flag-stance, and the wines wg in a ghostly fashion amid the bare hrancms of the trees and around the grim toute overhead, bat Csseandra alighted without a Iremor. 1 " Wait for me here," she said to the driver! " I ehall not remain long." He settled himself in the carriage, with a lew inaudible murmurs cf complaint, and through the great atone entrance and np the slippery walk Lord St. Anbyn'a bride made her noiseless way. She reached the broad stone Bteps that led op to the heavy oaken door, and there she paneed and looked keenly about her. Very white waa her face, bnt in her eyes glittered a look of dauntleEB determination. What she same to do she would accomplish, no matter what the risk might be. She stood for a moment irresolute ce to what coarse to pursue — v nether to approach the front entrance and boldly demand ad mittance, or to wait nntil some sign of lite within presented itself. While sho stood thns the eosnd of chopping fell on her strained ear. It came from the lower ter race, just beyond the eastern wing of the building, and in that direction she at once bent her steps. As soon ae she reached the terrace and turned the corner of the .dismal old hoase, aha saw a little shed constructed of boards and filled with billets of wood, and in front of it eat the stooping figure of an old man. He bad a small arte in hie hand, and appeared to be engaged in splitting firewood. Her lsdyehip at once inferred that this old man was the pereon she Bought, and she made her way across to the little shed. « Seymour, is that yon J" she called, when ahe was within a few steps of him. The . old man started, and rising to his feet, looked about him in surprise, Cas sandra was at bis aide, and had her gloved band on bis arm in a breath. " Don't be startled, Seymour," she said. "I came from yonr master and my husband, Lord St. Anbyn. Have you forgotten me, Seymour J" The old man shook his grey head in a dazed way. .... "I'm afraid I have, my lady," he replied- ' Well, then, no matter. I am Iiord St. Anbyn'a wife, Seymour — we were married only a short time ago — and my lord has sent me here, Seymour, to bring yon good news." "Good news, my lady I" repeated the old man, What can it be ?" " Cannot yon guess what it is, Seymonrt" continued her ladyship. "Lord St. Anbyn is ill, and could not come himself, and yon know he dare not trust another save his wife. Seymonr, he has told me the seen/." She made a swift gesture towards the vaults beneath the old house. The old man's wrinkled fEce paled to an ashen e«y- " Sou know it, my lady ?" he repeated. " Tea, Lord St. Anbyn has told me; and more, he bae sent mo here, Seymonr, to tell yon to be cf good heart. In a few weeks all this ehall end. and yon and yonr prisoners shall be free." Tbe old man canght her hand and carried it to his lips, while the tears streamed over his farrowed cheeks. "Oh, my lady," he cried, " what do yoa' mean?" ''What I eay, Seymonr," ehe answered,) steadily ; " yon are to he free — yon and your prisoners. Strange' things have happened, and Lord St. Anbyn has determined to rake your advice and let them go' free. They are alive yet!" " Tee, my lady." " Well, he will come himself as soon as he reoovers, and eee tbem, and arrange It a!L Ton must hold oat a few weeks longer, Sey monr.- Von have beer a faithful servant to y our master, and yon ehall not lose yonr re ward." " 1 have it now, my lady," sobbed the old man. "Oh, my dear master 1 I have prayed day and night that hiB heart would change." "Well," interrupted CaBsandra, atrifle im patiently, ' yon mast be patient till he comes, and try to make the poor-men comfortable, Seymonr. It is a hard lot for them " — - " Ah, my lady, a bitter lot 1" " Well, do the best yon can lor them, and when year master cornea all shall be made right. Here, take this purse ; and, Seymonr, here is eonie wine. Take it, and drink come yourself, and give the poor men some. Poor aunls, it makes me shudder to think of tbem I" " Bless yonr good heart, my dear lady, I Willi" He took the bottles in his shaking hands, and her ladyship drew her dfiak close. ' I most go, Seymonr,"- ebe said; "my. carriage waits below there, and I want to catch the first available train. Remember, now, your master will soon he hereto release yon. Be patient, and do the best yon can. Good-bye." " Good-bye, my lady, and may yon be re warded for this. It is yonr work, I'm Mre.'' " Yes, it is my .work," repeated Cassandra, as she retraced her way to the spot where the waiting vehicle stood — " work for which 1 hsve no taete, bnt fate has forced it upon - sr«>. and it must be done." S <e shivered, and her teeth chattered, bnt she approached the carriage with a steel-like glitter in her ayes. - .('/J-.-.flwve ieeideA . to -remain . all /B momingT -BhslIitebe' oy '/hysyjwith / me"; -yon - may; tell "the jjt-dlbra (p. Hare is his money and ecoie- '.htcjg for yo'uisell, too, to pay yon for your \- / - - , .duTa.jjiODdtfd iiifl hat arid said '"nMKffi; mum' and rattled ' off dewn the rocky road. .Turough the storm and gloom she made «ay back to .the old house. With c&Qtioas; tread die flitted along, oncer the shadow of the dripping frees, till reached the northern' wing, aronnd .winch a covered terrace ran. She crept up to the wet atone steps, and TnnVir.g her way to the dark and sheltered corner, she sat down. 1 The night was dense and dark; anioy eket mingled with the dripping rain, and heat a miserable tattoo on the -wet stones ; but, like an image of marble, Iiord St. Aubyn's bride eat in her sheltered corner, i'er hands locked together, her i&oe; death. Sue heard the hells strike for midnight, yet she did not move. -At-laet, a little while before the dawn began to break, she arose. ,l This is awlol !' she said, in a low, gasp ing voice. "I wonder if Bfc. Anbyn woold suffer like this for me?'1 a$'"flQWrh iwSkjloom she gropec her the little shed where she There she paused and surveyed the old bouse with soxiotze eyes. It loomed np like a great black tomb, silent and dark as the nigbt, save one window on the ground floor, and from that a feeble light ieened. Cassandra saw this glimmering light, and approached it. The window was bleared and stained, bnt she.conld cee through it dimly. There was a room beyond, with a bed in one corner, and on that bed, by the dim light of the taper that flickered near by, she could descry a human flgcre. She looked through the stained glass, and then she turned to the door. " I most know," r he muttered, under her breath—4' I muet be certain." Olh. zl. n -.Ma) 2k .M A R — 1_ _. oue uivuujo uuui huu 11 upeueu, ana cue made her way' through a narrow corridor into the dimly-ligbtsd room. There lay the figare stiff sod motionless, the worn, far rowed face turned fall towards the flickering tape. On a small table stood a bottle and a glass, in which a few drop of wine still re mained. Cassandra looked eearchiagly at these ob jects, and discovered that the bottle was one of those she had given to Seymonr, and that it was ancorked. She stood sn instant, shaken by a strong ebndder Of terror and disgust; then she drew near the bed, aud peered down into tbe stony, nptnrned faoe; she even put out her band and touohed the farrowed fore head. "It has ended," she said, in a horse .whisper ; " he is dead." I She flitted from the eilent room like a shadow, closed the door behind her, and made «er wsy oat into the cliff road, and across nke country to the nearest elation ; and the fist train that stopped there bore her on her wfc back towards London. \ CHAPTER XXXII. \ STARXLIKO K£tVS. Thefeme Fcbrnsry day that sees Lady Caesauwa back in London, breaks drearily over a Ewsli party congregated on the d-.ck of an Englta vesEel atesming up the Thames. Of thinarty four persons are the rescued passeugemcf the ill-fated Baltic. One of there four k Bess, the mother of Lord St. Anbyn's coaand heir. Captain St Redmond Carew is bside her, and she least upon hie arm now. From tbe very jaws ofleath ehe is coming hack to her husband andUnld. The silent trs rise in her solemn brown eyes as she thinks of it, a faint red glow in her waxen cheeks, and her childish month qnivsrs. - "Efdmond," she yvhispers, clinging more closely _ to her companion, and raising her swimming eyes to hisiace, " St. Anbyn will be waiting to welcomeine. Don't yon think so, Redmond?" "\ Sir Bsdmond Carew looks down at the frail little creature wiib tender kindness in his eyes. He has mastered all hi. own pain and cruel disappointment iVbe ib her friend now, truer than a brother cbSid be. " Tee, Bess," be answers, with his sad, kind emile, " of conrse he will, be there. lie bte received our letters, no doubt, and he mast be the happiest man in England to day." Bees laughs — a simple, joyous little langb. " Yes, Redmond, only think of -itf" she goes.cn. "For tbe second time lam'coming beck to him bom tbe" grave." The pallid dawn deepened, and presently tbe sun came up, lifting the misty gloom, end ushering in a clear and spring-like day. Tot passengers reached their place of landing/ and' crowded forward with eager faces to look for their friends. Sir Redmond Carew was amid the fcremoBt, with Bees on his arm. Bit Lord St. Anbyn was Dot in sight. A dark frown clouded the Indian officer's brew. This is a stnage business 1" he muttered. "He must have received some of the many letters sent him. I wonder if the fellow is a' villain?". " What were yoa saying, Redmond ?" in quired Bess, " Nothing, only yonr husband is not here to meet yon, Bess. It most he that he has not been informed of yonr coming." "That's it," responded Bees; "be hasn't heard of it. Oh, Redmond, what a surprise it wonld be if we should go to him, and he believing me to he dead, and bcried in the sea?" "Yes, a great surprise, child," responded the captain, absently. He hails a cab, and they are driven to South Audley-streei,.where en old friend of Sir Redmoud Cerew resides. He is lucky enough to find this lady at home, and into hex care he commits Bess. — e "She is one of the Baltic's passengers," he explains, be the lady follows bun out into the hall. "Only four persons were picked op, and Lady St. Anbyn was one of them." "Lady St. Aubyzt 1" repeats Mrs. Mark- ham. "Yes didn't yoa understand the name? She has travelled home under my charge. Her father was my brothar offioer, years ago, and I feel a more than friendly ihtereBt in the bail little creature. .Please, Mrs. Markham, do what yon can lor her, as she is literally worn oat." - '' Sir Bsdmond Carew eays all this, standing in the ball, with his hat in his hand,- in' rather an impatient manner, -hoi fediug that some explanation is due to his old friend. Still Mrs, Markham stands and stares at Rim. "I most go, ".he says, even more im patiently. " You'll kindly take oaro of the lady till I retnm for her, Mrs, Markham? And, by tbe way. can yon tell me where to find Lord St. Anbyn'e reaidenoe ? He nhonld have coma to -meat mid welcome his wife to day; but be did not, and I mnst try -to find him." Still Mrs. Mtrkham stares at the baronet in blank eorprise, bnt at last she remarks : " Yon don't mean to -say. Sir. Redmond, that this poor lady is Lord St, Anbyh'e wife, wbowas lost at aea, do you 1" " Yes," replied the baronet. Mrs, Markham arizes his arm with both her h and e; "Bnt, Sir Bsdmond Carew," she whispers, excitedly. " Lord BU. Anbyn was -married only a week ago."- . r .. - . fiie captain's face win tens tinder allits foreign brenze. ' " Married V" he eoboea. . "Married, yes— to hiscourintLady'Cas- sahdraLandtf, aod I hear that -they leave' England to-mbirow orihenextday. , was; 'eZZp-Jfc. "1 iriwng and wvErytiiihg— In iha " 7Imrr, hot"ialI an i hoar ago. I mil bring yen ' the papcr and let yon zee for yonrsril." — " ' " ' . ' . " Stay. Mrs. Maikham — there is no need, I can ' believe what yoa eay/1 he -answers. "But what in the name of mercy is to be done ! Boor Bess ?— it will kill' her. She is longing to meet her hnsband end child, poor thing, and he married to that woman I The heartless villain 1 I'll pat a ballet -through his false heart ! Go baok to tbe poor child, Mrs. Msrkham, bat lor Heaven's sake don's breathe a word of this till we eee what's to be done. I'll find him, the false -heeded daetardl Where. did yoa s&y; hie house was?" "In Groavenor- eqnare?" anewered the lady. Sir Redmond Carew waited to hear no more, bat with aa angry fiaeh an his swarthy face, and a savage look in his brown eyes, he strode away. CHAPTER XXXIH. THIS BITTBB £KD« " St. Aubyn 1" Tbe handsome peer starts np from his recumbent position on tbe velvet lounge, as the sweet, tond voiee falls on his ear — starts to his feet and confronts his bride, the -rawi-fiaesandra. He stares blankly for a " Casaie, my dekt/isim; When did yon get back ?" — "Only half an hoar since, wet and chilled. I stole np to my rooms and made myself presentable before appearing before .my dear husband's eyes." Despite his burning anxiety, be takes ber in his arms and kisses her. Then he holds her at arm's length and aays : "Well, my lovef" " It is well% dearest,' ' she answers promptly. ''Tbe secret is ended, and you are never to think cf it or allude to it again." He stands mate, a curious tpsiver stirring his unsteady mootb. "Poor old Seymonr," he falters at last, UO UCil-IVCk , UIMWl low U» ffljr UBUUH I After a moment he adds: "Axe yon anre, Cassandra, that I am safe?" "Iam sure. "What I saw with my own eyes I most believe." She watohes him wistfully, expecting some word of thenta or approbation, bnt he utters none. A pained look steals over her face, but she puis it away and links her arm in bis. " Now, my love, I want to eee you look happy," she adds ; " it cost me more than you imagine to accomplish my task, bnt it is done, and to-morrow we shall be on our long and happy jonrney." "No, noflo-morrow, dearest," he inter rupts. "Tbe steamer will not sail till Friday. A messenger came to inform me of tbe alteration about an hour ago." My lady's face grows ghastly. " Why, St. Anbyn," ehe gasps, " what ean it mean 1 We mast secure accommodation ca asms other steamer." " Sail to-morrow we cannot," replies ber husband, regarding her with seme astonish ment; "we mast wait for tbe vessel in which our berths are taken. Wbat makes yon so anxions about it, Cassie— bo im patient to fas off?" " Oh, I am not well," ehe answers evasively, averting her face. " I am sick of England, and wieh we could leave at onoe." "8a we will; but yoa must cultivate patience, my love. What is one day more or less ?" " What is one day?" repeats Csseandra, under ber breath. " Who knows what a day may bring forth ?" Bat ehe answers carelessly : "Ob, no; one day is nothing. But I de tect disappointments and delays." "So. do I," responds her husband; "but we must make the best of it. 1 think I will take a etrol! before dinner ; I have been cooped np here eo long." He rings for his bverooat, puts it on and goes ont. Cassandra sits down with a white, set faoe, arrayed in all her gorgeous finery. Her proud lip quivers, and the tears rise in her eyes. It hurts her crnelly that her hue- bandcan leave her so soon after her return from herhorrible journey. She is beginning to feel already that the man Bhe has loved so blindly, and perilled - her soul to win. is not such a prize after all. Fox hours she sits thus, cat to the heart, and feeling indescribably lonely, till a ser vant comes with letters. They are letters which hare followed tbem to. London for the most part, ana are consequently a good deal behind date. Caesandra seizes them with nervous haste and looks them over. One beaiB a foreign postmark. She holds it in her hand a minute, while her cheeks whiten and her breath comes in gasps. Then ebe tears it open and rone her eyes over the few lineB it contains. " Ob, mercy 1" ahe gasps, hex eyes -dis tended in terror, " ehe was to reach London yesterday, Bnd may be in this house before the day closes ! What shall I do ?" \- For fire minutes ehe stands there, the open letter in her hand; then she orosees tbe room and tosses it into the fire.- " I'll brave it," ehe matters, wi'h set teeth and -glittering eyes. " It is too late to turn back!; . She turns to the. window and locks ont. The lamps are just lighted, and flare in yel low lines -on eaob side of the crowded thoronghfatee. She watches tue faces of the men and women, as tbsy come and go, with tigerish eyec. She almost expects to eee among tbem the meek, pale lace of the woman who isher rival. Tbe twilight ' deepens into darkness, and my lady grows impatient and rings her belL " Has Lord St. Aubyn returned 1" ahe asks of tbe servant who eaters. "No, my lady ; he hat not come in yet, and there is a gentleman in'the library waiting to eee bim." "What is his name!" she demands, fiercely, " He deolmsB to give his heme, my lady," the man replies. 11 He has been here twice before to-day whilst my lord was ont, and now he insists on waiting till he comes in." Cassandra meditates, a slight flush rising to ber face. "And refnBes to 'give his name," ahe repeats. "What manner of person is he, James?" " A tall, handsome man, my lady, with the look of an officer." A determined look comes info my lady's eyes. "I will see .this person myself," ahe eays. The servant' bows himself out, and my lady sweeps after bim. At the library door ehe pduass, wiib a haughty, questioning glance. The visitor rises to his feet andbawa pro foundly. . ' > \- .Wo yoa wieh-to eee Lord St. Aubynf" she questions. \ "Yesmy lady." . \— In the 'balf-glocm of the spacious room-she fails to recognise the man before hex. feir Redmond Carew has ohanged since tbe night when he saved r this fair woman's life from, the bnruing ruins of Monnt Btorm. ".What is yonr badness with Lord St. Anbyn?" rite inquires. 'My business with Lord St. Anbyn is of a private nature, my lady, and cannot be ex plained to anypther person." " I am Lord St" Anbyn's wife. The baronet bows, with a canons wnil« on ; his lips. "That does not alter the nase, madame," he anawera, coolly. . "But Lord St. Aabyn is away 1" ebe con-., tinnee, suppressing her lieing anger. " I will await . his return." He hows again, and resumes his seat. GaB- aandra stands and looks at him witb glowing ! eyes.'/ What can be the nature of his bum- mess, zbe wonders. _ . visikfiS riuMe&sio;' tc avert this im pen di »g danger?.';"' ' ' ." Have your- brought hewa for my hus- -band ?" she ventures -to ask. In a faltering voice. / ' .. . : ". . .. 1 The light ol the low-burning chandelier falls upon ber face, and Carew sees that it is ghastly white. —He looks at her with keen, suspicions eyes, bnt his answer' is cool and quiet. "Very strange news, bnt only for his lordBbip'eearo." -She fairly gnashes hex teeth In her terror and agony. \- "Tell ms," aba cries, flying at him in a fury, and seizing his arm, "speak ont this instant, or I will ring the hell, and have yon expelled from the house t" Sir Bsdmond coolly removes her hard from his arm. It is quite evident, my lady," he replies, "that what I am here to tell the Marquis St. Aubyn is no secret to you. Too wonld bave dose better to bave told him yourself weeks ago." " What do yon mean ?" she orisB, her zage rising beyond all control. " Jon shall not tell him ; I'll bave yonr life first I" She puts her hand to her bosom, and, swift as thought, she draws forth a slender jewelled dagger. ; She has worn it day and night for the last week, for what purpose ehe dare not con fess to her own soul. Mad with terror at the certainty that this man-had come to make knawn'to St, Anbyn "Surifsstsxctsfhis - wife's xesofae from the danger n n fPrKffTfTr-jrif rr itui tp nvrrt the : dartB npon Carew in a freuzyoT rogeilflnr aims a deadly blow at bis breast. Bnt this - captain's trained eye divines her purpose, and his swift hand grasps her arm before the shining little weapon descends. " Take care, my lady," he aays, quietly ; " you are in danger of harming yourself, not me. I must have this." He twists the dagger ont of hex white hand, and holds it behind him. She stands at bay, like some wild, hunted animal. There comes a ring at the boot entrance, and a moment later a fitpn in the ball with. ont. She knows that St. Anbyn has come, and the fierce anger in ber eyes gives place to a look of unutterable anguish. She fells at the soldier's feet and c'asps his knees. "Ob, for mercy sake, pity met" ehe im plores. ' Keep the secret from St. Aubyn. It will do her no good now to tell St, Aubyn that she lives, and it will kill me. Have mercy on me ! Sir Redmond Carew pities her, as ehe grovels in abject terror at hie feet, bnt his stern fscs never relaxes from its settled pur pose. " I shall do my doty," he answers, reso lutely. " I ehall tell Lord St. Anbyn that his wife lives." There is a step outside the door. A faint cry breaks from Cassandra's lips, and Bhe eiarlB np and flies from the room through a side entrance just as the library door opens and St. Anbyn enters. "Well, air," be says, nodding at Carew, who rises, "what's yonr name and what's yonr bnriness? I beg that yon will make both as abort aa posrible, for my dinner is waiting." He wheels a chair before the grate, sits down, and elevates hie boots npon the polished fender. Sir Bodmond Carew stands Bnd looks down upon him, witb a tinge - of red in hie swart cheeks, and an ominone glow in his eyes. Hie fingers work restlessly, as if he longs to seize npon the easy-going nobleman and throttle bim. But he oontrols himself by a great effort and answere : " I will not keep yon away from your dinner long, my Lard St. Anbyn; but I doubt whether you will have an appetite fox it when you have beard the news I am here to tell yon." Something in the speaker's voice and manner streets St. Anbyn's attention. He springs to his feet and looks at him closely. " By Jove I" he ejaculates, "it is Sir Red mond Carew 1 How are yon ? Didn't know you, I assure you, 'pon my honor." Carew doeB not seat himself, but stands, tall, dark and determined. "Lord St, Anbyn," be begins, in clear, meaenred tones, " I have been here twice be fore to-day and failed to see yon. I bring yon strenga news, my lord — though, npon my life, I can't understand why you had not heard it long ago." St. Anbyn grown pale and moves nneasily. He is thinking of Aberdndno Lodge, and the horrible eecret ebnt np there. Can thie scowling Indian officer know anght cf that? "Well, why don't yon apeak ont?" he says, impatiently. " What have yon to eay, Sir Redmond?" "I have jnet reached England, after a long voyage, and bave brought with me one of the reeensd passengere of the Baltic, Has your lordship , an idea who this pas senger ie?" St. Anbyn stares at him stupidly. - " Why, no — of conrse I have not," he re sponds. " I was not even awarethat a single, passenger. was saved." " Yoa took hut little titrable to learn, my lord, it seems," continues Sir Redmond, severely. " It is a mystery that none of the letters, aent to inform yon of the fact that your wife. Lady St. Anbyn, was one of those rescued passengers, should have reached you. Or did the reach you, my lord?. And did you see fit to ignore and disbelieve the tidings, in yonr indecent haBte to contract a eacond marriage ?" AR this bitter sarcasm iB lost upotk Si. Anbyn, He has caught only two words, "yonr wile," and he stands stariDgly blankly at the indignant soldier. The baronet waits a second, bnt as bis lordship makes no. reply, . he speaks again. ' Perhaps yon do not care to hear the troth now, my lord," he says, "but I must force it npon you. I am here to tell you that your wife lives, is now in London, and is ignorant of yonr recent marriage." " Good heavens ! Wbat is it yon say? My wife alive, and in Lcnloni Yon don't mean Bsss?" "Yes, my lord — I mean the MarohioneBS of St. Aubyn." The baronet's soul Is in a stormy tumult, hut he keeps his lacs and voioe calm and cool. . "Bess! Bess alive 1" repeats St. Aubyn, while a great flash of joy lights np hU fees. " Poor little Bess ! Where is she? Let me go to her this jnstBnt. Where is ahe, Carew? For mercy's eake, let us be qnick 1" Sir Redmond' meets him with his oalin, cugl smile. . " I am at yonr. service, my lord," he re- plies. " We will go at once. But I must remind yoa that yonr wife ooly reached England to-Bay, and knowe nothing of yonr late marriage . with Lady Cassandra Lauder." .Thewttcxanee ot Cassandra's name recalls St. Xubyntu his senses. ' He pats his hand to his hsadvjMid stages . back against the wall like a Juku who has been shot. ' Af aintnry iapjes from an adjoining room; the Bide&iorhprognd; GassacdiagUdesin. She goeS/hlraigbv.to Bt. Anbyn's side, and twines he annE ahirat him. ' / . ' " ' Oh,' iny'love,- nqrhasband,"ah'e murmurs, with her iips clMe tbZ-hiEr face, ' let -US go, and never -return to England again 1 Come wiffie there Is time, mydove. .She wn have her child, my dearest huih&n; J!" lis t hrowE her from him almoet rudely. Bit I wiU see herl" faepries, with fierce vfhpmrmce. "/She is "my wife not yon. Yon knew ahe was alive,/ and 'yoSi have kept it from me, uud lured ins into marrying yon. Ont ot my 'eight 1 ' I never want .to eee yob H&P.; "'.V ' "'V "' ' '' She etarris.croaphing before; him, every ibrnfel, unmanly , word striking Use like daggCT-throzt.i At hiB last oopunshid ehe creeps hcrOEslthB room/and hot at the open -tab . /' r . "/f. Aiibyh ditches hp his hat, end rariras to wards /the street.. Hir Ridmond -<5arew/ foUdwehlm. V' - ' In eUanee, thrcugb the windy darkness,' they make'tbeir way -to -Mri -lilarkbsui's' residence. Carew puts out his hand to ring the bell. 'Stopl" khoots St. Anbyn, in a hoarse voJo!._ "I cannot eee her f I cannot face, this diagraoe ! I shall -leave England, and let them fight it out as they can." And before the astonished soldier can niter a word; faialordship is gonjB. - He calls a cah,and through 'the etxeets he drives towards the Victoria railway etation, where be finds a train -is just going ont. He takes a ticket, ana" Bteams away, le&viog; London, with, all' its twinkling 'lights,- far bebii.d. A couple of honrs later sees him on board the mail steamer bound for 'France, flying, like tbe selfish coward he is, from the wrong and shsme behind him. The dawn 'creeps through the closed abut ters into Cassandra's silent chamber. There he lies, in her lacs and jewels; this prond daughter of an earl, prone npon her faoe, her white hands clenched, her eyes white and glassy, her face cold and est in death. On tiro table near by stands a tiny pbial,in which & few drops of -fi. pungeut, colorless liquid yet remain. - And thus, when the day grows and the -home is astir, they -find her dead — dead by her own hand !" CHAPTER XXXIV. Captain Sir BedmonartSSfgll-— the steps, his hand on the hell-knob. Hour can he goin and faee poorBeesi waiting and hungering for a eight of her hnsband? How shall he break the terrible news to her? It is the hardest trial of all tbe hrave soldier's life, bnt he knowe it must be done. He rings tbe bell with a doll ache at his heart. \- The door opens instantly, ani behind the BctVnUk WUU UUUllVe ail all Alts CCCO 1JCBH llcE" srii, hex wan little lace all aglow with ex- pcctant joy. She rusheB forward and catcbeB his hand. "Oh, Bsdmond, where is myhOBband? — and where is my child ?" He takes ber hand and leads her back into tbe drawing-room. "Sit dowD, Bess," he eaye, tenderly, " and when yoa Are calm I have something to tell yon." A sudden terror leaps into hex eyes, and her lips begin to quiver. "What is it?" she falters, "What hae happened ? Who is dead ? My child ?" Sir Redmond sits beside her and takes botn her bauds in his. " Look at me, Bess," he eays, " and eee , what a brave, strong little woman yon can be. No one is dead. Your chHd is alive and so is Lord St. Anbyn." She draws a long breath of relief and looks np at him with the old smile returning to her soft eyes. "Thank Heaven," ahe murmurs. "If they are both alive nothing very dreadful can have happened. Wbat is it, Redmond ? Is Lord St.Anbrn absent from England? He mnstbe, or he wonld have come to me. Yoa have sent for him, of coarse, and he willeoon be here ? Tell me all about it, please." Tbe captain looks at her in iufinite'pity. How can he fell her? He starts to his feet, and thoughtfully paces np and down ihe room. Bess watches him with a nameless fear creeping to her face. She rises end follows him, aud elides her little hand into his. "Redmond, dear friend," she whispers, "something terrible has happened ; I see it in yonr face. Tell me; anything is better than this suspense." He wheels round and faces her, " Bess," he replies suddenly, " Lord St. Aubyn is married again." She looks at bim in a doll, uncompre hending way. "Married!" she repeate. "Why, Red mond, what can yon mean?" " He thought yon were dead, Bess," con tinues the captain, desperately, " and hehas married Lacy Caesandra Lauder." "Married! My baby's father married 1" Her whitening lips frame the words/but give forth no sound. The color drifts slowly from brow and cheek, and she drops like a blighted lily at the soldier's feet. He stoops and raises her in Mb arms just as Mrs. Msrkham enters. There she is," he Eays, as he lays Bees on the sofa. "Ihave told her and it has killed her. Tbat villain shall answer for her murder. Ill go and find bim now." He is striding from tiro room with a de termined face, but his old friend follows Mm. " Stop, Redmond Carew," she says ; "re- main where yon are. If Lord St. Aubyn chooses to marry a new wife every week, yoa are not called npon to interfere. The law will look to Mm. ' Stay where you are, and help the poor girl ; she is merely in a faint." \- He retnrns in sullen silence, and they set about reviving poor Bess. Tbe task is a hard one. She lies for honre in a deathlike ewoon, and it re not nntil after a surgeon has baen called in that they sucesed In re storing any signs of animation. At last the heotic red flutters back to her thin cheeks, and her . eyes open with a frightened stare. " Harried 1 My baby's father married!" she repeate in a gasping whisper, Mrs. Markham bends ever her, stroking her bur, and saying gently : " There, poor dear, yon mustn't take it eo to heart. He believed yon were dead, yon know." " Yes, 'but how oonld they forget me so soon ?" Theee words quiver from her white lips in gasping sobs and she is convulsed with bitter .weeping. Sir Redmond Carew looks on in fierce indignation. " Don't cry so, Bess," he says at last ; " that man is not worth it. Yon shonld be glad to be rid ot him, the villain i" ' Bess looks up with wet, startled eyes. "No, Redmond," ehe interposes, hurriedly, "1 will not hear you oondemn Mm. Lord St. Aubyn is not to blame. How should he know that t would oome back from tbe dead? He had a right to many Lady Cassaodra. Yon know, Redmond, they loved each other long before the marquis met me." Mrs. Markham regards her with unfeigned amazement. " Bnt, my poor dear." ehe eays, "Lord St. Anbyn will have to take yon baok, of coarse, when he learns that yon are alive." But Bess shakes her head sadly. "I shall never eome between tbem again," she eaye. "Bat I mast have my child." "Yen shall have Mm, Bess, I promise yon." "Bnt did 'Lord St. Anbyn say eo? Did. ynn.iee Mm, Redmond ? -Yon have not told, me yet. Doss be know thatl still live?" "Yes, he knows it, Bess." "Redmond," she asks, in a low voice, " wbat did he say ? Did ha seem glad or sorry?" The captain shuts his teeth hard; Ms agony through all this trying scene is greater than anything the forsaken 1 wife feels. "I think he was glad, Bess," be answers trntMhlly, "when I first told Mm.- He looked glad, I thought. But it places him in <a bad position, yon see.'. I— I thinkhe will leave England.": , Her tips quiver again, bnt she flashes the itears front bar eyes. "Yes, ol coarse,, he will leave England, and taka Cassia with Mm. I oan/exiiecjj ntrthingeise— though he did- love /mej.Rsd-. mood. Ha used -to pet me /eo;and catlme little mother.1 Ywish 'I iBoiftd eee him and . toUMm how Heel. -i. don't blame him, and TRohe'O'YB'veryhappy-haBnflLziy' finger. Jo -do thslth" harm; but"! niast -have " my' child-"'. . / \- " Yes, yon ehall have yonr child, Be«." On this same Febrnary afternoon the into train which entered the small town nearest to Aberdnano Lodge put down a. solitary passenger — a little maiden, cloEely wrapped and hooded, and carrying a small valise in her hand. < Ehe stands on instant on the wet comfort- less platform, looking with keen bright eyeB ; then, gathering ber wind-tossed cloak more closely, she makes her way into the heart of tiro dreary little town. A poblic-honse with the imkge ni the brazen lion on its swaying sigirlaUrBete her notice, and ehe walks briskly - np the weather-beaten steps and in at the open door. " Well, missis," nays 'tiro landlord, strug gling briskly to his dampy legs, " what can I do for yon?" " I wish to know in what direction I can. find Aberdodno Lodge," replies the little maid, speaking in broken Eoglish. " Abcrdudoo Lodge 1" he repeats, emerg ing from bebind his bar., " Well, my pretty miss, if you'll just step cat I'll show yon the old place. You aan see it plainly enoogb. And a regular old ghost nc-Et it ie." He makes Ms .way to the door and Josie — for it is she — follows Mm. That's the place, my dear," he eaye, pointing one stubby finger towards a huge black pile on the Bummit of c Eea-vrashed cliff. Joeie looks at the grim old Etructnre with a,8?1? Pret:c>-T»—!anaJT> drive The landlord expresses his BStomsnimn.-: in sprolooged whistle. " Why, wbat doss it mean?"heEays — "so many pretty-faced women-folks going up there. Wbat does it mean ? — that's -what I want to know. It was only two days ago that another lass was here after a con- vsyanoa np to Aberdndno. 1 cent hex np sen tost was tne last of it; sue aid -not come baok. Maybe Blnebeard lives np there in them blaok turrets. Who knows? No, in deed, my dear, I can't think of each a thing as vending yon to tbat old ghost-trap at this boor ; yon can stay here at the Golden Lion to-night if yon like, and I may manage it in the morning." fie pats oat Ms fat band to pat the girl's Bhoulder. She draws back with flashing eyes, and almost falls into tho arms of a young gentleman who has just oome up the steps. "Why, Dobbs, my good fellow, what's this?" demands the new-comer, before Joefs recovers her breath sufficiently to tpsek. The dampy landlord tarns round in evident consternation, " Ah, it's yoa, Sir Arthur, is it 1" he cries, in sn apologetic voioe. "Had nothonght of seeing yon hack so soon. Glad to see yon, thengb, Sir Arthur. . There's a good fire in tbe parlor. Come in, Eir.pleaee." Mr. Dobbs ignoreB the pretty, indignant damsel altogether, end directs Ms attention solely to Sir Artirar, as he has been called ; bnt Sir Arthur hitaEelf looks towards ber witb admiring glances. "1 beg yonr pardon," be ventures to say, after eome hesitation ;" bnt if I can be of any Borvioe to yon, it will give me pleasure." Josie gives Sir Arthur one swift, sharp lsnk, and ehe sees at a glance that the man before her -is a gentleman. She makes a qnaintenrtesy, that Etrikes the young baronet as being grace itrcli. - ' " I thank you, monsieur," she replies. "I stopped here to make inquiries about Aber- daeno Lodge. 1 would be glad if I conld get a carriage to take mete tbe place. That's it, 1 believe, on the cliff there?" The landlord makes an attempt to speak, hut she silences him with a glance of her blazing eyes ; aod Sir Arthur, inwardly thinking tbat be never saw such eyes before, makes answex : "That is Aberdndno Lodge, and a dreary eld place it is. Barely yoa have no thought of going there to-night ?" Josie hesitates a minute, glancing cut into the misty gloom. . "I did think of it," she answered, half to herself and half to Sir Arthur. "My dear young lady," says the gentle man, earnestly, " let me persuade yon to give over each e parpoee. Yon have no idea what a steep, slippery road it is, or what a ghostly old pile the lodge is when yon arrive there. I was there yesterday myself. The old lodge is falling into mine, and is quite dfsertod. It seems a pity, for it is a grand old structure, dating back to the days of the Normans. I wonder at Lord St. Anbyn'a neglect." "It is quite deserted, yon eay?" repeats Josie. " Quite. Left to the mercy of the bats and owls, and the ghosts, eo the country folk abont here have it." " Not for eaoh 8 long time, though, Sir Arthur," puts in the landlord. "An old man lived there until — let's ees — Monday — yes, it was Monday the lady got here, and ehe took him away." " Indeed 1" responds Sir Arthur. "I was cot aware the old place had been inhabited for years." " Yes, Sir Arthnr," continues Mr. Dobba, eagerly, " tbe old man has lived here tor years — one' of Lord St. Anbyn's servants, 1 think. The old chap never let on wbat he was — mum as a mouse. He came down once in a While for wine; bnt the lady came, and 1 cent her np there 8nd she -didn't come back. She sent word by the lad as she meant to stay all eight, and take the old man away with ber next morning. He being her father, 1 suppose she did. Sir Arthnr, as we've not clapped, eyes on tbe old 'on since." F And yon have never heard of any other persons being seen at tbe lodge ? "asks Josie, her eyes foil of feverish interest. "Never a soal,miss,"he replies, cheerfully "only- when Lord St. Anbyn asms once with his sick wife,- and that was years ago." Josie gathers np ber cloak, and looks dublondy-ont into the gloomy afternoon. "If you bave a great dfeire to see the old place," puts in Sir Arthnr, politely, "and wonld like to go np to-morrow, my dogcart is here, and my man is at yonr service." "Thank yon,' sir," replies Josie, after a moment's thought, "bat since- I find, the place deserted, I may change my mind. I will not pnt yon to farther trouble. Good- day." Sbe trips away, and the two men look after her with admiring eyes. "She don't belong to these part," remarks the landlord. ... - "Sir Arthur says nothing, hut his face be trays bis curiosity afad interest- He stands irresolute an instant, and then strides down tiro-steps. "Yon are- not going, Sir Arthnr?" ques tions Dobbs, . "Yea," responds the baronet. "HI be baok in su hour. Keep my dinner hot." He walks rapidly away, in the came, direc tion in which joeis has just disappeared — a circumstance which. elicits a shrewd wink and shrug ot the shoulders from tbe landlordas fas makes bis way back to the inn. Meanwhile Sir Arthnr pursues bis walk,' and in a very -few minutes comes in sight of Josie.' She is in the main street which runs through the town, and which commands a fine view of the headlands and of Aberdndno Lodge. . She walks on briskly for some time, and ir Arthur follows, keeping her in sight. " Now.T should like to know," he thinks,' "who ihe U,' and what ahe wants at such a place as Ahsxdndop ?" He slackens fais'pacs, for. Joeie hae paneed' in her brisk walk hud stands irresolute, with / her eyes fixed npon the old lodge. For the" apace.of sr momentshe lingers, then strikes' baldly ottt into, the sandy cliff rosfl winding ; upwards to the Jodge oh the commit of Aha j fliff.— (7b le'eontiroKSl) ; . "244 ' 