,_ I . NEÎW BOOKS. ; THE CHRIST THAT; IS -TO BE, a purposeless story written with much thought, takes one to London in, its , opening chapter^ the « Spring Festival - of the year 2,100 and is another con- tribution to the 'Looking Back- ward' type of fic- tion, but written from a totally dif erent standpoint.'. London is np longer the Mart of the World, but is 'haunted by. the ghost of her former commerce ' ; her docks and weather- worn warehouses are falling into ruins. The British aristocracy, whose property in land has been largely transferred toother enterprises, follow- ed their money to Australasia, and the descendants of the great families are to be found ' on the shores of the Pacific' The story in parts gives much food for reflection. aud it is cheering to know that the Socialistic revolution of the twenty first century did < not develop into san- guinary excess.' The hero of the story Alpha-is no other than the Messiah, who visits Jbhis " earth.? for,, .a's.brief . ''period; prior to His final comm MAKING HIS PILE, by Justin Charles MacCartie, of Melbourne, is a colonial story of considerable power and interest, and relates experiences only too common in this country. It is , the old, old story of the too confiding and easily gulled 'new chum,' whose ancestors were gentlemen, and who,unused to the ways of our ' smart ' business men, soon falls a victim to their deceptions, and in New Zealand loses both his heart and money ; but all comes right in the end, and the discovery of a Victorian goldfield restores the fortune of an old family and our hero's finances, whilst his boyhood's sweetheart is discovered as a cashier in a Melbourne Coffee Palace. The book has a decided Melbourne flavour, and the writer is evidently an enthusiastic ad- mirer of Victoria and her capital. Take for instance the following bit of dialogue ' And what about the colony-Victoria ? ' ' Well, in my opinion, she is the colony of the group, and leads Australia/ ; * I daresay you are right/ said Keginald, ' for there seems to be a surprising amount of go aheadedness and energy about this place/ ' Not alone that, but there is a solidity and stability about Victorian institutions that is wanted elsewhere in Australasia-things are more settled, and there is more wealth-in fact Mel- bourne herself is an extraordinarily wealthy and prosperous city, as. you can see in a moment it* you walk through some of her numerous suburbs, and note the comfortable, and, in many cases, magnificent homes of her citizens/ * I noticed that,' put in Vernon. . ' Everything looks solid and permanent, and gives you the idea that people anchor here.î live, marry, bring up children, die, and otherwise do their duty/ ' They do all these things/ said Barton, laugh- ing, ' and seem to have got over the restless, going-to-flit-tormorrow stage of colonial life, and to look upon Victoria as their home, and to be nroud of it/ 'Well, they may well be proud of it ; it seems to me to be a very fine colony/ ' It is a fine colony, and it is more than a colony -it is a little nation, with a Lilliputian army and navy, ' and other institutions which show its readiness to accept the fuU re- i sponsibilities pf a nation, should the day come whén such a step will be necessary-there, my boys, I have just struck the key-note of Victoria's prosperity. It is her national spirit which sends her ahead ; the Victorians believe in Victoria, and are prepared to fi;ht for her if occasion calls for it. This spirit, which is entirely absent from New Zealand, may pos- sibly be found in New South Wales and in the other colonies of Australia proper, but not to anything like the degree that prevails in Victoria, and this fact places the latter country on a distinctly higher level than the others/ ' And how about political and commercial morality ? ' asked Regin- ald ; 'they are not in so low a state here as in New Zealand, I hope/ ' Well, I have looked into these matters pretty closely, but of cour se am not able to speak with the con- fidence of an old resident ; and, from all I «'an learn, the public men of Victoiia have, as a rule, worked steadily for the good of the country as a whole, and with a wide and far- seeing eye to the time when . she would become a great nation, or part of a great nation, have founded her institutions on sound and enduring bases/ THE CONTEMPORARY REVIEW for July, just to hand, contains a most original story by Rudyard Kipling, which is, we believe, founded, on personal experience. J* The Finest Story in the World' is the title. Sir Henry Parkes ; contributes an excellent article ¡in support of Federation, which has been widely quoted in Eng- land.', Andrew Lang writes of « Robert Browning/ ' Punch and his Artists' is the title cf a short historical Btory apropos to the recent jubilee of that world-famed comic, and the whole number is one of unusual interest. -~ , ST. KATHERINE BY THE TOWER is/Walter Besant's last, aod by many Londoners it will be con- sidered his best, abounding in historical incident and adventure of the last century. Our lim- ited space will not now, admit , o£ an adequate notice. 