MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. AT HOME AND ABROAD. The return of Miss Janet Achurch and BIr. Charles Cbar/ington to Sydney will serve to remind playgoers of how much they owe to these artists for "exploiting" Ibsen ia a city where his works were so little known. The production of that pure and spiritual psycholo gical study, and withal sound dramatic piece of stage-work, " A Doll's House," was a bold venture.' But the faith these artist9 had in the fascination of a great work was not misplaced. It is true that the third act of the drama— which is essentially poetic in fprm, because the highest form of art is needed to depict spiritual things— it is true that this fine third uct , puzzled to distraction the Eelmcrs whose souls never rise abovo the commonplace far cical comedy or average melodrama. But a strong and increasing minority remained to give Miss Achurch countenance and support, tbe production was financially successful, and, above all, attention was drawn to the works of Heinrik Ibsen. No great progress has been made with the general reader, perhaps, but the 9tage has boen reached when members of civilised society must at least pretend to know something more of Ibsen than his name. Just lately his " Ghosts," a tragedy which teaches tbe lesson that as a man sows in pleasure so shall he reap in pain, has been performed in London. The choice of this drama out of all that Ibsen has written was undoubtedly unfortunate inasmuch as the snbject is one from which many may justly shrink. The London dailies, however, hating stigmatised as "indecent" the playful innocence of the stocking incident in "A Doll's House," could iu any case do no less than foam at the mouth over " Ghosts." In the meantime, the Athcncsum iu a hostile article justly remarks that the plav " has scarcely an objec tionable passage, and so far from being pruri ent. points a lesson of Puritau sternness." So much for the moral tendency of the drama so fiercely attacked, so poorly criticised, by the London press. Probably since BIr. Charrington's lecture many in Sydney are aware that in more than half the noblest of Ibsen's plays the eexnal question is not discussed — or at any rate less intimately than by those novelists of the day who are generally read. " The Pretenders," " Pillars of Society," " An Enemy of Society," "Emperor and Galilean," and many others of hiB works may be safely entrusted to the "maiden of blushing fifteen " for whom some people would have all the fine literature of the future scrupulously reserved. Mme. Patey's triumphant renlree at the Philharmonic Society's concert on Thursday satisfied her friends and admirers that she had safely passed through the ordeal of foreign travel. Indeed, none of the party seem to have suffered from the severe experiences of the journey, and Mr. J. G. Patey is looking so 6troug and well that we should like to see him on tbe concert platform once again before his departure. The voyage to Hongkong, generally so calm and pleasant, was broken by tempes tuous seas after leaviug the Gulf of Carpentaria) whilst between Hongkong and Shanghai tbe thermometer ranged within 24 hours from 75 in the shade to 30 — two degrees of frost. Showers of sleet and snow prevailed at Shanghai, but when the weather cleared the visitors drove abont the country and admired the cus tom that prevails amongst small land-owners of depositing their dead in coffins dotted about their holdings I Sometimes these coffins are very much in evidence, at other times tbey are covered by little thatched roofs. Mr. and Mme. Patey also saw a portion of a three-day tragedy (in several hundred acts !) at a Chinese theatre, which Mr. Patey's "notes" describe as "a wild, weird performance upon an historical subject ; the audience not iu the least interested; the skill aud care employed to produce such excru ciating results must have been very great ; the orchestra needs hearing to be appreciated." From supplementary iuformation to hand we suspect that Mr. Patey's diary was "wrote snarcastic," as Artemus Ward would say. At any rate, the basso gives a comical account of many strange sights and sounds produced at the theatre, where "a castle besieged" was represented by a black cloth with a "castellated" top held between two men standing on chairs iu the sight of the audience I Five concerts were given in Shanghai, and tne travellers then hurried on to Kobe, which they describe as a paradise, whilst Japan is generally catalogued as au enchanting country. Five concerts were given at Yokohama, return visits were paid in China, aud on arrival at Brisbane on April 29 by the Tsiuau a marvellous season of six nights at the Theatre Royal far exceeded expectation. Whilst in Shanghai cablegrams were exchanged with Adeliua Patti, as the outcome of which Mme. Patey is under engagement to star with the diva next October. Iu the meantime Mr. L. J. Lohr has been dispatched to New Zea land, where he will on arrival of the Te Anau next week arrange lor appearances of the great contralto at Auckland, Dunedin, Wellington and Christchurch. Mme. Patey hopes to spend nearly two months iu sightseeing in the beautiful islands, aud to proceed thence to Mel bourne and Adelaide, where she will give fare well concerts prior to setting sail for old Eugland ouoe again. Miss Janet Achurch and Hr. Charrington will make their first appearance in a costume comedy at the Garcick Theatre this evening. " Masks and Faces" has not been lately plarcd here, aud when it was played, uamely ljy the Misses Lanyon at the Opera Houe in Novem ber, 1884, the performance was execrable. The piece was originally staged by the late Benja min Webster at the Hay market Theatre as far back as 1862, when Mrs. Stirling was tbe Peg Woffingtou. There was a very notable revival of the comedy by Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft at the little Prince of Wales' Theatre in 1875, whea Charles P«.eade, joint author with Tom Taylor, extended the comedy from two acts to three, and at Mrs. Bancroft's suggestion substituted the present pathetic euding for the old rhym ing tag. Charles Ileade stated that the idea of the play was suggested to him one day by the contemplation of Hogarth's portrait of the Woffiugtou at the Garrick Club, and that he and Taylor theu worked out the drama together. The play was revived at the house where it first saw the light in 18S1, when Mr. Bancroft and Mr. Arthur Cecil alternated the parts of Triplet und Co! Icy Cibber. A fact of melaucuoly interest in connection with this production was that this was the last piece witnessed hv Charles Kende before bia death. During the past 10 years innumerable Peg Woffingtons hare appeared, mauy of whom have been us.-d by the critics as pegsjto haug thcir.severepL censuro3 upon. Miss Kate Vaughau, thu famous Gaiety dancer, made an essay in this character in 1887, succeeding better than was expected. The part requires the expression of varied emotions, and the rendering given by Misa Achurch this even ing will be scrutinised with kceu interest. " The Bells of Haslemere," tho drama by Messrs. Pettitt and Grundy which is to be staged by Mr. Bland Holt this evening, was originally produced at the Adelphi Theatre, Londou, July 28, 1887. Though the piece has thus been very long in reacbiug Sydney, it was introduced iu Adelaide and Melbourne some two years ago, haviug beeu purchased by Messrs. Williamson aud Garner for the dramatic compauy of which Miss Clara Cowper was leading lady. The course of tho story takes the hero to the plantations of thu Southern States of America, and an attempted murder in the swamps aud cane-brakes atfordu a tine opportunity for striking scenic effect, which will doubtless be made the most of at the Theatre Royal. In the original cast Mr. Wil liam Terriss was the Frank Beresford, Mr. Charles Cartwrignt the Captain Vcro and Miss Millward appeared as the heroine, Evelyn Brooklield. Miss .M »ggie Knight, who is cast for a charm ing comedy part in "Thu Bells of llaslcinere " this eveuiug, has not appeared in Sydney since November, 1889. It will be remembered that the popular actress was suddenly taken ill during Miss Jennie Lee's revival of "Ticket of Leave Man " with Mr. J. H. Ciyndes, since which date her professional engagements have not brought her to Sydney. Miss Knight joined .Mr. Bland Holt's company in the lollowiug year, playing lead in the present repertoire in Adelaide and at tbe Alexandria Theatre, Melbourne. The en gagement of Mis3 Maggie Knight for the part of Norah Desmond, whilst Miss Kate Bishop and Mrs. Holt retaiu their former positions in the company, will have the effect of increasing the female interest in the new piece. Otuer things being equal this fact should make it popular with playeoern. Mr. Snuzelle, whilst riding through tho suburbs ot Melbourne last week, collided with a cart, tbe shaft of which ran his horse through to the heart aud killed it on the spot. The comedian escaped unhurt, ami appeared as usual iu " Evangeline " at the Opera House the same evening. Mr. Willard, who originally came to Aus tralia with Mr. J. F. Sheridan's Comic Opera Compauy, which he had organised tor travel in the East, has once again formed a band of operatic artists. Taking with him Mr. William U'aUhe, Miss Vera Patey, Miss Bessie Royal, Miss Ada Bakor, the concert room soprano, Mil's Alice St. John aud other artists, he sailed for Siugauore by the B.I.S.S. Bhuudara on Wed nesday. Mr. Walshe will tour with this com pany for about 12 months befora prosecuting his studies in Italy, Mdlle.Dusse, who is referred to in the Italian papers as the greatest actress of their stage, has been appearing at Venice, Milan, Rome aud tho principal cities of the kingdom with great success as Nora ir "A Doll's Houkc." 