LIFE IN LONDON. BY H.W. LUCY THE LADY ALEXANDRA VICTORIA DUFF-A ROYAL CHRISTENING-LORD ROWTON-THE LIFE OF DISRAELI-THE QUEEN AND MR. GLADSTONE-THE PRINCE OF WALES' GARDEN PARTY-THE QUEEN- THE GERMAN EMPEROR-THE PRINCESS OF WALES AND THE EMPRESS OF GERMANY-THE GHOST OF MR. LOWE. WESTMINSTER, JULY 3. A matter of national, not to say Imperial, im- portance has been happily settled. When, some weeks ago, it was announced that the Duchess of Fife had added a great-granddaughter to the far- reaching family of the Queen, the question promptly arose what style and title is the at pre- sent unconscious infant to bear ? As great grand- daughter of the Qneon, granddaughter of the Heir Apparent, daughter of a lady who stood in almost direct heirship to the Throne, the latest comer was surely a Royal Princess. But as daughter of the Duke of Fife, she was not more than other daughters of ducal households who carry the courtesy title of "Lady " It is a lamentable circumstance, a regrettable though explicable oversight, that the authorities had not provided for the contingency. The Lord High Constables aud Earl Marshals of the fifteenth century issued certain ordinances which settled the status of members of the Royal Family and established the order of the precedence of peers. The subject was one that had a fascina- tion for that great monarch James I , whose decrees still prevail. But no one contemplated the appearance of a great-granddaughter, or great- grandson of the reigning sovereign, and thus little Miss Duff's appearance in the royal family circle has been an occasion for much heart-searching relieved by portentious dissertation. It is all happily settled now. The infant has been somewhat over-weighted at the baptismal font by the names of Alexandra Victoria Alberta Edwins Louise, but is mercifully to be known in everyday usage as the Lady Alexandra Victoria Duff. The christening took place in the Chapel Royal, St James's Palace, with the Prince and Princess of Wales as sponsors and the Queen taking a prominent part in a ceremony which she enoys with peculiar ardour .It is mentioned by awestruck chroniclers that when the christening was over the Archbishop, who had received the infant from the Queen, in the hurried perturbation of the moment desired to hand it back to her Majesty. But the Queen knew better than that. She as first godmother had transferred the child to the Archiepiscopal arms at the proper moment; but when the Archbiship had done his duty the infant was to be handed back, not to the first god- mother, but to the second. Perceiving the Arch- bishop's error, the Queen, with great presence of mind, signalled to the Princess of Wales to advance, and she taking the child from the Archbishop averted calamity. It was a deeply impressive scene with a full muster of the Royal Family, including the outlying- pickets represented by the Duke of Teck, Prince Henry of Battenberg, and the Marquis of Lorne. There was rich music, dim religious light, and the Archbishop of Canterbury in his surplice. People moved about with muffled tread, spoke in whispers, and displaced other signs of conscious- ness of the solemnity of the occasion. The only person in the august assembly who was in no wise impressed with her surroundings was the Lady Alexandra Victoria Duff. She plainly cared nothing for the Queen and Empress of India, much less for the Archbishop of Canterbury. When his Grace finally suc- ceeded in transferring his precious charge to the arms of the Princess of Wales, the Lady Alexandra raised an ear-piercing shriek, and when the Queen imprinted a parting kiss on her cheek she wailed just as if she had been born in Seven Dials. This absence of dignity and self-control was a jarring note in the well-ordered ceremonial. At the same time, it was a touch of nature that made the whole nursery world kin to the lusty little Duff, great- granddaughter of the Queen. Amongst the very few persons present not being members of the Royal Family was Lord Bowton. This gentleman was well known in the early man- hood of the present generation as Mr Montagu Corry. " Monty " he was called by his friends, chiefest amongst whom was Mr Disraeli. Monty was Dizzy's private secretary, his inseparable com- panion, and when, in 1880, the smash came and the Conservatives were driven out of office, one of the falling Minister's last acts was to make his still young friend a Peer. When he died he named Lord Rowton one of his executors, and bequeathed to him the task of editing his memoirs. To this end he left some dozen brass-bound boxes filled with miscellaneous papers of priceless interest. Disraeli had a short way with papers, of which, more particularly in the later years of his life, he was careful custodian. He had a series of boxes made, with one always in the library. Into this he crammed any interesting letters or memoranda that reached him in the course of a day. When one box was full it was locked up, added to the earlier store, and another brought in. This was all very well for Mr Disraeli, but for the hapless person entrusted with the duty of editing his memoirs the task is appalling. Since Lord Bosconsfield's deat the world has been anxiously waiting for the expected book, the interest of which should surpass anything that has appeared in the last half-century, but the hope of its appearance is indefinitely deferred. Lord Rowten, sitting on one of the boxes, looks despairingly at the rest, and has prac- tically abandoned intention of grappling with the task. Talking on the subject a year ago, he told me that these boxes were not such treasure- trove for the intending biographer as they looked. They contain little or nothing of Disraeli's own work. "There is," Lord Rowton says, " plenty of material pour servir for the memoirs of other people, letters on all subjects, public and private, from the principal personages in public life. But Lord Beaconsfield kept no copy of his own letters, preserved no diary, nor any memoranda of what he himself did or thought or felt from day to day and from year to year. " So we shall not have the life of Disraeli, at least not from the man who, assuming possession of literary capacity, could do it better than anyone else. The Queen has transferred to Lord Rowton a large measure of the personal favour with which she was wont to look upon his old master and friend. There is no more constant visitor at Windsor Castle than this still young peer, who at the christening was privileged to contribute to the discomfort of the Lady Alexandra Victoria Duff a bottle of water brought all the way from the River Jordan. But though the Queen is faithful to her old friend's friend, neither Lord Rowton nor anyone else can take the place once filled by Mr Disraeli. It is no secret that the Queon "can't abear " Mr Glad- stone. Her efforts to avert his accession to the Pre- miership, when in 1889 he was imperatively called to power by the people, are written in the records of the day. First Lord Hartington was approached with the impossible offer of precedence, then Lord Gran- ville, Mr Gladstone summoned only when these statesmen had plainly intimated that the suggested arrangement was unworkable, and when the growl of the people fresh from the poll was beginning to be heard at the gates of Windsor. Her Majesty was obliged to yield on that occasion, but where she is able to be uncontrolled mistress of her actions, she does not hesitate plainly to show her distaste for the company of the statesman who, more than any other, has helped to make her reign memorable. It has always been the custom for the sovereign, who is assumed to be above party influences, from time to time to invite to Windsor the principal members of the former Cabinet. When, in 1880, Mr. Gladstone came into power, Lord Beaconsfield's customary Saturday to Monday visits to Windsor were not interrupted-were rather increased in frequency. It was the same with some of his colleagues, notably Lord Cross, who has attractions for the Queen to which most persons among his acquaint- ance of less lofty position are not susceptible. Mr Gladstone as Prime Munster, necessarily had a certain number of visits to make, but when he went out of office and absolute necessity did not exist, he was quietly dropped, and Windsor Castle knew him no more. Of his Cabinet of 1880-6 only two members are regular visitors to Windsor when the Queen is in residence. These are Lord Hartington and Mr Chamberlain, who, differing widely in other respects, have this in common-that they are seceders from their old chief, and have been during the past five years the most strenuous opponents to his irresistible and now nearly accomplished return to power. JULY 10. Once a year the jealously-guarded gates of Marlborough House are flung wide open, and the Prince and Princess of Wales are "at home" to a thousand guests. This is the Prince of Wales's garden party, an invitation to which is one of the prizes of the social year. To be invited to Marl- borough House one must be something, if only a personage in society. The Prince of Wales, who is a man of cosmopolitan taste, goes on this par- ticular occasion outside the limits of society into the highways and byways of Literature, Science, Art, and the Drama. The very cream of society is whipped up and brought t0 Marlborough House men of world-wide renown in other fields of com- petition. " Weather permitting, " an invariable condition, the garden party at Marlborough House is always a delightful function. Yesterday it was made more memorable by reason of the presence of the German Emperor and Empress. The Queen always makes a point of coming to town for the garden party, and guests are specially invited to meet her Majesty. Yesterday the terms of invitation were extended, running thus: -" To have the honour of meeting her Majesty the Queen and their Imperial Majesties the German Emperor and the German Empress. The Comptroller of the Household is desired by their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales to invite - to a garden party at Marlboro' House, on Thursday, July 9." The invitations were for half-past 4, and punctually at that hour a brilliant throng began to arrive by the leafy avenue of the Mall. It was a lovely afternoon, and ladies dared to fare forth in daintiest summer dress. All the gowns were new, and most of the wearers beautiful. Looking round the scene, the conviction was borne in upon one that in no equal superficial measurement were there over gathered a larger number of beautiful women. All the famous beauties of the Court were there, including the Duchess of Leinster, Lady Dudley, and the Duchess of Portland. But, beyond these, in never-ending vista, were fresh young girls, and some matrons with names unknown to the outer world, who seemed to realise in the very heart of London the Poet Laureate's dream of fair women. Probably the only badly-dressed woman in the throng was the Queen of England. Those who know her Majesty intimately speak of a certain dignity in her bearing, which atones for some niggardliness on the part of nature. I have seen her in the House of Lords, standing on the steps of the Throne, signalling with a fine gesture of mingled grace and command permission to the crowd of Peers and Peeresses to be seated. Then she looked every inch (there are not many) a Queen. But the fullest excess of loyal feeling could not recognise anything queenly in the bear- ing of the little old lady in rusty black who, with one hand clinging to the arm of her stalwart son, the Prince of Wales, and the other holding a stick, hobbled through the crowd that as she passed bent low before her. The contrast was trying in any circumstance. Here were gathered the most beautiful and best-dressed women in Europe, the fairy colours of their summer dresses shining in the brightness of a July afternoon. Athwart this rainbow of colour there slowly passed the dumpy figure in the dowdy dress, with a large old-fashioned bonnet, its blackness made more funereal by here and there a bunch of white ribbon stuck in, apparently by the hand of the village milliner. But though the Queen of England and Empress of India scarcely vindicated the supremacy of Royalty in the matter of dress and personal appearance, there were two ladies in the Royal circle who held their own against the best that London could muster. These were the Empress of Germany and the Princess of Wales. The Empress created all the more pleasurable sensation as there had, somehow, got abroad an idea that she was a personage of the heavy German type, probably squat in appearance. She is, on the contrary, tall, with a fine figure, a graceful bearing, and a vivacious manner. She wore a silk dress of the palest blue, panelled at one side with a white and gold brocade, with a fichu of fine lace draped upon the bodice and hanging in long lines almost to her feet. As for the Princess of Wales, she is simply a miracle. It is growing near to 30 years since Alexandra from over the sea was welcomed to London as the bride of Prince of Wales. Only the other day she became a grand- mother, to look at her yesterday as she stood smiling and bowing, she seemed scarcely a day older than when she first drove through the streets of London. She was dressed with almost girlish simplicity in a gown of white brocade, with here and there the blue cornflower of the Hohenzollerns peeping forth from its folds. I have heard people who are privileged to enjoy the society of the Prin- cess say she is deplorably dull, a mental condition not improved by increasing deafness. That, how- ever, is the affair of the inner circle. For nous autres, who are permitted only to look upon the Princess, it suffices that she is the perfection of grace and beauty, something pleasant to look upon as a choice flower or a rare gem. When the Queen arrived a procession was formed, her Majesty limping along first leaning heavily on the arm of the Prince of Wales; the Princess of Wales escorted by the German Em- peror, the Duko of Edinburgh following with the Empress on his arm and behind an almost inter- minable procession of Royal Princes and Princesses. The Prince of Wales was on his own territory. He was the host, and might naturally have been supposed to take the lead in every- thing. But imperceptibly, probably uncon- sciously, the Emperor took command, and swelled into the principal personage in the Royal circle. It was he who, when an equerry brought news that the Queen had arrived peremptorily took the hand of the Princess of Wales, placed it within his arm, and marched off to greet her Majesty, the Prince of Wales walking along some paces behind with the Empress. Since he came to Lon- don the Emperor has gone through sufficient to tire out an ordinary man. There have been din- ners, parades, receptions, processions through crowded streets, and a visit to the opera; but the Emperor's constitution is apparently formed of steel. He was as restive and alert yesterday afternoon as if he had come fresh upon the scene from a long period of rest. In this notable gathering, including some of the most famous men in Europe, the young Kaiser was decidedly the most striking personage. It was curious to see him talking to Lord Salisbury, the Premier standing passive whilst the Emperor, with constant quick gesture of his right hand, poured forth a torrent of eager speech. The derivation of the word King has been traced back to the verb Can. The first Kings were men who could do things, and this latest Emperor is a worthy de- scendant. A mere list of the names of notable men present would fill this column. I will mention only two, as they happened to be standing close together, bareheaded, as the Queen went by. One was tall, still straight figure-an old man with white hair, bushy eyebrows, beneath which blinked in the sunlight a pair of curiously pink eyes. His chance companion was a little man with bushy white whiskers and a slightly-hooked nose, who might have been anything from a grocer to a bank clerk. This was Mr. Ralph Disraeli, brother of the statesman who made the lady in black just going by Empress of India. One can detect in Mr. Disraeli's face some resemblance to his illustrious brother. But there visible sign of consanguinity ceases. No one ever accused Mr. Ralph Disraeli of being a genius. By his brother's patronage he was made a clerk in the House of Peers, and for many years drew a comfortable salary without suffering from exhaustive demands upon his mental powers. He has now resigned his office, and lives upon a pension and the glamour that surrounds his name. The other gentleman with the bushy eyebrows and the white hair used to be known to a former generation on your continent as Mr. Robert Lowe. Now he is Viscount Sherbrooke, a poor, broken- down old gentleman, pitiful to look upon by those who remember him in the House of Commons fighting his way against terrible odds into the first rank of statesmanship. His once brilliant mind is now blurred. He was always short-sighted; now all lights are dim to him, and he is led about like a child by the faithful friend and sometime secretary, on whose head he in his old age placed a peeress's coronet. 