[sow nRer PUBLStzED.] Thl L rlictt Was-? A STORY OF NORTH QUEENSLAND -44-- JBy 1Iarolcd M[. Mackenzie, .Auihor of "The Sqluatter's.'Daughter." CHAPTER XVIII.-(Coan?TiED.) " As the crow dies we are about a mile from Pntppuee but bly the road about half a mile nmore. How the horse and rider. cute to the creek behind us is a mystery, for by daylight the track's hard enough to follow. In any case, there the matter tlad's; they got right there." 'The sergeant stood deep in thought fr a few minutes, revolving in his mind this extraordinary circumstance which like many other matters 'of a like sin:racter puzzled himt considerably. " Well, we'd better retrace our steps, Tulloeh, and make a minute examina tiun of the track we've just left." The tronper4 once m.ore turned in the direction from whlenice they came, picking their way carefully over the treacherous ground which from long neglect '.of traffic had become thickly overgrown with a perfect bower of prickly creepers and other noxious lpltnts. The sergeant had had Ituclt experience in cases of a mysterious nature, requiring all the acumen of a tlinld trained to the business, yet here was one whiclt-alo-. gether seemed without the natural data tt go upon." "I cannot dispel the idea from my mi;d,'T'ulloe:., that Liecontbo was carried to that tree wiere the Chinamen found him ; for it seems to mte almost a moral impossibility that his horse could have brought him to the place where we are "In which case, I may presume, you give no credence to Ihe accident theory, thinkint possibly it ttmay have been acase of suicide.." "'More likely one of murder," rejoined .Pophat, regarding Tulloch with a look of determinati ont in hiie face. " "Then what h:as becom:e of the hors'o Surely sonme signs woild have shown' tiheneelves before this. A horse is a more inconvenient article to dispose'of than a ian." "Yes, tlhat's true enough, more especl" ail, a -well-bred quad. like he rode. That kind of Ioron would be noticed anywhere in the colony and suspicion .would natu rally rest with the present owner. No ; I must confess that if it has been a case of foul play the perpetrator has made a very complete job of it. The idea' of ttalking it look like an accident has been very successful. There has been no attempt to conceal anvything and frbon what you've told me tlhe position of: the body looked as if the itead had comer in violent contact with the tree. I, that not sot 1" -Tulloce nodded assent, though -he-was very careful not to launch out into a die cussion in which he knew that his fellow oflicer, from the way he had' of putting questions, might make him -contradict hiimsel i. : Tulloch was young in rears comp.aed to Popham, and with the fiatuialtim petuosity of youth too ready, to ' form hasty conclusions. Latterly, however, under suiclh an ex perienceri hand as Popham. he was learn ing to keep a careful guard on his tongue which above all things was most necessary in the career lie had chosen. . : They lind arrived at the summit of the decline which led steeply to the bank of the creek,,delaying for a time to make a careful survey of the place. " No imprints of hoofs would show on this ground," remarked Popham, looking down at the interwoven mass of under growtth. "If tlihere's been a struggle of any kind there would hbe no chance of seeing where it occurred. .The, hores- may or may not have come as far as this. What do you think T' Tulloch ,thought before speaking then offered a suggestion. "Tlhe horse may have taken fright, trod in'a hole or something- else, pitched his rider where the Chinamen found him and, unable to stop himself, floundered into the stream and been seized by alli. gators." S ' Good enoulgh for -a three volume novel," replied Popham, . laughingly. ;Justh measure the track where we are now,.for we must be ready to answer all questions at the inquest." The young trooper took the measure, ggirvingopham-one end of it whilst he spanned the glade with the tape-line. "' What do you make it ?" " 'Exactly two yards and a quarter." "Well, that doesn't sound much any heow." Trilloclt then wound the line in and re placed if in his pocket. L Its a cursed atwkward place this to find afytihiot even supposing there was a ':cue kickiing about." Thle ferr.s and rank grasses grew in riotous profusion owing to the roof of Sbranches which sheltered lthem from the igoroti sonurays. T' he groind which niourished them was cool and moist to the touch even when I the sun was warmest. The many, piping birds loved this secluded' home, darting in and out: the e olive and'emerald foliage with plumage I as gay and dazzling as had all the colors of a silk factory been scattered through' C the forest. c It was a world of bright sunshine with- t out, and those corners within where the r light stole not seemed almost black by a comparison. "There's nothing more to be done f here, I fancy, and to speak the truth I am considerably disappointed; we'll get I back to the boat." I The sergeant thence moved on in the direction indicated, but had not pro- 1 ceeded far when his eye was suddenly a attracted by an object glittering in the I sunshine not many feet from where he I stood. "Hulloas We're on something at last "-stooping to pick it up--" a little a more and I should have passed you alto. gether, my friend," addressing a hand somely chased silver hunting-flask which a he examined closely. "I declare, there's a small drop of mountain dew still in itl" He poured the contents into a cup attached. " We'll have a drink on it, anyway,and 4 good luck to us." He handed Tulloch a portion of the spirit which he put to his lips. "Good gracious! man, what's -the matter?" seeing that Tulloch pulled a wry face and spat the contents on the ground. 46Matterb eIip tchit' »et Yes I 5rIkj enough of 5i, it would *ill me straight off I haven't lived all these years net to know the taste of drugged liquor." Sergeant Popham at this remark applied his nostrils to the stopper, which immediately convinced him that all was was not right." "Ah ! ha! poison in the "cup, eh ? This looks uncommon queer, to say the least of it. A lucky thing we've got some left for analysis. A stranger thing still," he continued, " the initials en graved on thisarticle rensemble very-much " S.P." What is your opinion 4" Tulloch took the flask and examined the letters in' question, which left "no room for doubt in his mind that they were as stated. . As he handed it back a knowing look overspread his features,;: which the ser geant was not slow in' reading. "This can be the property of no less a' person than our 'worthy young , lord yonder," remarked Popha?. "Yes, that belongs to or did belong to Sybil Prescott, and as far as I know he wasn't in the habit of making expensive presents to Liscombo." ' :: The sergeant laughed to himself. 'KNeither expensive nor inexpensive. The only sort of present Liscombe might havo'received would have been a black eye. , I daresay lie got that." 5',The sergeant was now beginning to be more interested since the" unearthing of this important link in the chain of evi dence which might lead to other and more important results." " There'll have to be an. exhumation of the remains in order to see if there are any traces of poisoning in the stomach," said Popham.. "-That'll be another job for Brook, and not a pleasant one either. No one guessed of such a thing as poison ing or attempted poisoning. This case promises some rather interesting fea tures, and looks very black against Pres. cott. He'll have to give a clear account of how Liscombe came to be in possession of this flask full of drugged whisky. 'Of course, circumstances may have occurred by which Liscombe was the rightful owner of the article but as we have said before it is not likely that Prescott erade' him a present of it." "He mig~ht have; done so," re marked Tulloch, ',,when ait contained poison." "That, my friend, we'll prove, orlI'ns a Dutchman: A ~ian who's',driugged might certainlyhave i an e indination.. to dash 'his brains out:against a tree, and whether Maurice Liscombe's' death . has been that of his owni doing or th work of another this vile':coinpound is indirectly: the. cause." t'Even the.drop ~i hich I swallowed hai made me feel quite queer,", said Tul loch. " Queensland liquor's got: a bad name, but I'm hanged if you, can beat' tat by much." ? = The young officer cast a look of disgust at the flask and 'a tremor went; through his body. . " " And now, lad, we'll gethome as soon as we can," said Popham, carefully secret ing the flash about his person. ? They had reached the memorable tree where the Chinese had made their die= covery in order to make a thorough ex amination of this giant of the forest. The Celestials were lying fast asleep in the bottom of the craft, dreaming per chance of- their early, return ,to the Flowery Land, rich in this 'world's 'goods. . Hi there ! you lazj dogs; wake up. We do all the work while you sleep and dream." In an instant the grinning, sleepy looking creatures had sprung to their oars and were once more ready for' the return journey. " Our day, after all, has been success ful," said Tulloch, as they were sculled down the silent igarape and once more emerged on to the broad, fast-flowing river, all golden-hued in the red light of a setting sun. "Not a word, remember," said the sergeant, when the boat had reached Thornton. The public, however, was soon astir when it learned of the' officers' re turn, but gleaned not a word of what had taken place. CHAPTER XIX. A MaerloanGT VsITOr. Immediately on the retursi of .the police officers to Thornton SergeantPop ham lost no time in making his way to the residence of Dr. Brook in order to hand over the flask and its contents. The small cottage was sitaated about a quarter of a mile from the police bar racks on the Townsville road, surrounded by a pretty garden which was the especial care of Dr. Brook. "Nothing like exercise for the musclee; and digging. is the best way to develop them," he would say when an acquaint ance passed and saw him with shirt sleeves rolled to the elbow. It was almost dark when Sergeant Popham arrived at the small wicket-gate and found Dr. Brook. turning over the black soil. ' " ALh, doctor I Hardatit,as usual, I -see." The jovial doctor immediately saluted Shim with a hearty S"How are you, sergeant? Come in and make yourself at home. Anything : fresh on the wing ?" 'The police officer did as he was bid, and there being little daylight left the a doctor threw down his spade and I sauntered on to the verandah with Pop- I ham. "This is an unexpected pleasure, ser geant. In the first place, you look very dry, and I must confess that my own l throat resembles a lime-kiln more than anything else, so let us have some claret and long sodas." The invitation sounded cool and re- i freshing to the senses, more especially when, as everybody know, Dr. Brook kept imported claret and that good of its 1 sort. "I'll have none of that confounded Colonial rubbish. It's all very well people saying that you got to like it in time, but for my part I never could. Too new and heady, sir. Too new and heady." And as the worthy man uttered these o words he let down a canvas bag from the rafters of the verandah. "Now 1'll be bound you'll get no better wine than this either in or out of the colony." He then proceeded to lift from the cool water a bottle of choice claret known as the Chdteau illargauz. The sergeant looked on, and would have preferred whisky if he had had his choice, but he knew that the doctor eschewed spirits in the Queensland cli mate as he would poison. "Now for some soda-water and a clear apiece, and we'll hear what you've got to say, Popham." The news which the latter was about to impart to Dr. Brook was of so private L~ tars.ea that he turnied instinctively rouns lest anyo~a toigit be lietening.. "We're perfectly safe from eavs droppers, I hope ?" asked Popham. " Yes, my dear air; not a soul within ear-shot except my aged and much respected housekeeper, whose as de`a as a post, poor thing." The sergeant then went into details of the day's doings, which Dr. Brook fol lowed with great interest, more especially when the circumstances in connection with the finding of Prescott's flask were narrated. "So that's the article, is it I" said the doctor, examining the beautifully-chased work and sniffing at the contents. -" I can't say what may be in it, but cer tainly'it hasn't the bouquet of a good genuine whisky. However, in this part of the world that's nothing new. Were all liquors unadulterated, we might con: gratulate ourselves that the millennium had arilved. "And," put in Popham; "less work for the doctors, ehl i". . ?" Quite so ; our-occupatioidi'in a mea sure would be gone. Why,- half the hospitals are kept open by the sale of poisonous liquors. I've about half-a-dozcu cases of delirium tremens in our own small one here. I maintain that hot as this climate is, if people only confined them selves to light wines or, better still, wholesome temperance drinks,they would be as healthy in North Queensland as in any other part of the world." :The doctor after this took a long draught of the claret-and-soda which stood in the socket of his cane-lounge, thinking it was well he had included light wines in the list of harmless beverages. "But this is straying from the ques ticn. You require me to make a careful analysis of the liquor and should any traces of a noxious character be found, to produce a written statement and hand it over." "That's the nature of the business," answered Popham. And, furthermore, should any poison be discovered, to order an exhumation of Liscombe's remains and imake an examination of the sto mach." ' Quite so; the only examination I have yet made has been of the skull, and as far as it goes there is nothing to show how the fracture was made. ' It might have been caused by a blow from a stick, or else have beer the result of accident, ptire and' simple, such as i' fall from a horsl?"' In any case, if there are traces of poisuo inthe whisky I will immedi ately make a thorough examination of the stomach.!'. . '" 'It' looks fishy," said .the, sergeant, " the .flask havingPrescott's monogram on it, and I'm afraid will go very much against him." :The sergeant talked to'the doctor unre stiaitiedly, kniowing that whatever passed -between themn would be kept in. strict secrecy. " You 'are hard at work °getting to gether all- the evidence iii your.power; I suppose ?" ["Yes, and a pretty bisiness it is. At best we ha1e 'onl7 eevidence' of a purely circumstantial nature and that scarcely enough'to:arrestiniyone upon.'' "I'll have to look alive," said the doc tor, "in order to get mine ready by the 18th."' What is your opinion about Pres cott 1" ?The"sargeant for a moment hardly liked to srake'reply to such an outspoken question, stroking his moustache- and gazing into space as was his custom whenever anything of a perplexing character cropped up. After a moment lht made reply: " Well, doctor, either that lie is the most cunning and designing scoundrel, or else innocent of the basest crime that man can be charged with." " Ho'm ! that doesn't tell me much. For my part, I've always had the highest opinion of Prescott, and cannot see what motive there was for getting rid of Lis combe. It's clear that they agreed about as well as a keg of gunpowder and a lighted match, but still there must be a very broad line between bearing ani mosity against a man and doing away with him. No, I can't-believe that Pres cott is the slayer of the Manager of Rap poe." "Remember," said Popham, r "there were' £3500 at stake. " A man don't care about parting withl that when hle thinks he can'see his way clear to retaining it." "Mercenary motives, I am aware, have a good deal to do with the taking of men's lives. In fact, in nine cases out of ten, murders result from that and that alone. Butt to tell me tlhant Prescott did away with Liscombe over a money trans action is more than I can credit." "Well, doctor, hosw do you reconcile that idea in your mined with those docu ments which were found in Li.combe s saddle-pouch ? It appears to me that our young friend had a double reason for dis posing of the manager, though when all's said and done Liscombe was as bad as Prescott, if the death of Dugdale resta on the latter's shoulders. He can only be proceeded against on one charge at a time, and to a certainty the question of ;how Dugdale met his death cannot be an sweredsatisfactoriiy. What we have to prove is whether in view of past circum stances there existed any reason in his mind for killing Liscombe." Great as the impartiality of British I justice may appear in giving prisoners the benefit of a doubt, there very often Sappears ?amongst the detective force an undue and over-anxious desire to find s?omeonegmilty. Detectives, like most other members of a commiunity, have to make their daily bread and at times this necessary com modity is hardly earned, and often too at the risk of their own lives. Still thle fact must remain thatin many I cases their errors of judgment are un pardonable when a mlan is arrested on a charge of which he is wholly innocent. 1 In ther endeavors to earn for them selves praise of the world, handsome re muneration and speedy promotion, thee's is a tendency to oversahoot the mark. Sergeant PI,,hain had had many suc cessful coups, and in tlis particular in- 1 stance comforted himself in the belief that he knew. where to lay hands on the right person. It was past eleven o'ci-ck when Pop ham rose to take his departure. "To-morrowr then, you'll set to work, doctor, and I hope furnish us with some valuable information." After this the trooper sauntered through the trim little garden with its wealth of flowering shrub.- and plants, sending forth their aromatic fragrance on the still itight air. The quiet highway whiirs led through thickly-grown clumps of pandauus palms and bamboos, looked dreary enough as he tramped along, sending up the fine white dust which lay ankle-deep on. the roadway. The sound of his foot-fall on the solid hardwood rafters of the bridge which spanned the river alone broke the calm repose of the small town. The vight was close and almost stilling in its character within doors, so much so that Popham resolved not to retire forth with, knowing full well that little or no sleep would come to refresh him. He according filled himself a pipe of tobacco and stretched himself in a ham mock which occupied a comner of the verandah. He went over again in his mind the events of the day which he felt sure were about to throw strong light on the nature of Maurice Liscombe'e death. If there were traces of poison in the liquor-of which he had not the least doubt-the question must be answered. " Who was to blame ?" There could be little doubt either that" the flask which bore Sybil's monogram was not Liscombe's property. It was midnight. The palms and bamboos were stirred by a gentle breeze which ruffled their feathery tops, the flapping wings of saome. flying-fox as it darted through space, night be heard, or the mournful cry ora jungle-fowl piping until the eastern light would appear. The sergeant was as thoeoughly piac tical in character as a man could well be. No superstitious fancies ever found their way into his clear and far-seeing mind,; though his home in the old country had been associated with all manner of blood curdling legends handed down from gene. ration to generation and believed inl to the letter by the old villagers who were as ignorant as people generally are-born, bred and dying in one spot. " I daresay I should have grown up ex actly the same, had I stayed there," he said to. himself, his thoughts travelling back to the old Lancashire village. "Romance is all very well, but when a man's starving there's devilish little ro mance in him. And that's been my ex Perience before now, and in Australia, too, where they say a min can't starve if he's willing to work. Talk of supersti tion in the old country. It's simply ignorance of the lowest order. Put some of my old chums in the bush for a year or so and they'll soon get all that nonsense knocked out of them." What had led the sergeant into this train of thought, which seldom occurred, was more than he himself could have said. "-My God I there's a ghost I" he sud denly exclaimed, jumping out of the ham mock and gazing steadily at an appari tion which stood motioniless'at the garden gate. ".Am I dreaming I No, sure eniough; I'm awake." . The 'sergeant gave himself a pinch in order tomaloe certai. : At first the sudden appearance of such a sight somewhat startled him, but. in another instant he walked quickly down in the direction of his nocturnal "visitor. ' By heavens, it's Lucy!" he said, be ginning to recognise the well-known fea. tures of the popular bar-maid. ." What on earth can she be doing at this time of night, and alone, too ?" He was right. The figure before him was Lucy Gullem, clad in naught else buti her robe do nuit, and her long raven treses falling in wavy masses about her shoulders and neck. Her eyes were wide open, large, lustrous and black, yet there seemed no whit .of expression there. She was asleep-as sound asleep as if she had never stirred from her "bed. "What the devil shall I do with her ?" the sergeant asked himself, gazing at this Lady MIaqbeth-like visitor. To awaken her he was determined not to, having heard that such a thing might prove fatal, more especially when lie knew the highly nervous state of this girl's temperament. It was the first time in his life that he had ever been confronted by such a sight, and hoped it would be the last. "Well, it's no use standing looking at her all night, though she is nice. l've never before seen hler look so fetching. My word, how the boys would laugh if they only knew of this. Lucy at my house at this hour!" The sergeant smiled at the bare idea of such a thing and congratulated himself on the fact thalt there was io eye witness of the scene. "No one shall hear of it, I'm deter mined, and so the sooner I can get her back to bed the better. Good evening, Lucy, will you give me a whisky and bitters, please ?" The sergeant thought this a good way of opening thie conversation, being about the most natural question hle. could have asked. The girl neither moved nor spoke, but only gazed steadily before her. " I can't stand this much longer. Per haps she'll come inside if I- ask her. Won't you rest yourself a moment; the afternoon is warm ?" " Thlankyou, if you'll keep secret nlwhat I'm about to nay.", Popham took her hand in his and led her upto the verandah. ': 1 won't come any further," she re marked; " I'm pressed for time. In fact, it'.s past ten now, but I had to come. I could not rest till I told you." "Calm yourself, Lucy, and tell me all. You may rely uposi me keeping every thing to myself." "Ah I sergeant, in you, perhaps, I have miy one and only friend. People may call themselves rny friends, but I know better. Can a bar-maid hobe a friend of anyone's Look what slr has to go Sthrough, the people she must smile at Iand pretend to like. Ah! the whole Sthing is simiply a burlesque from begin I ning to end. But in yoe, sergeant, I know that I can put my trust." The girl 'put out her hand, glittering r with many precious stones of a doubtful f character, which Popham held gently. r "And now for my story. I couldn't I sleep to-night when I went to bed, with a this dreadful weight on my mind, so dressed myself and came up here." Thie sergeant gazed down at the em- a broidered robe of tlte somnambulist and smiled at the idea. " I knew that the body of Maurice i Liscombe would be found sooner or blater. ' Murder will out' is a true saying, and has proved so in -this case. I I have come here to give you some strong t evidence which will bring that man to justice." " Who is that man 1" Lucy at this question went off into a I high-pitched scream of laughter, de moniacal and unnatural in sound. " How can you ask that question ?" 1 she said when she had recovered her I composure. " Why, Sybil Prescott is a Liscombe's murderer. Oh! don't look surprised. The word sounds harsh a enough, doesn't it? Nevertheless, it's true. Aye, as true as ever a thing was iri this life." The sergeant heeded not the statement i made by the woman in her present state, yet withal there was an irresistible fasci- I nation to listen to all she had to say. "To bring Sybil Prescott to justice is t my purpose. Those documents which I tell so much against him are as nothing beside what I have seen with my own ( eyes. " I know their contents, but how I know them don't ask me. There was a t flask belonging to Prescott which, if it were recovered, would prove something that he might not like. That flask was given to Liscombe the night when herode to his death." " What did it contain ?" asked the ser geant. "It contained poison. Sybil Prescott has poisoned that man. I know it. Ahl I a'woman was not given her reasoning for nothing. I told Maurice of this-told him to pour every drop of it away, as something said within me all was not I right. I heard someone in the bar this evening talking about drugged liquor, so I perhaps people may know more about the matter than we suppose. Why should Prescott give that man who now lies in his grave a flask of whisky to drink ? A thing that lie has never in his life done before. The reason is not hard to guess. You kniow as much as I do about both of them. I will say rio more. Kniow this= sergeant, that tie blood of Lieconmbe is on that young tnmant's :hands.,: Arrest him without 'delay . and., give. hitn his deserts.'" - LUcy' by this time had wouni herself up to anu unnatural pitch uof excitement, so much so" that':Poplhani beganh to fear that site would awakeuimi' Notso, however. She' still held bn' ith her iriisbling aind at'times incolherent aecouit off what she wished the'solic officer to believe. , MIaitiice Liscombe waas kind to:me, though I never liked him. I loved another; loved him dearly. But what use was-it?. Ho was already an engaged men. How handsome, how noble "I thought he was. He could'never be mine. All has happened for the best. My life would have been linked with that of a murderer's, for he was none other than Sybil Prescott. Thank God for it. I have had a narrow escape. Time is going; I must get home again. Will you walk as far as the gate I feel relieved now since I have told you what I know. How else could Maurice have been killed unless as I have said by poison? W'hat will a man not do when he is in an unconscious state and has suicidal tendencies like he had ? Alh the thought is horrible, heor rible. horrible !" ,As she uttered the words she moved 'slowly .down the steps, beckoning Pop .ham to follow. At. theo gate she w.hispered iit Iis S"Remember, let no one know what I have told you." " 'In' another instant she had vanished through the daikness along the shadowy road. Popham watched her out of sight, wondering to himself strange things, then turned to go inside and if possible Bleep it oil. \- Evidence coming in this fashion is darned strange. Someone or another will have a hot time of it.." Soon the eyes of the trooper closed in sleep aid for the time he was quite obli vious that there had ever lived such a per son as Maurice Liscombe. CHAPTER XX. ?.E A.RREST? " Sybil Julian Prescott, I arrest you for'the wilful murder of one Maurice Lis combe !" Such were the wordeuttered a few days after by Sergeant Popham. Words which were enough to have struck terror into the heart of the hardest of criminals; but with Sybil, though grim enough when pronounced in the sergeant's stentorian voice, taken little heed of. The scene of thearrest was the verandah of Sybil's house ar Rappoe. As was custonfary, now that Maurice Liscombo wee no more, lie and Roycroft would often take an alfresco breakfast on the broad, shady verandah. Wnilst par taking of coffee, rolls and loscious tropic fruits the eye could be refreshed with the bright emerald foliage of the cane-fields, all glisteniig and cool-looking under the first rays of an early sun. How many times had thley sat there, talking of all manner of things, and not the least of them many and many a time before discussed in all its bearings, this case of which Sybil now formed the cen tral figure. It is a well known thing among the police that often an arrest is made in one quarter in order that another party of whom they have suspicion may be thrown offhis guard. With criminals, as a rule, when their evil instincts prompt them to commit a crime their conduct is oftentimes marked in after actions by folly and cowardice, though previously they had had enough courage to carry out their designs. What gladder tidings can be carried to the ears of any law-transgressor than to hear that for the crime of whicl he alone is guilty another and an innocent man has been arrested? . He gloats and chutckles to himself at the idea of such a thing and would willingly go and see him suffer the last penalty of the law rather than raise a finger to save him. Hie little dreams that by assuming such an air of nonchalapce he is really prepar ing for himself that noose which he had so fondly calculated was waiting for another. The police areready tonote everything that he may say or do. They shadow him day and niiglt, watching him when he leasts suspects; aye, and even talk and drink with him. They ply him with whiaky,rand learn much tnat otherwise he would have fearedt to touch upon in his sober moments. At length, by a word let slip, by a something however trivial it may At appear to the general public, he incrimi- ac nates himself. In an instant the iron a bands encircle his wrists. Hoe is a pri- S9 soner, and no one more astonished than at himself. Had Sergcalst Popham arrested Sybil i in order to make the arrest of another more certain ? at No one could say. As an officer who na knew what his duty was nobody ques- ne tioned for a moment. ISr The case was in his hands for solution, di and the first step towards bringing the a! slayer of Liocombe to justice had been ei taken. hi The public would look on and follow each stage of the proceedings with that w voracious appetite for supping upon horrors which is so characteristic of the average law-court lounger. Though the inquest had been fixed for cI a certain date, it was necessary to post- as pone it for a week later in order that the witnesses might have due notice and that It any further evidence forthcoming might P also be obfained. 9 "Will there be no time to write a o letter or settle other matters ?" inquired o Sybil as Popham and Tulloch stood before tt his chair. "I've much to say that I ci should like. Could you give me an hour. " " Very sorry to say, sair, that we can't. L Our orders are to take you without delay a to Thornton. No doubt you'll be able to n do any business there that you may re quire. There'll be a clear week before the inquest, during which you'll have O plenty of time to yourself." A grim smile overspread Sybil's face at the thoughts of that wearyweekbefore d him. And who could say, perhaps, how a many weary weeks there might not 6 be after that, supposing they found him guilty ? As ]uoycroft.heard the stem older of Sergeant Popham, he drew Sybil aside, scarcely able to articulate clearly the comforting words which he wished to say. With an effort, however, he mastered himself. "Bear up, old boy; the crisis has come t at last, You show nothing of what you c feel ; were you to do so, perhaps,.you would appear less plucky than you really are. I'll have the horses saddled without delay, and we'll ride to Thornton under escort." SIIis last words woer almost spoken in a jocular manner, as he ran down the steps I and took a path in the direction of the 1 stables. , Whilst Roycroft was absent, Sybil and I the troopers remained beside the break fast table. H? d these stern guardians of the law been off duty they would readily have ac cepted the light wines and cigars which Sybil so kindly offered. : As it was, however, they could ac cept nothing, and, in fact, spoke hardly at all. - Tlheywere stolid as Sphinxes, looking steadily before them over the waving cane-tops, bending to the morning breeze with a sad, mournful sound likSf the waves of the sea. And this world of sunshine, this broad, far- stretching panorama of heavenly lights and glowing colors in which merry birds piped their songs and dusky savages laughed and ievelled,was to be exchanged for the dark, unwholesome atmosphere of a felon's dungeon. Sybil thought of this as his eye roamed at will across the familiar landscape fmr away towards that frowning fortress-like rock .of Grazebrook; where poor CaChris tine watched and hoped for his re turn. Ah I cruel enough he thought iii all, but easy to bear were she not made to suffer on his account.. This was a.thought, sharp as an arrow entering his side, which maddened him to dwell upon. " "Why should she be made to suffer?" he kept repeating to himself. And then his eye was suddenly at tracted by the ornamental hilt of Pop ham's revplver, protruding from its case. Flight never enterel his mind, and he even smiled to himself atthe idea of such a weapon being carried on his account. Though his rooms were bristling with fire-arms of all descoriptions, no thought of ever carrying one in self-defence had ever occurred to him. "I wouldn't shoot a dog if I could help it," he had often said when stories of "nigger-potting," as it is familiarly termed, were told him by another. "Some, no doubt," he thought, " would have taken to the bush immediately when they had known there was a chance of being arrested, cramming as many shoot ing irons iand daggers into their belt as would terrify a host. I see nothing in it, as ten chances to one the capture would have been effected all the same. These troopers shoot straight, which is not always the case with those who carry most weapons of defence. Besides, what have I to escape from? God and my conscience tell me what is right, and that's enough." By this time Roycroft had brought up I the horses which Sybil and lhe were going to ride to the township. How fresh and well-conditioned they appeared in the bright morning light, turning their heads in the direction df their comfortable loose-boxes, from whence came the neighing of stable companions. All these every-day trifles were now taken note of by Sybil as he sat in moody silence. \- Most, no doubt, have experienced the same when, perhaps, for the last time i they are looking at some well known scene in which everything, be it small or great, leaves an impression long to be remembered when years have rolled their cou'se.I ' Shall I be permitted to accompany Mr. Prescott " asked Roycroft of the sergeant as they were making prepara tions for the start. "By all means. No doubt your ser Svices will be of use to the prisoner. He Smay have messages to send." How harsh the word prisoner sounded to the earn of the ,young fellows, Sthough a common enough one with Pop ham. I "Then we're all ready. Tolloch, 'do you take up the rear whilst I ride in Sfront. Remember, Mr. Presmott, this is Smore as a matter of form than anything Selse. We have no fear that you will try Sto escape." Sybil had been arreated so quietly that Sscarcely anyone on the plantation was aware of it. "The quartette were riding down one of Sthe quiet cane-glades, whence came the sharp ring of knives ar.d joyous refrain of : the islanders, as the long bamboos fell in Sheaps ready for garnering. SThey little dreamed. that their master was being hurried forward to answer questions before a tribunal on so hideous as chargc.-(To lc cLoninued.) VW ' 