MACARTHUR district. NAPIER TO TARRONE BURNED. TWO HUNDRED MILES OF COUNTRY DESOLATED. Hardly had the embers that laid waste the Arrandoovong, Violet Creek, Brisbane Hill, Monivae and Cape Wrath runs grown cold, before another, of vaster extent and greater fierceness, arose. Strangely enough it sprung into being but a very short dis tance from the spot where the ghost of the other was laid. When the former conflagra- tion raged on the Cape Wrath ran, every possible effort was made to keep the flames from crossing the Mt. Napier road. It was felt that once across that road the fire would rage for weeks in the ferns and undergrowth of the stones. The very thing that was feared and struggled against then was the first that happened now, and the stones country below Moyne Falls is all ablaze. The fire originated on the Mount Napier run, only a few hundred yards south of the homestead, and not one mile distant from the spot where the last fire was checked. It is generally allowed by those on the station that the fire started just where some phosphorised wheat had been laid for the rabbits. For the dis tance of half-a-mile the flames only burned a strip of grass, that could not have been more than 100 yards wide, but from the moment it left the Mount Napier run and got into Mr. Kerr's property it spread on both sides. Carried along by the north wind it pursued a southerly course, and for some time was kept in check on its west side by the Mount Napier road, but this was only temporary for an old tree on the track caught fire, and the sparks were soon carried into Mrs. Reid's paddocks on the other side of the road. The mischief was really done then, for the flames soon swept into Harton Hills run, and the burning of the stones country was beyond the power of man to turn aside. Following the course of the flames on the right, Mr. Kerr was the first to suffer after the destroyer swept out of Mount Napier. Every blade of grass he had was destroyed. This is MR. KERR'S STATEMENT : 'Yes," he said, "All my place is burned. The whole 6,000 acres of it. There is nothing but burned wood left. The fences are only a little bit damaged though I had a job to save my house, and as it was burned by the fire three years ago I was afraid; but you see it is all sound now. I haven't lost many sheep, for they are not so easy to burn as some people think. They may have got singed a bit, but not a great deal. The fire started on Friday about 3 o'clock in the afternoon and it was down on us in no time. As fast as a horse could gallop the flames travelled, and a man who rode all he knew to get home and warn his people of the danger, found that the fire arrived as soon as he did. All my fences to the west are gone, and Cameron of Breakfast Creek, Huf and Patman of Glenburn, as well as D. Robert son and Best have all had everything de stroyed but their homesteads. In fact the whole strip of country between tbe Mount Napier and the Macarthur roads has been burned up. Mr Kerr continued, "You know this country round here was a dense forest at one time, and more like an over grown fruit garden than anything else, but the fires have gradually thinned it out into pretty open country." Leaving Mr Kerr's, the course of the fire was followed through the Harton Hills run. It burned both sides of the Mount Napier road, but scarcely singed a blade of grass on the highway. Miles in front rose a pillar of smoke that grew darker in aspect and wider in dimensions as it was neared. It told its own tale. The stones country was alight and this was the offering from the green undergrowth. The smoke grows denser round the Harton Hills head station, for there are brush fences burning in every direction, and the flames have swept almost to the doors of Mr. Philip's residence. There was a great battle there to save the buildings, including the woolshed, also the Council Chambers, belonging to the Minha- mite Shire. How hard the battle was can be seen by the mark of where tbe destroyer was checked. At Harton Hills the course of the element swerved a little to the west ward and made wild sport of a thick brush fence on the road to the Moyne Falls station. The country around there is heavily timbered and the grass high, so the flames held high revel, indeed they were holding high revel, for all around was one mass of flames. Trees by the hundreds were ablaze, sad, dense as the smoke was, it could not hide tbe grandeur of the scene, in which there was something not only of discomfort, but also of danger, for the smoke was painful to the eyes and the road led straight towards a pillar of fire that stood out in bold relief near where the Moyne Falls road joins the stones. It Is the trunk of a tree fully twenty feet in height, and ten feet in girth that is nothing hot one solid incandescent mass. It was a marvellous sight, and what made it even more wonderful was that there was not a crack or a fissure in it. Once In the stones country, the scene almost beggars descrip tion, and resembles all that has been said and written of Black Thursday. Kangaroos, partly burned, rushed In their horror straight Into the flames; the locusts dropped in hun- dreds; curlews, bewildered, stood still and let the fire burn them where they stood; and rabbits and hares ran hither and thither in their fright until they too suffered cremation. Many such incidents pass and are forgotten, for it becomes a question whether or not your special reporter can get clear of the flames which advance on both sides. The matter is only in.doubt for five minutes and then a bend in the road : makes all safe. In that short interval of time the heat from the fires has been in- intense and the smoke almost suffocating. Two miles from the stones is the Moyne Falls head station, which is reached just as the flames get into the brush fence by the woolshed. The wind shifted a point or two from the northward towards the north-west just past the wool-: shed and the head station. The drafting- yards and the dip were destroyed, and the flames swept down into the Woodlands station which also adjoins Rose Park and . Harton Hills, and the fire came in from alI quarters. Mr M'master's statement of how the fire came on him is singularly graphic, and so it is given in his own words. He said: "The fire got down to us about 1 o'clock on Sunday. I had been . expecting it, and-ploughed a furrow or two round the homestead, so as to keep it off. It very soon ran through about 6,000 acres of good grass, but I think the damage ends there. I lost no sheep for I was forewarned, and I mustered them all on the tanks and bare ground. I have lost a lot of fencing, however, I can't say how many miles, but it's all crippled. The station buildings were just threatened when the rain came and stopped it, and it was none too soon, for many of the men were almost suffocated with the heat and smoke, and they had to put their hats over their mouths to save their lives. From my paddocks the fire broke away into Tarrone,. and a narrow streak of .it went down near the homestead and burned the bridge over the Moyne River, but then went out of its own account." It is now necessary to turn back to that branch of the fire that got away to the south and west of Kerr's holding. Everything Mr. Trigger had but his home was burned, and a similar fate met Mr. Patman, whose property lies in the corner made by the bend of the Macarthur and Penshurst roads. Hence the conflagration raged through Breakfast Greek, which it literally cleared of everything, including the woolshed, which was burned early on Sunday morning. After that Ormandy's farm suffered and the flames travelled down close to Macarthur, where the further progress was stayed by the people of Macarthur, who turned out in great numbers. The township was saved, but the course of the flames changed a little with the wind, and the holdings of Mr. Munt, Mr. Robertson and Mr. Best were swept of every blade of grass, but the homes and stacks in these, as in most other cases, were saved. Tbe fire was now running along the Kirkstsll and Macarthur road and Hurst's acres took fire, on both sides of tbe road. On tbe mnrth side it panned a course from Mr. Hurst's into Mr Baulch's Glengleeson run, which was quite burned out. The homestead caught fire but it was put out, and the wood-heap nearby was ignited six times, but was eventually quenched. It took all the unceasing efforts of 15 men to save the buildings. Some hundred or two sheep are burned and 5000 acres of grass reduced to ashes. It is only across the road from Glengleeson into Dunmore, and a spark or two soon started the trouble there; the grass was high, and 15,000 acres of it soon vanished in smoke. Some old huts were destroyed, but none of any value. Dunmore was first on the defensive about two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and the enemy waa held in check until evening, when it got away again, and from there spread into the property of the president of the Minhamite Shire Council. MR. DELAHUNTY SAYS: I was busy keeping the Dunmore fire in check at the road by the Paradise dam, and was pretty successful until the wind freshened and my own place was alight in no time. Abont 500 acres were burned. I had abont 2000 sheep on the land, and of those 800 or 900 are destroyed. They are lyiog abont everywhere crippled and dead. I have had my eyes injured by the flames and smoke, and can barely see a yard In front of me, but it can't be helped, although my luck might turn. I have been here since 1869 and have now been burned out six times, but I never suffered so much loss as this. All my hay, 55 tons, 900 bnshels of oats, 40 bags of peas, horse works, chaff cutter, machinery, everything I had in the world, has gone." Rose Park, on the opposite side of the road from Mr. Delahunty's, was also fired from Dunmore, and about 3,000 acres of grass, the shearing-sheds, wool-sheds and fences were swallowed up in the flames; but the old homestead, which stands on a little eminence by itself, was not destroyed, nor was the Rose Park school, though the grass was burned right to its very door step. Tbe fire made from Rose Park into Woodlands, as has been previously mentioned, so the narrative will continue from Mr.Delahnnty's farm, which the flames forsook for tbe Tarrone run and headed away through about 1,000 acres of grass-land towards the Orford to Kirkstll road, which runs through the Tarrone station past the Sandy Camp dam. This was a very anxious moment for a great number, because be yond the Orford road were farmers innumer able, and it was evident that once the flames got amongst them the loss and misery would be immense. Everyone was wishing that the rain that threatened would come. Dis tant peals of thunder had been heard for some time and just as fervently as Wellington at Waterloo prayed for Blucher or night, so did those people fighting for their homes and for their lives pray for rain. Just as Wellington's prayer was rewarded by the smoke of the Prussian guns appearing on his left, so were the Orford people blessed by the falling of the rain. Drop, drop. It came in great big spots at first and a small shower fell. The effect was instantaneous. The fire stopped as if by magic. No general that cried Halt ! upon the battle field ever met such ready obedience to his command as those fires gave to the first drop of rain. At the moment when it seemed impossible to stop the progress of the flames and it appeared as if they must burn to the coast, the arch enemy of the destroyer spoke and laid it low. "Driving over the country that has been destroyed, it is soon ascertained that the gen eral loss has been grass. Few buildings have been burned and not more than 2,000 sheep have been destroyed altogether. A great many have been injured a little, but will re cover, but probably the number stated will cover the entire loss in killed and crippled. Along every road from Tarrone to Mac arthur, all sorts of breeds and brands of sheep are straying almost hopelessly mixed. About 10 per cent, of all that were noticed had been more or less injured. In addition to those already mentioned the farms of Messrs. T. and E. Porter, Sharrock, Falkenburg, Buckle, H. Hill, Watson and Gaynor hare also suffered. 