THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. DISCUSSION ON KEY U. II. SPURGEON. In the Anglican Synod yesterday the Pri mate took the chair yesterday at 4.45 p.m. In reply to Mr. E. J. H. Kuapp, the president stated that he was unable to state how manv ruiriwhfvq t.luit w«ra unable to afford to give their iucunibents over £300 a year aud a parsonage received aid last year from the Church .Society or St. IMiilip'a Glcbei aud what was tho total amount of such aid. superannuation fund. After some discussion it was resolved, on tho motion of the Rev. Dr. Corlette, seconded by Rev. A. Yarnold — That n select committee bo appointed to consider and report upon tho possibility and expediency of promoting the constitution of one common clergy superannuation fund for alt the dioceses iu the pro vince of New South Wales, with power to confer with representatives of other dioceaes on this sub ject; the committee to consist of the Revs. Canon jLing, W. Hough, E. C. Bock, J. Dixon, Mr. J. Vickery, Captain Dcaue, Mr. R. Hills, Mr. J. Kent and tho mover. the consecration" of bishops. Rev. Canon King moved — Whereas this synod accepted determination No. 1 of the General Synod containing rules for tho con firmation and conseerutlon of bishops on the under standing that the power thereby conferred upon the bishops was Intended merely as a possible safeguard against the admlssiou to the episcopal office of per sons to whoso consecration there might be reason able grounds of objection, by reasonable objections being understood, to use the language of the Primate of that day, "such objections as could bo made or sustained against the moral character or heretical teaching of the candidate," and whereas recent events have proved that the determinatiml nfore- suid is susceptible, from the vagueness of its Inn- gunge, of n much wider interpretation, this synod respectfully requests the General Synod at its next session to so amend the determination that its meaning, as originally explained and accepted, may be inade clear and unmistakable. The motion was seconded by Rev. F. Boyee, and after discussion, on the motion ot Rev. A. W. Pain, the original motion was rejected and tho following amendment carried : — That the General Synod be requested to amend determination No. 1, Session 1872, so as to make it harmonise with subsequent legislation, and specially fo ns to make It clear what objections to the confir mation of the election or nomination of any person as bishop may be held to be valid. imi'roved glebes. On the motion of Canon King, seconded by Rev. F.B. Boyce, the following resolution was carried after discussion : That it be referred to tho standing committee to consider and report to the synod at its next session whether, in the ease of parishes, of which the glebes have been improved in accordance with the provi sions of the Church Act (8 Win. iv. Chap. 5), the trusts laid down in clause 21 of that Act for the general benefit of the Church havo beeu and are being carried into effect. the rev. o. n. spurgeon. Rev. John Vauouan moved — That the synod of the diocese of Sydney, now in session assembled, desires to express its heartfelt sympathy with the Rev. Charles Haddnn Spurgcon, pastor of the Metropolitan Tabernacle, London, in consequence of his prolonged and serious illness, and earnestly prays that the Great Jlead of the Church may graciously restore him to health, that lie may continue his important work. He spoke in earnest terms of the services done to the Church of Christ by the Rev. (J. JI. Spurgeon, a man who had wielded an enormous influence for good, had faithfully served his Muster, had established all man ner of charities and whose mime was honored and revered all the world over. He was a true Christian and an earnest, successful minister, who lmd been instrumental in doing a large amount of good. It would be a graceful and a brotherly act if t lie synod would pass the resolution. It must be re membered that during his severe illness Mr. I Spurgeon had been visited by the Archbishop . ot Canterbury and had received letters of I sympathy from royalty and from all classes | of tlie community. Mr. Spurgeon lmd done I lion's service in the Church of Christ. The motion was seconded by Rev. .1. G. Southuy, who also bore testimony to tlie | worth of Mr. Spurgeon. Rev. I). K. KVans-Joxf.s, of Granville, I opposed tlie motion on the grounds that Mr. | .Spurgeon had been guilty of the sin of : schism, which must be regarded as a grievous one. It must bo remembered that this man who was ill, ami lie was sorry for it, had violated the law of theO hurch in that he had proved himself a schismatic. Mr. S. A. Stul'HKN, M.L.O., said that they were not there to listen to a lecture on the law of schism. Rev. (j. F. Garnsey said that the matter of the law of schism was one of the funda mental doctrines of the Church. Rev. D. K. Evans-Junes argued that ac cording to the constitution of the Church of England those communities which separated themselves from its pale could not be recog nised nor their acts looked upon as valid. All so-called ministers of such communities could not be recognised. Mr. Spurgeon was a schismatic — (dissent) — and he as a faithful member of the Church of England was con vinced that the great enemy of souls had never devised anything worse than the sin of schism. Why should they express sympathy with this man any more than with "the men who lmd suffered through the explosion on board H.M.S. Cordelia? It was true that this man was a distinguished teacher, but'ho was a teachei1 of a false doctrine and a schis matic who had always shown himself hostile to tho Church of England. There was no public man of any eminence who had spoken in such severe terms of the Church of Eng land, which was the only true catholic Church. The resolution 'hoped that Mr. Spurgeon might be spared "that he may continue his important work." At the com mencement of each sitting of the session they prayed to he delivered "from all false doc trine, heresy and schism," and by passing the motion proposed they must support the great work of schism. How could they pray for this man. one who was living in a slate of ftjiostftcy from the faith and schism from the Church ? The President took exception to the words "apostaey from the iaith" ami re gretted that they had been used. Mr. W. Crane deplored what had been said. Clergymen of the Church of England were supposed to be teachers of charity. The words which had been used were not iu accordance with the words of the Great Master, who sympathised with all classes of the great human family. The words which had been used were a reflection on the Arch bishop of Canterbury, who was the recog nised head of the Anglican Church, tlie Bishop of Rochester and several members of the royal family. Mr. Spurgeon had an ex- ! pmisive charity, which was evidently greater than that of some members of the Church of England. He had felt distressed at the words which had fallen from the lips of Mr. Evans-.loncs, and he considered that such re marks never should be made by a minister of the Church of England. Mr. «T. Plummek moved the previous ques tion and hoped the matter would be allowed to drop. Rev. Dr. Cort.ette seconded tlie motion. Ho regarded all these resolutions as merely Haunting flags. Rev. F. B. Boyce regretted tho words used by Mr. Evan .Touch. He regarded Rev. (A It. Spurgeon as one of the greatest and most useful of modern Christians— one whose sermons and work had been felt all the world over, whose writings were more widely read than those of anyotherinun living, and whose name was honored by all true men. Mr. .Spurgeon was a member of the Baptist Church, but it must also be remembered that ho was a member of the Church of Christ, which, to his mind, was to be considered be fore the Church of England. St. Paul, a greater than Mr. Spurgeon, had said, "Grace be with all them who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity." The Archbishop of Canterbury had done a graceful thing in visiting Mr. Spurgeon — an action which would do much towards what all true Chris- tions desired, the bringing various denomi nations together. Rev, C. F. Garnsey said that he was sorry Mr. Spurgeon was ill, and sympathised with him in his sickness, but as a faithful member of the Church of England lie objected to the words in tho resolution " that he may con tinue his important work." That work, he maintained, was totally at variance with tlie doctrines of the Holy Catholic Church, as Mr. Spurgeon did not work on correct and orthodox: lines, in fact he continued to state the Gospel improperly, inasmuch as his teaching mos at variancewith the prayer- book. The President hoped the debate would close. Surely they had hail enough of Mr. Spurgeon. They all felt sympathy with a distinguished minister, but some of them did not like the manner in which Air. Vaughan had put it. After some further talk the words " that bo may continue his important work " were omitted, and the resolution was carried with but two notable dissentients. general business. After long discussion the following motions were carried : — Proposed by Mr. J. J. Farr — Tlmt in the opinion of this synod it is desirable that power should be given to ileal with disorganised parishes, tho matter to be left in tlie hands of tlie Btanding committee. On the motion of Air. James Green the Bynod assessment of St. Michael's Church, Surry-hills, was referred to the standing committee. On the motion of Air. James Vickkry — Attention having hern called in tho quinquennial report of trustees of the clergy superannuation fund to the fact that certain members havo neglected or refused to pay tho .subscriptions required under tho ordinances of 1865 and 1839, this synod resolves that the matter be referred to the standing committee for consideration, and report to tho next session of synod. On the motion of Air. W. H. Rowset.l seconded by Air. J. Plummer— That this synod requests the standing committee to give early attention to tho report of the com- mittee re administering the alTalis of diocesan lundB | from a central office or registry. j Ou themutkmof Rev. J. D. Langley — I That a select, committee lie appointed to report ! upon tho elnirch parochial schools at present iu the » diocese, am! to take such ael ion as may he considered | desirable for the promotion of Church of England primary education. That such committee consist of , the following members :— Kuvs. Canon Keuunls, A. j W. Fain, C. K. Garnsey, A. G. Stoddart. Messrs. It. Iiills, F. W. Uther, E. I. itobson, J. W. Burt and the mover. On the motion of Mr. John Kent, seconded by Rev. F. J>. Boyce— That the Bland ing eonunitt.ee ho requested to con sider the proposal, alluded to in the Most Reverend the IMniato's opening address, nnd the Church of England should appoint dslegutes to the yoposed council of the churches, and take such act ieu with regard thereto ns may appear to thy; committee desirable. close of the session. The President, in bringing the sittings of the synod to a close, alludcu very brictly to tho sympathy he felt with tho work being done in connection with St. Paul's College and tho need that in the future more atten tion should be paid to the careful drawing up of ordinances. He commended the members of the synod to tho guidance of the Holy Ghost, the comforter, and prayed that they all would be strengthened to do their work as good stewards of tlie manifold work of God. The usual votes of thanks to the Bishop, the secretaries and the pronouncing of tnc benediction brought the proceedings to a elose. 