CURRENT TOPICS. It is to be regretted that Messrs. Nicholson and Lybaght are to be opposed in connec tion with tho Illawarra election. According to a telegram, Messrs. Campbell and Mit- chell have announced that they are candi dates. Their conduct is greatly to be con demned, and it may he hoped'1 that the voters generally are of this opinion. It was through no fault of their own that Messrs. Nioholson and Lysaqht were unseated. They contested tho election fairly, nnd they received an absolute mujority of the votes that were re corded. Even if the people at Bulli who, it is alleged, wero prevented, in conse- quonco of the exhaustion of bullot papers, from recording their votes had aupported .Mr. Campbell, or any other of tlie unsuc- ccBsiul candidates, Mr, Lysaght would still havo been elected. As for Mr. Nicholson, he had an overwhelming majority. With respect to tho forthcoming election some of the local labor leagues have taken a proper oourse ; although they are of the opinion that two labor candidates could be re turned they havo decided to ruu Mr. Nicholson only. Their conduct is worthy of the highest commendation, for it proves that they possess a thoroughly chivalrous and honorable spirit. It is a pity that Messrs. Campbell and Mitchell do not appear to bu the subjects of a similar feeling. The latter, we should imagine, lias not the ghost of a cbunco of being pleated. He, iudeed, was ono of the representatives of the district in the lust Parliament, but the poople lost confidence in him. One of their reasons for selecting him was because they believed tiiat if .he was successful in forming a syndicate in England for the manufacture of' iron in New South Wales the company would establish iron works in Illawarra. Since his return from the old country a few weeks ago, however, he has conveyed that there is very little iron ore of superior quality in the district, and, naturally, the people feel that lie deceived them by tlie many addresses he delivered on tho prospective iron industry. They may be expected therefore to express resentment in a very decided manner if he persists.in his candidature. Mr. Camp bell possesses intelligence and respecta- b lity, and having resided in Illawarra for many years it may be assumed that he is Weil acquainted with itB requirements ; but politically he is of no account. He is a pro. tectionlst who believes in Paukks. At any rate that was the impression he produced by his speeches during the late general election. Neither free-truders nor pro tectionists should therefore ; support him. But even if he were a thoroughly consistent politician his candida ture should not, for the main reason we havo given, bo favored. Messrs. Nicholson and Lysaout have claims on the electors that should not be ignored, and we trust they will be returned by very large majorities. The Minister for Works informed several deputations on Tuesday that the road votes for the present year are exhausted, and that the country is not in as good u position to give money for roads now as it was two years ago. This does not agree with the Bplendid description of the condition of tho Treasury giveti by Air. M'Millan just bofore his retirement from office, und by Mr. Young when ho laBt appeared before the electors of tho Hastiugs and Manning. Both of these gentlemen Baid that the Con solidated Revenue was in a flourishing state, and that at the end of tlie year there would be a surplns of about half a million in con- neetion with the transactions of the 12 months. If tho revenue will be so much in excess of the expenditure, as- the Minister for Works and tho ox-TrcaBurer represented it would be, the Government is certainly in a better position now to spend money on the publio roads thau it was two years ago, when Mr, M'Millan admitted that he could make the revenue meet the expenditure only by re- garding the outlay on the Centennial Park as cash received by, instead of paid out of, the Treasury. On several occasions we have shown that the Consolidated Revenue Fund is in a bad way, and that therefore Mr. M'Millan's statements were to be taken with a grain of salt ; wo proved that thero has not been a genuine surplus in the Treasury Binoe the present Government came into office, and that the defioit for this year will probably be larger than that of either of the two previous years ; and what Mr. Young has said confirms our assertions. By-the-bye, out of last year's surplus (?) the Government made a special grant of £150, U00 for roads. Tho free-trade press professed to beliove that that was a genuine grant, and that tho money would bo oxpended. As, however, there was no surplus there could not bo a grant, and consequently after the Trea surer had finished his gasconading nothing more was heard about tho subject. Not only has not this money been ex pended on the roadB, but these im portant publio works havo been less liberally dealt with in the ordinary way this year than in some previous years. It is a long time since the roads havobeon in a worse condition than they arc in at present ; but, according to the Minister for Works, nothing further can bo done to improve them this year. The poople ought to rise up in admira tion of a Government that performs its duties in Buch a wonderful manner ! And they should give a testimonial to the ex-Treasurer for his exceeding great generosity in niakiug a special grant of £150,000 out of la6t year's surplus for tho improvement of the publiu itaadfll | 