1~oveitt. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL, BY .IVAN DEXTER. Author of '0 Mount Macedon Mystery," &c.;, &cc.; r[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. FROM Prison to Parliament. CHAPTER VIII.-(CONTINUED.) As settlement increased, the squatters fell back and opened up fresh country for flocks and herds, until to-day the Station and its Homestead is to be found in Cen tral Australia. What right-minded man can grudge these hardy pioneers or their descendants the reward of their labours and their dan gers ? In 1849 one of the finest stations in Victoria was located about two hundred miles-no small distance in those days fro-n Melbourne, in a north-westerly di rection. A fine river ran through the property, on a high bank of which stood the homestead, a commodious wooden structure, from which a fine view of the winding river could be obtained as it swept away in the distance like a silver streak. The country around was slightly undu lating, and well adapted for pasture land. About thirty miles away the blue outlines of the Grampians, from which the river derived its source, could be plainly seen. There were ample signs of life around. In different directions men were engaged in various occupations pertaining to sta tion life, whilst inside the house unusual bustle was apparent, as if something more than ordinary was taking place. It was not difficult, after a glance in side, to judge from the number of trunks and boxes which stood around, that a journey was at the bottom of ihe com motion, for indeed Mr, Mrs and Miss Rut land were on the morrow's dawn to leave fore Melbourne, where the squatter's wife and daughter usually spent the summer, so that they might escape the heat of their inland residence. This noble property was, in fact, owned by Mr Rutland, to whom we have already introduced the reader. The day after the election proceedings in Melbourne he had left for his station, in which district he had been nominated for a seat in the new parliament, and, being a man of great local influen'ce, it was probable that he would be elected without opposition. He was not at all anxious about the re sult, and instead of remaining until the day of nomination, he decided to return to town with his wife and daughter. The three were now sitting in the par lour, which did duty as the drawing-room, discussing various little household matters which had.to be arranged before their de parture. Mrs Rutland was a woman apparently about forty-five years of age, with a sin gularly resigned, though sweet expression of countenance. Her hair was much grayer than her years seemed to warrant, and a strange pathetic look occasionally stole into her blue eyes, especially when regarding her husband. Her daughter, who looked about twenty five, although not classically handsome, had one of those interesting faces which attract every beholder. With her mother's blue eyes she possessed a contour of face which spoke of sweetness and good na ture, whilst her complexion was more suited to the softness of an English clim ate than to the dessicating influence of an Australian summer. Her figure, though alight, was perfectly formed, and an in tellectual head did not mar her attractive ness. "Did you see Mr Dacre in town, father 2"she asked, after a few moments silence. "No, my child. - I did not meet him this time, and I believe he had not arrived in Melbourne before I left. In fact; I was so busy that I did not enquire at his club." "I suppose the elections were engaging people's attention in the city," said Mrs Rutland,. "Yes; there was a good deal of elec tioneering going on, and, do you know, Nellie, .I heard a candidate speak, whom I am sure I.have met* somewhere before, although I do not know where. The man has haunted me ever since," he laughingly added. 'One meets so many people as they go through life that it ie impossible to re member every face," rejoined his wife. "Yes, true; but there are times when strange meetings take place between peo ple which, from noapparent cause, leave an impression that can never be effaced. When I looked into that man's face I could have sworn that he has somehow come across my life." "Don't allow such foolish fancies to take possession of your mind, my dear," said his wife, looking anxiously at him. "Never mind your ghost, but help us to fix up things for our summer vacation." The conversation ended here, and next morning the squatter's party departed on their wearisome journey to Melbourne in a lumbering old vehicle-a cross between a stage coach and a dray. After a week's journey they were safely located in a snug mansion in the aristo cratic suburb of Toorak, where the new governor had just taken up his residence. Those were the days when even the wealthy squatter had to travel by means which the poorest persons in the colony who can find money to travel at all, that is-would now turn up their noses at. In fact, the present generation has al most everything superior to what their fathers and mothers had. CHAPTER IX. THE FIRST GENERAL ELECTION. The approaching general election was the one great topic of interest, for upon its results depended to a great extent the future of the infant colony. No class, apart from that of the squat ters, was more interested in the result than the miners, who then constituted the democratic leaven in the body politic in the absence of manufacturing opera" tives, and a general labouring element. The old miner was, in thos'e days, a very different man to his confrere of the pre sent in Victoria. Each man then fought with, and for, his own hand for prizes in Dame Fortune's lucky bag. The mining being chiefly alluvial, and shallow sinking at that, thel necessity for costly and expensive plant, such as pumping and winding gear, did not exist, and small " co-operative " were then the only companies known. It was the pre-limited liability era, the introduction of which, whilst it has done so much to develop mining asan industry, and is, with deep alluvial or quartz and their adjuncts almost a necessity, has un doubtedly done much to lower the char acter and status of the miner, by reducing him to the level of a mere wages man. The existence of go'd in the matrix was of course known, but the quartz miner had notyet been evolved, or that industry established.in the colony. It was in emure than one respect the Heroic Age of the infant nation. The discovery of gold had attracted to its shores men of all classes, professions, and callings. Co-operative parties would often count amongst their number many of the liberal professions; men of high culture, but of no distinct calling, work ing side by side with the artizan and the mere laborer. Upon the diggings, birth and culture per se had f3r the nonce to give place to mere physical prowess, the chicanery of commerce aid the quibbles of the law to courage and endurance of hardships, the unionism of vested interests and the esprit de corps of professions to the rude doctrine of the survival of the fittest, then and there interpreted in Nature's strong hold by the boldest and most ener getic, This close contact of classes, hitherto unknown to the conservative Briton, had its results. It evoked a mutual respect he of the educated brain for the developed thews and sinews of his ruder comrade the proud possessor and erstwhile admirer of mere brute strength for the before un known or despised intellectual powers. The day's work in the drive, the shaft, or at the windlass did the one; the even. ing's conversation round the camp fire the other. It did for the Briton that which the sweeping army conscription under the first Napoleon, with its mixture of classes did for the French nation, in the better tone afforded by'the removal of artificial barriers to ability and enterprise. With out lowering the- one it raised the other class. Henceforth in Victoria the working man was proud of himself and his work. As in the old Napoleonic days every con script felt that he-even he- carried In his knapsack the baton of' a future Field Marshal of France, so did that veritable soldier of fortune; the gold digger, see in the swag which bore his wegpons-the pick and the prospecting dish-the means wherewith to conquer adverse fortune, and acquire boundless wealth. The close contact of men drawn from every clime, and working upon one demo cratic plan, conferred yet another favor upon this antipodean population, forit materially assisted to break down the nar row insularism of its dominant composi tion-the Briton. Here he saw and worked with, and upon equal terms, men belonging to races and nations hitherto to him nion existant. At night he slept in a tent, whosenar row boundaries perhaps housed the Cor nishman and he of the Erzegebirge, the Staffordshire collier and the equally canny Frankforter Jew~, the Kerry peasant, with his ever present wrongs, and the Pole with his equally limited linen and his national grievance. Outside, and thronging the thorough fares, were an equally motley crowd. The stolid Mongolian, with his "pidgin " English, and his yet retained Canton effiuvium, the supple :wild-eyed Malay, theeasy going and odoriferous Neg·ro; and last,i thouglnot least in aroma, those natives of the 's.il - the Australian black. ; Here, and here alone, hlie saw that true cosmopolitan, Signora Fortune, bestow her favors with impartial hand upon man kihd, irrespective of race, creed, nation ality:or color. :. This development of character ias to a large exteint to be seen, and had already made itSelf felt in the capital of the colony, as well as in the mining centrcs, for many of the successful, as well as that great Inajority- the unsuccessful- had located there;, and engaged in every variety of occupation. It was to these then that the existing liberal institutions which Victoria enjoys, is, in the main, due. It was to the ex ample thus afforded that her sister settle ments owe their comparatively limited democratic institutions, and to this leaven that old England herself is indebted for that democratic innovation-the Ballot Box. It was this class who, recognising Ed ward Inverness as the avowed exponent of their views, were his chief supporters in the coming election. The conservative party included, as a matter of course; the squatting element, and those who so materially depended on that industry, the banking and mer cantile section, together with, and as a matter of course, wherever great specula tive operations afford pickings, the para sitic army of non producers, and that vaguely defined class, the commission agents. As everywhere, where liberal institu tions are to be opposed, were the largeand -owing to their wealth and homogenmty -influential members of the "Tribes," who had located in Melbourne, guided by the unerring instinct of their race, to share in the wealth which-necessarily where hastily and easily acquired, and by unaccustomed acquirers-easily flows, thus affording an easy prey to all who live on the follies and weaknesses of their fellow men or women. Much bitterness and feeling was intro duced into the struggle by both parties, for it was evident that the personnel of the parliament would, to a large extent, determinei , the future governimbnt of the colony, whetner upon" conservative or democratic lines. And thus it happened that Inverness was the liberal candidate for the electoral district of Bunyip, his conservative oppon ent being a gentleman of the Hebrew per suasion, and - say it not in Gath, still less in Toorak-of classic Roundsditch ex traction. The Solymans were of an old and East ern stock, more than hinted at by the younger and less discreet members as be ing lineal descendants of the ;Queen of Sheba notoriety, and still retaining the ancient renidition of the name of the egal "knowing one." Be that as it may,. it was known that the candidate was of an old colonial stock in New South Wales, where his father had located for reasons especially his own, in the early days, and before the present form of assisted emmigration was in vogue. Ezra Solyman was much respected in Melbourne. by a certain class, for he was wealthy, and gave good dinners to other wealthy men, 'was largely interested in squatting pursuits, a staunch conservative, a blatant loyalist, and a firm upholder of law and order. The family carr:age-should it not rather be chariot-had been ordered from Englan'd, and much curiosity was evinced as to the heraldic insignia which, in com mnon with the majority of these colonial equipages, the panels would bear. Some kind friends privately, and to select audience, suggested the figure of a slave, whose shackles (not sl.ekels) were being rem6ved by another figure, sup posed to represent the earlier and parent al Solymans, whose love of liberty was thus to be, portrayed, the legendary ad dendum being the suggestive one "Free by Sereituvde," thereby showing that the love of freedom had not degenerated into license, but was tempered by justice, as seen in the earning power of the " freed one." Some sneering people did certainly sugest family arms similar to those of the great Medici, and in the fornn of three golden balls, which averuncular emblem, the older member of the family, had erected before his Houndsditch place of business, andbeforethe causes eventuated which occasioned his settlement in New South Wales, and his change of profes sion. Rumour, with her thousand tongues, had many things to say about everybody in those days, but. every one of her tongues was silenced in society regarding Ezra Solyman, for was not he one of the wealth lest men-and in hard cash too-in the city. Out of society, and in Bunyip especially matters were different, and Edward Inver ness was at all the meetings held priur t' the election undoubtedly the popu lar favourite, whilst Solyman's career and conduct was traversed in 'no gentle fashion. It is not our purpose to describe the election which, whilst wanting in many of the humorous and picturesque incidents so common at that period on similar oc casions .in the old country, had a com parative absence of the coarse brutality and drunkenness so often attached to contested elections, It differed, too, in the intense interest taken in the result by all classes, and in the absence of all that has contributed to make "Old Sarum" a bye word and a reproach amongst even its manji rotten boroiugha in the domain of British poli tics. Suffice it, that although the conservative party in the main were successful, owing chiefly 'to the results of the county elec tions, -yetin the capital, as in the great mining centres, their opponents wont the great majority of the seats, one of which was Bunyip, which returned by a large majority that staunch liberal Inverness. Great was the chagrin of Ezra Solyman a?nd his Semitic and other followers, and that night there was. lamentation in the halls. of Toorak. Rutland was also re. turned unoppdsed to the new parlia. ment. CHAPTER X. GOOSSIP. : The morning' after the elections Rut. land was walking down Collins Street, re. ceiving the congratulations of his friends and acquaintances, when he met the bucolic Elton, who warmly greeted him; expressing the wish that he would soon become the Premier of the rising young Colony. '' Now, my old friend," said Rutland, "we are living at Toorak, and will be glad to see you and Mrs Elton. My wife and daughter are up to their eyes in dissipa tion. They are great .favcurites at Go vernment House, you must know," he added with a laugh, which scarcely con cealed the pomposity with which the fact was announced. " Yes," said his friend, "my wife hears like most women, though how she manages it I don't know, that Miss Rutland is uni versally admired, and that two of her beaux's are at daggers drawn, owing to her charms. Without knowing the truth of the matter, but having some knowledge of the sex, I told my old woman that I should certainly back the titled one's chance against the squatter-a prospec tive coronet against a cabbage tree hat, eh! old fellow ?" And the speaker gave his companion a playful prod in the ribs as he concluded. "You're alluding, Elton, to the atten-. tions paid my daughter by the Honorable Augustus Fitzjames," replied Rutland. "You are well informed, for between our selves the aide de camp does seem smit ten. As for young Dacres he has no show. My wife is well inclined towards him, and so far as he is concerned, apart from the son-in-law notion, I like the young fellow, but at that point I must jib. I needn't tell a squatter the value of good blood, and you must agree with me, old fellow, that the ' Honorable' is, as the women folk say, the most eligible." "Bosh !" brusquely replied Elton, as, turning round, he took his, friend in a familiar manner by the button hole; " plain old John Rutland to come out with that cant. Why do you or I want to force our way into the crooked paths and unsavory ways of so-called society. If they marry one of us the sprigs of the aristocracy do it entirely for our money. By heavens I they are wise, too, in their day and generation, for though as you say we may want blood, they for the most part require something more valuable; and they get it from us in brains and cash, and then patronise us into the bargain. Forgive me for thus speaking, Rutland, but from what I can hear young Fitzjames is a good looking puppy, and only dangles after your daughter because old Jack Rut land is the richest squatter in the colony. My wife and I like the little girl as if she were our. own daughter, for when our dear girl died, Jack, your Mary, whilst up at the homestead, took her place in.my poor wife's heart. Let the girl follow the dictates of her own heart in the mat ter." " You must have a queer idea of me, Elton, to imagine that I would coerce Mary to marry any man against her own wishes, but I can tell you as a fact, patent to everybody, that she returns Fitzjames' affection, and apart from motives of am bition, natural and proper as they are, she loves the aide de catmp, and would marry him, however humble his station. As to his being heir to a title, no oltjection can possibly be raised on that score. I'm afraid, Elton, you've imbibed some of those levelling notions. which will, if en couraged, ruin this fine country by driv ing every man of wealth and ability away from it. and in spite of the high falutin of Inverness, which seems to have infected even a level-headed fellow like you, wil undo all that nature lias done for us. However, you will have an oppurtnnity of judging for yourself in the matter of the match, for you are bound to see the sprig of nobility, as you call him, when you favor us with a call. He is in and out often enough, goodness knows," ad ded Rutland with a quiet chuckle. "' The wife is but an invalid now, but she will strain a po!nt to see our little _Mary. It will, perhaps, brighten thle old woman up. You may depend upon our giving you an early call," and, with a hearty handshake, the friends parted. CHAPTER XI. "Hang the old fool with his 'blood,'" mused Elton, as he strolled away. "It's a schoolmaster thley want up at the Billa bong to teach the J's.P. to read and write. I suppose the next thing will be, he'll suggest my mounting a stove pipe hat in lieu of the "cabbage tree," and the worthy squatter gave a grunt expressive of derision at the idea, for, like the ina jority of the colonials of that day, he held that adjunct of an effete civilization-the "belltopper," as a mark of effeminacy and degeneration, fit only to be worn by that uncounted item-the rather des pised new chum. Thus soliloquising, the old man was startled by a hearty slap on the back, and turning wrathfully round, his face re sumed its normnal, beaming good-hunmored aspect, as he beheld the bestower of the salute. "So it's you, Dacres, you young dog, frightening a year's growth out of me. Your unexpected 'back block' saluta. tion raised that Nemesis--an accusing conscience-for I thought it was a police man, and visions of long forgotten moon light 'duffing' raids, or 'mistaken' brands at shearing time arose. Ha! ha I ha i does that strike home, Charley, as it would to so many of us ? Now, my boy, no excuses, you must come with me to our hotel and see the wife, You know you are her favorite, so much so that I atm a bit jealous. You will be just in time for dinner, and it will be a God send for us old folks. We do not see many whom we knowv down here, neither do we feel to have much in common with the great city's 'madding crowd.' ' "' You must excuse me this time, Elton, I've a prior engagement, which I was on my way to keep when I saw you, and for a wonder, too, in a brown study," said Dacres. The speaker was a splendid specimen of that-in many respects-distinct branch of the Anglo-Saxon family, the young Australian. Fully six feet in height, with adequate breadth of shoulders, there was an absence of that superabundant adi pose tissue-as the medical student has it-so often seen in the young Eiglish man, and there was not the angularity so typical of the American of the same age.-To be Continued. PP 4 