, -CFN WITH THE FIGURES. .? : ???-;; ,. No. 126. ? Bt The Flaneub. FiGUBEa are in the air. At one time figures were associated wibh brain.- wearying misery, and I thought I had struck a delicate vein o£ sarcasm in coupling them with such a word as ' Fnn.' In a late London exchange, however, I find an article headed 'The Fascination of the Figures,' and judging by the popularity of our own column alone I am inclined to look upon that as a most appro priate term. The article in question starts oil by telling of a celebrated living statesman who has such a marvellous mastery over figures that it ??[ ' was happily said of. him that he aet the multipli- , caticn table to music. This is a feat of figures worth recording. Statistics are proverbially dull, and if any public speaker vehemently longs to plague, torment, and worry an audience, and cover himself with defeat, oae way is sure to suc ? ceed — let .him ply them with stale statistics and ; fusty fact3 in figures. ; . This was a favourite trick of shrewd old Joe Biggar. Whenever he wished to clear the House he used to pile a Blue Mountain heap of Blue-books ? on the table before him and then deliberately pro ceed to quote miles of statistics, until the horror stricken 'Com aioners' picked up their feet and scurried off the same as if- taey had just knocked up against the ghost of Guy Fawkea. Jawbone Neiid should cut; out this par., for now that he has entered the political arena again it may save him » a heap of wind and trouble. We also learn that about three years ago a Ger man figure fiend had a fir, and the result of his attack is set forth ia the Netjesth Nachrichten He wanted to kaow how many minute3 had passed since the beginning of the Christian Era to the end of 1888. The answer will oae msucprise niaiy, asil liard mmutea have not passed. 1888 multiplied by 365 equals 689,120 days, to which must be added 460 leap days, making a total of 689,580 days, which contain 16,549,920 hours or 992,995,200 minutes, that is 7,00i,800 minutes Ies3 than a milliard. We will reach the milliard of minutes on April 28th, 19G2, at 10.40 a.m. May we all be alive and happy to enjoy the fun thab day. It is some consolation, however, to know that ?; fcatre is some limitation to the devilry of a figure fiead. Dr. Lagny, a well-known writer on algebra, j and a member of the Academy of Sciences, assures us that the most skilful computer could not in less than a month find, within a unit, the cube root of 696,536,483,318,640,035,073,611,037. To accom plish this feat would be a month's ' hard ' with vengeance. And whenever one of John Haynes's I 'respectable drunks' come3 up for sentence the compulsory working out of that cube root might teach him the benefit of sobriety quite as much as a * Salvation Army lecture. Another algebraic abhlete, Dr. Yaughan, of Cin cinnati, has figut ed out that the light which flows from the sun is hotter than even an electioneering campaign. To make a terrestrial light equal to t that of the sun, we would require to burn every day 200 lumps of tallow, each lump as big as the earth itself. In case our enttjrprising and philan' thropic Gas Co. ever wishes to wipe the sun out it will therefore cause quits a boom in the tallow i chandler's business ; but that is a matter which is by no means imminent just now. By way of throwing a little light on our pro gramme No. 123 I may remark that the solutions stand thus :— So. 1— The amounts are Is and lid or 11s and Id. No. 2— Rate per cent, is .£2 2-49 fchs. No. 3— £10 5a 8d. ', Correct workings have been received from Alpha ; T. P., Ashfield ; Boz ; J. D. M. 5 W. W., Eedfern ; Bertha C, East Maitl&nd; (believe you are correct; will refer problem to sender) ; Frank K., Penrith; T. K., Grafton ; G. W., St. Kildaj Babbage ; R. G. W., Balmain ; Pupil ; Emma J. Waverley, and','cParuell' (glad to hear from you' Mr. P., and, if rumour is true, will expect a chunk of wedding cake to dream on). J; Will J. O. M. pleaae send working of his clerk's day-book mistake problem and oblige ? J. T. B.'s request was attended to, but net Seeing any mani festo put forward, was withdrawn. To-clay's ' Fascination' is started by J. D. M ? No. 1 : — ' A messenger having been sent to town' i for 8 gallons of whiskey, bringing with him for that purpose r- 5-gft!lon jar and a 3-gallon jar, meets a men returning with 8 gallons of whiskey. The I latter said vh&t; he had all the whiskey in towaj I but proffered 4 gallons if the messenger could j measure same with the jara he possessed. How could it be dono ?' :? Ho. 2, from Alpha:— ?' A quantity of oro con' taining 23 per cent, of copper is bought at 9s a hundred weight; 95 per cent, of the copper ia extracted at the cost of 23 lOJd per hundred weight of ore. Find the price per ton al which the copper must bo sold if a profit of 15 per cent, is to be made.' And No. 3, from Babbage, ends this week's fas cinating Fun : — ' An annuity of .£3675 per annum for five yeara is to be discharged by a single payment at the end of the third year. Compound interest at 5 per cent, per annum is to be paid on the first two instalments overdue, and discount at the same rate (compound interest) is to be deducted from the instalment. Find the payment.' 