SAFE AT LAST. CHAPTER XIV (Continued.) • Polly shuddered. "You have saved me," she cried softly. "I can never thank you enough." "Wait till we are out of danger. We have heaps of difficulties to face you know nothing of." " I will pray for help," Polly murmured. Myra made no answer. Silently, with bated breath, the two girls crept through the long grass. They found -the cart, aB Myra had predicted. With great dexterity she hoisted Polly in, mounted the seat, and the next minute they were flying swiftly along the deserted lane to Moreton, the opposite direction to Nestley, leaving Count Jura stretched still senseless on the ground, with the Darrell jewels beside him. CHAPTER XV. Valerie Boss gazed with moody brow after the retreating horsemen. She had played a dangerous game, and was not yet out of the maze. What if Roy should meet Count Jura ? Or if Polly should see Boy, and scream ? She grew pale and then laughed. It was absurd; 8he was growing a coward. Had not Jura sworn he would start at once for Italy ? And was she not free for ever of the sight of the beautiful girlish face of her rival and the dark sinister one of her brother ? She mounted the staircase and made her way to Lady Darrell's room. Here, she felt, she had one secure friend and ally. Pride would trample all other feelings under foot. Lady Darrell received her quietly, yet affectionately. She was prostrated by the blow that had fallen on Darrell Castle, and, though she made no sign to Valerie, by the knowledge of the grief her son was suffering. Unlike Valerie had anticipated, she did not judge Polly harshly, but even thought of her kindly, and could not dispel a vague feeling that the poor young wife was in danger somewhere. Meanwhile, Boy and Frank Meredith rode on quickly; both were silent. Hope was glowing in Boy'B breast; the news that Polly had evidently carried away the cards with Frank's address on them was as a ray of light in the grim darkness. They seemed to teach the ruins on wings, so swiftly did they ride. "You know the place well," Boy remarked with half a smile, as Frank eagerly pushed his horse on in the nearest path; " though I have lived at the Castle all my life, I never visited the ruins till the other day." " They have, a strange fascination for me," Frank answered with a laugh. •' Does no one ever come here ?" Boy Bhook his head. " No; the villagers shun the Abbey, they say it is haunted. Even the owner never comes, but I fancy it is not fear of ghosts, but spectres of sorrow that keep him away." " Well, it is gloomy enough for anything," Frank exclaimed,as they reined in their horses, and gazed at the wreck of what had once been a noble pileof masonry. "I muBt confess I think Geoffrey has fallen on the wrong track this time, for wen burglars would shun it; and supposing they did think of it as a hiding-place, what part could they choose ? It is all so exposed." Boy gazed round with a strange thrill at his heart; the vision of Polly's sweet fair face, with the wondrous eyes and trembling lips, rose before him, and seemed to plead for help. Frank Meredith must be right; she had not wronged bim, her hnsband. She was wronged herself perhaps in danger. He turned hurriedly to Frank, with his face white to his lips. " Something tells me here," he said in a low voice, " that you are in the right. I have a vagup presentiment that she is in danger. What shall we do? It is terrible to think of." " Let ns ride round to the other Bide, Frank said soothingly. They moved on over the thick grass and weeds, and glanced from side to side, but nothing met their gaze save desolation and decay. Suddenly, with an exclamation, Frank slipped from his horse, and picked up something that lay on the grass. " What is itf" exclaimed Boy, alert at once. "A sovereign!" Frank held it up. "That proves conclusively that someone has been here. Of course it may be a stray visitor, end not the men we chased; yet you say no person ever comes here?" "So the tradition runs," answered (S Boy, taking the gold coin, a fluBhmounting to his cheek. "This looks like a due, Mr. Meredith." "It does indeed. Frank handed his rein to the earl, and peered abont. "I can see no hole or corner even where they could hide," he said, after a few minutes' search. " Shall we return ?" "It is useless staying longer," Boy said with disappointment; then his brow cleared. "We will oome to-night and watch. What do you say ?" " An excellent {flan; by then Geoffrey will hare brought the detectives." He mounted his horse again, and they rode slowly back on to the path. "I.suppose it is the animal instinct within me," Frank said suddenly, " but I feel convinced that the robbery at the Castle and the attempted robbery last night at the Grange were all one plot, and I strongly suspect that foreign count is in it, Lord DarrelL" "It seems incredible," began Boy; then he stopped. " vVho are 'these men coming towards us ?" he added hurriedly. Frank looked for an instant, and then with an exclammation spurred his horse on. "It is Geoftrev and the detectives. How quick he has been!" The earl drew rein and waited till the riding party approached him. Geoffrey Armistead he knew; but the tall whitehaired stranger on his left he did not, nor the three others who rode behind. " You have travelled on winga," Geoffrey," exclaimed Frank Meredith shaking his friend'6 hand. " I did not go to sleep, certainly," returned Mr. Armistead, greeting the earl, " and I have worked to some good, too. Frank, our suspicions were coirect. There is a gang of the most notorious burglars somewhere about here. I have brought down Mr. Newton, the celebrated detective, who has been -seeking their whereabouts for some timer* "They've just fairly puzzled me," spoke a keen-faced man from the three behind; " but I think we have got them now." " But let me introduce yon, Lord Darrell, to an old friend, Sir Humphrey Dnrant, whom I have met abroad many times, and whose name, doubtless, is familiar to you,-" added 'Geoffrey Armistead. Boy grasped the hand the white-haired stranger held out. " It is a name I have heard all my life. Welcome back once more tc your own, Sir Humphrey! My mother will be glad to see you again." "Thanks, Lord Darrell," answered Sir Humphrey quietly. "Life is very strange indeed. I was travelling to NeBtley as quickly as trains would bring me, when chance flung into my path my friend, Mr. Armistead. From him I learnt of the robbery at the Castle, the attempted robbery at the Grange, and the suspicion that the burglars bad taken refuge in the Abbey ruins, my inheritance. Mr. Aroiietead'a only fesr was that the Abbey offered them actually no protection, but I have informed him of the truth—that it is indeed the very home for such a crew." "Go on! go on!" cried Boy with flashing eyes. Sir Humphrey gazed at 'him with a strange expression. " Lord Darrell," he said quickly, " I wish to ask you a question; these gentlemen will give me one moment'-e grace if I draw you aside." Frank and Geoffrey bowed. The old man and Lord Darrell moved apart a few steps. " Boy Darrell," said Sir Humphrey, " you have lost more than diamonds in this robbery, have you not ?" Boy bit his lip. " Yes," he said huskily. " I have lost my wife." " One other <question, and I have done. Was that wife precious to you, or did you regard her coldly ?" " When I married her, my heart was not mine to give, but since my return here, only one abort week,' I lore her with all my life, she is to me the moBt precious jewel earth can hold." The old man put out hie hand silently, and Boy grasped it, his face bearing witness to the heart-felt earnestness of his words. "I thank you for this," said Sir Humphrey, speaking as if with difficulty* "You look surprised—as, indeed, you may. I will tell you all in full afterwards. To be brief now, I will simply say that the girl you have married is no low-born farmer's niece, but the child I sought for many years—the child of my dead son, FuLke Durant. My granddaughter is heiresB to all I poBsees." Boy passed his hand over his brow. Your granddaughter !" he repeated blankly. " I thought—the world thought you had no kith or kin." " As T have thought for many a dreary day. But, come, we must return to the others. You shall know all later on. I was on my way to Darrell Castle, to make myself known to the child of my beloved •on, when I learnt the sad news of her abduction—for abduction it must be-y and once again I am compelled to wait and hope." " We will work together to find her," exclaimed Boy eagerly. " And now tell me—you saj they could findnests here ?" "Indeed they can," Sir Humphrey answered as they joined the others again. " Beneath the ruins are a series of vaults, some good, large, and airy. There, if we search well, we shall discover our birds, I doubt not." Geoffrey Armistead motioned the detectives on. They each produced a revolver. " Now, remember, if we meet anyone, endeavour to seize him without, hurt. W-e do not want to shed bJosd unnecessarily." Sir Humphrey dismounted from his hone. " How many years since I have stood here?" he said musingly. "Itrecalls "the boyish days when I played at knights with my cousins and brothers—all dead now—all dead!" He stood still for one moment, then led the way round till he halted at the very spot where Frank had picked up the sovereign. This coin was already handed over to the care of Mr. Newton. Sir Humphrey peered about, then looked up. " Here is the door," he Baid, pointing to a piece of stone that seemingly lay on the turf where it had fallen; it leads to the vaults. Come, I will lead yon." " Not yon," cried Boy. " I am young, and he " " Beg pardon, gents; but if you will permit me, as an officer of the law, I must go first." Mr. Newton took up his position, and both Sir Humphrey and Lord Darrell fell back. The two detectives, at their chiefs orders, lifted the stone. To their snrprise they found it rolled over as lightly as possible, and the Way was clear. Boy shuddered as he glanced down the dark passage. Was she, the woman he loved, entombed there? Frank Meredith pushed forward, but Geoffrey Armistead held him back. "Not so fast, Frank. You remain here with Sir Humphrey and Darrell." The detectives, headed by Mr. Newton, crept down the steps and groped their way. Geoffrey Armistead went after them. " Remain round here," he said hurriedly to the others, " in case of an escape." Boy flung himself off his horse, and even as he did BO, a confused Bound -came from the vaults. With wild excitement he approached the entrance. He heard Mr. Newton's voice utter, deep and loud, "Surrender!" He heard muffled sounds of men struggling, loud exclamations, the report of a revolver shot, and then a woman's shriek. His heart stood still, and he fled down the steps, Sir Humphrey, with a face as white as his hair, following, while Frank endeavoured to quiet the horses that were tethered together. Geoffrey Armistead pushed Boy back. " Out in the air!" he said excitedly. They are fighting hard; but we have got them, I think." " But she! Good God! she -screamed —did you not hear her? She is hurt. Let me go!" Boy panted. " Back, I say," Geoffrey said bluntly; " there is no one there but a man, a boy, and an old woman; it was &he; who screamed—I swear I am speaking the truth. Ah, here comes Newton.; lend a hand." Scarce knowing what he did, Boy grasped a struggling arm. He dimly saw a man's form held by Newton and Geoffrey; bis eye was wandering over the other two prisoners that were led out. Geoffrey was right. A youth came first, white and trembling, then an old woman, whose coarse face looked ghastly with its fear; her hands were linked together, but she was pouring out cries for mercy, all of which fell on deaf ears. Geoffrey Armistead and the detectives struggled with the man and succeeded in forcing him on to his knees; then after some little difficulty they put the handouffs over his wrists and let him free. Boy gazed at bim eagerly; his heart fell. It was not Jura. " Let me search," he said eagerly. " We have searched, my lord, 1 ' Baid the detective civilly; " (his is all at present." "Only let me go and I'll tell all," screamed Dame Burden. "Oh, kind gentlemen, good kind gentlemen, ihave mercy—let me go. I am a poor harmless woman." She held out her hands, and Boy, glancing nt them, caught them in his. " You were right," he cried to Frank; " the .diamonds are here, for she wears one—see! Then " his voice failed. The old woman tried to snatch back her hand. "You answer my questions," and Geoffrey Armistead advanced to the old woman, drew his pistol, and pointed it. at her head. "Where is the young lady who was brought here two days ago ? Answer quickly—the truth, or— w Mrs. Burden turned green with fear. " I will speak—I will speak." She went away with George; and oh, sir, I swear it—I tried to help, and give her a sovereign—on my honour I did!" Boy and Frank exchanged glances. "Where have they gone?" continued Geoffrey. " Yes, speak," broke in Sir Humphrey hoarsely. " To furrin' parts—I think to Italy.'! Boy turned and mounted his horse. " Where are you going ?'' eagerly asked Frank. "To trace them down," answered Boy madly. Geoffrey put his hand on the rein. " Can you say nothing ?"- he said to the prisoner who had struggledBO hard. Paul Boss lifted his eyes and glared at the speaker, but made no answer. "Do nothing, Lord Darrell, till we have questioned them further. Now on to Nestley Gaol," commanded Geoffrey firmly. (To be. continued.) 