RANDOM PAPERS. I By Quivis. If. a-' LIGHTS OF OTHER DAYS. I satin these degenerate days we do not like to be preached at, and even the stupidest of us can invent brilliant excuses for not going to church. But sometimes the preacher is the event of the hour or the season of the year, and the sermon reaches our dull ears and touches our dead hearts in spite of us. On this June Saturday, for instance, even my cheerful friend Manichild, who accompanies me on the way to the Melbourne Cricket ground, speaks disparagingly of the present, and fondly of a past that is gone for ever. For the sky, ashen grey with rain clouds, and the bleak wind that tosses the , bare branches, and the miry earth have taken up their parable, and it is this Time Iretteth all things as a moth doth a garment, till the fashion of them changeth, and their glory fadeth and the end of every year is winter. The withered leaves that fell at our feet, as we went down the hill through the gardens, and the bare flower-pots said "Amen." Nay, did not even the stucco gods and goddesses of Hellas, in their shabby dress of blistered paint, with the grime of the city smoke on their faces and the web of the spider cling- ing to their locks, speak eloquently of glories departed that were theirs in the morning time of the world? Poor shabby gods ! It is with you even as it is with us, for Time, the only mighty one, works his will on all. He flouts and mocks us in his grim humorous way, and little recks who when from ov gladden hearts there rises the cry: I.! " Our hopes, like withered leaves, fall last. Pallid Ups say, ' it is past, We can return no more. " The time of the year harmonised, but its utterance was faint and common-place compared with the homily upon to the coalescence of human glory" that came that afternoon from the precincts of the Melbourne Cricket ground. The match of the afternoon being that oilfield football players of Carlton against the Geelong veterans, it might have been expected that a vast multitude would be present. It would have been pleasant to have given the sad day and its dismal preaching the lie in the presence of an enthusiastic throng of onlookers, for whom the triumphs and memories of the past were still living and fresh. But the grand stand was a howling wilderness, a kind of The bad in which a few anchovies were seen, who had fled from the world to the most solitary place they could find. Our footsteps awoke hollow echoes, and the voices of the boys who hawked the weekly papers seemed to profane the solemnity of the mournful spot. The space below us and the iron railings, round which the sixpenny public are wont to cluster, were dotted by a stray group at wide intervals and the members' reserve was a quiet, lonely spot, where one could meditate who desired to be as far from the madding crowd as possible. Mr. Manichild, who on ordinary occasions bubbles over with the milk of human kindness, and stands in the slop, led me to a seat high up the gallery, where it is gloomy even on the brightest day, and said bitterly, " And yet the men who play to-day have made football. The men who play to-day will show you a more daring, a more skilful game, than is played now. They were giants, sir, in those days. What do the boys of the hour know about football compared with Jack Gardiner or Billy Dedman The public, sir, will be sorry on Monday when it reads in the papers of the treat it has missed." I try to sooth my friend by saying that the public always is a fool, and never knows what is good for it but he ignores me, and proceeds, "Then isn't it sickening to think that only the old and feeble and middle-aged have thought it worth their while to be here to give the boys a cheer-;" I draw his attention to the fact that at least half-a-dozen men below 30 are visible to the. naked eye, and remind him that some of the boys he speaks of might have been contemporaries of Batman and Johnny Fawkner, but he re 'fiiBCS to be comforted. result after all, the sermon of the day, compared with which the others of which I have spoken were inane platitudes, came from the arena itself. For at the sound of a bell there trooped forth from the dressing-rooms below forty forms, who made my friend Manichild start, and glare with protruded eyeballs as if he had seen a ghost. Forty men, some in club uniform, and some in mufti, some lean and wiry, and some obese and unwieldy but taken as a lot, as motley a crew as ever slouched into a football field. There were a few young players among them system of a season or two age whose presence was an anachronism, for it only served as a fell to the awkwardness the bulk of the fat men. The Bad-faced groups grew merry when the players began to arise in the playing space, as they had been wont to (do in the early seventies, but there was a pathos in the laughter, us though one should say with Byron " And if I laugh at any mortal thing, 'Tis that I may not weep. For fat men of 40 cannot play leap-frog with the agility of youth, and they pull' when they run, and the ball, which they have not touched for years, seems to paralyse them and make them fall down and grovel on the ground when it comes too near. The lesson of the scene had for me only a general significance, but it come to my friencFs bosom with the poignancy of a private and individual grief. As a follower of the Carlton's fortunes since quite pre- historic times, Mr. Manichild surveys the scene with a mournful glance, and he soliloquised in fitful snatches like these :-" Good heavens ! to think that Dick Frayne, that ran like a deer, could ever swell so big and Billy Dedman, the lightning goal-sneak, could ever come to waddle like that"-"LantyO'Donnell-that's Lanty ist? I mind him as tough a follower as ever took a ball out of the ruck ; they ought to get him a Bath chair. Poor old chap, he stops on his face every time the ball comes near him." The teams were captained by the Jack Gardiner and Jimmy Wilson of the olden days, both of whom seemed to have suffered less from the years and changed less than many of their confreres. But the football was not that which my friend Manichild he! expected, and it is but the simple truth to con- test! that any second twenty of the present season could soundly drub either team. Mr. Manichild and an old Geelong gentleman in a seat below as were the only persons in the stand who seemed to take a living interest in the contest. They seemed pained at the irreverent laughter which the onlookers indulged in, mild they beamed benevolently on each other like two generous foe., us they alternately cried "Bravo Carlton "Wire in Geelong." But the players did not play up to their old form nay, some of them came prepared evidently to turn the memorable occasion into a jest-and as a result the enthusiasm of the venerable " ljurruclters " soon cooled, and they laughed and mocked with the rest. From the notes I made us the game proceeded the following may be seen ted : "' A goal kicked for Geelong, caused so far as I can see, from two Carlton men tying themselves into a knot and knocking down the umpire when theballcamenear them. Jack Gardiner's voice is as strong as of yore, and his running is good, but he can't bounce the ball. . . . Manichild yells, " Dead man's got it. He's kicked a goal. Hooray, Billy the kick was a grubber, and should have been stopped Geelong man too fat to get up to the ball. . . . Lanty O'Donnell sees a Geelong man come near him, bouncing the ball, and falls down. . The fat man in white tries a jump to spoil Geelong's kick for goal, and falls flat on his back-grancf-Btnnd shakes. . . . Quarter time, and two Geelong players adjourn for drinks. Plenty of fat men left on the ground, so they'll never be missed. . . . Umpire tries to put his arms round the man in white's waist to keep him off the ball, and gives it up when he had got half-way man in white treating the whole affair with levity. . . . Three Carlton men adjourn for refreshments. . Several fat men lying prone, waiting for their second wind, which does not come, . . . Umpire on his back, with four fat men on the top of him appears to like it. A Carlton and a Geelong player fall on their faces, without touching each other through ball paralysis. Bull paralyses Billy Dedman. He missed his kick, and cannons against the umpire. Umpire up first, and seems to like it Some grand running and marking by some of the lean players. Selfish play of the Carlton-quite in their present style. Cool, concerted play by some Geelong men quite' in the style of the Pivot premiers of old, . : . Getting dark, and Carlton press- ing Geelong hord. Old Geelong gentleman has disappeared. Manichild asleep." In the gathering twilight the ground, the grand-stand, and all things seem ghostly and shadowy. I waken my friend, and we leave the veterans struggling, weird and indistinct like spectres, around spectral goal-posts. " 0 heavens," Mya the wise man, it is mysterious, it is awful to consider that we not only carry each a future Ghost within him, but are in very deed ghosts ' That warrior on his strong; war horse fire flashes through Iiib eve force dwells in his arm and heart, but women and war horse are a vision ; v revealed force, nothing more Stately they tread the earth as if it were a firm substance , fool ! the 1 Earth is but a film it cracks in twain, and warrior and war horse sink beyond plummets sounding Plummets * Fantasy herself will not follow them A little while ago they were not, a little while and they are not, their ashes are not a little while ago it seems but yesterday these stout middle aged men were beautiful and strong with the beauty and strength of youth Now youth and beauty and strength have vanished, and yet a little while and they too shall pass As footballers, they are dead men already Next Saturday, when the living players the Carlton and Geelong players of this year meet, the precincts will be black with people and from earth to heaven will rise the hoarse shouts of thousands, who are as men drunken with excitement through the chances and chance e, of the fray As compared with that the struggle of to day has been one of ghosts with ghosts All is there not a pathetic truth in the words which Achilles addresses to the friend who visits him in the under- world " 0, speak not of comfort In death, most noble Odysseus' Rather would I, as labourer, till for a wage In the fields Of one needing such aid, I, heirless and void of all heritage Than be first in command of cr the hosts-hero in the realms of the dead As we go up the hill through the gardens the falling leaf and the falling night and the bleak winter time are still taking up their parable My friend is thoughtful and silent, but there is the old kindly light in his eye whenhcsajB on parting -" there will be dawn to morrow, and the spring comes after the longest winter-and when our lights have gone out here the) may be rekindled yonder'' and he pointed reverently heaven wards 