. GENERAL NEWS. The Minister for Works and the Minister for Publio Instruction who, with their under secretaries and several officials from their departments, have been on a trip to Lake Mac-' quarie, are expected to return to their offices to-day. Tenders have been accepted by the Railway Commissioners for the suddIv of the followint? woods for the 18 months ending June 80, 1892 : —Hardwood, J, C. liickson, 13s Gel per 100ft. tnllowwood, do., 14s fid ; ironbark, J. A Hunter, 17s first- class nnd His second ; and weather boards, Chidgey Brothers, 10a. For the erection and completion of additions to the workshops at Eveloigh tho tender of G. D, Featheratone has been accepted at £158 ; for the snpply of coke to tramways, that of T. VV. Garlick, at Ills Cd per ton ; and for the supply of 500 tonB of l&in.; blue metal for tramway purposes and delivered at North Shore, that of Messrs.4Ward and Co., at 10s per ton. Tuesday, the 13th inst., has been declared a public holiday in tbo district of Eden. The annual meeting of the St. Thomas' Bene volent Society, Balmuin, was held at the Par sonage on Wednesday lust. The report pre sented showed that the ca6h contributions for the year from the members of the congregation, together with tho value of gifts in kind, gave a total of £110, which hud been disbursed in relieviug needy and distressed cases. .The officers were re-elected : — Presidents, Mrs. F. R. Robinson and the Rev. J. Dixon ; secretary, Mrs. Veuubles ; treasurer, Mrs. Dixon. A pleasant gathering of children took place <au im-outss uuu(jigj;nnuuhl tJUUUUl-UUU lUBb nicht, under the presidency of Mr. J. 'Dobbie. A number of Christmas presents bad been given by Mr. Gregory Walker, of Hunter's-bill, for the enjoyment of the children and were dis tributed by Mr. Dobbte. During the oveniug songs, recitations and a flute solo were well renuored by the youngsters. Mr. Dobbie told them a ghost story nnd Mr. IL Milliugtou recited. Hearty auplauso was given for Mr. Walker. The English mails to December 6, per P. and O. Company's steamer Carthage, will be due to morrow in time for delivery at about 2 p.m. Some time Bines Sir William Clarke and Mr. G. Cbirnside, of Werribee Park, who, for service in connection with the Victorian Defence De partment, maiutain batteries of liorso artillery, o lie red to make additions to the batteries if the Government supplied guns of a now pattern, which it was reported were to be used in con nection with the Imperial horse artillery. As some delay has taken place in tho adoption of a now pattern of gun at home, it has been decided (says tbo Argus) that the batteries of Sir William Clarke and Mr. Cbirnside shall bo supplied with two extra guns of tho style of those already in use. The two hart.rinu ...in now havo three guns each and thoy are to bo increased proportionately from f>9 men to 90. In connection with the universal week of prayer, tlie Iter. J. G. Paton will deliver a lecture at tho Y.M.C.A. to-night on " Foreign Missions," with special reference to tbo New Hebrides mission. Mr. J. H. Vickory lectures to-night at tbo Temperance-ball on " Stanloy's Lifo and Travels." The lecture will be illustrated with numerous limelight views. Tho proceeds are to go to the aid of Dr. Barnardo'a London Homes. Messrs. Thomas Webb and Sons, of George- street, send us ono of their very pretty "Art Gem Calendars" for 1891. A very substantial caleudur in a leather case comes from the Queensland Lloyd's Underwriters' Association, Brisbane. We have also received calendars from tbo Sun Eire Ollice, the A.JI.P. Society and IL T. Dunn und Co., Queeu's-place. Alterations in the timc-tnblcs for the Coogoo, Wnverley and Sans Souci and Bandringham trams nre nnnonnced to-day. Tho band of the Permanent Artillery, under bandmaster M. Dovory, will perform in'Hydo Park pavilion this day, at 3.90, weather per; mitting. 