SOME CUSTOMS OF AUSTRALIAN ABORIGINES. (" Gentleman's Magazine.") I While the medicine-men ' black-fellow doctors,' claim the power to heal diseases and remove spells, they are alio pre pared to inflict evil for a consideration. They are not only doctors (' maykeeka') but wizards, and adepts in magical arts. To enumerate their practices would fill a volume. A brief notico must suffice. Un doubtedly they understand, and make-use of, the hypnotic art. Throwing the subjects into a deep sleep, they will compel them to see visions, reveal secrets, and even pine and die. The possession of some part of the be longings of the subject expedites the magi cian's plan. This is less wonderful than it appears. The imaginaton has greater power thanissupposed, especially over undisciplined minds. Sonio black seers are popularly sup posed to be able to command tho elemental spirits, fetch back departed spirits, and render ghosts visible at cinsp fire. Hypnotism renders this explicable. Of tho practices attributed to these men, that of ' taking kidney fat' from their victims is most feprcd. Belief in their power to accomplish this prevails through the entire continent. In innumerable instances persons have died, believing themselves victims of this art. So real does it seem, that hypnosis is clearly at tho basis of tho practice, Thus, amonc" tho Ivurnai, the ' brewin,' or wizards, are thought fco oast the victims into sleep by pointing at them with the ' yertung'—a bone instrument made from the fibula of a kangaroo. Among the Wotjobaluk the victim, after being half strangled, is laid upon his back ; then tho ' bangal,' or wizard, gets astride of his chest, opens tho right side, and extracts the fat from the kidneys. He then joins tho cuts, and, after ainging his spell, bites them to r«nde? the opening scarless. After this he retires, and sings a magical mojody vchich awakens tho victim, or,using liira to stagger, wondering how ho came to be ' sleeping out there.' It is believed that by partaking of a man's fat the eater acquires his victim's strength. So also it is thought that human fat brings good hunting, causes spears to fly true to their mark, or the ' waddie' to deal resistless blows. For men who can accomplish wonders upon tho human form divi^o, 4 rain- making' must indeed bo a commonplace undertaking. It is, therefore, not surprising to find that, throughout Australia, wizards are credited with the possession of this power, which they exercise in various ways—not always, it must be admitted,' with satisfactory results. In the Ta-ta-thi tribe the rain- maker uses a piece of transparent white quart?,, which he .vraps in emu feathers, having first broken ofF a small piece, which lie spits up towards the sky. The quartz and feathers are then soaked in water, and afterwards carefully hidden. Among tho Myappe tho ontrails of an opossum are steeped in water for s ime days ; when decomposing tliev are taken out. This, it is believed, will always causc rain. Or a native eat is skinned and hung on a tree for tho purpose. It has been stated that tho Australian tribos are wholly without religion. This is an error. They believe that tho God who conies down at tho ' boorrah' is good and powerful ; that he saves them by his strength ; that he is very ancient, but never grows older. Tho Mycoolon tribe believe in life, after death, [in Yalairy—tho road to which is the Milky Way. Here a spirit will look after them, and here they will find trees, I water, game, dogs, and their women and childron, The practice of {knocking out thej ZStfST "+ .« mvgmJSZ of roJi^iou"? fl\n man,' ,13 likewise indicative into the Qi.a^ V a doctor " onco ascended as a Supreme Being, Zly ilZmtei af th° lnitl'lti°ii cere S' i:I, V me,n °,n'y know that ,1 great nZlhZl^ ' '^S^'o'^cient'l!^ wehts tr^i'S The funeral rites of the trifles further inr?; rofihirsr'T^;o,t''"'r~"<* and thp t J? iT , 0 tnbes on t[ie IVa dig-yound wclHi^°hUoIe: tVS 'K fully conect'tI.eW,?nitiS bUmt' they C!ire 111 row them out " '™S pi°C° °f b,rk in a sit-Hmr ™ ^ then inter the dead mi ' ncl valuables—are buried with him Th™Jogs are placed across tl Son' wh? rd' and r°°f£d -'er°vith btk, 5S#^;:£"S:H: SSSS?3 provide himself witha3 strfn JT ; "ii\h onhb,Tk'" s rw ^ °«d" «™s,s; ««fri by tSfts lt° wll^'poin1? h™uf; fcha sewer had caused the death. The W-iil Z"r ?reafc mailing over the dead Th ey for a vTar'or hP "p th a nigMly ]iln^ntation v., ^ or longer. As a sign of mourninw both sexes plaster their heads over with mud hteSs AH|d I'0" "'T'1 thcm3elves with fiatclHts. At the funeral they dress them dressed wr"' fyIeS' some wearing head resses. When a fat man dies they place his J?d7 'J1 a forked tree, and anoint themselves with the grease which drops from him Thev hlToStK™sfrk,es- lhm !»«*•» 3 ms nealth strength and virtue. Thev eat tho heart and liver of the dead for tL samo rounder obl° ^ b°rieS its dead usn,% ™ round or oblong graves. The Ivamilaroi cut &r; °„ns :rvi°h >»"«-' ^raves, as marks of respect to the dead tfnaTiius0tin»ya !° t"^? Can"ibal Pra°tices narta of fl, !? , d!?onPare common as £fW L ntes" The re»son assigned is that the nearest relatives may soon for«et the departed, and not be continually Jk 13 '<>. he observed that these People do not fh J f'rJnemieS- but thei^ friend^ and that This is°th^''1ICOr-d'nStt? a Presoriijed rule. A, • f ° order 111 which they partake of dre f H, iVe,Si The mother ^ Of her chil dren, the children of their mother. Brothers Uncks"" nenlT"m"L'l,ir °f each other uncles, nephews, mints, nieces, "ram? pareiits, and grandchildren do the same But the father does not eat of his offspring nor the offspring of their father. In Wide°B-w tbl thrT- t? b° °'Lfct;u are first skinned, and ml • skl"13 trapped round a bundle of spears Thisrehc 1? carried about with • the ffi the native wars, in some mrta of Mm. country, the men who are killed are eaten by their friends. If they die from wound, during the night they are eaten in the morn cookeAh1/^ ° 13 dus' and fche b°dy is cooked therein in one piece. The inside it not eaten, but buried. The bones are either buried or placed m a hollow tree. Children t0°> "e eaten when they die. " Tins strange race is fast disappearing lb may be that the child is even now born who shall hear the last aborigine chan t, 1 Shiekl of Burree, spear and club, Ihrowing stick of Berar briii" • Ihe broad boomtmng of Waro'll. BooS3 and PC"dallts' "Pron Jump ljumpf use your eyes, With the straight emu spear/ 