[?] BT 'VYB-BAX,' . . ''; ? Author of. '.With tho -Tide,' -.'.! Bard Hit,' 'Blue and White,' &o.; SPEOIAliiY 'WRITTEN FOB THE » REFEREE.' ALL EIGHTS EESEEVED. CHAPTEB XXIII; WHO'S TO WIN. BLUE BLOOD was favorite for tho New market Handicap. Sir -William Melissa's heavy wagers had the effect of in ducing his friends to follow his lead. Per cussion had been backed by Marlow's stable, and threatened to run the Hairbell Cottage horse a close race in the betting. St. Almo was at a longish price, but it was noticed by several cute men in the ring that whenever the odds expanded a shade the offers to bet against this horse wore generally accepted. .The letter written to Jockey Jack and that sent to Sir William had the desired effect, aud Blake had been, told by Dal ton he must consider himself as engaged to rida Blue Blood. Blftke was jubilant. He saw the means of making a pile open to him, and he meant to take advantage of it. It was Thursday night before the. New market day, and a curious party had assembled at the Brightside Inn. The two Cases were there, Toddy Blake, Eeuben Potter the bookmaker, and several other well known jockeys, whose names need not bo mentioned. They were in Peter Flower's own particular private room, and it was quite evident the business they had been, and still were/discussing, was of a most important character. It was apparent Toddy Blake was an interested party, and Potter appeared to direct his remarks specially to Blue Blood's jockey. 'To put the matter plainly,' said Potter, ' we have to decide who's to win if we can. We've got the principal mounts in1 the race on our side, and I think we ought to have no difficulty in arriving at a decision as far as wo are concerned. Blake rides Blue Blood, and says ho can win, I say we don't want Blue Blood to win.' A general chorus of assent, in which Blake did not join. The fact of the matter was he had come to an arrangement on his own account with Flushton about Blue Blood, and had been secretly lot on by that worthy man to back Percussion, and he had no doubt Lamb ton's mount would win. ' What am I to get out of this ?' said Blake. ' I ride tho favorite, and he can win. It's not likely I'm going to throw such a chance away for nothing.' ' You get a big share of the spoil,' said Potter. ' If the favorite's safe see' what money I can lay against him.' ' What'll win if Blue Blood doesn't ?' said Blake. 'Lainbton's mount, Percussion,' said Potter. ' It's a. dead bird.' Blake's heart gave a big jump. 'But Lambton's not hero,' he said; ' how do we know he'll ride Bquare ?' 'Because it's worth his while,' said Potter. ' I've put his money on, and know he's safe. Besides, the stable havo laid him a good stake to nothing.' Blake began to see his way clear. He'd make a big haul. He'd back Percussion again. It looked, as Potter said, a good thing. 'Aro you quite sure St. Almo's no chance ?' said Blake ; ' he used to be a good 'un.' ' I ride him, and he hasn't a ghost of a show,'' said Tom Case. ' You ride him ?' said Blake. 'That's all right, then.' It will be seen that a nice little game of cros3 purposes was being played at the Brightside Inn. Tom and Joo Case had agreed with Potter that the secret of St. Almo's trial at Caul field should bo kept from the other members of this nice little ring. If Tom Case happened to win on St. Almo it would be accounted for by saying it was ono of those nukes no man could understand in horse-racing. Honor among thieves, in deed. It was very evident thero was not much honor towards each other among this party. It was a case of self all round, and each' jockey seemed to fancy the other was attempting to ' do him.' The meeting was prolonged until a lat« hour, when it was finally decided all the jockeys present wero to ride in tho in terests of Percussion. ' You'll havo to make the running on St. Almo,' said Blake to Tom Case aa they left the room. ' / ' You bet I'll keep a clear passage for Percussion if, possible,' said Tom, with, a grin. He thought 'Yes Toddy, my boy, I'll make the pace s0 hot with St. Almo they'll never catch mo.' The brothers Case and Eeuben Potter stood to win a heavy stake over St. Almo, and the money was on at long odds. Potter had actually induced Hector Flusbton to give him tho commission to lay off the St. Almo money, and bRck Per cussion. The wily bookmaker had laid tho St. Almo money to himself, and laid the Percussion money to Hector Flushton also on his own account. mr. Tiusnton, in win o» ouservea, imu.a good deal to learn, although he considered himself very clever indeed at the game. Reuben Potter drove home in a high state of good humor. Everything was fixed up nicely, and he felt pretty cortain of a big win. It did not trouble his easy conscience to think he was assisting to perpetrate a big tnrf swindle. Beuben Potter cared very little for such things. Had he been asked he would have said the transaction he was engaged in was no swindle, but a per fectly legitimate means of scoring a win, if possible. In this respect, Pottor was looking upon the whole affair from his point of view, and had his opinion as to what Hector FluBhton would have done had he been in the swim. This is a shady side of the turf, which exists even at the present day. There are honorable men racing for love of the sport, but, unfortunately, they are in a minority. Had Mr. Eeuben Potter known Lily Flowers had been intimate, and- a great favorite with Tom Case, he might not have felt quite so comfortable. But' he did not know, and therefore no ..-unpleasant.; re flections on that score disturbed him;'-1 Befjpro Tom Case left tho Brigliiaide Inn, he had a few minutes private con versation with Lily Mower3. ? ; .?? He had not told her anything^which could Jxstray the secret he was' possessed of but he had given her to understand that he would put a 'fiver' on his mount for her, juBt for luck. 'But St. Almo's no chance ?' said Lily j ' why not put it me °dn Percussion. That's your stablt) horse, is it not ?'? .' Yea,' said Tomj .'Percussion goe3 for the stable, but I'll put you the money on, myt mount, or not at all. Shouldn't you like to see me win ?'' 'Of course I should, Tom,' she said; 'do as you like, but you've no chance of success. When .Tom Case had gonei Lily Flowers' ihought?overwha^l)»r had (»!#?_ . ,' She had been accustomed to associate with men of his class, and knew most moveB on the racing board. She was well airare Tom Cose would notthrow a 'fiver' away on a horse he thought had no chance, even if it happened to bo his own mount. Some thing was iu tho wind, of that Bhe felt quite sure, but it was too deep and well laid a scheme for her to fathom. Now, it so happened that Ned D&lton; looked in at the Brightsido Inn on the Friday morning, and ho saw Lily Flowers. ' Is your father in t' he askad. 'No, Mr. Dalton, he's gone into Mel bourne,' ahe said. ' Can I do anything for you ?' Dalton hesitated a minute or two, and then looking her strught in the face, said: 'Was Blake here last night ?' 'Yes,' said Lily, without the least hesitation. - - ' Was Mx. Flushton here ?' asked Dal ton. j ' No,'^-plied Lily. Daltoh appeared Batisfled. Strange though it may appear, Daltoa seemed to distrust FluBhton more than a ' jockey ring,' although he fanoied auch a thing existed. 'Was Blako hero long?' he asked. ' Not particularly long,' said Lily ! ' why do you ask, Mr. Dalton ?' ' Because Sir William Melissa has given him the mount on Blue Blood, and I don't want a chance thrown away,' he replied, 'Why doesn't Jockey Jack ride?' said Lily. ' I wish he did,' eaid Dalton ; ' but Sir William doubts him because ha won't toll him why he came to your house on a par ticular night.' ' If Sir William donbta Jockey Jaok ho'' making a mistake,' BaidLily; 'I'm Bure he's honest.' ' So am I,' said Dalton ; ' I'd give fifty notes to have Jock up on Blue Blood to-morrow.' 'Why?'1 said Lily, surprised. 'Fifty notes. That's a pile.' ? 'Not more than it's worth. I don't half like Blake,' aaid Dalton. ' No more do I,' said Lily. ' But he'll never throw a chance of winning such a race as the Newmarket away.' 'I don't say ho will,' replied Dalton j 'but Blue Blood's a peculiar horse, and he's taken a fancy to Jack, which is pounda in favor of his having the mount.'. 'Well, I wish I could help you, Mr. Dalton, but I can't. I don't know why Jockey Jack came hero except that he ap peared to be waiting for someone who did not come. He pnlled out a letter to read while he was here. ' Whew !' said Dalton. ' That's it, I'll bet. It's a put up job. Sir William came here because he got a letter. I'd give another fifty to know who wrote 'em. One person wrote 'em both, I'll bet. It can't be helped though, Sir William's made up his mind, and that settles it.' 'What do you think will win, Mr. Dalton?' BaidLily. -- 'Fancy Blue Blood, but I'm not bo san guine with Blake up. Percussion must run well if he can beat St. Almo as they say, and the market indicates,' said Dalton, as he went towards the door. 'I'm going to back St. Almo,' said Lily. ' Eh ?' said Dolton, stopping. ' I'm going to back St. Almo, or rather he's to be backed for me,' she replied. Nod Dalton smiled. Then he nodded to Miss Lily Flowers, said ' good morning,' and went away. 'He's a cool hand,' thought Lily, ' but he's tho best trainer we have here by a long way.' ' Now, what on earth has put St. Almo into her head,' said Dalton. ' There's some infernal game at work here. I wonder if Marlowe's made a mistake. Not the first by a long way, if he has. Per cussion's trials were all right, if my infor mation's correct. Why the devil can't Sir William trust Jockey Jack. I'll havo another try at him.' Dalton did have another try. He went to Sir William's the same afternoon, but found him as obstinate as ever on the point. ? ? 'Then I'll toll you what it is. Sir William,' said Dalton, 'you'll lose the race.' ' Why ?' asked Sir William. ' Because Blue Blood's such a peculiar horse, he'll never do his best with Blake up,' said Dalton. 'Then I'll lose,' said Sir William, quietly. ' I've said Jockey Jack shan't havo the mount unless lie tells me why he went to the Brightside Iun that particular night.' Dalton went homo in no enviable frame of mind. He had a talk with Jockey Jack, but found him still determined not to comply with Sir William's request. ' You're an obstinate pair,' said Dalton, ' and between you we shall lose tho race. I've a presentiment we shall get done.' ' I wish I could tell him,' said Jack, 'but I cannot.' 'Well Jockey, so you see I ride Blue Blood after all,' aaid Blake. ' Yea,' said Jock, ' and mind you ride him straight. You bet I'll watch you and so wm tne doss. ' Let's drop that,' said Blake. ' Can Blue Blood win ?' . ' Yes,' said Jack. 'I think he can. Get him well off aud you'll have no trouble.' Toddy Blako had a good think over tho coming race, and had he not backed Per cussion he might have gone straight. As it was, he determined to watch Lambton'a mount closely, and if he found Percussion could not win, go for tho race on Blue Blood. Ho know Sir William would come down handsomely if lie won, and that the gift he would receive would more than cover his losses on Percussion. The race for the Newmarket appeara very complicated at present. This is how matterB stand the night before the great ovent. ?Sir William has backed Blue Blood heavily. Toddy Blake, the jockey, means to win on Blue Blood if Purcusaion cannot. If Percusaion can win, Blue Blood must, lose. ? ; Tom Case rides 'St. Almo. Ho knows the horse is better than Percussion and means to win if possible. ? ' ; Hector Flushton and Marlow have backed Percussion under the impression; St. Almo cannot win. Half-a-dozen jockeys ride in the interest ?of Percussion. . ' . , Ned Dalton doubts Blake and wants Jockey Jack up on Blue Blood. How will this tangle end. Wait and seo. The 'Newmarket is run to-morrow; - ?i,...:. : .. ; (to sa oonnaujui-i . ..',';.... 