Dixie acul I»au. •• Anii do lie eareltll, llall deal, and doll I f hin .f V(tui>e;I or Dixie, and do eoiue holmas earlv as you ean. I'll have the griddle cakes for supper and you know yu like them hot. and pa's got -orne honey to eat •.villi.' them. The boy Mrs i'oilard spoke lo laughed as hjp sprang down ihe su'ps of the little old house. • Ul course ni be careful.' lie -aid. 'Dixie and I'll emne home with lots of birds, wont we. old fellow 7 7]he big brown deigthat had for a number'of years bpen a member of the 1'olUud family lifted up his voice m ioylul absent a- ha e:iprre.l round I Ian. ail a minute," Mpieah-d little Net fio:n ihe d i.irway. ' Dixon hain't got his blue w ibboi. on'. • <l|i. never tnirid'. Said Dall. Di.\ e i? not; such a dandv that he needs lo wear a necktie everv dav. (font vou know Caplain (Smith sava that wearing a necktie is a 3.11I ot crasv custom anvwav. even for men.' But Vet came running after with the riliUm m her iiand, and Dan had to tie his bi<" blue u>\r on Dixie's collar Indole X^ttie would let the two trnvellers go the wav m peace. You're a iieaulilul doolie.' -aid Net, as slie.gaie Dixie a ia| itui i iu-part itlg embriaee. ^".lU are just a beaut,'ml doggie, and v\e all love vou. Mlix-.e junijied up and kissed Xetlie.dog la.-hion. aud the mlerrupted journev began otlCi' IlloIV. ! Dan had started i<»r ad.-iv's shoolitlgoti >!)•• iilar-li. Tins wn- tv. , .>r three nules a\vav. lieillg the low-lying land bordering on a eav. D in and Dixie so,m had pn-sed the few larmhouses that were scattered here and there on the road, and struck mt into the country when 1 the laud begun itgradual downward slope into the water. • A whilT of salt air came into the. boy s j nostrils .and set liiin thinking ot tile broad ocean into which the bay opened, and of ' iiie ships that sailed that ocean, and lie' mdered if le- ever -liouhl -ee t lie land- ! those ships went 1". Musing on -Uch , limits looking tar ml" tlie I'ntiire la,is( vwll. D.-iii iramped utii.il 1 in- water and !', 1 \ 1 «il 1 , i MI - Were III Slg III. •• X.• «.-"ii lias.' l'un, «oui we. ,D;\ ?' said the iiov, and the doi, r lU.-hed on its I li-.u-h binl--booi iiiLi Was the tilosl dc- -li-hllnl amu->*in,e.il in- had e.ver heard ot. I tan. 1'UII Ml mi" i in ited. XCitemellt as he. l " l after made lather a bre rsh. r>ut atle.r a it bless winih di.i [ 'i.* -liooiing was not very :ro<^d aiior :;li. Dan got one bird, tried I . shoot S0- v,-r::l .>1 heps, and jaiU-d. Dixie full of frolic and rushed </n through the weals and grass till l)an eould n il keep trace of bon, and hardly ii ie,i to o . - .. The marsh was quite deserted. No one seemed to be out shooi. am thai day at ah but. Dan. titling down at last on a little mound, ihe boy drew a couple of apples out of ills pocket and commenced lo eal them. He «as just li'uisliing h,s second one, when a lonu-drawii howl from somewhere in front him ..rs^iue to his ears. \Yhv. (hat's Dixie' the boy said, junip- ; up. " Thai .-ounds as u he were m trouble. <»uess I must look after liiui.' Picking up his guti and bird, Dan made his wi\ through tie- re,-,1s till he came to the cdue of the m ne marshy poiiiod li at exteiuied down to the waier. Away further ou he saw a nig t.io.vn dog with a blue bow round his neck. Dan walked to the edge of the bit of ia no iie w is on. • Why. Dixie', w hat ails you ?'he called. Dixie gave a lugubrious howl, and Dan i. i be i rouble. • Why. you're stuck m the mud. Dix', he said, ••lust .vail until 1 gel over there old fellow, and I'll have you out all right. You must have In-en chasing a bird.' Dan sprang over a marshy land. Dixie sa .v hua coming and waited Willi saiisfacfaction for his deliverer. Suddenly, when Dan was about, halfway across the uiarshy [eiriion he tell his own foot n,g beginning lo ian him. He struggled, junipeik for a safer spot, stuck again, stuu/.ded on. dropped his gun and ^ couïd ' S l " , J , '"am. Tl,»\ ' ^ n / • - f t ^ irjcnJ. | L stojipfng. «ft A S St Z ï f - I " ^d'ZliTï « °PH * Jl1 1 are ,„ J" ^ ™ ' «I fix J o t$ ! J Illation this ren.arkV,, , , l'" 1 ' ir b r o <? H 'iism;,l h,nvl k ° ° u f „r ' , Worst of - , $ fc^uied D;ln! ... 0 tide,"»- '««s w ï f 1 ^ iv at t h j it tin J l ! n ' Z I" 1 fi ? J i the H'.-l hol[, earn». J-isino ph tcreepJ(1. u (( either " fl'here isn t lAivthin.sr for l-I, {o veil for help, old fellow o till, d anil, yelled m temijic style, off! j Dixie inspired antp?e. lifted t^p Ins to do but said D.ltt his moutii, Dan His shouts and halbj or help ;>nlv ma a few niar.-h hens huijrv away I roln the re eeds a little, distance baikjed and lio^vh !iojn|se am 1 , exhausted. • Hit '.1 oesu't! do the least by his master's exi-oice and alternately Dan paused at last, bit of good,'" Te( said aiixiou.-ly. after he had looked id'Jeiiil m yain 'or any comnig help. "'If 'I )i;id inv gun 1 coilid lire, but I don't su;ppo-e that would donny good eitlier. I^'.l',- often hear firing oyer towards the, nibr---- 1'oiks wouldn't, know I wanted Injlp • ••••n if ihey heard the gun.'' Dan looked over to where his guil lav, si\ feet or so away. It might as well have b.jeii sixtv for all the prospect there was of bis reaching IT. • Warned by his lornter sinking, he dared not struggle lest iie shobld sink lower. So br stood and wailed. What was he waiting for il'lte water was rising gently bat surely. Ifclt'ose more and more. Dixie nearer to the water's edge than Dan, understood iu a'hhost. human fashion, what vras coming. I iie water rose .round thedog's feet. Dixie niggled and sank lower and lower till his beautiful, glossy brown body fairly touched the water. H' 1 will drown 1 Surelv he will unless I jean help hi'ii -onie wav", thought Dan, anxious nxiouslv. _ "(ih, what can I do ? He's Stluek too fast to ^et away." : I Dixie cast pitiful, appealing glances at )Vau. Was hi- tnasLer not coming to help him ? The dog's reproachful eyes almost 'l.fokc Dan's heart. Dixie, dear fellow.' he cried, how I wish I could help you !" \- ,i The water lose higher. Gentle wares (liegati to quietly lap Dixie's sidi's. and j l;'an could see the', dog shiver. l'ii/nl |\|hine- broke from him as he I., >;.--, 1 ,u, r at Dan. The boy felt the rt-.-• i.- <• ..iihig. ; £i was too dreadful to have 1 l,\ie lio ui before his eyes, drown thinking h - ma-ier j wight help him and did not. The time went, on and the water still rose. ; | With troubled eyes Dan watch''! tindug's death struggles. If you were near ;[ could do something for von. Dixie. !„. ;cned. ' Perhaps if 1 wev.-. luxie'd help -ink jine. too," he thought, as he glanced at l he water that was near h.iu now. j How slow and how sure the tide was '. 'if it would only engulf Dixie all at once, i and drown him and have done with il. in- ' stead of climbing up him and frightening i the poor fellow in 'hat heartless manner. ! Dan felt, as if he had almost rather bear I it linn-ell" than see ins dear old playmate in such trouble. I he water »vas almost overD.xie's back. '!'iie pool creature held his head up and howled dismally as; if he ^ knew what wa- coining, (irotvn lad ;) c lie .vas, Dan could not keep ihe tears from running down his cheeks. • <), Dixie.' cried the buy, 'tiear old fellow, it was all my lault. I ought not. lo havi taken you gunning out here ou the marsh. Poor old fellow 1—poor old fellow. Oh. hou 1 wish I could help you. Dixie gave a howl <jf terror and dismay. -Whal'li mother say ?" groaned Dan, ' and Ned aud and the twins. Oh, if he's dn.iMied and we drmi ever have him any more, and lie isii i there to bring in the paper nights and to sit by the tire—oh. dear, and to run races • Short choking howls eanie from Dixie's ,1 iivc' io' 1 . The water was aluiostover him. "( Hi, good-b_\, good-bye, dearold fellow" —sobbed Dan. losing all control over himself. and additig his own tears to the water that was alre-ady climbing up him. It's till my fault ! tJuod-by, deur old fellow, good-by." Then Dan -hut his eyes and resolutely stopped iiis ear- that he, might sec no more struggles and hear no more oi those pitiful, heart-breaking howls. A'ter what seemed to liiul a long, long tune. Dan opened Ins eyes again aud looked '.eiu'lu'iy over toward the spot where Dixie was. Xot h lug cetld be seen except the brown water rising higher and higher. Once, indeed, Dan saw a bit. of blue ribbon, bill then-he thought he was misi a ken. Tiiue went on. The water had risen above his own .Wilis!. It was very cold and uncoin'ortable standing there. Dan shivered. Deesperate. he tried with all bis might to pull himself loose, but t here was 110 uee trying. Then he called again aud again. ' 1 m going Li drown likel Dixie.' said the buy to himselt. I wonder if wo 11 bombe found (lead her,; some time when the tide is on! ? What will mother sav 1 thought she'd feel bed enough over Dixie, but supposing she has. to feel bad ot er me too !" ' I wish I'd brought her in that stove ,' hp said lo ii..u-i'h' a iiiuut later.. ' i-got it this lUiiniiiii^- L was iti such ,ry./ T wonder if N'ul rcuvomli tp.<1 it. ^lia^iiir ! I Jou'l IiLiliovc I've lu;eu ijirfto lu-r a? I on^ht. I wondi'r If '«fiSingtij dro.vu ? Itmusf ifol aw- V. A.n<! I—i>li, I rbnit. wrtnt to die !" ["ht; slijw, lonij uiiiiiUos c.rcpt by; aud the brown wuier rosi:. Dan shudn J ;irt i ' P »* the marsh ground was covered. were quite slill-save for that soft f What a detest,ble l)f u,lJ tJ«at was any way 1 Dan listened ' it till it seemed to drive him crazy, 7ould it sound SO dreadtulh bv the time ,e watRr Ua,i is ears ! ri5 That C wou'd " hish not be so very be ia ing now. Well, perhaps he might be. .(•owning then, and might notice the ound. Tile water was almost up to his lioulders. It could not be so very long tow. Hadn't he better pray. What if ' Hip ' Here's another one Mike '. Sur Dan turned his head and saw a little way off a rowbont. Two boys were in it, not very big boys. Dan recognised them at once. Thev wne ..liiiimv O'Toole and his younger brother, the red-haired infant that always went on all manner ot perilous adventures, and yet nothing ever happened to him. The older boy was flounder catching and it was evident that neither of the youngsters had seen I bin. ' Hullo there ! Help me ! Help me ! screamed Dan. Jimmy O'Toole -tarted and dropped his fish in the boat. Where did that voice come from .' He stared over the tnuddv water. Then he screamed. Did ever a bov out flounder catching see such a sight 1 A head and two arms sticking out of the water! Jimmy O'Toole stared in amazement at the prodigy. The red-headed youngster/ beside him was excessively interested t ax the prospects of a new adventure. ' Hurry, I tell you'!" screamed Dan. ' You dunces, don't you see that I'll drown if you don't get some one to help ine pretty quick ? Where's your father, Jimmy O'Toole .'' • In—in the t'other boat," answered the amazed Jimmy, who by tins time Iliad partially recovered iiis senses and realized that Dan was a real human being and ot a ghost", or a new kind of flounder. ' ' Well, go get him just as quick as you can, if you don't want me, to drown,' commanded Dan. Jim's oars soon took him out of sight. ' He'd better be quick about it,' muttered Daa anxiously. !t was doubly dreary to be leFt alone again. Was the water really going to drown him ? Would help come just too late ? How the water did feel iust splashing up about his throat .' And that dreadful rippling sound, so gentle and so hideous! Would Jim find his father 7 Wouldn't the boy stop to catch a flounder or two by the wa} - n ' If he shouldn't hurry now !" thought Dan, trembling all over. (Mi. bow- long, how long it was waiting! Why hadn't he drowned long ago ? Surely it was time. ' 1 won't drown,' said Dan determinedly at last, as he lifted up his head and looked at the sky. How, would it look to him when he saw it. for the last time through a film of water ? What was that coming ? Dan rubbed t he water from his eyes with his wet hand. It. was a black thing coming, a i.uiger tiling thau he had thought. It was. yes, ,t was a boat, un i a smaller boa; was following it, and a man's voice '•.one over the water. " Arrah thin, hoitld on a bit longer, me bhoy ! I'm com in'." Long as the time seemed, it was not two minutes from then when Mr. 0 Toole hud his boat alongside the head that rose above the water. • Hotild on there !' Mr. O'Toole commanded, as he reached Dan on our. A few minutes of vigorous pulling, a «Tench that seemed almost to jerk Dan's bones from their sockets, and the bov lay wet and gasping ill the bottom of the boat, his head pillowed on a pile of flounJer>. ' It's me belnle that ve'll niver see aytherof yer boats again,' announced Mr O'Toole as he rapidly plied the oars and took a careful surrey of Dan's stockined feel at the -ame Lime. • An' what yer mother'll say :n yer pants looking loike thai I don't know. The marsh's an awtul sticky place in some parts.' " You'll catch it !' sung out Jimmy 0 Toole, who, of course, with ; bis redheaded brother occupied the, smaller boat, and who had given up the. glories and delights of flounder- catching for the privilege of joining in bringing Dan home. .Jimmy had arisen in his own boat, and had taken a particular survey of the state of Dan'.- garments. W ucn a few hours huer, on fanner WilleU's milk wagon, Daa r >de safely into the home yard, the nioihet that came to the do or and heard the story of the day in the marsh, never said anything about the state ot the hoy's clothes, but. took him in her arms all muddy as he was, and said , with trembling voice, • Oh. Dan, if it had been you instead of Dixie,.' s, bits -A™ ) on assumed ; bill w hen snip them off, 'tis bl'ing flayed icing for cake will be prevented from cracking when cut, by adding one teaspiouful of sweet cream to each unbeaten ei,'g. Stir up together, then add tog.'ther, then add sugar until us stiff as can be stirred. In roasting meat turn with a spoon in Stead of a fork, as the latter pierces the meat and lets t lie fu.'ee out. 