FROM HANGER TO TIME. A NEW LIFE OF JESUS THE CHRIS® AND A HISTORY OF PALESTINE AND ITS PEOPLE. [BY THE REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D.] CHAPTER V.-(Continued.) THE BETCRN TO NAZABBTH AND DOUBTS Off JOSEPH. Marv remained with her relatives in or neat Hebron for a period of nearly- three months and then returned to Nazareth. We are not told why she did not defer her departure for home until after top birth of Elizabeth's child, and the cause is shrouded in much doubt. If sha abode with her cousin for three months the birth of John must have been near at hand when she left, and in our ignorance of the circumstances which prompted her seemingly sudden return to Nazareth we wonder that she did not remain to be with her aged cousin through so critical a period, especially as she must have believed that some supernatural manifestation would ectmr at, or immediately following, the birth. But we must not ignore the condition of Mary's mind at this time. While her soul was in exaltation there was possibly depression Singled with her joy. She had not communi cate! the tidings of promised motherhood to Joseph nor to her relatives in Nazareth. Saps the date of her public marriage was eomemonths yet in the future, as the services of the betrothment generally preceded the actual marriage one year, but she bad many dutieB to perform, many friends and relatives to apprise of her condition, and no doubt she was under obligations which compelled her to return within the period she had spent with Elizabeth. Again, it may be that her marriage to Joseph had been fixed to occur on a date which was very near at hand: so that we may surmise many reasons for her abrupt departure. Mary's journey on her return to Nazareth was probably accomplished in. the same manner and under the same gracious auspices and angelio escort as her trip to Hebron. &&e; passed through the same memorable valleys, over the same historical mountains, and by the game sacred [places made illustrious by mighty events in the history of her people. On the route she no doubt saw the tield of Machpelah, where Abraham and his spouse were buried, and the famous oak under which the patriarch often sat; there lay Mi where Josiah was sacrificed, and. lofty labar, from whence Barak rushed down lnfiery fury upon Sisera ; and the great plain of Esdraelon, Where Sisera's army was overthrown;along her path babbled the waters of the Kishon, which had centuries before borne the blood of the false prophets to the sea. These places must have aroused in her receptive nature the ? greatest enthusiasm; but what must have been her feelings when passing through the para disiacal valley of Sechem? Here seemed , to linger the spirit of ancient Israel; here was the. burnt-offering place of the nation, the most sacred ground of the tribe. On the south side of the valley lay Mount ^ Gerizim, 800 ft. high, from which was promulgated the law anew, and blessings upon Israel; and Mount Bbal on the north, upon which Moses com manded stones to be set up with words of ttie Law thereon, and from whence curses were called down by the people if they disobeyed Jehovah. Here Joshua assembled the people for his last counsel; here the ten tribes re nounced the house of David. In this valley Abraham first pitched his tent and built an alter under the oak of Moreh, when on Ms way to the land of promise. Here was the -well of Jacob, at which Mary may. have quenched her thirst and paused to reflect on the wonderful changes that had occurred since Shechem was made a place of refuge and since Joseph was buried in the field near by. For a hundred prodigious reasons this journey between Nazareth and Hebron was _a remarkable one to Mary, and must have made a lasting impression upon her, which she seems to have voiced directly upon her meeting with Elizabeth. But when she had returned to Nazareth the patriotic, feelings excited by tho scenes of her nation's history became subdued under the influence of a realisation of her con dition arid -relation to Joseph. Her spiritual nature was aflame with joy, wmleher still conscious material existence was .disturbed by a reflection on the call oi God, which had placed her in a compromising position before her affianced, as well as before her relatives and friends. The secret must soon declare itself, and this realisation, aided by promptings of the Holy Spirit and a consciousness, of her own purity, led to a revelation of the wonder ful manifestation which the Lord had made to and through her. Although Mary must have ' related the strange facts with virtuous- speech, Joseph was ill-inclined to accept with confi dence the truth of her assertion, and therefore for a time secretly, within himself, thought that his honor required him to withdraw the avowals which he had made at the ceremonial of; betrothment. But while doubt inev he was probably not without some faith in the story of Mary; or his love for her was so great as to give a partial condone ment of her fault, hence he was anxious to pro tect her against opprobrium, and which he accordingly resolved to do by a quiet absolve* ment of his vows instead of publicly applying for a bill of divorce. It may be that his pur pose was rather to defer a consummation of the marriage until such a time as he might be able to discover the truth of her declarations than to renounce her entirely. But God soon came to the relief of the sorrowing lovers by sending an angel to Joseph, in a dream, with these cheering, (words - "Joseph, thou son _of David, feat Bob to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is ol the Holy Ghost," &c.; In this speech we observe'the custom of the country as well as the relation which, in Gods sight, Mary bore to Joseph, for the angel distinctly calls Mary his wife, which the ceremony of betrothment, under the Jewish law, instituted and virtually a<SSg the angelic injunction and assu rance Joseph and Mary immediately perfected their marriage, and both rejoiced in the double blessing which they had received, at the hand of God. 