OUR LONDON LETTER (FROM A VICTORIAN.) 10th July, 1891. AH exceedingly interesting book has been published this week—a biographical study of Mr. Gladstone—by a man who is unquestionably the most competent and the beBt informed for saoh a duty, his former private secretary and parliamentary colleague, Mr. S. W. E. Russell. The volume is one of the series called " The Queen's Prime Ministers," no.w in course of publication by Sampson, Low, and Co. It is the fourth of the series. Lofd Melbourne, who was Premier when the Queen ascended the throne, and after whom the metropolis of your colony has been named; Lord Beaconsfield, who was taken in hand by Mr. J. A. Froude, and whitewashed in the vigorous style that has added the new word, " Froudacity," to the English language; and Sir Robert Peel, whose life, character, and policy were picturesquely described and accurately estimated by Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., being the three preceding volumes. There is, of course, no little embarrassment and disadvantage in writing the life of a distinguished political leader who is still in harness, still engaged in active publio life, . and still a great influential force—or, rather, the greatest in the British dominions. Mr. Russell confesses that he felt this embarrassment pressing upon him so heavily that it was only with the utmost difficulty he was persuaded to go on with the work. As it is, be tells us, that he felt in honour hound to make no use whatever of the information, the impressions, and the experiences he aoquired during the years that he was Mr. Gladstone's private secretary. By interpreting his duty so stringently and attaching such a supreme importance to the obligations respecting the sanctity of domestic life and social intercourse, Mr. Russell has, no doubt, deprived his readers of a number of side lights that would have illuminated and brought into well-deserved prominence some of the most charming characteristics of the Grand Old Man; still, in those days when the bull'seye of publioity unbluihingly penetrates to the most secret reoesaes, we cannot but admire the good taste and the gentlemanly feeling that prompted Mr. Russell to take not the slightest advantage of the knowledge he incidentally gained in the capacity of private secretary to the illustrious statesman and the best English friend that Ireland has ever had. In Mr. Russell's book we get a number of new and delightful glimpses of yoang Gladstone at Oxford 60 years ago. He and young Manning (nowCardinal) were fellow.stndents, intimate friends, and companions, and were accounted the most eloquent speakers at the meetings of the University Debating Society. At that time the Catholio Emancipation Bill was before,Parliament, Mid was also debated by the Oxford undergraduates in their society, young Gladstone making a singularly eloquent speech in its , favour, whilst young Manning made .'the ablest speech in opposition to ' it.- How the Cardinal of to-day must smile at the reoolledtion of that oratorical achievemen of his Protestant University days t Both Gladstone and Manning had finished their course, taken their degrees, and left Oxford a year or so before Cardinal Newman started the Tractarian movement and commenced the .great Catholic revival, whioh is still known by the name of the Oxford movement. In Gladstone and Manning's time Oxford was enveloped in the old, heavy, murky Protestant atmosphere. Here is what Mr. Russell tells as of the etate of Mr. Gladstone's religiouB opinions at Oxford:—" The blameless schoolboy became a blameless undergraduate; diligent, sober, regular alike in study and devotion, giving his whole energies to the duties of the place, and quietly abiding in the religious faith in which he had bees trained. Bishop Charles Wordsworth Bays that no man of his standing in the University habitually read bis Bible more or knew' it better. Cardinal Manning remembers Mm walking to churoh with his 'Bittleand Prayer-book tucked under I bis arm.' fee paid surreptitious visits to piasentjag chapels; denounoed Bishop Butler's doctiine that human nature is not wholly ocrrnpt; was enraged by a University sermon inwhieh Calvin had been placed on the same 1ml of orthodoxy as Sooinus; and quitted O^ord with a religious belief still «ntiMtaM&%, StonlfiT thrmlngj " <Mdl«M to aay, altar leaving to nt^f Jib. influenced by the Catholic revival, and when his two moBt intimate friends, Manning and Hope-Soott, were reconciled to the Catholio Church, many of his friends believed that he would follow them, and it is a well-established faot that he was in great mental doubt and perplexity at the time consequent : oh the admission of aolergyman toa benefice in the Churoh of England, who denied the dootrine of baptismal regeneration. His Catholic sympathies have greatly enlarged of recent years, and a faot stated by Mr. . Russell is highly significant—viz., that Mr. Gladstone " reveres St. Thomas AquinaB," whose works and philosophy Pope Leo XIII. has never lost an opportunity of commending to the Catholic world. Perhaps the most striking passage in the ' whole of Mr. Bassell's book is the one in whioh he shows the extent to which the Bpiritual side of Mr. Gladstone's nature affects and influences the manifold activities that are orowded into his busy life. Mr. Russell assures as that the religion in whioh Mr. Gladstone lives and moves and has his being is an intensely vivid and energetio principle, passionate on its emotional side, definite in its theory, imperious in its demands, practical, visible, and tangible in its effects. It runs like a silver strand through the complex and variegated web of his long and chequered life. We saw that he wished to take Holy Orders instead of entering Parliament. Had the decision gone differently, the most interesting of all the " Lives of the Archbishops of Canterbury" would still be unwritten. But the mere choioe of a profession could make no difference to the ground-tone of Mr. Gladetone's thought. While a politician, he was still essentially, and above all, a Christian— eome would say an eoclesiastic. Through all the changes and chanoes of a politioal career, as a Tory, as a Home Ruler, in office and in opposition, sitting as a duke's nominee for a pocket-borough, and enthroned as the idol of an adoring democracy, Mr. Gladstone Plays in the many games of life, that one Where what he most doth value must bs won. In fate own personal habits, known to all men, of systematic devotion; in his rigorous reservation of the Sunday for sacred uBes; in his written and spoken utterances; in his favourite studies; in his administration of publio affairs; in the grounds on which he has based his opposition to policies of whioh tie has disapproved—he has steadily and constantly asserted for the claims of religion a paramount place in public consideration, and has reproved the stale sciolism whioh thinks, or affects to think, that Christianity, as a spring of human action, is an exhausted ioroe. Altogether, this biographical study of Mr. CFlaflslbne can be recommended as the bestwritten and-the most reliable and authoritative thait has yet Appeared. There arehalfit-dozen or mare'catchpenny "lives" of Mr. Gladstone deealating both here and in the colonies, so it is a distinot advantage to have this book by a man who is thoroughly familiar with his subject and perfectly \oeftata of his facts. Oarfow, on Tuesday, gave a smashing blow to Parneli and Pamellism. It was one of the seats on which Mr. Parnell reckoned with absolute certainly, and, lot and behold, his'nbminee could only muster 1539 votes asagainst 3756 recorded for the Nationalist candidate. So sure was he of winning thfet, in a burst of outspoken confidence, he promised to regard Carlow as a testeleotion— to stand or fall by the verdict of the men of that county. Irish-Australians now know e&dugh; of Mr. Parnell's character not to need H6 be informed that he coolly and eyii'ically threw that pledge overboard when he foCnd his nominee badly beaten. After the declaration of the poll, bo far from saying that he accepted the verdict of the constituency, he brazingly announced his deteVminktion to ri^ht on, tocontest every bye- ^ibction, and oven if the general election went vig&kgt; him, to hold act as long as he had 'ppfc solitary supporter. of course, means tlhatthe mania now ahopelessJiTeooncilable Carlow, the most favourable cwutituency 'that he couia postfMy have contested, having thiiB so emphatically pronounoed against hlsleadorship, it is clear that he will have nothing Hke the dozen followers in the next Parliament that even the Nationalist* were prepared to see retained. The division of fhe County "WidMow, in which he lives, and In wfeteh he has spent some thousands of ppnndi in local improvements and thej Seratopmsntof mineral resources, will, no ( "jj&bt;, return himiM 1t« ttembcr, as 1w has not the ghost of a chance of being re-elected for Cork, and Dublin will, doubtless, send him a brace of supporters in the persons of Messrs. T. Harrington and J. J. Clancy. Nowhere else, except by acoident, can he expect to elect his nominees. Why he should persist in perpetuating strife when he has so little to gain—so little to hope for—is only intelligible on the supposition that he has thrown all his old statesmanlike attributes to the winds, and is allowing himself to be guided and actuated by blind frenzy and impotent fury towards the men who were compelled to depose him from the position he has dishonoured and disgraced. To-day all London is dressed in holiday attire, the German Emperor and Empress paying a State visit to the city for the first time since their accession to the Imperial throne. The young Emperor has paid flying visits to England on two oooasions, but knowing his unpopularity, and fearing a hostile reoeption, he did not venture to exhibit himBelf to the gaze of the London public. Sinoe his dismissal of Bismarck and his adoption of advanced views on the labour question he has, no doubt, improved his position with the British populaoe, but the comparative quietness and the laok of hearty cheering to-day showed pretty clearly that Londoners have not yet oonquered their dislike to the " young man in a hurry," as Pope Leo neatly Bummed up William the Second. Uncontrollable haste, restlessness, and a sort of feverish impatience are stamped on the young Emperor's countenance, and the widespread belief that there is a strain of insanity in his blood is oertainly justified by gome external symptoms. No doubt, the suffering he has to endure from his bodily defects is largely responsible for his con- stant disquiet and his erratio proceedings. A literary gentleman, who has studied him for some time in Berlin, tells us that he rides well, unlike most of the Hohenzollerns; has a British passion for the sea, fences admirably, swims and bowls well, and delightB in mountain climbing. He is extremely fond cf shooting, and looks out for sport in the most laborious and difficult form, and he is a splendid shot. All these accomplishments are made the more remarkable by the faot that his left arm iB practically paralysed. It iB four inohes shorter than its fellow, has a malformed hand with only rudimentary fingers, and is so wholly limp that he has to lift the hand to even place it on the hilt of his sword with his right hand. At the table a combined knife and fork, which slide into each other, is.plaeed beside him; and this he uses with much dexterity. His chief physical defect, however, is an internal inflammation of the ear. The physicians have not been able to determine what it is; but the Emperor makes light of it, and regards it simply as & local ailment. It, however, punishes him severely by sleeplessness, and iB, undoubtedly, accountable for much of hie fretful restlessness. It is after one of his sleepless nights that he finds relief in routing out the garrison of Berlin at four o'clock in the mooting. He usually rises at five, and gets through a prodigious amount of work every, ft fey. It ie no uncommon thing for him to spend four hours in his Berlin study; then take a train to Potsdam and spend the remainder of the forenoon in reviewing troops; then trot back •in the saddle with his staff, a distance of -over eighteen miles t devote the afternoon to 'the transaction of' business with his Ministers; receive and return the rails of some royal personages; then dine some- where and make a speeoh; and finally do some work on his return before going to bed. How long will the young Emperor be able to keep his machine going at such high pressure as that? And ie it not au extraordinary state of things that the pease pf Europe should be so largely dependent ou the frpake and caprices of this excitable " young man in a hurry?" It is surely about time that the "Old Catholics" shptdd leave off masquerading under that infelicitous title and call them, selves, what they really are, the "New Protestants." The movement of these latter-day heretics has resulted in an ignominious failure, and it they do not soon seek reconciliation with the Churoh from whioh they stupidly seceded twenty yean ago it will he their inevitable fate to be swallowed up by Borne one or other of the Protestant sects. In thoir dtyoial annual report, just published, we are told tl^at "at the forthcoming Bunsen coounemoration a reunion movement is to be inapgpijrtc^t in JAjjpb German Protestanta will associate with Old Catholic jreV .p.jrith f ^ A w o h - am," That h pactloaU/a «nulwi» <* failure, an admission that the " Old Catholics" are on their last legs,and can only be propped up by Lutheran and Anglican support. To find themselves in such queer company ought to open the eyes of suoh Catholic-minded people as have been deluded into oo-operatirig with the so-called " Old Catholio " movement. A Dublin telegram in to-day's London papers makeB an announcement whioh, if true, will occasion genuine regret amongst Irishmen all over the world. It is that the Nation appears to-day for the last time, after nearly half a century's existence. It is, of course, well known that the Nation has fallen back considerably of late years and has not wielded that influence over Irish opinion which it once very beneficially exeroised; still, it is a pity that a journal with such splendid traditions and suoh a distinguished past should vanish from the scene when the rospeots of the cause for which it was founded are bo bright and hopeful. Started by Gavan Duffy, Thomas Davis, and John lake Dillon, and subsequently spiritedly onducted by A. M. Sullivan, the Nation in heir hands was a representative and potential rgan of Irish opinion, but somehow or other t failed to adapt itself to the altered olitical conditions of the past ten years. But it will always be gratefully remembered for its priceless services to Irish nationality, the wealth of patriotic poetry it was the medium of giving to the Irish race, and the generous encouragement it always gave to very department of Irish literature. 