A2iOURNEY ACROSS` SIBERIA. By JetES CneBrlnx ROX WVLODYVOSTOK TO aSDnOLvor. It was a glorious June morning when we started, and we were in the highest of spirits. Our tarantasses were driven to. the door, our luggage adjusted with some little difficulty, and we were off. The yemtshiks, or drivers, started at a furious rate, and I discovered afterwards that those gentlemen all through Siberia dearly loved to go gaily through a town, but between the villages d they could jog along in the doziest fashion. We had scarcely gone half a mile before our fiery steeds, ambitious apparently of out flying the eagles, settled down into quite respectable roadsters, with such a pace as one sees to perfection when paying the cab e man by the hour. The tarantass is a vehicle which stands next to the Chinese cart as an instrument of torture. That it is ugly and clumsy is the smallest' fault to find with it-that might o be said of some good people I know who are the very salt of the earth-but the fault beyond all others is that it is without springs, and therefore every part of our economy is sorely bruised when the roads are rough andwe travel at night. On fair roads lectable vehicle can pound the unfortunate traveller until every separate bone in his body aohes. We are compelled to take our luggage inside with us,. as there is no con venience for carrying it.outside, and luggage is not the pleasantest of things to sleep on. The knobs and corners are distinctly in evidence during the night, as the yemtshiks then drive fast, being anxious to get to their journey's end, and fea?ing robbers. One may have dozed off at last, when a sudden collision with a root or stone will send you flying heavenwards, coming back to earth with a crash, or your tarantass lurches into a rut, and your head is banged against the side, which c:ther dazes you into meekness or arouses all the fire and fury of the latent Adam. Nevertheless, so great is the adapt ability of the human Irame to every kind of condition, that before my journey was ended I found I could sleep very soundly, even under the conditions of a tarantass. Adjust ment to surroundings is one of the great laws of nature, from the local politician to the Siberian tarantass. The road led along the shores of Victoria Bay. It is an altogether charming route, with pretty hills and valleys, the latter de bouching upon the bay, forest and open land, the whole giving promise of settlement in days to come. After a drive of 21 versts -the verst is two-thirds of a mile--we came to a post station, and I had before me the first sample of the hundreds that lay in front of me. The Russian Government has put a network of post routes over the face of the empire, and the system is a splendid one for facilitating communication. The stations are let by contract, the contractor being compelled to keep so many troikas of horses, a troika being a team of three, for it is a peculiarity of Russian driving that they universally have three horses instead of pairs, as else where. The cantral horse is between the shafts, andtrots. The othertwo are attached to the vehicle by means of ropes, and gallop or canter. The outside horses are trained to gallop with their necks bent round, the one looking to the left and the other to the right, so that as you sit behind they look like two immense notes of interrogation. The post stations on the Siberian route keep from three troikas to 15, and the cost is fixed by the Government at from 1ý to 3 kopeks per verst, or, to put it so that it may be better understanded of the people I am writing for, you get three horses to carry you 20 miles for a little under half a crown, with the services of the driver thrown in. Imagine getting three horses and a driver in any part of Australia at the rate of 2s. Gd. per 20 miles ! These are the rates west of Irkutsk ; east of that town the price is double. Yet it only emphasises the great fact of political economy, so little grasped by Australian writers and speakers, that whilst the dtfferice between prices in various countries may 1,be immense, the dif ,, i,. values mas be verylittle.,. The horses are just as well fed as those in Aus tralia, the drivers the same, though their food may not be quite as fine. Undoubtedly the Australian driver has much more of all good things than the Siberian yemtshik, yet nothing to represent the enormous difference in prices. The fact is that the difference is really one of mere counters, and not of actual value. We inflate our prices and seem to be paying much more; but, because we inflate all round, it practically reduces things back to exchangiug articles with high figures attached to them, whilst the real values remain untouched. If I sell a working man a hat at 20s., and he charges me a day's Work at 20s., we stand just the same as if we had agreed for 10s. or Is., and in this simple statement will be found the solution of many of the facts of the world where low-priced labour makes us either weep with pity at the sad fate of the country, or lift up our eyes to thank God that we Australians are not as those sinners in Asia or Europe. Prices or wages in any country are hardly to be considered as giving any standard of the well-being of the people. The real factors are the pressure of competition owing to pressure of popula tion, the productive capacity of the soil, and the industry and moral status of the people. At the second post station I met a Russian colonel who spoke German fairly well, and was immensely interested when- he learned I came from Australia. He made some very intelligent inquiries about this land, and we parted with high professions of esteem. Later on I found out that the idea that all Russian officers can speak another language than their own is an error. Quite one-half with whom I came in contact could speak nothing but Russian,. or, at best, a few words of French or German. The best lin guists of the world, as far as the official and and upper classes, are concerned are un doubtedly the Dutch; then the Germans, and after them the Russians. When I s'3y the Germans, I am not sure but eq'al with them are the Danes, Norwegians, and Swedes; allof these surpassing far theLatin races of every sort, and the English-speaking peoples everywhere. I think I have said before, and if not I say it now, that the Americans and Australians shape to be the worst linguists of the world because of their isolation. Even with the reoservatibns I have made about the Dutch and Germans, it is still true that the Ruessianos.:are, excellent linguists, and their pronunciation of any foreign tongue is far superior to any other nation. This may arise frcin the great variety of sounds in their own language. Some of these are quite unattainable to a foreigner. Our start was in glorious weather. Inthe afternoon it was overcast, towards evening it began to drizzle, and about 8 o'clock it was raining torrents. The whole of the Amoor Province coast is noted for wet, no less than S230 days out of the year being rainy. It became dark as pitch, and at last we got I bogged. We had to get out and trudge Salong the muddy road, slipping and stumb ling as we went. Ibegan to reflect upon the fact that I had 6,000 miles ahead before reaching the -Ursl Mountains, and to ask myself what sort of a journey this was likely to be if the first 50 turned out in this fashion. i Trudging wearily on, and becoming wetter and more miserable, I began to ask myself Sfurther if I was quit sane when I first re Ssolved to undertake this journey. I knew some of my friends had no manner of doubt whatever-they thought I was as Smad as a March hare, and the doubt began to rise in my mind if, after all, they weren't pretty right. The average manis a comfort loving rabbit, easily scared by discomforts Sand dearly loving his own burrow, hating r strange food and.,strangs bes,- prepared to. gish -with rapture over the glories of'the SHimalayas, if yod take hiin up the heights in a lift, dr to exiplore foreigi lads, if hecan do it-ink first-class carriage. ,The istay-at-. home'shiopkeeper spirits are. tha.special batWe noircsi of travellers, and,to, feel that theyar Sright and yon are wrong ispeclialy lling to the enterprising :-souls who break fresh ground- or - de~irt from beaten and therefore comfortable trticki. 'Thi~ s \- musing, with. .certain b?ittej;ness of unreasonable resentmentet agamstsome goqi Sfolks at home, as 'if they were in some :e fashion responsible for my troubles now, I .plodded on, getting more and more doggedly resolved as I plunged into the mud that I would ,ot go back at any cost, but would see it through just to spite the critics ! At last the dim lights of the little town of Rasdolnoi came in sight, and about half-past 10 we were in shelter for the night. It was a miserabld post station-one of the worst on the whole Siberian road. There were two poky little rooms, and there were no less than ten men of us to occupy them. As we had all come off the muddy roads, the condition of the floor may be imagined. I selected the least dirty spot I could find, and, spreading my rug out, I endeavoured to sleep. It was not the sleep of the righteous. An uneven wood floor, with merelya railway rug on it, is not eminently conducive to comfort, and the result was that I got up in the morning bone-sore and weary. Even if I had been more comfortable, one stertorous gentleman would have murdered sleep even more effec tually than Banquo's ghost. His splutterings and explosions, his small artillery of snortings and heavy cannons of long drawn anorings, exceeded anything I had ever heard in my life. The other Russians took it all calmly, and then dropped off, shough they commented upon it in the morning, but it kept me m a fever of helpless irritation. What could be done under such circumstances? I could not talk to him, and even if I could, I don't suppose it would have done the slightest good. It was the man's misfortune, not his fault. We are searching about for magnificent inventions wherewith to bring the ends of heaven and earth together; will some practical lover of his species invent a mnachine which, when fitted to our ears, shall make us oblivious of all disagreeable sounds, from snoring to applications for loans ? That would be genius yoked to benevolence, and there would be a fortune in it. We made a scraggy breakfast the following morning, and started amid pouring rain. It was a wretched journey; and yet, as we pro ceeded, all the wretchedness could not prevent me eagerly watching the country and adnuiring its beauty. Rolling hills and downs, lightly clad with beautiful clumps of trees, river flats of the best soil, made a landscape of great beauty, and told us of the possibilities of settlement in this remote and. unknown part of tte earth. We ran alongside thne Iver Saifun part of the way, and some of its turns and bends were exceedingly lovely; and from a practical standpoint I should suppose it will become navigable for a considerable dis tance from its mouth for moderate- sized craft. We epassed over a good deal of country greatly resembling the soil and rocks of Kyneton, now beginning to be occupied. It was a lovely country, the soil far superior to the average round Ielbourne, and I found myself asking the question on this second day out from Vladivostok, which I asked myself, a hundred times before I 1efty Siberia, what will this country be? the quality of the soil was a revelation, the beauty of the scenery a surprise, and the fact that it hab stood a solitary wilderness alongside of China and Japan, with their crowded millions, a surprise greater still. Brefore I have finished these papers I shall try to give an answer as to what Siberia and the Amoor provinces are likely to become. 