IRovclist. 'frUW AT STAKE. :,V",;By MRS-HARRIET LEWIS, Author o/.-V TJi&iiouie; of Secrets," ", Vivian Egrcmont," "*><''We\l t ;yti\\\,"'rilalaei Tbcrwoll, with a i ellRhlimpationoein hie tone; " I'll wrlto out l tbe for you. You oan send your . boy ior il aomo evening, for it won't do for . 'tns to 'be seen too niuoh at tho Arms, ,or for you to be scon hero until after the ,'wedding. I' thcro shonld bo any mishap, .you know, it would be as well In prove that "we have recti nothing ot each other, and con ". ocquently cannot hure been engaged in a conspiracy." ? ? ii Then wall make out the agreoment to .night. I've got a dark lantern hero under my ooat, and paper, pen, and ink in my pocket." -???.. . With increasing impatience Thcrwell ob jeoted to this proposition, declaring that tbo light might bo Been fioni the minaton. ; "Then we'll go to tbo bottum of tho garden," said the innkeeper, doggedly ?? There'e a summerhouso tbcro ,aa tight' as a drum, witl) curtains to tho winilowu end alock to. tho door.' I'vo'been.thcro often, in tbo dayswbcu 1 was valet to Sir Allyn'a father." ' ?? - ?'..??] !?.? ?? .."?-.:. > ... ,_?'..-. ... After" minntd'e.delay; Tberwell acceded to the rrqiictt;. the ;iwo,liien quitted;,tho bower/and set potfor the; summer-house, ' ?.?ilfi f .!a.m|f?' - iiiUifei*a- when tbo sound of tboir fo'otatope hnd_aie<3 away.: \ ; .' ;'?' "They'll get what they deserve somo day, I don' 4 T I .. _-.„,. ! oame yon lierfe?" whispered Ildo, changing.hor position,vwhioh hnd beoome lic?Bome.l ?: M 1.;., n >l-i. -;. , v ...-,.:: j '? " [ was ruy window and Ban Therwell.on'rteJawriMn. front, acting as if he were waiting for someone, raiep, and, thinking he might not moan any good,' I Blipped downstairs and followed him into the garden. They had been talking half an hour when you same. Bid. you ccc them' too, miss ?". ??;.,???' ' ? i ?: -, -'-? No,, and but for your warning I shoi'.d have walked directly into their presence," ?aid : Ildo. "It was a strange, provideoon that you should, havo saved mo from each disaetor," ? .?-.-? , v .. ?.?-.,.-.. . ...... ?; ;.-' jY "I may yet eavo you from a'.greatjr griof (.than that, Mise Dare," responded the woman; I- signiGoantly. "Jour kindnese to mc, n poor j wayfarer, l will yet return in';blessings upon . your own head.. I cannot toll you mure now I —Ihave not time; but Iprpphosy that you L.will.neyer rnsrry Ititrwell."'? J , ?' " : ??? iM never Willi' l can help it., . , , :- '' ; .' -'.'But Vi oan -and. will.'.prevent, it, Miss "Dare,"Vdeclared.Jlrs. Amry, energetically. " AVith one wavo of my hand I oould. dispel .the clouds that now envelope your pathway, * but 1 am not sure th&t; I oould restore your lather's' pekoe of mind." ???::."..' -: ?.. \\." I oould not.be happy il papa wore miser able, said Ilde, plaintively. ?? .-? .:' . " I should have said that with one wave of my hand I could prevent this marriage," amended tho woman. ?' I ' think I oould itnako Thorwell release your father, too; but if be has proofs of aught, against him I must wait and see. One week more—wait with hope and patience for a single week, Miss Dare." . ' ? ? "Ton have then seen Thorwell before, Mrs. Amry ?" questioned the baronet's daughter. . " Saen him 1" cried the -woman, in a voice of passionate energy, through which ran a wailing undertone. "But for him, Mies Bare,! should have been the proudest and bnppicst woman in tlfo wortd'fb night, i He wna a deadly serpent who crossed my path way, only to- blast and destroy my peace of mind. I vowed thet I would havo rovengo. roryoarsl have sought him, and sought in vain. I camo here discouraged, worn-out, despairing. You gavo mo food and shelter, and hero I stumblod upon him by accident It you had sent mc awuy.'t end her voico was lull ol improasiveness, ?? 1 should not have found him, and you would bavo been doomed to a bitter, bitter, bitter life with him I" Ildo drew nearer to.the woman; looking at her with a face full of paoaionato ca?ernes?. a< migbt bo scon in tho Hubdaed starlight. It seemed to tho girl as it her prnyerc bad been answered. Bho had desired to meet with someone to whom tho paat life of Tborwell was fully known, and a cry of joy aroao to h " ''P 3 a? she folfthat sho had found ~. ?'? IU ' he won, an eho had fod and sheltered. „' Yoa Therwell, then!" übo said. Uo yon know of anythiog in his iifo whioh no would shrink from oxposing T Has he ever broken of ,„„ J?ll mc, dear Mrs. Ainry, that I may have a??in 9 Thfm D " W " h Wilich '? d6,end ? yeel£ woman, arising, and standing ercot " I aaeured that you shall never be hia wife 1 will defend you." Ilrf B o h f e u Poke w , i , th BUI!h ,orco ?' manner that Ilde felt compelled to have faith in her. ?J. 5- W ?T* n ,ooked at har thoughtfully. .. teeardtng her attire, and tho ripplimi w?vc? 'n OW & if-t h, "" UrrOUnde,l b " 'htoa lolking '%. '? ? I ,' le B yo'or paTdon, Miss Dare but the sZ r il" CTylliter ' Yi,a ""?'"???a"orriding aban w "? n ?^?o 1 '?M " to think of ' β-ii. ' ""' indeed ! " ropponded Ilde. Then „ ' "B ul ? woman, wLo had promised to addM ?" 'T th 6 in 'P<"<]!n* marriage, she ?.tl '? " wh,fl P er . " I am t'oinc, with mv , lather-s oon.ont, and -oil attended, to fleawh for tho written compact of which Therwell epokol" ; " You are going to his piece called 0?k. Bbaw !' lido aggentcd. ' The woman reflected a moment, and then said: "You ore right, Misu Dare. The paper must bo found and destroyed. With that out of the way, your father may bo Ettvcd If I knew what was in that paper, I might be able Still, if tho document be _ what I eur.pect, it ought not to be in existence. Uo, Mieo Dare, and may Heaven proppor you errand. Go, before those men return thid way " There were many quentionn which Ilde longed to aek, but Mra. Amrj's la?t words deoidcd_ her to depart upon her errand ct Guou, Ilv-'Boiviuf; to gain tho confidence- ot this woman on her return, eho propsod her hand, said a fey words of thanks, and turned to go. " Stop I" eaid Mra. Amry, aa the Rirls ntood in tho arched opening of tho dull. "Mips Dare, Thorwcll once pjsecsbud a Binall equnro mahogany box in which he kept his private paper*. It was a valuable one, inlaid with a gold wreath on the top, and ho pri/.ed it very bi?bly. It had a falce bottom, which opened by proving ono of tho Raid leaves in the front. If that box bo at Oikhhaw, it han this paper concealed in it. 1 have heard him say that it waa the most oecuro placo that could bo dovi?od for tho concealment of anj thing of value. Look for it." With thifl parting injunction Bho again bogged tho maidon? to hasten their departure before tho return of Therwell. They oboyed her, hurrying away under tho shadow of tho shrubs and bushes to the appointed rendezvous. It wi>s a brief walk, made eventful by ?overal alarms, Misa Aredale, fanoying thm Therwell was following them, or that nli* heard tho two men'a footsteps ; but Ildo on- and reassured her, and they at length reached their destination in safety. At tho door of tho stable-yard, a nealK paved conrt, they found Jarmin, tbe groom in whom Ildo had confided, and who was to accompany them. He wee an honoet-faced, gray.haired man whose dnty it had always boon, since her earliest childhood, to attend upon his young mistrcas in hor riding excursions. As Ildo had said, ho was devoted ot her; but oven Ildo did not know with what slave-like fidelity tho old groom olung to the honse and name of Dare, or with what worshipping reverence bo regarded tho lovely young beircse ot its fame and fortunes. Hβ camo forward, bowino. with nn? hand uplifted, and said: " It you plcaao, Miss lido, I thought I saw a ooupla ot men—servants most like— prowling around in the gardens a litllo whilo egn, and, an tho journey was to be secrot, I made bold to take tho horses round to the park, knowing that you always have tho kevo to tho park gates." '? You have dona well, Jarmin," said hie young mistroce. "Wo have boon delayed a little, but quick riding will mako up for lost limo, Wβ will start at once." Tho greom obeyed, and set out with rapid step toward tho spot where tho horses were in waiting, the two young ladies, hand in hand, following him. It was but a few steps to Eden Park, and a brisk walk of a few minutes brought them to tho waiting steeds. Tho horses were complotely capari soned for the journey, and Ildo mounted her favorilr, a fleet, graceful Arabian. ?;: Miss Arsdalc was assisted upon the back of a thoroughbred animal which blio always rode, and tbo groom vaulted upon tho back ot a ewitt-footed horso, whioh was the special favorite of Sir Alljn. ",We will rida through the park, pass the the lake; and go out by the lowor park gate," ?siil-Ilde, in. a low tone, "Rido quietly until we reach tho road, else we may be beard 1" Tho groom fell baok behind the two young ladles, and tho horses proceeded at a quiet pace upon the route designated. Meanwhile,, tho woman whoso assnranoe had done so muoh to lighten thebeartof Ilde stood for a foff momenta in tbe little dower jeoked nook, gazing in tho direction the young Udies had taken. "Idon't know but I did wrong to advise her to go," Bbo mused. "Perhaps, after all, this journey i< unnecessary. Therwell will give up the paper if I nero to demand it ns Ihd .prion of foregoing my revenge. Still, to inaka all care, she had better got it. Sbo aaid eho would bo woll attended. Donbtlc??, eho takes hall a dozen servants with her. She is safe enough, whoever may bo in the house." ' ??'-?: .; '..Despite this eeU-nseurannco, the woman's ruonnor was uneasy. Sbo half started in pursuit of Miss Dare, and then, chiding her self for her tolly, shrank back again into tho shade of the little nook. She was standing there, thoughtful and abstracted, with a strange gleam on her grim faco, her fingers working .nervou?ly together, when, footstep" woro heard upon tho gravelled walk, lowand cautious tones were distinguishable, and she was made aware of the return ct the con federates. Therwoll's voice sounded as bland and smooth as ovor; Hoadley'a was lull of sup pressed exultation. As the voice of the former penetrated her .hearing, sbo became, at once alort and vigi lant. The abstracted look gave place to an eager expression, and eho leaned forward listening intently. But ehe ooald gather nothing from their words, except that Tborwcll had written and signed the document demanded by tho inn keeper. Thoir business wae evidently corj clnded, and thero were no allusions made to the baronet's daughter or to the approsohing marriage. They passed tho laburnum bower, walking slowly BDd almost silently; she stole out from her concealment and arept aftor them, taking care that her footsteps should not be heard, and that her movements should be screened by the bnshes. In thie way they passed around tbo mansion, and entered into tho deeper shade of the lawn, ' . More fearless now, Mrs. Amry crept aesvrcr. The confederates, to hor groat disappoint meat, merely reiterated tboir mutual promises, ana then separated, the satisfied innkeeper departing for KJcnville, end Thcrwell lighting a oigar, and walking slowly up and down tho wido avenuo. Mrs. Amry looked at him from behind a clump of shrubbery, with gloaming eyes and a face fnllof pn??ionftto hatred. A life-time of bitterness and angnieh compressed iteclf into a ainplo burning look that might have scorched even his guilty eon>, and ebe lifted her nrm as if invoking voDgeanoo upon him. Perhaps somo mysterious instinct warnod him of tho presence of an enomy ; perhaps that look really penetrated to his soul; or porhapo eomo eubtlo chord that had onoo bound him to that woman in somo way, but whioh had boon broken, began to ro-aeserl its influence, so that he felt that eho wan near. Whatover tho cause, it was cor tain that ho stopped abruptly, looked around him unoaeily, and then his eettled upon tho woman, who was plainly visible to him. Sho presented a Dtrango, weird picturo as eba etood thore, tho lower half of her person in the shailb of the biielie?, her faco leaning out toward bin), with tho etnrli|;ht reefing full upon it, exaggerating itH wild, paesionato i sprceeion, ite pallid wbitenesx, its menaoing Kic/U, and giving oven a spectral -appearance to her uplifted arm. , lie staggered back appalled, the oigar drop, pieig from his lipn, and his limbs trembling beneath bin weight. Aβ nha miirkul the effeotof her appearance upon him; a mooking emilo flitted over tho woman's etern 11pp. >? I I thought Mio wan dead 1" mattered Thorwell, unconsciously, his smoothness and blandnesH of ninnncr (rone, ami a cold pers piration breaking out upon hie large, round fncc. " Alive I alive ! and hero to ruin mc I A'ive, and eager lor revongo I" He nroaned involuntarily, but sustained himself by leaninn ajtiiin*t a tree. Tho ehocU of seeing her had been so Eudden and un prepared for, that he felt his presence of mind deport him, his courage fado away, and for o> moment ho was almost para lvecd. lint only for a moment. Tho woman gavo utterance- to a mockinf,- kind of laugh, that sent tbo blood tingling through hie vein*, and which ncemed to cet his heart arul brain on fire, and nerved him to action. With a quick and eudden bound, like that of a beam of prey, he nprang toward her. gained her covert, and found that Bho Hha had vanished ob utterly and corn pletely aa if Bhe had become invioiblo. Wondering, and alarmed, hohurried in and searching everywhere, but in vain, fi>r this myetcricu? appearance. There wu? a vein of superstition in his nature that made, itself perceptible at that moment ; with liaiba trembling, heart beat ii:g furiously, ho huriicd towmd th.!iuan?ion, wiping tbe clammy dew from hid faco Oβ ho muttered: " Tho old Biipcrntitiori? ore not at fault. Why docs she appear to mo ? L'jt her oomo us often 03 she likes," he added, recklessly, " bo lone as ehc rioce not como in the flesh. I am less afraid of ber ghost than of her living body." Again that wild, supernatural laugh rang out on tho night air. With a ftiQcd shriek .Therwell rushed into the houpt?, bolted the door, and crept up to hie room in silence and in terror. And then tho strango woman arose from tho midst of tho clump of buelics, where she had fallen prostrate aud ramaiuod unseen; she then returueii to the hou?O, and her own room, murmuring: " ilo has had a f uretaeta ol misery to-night. I'iiFre jet remains v brimming cup which he n?u-? drain drop by drop. Yen, Ude Due, you ahall bo freed, and I eball bo nTanged I" CHAPTER XXV. i. BTi?TLED XACK IN THE DOOIIWAT. " Tbinkeu n,t ii there dwells no courage bat in bruaitH That eet their mail against the ringing epears, When helmets are struck down ? Thou little knowest Of nature's marvels."—Mrs. Uemane. Aβ the little .party of adventurers rodo quietly onward through tho hush and silence of the night, with the breezes whispering solemnly from the bonding trees of tbo forcst-liko park, the utara shining tranquilly down through thu overarching foliage, Ildo felt assured that the right would yet triumph over tho wrong, and that her exertione on hor father's behalf would bo bleeaod by Him who notes oven tho taintunt omotions of tho human heart. With her courage quickening into new life, the blood comsing more evenly in her her mind, eho rodu on, her bright'eyca up lifted, an if drinking in strength from tbo loveliness of the night, and her soul absorbed Ucr friend, Kate Aredalo, made no at tempt to intrado upon lido's eilonce. With her hand upon the rom, and her eyes fixed eteadily upon tbo path thoy were pursuing, eho relinquished all care and thought to Ildo, content to follow her guidance. In this manner they noarcd Eden Lake, where Bir Allyn'a daughter bad twrce encountered Lord Tressilliao, nnd whore she had learned from him the oweet old story of love. The (.under influences lingering about lbs spot modes themselves tell by Iliio oven now, and ebo drooped her gaze and looked lovingly upon tbo saono, while faer ohooks burned hotly, end she turned her bead away Blightly, as it fearing that her friend might rend her faoe by the starlight. Eden Lake had never looked lovelier in tbo full glow of eunahino than it did now when bathod in the liquid silvery glow of the faint night-light, its bosom reflecting the fringing trees and tho myriad stare, and its gay little boat house. Kate Arsdale surveyod it with renewed appreciation, then uttered a frightened exclamation. " What ia; it, doar?" questioned Ildo, aroused from her pleasant traoco. " I am sura I see a man yonder lying on the bank," was tbo agitated response. "Look, Ilde; be raises hie head and looks stus. Who can be bo? What oan ho bo doing in Kdcn Park at this hour?" Ildo glanced in the direction indicated, and beheld the figuro of a man Btrctchcd in a careless attitude upon the ground on the spot where eho hid first seen Lord Trcsaillion. He had raised his head, and was supporting it upon his hand, while he quiutly surveyed tho little party of niaht riders. Miss Dare, in a flutter of anxiety, checked her horse at once. Her friend did the eamc, and they waited until tho old groom, who wan but a fair paoes behind, came up, and then they engaged in a brief consulta tion. "It is important that this adventure should remain unknown," declared 11,1 c, uneasily. " But at the very outset wo nro threatened with discovery. lie may havo already recognised us. What can we do, Jarmin?" " Let mo go on ahead, MissDaro," repb'ed tbo groom, sturdily. "In my opinion tho man's a poaoher, and ho won't mention this meeting for bin own sake. II ho ain't a poaoher, I'll give him a blow and stun him like, and I wouldn't give a farthing for his aioruory utter that." Hβ essayed to pasuhie yonng mistress, but she detained him. Sbo bad been watching the indolent intruder, who, at tho very mo mont of Jarmin's threatening, appeared to start violently, nnd who had now sprung up lightly, and w?n advancing iownrun tUa little party at a swift and easy gait. ICato Arsdale uttered a faint Bcrcnra. Bat lido, with blushes soarccly to be seen in the starlight, reoogniscd the object of hor sillian. Her instinct, even more than bcr eyesight, assured her of hie identity, and a delicious sense of embarrassment crept over her, and she pulled at her reins, uncertain whether to beat a hnsty retreat or to meet him. A oonviction, however, that ho bad already recognised her, decided her to pureuo the latter course. . : A word to. Jarmin aauaed him to fall back, bnt ho stationed himeolf oloso behind her, in a threatening attitude, ready to leap from his horse nt the slightest indication that a defender was needed. L:>rd Trossillian came up, adyaneed to Hdo'e eido, and, with an cipreenion of as. tonishraont, exolaimed : ?'lβ it you, thon, Mies Dare? I thought at first that I must ba expcricnoini; an optical illueion. I was not certain but that my imagination had conjured up tho welcome ipparition but tho aight of Mien Aredalo and your attendant convinced mo to tho contrary. This is a strango hour lot n ride." " It is, indeed," returned Iltle,endeavoring to avoid tho keen, clear glanoo of her lo'or. " It is n. strange hoar, also, {or a ntroU in a neighbor's park, i? it not ?'? " You can imogino wby I am hero, lido," whispered tho young viseonnt, leaning bin hand upon her horao's ncal; and drawing nearer to her. " Tho scene hallowed by our iirtt meeting in tho cienrest epot in tho world to mc Thia in not tho firat tirao I have haunted this ])laoo. living over again our mooting*, and endeavoring to dorivo hope and comfort for the future from your re mombereil words. My heart was hesvy to. night, nnd I fancied 1 might lighten it of its burden hero, and plan out a future in whioh [ should bo more than a matoli for Thcrwell. But you, Ilde," and hie voico trembled with hopcfalncsp, " did you aomo hero to drea-n of mc? Ol course not," ho added, his tone sinking to ono of disappointment, " or you would not come attended. Tell mc where you arc ?" Ilde hesitated, and then jaij, confusedly: " I cannot tell you, Gay." ?'Not tell mo 1" bo repeated, In surprise. Then, with a look of geotlo authority that well became hie dark, bright face, and with a tender persuasiveness of manner, bo added : "Bat you must tell mo, my darling 1 Do you think I con let you wander about at midnight, wilb no protector but your groom?" " You rnuflt truat my judgment and Benfo, G&y;," returned the maiden, mcetiDg hie gaze frankly. "I nni going, with my father'e approval, to search lor Bomutbin?, tho pos. (session or which ie necessary to big happi ness and bin lite. I cannot now tell you nioto. But do not detain vi longer. Every Some day you bhall know all." '* In your own good time, dear Ildo," responded her lover, with a look of lovo and faith. ?' I ehall not neck to intrudu into your confidence!; nor will 1 delay you any longer. J will walk beeido you to the lower the fenoo." Ho relinquished hia bold upon Tldc'a horn*?, exchanged greetingfl with Mits Arndale, appDlogieintf 'or hie previous inattention to hor, Bpoko kindly to the old grooni, who had rccofjniecd him with a look ol delight, nod who now retrented, mueintj upon tho hopc? be had onou, with all tin: Dare rotnincra, entertained, that tho familiou ol tho Dares and Trepailliana might bo united through tho youngest eciona oJ tho respective* houece. Tho young girls and the vleeount kept up a desultory conversation ob they proceeded through fhu park, diseuesiug tho loveliness of the ni|;ht, and various other subjecte far removed fio:n llio thoughts LRitaling each tirenst. On reaching thu j-ato, lido gave tbo key ro Lord TrcKeillian, who unlo;kcd it, and aftor tho whole party had poseod through lockrd it again, putting tho key into bin own pocket. His boreo nai standing where ho had led him, tied beneath the nhado of a spreading tree, and impatiently trampling tho earth. Tbo young nobleman went up to him, sootbed him by a word and a touch, untied him, leaped upon his back, and them rodo baok to ilde. "Mies IJuro," be said, as nhc extended her gauntletcd hand in token of farewell, " I bfg you will permit mo to become your escort. You muet be running many dangers in undertaking an adventuro liko this. You do not know whom you may meet on There oau be no possible impropriety in my beooining tho fourth of your party any moro than if I wcro your brother. Sball I not go, Ildo?" The maiden hcaitatod, especially 03 Koto Aredalo looked at her beseechingly, and Jam .in was heard to utter his approval of the request. "If yourcfuso me,"continued the viscount quietly, " I shall be compelled to follow your steps at a little distance, and alone. I could not eleep U I wcro to go home, awaro of your oxposure to danger, and 1 shall cither go with you or follow you. Which eball it bo ?" Ildo still remained undecided, when, glancing op tho road in the direction of Kdoncourt, ebo beheld Hoadley, tho inn keopor, advancing rapidly, as if desirous of making himself acquainted with the members of tho little group. Her dcoiaion woo made at once. "Go with ua, Lord Tro?eillian," sho said, quickly. " And now wo must hurry oa our way. Come 1" Sho eot the example by giving the rein to her fleet Arabian, and her companions followed Bait. In a few moments the baffled innkeeper had beaoxne lost to view* - The little party, avoiding the village ol Kdonville, took a road tbat skirted it, and were soon fairly on their way to Oak ehaw. For some time silence prevailed. The maidens felt a sense of additional security in the presence of Lord Trcssillian, and Kato Aradale resumed her revorie with increased satisfaction, while Ilde thought long and earnestly upon the afltiira at present claiming her attention. ? ? 1 The young nobleman had no wish to break tho charmed silence. It wasrapturo to him to ride beside lido, to look upon her glorious beauty unobserved and unreoukod, to watch the play of expression upon her features, sweet mouth. Hα forgot, in hie present enjoyment, tho diOiculticsof hie own pecuni ary affairs—forgot everything except that he loved tho daughter of Sir Allyn Doxc, and his resolution never to relinquish her to an other. They rode swiftly along over country roada, bordered by hedge*, through green country lanes, shadowed by drooping willows, over rut,tio atone bridges, and once or twice through small hamlets, from tho windows of which nightcapped hcadK lookod out in wild amazement upon the licet night riders, and then retreated, pslo with alarm. They avoidoj tbo towns and villages upon their route, keeping to tho retired roads whenever practicable. The groom knew the road to Oakshaw well, but Lord Tresaillian proved a Btill better guide, for he was acquainted with all tho by-lanes and paths across tho desolate oommons, by traversing which, several milo ot tho journey wero saved. Ildo had good reason to oongratulate hureelf that sbo bad accepted hie escort. They passed lonely country housca, wrapped ia gloom, dwollings in which a single light burning dimly, told them of a nick-bed and a pale watcher ; mansions bril liantly ligutcil, and giving forth sounds of musio, mirth and revelry; and at last a beautiful cottagcornco, its windows all lighted, appearing from between a very bower ol folioE*. Ilde loooked at tbo house with intense in " That ia tho house where tbo Into Admiral Wilmor lived," said Lard Troesillian, mark ing her change o( exproaiUon. "It has been oloscd for years, but was opened tho other day lor tho rcoeption dl Mis 3 who hae Hoovered fraiu htr Ung insanity, as I heard to- day at Edcnville from a nativo of West tlexton. Tfccro atcmi to be sorao mystery about MUu Wilnier, and there is a her property from fallin,~ into the hands of a relative, bnt tho namo of hor husband is an known." " 1 mast call upon her very soon," oaid Ilde. " Tho few miles between her homo and Edencourt need not bo a ban icr to social and friendly intercourse. Pupa used to i Tohongo visits with Admiral Wilmer. In deed, we aro really neighbors, Mies Wilmer and I, and I hope we shall be fricnil?. Sbo Bighod faintly an eho remembered why Bbc desired the friendship of Mk? Wilmer—bur principal rcaeon being to dis cover tho whereabouts of Saawcroes, the third witness againet her father. But ohe had at heart a longing also to oomfort the maiden whooc life had been shadowed by sup. posed insanity, and to minister with loving gloom had not entirely departed. She Uept her oy.s fixed upon llonrcpos, as if loth to withdraw them, and even turned bar head and regarded it long of tor sbo had pnaiail it. not whon its lights became hidden from her view by intervening trees, eho thought of her journey's ond and devoted bar thoughts to devising her course vrben che Bhould have arrived at Oakshaw. The travellers ekirtod Wo el Hoitnu, and oontinued thoir journey, bat no longer in complete Hilenca. Encouraged by the un spolton eyrupathy of hoc lover, Hdo told him nonirthinK of the object of her Journoy, find requested his aasietnnco in searching for tho important paper. She told him also of tho conversation nbohnd overheard in Edonoouit Riirdone botween ThcrwoH nnd Iloadloy, proving that an aatual conspiracy existed agaiO?t Sir Allyn, and confided to him tho asauranoea of the mystcrione ecarnstrcsa con- O3rninf; tlio mahogany bos in which the paper pospibly bo concealed.' ?? I should liko to know who Mm. Arnry ? i," eho oaid, tboUKhtfully when ebo had cou cludcd her recital. " Tbero ie a myetory about her which I cannot fathom. She ban known Thcrwcll, it id evident, but whera and when and under what cirouruelnnco?t And for why does she do?iro revenso ?" " I'erbaps che ij hie wife whom he haa do ficrtcd," Btirceatcd Lord Trepi-illian. " It cannot bo, (or eho ie older than ho is —much older. Tier hair ie grey and. her face in wrinkled. 1 am euro eho cannot bo bis wife. Besides he in too cautious to tbink of raarryinc again with ono wifo in exis tence. " Then eho may be hia mother? ,1 " Impossible," uaid lid.-. "They do cot look in tho leant alike. Beaide-u, no inothor wou!d have purnued her eon for yearn with thoughts of ruvengo. I liavo canvauaed al ready the two pouaibilitice you bavo fiugguHtrd, Clay, and I am convinced that both fonic deeper myntiryin hor hatred than any thing wo can understand and surtniec. It remains only to wait aud see. l'*3rhape tituo will Bolvo it." Shu pitted her horse pcutly, and he aprang away at hor behest, atoning bin neck, and Kata Arsdalo and Lord Trcnilliau kept at her Aide*, but the chief conversation bad been broUen and wnu nut renewed. The long andrapid ride at length drew near ita close. Tbe> wall? of ihe orim and Rroy old mansion, (Unked by two ivy-clad round towcrp, aroeo beforo tbent, and Lord Treeillian declared thin manaion to bo thut of Oiliiihow. . "1 know it well,"hssnid, as Ildo slackened her pace. "It was onco the residence of a friend of my father, and I have explored nearly every nook aud corner within its boundaries. I hope, vro Bhall not find many servants in poDsoieibn." Ildo and Kate echoed tho hope, and the anxious eyes. It wnu not quite- three hours ein-o they had quitted Edencourt. and there was as yot no sign of tho morning's dawn. " Wo have a couple of hours before us, CJ ay," she said. "During that tiino wo oan ccrtaiuly accomplish our object. Don't you think so? , ' To Lord Troesillian, who did not thoroughly comprehend its necesiity, tho ex pedition bad something ol a quixotto air, but ho concealed his own convictions, reply ing that if they failed it should not be be caused they desarved failure. Tho mansion bad now become plainly visible, and tho ontiro party regarded it anxiously. It was as grim and (jray on a nearer view ac when Been from a dietnnco, and there were aigos of decay about the double portico, and thu whitewashed walls and tottering chimneys. Oβ three sides was a plain, open lawn ; on the fourth an overgrown and ill-kept shrubbery. Too dwelling Flood at no great distance from tho road, and tbo travellers observed piles ot brick and mortar littering tho ground, as if ropaire wcio io Lord Tressillian derived an idea from tho latter fact at once. With a keen glance up and down tho road, ho ordered a halt in the sbado of the shrub bery and said: " Thcro is a broken place in the palingn shutting in these trcis, and Jnrmin had better take tho horses in there and keep guard over them."-X'lioy can rent there, and be ready for our ueo should we require them suddenly. Whilo ha is thus occupied, we will cock an entranae into tho house. Per haps tho workmen who haro undertaken tho repairs may have left some available spot of ingress." The girls accoded to this plan at once, and alighted from their tired steeds, gathering up th'o skirte of their habits. Tho viscount conducted tho groom to the broken palings, and himself selected a littlo dell, surrounded by tali young trees, as a hiding-placa for tho horses and their guardian. 11 You will be secure hero, Jarmin,*' he said, 'from observation of pasners-by as well as from that of the inmatea of the dwelling. Wait for us hero." The man prornieed oberlienoe, and Lord Tressillian returned to the expectant tfirle. They were pacing up and down in tho flbade, rejoicing over the doep ehadow that had suoeeedod the brilliant starlight, end de olaring their belief that it would bo eaey to reach the houso unseen. Lord Tre?sillian confirmed tleir worda as ho came up, and proposed that they should make tbo attempt at once. He led tho way, opening the littlo lawn gate nouelsssly, and the maidens followed him, their hoarts throbbing with excite- There were a few small trees here and to another of these, the two girls imitating his movements, and all gradually ncaring tho house. lCcipinga vigilant watch upon the various windows, moving with tho utmoet caution, forbearing even to speak to each other, they at lungtb gained the shade of the "So far so good," oftid tho young noble man, calmly, wiping bis hnmid brows. " Sit down, yonng ladies, while I go upon an exploring tour. 1 flhall oxpeot to find yon here whon I return." Without waiting for a reply, bo glided away in tho direction of tlio mansion, and the (wo girls sat down upon a broad step, and congratulated each ether in whispers that their journey bad been so soon and well per formed. "I am euro wo phall bo Bucoaisful, dear Ildo," said Koto, pressing the hand of her friend. "If we (j9t tho paper you want, and you can find that Shauoros? and bribe him to ait rightly, how happy wo ehall bo 1 You -j[> It.- r^P (l nut of itoot", ??wi?rH Mr*. Ainry, and give a grand ball, and marry Lord Trcssillian, and I shall bo bridesmaid, arid you will bo presented at court, and air Allyn will recover big health and spirits—" Bug paused, as Ildo raised her palo, ox-' cited face that pcuuied to ehino without the gloom. " Hush, doer 1" said the baronet's daughter. "I must not think of tho future now. It would unncrvo mc to contrast to your picturo of paper tho tcrriblereolity if I should fail. At thi? jancturo Tretsillian cropt back to them, his dark faoo j'.lowiiiF, hie mnnner eager, and hie breathing hard. * l 1 have found a piaco by which wo can enter "he exclaimed. " Providence is surely befriending ua." He extended a hand to oaob, and eonduoted thetu over heapH of masonry, around the corner of the bouoe, aud pausod before a door-way Clled up by a rude, temporary door. lie bad ovidently already tried the strength of tho latter and found oat its availab'lo points of weakncs?, for, after a few judicious blown, it yielded to him, and would bavo fallen in with a crash hid be not caught it. Ho assisted tbo young ladies to enter, and then replaced tbo door. His next movement was to light tho dark lantern delivered into hie hands by tho old groom, and t) aurvoy tho ocenc round him. Tho maidens alao looked oarionoly around " This part of the house- is evidently unin habited," whispered Lord Trp??illian, br tlwy tini.ued their fruitlc?s investigation. "'We. must cxploro tba corridor yonder, oppoeito to that by which wo entered." They hastened to carry out this suggestion. The paesftgo alludod proved to be lined with doorr, which on boing opened revealed roonm suitable for habitation, and bearing ni?ikj of occupanoy. ?' If you will remain hero n few minuted, young ladies," oaid Lord TrursiUinn, as they looked into a comfortably farniahed littlo breakfaat-room, " I will m?ko a farther ex* ploration, and try to learn how many ser vants are employed here, end whore Ther woll'sroome ere situated. If ycu would not bo afraid—" A glanco at Ildo'e bravo and earnest coun- t n nanco choaked him and ho plided away, lantern in hand, leaving the maidens in dark " I—l believe I amafroid, Ildo," whiapered Ksto, clinging to her friend. "1 with Lnrd Tre'esilliau woald Gtay with us. Whnt if come ono sbonld find us lure ?" Ilde strove to reai<Huro her friend, but moro by a silent preanuro of the band than by w'ordp. . Tbo deep tjlnom of tbe room, tlio opprcudlvo eolitude of tho place, tbo poEni bility of discovery, nil were not without th?ir effect upem tho baronefe daucibtor ; but oho was sustained by tho reflection that eha was incurrir.g dr.ngcr Iα: he: father's r-'je, and that übo was trying to earn her own freedom, from bocdu intra batcfal than doatb. Ten, fifteen minutes puFFod, and then li't;ht footsteps were beard in tho corridor, and tho faint tO.iima of ft light were perceptible. Kntc clunc e'.OKt r to Ilde, vsho smilod upon her, 08-uring her that the vifcount. was ro turning. The next moment Lord Treaaillian " I have been all over tho inhabited part rf the bonce," be Baid but have not had time to examine any room Ihorouphly. I have din licre, and ono of them ia a man. They occupy rooms wbcro they cannot fail to bear tbe ltaet rioiee, if they are easily aroused, sa we aiiiHt bn very cauiioue. I havo also die covered Tbcrvieil'e looms. 11 ia tbero we shall find thu paper if it bo in tho bouse. Tho peoted them to act as guard over bis private posseeeions." . thing valuable," paid Ilde, hopefully, as ho led tho way to Thcrwell'a rooms. They parsed up a broad staircase, into an upper corridor, and thence into a suite of rooms, tho windows of which looked out well furnished, hung' with pictures, and carpeted with soft, thick fabrics that dead ened the intruder's footfalls. A quantity of eastern pipes on the table-, a china tobacco jar benitle Ihein.n pair ot embroidered slippers ncur tho window, and a large dressing gown of the gayest colors upon tho back of a chair, proved that tho firet room of tbo snite .was tho private apartment of Thtrwoll bimtelf. the third was abed-chamber. In one of tbo three, probably, wan hidden tho written evidence by meacs cl which Tner happinces. Thus thinking, 11.1 c engaged at onco in tbo search. The curtains woro drawn rcroau tho windows, the \vux-caudle9 upon tbo mantel piece lighted, and tho tlirco Ect to work to oxplore tho chambers thoroughly. Lord Trc?sillinn devoted himself to the closets and lioavy pieces of furniture; Knlo Artdalo examined the bacLs of pictures carefully ; and Ilde looked into every vase, probed tho chair cushions and ottomanH, and searched par ticularly for the peculiar box which lira. It noon btcame, evident that tho box was not in Hit: parlor, and Lord Treeeillion re marked thut it wun improbable that Thor well should have carried tho box with him for years throughout his various journeys; and that, in his upiniou, tho document was bidden in somo article of fnrniture. Half an hour's earnest investigation can vincod them that tho paper could not be in the first room, and they proceeded to tho eocond. Hero a deck attiactoJ attention, and Ilde examined It, whHo Kuto burned hervilf with tho furniture, and Lord Treteillian papfcd into the bedroom. The desk wbb largo and fitted up with innumerable divisions in each of which were packets of pnpure, letters, eto. Ildo looked over them with a wild hope of finding tho doaument thrust carelessly into an envelope or tied intone of the packets, but her hope was in vain. Sho thin looked for lottcra from her father, which might poe.sibly tend to criminate him, but none were there. Sho searched every nook, sounded tbo walls of the desk, but all in vain. As she was about to dosist and turn hor at tention elsewhere, a packet of litters fell frum [Oiiio hidden nook, and Bho took them up eagerly, believing that among them wns hidden tho written ootapact. They proved, however, to be simply letters, written in a " l'crbapa they have something to do with Mrs. Amry," mused Ilde, holding them in hor baud. *' I havo a conviction that they Homohow have rofcrence to mc." Shu untied tbo packat and perused tbo letters. They were all briof and signed simply " M. O." Thoy wore tbo farthest possible re move from love letters, being couched in bueinoES terme, and always to tbo effect that ?' it " was quito Bate, and that tbo writer do tiifctl Luoro money. Oiio of ilie loiter 6 ?>s Bigr.ed " Your sister, Sf, G.," and nearly all were addrcseed to '? My dear brother." ?' I did not know Therwell had a sister," eaid Ilde, half aloud. "So I have made, one diecovery, cvon if unimportant. What can she mean by ' it? , ' Not the paper, of oouree —yet why not? If wo do not find it hero I shall believe that ho baa plaoed it in the oaro of his sister." She replaced the letters as eho had found them, and arose wearily from tho desk. Kate was buey with a ohost of drawers, and Lord Tressillian was still in tbo bed-chamber, (agfified in ooiselesa explorations. With a herjxiend, Ilde went to the window t.nj looked out; The eHSt was bathed in a oold, gray light, forerunner of tho coining day. There were twocrthrco beams o[ red at tho very edgo of tho horizon, heralding'tho approach of the run. Tho barnyard fowls were crowing their delight at the termination of'night, and tbo birds wero making melody among the trees. '?' It iy morning,. and, I have not yet suc ceeded, eaid Ilde, almost despairingly, as ehe quitted tho window. ' ' ' " Como here, dear," exolaimed Kate, who was standing before- an antique piece of fur niture in the parlor: "I hove, explored everything bat this oabinet. Do you think it can bo here?" ' ; She paired open one of the doors with a littlo diflioulty,.' and had hardly done Co when tho cabinet fell to the floor with! a crash. j Alarmed at flic noise, Lord TreseillUn uurriel in from tho bed-obamber. "I did not mean to do it," said K.ite, looking from lldc to tho visoount, depre catingly. '? It is not my fault; tbucabinot is no very old. " No, it is not your fault, Kate," fluid Lord TreEaillian, stopping to examine the cabinet. "It had but three legs to Btand apnn, and when you opened tbo door you pulled it ofl its balance. I "hope no ono board the noiee." "Theservants are probably in thoir morn ing slumbers, when they aro least likely to wake," said Ilde. "Is tboro anything in the cabinet, Gay ?" " Nothing but duel," was tho reply. " Tho cabinet muet hava belansod to tho former put it there, thinking it valuable." " You havo found nothing in tho bed room 7" " No, lido; nnd I have searched thoroughly I was about to return nhcnl heard tbo crash made rjy the falling cabinet. No paper can possibly hehidden in there. Yon havo had '? None," was lldo'a reply. " Dot I havn found a lav letters which my tend to throw "ome light upon tbo objeot ol ear She went to the desk and brought oat the k-ttff? that hurt Attracted her attention. I.cr.J Tresrillian look them end rend thorn, and JlJr, with ono hand on her lovcr'e arm, read them nnew, and lookrd up into his faae, us if exptctiii? to find hi* rninian written there.— To l-e Continue.!, ' 718 