THE MANUAL; ACTS AND THE SIGN OF THE CROSS. As the whole judgment of the Arch bishop of Canterbury's Court on the charges brought against Dr. Kiner.BishoD of Lincoln, are far too voluminous for publication in full in our paper, we print in this issue the judgment on the two points which even Dr. Benson was con strained to decide against that defendant : namely on the Manual Acts, and the use of the Sign of the Cross on three separate occasions in the service. The Manual Acts are the taking of bread and wine into the clergyman's hands, breaking the bread, and laying ffiis hand on each vessel con taining bread or wine intended for conse cration, or setting apart for the Holy Communion. The Manual Acts are ordered to be done " before the people," meaning in their sight, not hocns pocus behind a barrier of surplice and fleBh : and the Bishop of Lincoln assuming the Eastward position at the middle of the table with his back to the people, effec tually hid those Manual Acts from them, encouraging hocus pocus. The fact he did not deny, but tried to justify it : and he is condemned and admonished to alter his conduct. The Sign of the Cross as used by the bishop, is also condemned ; as unlawful. This .is a habit introduced by the ritual ists, of sawing the air first perpendicularly and then horizontally, with their finger, for which there is not the ghost of an encouragement in any of the documents. Against these condemnations on two of the articles, the Bishop and the. ritualists appeal to the judicial committee of the Privy Council, while the promoters of the charges appeal to the: same— the highest court in England, from the judg ment upon several of the remaining articles. This is a very eccentric state of affairs. Here we have the: ritualists, who have been defying the law for years and break ing it openly, upon the plea that they could not recognise the judicial committee —the highest court in England— because it was not a mere ecclesiastical court; yet they now appeal to that very court against the decision, of the ecclesiastical court. Could their scruple then have been sincere ? They prove by their present action that they aid, and do, recognise the Appeal Court : which nevertheless they have been systematically disobeying. The appeal of the prosecutors to the judicial committee is natural and just. They have hitherto brought every case of the kind to that highest Court, and in almost every instance that Court has pronounced in their favour. Some of those very practices bo decided by that Court to be unlawful, this lower Court thinks it necessary to. declare to.be lawful, admitting the former higher judgment, hut venturing to " revise " that judgment. It will be very funny when the higher Court has to pass judgment on the revision and reversal of its own former solemn judgment. The attempt was a thing indecent and absurd: and of. course will be laughed out of Court. Only think of the judgment of the Court of Arches venturing to reverse that of the Privy Council ! The puppy dog might as well bark at the lion ; and this knowing that its own judgment must come before the Privy Council for appeal. What can the Privy Council do but revert to its already pronounced judgment? It is surprising that such questions cannot be settled without all the long and expensive and repeated litigation which is involved. A question whether such a vestment may be worn, whether such an attitude may be assumed, &c.;, ought by common sense be at once clearly decided, by a reference to some well known and approved document. But in the i Established Church the moment such a question arises there is no such document. If .the rubrics of the Prayer-book are appealed to, some faction gets up at once and babbles about the first Prayer-book of Edward VI., as if we lived in his reign. What have we to do with his first or second book? The Church of England is really bound by the book as it now is, not by any former one. But if this were insisted on, there would be no room for the emolument of ecclesiastical lawyers, nor for the tricks of ritualistic schemers. 