echoes from fall mall. From Our .Correspondent. LONDON, 31st Janoart. It is curious that though breach of promise actions have so often formed the foundation of farces, they have not, so far as 1 know, dealt with that most charming of all features of tho case, tliesclfdeprcciationof tlie re t iri tig and recal citrant wooer. So long as the course of true lovu is running smooth, he is well content to be taken at the Beloved Object's valuation. When she expresses her admiration of him he thinks it mere mock modesty not to agree with her ; but no sooner does he decide to be off his bargain than lie begins to find fault witli himself in tho most humble manner, and to assure her ttiat there is nothing belonging to him worth having. While there is any hope of keeping linn on the hook the- lady denies this, and pelts him with compliments in reply to his self depreciatory remarks. An admirable example of- this lias lately occurred, which, 'had it beenriet on tlio stage instead: ot a law ' court, Would hsrVe brought down tlie houso. The' gentleman pretends -that he is too old for tho lady, but npon that point, nsalie truly says, she tnust be admitted tobo.thebettor judge, and pronounces him exactly the right age. Like an epicure .speaking of a biid, she thinks him neither too high nor too tough, hut just cooked to a turn ; half au hour, whether in tlie direction of youth or age, would have spoilt him. "But I have only, half .my teeth," ho murmurs complainiiigly. . " Who lias more than half their toeth?" she answers in unconscious quotation, "and how frank and honest of you it is to tell me so. " "But I have no money," pleads tho wretched man. " I know exactly what you have, my dear, nnd it's amply suffi cient for both of us." No, whatever success (and he has small hope, if any) the defondant may have in court, in that preliminary explana tion witli ids quondam beloved object he lias not tlie ghost of a chance, and tlio poor man seems to know it. A " swenring club " is not such a novelty ns certain Chesliiro magistrates have imagined. When aBked by a publican for an oxtension-of hours to accommodate an association of this nature, they seem . to have been rather shocked, but just as a " mad doctor's " business is to onre mndncss, so- that of "a swenring olub is to stop swearing. If any member tiicreof uttors an oath, ho - is straightway fined, nnd the money goes to tho support of tho in stitution; in the case in question it went to provide supper ; hot a very judicious arrange ment, since tlie fare dopendod on the nmoant of execration indulged in. 'One can imagine a mem ber turning tip his' nose at tlie' scanty meal, and bewailing tlie decay of blasphemy. It libs, oho is giiid to know, decayed very much." Even among the vulgar, " Great Scotland Yard" is now generally substitutedfor a rntich more irrevorent phrase. One of tlie most offensive conse quences of this vice was tlie habit some foul mouthed persons had of npologising for their slips of the tongue to nny clergy man who hap pened to be present, as if it wero his name which thoy had taken in vain. Ono of the most bonuti- ful reproofs on record wns administered by the pioii3 Dr. Dcsaguiiers to a man of tiiis stamp, who, witli every oath he uttered, begged the doctor's pardon. " You have taken some pains, sir, to make me ridiculous by your pointed apologies, but if the Creator does not hear you I do assure you I will never tell him." How strange it is to contrast such a speech as that delivered the other day by the Attorney- General against gambling, with tlie proposals of Government itBelf, within living memory. The Post Bo;/ of a date far back had authority to declare that tlie Parliamentary lottery would be fixed ns follows : — " 150,000 tickets will bo issued at £10 each ticket, making the sum of £1,500,000 sterling ; the principal whereof is to be sunk, Parliament allowing 9 per cent, for tlie whole during tlie term of 32 years, which interest: is 'to be divided as follows : —5750 tickets- ''will ' bo prizes from £1000 to ' £5 per annum during ' tlie said 32 years, 'all the-other tickets will be blanks, so' tlint thero will be 39, of .these to one prize, but' each 'blank ticket will be entitled to:14s. a year for tlio term of 32 years, which is better than an. annuity for- life at 10 per cent., overand above the chance of getting a prize.": It is dear that government :knew how to recommend -its wares. , Such was tlie eagerness of tlie publib'o'n the oaenslon in queniioti tlieb ileiccr'a IX..11 rrao crowded, and tbe stnif of' clerks, found unequal to receivo the moneys of the. applicants; £600,000 was subscribed in three weeks, and the whole £1,500,000 by the 28th February. The curious discovery hns been made by one of our literary critics : that " in short stories American writers are; our. masters,'-' arid-' tliat "if we oxcept obe or two of 'nrir best monthlies, we;must go to AmeriCan' miscellanies . for brief tales which have real feeling and power." Tlio second statement is so far ooriect that outsidb our best" magnziries there' are no good short Btories published periodically at all, rior ever have been. They ore the most difficult of all "copy" to procure, as any editor will witness: but they are no easier for the American-than for tlie English editor to do so. - To persons who- are acquainted with tho subject there is certainly no evidence to that effect, but rather tlio ottier way. The fact is that if an English novelist has a good short story on hand it is certain to be bespoken by botli countries, nnd to appear in both, and therefore the cause given for hiB inferiority, namely, that "English story tellers are but poorly remunerated," falls to tho ground. Independently of tho foot that prices paid for short stories rule far higher than they ever have done, these writers are paid twice over. It is clear that of tho present system of supply and demand for this partioular ware the critic knows but littlo, but ho knows less of the wnre itself. "With the exception of tlie tales of Edgar Foe'and of Bret Harte there are no collections of American short stories to be spoken of in tlie snriie breath as .In a Glass Darkly or After Dark, and- "it is 'rarely indeed when a good Eriglish'riorelist sots himself to work on a small enrivas "that he fails to please. That the Atrierican genius naturally turns to this descrip tion of literature- is 'only -another (though I admit a much finer) way of saying that plot is not their strong point, and that it would be unndvisnble indeed to beat out a Bhort story into a three volume novel. There has been a model husband contest in New York. A prize has been awarded by ladies to the wiie who has "made out the best case" for her consort. Tho phrase is not quite satisfactory, since it suggests tlie contention of an advocate rather than tlio plain, unvarnished tale of domestic felicity, but tho gentleman who has gained tlie laurel is literally one of a thou. Band, for thore were more than that number of competitors. I hnvo no doubt lie was an excel lent husband, in spite of the very fine language applied to him ; yet, what must lie not have suffered from it at the hands of his friends ? " Receptive to my aspirations, no new thought nor action is attempted but meets his npproval nnd encouragement ; while a noblo spiritual atmosphere lifts my daily life frqm its common routine into a living pleasure. Taking my face in his hnnds . he has lovingly said — ' "Would I had wealth, that I could place you a queen among women."' A hundred dollars (paid to the lady, not to himself) does not seem to be too great a solatium to the poor man for hearing these eulogiums repeated by his male acquaint ance. It is complained (by the wicked) of sermons that they are oommonly vague and shadowy, and apt' to lose their meaning in the cloud' of words that eneompas3'tliem, and it is only to be expected, perhaps, that in the recent discussion upon the subject this same fault should be oon- spicuous. One of the contributors to "the cor respondence iu - question lias ventured to say ktliere is a1 want of freshness in -sermons;" which ho ascribes to reiterated dogma. A bishop lias rebuked him for assigning- such an explanation to a circumstance, the existence of which he nevertheless admits. "Two things," says his lordship, "kill freshness; one is the lack of study and the other the ambition of being original." That tiiese are both bad things one allows ; but to say that they kill freshness is Burely a contradiction in terms. Tbe preacher who has retained his freshness longest, and continues to attract as large a con gregation as ever, is Air. Spurgeon ; is it possible that tho bishop attributes this to learn- ing and the absence of a desire to bo original? No one supposes that a juror's life is a happy one. He is one of the few people in this country who has to work, not indeed for nothing, but at li dead less, and tliet under every circum stance of inconvenienco. Alorcovor, it now appears that it will' be the worse for him if when addressing tlie judge ho does not do so in elegant English. In a written communication one of therq complained tpat: V. lie-; had- -been Lieltiog around tyqr. since .Monday" and.j?et&ed.; to know whether be ought not now to be" told to go." The vulgarity of these expressions aroused his lordship's wrath, and be told him that ho "should not go, and had better not kick, whether around or otherwise." This seems a little brutal; for though a man may not have had a classical education lie may feel tlie injustice of having to cool his iieeis day after day in a draughty court without knowing whether his services will bo required or not. If the judge had had to do it, he would probably have ex- pressed himself witli even greater bitterness though perhaps in a more Ciceronian stylo. A provincial divine, recently "called" to a metropolitan pulpit, noticed on more than one Sabbath a young man in his congregation with n book of profane appearance . in his hand, and took occasion to remonstrate with him upon bringing such things into chapel. "But it is my note book, reverend sir," was the explana tion, "in which I am endeavoring to take down your sermon." This put quite -another com plexion on tho affair, and the youth was accom modated awit.h a scat close to. the fountain of eioquonce. Attentive in manner 'as constant in - his attendance, he seemed to , drink in-every word. The pastor being hiimaii, though -a divine, was flattered, and burnt to learn for whait organ of public opinion the lad was reporting. As the information was not volunteered he was at lust impelled to ask for it. "And where is it, my good fellow, that my sermons appear when you have reported them?" "Lor' bless you, sir, nowhere ; it is only that I am learning shorthnnd, and they tell me that you are the slowest preaoher in nil London." ' It is unfortunate for literature that, next to art, more rubbish is talked about it as a profes sion than about any other calling. . Tiie -last deliverance upon the subject is that "to make the more getting of money the first and essen tial law of literary life shows a mean and ignoble conception of a noblo art." Conceive a young man beginning to read for the law, or to walk tho hospitals, or indeed to follow any trade whatever out of Bedlam, witli sucli a motto in his mouth. Stripped of its verbiage, it would imply that n man should not decide upon being- n poot for tlie suite of profit ; but who ever did ? If ho can't write an epic for £50, neither can he for £500. Aloreover, whether he sets store by remuneration or. not, how. can that possibly affect liis writing? > If there is ono thing proved boyond -cavil - it is that ShakBpeare wrOto for gain ; but he oould not have bettered what ho wrote, or earned iriimortality tho more, bad he had notiiing'in-vicw but undying fame. Atotivc may induco crime or virtue, but cannot crcato ideas nor binder them, aiid it is only in these bystdrical utterances about art and letters that it is supposed to do so." - -It is. unknown to rne where those who are op posed to an able seaman's ' rising -to;the quarter deck get tho examples of tlie rarity of such oc curences. Count Shuckson made a very good captain, though itis true in the Swedish service, where perhaps the hnbits of liis previous humbio rnuk were put down to eccentricity. If tiie author to whom he owed liis promotion had thought Ills case so absolutely exceptional it is probable lie would hnvo mentioned it. The great war witli France offered opportunities for sueh ad- vancoinonts as do not now occur, but Admiral Campbell's case, which has not I believe been cited in the present controversy, was inde pendent of it. He was an apprentice of a Scotch coasting vessel, which was boarded by a press- gang, who took the mate ; he had a wife and family, and wept at the cruel separation it in volved like n child. His grief so affected Camp- boll that ho entreated to be taken instead of him. "Aye, that I will " said the officer, " for I would much rather have a boy of.spirit than a blubbering man." On the circumstance being reported to tlie ship's captain, lie placed the lad on tho quarter deck immediately, and his pro motion was rapid. Tho boys of that epocli not only took to the salt water as naturally as ducks to tho fresh, but seem to have been born with an amount of "oheek" that did not require to be supple: rpented .by . the teaching of the mldshipriien's mess. "When young Huwko parted with his father to. go. to sea tlie latter. expressed a modest hope that lie would onoday.be a captain... ." A captain, ' sir," replied the child, " if I did not feel sure I should one day be an .admiral I should not go to Bca at all." Another youth, fated to bo equally famous, was observed to shake and tremble very muoh on the eve of his first engagement. When asked the cause lie roplinrl : wilii' a' ronlly - niilo praennno minrl' "My flesh trembles at the anticipation of tlio many and great dangers into which my resolute and undaunted heart will lead me. However out of liis element a man before the mast may have found himself in the gunroom, he could hardly have been worse off in this respeot than Captain Lyons when he.becamri- Bishop of Cork. He preached but one sermon, in the 20 yea,rs lie held the see, upon tho death of his royal mistress, Elizabeth, to whom he owed his singular promotion. He had distinguished him: self in a. fight with the Spaninrds, and the Queen promised him the first vacancy that offered, and that chancing to be the see of Cork the gallant captain olaiincd it. In vain she reasoned with him. He said that a queen should keep lier word, and finding on inquiry that he was a sober, moral man, she gave him the bishopric. 