THE YOUNG FOLKS. HOOF AND PEDAL. In the year 1877 I was the official steno- grapher of a Kansas judicial circuit, young, active and an enthusiastic believer in open-air exercise and manly sport. How well my devo- tion to the athletic virtues were sustained is proven in part by the adventure which I now relate. In the early fall of, the year mentioned, while sojourning at Manitou, Colorado, after a toil- some year in the courts, enjoying my well- earned rest and rambling through the picturesque surroundings in the shadow of the famous Pike's Peak, my prospects for further recreation were broken by the reception of the following telegram : — " Socoero, N.M. — Come at once to Bent's Mines vid the Santa Fe road to Santa Rosetta. I have a mass of testimony to take in the Irving mine case, and wish it done in shorthand. Do not disappoint me. Witnesses summoned for the 8th. R. H. GRAHAM." I knew Graham and I knew the case, and re- luctant as I felt to forego the pleasure of a further stay in my cool retreat, I did not care to decline an employment which I knew would be so lucrative. I decided to go to Bent's Mines, wherever they might be, and take the testimony as my friend requested. I was not long in making my arrangements for the trip. It was merely the matter of a change of linen and a few note- books ; a single satchel contained them all, and thus, in the lightest of marching order, I embarked upon the first train, for my destina- tion, arriving at Santa Rosetta quite early the next morning. Santa Rosetta was a station scarcely as im- posing as its name. A few houses, a water tank, and numerous sidings made up the place. But I was struck by the suggestive number of empty freight care, for the place was an extensive shipping point for ores sent from the mines located in the mountains miles away, but plainly visible from the station in the rare atmosphere of that most charming region. Here, to my pleasure and surprise, I dis- covered in the station agent an old college friend, Frank Delmer by name, who several years before had gone to that vast country called the West, and whose whereabouts had since been lost to me. " You cannot go the mines, old fellow,", he said, after our greeting and the exchange of the numerous questions and answers which finally resulted in the unfolding of my busi- ness. " The Apaches are up and the trip would be dangerous in the extreme. Most of the men are gone to bury some ranchers killed in Little Gulch and to warn the settlers to the south. There is not a horse to be had in the town, and if there were the owner would hardly let it for so imprudent a journey." "But what am I to do ?" I inquired. " I shall have had my trip for nothing unless I reach Bent's Mines to-morrow, and I don't care to either miss my business or disappoint my friend." "Sorry," he said, with a shake of the head, "but I am afraid it is impossible. You must content yourself with my company until the trip is safe. We have telegraphed for the soldiers, and a troop will probably come in shortly. They might convey you over. Their route will lie in that direction." " I can't wait," I replied, annoyed at the idea of such a delay, " When Graham sent for me he felt certain I would come. He shall find that I will do so. I'm not to be deterred by a foolish alarm about Indians. Doubtless there are none off the reservation." Delmer smiled. " I remember your rashness,'' he said, " and deem you fully capable of attempting the trip. Fortunately, there is no conveyance, and you will have to await the arrival of the soldier or the return of the men." "And when will the men return ?" "In the morning probably, but they will be wearied. Your best chance will be the soldiers." "Then I will walk," I replied with de- termination. " Fifty-three mile is not a dis- tance to frighten a muscular fellow like me, and if you will lead me that excellent Winchester that I see beside your desk, I shall be quite capable of protecting myself." " You are not in earnest ?" he asked. " Indeed I am," was my reply. " I shall start at once, but will stop over on my, return, long enough to talk over old times and prove how groundless are your fears." " Stay," he said as I swung my light satchel from the floor. "Since you are determined I will aid you all I can, but I fear this is not wise. Yon don't need a guide. The road is as straight as an arrow to the hills it then veers to the south over the mountains, descending to Bent's, some twenty miles in the valley." " Good," I said. ' I shall be weary doubt- less, but I have been a famous pedestrian in my time. My journey may run into the night, but I shall be ready for duty in the morning." " I remember your triumphs on the footpath," said Delmer, "and — ah ! I remember your skill in the saddle. Stay, old fellow! I'll furnish you with a steed." He ran into the freight room, and, returning shortly, rolled upon the platform a glistening wheel. "My new bicycle," he said. " The roads are fine here and I had it shipped down. It came down yesterday. Knowing your skill it is strange that I did not think of it at once." I took the handsome wheel by the bars and surveyed it with growing satisfaction, It was graceful in every outline and of the latest pattern. " You will lend it to me ?" I asked. " Certainly, but I would rather you would defer your trip. ' ' " Thank you for your solicitude." I laughed, " but I am not afraid of your Indians." I made fast my satchel to the handle bars, and, taking the precaution to borrow the Winchester rifle also, slung it over my shoulders by the strap. " You would astonish the natives, were they here," said Frank as I lifted the bicycle from platform. " A wheel is a novelty in this country." " I give myself less than six hours over this road," I said, surveying the level line over the smooth prairie. " You will find it steeper in the hills," he replied. With a farewell I mounted the bicycle and started on my trip. He waved his hand and stood watching me as I glided off. The road was as smooth as glass, and the wheel slipped away as though it were enchanted over the wide plain through which my path lay like an arrow, towards the misty peaks melting into the glorious blue of the sky far away in front. My heart bounded in my breast under the wild exhilaration of the morning, and the glistening spokes wreathed themselves into a film, so easy was the work and so inviting the exercise. With spirits buoyant and heart elate I sped on my way. No thought of danger was in my mind, and I could have laughed all fears of Indians to the winds. I was intoxicated with the prairie breeze, and upon a spring seat and rubber tyre was enjoying to the fullest the very ecstacy of motion. Thus, until nearly midway, and the station of Santa Rosetta, from a mere speck, had faded into nothing. Steady pedaling had brought me within the shadow of the towering foot-hills, and from a slight incline that led to a valley between the mountains, I rode into a pleasant grove of trees and then up the white path along the mountain side, where, for two miles or more, it stretched away on a level above a a frowning gulch. " What a glorious country for wheeling !" I cried, dismounting to take breath after the exer- tion of the hill. "This road would almost repay a visit to this, country for the especial pleasure of a spin over it." Resting for nearly an hour under a spreading pinion, and quenching my thirst at a spring by the wayside, I rolled my wheel into the travelled path to continue my journey. When preparing to mount my feet upon the step, I paused, my heart beating quickly. The murmur of voices fell upon my ear. Not the familiar language of the hearty English tongue, nor the sonorous dialect of the Spaniard, which was spoken through all New Mexico. It was the guttural jargon which I had heard upon the Kansas reservations, and I knew that Indians were near me. What should I do? I would meet a portion of no friendly tribe. There were none in that vicinity. They were Indians off the reservation, and therefore hostiles ; they were cut-throats — Apaches ! Listening intently l discovered that they were nearing me, and then the sound of hoof strokes fell upon my ear. They were to my rear, approaching from the North-west, and doubtless seeking the spring at which I rested from some way that led through the passes of the moun- tains. I had little time to conjecture how I had missed them on my way, or whether I had been observed as I entered the valley. My thoughts were of my safety and how I might deliver my- self from the peril of an encounter with them. With my strength in a measure spent by my long ride, I could not maintain a successful race with their tough and wiry steeds, and to stand them off in the open with my rifle was as hopeless an alternative. I could tell that the party was large—a single rush would make [?] end of all defence, and my scalp would soon [?] dangling at a savage breech [???] thought was horrible, and with a [?] was in the saddle. The impetus [???] wheel spinning forward, and in th[?] I was pedaling away in a fashion [???] hope as the trees and bushes f[?] I did not look behind ; my glance was for- ward over the smooth road that lay so fright- fully straight, a white and chalk-like line, but my ears were trained for the slightest sound, and I shortly heard the astonished yell that told me I was discovered. My glance to the rear was now involuntary. A group of some twenty Apaches had ridden into view from out the curvature of the road among the trees, and had halted in amazement at the sight of my fleeing figure rolling rapidly away from them on a shining hoop. They sat upon their sturdy horses, decked in the wild fantasy of paint and feathers, looking, to my startled eyes like warriors from a race of barbaric giants. The faint hope that stole into my heart that I was to be permitted to depart in peace went out like a candle in a gust of wind; for after a single moment given to their astonishment they swarmed forward, their horses at their topmost speed. Fortunately the road was along a slight de- scent, and I moved with great speed with little effort. With this advantage I was enabled to maintain the distance between my pursuers and myself, giving me time to reason upon my terrible position.' I could scarcely hope to dis- tance my pursuers unless the grade continued. But upon the further decline of the road I might forge ahead and find safety in some friendly thicket. Here and upon the steep mountain rides I might protect myself with my rifle, or by my superior agility and fleetness of foot elude the rascals among the hills. This comforting reflection was lost, however, as my strained fancy reasoned further — these were not prairie Indians ; they were Apaches, used to crag and precipice—whose home was in the fastnesses of the Sierra range. Breathing a prayer to Heaven for aid I rode on. With eager eyes I scanned the valley, where below me enormous boulders lay piled amid the tangled vines; and now beyond where the road, still stretched a monotonous line and to my horror, rising with an abrupt- ness that must terribly tax my strength. Already I had passed the point where the road tended downward, and with tired limbs was toiling up the ascent. But as I rode over the brow of the rising ground a different view lay before me. The road divided, and the path to the left was a narrow way scarcely wide enough for a single footman, along the top of a ridge, or natural causeway, passing over a narrow gorge to the mountain beyond. Here it joined the wider road which, following the slope of the mountain to the right, made a circuit of several miles over the ravine before it reached the point of junction. Upon the dizzy path to the left I rode instantly. The greatest care was necessary to keep the wheel within the way, and a loose stone would have plunged me into the abyss on either side. Before me lay the razor-like way, at times scarcely six inches in width, but free of obstruction and pointing to escape, beyond. No horseman would dare to follow along: so perilous a path, and even should a footman venture he must have nerves of steel or be moved by some frightful extremity like mine. The Apaches had halted at the forks of the road. This I could see, for the ridge veered in its course across the gulch, throwing my pur- suers sharply on my right. Bang! My wheel plunged to the very edge of the abyss. Bang ! Bang ! I heard the quick zip of the missiles and felt their cold passage near my cheek. Bang! A spoke snapped like a broken harp string ! I let the tremour of the shock through every nerve, and then I pitched headlong into the broader road; the wheel flying completely over me. I was up in an instant. Leaving it where it fell, I unslung the rifle and sought shelter behind a boulder near at hand. Panting and bruised I lay for a time, thankful for the temporary respite and hopeful now of escape. The triumphant yell which had greeted my fall died away and peering over the rock I saw that several of the Apaches were venturing out upon the backbone of the ridge. The re- mainder had drawn back to the slope of the bluff, attending the homes and hatching the attempt upon the part of their fellows to cross the ravine. The sunlight that fell slanting through the peaks gleamed upon the bars of white painted upon their dusky bodies, making them doubly hideous now that I had come to observe them attentively. Already they were upon the narrow point. It was the courage of demons, who would shrink from no peril to slay an enemy. It was now my turn. Bringing the Win- chester into play I sent bullet after bullet whistling in their midst, firing as rapidly as I could pull the lever, and rending them scurrying to shelter. Falling back, I lay quiet in my place of security, covering my spent breath and watch- ing the Indians through a crevice in the rock before me. I might have pursued my journey with the advantage of my long start, but the road beyond, with the eccentricity of mountain pathways, receded with the form of the hill un- til my route would lie within easy rifle shot of my waiting enemy. The bluff still rose at my back, shutting but escape in that direction, and unless I would venture to run the gaunlet of their fire, I must remain until nightfall and seek to elude them in the darkness. The pros- pect was not pleasant, but after the greater peril which l had but just avoided I faced it with comparative courage. A half hour passed, the silence and inaction, growing painful. Then I half arose from my reclining position to scan the opposite bluff for a sight of the bidden foe. A horse, struck by my fire, had fallen over the cliff and lay half way down, the precipice among the wild creepers. Beyond, carefully keeping in shelter, several dusky forms climbed nimbly into the gorge. The pursuit was to be continued on foot. I started to my feet to better note their move- ments. A bullet flattened itself against the bluff near my face, and I shrank down hastily. Some keen-eyed marksman watched me from beyond the ravine. Nothing farther was needed to inform me of my new peril. I was penned like a rat in a trap to await their coming. The Apaches ware crossing the gorge. Hidden by the rocks and scattered over a distance of many yards, they were slowly but surely approaching. I might slay one or many, but my ultimate fate was at hand. Slipping my rifle to a rest, I peered over the rock, striving to catch a sufficient sight of the dogdging forms for a successful shot. But the wary villains were more than a match for one so untrained in this species of warfare. Another and nearer shot warned me of my peril, and I sank back with a feeling of despair. The end was at hand. A few short moments would send them leaping up upon me. As I strained my ears for their approach, gripping my weapon with a nervous determina- tion, a sharp cry broke the silence. It was a yell as though a mountain wolf had been startled at its prey, and the call was instantly answered from across the valley. To my sur- prise, the forms that had kept in close conceal- ment now broke from cover and scrambled down the face of the cliff. Unmindful of the cause that sent them in such a sudden retreat, I arose from the rock, and by a quick shot dropped a painted ruffian headlong into the gorge. The echoes, of the report had scarcely died away when a shrill cheer resounded through the mountains, when up the road from the south a detachment of cavalry came at a gallop, their pistols ringing as they fired into the fleeing Apachas below. They were a company of troops called from the fort down the railroad by the outbreak of the Indians; had disembarked at the station below Santa Rosetta the night before. On their way to Bent's they had appeared at the very instant of my peril. It is not difficult to imagine with what joy I grasped the hand of the lieutenant in com- mand, and how heartfelt were the words with which I thanked him for his timely arrival. My journey to Bent's was without further incident. The mines were but a few miles down the mountain road, and here I found Graham, filled with surprise to see me, for he had not believed that I would attempt the trip from the railroad in the state of alarm in which the Indian uprising had thrown the country. A week later I was enabled to return to Delmer his wheel and rifle, and I bore with becoming meekness his denunciation of all rash and headstrong men, so heedless as to decline good advice.— — Pittsburgh Chronicle. A Russian legend relates that when St. Joseph returned from his flight into Egypt he found his shoes in great want of repair, and being aware of the excellence of leather work in Russia, sent them to Kieff to be mended, where they remained. It is now reported from Keiff that the Archbishop of St. Sophia proposes to re-sole the shoes and then "expose them to [?]veneration of the faithful." [?]ater's agent at Berlin reports : "The ghost which lately arose in a number of schools [?] city, and has since spread to the suburbs, [?]sumed the character of a nervous desease. [?] school a panic has been created by a [?] girl who was frightened by a window [?]ng in the wind, and there have [???] occurances in several schools [???] children of the upper class. 