^ HIS ANGEL* HENRY HESSJCJ. Oxihox «t *'8c»rl« Forlu*.* 'Earte Joe,' \- UOrtrtm. tbe WhiH*,' ?? A U»Sing LuJy.' \- For -Kd VirgiaSa,' ttt. CHAPTER VHK (Costisced.) Ho rest ;d~tJie dry wa» maiked in red letters in tie torteniar of Mr. InWs de l-aucherj. Be ?&etaauz;*& to euArate to prosperoMtwogreae by getting at drnnk «s ao proverbial tera,*-Bt there was a npiee of *»? «lom in hU*oltB*or homage up hw jmod to get the toll meBsareof his iutoiicatton early m the evening, »e that he migbt be «bie to deep offitseffeSteiwforetiseoncallea&e; following day. Tbe«ee.v»B nosoonerooneeiveatMn acted *? vpoo, and a dozen lords could net altogether he snore inebriated than Mr. Torn* was half an Jjourarterhehadfairlyitartta. . ? . . WfcSn the old ruffian .m irit6xieate3, he «u aistinguishea by three prominent charao-j tenat-cs. -the first teem* the msA liberality with t T which lie bought drinks fat efe.-ybody with-! farsight; the second fcia «DHaal craving far female «ociety, -generally of fha tow6itj_tiie most degraded, and the raott toftterdua tope i ; ?ad,OiiidlT,a«mritoffi8ryipttg«aorr, which ioeVitaiay'r«so..ted m quaireta. The -senile- ^ebituⅇ, having tad t&ioirBtog; in spending lia «on:« -aUowaaoe, tmd lowing surrounded fcunsett^rithttoee^amsfe* who were mute aa capable as he an -the *onjnrtnp«on'of ardent liquors must aeeds-g«t at -ieggM-heida with a brawny, fair-huMd,-S*edil4isaJlor, the result leing that he waa in -a trice severSJy kicked, badly bruised, Bun-obliged to fly for his me 10 kiBbedic«m,«MiM»%isf*sH ones, and minus a. ready wapft? -of whiskey. It is said that a special prcff&enee; watches over suctt 'unworthy ilraakatds ?she, antl'in this case he faxed indeed better'ttum he- deserved, for the «uate roent*Bd«*- drink combined resulted in his falling asleep and 'not waking till early next morning. The dawning day found Mr. Turner nibbing lua Maek*ruJBes. Bat glad to discover that so femes wwe»fen*en. A Mr gulp of whiskey «teadieahirth»nigiilBrvBB, sod after.collect ing bis wSts,-*e«ilt inrnseM ready to meet his ? ?oft. ' Tbe«MTtfKsn pretended to be BuBeringfrom .bad lreaaafche-#W the latter called. ;,- ?'IVo-*in'Mni'-*ooka gJaaa.too much last auKbt,-niy*oy'-'-liesaid, 'bat I shantdoit agio. IcTOBSTtain't «o easy to get Bhnt of an old hatdt lite that. I was stone tired last tdeKL. Td 'bit* bavin' a denied long walk up tow»Mar*b*VagiD. Long wajta do me good. Jin* Urn- Via' lookin* for a roan as I've bin ?wsstin'-te come npwith for ever so long. I've ltafra grudge agin him this many a year, atf I -wzst-togofon the prairie withlnm/' '?mo-TJ' itf' asked young Cnderwood 'Oh,* I ^uess yew flont know- him,' . »s?wered tto *ia villain, in his bert comedy etyie, keeping his coldly ^ittenng «5» Ssed «pon the yoaog man. 'It's a man that's uone see a mountain of wrong. I don't know as yew' ve ever heerd o* my paxdner, Joe Booin -eon. Hsttfire Joe : he was a rough 'nn, but be »~\m*t « ku) 'nn if vcw knowed him. WaaL that man as Tve bin a-wantin' to meet banged *im, an* he would hare hanged me, I tell yew, : if he'd cotobed me.' ' I should have bought that this is net the ?sort of acquaintance yon would can to meet again,' retorted yjnng Underwood, with a ??cold amQe.'' ''Oh, I've got my reasons.' exolauned He Tor&er.; ' Joe Bobinson had a daughter. She ? was^qnite a baby when poor Joe was lynched, ' %nt now I guess ehe'd be nigh on twenty year, old. The brute thathsneed her father carried ? %er oS. an* he's bin brtngin' her up as his. ?own daughter, bat I won't hare the gelt kept tgnorin' of her rasher's name.' ' 'Where is the girl f* asked the yoong man, getting intereeted in his father's recital. _ ?' Who is the man f' ?? I reckon yew might have heeri ahoutj Iiim,' answered the old man, looking flxaSy at his son. ' H«'s worth a pile. He s got sm all-fired fine house on Fifth Avenue. Hisnaase is Dan Kenhaw.' - That bolt, to Mr. Michael Tomer's Manfc dismay, went wide of the mark, and returned to strike the ruffian's own head, like a misdirected boomerang. Hubert Underwood, his eyes aglow 'with fierce resentment, with his teeth hard set and hinfiita clenched, tamed hls'chair, ana gland ids father Ml in the face. ?- Yon have been following me,' he cned -with a quiet intensity. ' Confess it Tos have been following me, or I may forget that tarn your son, and throttle yon.' The turn which the affair had taken so took the old man by surprise that he could only 'I ain't done nothen. I've got a right to take a walk if I want to. Iguessl'regot ? ?' \- ?? Confess you've been playing the epy upon me,' repeated Hubert with slow deliberation. *' It will be better for you to tell the truth.' Mr. Michael Tomer took a convenient refage in an assumption of offended silence. *' Well,' continnea the young man, 'sinee Ton will not speak, I will confide to. you what I lave don*. I naturally jnnted to know how you came to Hew Torav when yoo. rnsw, an what wise you came, where jo* caan mm, and X employed the time yoo oaxfiei in doggloj^ my {ootstepi try willing an sabi agent to djicorer particulars of IGcfaael Tnmer'E— Cheesetaoa iCk6- . -latart caieec.' . Theoldmin'epale features tnrned a ghaBUy 'The agent reqmrea only two days,*' the ? young joninaHst Went on «Iowly 'and ooHIf, ?* to discover that 3B&nel; Turner %Bs-*.tA-eD three weeks ago, an inmate 'of the gan' «t Clereland, Ohio, having been condensed to « lengthened term of hard labour fox (baft and attempted murder in a house of 314amel He learned further that -f?-t--»» Turner, together with two other convicts, escaped froa test prison during the sudden illness of the head gaoler, who, -it has since been proved, was poisoned by accomplices, and that the Cleve land police are at this moment actively search ing for Mr. Michael Turner. Now. as a goed citizen,it is my duty to inform the police of the whereabouts of Cbeeseface Mike, and by heaven I will do it if you stir out of this fcoase another yard without my express permission, if you as much as whisper what you said te me just now to a living soul.' ' TewM have yewr fatter sent back te pris'n !' hissed the baffled scoundrel. ' Waal, a fine thing it would be for all the world to read, in the papers that Mr. Hubert Underwood the nice voung gentleman, is fhe son of a ?thief.' ' Don't you lay the flattering unction to Toursoul that you can scare me with that bogey. There would be no report in the papers about j- oar arrest. I'd call in the first policeman and give you into custody. There would be no trial, and if there were, I would only have to explain mv position to the news' editors, and -there is not a piper in New York or the States -which would report the case. I've got yon by the throat, and give y du the option to live com fortably on such reduced allowance as I will now make you, or go back to jail. But Til do my best to prevent you from harming those I care for, as sure as there is a God above us who'll absolve me if I curse and hate my own 'is&sc.; 2\ow do your damnedest at your periL' ' Golly ;' exclaimed the old -villain, when his son Had left the room. 'He ain't the fool 1 took him for. I migbt ha* knowed it,' he edded, nearly proudlv, 'he's my son.9' He was not long left in doubt for conGrma ti»n of the surprising discovery that Hubert was act the fool he had thought him to be, for less than five minutes af terthe close of their inter view, the proprietor of the Nelson Grand hotel opened the bedroom door, and barelyputting in las head with the remark. 'Oh, you're there all right, are you ?' closed the door again. -' The moment afterwards Mr. Turner heard the Sey turned in the lock, and a sadden white ,«ge seethed within him. . . : 'He-lxmnded to the door and tried the handle. He was locked in. It would, be neither desirable nor profitable here tc record or imitate the avalanche of oaths and enseea with which the caged scoundrel greeted this novel state of things. He raved, and jumped, and danced up and down the room like a lunatic, tearing his sparse hair, and knocking his head against the wall in sheer insane fury. Having exhausted himself in such futile rage, he flew to his habitual fountain of lelief, the whisky bottle ; but that was empty, and not a drop could he wheedle or coax out of it to moistenhis parched throat. He ran to the bell and rang it violently, but obtained no response. Thereupon he com menced to hammer at the door like a nrnrimnn, ecreeching and screaming, shouting himself hoarse at the same time with the filthiest and ittnt loathsome language that ever defiled human lips. By-and-by the heavy tread of the stalwart landlord reached-the third floor, and the bed zoom door was opened. Mr. Turner, by that time, was nearly speech less with frenzy. *' You're a fine oid villain,' exclaimed the proprietor, standing there with arms crossed over his cheet. ' I'd advise you to make less aaise if you don' t wast to get 'that ugl v head o' jours broken.' 'How dare you lock me in?' roared Mr. Turner. ' Dare r:- sneered the landlord with a laugh. ' I'll dare lock you in asain, and more than that. If it'sgottobe,Kl ijag you, and tie you hand and foot. How KflKyou Iikethat, you oldihief r' The aged scoundrel would have #own at the proprietor'^ throat, had not the iatter'a broad cheat betottnjd a forbidding strength. He glared about him for a weapon, . but caw none ready to his hand. _'Tew've got no right to luck me to,' he jgfcfeedin a eottltaing rage. 'If» agin the -Tair. It's agin iheTaw.' ; Law f' was the contemptuous reply he eo^. 'I guess you've had your stomachinl of tfca law, ana will get a agsin, no doubt. I've gat mytnstrnctionifrom Mr, Underwood. YonV« ^U^bv^gialar^ment wBhth, pub get to stay in this room until you're per mitted to move. And mor» ttnnttiat. Kota drop of liquor will you get while you're here. Abu if you nub thesttgfceSt attempt toescape, I'll have to take you br the scruff of the neck, ahd run you out into the street, and baud you over to xae finst policeman. Sow. which is it to be?' TT,« ra^e and ^sscomfitcre overpowered tbe wuite-hMreu Tflipae, and te sat uow.uon the bed and fairly Kubhered. The landlord; threw out an' 1 guess Jou understand, what you've got to do now,' aud Jfclt the Mum, loddkg the oor bebinn tum. ' CHAPTfiB IX.— 'You Have Essn 3It Fatbeh.' While the black thunder doeds of the ex nosure of tec father's ohams were rolling nearer and threatening 1I-M AEgeI-e peace, the young lady was in the happiest and busiest af mosdi. An outfit had to be ordered, aid for the first time in her young life Miss Kersbaw took an interest— a great interest — in female nuery and milliner'* artifices. She considered +-?«+ in going abroad, she -Was leaving her country which was her own tonne, and where she could drees as she pleased, for one where the foibles of ceremonious -society had to be taken into account, asdwlrere aeophad toba thrown to the Cerberus of fashion, if 'he de sired to associate with people who wen her «quals in »tatioik She 3sad shrewd common fienee enougn 10 TOaemana uiai, wuuet m New York and the ct&tea;, the was Miss Sershaw of AngelccaCity, a personality whom most people knew, end who could afford te dressasaimplysrat oddly as she pleased— in Enrope-th.e caatomsand habits of society would have to be cons&tered;, and she would not -be i able, for instance, to go to a dinner -par∈'her ordinarv walking drees, without attracting un- . charitable Mtnft. --- ' llaehasshedidaced it, therefore, «t -first, she had to. hand heigelf over to the tender mercies of the fashionable dressmaker. But. appetite comes with eating, and whether it 'was : that the entlmslasm of the moditte «bout gorgeous gowns, -and mantles, and what not was contagious, or that the young lady had never really understood what aelightthef emak mind can'finaov«r the selection of matenaJt, the all- important decisions anentcutaad shape, andesBeoallrOvertiiat superUtiTely ^eseiring ocenptftxon oi^trying on, Miss'Aiigel^e onxnlons: about frocks ann firook- hunders gMdaal^j- hut^ sorelj^inaenreal a complete change, *«d -she wasss happv over her newly discovered excite mestas aMCUld over a new toy. IGssSetehawwaa cJoseted with 'her phflo sosiierand guide, the fashiosahle coilliner -and dressmakaryidsep in ths ctndy of the intricacies of the last fPariaian edicts reli&ig; to frocks, when Hubert Underwood wa* admitted below, ani immediately ^proceeded tothelibraryjwhere he hoped to'nnd TJaniel Kershsw. The young man was .pale, flia eves^weii dsnd about tha room nstleseiy, and hir 'hands trembled. Mr. Kershaw happened 4o --be' momentarily absent, and to the young jour Miistthsfew minutes that^dapeedibefore the ?dUiouaire entered the library appeared in tarmiMhie. ' The old pioneer at once noticed ' thepecu liarly nervous condition of the naualiy so calm aad ncexcitable voum? man. and immediately faced him with the remark : ' Thar's somethin' gone ? croaked, boy, I know. What isit ?' ' Mr. Eereharw,' answered Underwood, ' I tad intended, if possible, to - spare- you the worry -and -annoyance which are bound to - arise from the--discloeure I have to make to you,- bat matters have taken- such a tunfthat I deem it my duty to tell yon what has hap pened.' ' Hold hard,' exclaimed the eld man. ' 1 guess what yew're goin'-to tell me ain't as B-reet- as maple sugar, and if yew don't mind, rilBit down to it. Xow, my boy,' he con tinued. -seating himself is his big armchair, ' yew can -tart, an1 run, an' race, an' have the whole length o' the road.' -' My father, the father of whom I have such reason to be ashamed,' continued Hubert, with -an- anxious tremor thrilling in his voice, '?is in-Xew York. He has been in New York for-fiome day*.' It -was uaniel Kershaw's tern now to feel dation. He Dad faced dangers of .ail kinds Over and ever again ; he had laughed gaunt death' -in the face on scores of occasions, -but ahame, and especially shame and distress to his 'AiuEel|--aflzightec- him. A ghost had launted faun for two or three days past, a ghost called ? tip -by Michael Tcmer's face which he had seen from his window, the ghost of TT«ai«»»» Joe -that scowled at him of a night, and glared at him from odd comers of hU dreams, and painted with daw-like fingers to its torn and swollen neck, and cried, *' What right have you with my daughter f -Give np my daughter! Tell her that youlalled me ! ' ' Waal,' he said slowly, 'that ain't news «sone would print, an' buy a frame for, an* bang in the parlour, but I guess it wos to be some day or other. I reckon ne wants money, an' he'll have to have it.' 4 ' I have given ahntnonev,' retorted Under wood, bitterly , 'hut it is like droplets thrown into the ocsan. The more you give, the more ha wastes in debauchery, and f4e more he -waati. That would be little, b^i he has just escaped from gaol, ana there is no crime tbat he would sot commit, when in ^^'V, or to^efc ^t^^|t| fgT»«i|»«^f-« piwitWhrt^*if liaS«pn^»^^[ to reform, and -very nearly succeeded in throw ingidurtinmy eyes. lVackily hehebmyed him self, and he betrayed himself over a real or pretended grudge against yon.' 3*' Agin me?' cried the old man in^astoiush Bient. 'What's he got agin me?' -'- . 'He whole story had to be told— the-sore-hid tobelaiatollyhare.- -' / ,ff 'H»«aysJ*«mtmneI Hubert, wftK slowly ifierxons -aeunerajion, '.that Jpn ^TftniTffd hw partner, HfcH6ro3oe, that you neerlr Ranged him, that Miss.' Kersfiiw is Hellfire Joe's daughter, and that lie will not -allow her to remain in ignorance oz nex zaiuer s-riame.* The old frontiersman had risen slowly, with blanching face, and stonily hardening features, sflantand grim. Gradually the heaving bosom swelled,- the lips opened, showing the teeth, hard set, and a fierce solemnity, the solemnity of .outraged justice, shone in his eyes. ' Mike Turner yewrfather,' hissed Sershaw, 'an' heUltell my Angel that her father was a muzdererran' that I nanged him. 'Not much he won't, I reckon. Whar is her' he de manded nearly savagely. * * I have him sale f or the.momeiA,'' answered Underwood, aghast at the impression his announcement had made.npon the millionaire. 'He is under lock and key in a small hotel in Canel -street, and the proprietor ib keeping watch.and guard over him.' 'But yew cayn't keep: Jiim thar for ever,' cried the pioneer. ' Let's keep our headj cool, an'-see that the primin'sidry. It won't do now to goto Yewrup, an' leave him hyar. That would look cowardly, an',, no man or devil shall ?ever.saythat Dan'I Kershaw wos afraid of him. It ain't yewr fault, my boy, that Cheeseface Mike if .yewr father, any more than it's my Angers fault that Hellnre.- Joe -vras hers.' Hb li&d; confessed the .lurd nafawi tnifh withoutinomng that hehad confessed it, but, now that it was told, he felt the load of a nuUstoDe- taken from his mind. For yean he had jealously guarded the secret. Now another man .chared it, the man of lall others most likely to shield, with the bulwark ef his own life, her whom it threatened. And Hubert, knowing thatiis betrothed -yas of as Jowly, as mean, and as despicable birth as tiifrmlf was so steeped in. his love that he felt not even a tinge of added joy over the dis covery which brought Angelica *&ershaw; to a nearer level with himself. She was not lowered ahairsbreadthinhis esteem, in his reverence, in his adocs,tion. Only a tremorous piry, a tender eon-ow that annointed his love, and made it a trifle softer and balmier. Not a re mark, not ac exclamation of surprise escaped from his Kns. His Angel was hie Angel, and he would as lief have chided a butterfly for having srerung from a chrysalis as having dreamed «f deeming it a reproach that she was as low-born astimself. -- __- ''Iguessyew've got toilet mo .handle that father o*ye«ran,' contisued Daniel Keishavr. ' It ain't to be reckoned as yew'd keep the grip on him another man could. He ain't quiteadsgfcnejboL Cheesefaee Mike ain't.' -If he's escaped from pris'n, he knwsthat he can be seat back agin. He may think that his son wouldn't do that, but he's tasted samples of my pepper afore, an' I guess his mouth is smartin' yet. Thar's two things he did. Mike Turner's got to be made to keep -e. dose tongue, and' — here the old man's voice dropped, and a tremor vibrated through it — 'my Angel's got to know that I ain't her father.' ' But surely ? ™ ecclaimed Hubert. 'Oh, don't yew go an' frighten yourself,' interrupted Kershaw. ' I ain'tgoin' tatell her nothen about Heilfire Joe an' his gallows. Thar ain't nothen to be gained hy that. But I count as I got to be honest at last, an' tell her as I've stole her love, an' beg her to forgive me — forgive me.' The voice became softer cad nearly tearful as he went on. It was the voice cf % poor repentant sinner proclaiming his hope of a pardon to come. ' Yes, my boy,' he repeated, ' I've stole her love; an' what's more,' he added with a stem resolution. 'I mean to keep it, God bein' wiilin', all the days of my life. Now yew go down town, an' if it can be did, yesr bring that father o* yewrn to me hyar. If it cayn't be did, yew come back an' let me know, an' I'll go dovn to him.' 'It's only right,' he muttered when the young man was gone. ' It wasn't fair to start with, an' God knows I've tried to fieht aein it. An' tell her of it &is; many a year past.'* The young lady vas in a pretty pont at being disturbed. 'What a bother,, daddie dear!'' she es- claimed as she came iito the room, radiant iritfe the glow of agreeahto excitement. 'Mrs. Mortimer is upstairs, and her assistant; and she has to go back neady injujediately, and she can't waifcV . ? - . 'Sit down here, mvAjogeV' he said softly. 'Never mind the draftmafcer for a few (sinits.' 'A few minutes?'' «ho cries, Mining her psettrlips. 'A few minutes P' ??? tee, a few miniU,' ha jipJied, « ferhgpi ten— perhaps nflecn. Yf-wll give tliera to yewr diddie. wou't yen-, if he asfcs yew ?' \- ' Why, you're as seiiou-; us a judge, uaildio dear,' rejoined ^-,Iitfa Anpel. seatuig herself on a footstool at his feet and looting up into his eyes. ' What .'» the m-itler? Wh»t has hap pened ?'? He took her head between his two hands n4 fcissed her upon the 1 jrchead, long and fervently. *? I lore yew so, my Ar.^el,' he breithed. ' I believe I'd die if I were forbid to love yew. I ain't much of a hinil ct sayin' wbyBj nor wherefores, nor hows, but I know that yew're settled jest here— jest oe my heart. Vi.' groared thar.' , ? - 'I know this, dad Jie di'lluj,' sliewuispered surpri*edly. '?! have kuon-n it ever since Tve been able to understand what it is to be loved.' ' An' yew love me, my dsar,' he continued in the same tenderly vibrating half-broken voice. ** Yew lore me as a good gell ought to love her father. Tell me, dearie, do yew love me because it's yewr nature, an' yew cayn't help lovin' me r'' ' She looked up at Lim iriih h-r big, ^3art eyes brimmiDg with her heart's full devotcdnese. ?* What a question to aek, aaddkiV* she said emDingly. ' I love you bwsc I love you. Because you're the dearest daduie in the world ; because sot to love you wonltl be (impossible.' *' Ah, would it i' be ratored. ' Suppose yewr faWm w»s dead an' cone long . ago, en' V ve taken Jes place, an' green out as I was yewTTather.' . His-eyes were ? glued upon her as he spoke. He watched every movement of her features, as if all his he&vcii; -were staked upon her rejdy. -lI don't want to suppose any such thing.' she answered. ,' ' What is the good of it?' ' Answer me,' he pleaded. 'Suppose it wos. Suppose I wosn*t yewr father— how wouldittothflai' ? 'Whyi if it were so,»» she repUed with drooped eros, and the ringers of oae hand nervously moving across the open palm of the other, ' you 'have been my father — I know no ?other— I can think of no other.' ''.But if 1 had told yew lies,' he went on in a hoarse etoninesB, — ' if I had told yew stories that wosn't true, becos I had to say -eomethin*. -yew -ixow, when yew asked questions, — an' »ymd- ASA «sk & irA- tiw 1mr.tr — all finrt£ nf '»m^ about yewr mother, si* about things — an' I, I told them one after another, as* one wickeder than another. Becos, jew see, my dearie,' he Tiied in an agony of confession, 'I am noi yewr father, an1 I've lied to yew all this while. An' sow it's had to come out, an* yew'll de spise me.' fie turned his face aside and buried it in his She, slowly and gently, and with the tears of piteous sympathy veiling in her eyes and rolling over her cheeks.jlrew iis fuigers aside from where they rested, and encircling his neck with her soft arms, pressed her face against his, sobbing as if her heaebetrings were over strained' in their effort to make sweet music ' ' No. daddifi darling,*! the cried. *' Never, daadie dsding — never, aowy in this life which isyours^never, now or hereafter. You not my father ? There is only one for me besides you — the Master in heaven. A thousand times more my father now, than you ever could have been.' And kissing him again and again in such hoi embrace as a daughter may give to her rarest, Bhe laid her head on hio bosom, and the sturdy pioneer -wept with her as though they both were children. She pulled out her handkerchief and dried hie eyes and hers at the same time. 'LUten to me, my Angel,' he -whupered. ' I'll have it off my chest— as much of it, at any rate, as yew need be told.' A shiver of self-reproach went through him at that moment, as he reflected that a portion at least of the dread facts would hare to be con cealed from her. ' ' Yew wos a tiny wee baby,' he went on slowly and stolidly, ' when yewrjather died — jest about three year eld — an' yew had no ore in the wide, wide world to give yew as much as a drop o' water— no fatter, no mother, no sister, no brother, no nobody. I knowed yewr father. He was not a very' .good man, bat it ain't my place cyarto say a word agin him afore Tew, his daughter. Yew wos the! ? L.2 ? 3. L.Vl_ll-i T a— ~- ^ __V At ? — _ JHHLUOBb UAUUjr MAUL X CIW BCU, UU MM* SUV* ? meat I set my eyes on yew I took to yew, an' t Tew took to me. You could barely toddle' then, an' I wos as pleased as a squaw over a new red blanket to have a little thing like; yew crowin* at me when I cum home from the mountins or from prairie loafin*. An' then; yewgrowed.an' the more yew'd growed, the : more yew got to be a need to me, an' I would, rather have done without toy rape, an'' Jay, whisky, fifty times aye, without yew. An* then : yew got to be old enough to talk, and to ask; about things, an' then the lies had to begin,: and yew called me daddie, an* I didn't like to say nay to that — it would have hurt me to say nay to that. Then all the folks aboot called' yew Kershaw's little wench, an* I didn't eay nay to tliat either^an' the bigger yew growed, the prettier yew growed, an' yew got to be jest: a bit of my heart Ilka, an' a man might as easy, have cut a slice o* that out, as jbw, Then -I got rich, an' the gold cum tombun in, waggins full, an' I wos glad it cum. I said to myself, that's all for toy Angel, an* that pleased roe, yew know, an' made me work harder, cos -I had yew, my dearie, to work for. An' yew' growed quite a lady, an* so hmwnwi, aw* *o- lDvinYan* so land tome, an' all the people' loved yew, an* I wos so proud that they did, love yew, an' tnougo. l onen oia uuns «t teuin. yew, I never had the heart to do ittfll now. An' now I have told yew, an' you-haven't called me names, an' yew've.laseed me, an* Fm happier than ever I woe^obs I've told yew »h»t yew onght to tavif Jknowed ^stan \-- HeMisedheranadrewheitolusbr«ait,aiid -anfolded her slight frame with -'his great; strong arms, and pressed her' to' hjfneart, and'; neither of them ottered a whisper for the«paee of a minute or two. ' ? ,-' «? ' Do not speak of tins again, daddie darling,' she breathed. 'I want to know no more about it. I am doubly your child, for now my sense of gratitude is awakened, and I am beginning to feel how much I owe to your love. But for yau I might be a poor, wretched, forlorn waif of the prairies — a straw cast before tbe winds — and here lam rich, respected, beloved, and Cared for. I have not yet been able to arrive at a full appreciation of my debt to you, but I, will soon, daddie dear, I wilL' But TO love you all the more, if that be possible. I'm a fright,' -3-e exclaimed wiQk changea coante nance, jumping up and regarding herself iutiae mirror, 'and Mrs. Mortimer will think yoo've been .scolding me, and have made me cry. I don't care,' she added brightly, smoothing her tresses ani cooling her glowing face with her handkerchief, ' let her think what she liksp-*' She blew a kiss to him as she paused fora moment at the door. 'God bless you, daddie darling,' she whis pered, and was gone. Gone like a soft breeze that has cooled the burning face. .Gone like a bounteous shower that has refreshed the sun-scorched plain. Gone like blessed charity that leaves its happi ness in its wake. Gone as love does go when it has brought life and hope, and has promised to return. The pioneer waB eitting in his arm chair dreamily, as he had never remembered himself before. A doubt soil battled in his mind. Ought I to have told her all? he deliberated with himself. Ought I to tell her still? No, no, no, no ! came the answer of his conscience, clear as a clarion: you mnst not break her young heart and blast all her life with the cankering thought that her father was an assassin. At that moment young Underwood appeared at the door, paler even than he had been earlier in the morning. ?? What's the sign now?' asked Kershaw. ' Is thar a painther loose ?' 'No,' gasped the youw» man, ' but a creature that's far worse. My father has got away again:' 'Got away:1' exclaimed the pioneer. 'Waal;' ...„'. * '-'He has. nearly murdered- *hs landlord of the hotel?' continued TJnderwond/ 'He made a ghastly horrible sling-shot by fiDiuca heavy tumbler with^the iron topjjBcrewedoft from the fire-irons, andlying the lot in a handkerchief. He lay in wait behind the door for the poor man, and when the latter entered to give him his I jnchBoo, he struck him a fearful blow over the back of the head, breaking the tumbler into half-a- dozen pieces and fracturing the skull. It is doubtful whether or not the wounded man will live, and in the hurry and skurry my father got clean away.' ' Waal, boy, what do yew propose to do?' asked Kenhaw. 'Heaven only kno we,' replied the journalist. ' There'll be a trial now, and an espoBure, and Miss Angelica may hear all about it, for the old villain will certainly not hold his tongue. O God,' he cried, ' is it a sin to wish one's own father dead?' [T« SE COSTIXCED). 