Battle in the Clouds. Spcctral Armies Fighting for au flour and a ISaSf. The Paris correspondent of the " New York Sunday Meicury " cays :— Considerable excitement isaa bean oc casioned near Metz by the appearance of spectral phenomena of a most marvellous character. Tiie phenomenon was firBt visible on the evening of May iJ, 1891, when a cum ber of workiDg men passing along the high way observed what at first sight appeared to be a email aloud passing over eorna meadows near by where they were going. Their curiosity was aroused by the nearness of the cloud, when, to their astonishment, the dense, dark mass gradually disintegrated and spread over a large area, the matter of whioh it was composed gradually assuming the shapes of men, hcrees, artillery, and all the paraphernalia of actual warfare. The peas ants stood entranced, watching the my sterious phenomenon, and were witnesses to a battle royal which continued with the most amazing exactitude of military detail for about an hour and a half, when darkness came on, and the epestral shapes gradually melted away. The phenomenon was wit nessed by over 100 people in all, and has wrought such a sensation in the district that quite & panic prevails, it being believed that the apparition is an omen of approaching war between France and Germany. A number of intelligent and trustworthy people, including a couple of priests, have come forward and attested to the genuineness of the tacts given. Scientific men are now busy explaining the causes of such appear ances, which they attribute to certain photo graphic qualities of the trans-atmospheric region, where, they claim, are etored phan toms of everything imsginable that has in habited the globe from Adam down to the present time—where the history of the world is written, or rathsr represented, spectrally —a limbo of physical creations, which serves as a museum of natural history and anti quities to those who may be able to go there and see it; juet such a place s6 Raskin, in fact, would consider the ideal Paradise. It is thought that by some refractive qualities of the atmosphere these epsetral pictures are made vieibleto the eye occasionally, but that they are mere shadows of past occurrences, accidentally disclosed to the vision of thoeo who happen to be in certain vicinities at a certain time, and that they have no more meair'n; than a mere echo, they being, in fact, echoes ol bygone things. The present occurrence is by no means the first of the kind recorded, previous m∋ I festations of the kind having, it is supposed, I inspired the myths on which the old Hellenic ■ religions were founded. J In some cases spectres of men have been { Been whose heads almost reached to the j cloude, but this is merely caused by the m&g; I nifying powers of the atmosphere. I Scotland, which, by all accounts, is one cf | the greatest ghost-seeing places on the earth. | has toad manifestations of a similar kind— I one in particular being recorded with gie&t; i precision, and upon moat rtliable authority, I This took plnee on a summer's evening in I the year 1713, when a eery-act of Squii«i j Wren, of Wilton Hall, saw a party of horso - I men pass along the road and disappear up j the mountain side. He searched for days in j the hope of finding them, but could not eyen j liad tho footprints of the boreee. When lie Itold his story, the gillie was laughed even out of his own belief in the Btory. A year later, however, the same man beheld another spectral tableau, end happening to bo in the j neighborhood of one of hie master's friends, j another laird named Lancaster, he asked hi as I to go and witness it. Upon their arrival e(i j tho spot where the apparition waa visible, I several other persons were already congre j gated, and what they witnessed is described j by those who saw them as follows : " The j equestrian figures seemed to come from tha j lowest parts of Souterfell, and became visible st a place called Knott. They then advanced in regular troops along ihe side cf the fell till tbey came opposite to Blake Hills, when they went over the mountain, after describ ing a kind of currilineal path. The pace at which the liguree moved was a regular swift walk, and they continued to be ssen for up wards of two hours, the approach of dark ness alone preventing them from being vis ible. Many trocpa were seen in succession, and frequently the last but one in a troop quitted his position, galloped to the front, and took up the earns pace with the rest. | The changes in the figures were eeen equally by all the spectators, and the view of them was not confined to tbe farm cf Blakehills only, but they were seen by every person at every cottage within the distance of a mile, the number of persons who saw them amount ing to abnut 20. The attestation of these facte, signed by Lancaster and Stricket, bears the date cf July 21,1785. It is, therefore, scarcely likely that the manifestations wit nessed near Metz amounted to anything in particular from a prophetic point of view, al though a rather sensational statement, which has appeared almost simultaneously, will doubtless make many think that tbe long looked for European war is close upon us. ■ This statement is to the effect that a doeu j ment has been discovered which forms the | basis of the treaty between Franco and | Russia, and which discloses the exact man jnerin which Germany is to be divided up j between these two powers in case of hjr de I feat. The arrangement is that France is to i Jackie Germany single-handed, which »ho j desires to do to regain her military prestige, and that in case of possible failure It jssia is j to come upon the scene and end all doubt3 | about the result. Although, on the face of | it, only a canard, tbia story is being eeriously j discussed by leading French and German i journals. I j The last of the BorgisE, who count several | popes, cardinals, dukep, and other august j personages among the members of their once J famous family, has jast died in poverty and , | want, in a little Tyrolese viilsge, where his j i widow is recommended to the charitable pub lie in the local newspapers, in IG71 one of the Borgias was canonized by Pope Oiement X. ; less than a century later Don Alberto Calistc Borgia, the Spanish Ambassador, was the most brilliant courtier at the Court of Charles VI. at Vienna, Since then fortune has not smiled upon the liorgias ; and the last of tbe noble race. Baron Frederick Calisto Borgia, who has just left " this mortal lifu," bas been starving for the last 20 years as a poor village photographer. 758 