THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but lie was not able to buy tho article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3 l'oplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and ho shall tell it in his own way. Air. Gaskin goes on to say : — 44 Up to eight years ago I liad never lost an hour's work through sickness.' In December, 18SJ, whilst living at Houston, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water anil slime, tho latter so thick and sticky that 1 often liad to remove it with my lingers. Aly chest used to 4 fill up,' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish- green phlegm. I Juid a racking cough, and would cough nud strain tiff 1 bled at tho nose and tho blood rushed out of iny cars. I became exhausted and short of breath and liad to call the doctor, and was ir. bed live or six weeks. I then went as out-patient to fclio Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there lor six months was very little better. 1 got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months 1 kept get ting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, ami my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that- all the beds in tho hos pital were full, mid I saw my club doctor und also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, You are in a galloping consumption and must die, the other doctors after sound ing my lungs and chest said nothing, but- shook their heads. Getting a trifle better, my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens aud grounds, and some days ! I worked a little and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1883, when I caught cold, got very short of breath and broke down completely. 1 "was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a tcacuptul at once, and was afraid to yo to sleep for fear the pjdegm would choke me. At this time tho whites of my eyes turned yellow, aud iny eyes were bloodshot. Aly lips and mouth wore dry and parched, aiul I oiten broke out into a cold, clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stono weight in three' weeks. I managed to get up for a fow hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of tho furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at case and got no real rest. Too "weak to read, I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing hut skin aud bone, aud was so nervous 1 couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. The doctor kept on attending me, but lie said, 1 i van do you no yood ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are dimmed. I then gave over taking his medicine, and tried everything I could hear of. One tiling was a cough euro from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to sec mo said, 4 Well, you won't cough much longer : you have merely to prepare for another world About tlic middle of March, 1889, a neighbor named Joseph Xatluun, who "works in tho paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me 4 Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup /" and told mc how he had been cured after being iu the hospital. Ho spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Air. Smith's Stores in Vie- toria-streot. Aftor tho first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep aud felt rested when I awoke. After taking tho medicine for three days my breatliiuggot easier, iny food kept down, and in a few days more I "was able to go out for a short walk. 3iy the end of a fortnight I went to see iny master, who asked what had wrought tho improvement, ami I told him, as I tell everyone, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since. Of courso my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for ah: momhs I was strong as ever in iny life, and have continued so ever since. li giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statement Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Air. Kcctlcy, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all tho facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered 'I Not galloping consumption, cer tainly (as one of the doctors thought ), or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When tho right remedy, Alother .Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield, to that magnifi cent preparation. We heartily congratulate Air. Gaskin on Ids recovery, and commend tho facts of liis ease to all thinking people. — Advt. 