IBSEN IN ENGLAND. -.? " HEDDA GABLES " AT THE VAUDEVILLE Following closely on the production of " Ilosmorholm" and "Ghosts," which created such a storm of criticism, London has again been brought into contact with Ibsen by the production of " Hedda Gabler" at the Vaudeville This was at a mat-coon Monday, April 20 A special interest attaches to the performance from the fact that it was a bold dramatic enterprise on the part of a pair of 3 one Amonean actross-inoi-fioressos, Miss JU1_aboth Bohan; and Miss Mason Les, who have taken the Vaudeville for five mutinies They believe firmly in Henrik Ibsen, and think that he is the strongest Irving dramatist They are further of opinion that " Hedda Gabler " is his strongest extant play The plays opens in the home of George Town man whohasjuBt returned from his woddnlgtour, his wife being Hedda Gabler, a young lady who appears to have married from more caprice A Sunproof her inner nature is soon vi hen her friend, Mrs El rested, calls and makes a confession to her. Mrs Elvsted, a young wife of a loveless home with a husband many years older than herself, has fled, and will never return, owing to her passion for a literary man, Ejibort Lovborg the younger wife professes sympathy, but soon it appears that there was a time when she herself was on intimate terms with Low bore, and he does not scruple, in spite of the VOWS already made to the coasting Mrs Elvsted, to renew his former declarations to Mrs Tasman from that moment there is a fierce but society rivalry of Mrs EIv stod, and Hedda does not hesitate to thwart the efforts of Lovborg to abandon his former discourse life Hodda is destitute of conscience, destitute of foods and dying with ennui Her bookworm lines band Irares her to death, and she cannot in his) " shabby genteel " position obtain the luxury and society she covets Lovborg has been tempted to join a convivial party, and after drinking to excess locos the manuscript of a work which his rounds believed would have immortalised him. George Tasman finds it, and hands it to his wife, who, knowing that Mrs Elvsted has- materially assisted in its production throws it into 810 Are Ihonnthor never knows what has become of it, and, frantic at his loss, falls back into his old habits, of life the fiendish Hedda, vi now he leaves the house, hands him a pistol, preferring that he should shoot himself rather than become attached to her man again He is shot, but by other hands, and tire supple Mrs Elvsted produces 119 original draft of his work, and implores Hodda's husband to help her in reconstructing it he cruel used to lecherous heroine, finding all her b iso schemes are fruitless, ends the play by shootuighorsolf the play thus appears gloomy enough in plot, but it is developed with con sumnatoartaudthodialoguo-full of brilliant passages The Hedda of Miss Elizabeth Robins is spoken of in terms of the highest praise " It would be difficult to find fault with the playing of one part (says the London Daily telegraph) Miss Elizabeth Robins, who had charmed us all the other afternoon in the " Doll's House " man intensely human and sympathetic character, fascinated every spectator with her fine study of one of the most hateful, ill disciplined, triumphantly wicked, and unwomanly women that dramatist has ever depicted china Robins evaded nothing She had her tale to tell, and she shirked no artistic detail Her success was not a moment in doubt, the imperious selfishness, the audacious indifference, the changeful, cat-like variety of expression, the woman destitute of pure love, the creature unsexed by circumstances of devildom, were shown with brilliant effect " The Mrs Elvsted of Miss Manon Lea was an admirable study, the contrast of the loving frightened creature proving an excellent foil to the tigerish und crafty Hodda The other characters were well filled It is only natural that the production of a powerful play like this should give rise to discussion and the expression of diverse views It is pointed out by one writer that the spectator, loathing and abomination the doctrine of the dramatist, can still applaud the interpretation, and that this is a grave danger " So ndiruioblo, so consistent, so uniform was the nature that many who watched the performance did not know or care to admit that the play, if it means anything, justifies the most appealing selfishness and sheds a halo of glory round self-inflicted death A woman presents a man with a pistol, and urges him to be held enough to kill himself A woman who has suggested this friend's death turns up her nose when he has not done it beautifully, and proceeds to blow her brains out with no more hesitation than she would swallow a glass of water And 5 or so specious is the dramatist, so subtle is his skill in misrepresentation so fatal is his power of persuasion that for the moment we believe that Hedda Gabler is a noble heroic and not a fiend, and that Lovborg is deserving of our pity and not our operations " Perhaps the most interesting expression of opinion with regard to "Hedda Gag or,'' comes from Mr George Moore, the novelist, who as the English follow or of Zola and a rising member of the "so-called realistic school would be expected to be in ness's:.. with Ibsen's methods His view may & "for a. length, He says -"The problem mths ulaT the most difficult feat Ibsen however got tasks "V_3 the problem was the portrait of the woman that Nature has not intended to have, not tim womT tim. Nature has afflicted with incurable diseiiso-Hodrî. Gabler is the woman I mt Nature intends to d7Toy her own hand of Nature intends add that hams and never does she fell in any one of her ZC liocircumst-nçes in which is" p,ae03 SwisS admirably calculated to hand- X,, u, end but the genius of the finest in the fact that gas is intended holding a. new set of circumstances, that would not lend her to suicide the idea of suicide is latent but not visible A loss skilful artist would have committed the n pardonable sin of m Ling her discourse of some do. But those who talk of situate do not commit smile we are made to see that the do 1,5 there, burst never exhibited And how dom To ."" I ' A well-nigh impossible task p Eva 1, ,^"",J?0Vi UuB delicate touches whereby we are ,Zu^^it'T~ we notice the «iteuüonVümVú-or-hÓTT the portrait of a woman so ovnnmtnl,T-TLUBT,»T those very instincts in wh.-.To*£%,ll&^To to find a sublime consolation for the ills of life are to the woman the cause of man and so"- .. u"m";1B the idea "of motherhood stone. at the home to which her husband beat her on.? milk to her monotony on 1 worse still con,|nutcZ^ practising propmqiutj-that ., the work that in what Hedda cannot be grit ma boon says that _ a! French writer had written him as if 11 5 a^Ä_i"-__rSÄ SS off as Fit except a faint perverse bones of course J Toi is sometimes peep into his side wouldZLf 'Shaw ,VOu1'1 but only sometimes GouraTlTko AT IT' is wanting in her she wife everything else, shoeing serve hie'Vu EZZY of TILL Cobber ," "v," AZa L T *"y K?I,;r,"r_stS" s:_H;fK studies by her own hand When man has cabled Nature, to restore the 15 are drawn? in '-The _ ccrUuiimcasuro or cures v T\?ov^t?IR!"cldo, A woman is Ucdd 1 and it Vii - ,"' such a Nati-oworU butter invites sigh 0Uri?rR,<* that curiosity »..d.i.»",ii^1ä_.Sidc?_;rriu,s«1 by her into unbearable eoutTc with life T 50 bride is the first Hop tow fresher and the ATI" a matter of course. It is hardly 1 iio.OHBn" ceive a marriage w turn to buy ]'°,8,lb is a son dured Ibsen is too smart f d have on" sale for choice they writes to, sighs Those Hedda mines Tamlin"' was what fools an erudite fool lhovar7»'°f horse flag shofee-fjioircompamtrio november,! Cry night was closer to her 11 attend inform T,¿% " }'TmZ line at 12 of note of warning and/,.. k ,,, 11 ''a ' J's susI""-t«<l. second not a 0 ara ¿1,oWI1 h" Z ík° Tax "ct I" UM font je lousy that IMd , may rest V"' "'lflrCst and the aim hismainedanotlio. vLmlf0r5 and" BE influence he is atte, nor? to I?,,n-,u'd'«''or good buttiiespmtof ov-Tní.^n"'í.m im'«*{««*»., him to a wine party Wife r n"" " do' "as she B0I,(Ja do such ovd r" Because Lin Then like Head's mont.aud^onirc.Tnibloof £ lttCk"',g In tempers v voluntarily WhonZ des II VS ""body, I,. thought that Ibsen vV^uyieÍ,,1Ui! "seasons I characteristicaeuiu, butter class T this man to awaken In her. a. .""mV}'"1 °h2,0,"BhtIy jealousy of an other L"? 1,,hsi^ closing of felt "in this ma^"fmTsSwr;h0 hM h4f*> to write the book and the 1lnsT"'spiirod his own powerlessness to aXovn^n-T""1,1 study of her suffer Thor. in the fourth think, so? can only danger threatening , T" to leave her vulgar the pistol to hunters in' ,tf^'u!1hh0 wishes to him whose comments-, 1 as the 2116 party, cannot bom "CA'Wreï,(l,' and "class ignominy of a "S °w crack if it" is pistol is the wound in "1.. 1 S In running %,e_ ^út^^^J^T^«^ his play which the course of the Blethyn a US m-nagorossos, Miss I on "the HT To, two actress presently forwards M LM1T,n°1,mB' after ,,ro"fr'h* tendon of{ho'-DoIls HÍ-?"lï°h>?i" won the Mt tion at lorry's list", '83, "'Two recent produce, of Mrs -auX'B-As^o,^^'^ as the Audrey" 