Sioux Indians. With regard to tlie recent Indian outbreak in tho United States, it is stated that the Sioux nation numbers nearly 80,000 mem bers, and is the most powerful tribe of Indians in North America. Twenty-eight years ago tho Sioux broke out and massacred the white settlors of Minnesota, whore they were then located. Subdued, tlioy were re moved to their present reservations in Dakota. But they were again in conflict with the United Stat'os troops in 1875 and I87(i. The warlike . agitation , among tho Sioux of Dakota proceeds from quite an ex ceptional cause, if the Amorican telegrams' tell tho whole truth. Previous risings have generally boon duo to shortness of rations, and so many olmrgos of malversation have been proved in former times against tho agents appointed by tho American Govern ment to look after tho welfare of tho Indians that (says the Times) a suspicion is apt fo arise that tho offending tribes have not re ceived fair treatment. But the cause of the disquiet in the present, case appears to be that the Sioux aro possessed with the idea that a Messiah is about to appear, who will exterminate tho whito man. He lias failed to lnalco his appearance this month, as the prophets had announced. But the warlike ardour of the' Sioux", having once beon aroused, is not disposed to bo exacting over trifles, and is quite ? satisfied with the ex planation that tho event has been postponed for the present. The New York Tribune says:-No class of .savages isN more widely imaginative than tho American Indian, and' is capable of wilder work under the influence of religious delusion. Tlieso facts aro par ticularly true of the Sioux, and although this new dream of conquest is not confined to the Dakota tribes, it seems to have originated among them, and is .receiving its greatest power'for harm from' their belief in it. Tlioy are not only" by-far the most numerous body of wild Indians now living, but they are the bravest, tho crnelost, the most fanatical, and tho loast tractable. They have the best leaders and the largest resources. The are. of all, the most devotod to their tribal customs. They are proud of tlioir history, loyal 'to their traditions, and faithful to tlioir chief 111011. A largo body of thom is still'-wild;. implacable, and vicious. Tho Indians composing it rarely appear at .tho agencios; and'cling tenaciously to tlioir barbarous v:ays. Tlioy entortaiu a vast contompt for tho white man's civilisa tion, and koep their minds over dwelling on tho time when the Indian .will again bo supreme Ion; the soil of which tlioy consider ho lias been dispoi led only as a punishment of 'the Almighty. The " Coming of the Ghosts " is not a strange idea to the Iuliau mind. In one form or another,it is a common superstition; and although' largo sootipns:pf every tribe have seemed, from.timo to time, to grow weaker in tho faith tlioy put in it, there,is,no doubt that concerted action on the part of their chiefs and medicine-men might easily revive it. Fortunately, the red man has only a feeble talent for,organ isation. Men like Josephthe Nex Percos, able to direct large bodies of savages and tj compel: obedience to his will, are exceed ingly rare, and when they have developed in ,the past, pur great Christian Govern ment has gqnorally succeed in bribing them before tli'ey did much harm. _ Bui it is al most impossible to eradicatic superstition from the mind: of ah Indian, and it us aston Hshliug'what silly things lio will accopt, and what preposterous folly he will commit, un its1 ovil influence.. In' many cases no am ount of education will suffice to broalt its spell, and Indians who liavo boon taught in Eastern Schools, andhavo become.familiar with tho life of great cities, have thoroaftor taken tlio most'conspicuous parts in fanat' icol disturbances. J" . 