DOGS AND GHOSTS. (tmtt.y 5ev8.1 A psychological and eportive periodical, TM <>;<£ Gun, has recently been dzecusng the question whether dogs can see ghosts. Itap- pears rather late in toe day for differences of . opinion to arise on a point bo well ascertained. In all properly regulated ghoet stories toe apparition is perceived by a oo» ixzes, usuauy an at great beauty and value. Hxe conduct is invariably the ssra First he all over, toen his hair bristles up on his back, then he uttem a wild and pierring cry, and falls over cn his side, dead. His demise, in. the exatemexit of toe moment, is not generally obsoved by his quited proprietor till after his own intOTiew with the gfaoetiThe locta cl/otitu far dogs Keriig ghosts is the late Lord Lytton'sexoeSlrat story, which frightened Mr. Thackeray so whai he read it in the hotel drawmgroom at Folkestone: " The Haunters and toe Haunted, or the House snd the Brain." For sustained richness of iaadeat tiiis narrative has never been equalled. Here toe dog — a bull- terrier, we think — behaves in the «>«««« already desmbed. AnothfT anecdote of the same kxud is, we believe, lemgenerally known. A gentleman staying in an old house belongixig to a friend took his dog with him into hished- room. He wakened on hearing a low growl, and found the chamber full erf a mysterious wavering light, in which a headless figure in white satin was dimly visible. The figure slowly approached the bed, Wrier which the dog retreated, growling, and As the headless form drew nearer, toe gaxtiemon in oeu was nature tij perptexea. sea snadesuy there Came a TBBTwmrfqm the opposite side of the panelled roam. Ha figure paused, seaned to and presostiy withdrew to toe wall, where it disappeared. Vat Twr.TTting Hw flflpimanf nf tfco wwwti| find- tog his dog, a THmrifmt mjd m. with an awful expression of supernatural horror frozen on his features, was of course annoyed. He accused his fripnd of inhospitable conduct, m subjecting a valuable hound to such a trial, and threatened to appeal to the Society for toe Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Bat the friend asserted his innocence, nay, his ignorance of the fact thai there was any ghost in his establishment. He was fortunately able to appeal to his census return, in which no such inmate was mentioned. He but re cently become the possessor of toe house, an old one, and to investigate toe matter he re moved the panelling of the haunteocm. Be hind one panel was found a skeleton in decaying satin, and wearing toe family diamonds, which were mifgd jn. the 17th century. Behind toe panel where toe vogue inarticulate murmur which stopped the ghost proceeded was discovered the or rather the skull of the skeleton. This remarkable incident establishes the feet that dogs can see, and are peculiarly eusceptible to the unwholesome influences of super natural, or psychical. This was well known in ancient times. Die dogs of Eutnaeus. toe swineherd in Homer, see the goddess Athene, I and ran away whxixmg, while Eanasos him self and Telesnachns aze of the supernatural presgice. In ft ir»tpe wsv toe as3 of the prophet Balaam beheld the angel before the prophet was aware of the appari tion. In a haunted house recaitiy investigated the dog of the philosophers con coned was ex tremely uneasy, though the philosophers them selves were only disturbed by little boys, who rang toe door-bell and ran away. That dogs may, and do, possess ghosts of tf»p> own a proved by many remarkable ATawpt, The M&uto; dog, which lived in a kind of crypt, under the Gastle of Douglas, in the TcTa of Man, need to h»nw»K quite at among toe soldiers, till one of to Am followed him to his retreat, and died a gibbering idiot. This was he of whom the story ran, " he spoke toe epectral hound of Man.9' Tn fh<> wiccf toe ghost of a bishop, seen rear the bishop's stone, between Ail and Ettrick, somewhere about 1S30, toe spectre of the ecclesiastic waa accompanied by that of hiEfevcuzite dag. The ghost of a dog belonging to a lady of letters of the last generation was seen by her in fcer own room shortly after toe animal's regretted de- — x. torical treatises as Mrs. Crowe's " Night Side of Nature,' and ghrmM snffice to convince the most sceptical inqmreri. This, however, is a field of studyin which experiment isadmissible, nay, requisite and desirable. ThePoychkal seances and Eee how they behave when the raps hegmand "toebodilesBgangehcnxt." Tn interest of valuaUe lives it miit be as writ to muzzle the hounds, as it weuWbe no trtA for a medium to he pinned by & tenacious ball-dog. Mr. Podmore or some otha- official might also illustrate the srieace by pretending to be a ghost, and visiting the slumbes of a bull-dog or bloodhound just to see what would happen. We might then learn whether dogs ore only superstitious or whether they have a «ww»H fat a genuine spectre. The service demands courage, but gentlemen famili'sr with the terrors of the other world will not shrink from mere physical dangers. The field of experiment on the lower animals is large, if Miss Cobbe does not drgaprni' Miss Maztinean was said by the Quarterly Se rine to have mesmerised cows, butthezults of "the experiments are not recorded. What could you "suggest" to a cow ins trance"?' If dogs can really be hypnotised, Tmghfr he dime for toeir education. It might "be "sug- gestsd"tothemnot to howl all flight, for ex ample. Few of ns when kept awake by a noisy cur have the philosophy dthegemal poet, who said, "Poor fellow, no donht he izas fazsdis- tresses, as I have mine." :: A.demetop«tthe animal out of hii pain is a imw> wwimnn wnft. aon. ily means of hypuotzsm toe streets might be kept quiet at nit Owneisof dogE would merely hypnotise ftirm, and ohsemfntoan, M Mind, no brnknig," The whole subject is af peculiar momenkto persone wixo irish to share the creed of " the poor Indian,'" though of us look ibr better tomes. The nnBw nf mind, in man '-H># Inwp-r Miim.V Wfifted by hyjiuotic cerimSrot, S'Jhe .hong paradise, a few canine oeta would ettiiidi toe dog's daim to a future fife. A dead dog may be of more interest to psychology than a Ering Han, far nobody has yet maintamedtiat Ifena can see. ghosts, '.or posses losts of tteir own. - We are onfy on toe threshold of psy-: diolo, evffieitij and toe whole thrfTTrng sA-. jectcffblack cats in toeir rdatom to toe mi- sEen nupondendie has yet to "be toresti- oted by modern adwiUflc meftoflg The fWwx of twnqfiMgi-iirinn being revived as a scientific doctrine have also to be reckfined with, for it is plain that no soona has comaKm uiwt iliij'aT! thflll jdSCOl <W psychical stisice bnngs it back agpiu. The old. witches, If we go on at the preeeit rate, wiQ.be reckoned »mnng martyrs and pereons zn ad vance of to att age. Thus the -whirligig cf time brings ua bis revsigeB — - sense, nonsense, ignorance take hands and change in toe ud persons whose grand- rfriha t.iqjiiA.1 at ehoets now ask worths 'are capable at discern urg apparitions. And yd: we hear laxnmits for the ages of faith, as iftoeywoe not always wito ns, as if many ww Ttwrtr ml gm wnsn ripated laffiefi of to-day were not as credulous ostoe moths of Guibert de Ncoit, a mediaeval example cf belief. The truth about dogs is, that to ore susceptible of pamc-fazs in the dark.! and in the piiMiaT nf ia iwrfwwT»«iT anil the£r ediibSti&ot; this dread reseanles ropezstitioos terror in reason- able brings. Buttiiat is not to the credit oc the ' more htihly evolved intdlect. 