Public Instruction. Those who voted for the Government on Friday morning an&&£ the preteit tliat We DffiBS and bis colleagues would do aa ifltidh ' or more for tlig laboririg elaSa and labox leglsiatlou &b; any otker 'body of men that it ?was , possible to h&?§ in pow&t; ehould hy this tim« he bSgLnnljig to Bee th§ tevile of their GOuree. Labor has got to take a back seat -While a long tariff! debate is in progreBB, and while ; all kinds of ancient matters are being faked Up tui bo&&§ of ednteiitidtL Thus lastnigH Mr. Oopeland, the Minister f&t; %&%&*; apparently- thinking . that controversy would flag if he confined himself to mat ters of immediate interest made a vidlent attaek tipori Mr. Bfiib's adminlB tfation of the education department in 1683, and when confuted made for a Minietei of the Grown the highly remark able statement that if the honorable member Was outside he would gi^e, 'hiifl eoine; good plain English language. ** jGobd plain English language,' if the expression be used in its natural meaning-, is a de sirable enough thing, and it ii a pity that more of it is not heatd both outside the Souse and in. PerhapB by the time the generation growd lip that 'has been absorb ing £800,000 per atiimm in education votes plain and grammatical speech will become more common, and Ministers who feel deeply will have, some other resource than to challenge their opponents to come out side. These invitations to adjourn to the open always seem to speak of an early manhood spent in barrooms where fighting was discountenanced as entailing possible damage to the glasses t&ther; than of a yontb. tlevotgd t& the study in well regulated schoolrooms of the humanities and manners At the traditional, extra charge of twopence. But turning from the mutual defiances of M*. Cta&EfcAMD; and Mr. Eeid to the .Subject matter of what they differed about a question of money is found that might well engage the atten tion offthe constituents had they not been led off the track of their true interests hy the jangle that has been, raised over the. tariff. Mr. Cohbland points out that in 1881 the expenditure for Btate schools was £480,000; for 1882, £618,000 j for 1883 (under Mr. Betd), £821,853, or £8 14s per head of children educated as compared with £7 10s per head in 1884, and £5 8s per head in 1890* Mi?. HeHj crushingly explains that the time he came into office just marked the final transition from the denonfinational to the tin' denominational system, and that his predecessor, Mr. F. B. Scttob, who is now once again Minister of Public Instruction, left him a legacy of £1.83,000 of school contracts, which he succeeded in cutting down to £83,000. - Notr here is a subject very worthy df in vestigation if the llouse had been left leisure to investigate* Mr. Smr$o&, as has been eaidj, is in office again, and the education esti mates have accordingly gone up to an amount even higher than the amount complained of ? under Mr. Heed's rule at the education oflS.ce, and without the excuse of a great change of system. The sum asked for th*© year 1802 is £877,062 against £763,010 autho xised for 1891, and it is -urgent to examine whether the country is not gouig too fast. Of course it1 Is a fine thing for rather over a million ,#of people to be able^ to say that they - %pend nearly a million per annum in education, but it is no more necessary to squander money on education- than on other branches of the public services. Theyoung willleam nomore because of the existence of unnecessarily expensive school buildings and superfluous officials ; while there should beside be gone into the important point whether the bulk of the people do not have, as things now are, to contribute to exclusive institutions and certain higher branches of study which can only be availed of by a favored few. Mr. Barton last night rather amused the House by quoting from a speech which Sir Henry Parkes delivered long ago in .favor of protection. This summoning up of rhetorical ghosts is, indeed, per haps, foolish -work at best. In thetsatein question it could serve no Useful purpose at all. Even if Mr. Barton's ironical apology for what he had done were to be accepted seriously, and it were to be thought that he- wished, to show, not that Sir Henry Parkes was : an inconsistent politician but that he had really once used most convincing arguments in favor of pro* tection, the frtsetrade party* could certain ly still afford to wish Mr. Barton , much joy of his jiisqevery. With regard to the episode in Sir Henry'a career, to which Mr. Barton referred, it used, to be eure, to be regarded ^by &e; generality . of 'impartial ' minded people, as a f^ng off Ii«to the freelrade faith, wfcifeh was as temporary 'ytiftofo as that of a more fsumpus apostie of another kind, a weakness whioh, in Sir Henry Parkes*s case, too,' was imagined to have, as it were, disap* peared at the crowing* of 4fne cock, There Is probably a very wide belief just now that the only summons to which Sir Henry has ever paid any real attention must have appealed to self interest and not to conscience. ^ Mr. t/arrufchers intends to introduce a bill to amend the Public Works Act in certain im portant particulars. The principal amendment he proposes is to&bolishthefees; paid to members of the committee, and this should be welcamed-as an instalment of the retrenchment -we have .heard ao much about of late. The principle in troduced by Sir Henry Parkes into the working tif tbe Standing Committee of paying members for their services was from the firpt recognised hy not a few as a vicious one, and as being a powerful leyerin^hehandspf the Ministrylortheiamelwing., There ww tabled in the Afleembly the other day a return^ebowuig the 'amounts |»aid py ihe^tate to members ^-f*3u8 committee -since its inception, together with' 4he amount of travelling «xgttusea. ? The return In question thpws$bat during tbe compatattvely short periodiius committee has boen in existence nolens a sum than JBftg^SBha«i1t-eenr paid ^fees,»nd,*742 Ob ©da84ar»r©liinjf expensei, a totftt of 10,884 8» 0d.' Thl«, 'too, lit addittoa to tb« »ttp«adfl rf JUOO * fu p&A; -to toftnbfera of tbe Aasiniby. When we come to «ei.m!fie tn@ ftrndtibfel received by iadi viftual menlbers of the cdmfflittee, thfe Ifrotkingr df the System, beeomes stall more interesting. Tho ohafflpion fee*raker was the well fattened Mr. 0' Sullivan, *h6 topped «M@ list with, the retard U ^SOsitdngfi. Sis Jb6S &,nt8utttedto £787 106, and his travelling expenses to .£109 £s 3d, or a total ot Sms 15s 3d, in addition to bia Parliamentary salary. *Tbk was ev&fi; far ifl excess of tbe chair man's ftesj and the chaif man receives foat guineas ajsifcfcing, while an ordinary msanber only gsU thr6e. The feefeond highest wfis Mr. Jacob dibtti^; who ^received MB2 8s 8d : ? iii fees and traveliing ex^ensfeB. Mr. Toakiq. follows closely on with *6849 lls 6d, and Mr. 21. T. Hui&pn;§fy with £626 6s, Mt. O'SuUivan. his not been very long a meinber of this pre cious body, having only feeett appointed in Jone^ 1683 % but he has been by far the most persistent in qualifying himself for the receipt »f his fees. The chairman, Mr. Lackey, received ^777 for fees, and nothing for travelling expenses* The list altogether is weli worthgtudymj. There has been no sitting of the committee now for several months past* and thd calling of the body into existence depends upon ike exigencies of parliamentary life. It is only when a Ministry has got secure in its position, and the public business is in, thorough working order, that this costly com mitfcee can get to business. The disposition to so Order things in Parliament as to bring about an tminterrapted Ministerial career must be very strong, indeed, and the fat fees paid are a sore temptation to the adventurer type 6f politician. It is quite time this insidious temptation to needy legislators was removed. The announcement that' the Hon.. Edward Stanhope* the British Secretory at State for War, contemplates economising the military expendi ture by reducing the cavalry by two regiments is, if true, little short of a scandal. It is not that cavalry regiments are things desirable in themselves if they are not wanted, but that the'nioney to provide ample regxntents is found by the taxpayer, and then the regiments are never up to their proper strength and have not suffi cient horses. Great Britain spends annually on her army nearly as much as Germany or France, and more than Bussis- yet should necessity arise she notoriously could not send two army corps abroad* and would have to disorganise her whole system to send one. Some two years ago the horse artillery had to be cut down as a measure of economy. If it is now the turn of the cavalry, the public force will soon consist of war office clerks and super annuated pensioned officers. A pretty active contributor to the modern drama has been removed bv the death of Mr. G Wi Wiitet Mr. Wills, as compared with many of his successful contemporaries— with many of those who have the ear of the public just now — was indeed a regular veteran in the service of the stage. He kept in harness almost to the last. ' It wag but the other day that his semi histerical play of ' A Royal Divorce,' of which the great Napoleon and Josephine were the prin cipal characters, was produced. ?? It is about 20 years since ' Charles I.,' a piece of a Rome what similar Character as regards* historical accuracy, but infinitely more successful than 'A Eoy&l; Divorce ' is ever likely to be, first revealed Mr 'Henry Irving' as a possible candidate for the first place on the London boards. Mr. Wills aimed occasionally rather high, and attempted work which at least was meant to be poetic drama as distinguished from popular. The blank verse, however, at which he frequently tried his hand, was mostly of the turgid order. Still he .was a playwright of no little merit, and of more than common literary skill. Deftness of the latter kind was a hereditary gift with Mr. WillB. His father, Dr. Wills, was, some 40 or 50 years ago, a rather celebrated man of letters. He was an Irishman, and like most Irish men of his day, a strong partisan. He was one of those whom fervid Hibernian patriots used to describe a3 'West Britonr ' — what would now be known as an uncompromising unionist. Dr WHl8*8 strong' feelings on national matters found vigorous expression in hiB ' Lives of Illus trious Irishmen ' — a work of really great merit, though spoiled to a great extent by the writer's habit of, unconsciously perhaps, laying the black ing brush on td most of the Irishmen who happened to be identified with the rebel cause. The number of the Cape Abgtts for November 13, just received, contains a blast of the trumpet preliminary to the arrival in Cape Colony of Mrs. Brown-Potter and Mr. Bellow: A Mr. T, Y. Twinning, - a gentleman whose conversa tion abounds in Latin quotations, was the herald of the Potter-Bellew combination's fame. He gracefully consented to be interviewed by the Ae&ub;, and between electrifying the reporter with such scraps of learning as ' rebus in arduis ' and **veni vidi vid,' let it be known that, of the two com ing stars, the one was a lady of surpassing beauty, the other a strikingly handsome man. He then launched forth, into Indian reminiscences, telling the South A**'**'' Jenkins that at Hyderabad sceneB from ''Hamlet' and 'She Stoops to Conquer' were played by Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew before His Highness the Nizam and a small but intelligent audience, and that, at the conclu sion, a nautch dance was performed in one of the drawing rooms for the edification of the visitors. This leaves painful doubts as to whether Mrs. Potter did not give practical illustra tion M the way to 'stoop and conquer'* by descending to Nautch dancine. But about the next announcement there is no ambiguity. The ingenuous Twinning declared that, when travelling from Allahabad to Benares, a venomous snake by some means entered the railway carriage in which were tbe heads of the theatrical company, and that Mrs. Potter, by fixing her eyes — ' tfhifch, by the way, are beautiful enough to£aaciuate even a reptile *'~upon it, rivetted it to the'spothy her steady gaze, and by half an hour's unflinching' staring-compelled it to retire. One always' imagined from the way that Mrs. Potter permitted herself to be puffed that she had a pretty £air amount of assurance; but this gift of staring snakes ont of countenance completely explains lihe qualities which enabled her to persist in a- dramatic career, lihe first ye&rB; of wMch were discouraging. t Mir. G, Maekay, inspector of stock, proceeded against a number of stock- owners ?A the Albury. PoHce Court ©n -Tuesday, for trespassing on the travelling stock reserves. The defendants in BefaralHiases joffended -only for the' first time^tand escaped with a ssoaU penalty. Andrew %re, »hx-,4ii 4ra»-«toted,-had been conyictefjf our tunes, previously ot a £unilar pffence,rwa« fepi^tS^ with^^iprolBBsional eosfa»-oo6t8o£«^rt,1atid witnewBes'expraees. t ~Jjr. ^ „ * A StrfiCASIifi OBfiZBXttat) P3ft^BBBnP«M*ft 