?í)t â_imt_ aïlxu.u'ng; Ätraftd SATURDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1801. EHTN PASHA has arrived at Albort Nyanza, and has boon -welcomed by 9000 of his former troops. It is baliovcd in Berlin that Emin has already boon reinstated in his former position at Wadelai. LOBENOWELLA, King of Mntabelcland, has coded the rights of settlement throughout his dominions to the British South African Company. CABLES reooivod at Adolaide from London state that a syndicate is being formed in London to pro- vide funds for the purposo of pumping son water from Port Augusta into LukOB Torrens and Eyre, -with tho objeot of changing the climat, of tho interior. THE Paris Figaro report« tho details of on alloged alliance, negotiations for whioh, it is said, aro being conduoted betwocn Great Britain and China, with tho view of chooking tho odvanoo of Russia in Asia. Sut JAJDM I__a-B80_r, tho British Postmaster Genoral, -will inoludo naval pensioners in his ?chomo for the appointment of rural postmen. \- Jin. G-BCirEN, tho Chancellor of the Exohcquor, proposes that -when the Bank of England issuo roaohos £50,000,000 tho additional issuo »hall bo based on gold only. TUB British Minister at Pokin telegraphs that no Europoans havo boon killed in the Mongolian revolt in North China. AHEKIOA intends to ro-iroposo a duty of 2_ cents on Austrian sugar, unless pork is admitted into Austria from the United States. PHINOE GEOEOE os- WALES has reaohod the con- valescent stage of his illness. I-VE THOU-AND persons havo died from starva- tion and disoaso in -Onsoquenco of tho prolongod drought at Chiapas, in Guatemala, Contrai Amerioa. ME. BRADLEY, Seorotary to tho Canadian Rail- way Department, has been dismissed for defraud- ing the Govornmcnt, and Mr. Arnold, a loading official of tho Publio Words Department, boa boon committed for trial for breaches of trust. ELSEwiiEUE wo publish a comparison between the proposals for the now tarin' and tho old ono. THE match between Lord Shofflold's team and the New South Wales Elovon commenced yester- day on the Association Cricket Ground, in tho proseuco of about 6000 people. GRACE won the toss and sont the Now South Wales mon in. Thoy made 74 runs, Bannerman contributing 25. Briggs took flvo of the Now South Wales wiokots for 10 runs. AT tho call of timo tho Englishmen had lost four wiokot. for 47 runs, Grose having scored 15. DUBINO the week 3280 auroa of land havo been selected at Condobolin. AT Lithgow tho pits supplying tho Railway Dopartmont havo boen fairly busy during the wook, but in others tho work has not boon so oonstant. IN consoquonco of tho shearing dispute at Kiacatoo station, near Condobolin, tho mon aro to bo paid oil. Eighteen thousand lambs will bo left unshorn. Sis HENEY PABKES, aooompanied by Lady Parkes, und MosBrs. __lorand Morton, MsX.A., arrived at Kioma yesterday, and wore entertained at a publio lunoheon at tho Royal Hotel. IN roplying to tho toast of his health, Sir Honry Parkes condemned tho Government for launching a question whioh must disturb tho whole land, when its plain duty was to pass the Estimates and próvido for finishing thoeo important measures od vanood by the previous Administration. AT Wingham the river is 1ft. over the wharf. Farming operations have been stopped by the heavy and continued downpour of rain. CHARLES O'NEIL and George Samuel Hadfield were charged in the Water Police Court yesterday with having conspired to defraud Joseph Smith and others of various large sums of money. They were remanded to Newcastle. AT the Central Police Court yesterday, Judge Murray ordered the sentence of death to be recorded on George Carroll, who had been con- victed of assaulting a little girl, and stated that it would rest with the Executive to deal with the case. AT the Hotel Metropole yesterday, Mr. H. M. Irish Lawns and Cambrics for cool Dresses, and Lawn Handkerchiefs in handsome boxes, are sensible Christmas Presents. Mr. Waters, in King-street, next George-street, makes a specialty of these useful articles.—[ADVT.] Stanley was entertained at a luncheon by the pro- sident and council of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia. BY a fire which occurred at Aidin, a town of Asia Minor, 200 houses and two synagogues have been destroyed. AT the Water Police Court yesterday, Francis W. Addy was committed for trial to the next Court of Quarter Sessions on a charge of having fraudulently appropriated certain sums of money belonging to the British and New South Wales Investment and Financial Company. TO-DAY is the centenary of the death of Mozart. Tins feoling in London concerning tho flnancinl statement modo hy the Now South Wales Treasurer is ono of satisfaction, and gladness is expressed that Now South Wules renlisos that sho cannot borrow f urthor. THE Salvationists prosonted for trial on account of tlio rocont riots between the Salvation Army and somo of tho townspeople of Eastbourne, have been found guilty at tho Old Dailey of unlawful assembly in a public streot. T-II now Victorian torpedo boat will lonvo Eng- land immodiatoly for Australia, via the Capo. Captain Jackson will bo in command. OwmQ to tho pressura of publie business, and the indisposition of Mr. Lyno, tho proposed visit of Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Lyne to Maitland has been abandoned. Tim London wool eales continuo with, a firm demand, but prices aro unchanged. Tim visiblo supply of American wheat is esti- mated at 62,900,000 bushels. MB. __NKY LUCY'S artiolo upon " Lifo in Lon- don, and Thereabout " appears in another column. In it ho refers to Mr. Spurgeon and In3 flight for _to, and contrasts his position to-day with his start at the outsot of hiB carocr. , Sin _ I_DE__ Wnn__i, tho well-known Now Zealand statesman, died yesterday from a paralytio seizure. THE polling for the Bourke election'waa takon yostorday. Tho lotunis to hand givo Mr. Waddell a majority of 222, and though 31 more returns have yet to arrivo it is not thought probablo that thoy will altor the position of tho candidatos. IN tho import markots tlio volnmo of business is greatly restricted by tho political situation, although most of tho Christinas goods aro not affected by tho tariff proposals, and business in thom is proceeding as usual. A FKTmoN has boon presented in tho Queensland Supremo Court for the winding up of tlio Imporiul Deposit Bank, Building, und Investment Com- pany. TIES Moonta minors havo resolved to take no further action towards the settlement of tho strike until thoy aro approached by tho direotors of tho ni tries. AT a mooting of tho depositors and shareholders of tho Land Credit Bank of Australasia, hold in Mclboiirno yesterday, n committco of inquiry Avas nppointod to aot with tho directors in tlio interost of all oonoorncd. AN artiolo by Mi\ Andrew Lang upon tlio " Lite- rary Movomout " uppoara in another portion of to- day's issno. IN tho Molbourno building" societies and banks yesterday business hod fallen to the normal levol. In tlio caso of tho sooictics already suspended depositors aro almost unanimously renovving their deposits. H.M.S. RINGDOVE arrived yesterday after an oxtended oruiso in the Solomon Islands and lo Now Ouinoa. TIIB Customs reoeipts yesterday nmountod to £5037. The 10 por cent, ad valorem duties realised £250. Tho questions relating to tlio Sydnoy Hospital soom. to bo approaching a settlo mont. They aro two m number. Tho first is hoAV to make provision for tho safoty of tho patients Avho aro now lodged in a tem- porary timber building, and exposed, accor- I ding to the emphatic opinions of exports, to great danger in the ovent of firo accident- ally breaking out in a structuro of such a «form and built of such inilainmablo mate- rials. The noxt is how to provide per- manently for tho hospital roquiromonts of tho locality. Mr. DIBBS has long onter tained strong viows as to the urgoncy of tho first of thoso quostions, and Avhen ho was in office somo years ago, ho carno to tho conclusion that tho patients ought to bo removed to a place of safety AVithout delay. Now that ho has returnod to powor, it is proposod that thoy shall bo removed to that portion of tho hospital Avhichs is known ' as tho Nightingale wing, a substantial and permanent structuro, Avhich Avas designed and built for tho accommodation of the nursing staff, but is largo onough to receive all tlio pationts Avho aro now in tho woodonbuildings. Arrangements haA'o boen made for the accommodation of tho nursing staff in tho immediate neighbourhood. In this proposal both tho Hospital Board and tho Colonial Secretary concur, but tho con ourronce is founded upon the understand- ing that a sum of £25,000 has boonplacod on the Estimates for 1892 toAvaras the completion of tlio hospital. Tho removal of the pationts is to bo takon in hand at once, and the Avoodon building Avhich they have been occupying is then tobo destroyed. Further proceedings for the completion of the permanent building Avili probably be delayod until after tho passing of the Esti- mates and tlio Appropriation Act. Tho position Avhich AVO havo taken in relation to this protracted controversy is Avoll known. Wo havo contended through- out that the execution of tho designs adoptod by the Hospital Board for the erection of a hospital that Avould cost moro than £200,000 was unnocossary, and Avould be unwise. Unnecessary, bocauso there was no urgent requirement in the locality for more tlian a comparatively small hos- pital, Avhich Avould receive acuto and emergency cases ; undunwiso, bocauso upon that site tho proposed largo accommoda- tion could only bo provided by building into tho air, and also because the complotion of the Princo Alfred Hospital at a much smaller cost would meet the requirements of the metropolitan district for years to como. And wo have further maintained that in the interest of economy and efficiency the whole arrangements for hos- pital work in tho metropolitan district as subsidised by the State should bo rovised and readjusted, so that olaborato buildings and appliancos providod at hoavy «ost for the treatment of cases that urgently require them might be roservod for thoso casos only, and that chronic casos, and others that did not need spooial forms of treat- ment, might bo relegated to hospitals built, fitted, and maintained at far loss cost in suitablo situations outside tho city and its thickly-sottled suburbs. Those opinions have been exprossod in similar torms, or strongly supported, by mon of high standing in the medical profession. In fact it has always appoared to us that the preponderance of what may bo termed authoritative opinion, unaffected by disturbing influences, Avas on that sido of the ouse. On the other hand, the completion of tho hospital build- ings in Macquario-street has had a largo amount of professional advocacy. The excellence of the site, with tho wido expanse of the Domain behind it, has been onlarged upon. The suggestion that some other sito, in a less froquonted locality, Avhore the land AVOS of lowor value, would bo proforablo has Leon resonted as a sort of disparagement of tho claims of tho sick poor. Besides that, it is to bo remombered that while tlio sito has long boen oocupied for hospital purposes by permis- sion of the Government, the title was granted to the Board of Directors by tho Farnell Ministry. And lastly, a sum of £69,000 has been oxpondod upon tho land in tho commencement of a building so dosignod that the work could not bo appfiod to any othor purposo, and thus if another site we chosen the outlay. | .would- be wasted. In theso oircum stances it -was rosolved a year ngo by the Legislativo Assombly "That in tho opinion of this House tho Government should procood with tho completion of tho buildings now partially orocted in Mncquario-shoot for tho pur. poses of tho Sydney Hospital ;" and that resolution was followed up by roforring to tho Stauding Committoo on Public "Works tho original plans and estimates, involving a cost in execution of £209,000, and als. modified plans and ostimatos for throe 8torios instead of four, involving an estimated cost of nearly ¿125,000, exclu sive of tho architect's commission. Tho roferonce to tho commission placed that body in a poculiar position, becnuso tho order of pvocodui-e undor tho Act is for tho House to decido upon a piojoct aftor tho Committee has inquired and ioported iipn it, and not before Tho Committee, hot over, aftor full consideration, locommcndod tho completion of tho building "in stono" after tho modifiod plan, and in that pos. tion at present the mattor stands. Tho most remarkable featuio in conuoc tion with this business lias boen the indifference with which, until the Govern mont of Sir AJ___,_>EII STUAIIT had to do with it, tho parties concornod _eom to have treated the quostion of cost. When com- petitivo designs wore cnllod for it waa stipulated that tho cost should not oxceed £45,000. A design which, according to the ovidenoo of tho architoct, could not havo been carried out for that money, was awarded tho prizo, and thon tho board had a now dosign prepared by tho same architoct on a moro ostensivo scalo, and of a moro costly character ¡ ¿_t what its probable cost would bo was np. parently tho subjoct iioither of inquiry by the board nor of voluntary information by tho architect, and it was not until nearly £69,000 had beon expended that it beenmo known either to tho board or to tho Government that £140,000 moro would bo required. Those facts, which will be found hi tho report of tho Standin" Committoo, aro worthy of consideration now, as showing that beforo any fluther outlay is sanctioned there should be a cloar under- standing all round. At present there is no such cloar understanding, but the matter is confused. Tho opinion of the Ilouso as expressed by tho resolution of November, 1890, was that " tho Government" should proceed with tho completion of tho buildings, and tho reieronco to the Standing Committoo seemed to convoy the idea that in somo way or other tho completion of tho buildings wns to bo treatod as a publio work, under tho direct control and supervision of tho Government. But now wo lind the chair- man of tho board informing his follow diroctois that £25,000 had boon placed upon tho Estiniatos for tho purpose'of " enabling the board to finish" one of tho wings of tho pormnnont building. Tho chairman also suggests that the wing should bo constructed " in brick." Hero we havo theroforo a sotting asido of the resolution of tho Houso, tho re- commendation of tho Committee, and the idoa of direct Government con- trol ; and thoro is no guarantee that tho £25,000, if votod, would not bo placed in' the hands of the board, and be tbo first of a sories of grants of which, as long as tho Houso continued to go on voting, no ono could positively forotoll tbo end. Tho situation in China is bocoming e_ tromoly critical. To us tho mnssacro of missionaries and thoir convorts, whick has been proooeding with ovoiy oxcoss of brutality, presonts the most startling phase. But it is now only too apparent that thoso outbreaks aro but local symptoms of a groat movement that threatens to break up an ompiro embracing ono-third of tho human raoo. Some timo since wo vonturod to tako this viow of tho outbreak of hostilities at various points against tho missionaries, and foreign residents generally. But repeated as:;w ancos wore given frorn China, and on io authority oven of Li HUNO CHANO, that this view, entertained by somo, was without foundation ; and English jour- nalism joined in tho expression of tho boliof that there was no indication of any general rising against tho Tartar Dynasty at Pokin. Kocont events appear to lo disproving this assumption, and the -ac- cession of ovonts points to tbo tp proaoh of another of thoso gmt convulsions wi.th which China again and again has boon shaken from tio centre to the circumference The province of Hunan-whoso haidy mountaineers have boon ever distinguished for thoir in. prossiblo lovo of liberty and dnuntte courage, as woll as loyalty to the ancient dynasty, and who wore the life of tie tfaepiug rebellion for tho restoration of the Old China monarchy-is ugain tho conto of outrage. That provinco has boon always tho most impenetrable to foreign idoos; and, while tho rest of China has boen almost covered with a network of tolcgrapl wires, it has strenuously and successful]; j-opell-d the innovation. It is thorefore .he ombodiment of tho spirit of Old Chino, as well as of loyalty to the anciont dynasty long ago displaced by tho Mongol and Tartar invasions. The confessed inability of the Court of Pekin to ropresB this rising and tho outrages on foreigners hy which t is accompaniod, is not the only thing lint is ominous to the reigning dynasty ¡ fa within the last few days we havo boon toil by cabio that a largo Mongolian rebel fore) is advancing on Pekin, and that an to porial army has boen sont to moot it This is not at all to ho confounded w.tt the movement in Hunan and tho southl- and eastern provinces, for tho Mongols ajo as distinot from tho Old Ohma party ns W the Tartars thomsolves. It was a Monal army undor the famous warrior JÏKOIÛ !___ thut, after conquering all tho rosta Asia, ovorthrow tho anoient dynasty a China and set up a rule ovor tho count« Avhich lasted four hundred yoars. An« it was in succession to this Mongo dynasty that the Tartars from Mon choona, being invited over to China, established thomsolves thora ass sort of lung Stork in tho placo of hint Log, driving out tho Mongol povvor, awl rearing fat ita place the Tartar dynesy, Avhich has continued to rule ovor China for two conturios unto this day. .From w separate and totally distinct sides, there- fore, the power of Pekin appearstobo threatened; and though thoro may not bo any fusion between the party of_ the o» legitimacy and tho power that «aga» moving towards Pekin fT^ wJL__ Mongolia, the object of both is tho same tho downfall of tho Manchóos. This complication adds to tho gravity»! the position, and makes it a serious quejón what attitude tho Western Powers d Europe should take m relation tot« trouble that is only beginning; «lOgJ To speak of it as a question of pr« missionaries and punishing.^ «*»*£ that havo boon committed barbarona* they were, on tho shores of thJang£ Kinng and elsewhere^ is taking a >... limitoll view of the situntiori. IW hard that mon and women who havo tnU their lives m. thoir ^S"0f gone forth to boar the «wj ° Soaco to the heathen, «^fT^ protected from molestation and boawMJ If made the victims of ^^jff¿ But without entering cn ti» lmm" bow far tho intrusion of missionaries into porilous positions may havo contributed to this outbreak of fanatical patriotism, there is the othor quostion of what may bo tho offoct of the pressure of tho "Westorn Powers on tho Court of Pekin, for tho purposo of compelling it to roptoss tho outbroalc against foreigners. It is well known that the con- tinuance of suoh a measuro of favour as is already shown to _ European commorco and ideas in China is involved in tbo continuanco of tho prosont Tartar dynn.ty ; and tho Western Powers, and moro particularly the British Government, are fally awnro of the importance of sus- taining, as far ns it can safely bo dono, the powor of tho Court of Pokin. It would bo madness to think that this should go tho length of ongaging in military or naval opft-fttkms against a goneralrising in China. lim-.it the least it would be no less mad- ness to maleo any demonstration or do anything that would weaken tho powor of Pokin. This is the viow evidently taken by Lord SAÍISBUIIY, who is blamed by Bomo for not taking moro vigorous action for enforcing order in China. That tho Court of Pekin is tomporising to somo oxtent with tho authors of thoso outrages sooms very likoly, the desire having beon to avoid precipitating an émeute into opon revolt ; and much as humanity may claim to havo disordor and outrage quelled, it would bo assuming a gravo responsibility if the action of England or tho Westorn Powers should so embarrass the authority of tho Government of China, as to consoli- date tho strength of its opponents, and add to the dimensions of a strugglo that would moko tho rivers of China run with blood. For a Chinese civil war is not like any othor war. It regards neither ago nor sex nor numbers, and hecatombs of millions on millions of pooplo would bo the sacrifico domandod beforo ordor in that vast and unwioldy _mp.ro might bo rostorod. In view of such a ponding catastrophe oven tho warmest friends of missions might say that missions ought to ho suspended for a timo, the cause of irritation bo withdrawn, and tho outrages on innocent victims be loft unavonged. But there is another danger that odds to tho seriousness of tho position. It will havo boon noticed that Russia, of nil tlio Powers, has not joined in any demonstrationf or tho suppression of outrage in China. Tho reason of this is not far to seok. The interests and the sympathies of Russia aro directly opposed to thoso of tho othor Powers of Europe in as far as tho Tartar dynasty in China is concomod. Russia has no quarrel with Old China ; but with tho Tartars it has nn implacable enmity of over a century's duration, and which has boon kopt alivo at every point of contact along the whole lino of Russia's advance across Asia to the Pacific. It is on the Tartar provincos and dependencies of China that Russia has boon impinging, and in vast and many districts province aftor provinco of Tartars has boon forced to trausfor allegiance from tho EMPEROU of CHINA, to the White OZAII. When occa- sion offorod-as in the caso of tho pro vinoo of Kuldja wrosted back by China from Russia whilo Russia's hands woro tied by European war-tho Tartar powor at Pokin has avenged itself on tho rostloss invader; and nothing in relation to China would givo greater satisfaction at St. Potorsburgh than tho fall of the Man choo dynasty at Pokin. Thoso outrages in tho interior, tho uprising of Old China, tho advanco of tho Mongols, oil are in tho totorost of Russia as woakoniug, if not oven resulting in the downfall of, tho Chinoso-Tartar powor. Russia, thoroforo, is watching, doubtloss with a keon oyo, the progress of disturbanoo; and it would bo but a little stop moro for her to unito with tho enemies of tho Court of Pekin in giving thom substantial assist- ance. Whon wo considor all that this involves, whon wo think of what a disaster te mankind it would bo if this vast Empiro wtOtycrumbling suddenly to pieces, wo aro connuuted with a magnitude of horror that wholly ovorshadows the sdd and painful story of the outragos on tho y__ff-tso-J-_im_r. The practico of " tipping," which has attracted somo attention latoly, has more iniluonco on the comfort of tho community than might bo supposod. Thoso corres- pondent- who havo written to us on the subject havo sot forth the merits or de- ments of tho custom in an unflattering light, and doubtloss many others of our roadors who have not so written will bo inclinod to ngroo with all that has boon said on tho rnattor. As to its univorsality thero doos not seem to bo any question, and as to whether it is an unmitigated uuisauco or not thero sooms hardly room for any very serious differonco of opinion. At the samo time, such is the conventional f oeling in connection with the practico of " tipping," few people aro found to possess tile courngo of thoir convictions on this point. They aro restrained either by a sense that any romonstranco they might niako against being mulcted in this way would bo regarded as an ovidonce of what thoso high-spirited persons who extort " tips " call meannoss, or else by a dibhonebt idea that a shilling or two spont in this way will obtain for thom that to which they aro not honostly entitled. Of courso, thero is a third explanation, to bo found in tho good-naturod liberality of pooplo with moans to spare, and of others not so favoured who aro just as kindly disposed towards thoso who servo thom ?ft ith courtesy and oivility. If the praotice of " tipping " were limited by these last con- ditions, probably no ono would havo taken tho trouble to write about it. Hut tbo fact is notoriously not so ; and wo recognise in tho correspondence wo havo published, and othor frequent complaints which ariso from timo to time, a spirit of meek protest, not tho loss sincero because it is sometimes humorously oxpressed, against a practico whioh in many instanoos is nothing moro or less than u system of oxtortion. But it is to tho oloment of squalid im- morality in this custom that tho mind of tho public instinctively objocts. This oloment illustrates itself in evory form tho practico takes-from tho doahngs of a Canadian contractor with a Ministor of the Crown down to the moanest acts of aorvico a menial can rondor. In both casos tbcro aro but difforent degrees of tho ^ samo dishonest prinoiplo, whioh consists in sotting up a secret bargain botwoon tho parties to tho pre- judice of tho opon transaction in whioh tho publio is abstractly concerned. Tho real transaction, it is clearly understood, is tho secret ono ; and tho publio contractor who cannot bribe, or tho hotel visitor whoso capacity for offering " tips " is limited, is quickly made to understand tho applica- tion of this subtlo ooonomio prinoiplo. The only differonco is that socioty and tho law doal with tho practice of " tipping " when it dovolops to the proportions of a bribe, wlnlo they tolorato tho custom of bribory T°** *t dwindles to tho ofl'or of a "tip." Hormis toloranco affects the publio com- fort ia seon in a acoro of ways every day, Xao rosults of what a humorous writer has callod "the demoralising but necessary imluonco of tho collection-plato " are paral- leled at ovory turn, so that it is next to lopossiblo to got a trifling sorvioo from an «tendant, or to acoept tho attention of cortain classes of waiters on the public without perceiving that they regard them solvos as ontitlod to a doublo payment. The cabman Avho takes you to a steamer, and the stoward's assistant who shows you to your berth, alike expect a shilling or two over thoir wage, and in- variably got it. In tho latter class of cases tho seasoned traveller pays his tribute in advance, and amuses himsolf for tho rest of the trip contrasting his lot with that of his fellow- passengers, who double tho amount of his gratuity, but unsophisticatedly reserve it to tho end of tho voyage. So tho custom goes on round the whole circle of life's experiences; insomuch that, as another writer of frivo- lous mind has ingeniously expressed him- solf, ono is almost expected to " tip " the undertaker who drives him to the tomb. It is interesting to notico what curious views some peoplo entertain on this subject of " tipping." To offer certain persons a money gift for thoir services would bo rognrdoa as an insult, but a small prosent in kind is always acceptable A man AA'hose foot would twitch with an impulse'to bo kicking somebody if ho wero offered something to eat in a spirit of melting charity, AVUI accopt something to drink without a tremor. An hotol servant, a cab-drivor, a railway porter, or any other respectablo industrial, who would rather starve than beg, will solicit and even demand an alms in the shape of a " tip " to which he considers oustom entities'" him ; and ho would bo a hardy reformer who would attempt to protest undor such oirou_istances. As a matter of fact, no one ever doos think of objecting in these instances until tho custom is seen to bear oruelly in the cases of persons of small means, and more ofton of unattended females, who aro sometimes mode to fool the demerits of the system in a manner as painful as it is unjust. The meanness of spirit which accepts a " tip " is content with small sums that most pooplo can ofiord to part with ; but the harm is not dono in bostowing the trifle so much as in encouraging that craving greed which nothing but a " tip " Avili appoaso. It makes willing service an impossibility, especially A_en it is allied with the insolent behaviour which, as some com- plain, is the reward of those who for- got or overlook -the oustom ; and the spread of the practice through all the relations of life is largely responsible for tho growth of that selfishness whioh unidealiseB life and tonds to turn it into a mero vulgar' scramblo, as of curs after bones. It is said that the practice of " tipping" is an importation, and perhaps that is to somo extent true. A good deal of it may bo traced, no doubt, to tho old oustom of " vails " Avhich tho guest paid for distribu- tion among the servants on his departure from his friend's house or his hotel. But in that case these " vails " took the place of the servants' wages, which aro noAV supposed to bo included in tho hotel bill, and tho "vails" Avoro not "tips" in tho propor sense of the word. Tho "tip" propor lins moro afllnity to the word " back shoosh " as MAIIK TWAIN uses it in his en- tertaining story, and implios as much as tho operator can extort OArer his fair rato of payment. It is not contondod that the practico is as general in those colonies as it is in other parts of the Avorld ¡ indeed, the tono of our correspondents' letters soems to imply a boliof that those who attend on tho local publio havo been de- moralised by travellers from other countries whore tho system prevails. Wo aro quito ready to bolievo that this is so, although it might not bo difficult to collect evidences to tho contrary. But however this may bo, it is post a doubt that the interests of the attendant classes and tho comfort of tho public Avould be botter served if tho Australian sentiment of solf-respoct woro sufficiently dovolopod to disoredit the practico altogothor. It has often boen a subject of remark among travellers in the United Statos, that visi- tors to the Capitol and other publio build- ings in Washington havo never boon suc- cessful in forcing "tips" on tho at- tendants who shoAv them round. The publio sentiment is strongly against it, and perhaps the manliness which MAX O'EEI- noticed among tho Avaiting olasses in America may have something to do with that sentiment. It is at all events hard to see how a man can preserve his solf-rospeot and cringe for largesse at the same time, and it seoms very ovidont that if we are over to have a spirited democracy in Australia, all seotions of the working classes will have to rise suporior to this demoralising practico of " tipping." A-oso politioal parties yesterday the pend- ing motion of censuro was genorally roforred to, but a forecast of the result is at prosont not hazarded by oithor Ministorialis'ts or the supporters of tho Opposition. So far tho labour party has not dotermined upon the courso of action it will take, and tho situation is to bo furthor discussed by its members in cauous either on Monday or Tuesday morning. IT is understood that the Premier inclines to the idea of using the Reformatory Buildings at Rook- wood for reformatory purposes. He has not, how- ever, finally determined in favour of this course, but to help him in arriving at a decision Mr. Sydney Maxted, the Director of Government Asylums for the infirm, and boarding-out officer, was despatched yesterday to Ballarat to inquire and report upon the reformatory system in that city. After his report has received consideration by the Premier, the subject will be laid before the Cabinet. MB. D. O'CONNOH, M.L.C., lins rocoivod tho following letter written by Mr. Jamos O'Kelly, M.P., to Sir Saul Samuel, acknowledging thorcoeipt of tlio Avroath whioh tbo Agent-Gonoral, on behalf of Mr. O'Connor, forwarded to Dublin to bo placed on Mr. Pamoll's gravo :-" Beloamp Hall, St. Donlooks, oounty Dublin, Octobor 16, 1891. Dear Sir,-The beautiful wreath forwarded by you, on behalf of the Hon. Daniol O'Connor, was dnly re- ceived, and placed on Mr. Ttiruell's gravo, whero it now lies. Mr. Pamoll's coUoagtios request that you will convoy thoir thanks to Mr. O'Connor for this touohing mark of sympathy with their dooeasod loador. Truly yours, JAMES 0'KE_Y. Sir Saul Samuol." Mn. CniTCirr.TT WAIICEB, O.M.G., tho Prinoipal Uudor-Soorotary, has recovorod from tho offoota of an attack of inifluonza. Ho attendod in his offioo yesterday afternoon, and will offloially rosumo duty on Monday. IN ordor to afford a moans of oasily contrasting tho now Customs tari- with the old, we publish in another column a statement giving tho two tariffs sido by sido. Tho inoroaso or doorcase of duty on any artiolo can thus bo readily gauged. The now dutioa, nooording to the Treasurer's estimate, aro expeotod to yield about £005,000, and, deducting. the amount whioh would havo hoon collooted under tho old taritf, a not increase of revenue of £836,000 is to bo obtained from this source. Tho romisslon of tho duty on toa Avili cost the oouutry £125,000, and on othor artiolos £5700 will bo romittod, making tho total remissions under the now tori £130,700. TnE-5 was nothing of any groat interest in the Supremo Court yesterday. In No. 1 Jnry Court tho libel action, Higgs v. Australian Newspaper Company, Limited, wa« sottlod ; and in Nixon v. Swoony tlio plaintiff obtained a verdict for £100 in an notion brought by him against defendant for trespassing upon plaintiff's land and outting down and romoving hin timbor. In tho No. 2 Jury Court tlio ojoobnont action, Waldron v. Mifoholl, resulted in a verdiot for tho plaintiff. AT the Central Criminal Court yesterday George Carroll, a black boy, who had been found guilty of having assaulted a little girl at Coogee, but had been recommended to mercy on account of his age, was brought up, and had sentence of death formally recorded against him. His Honor Mr. Acting Justice Murray said it would now rest with the Executive to deal with the case as it thought fit. Josoph Nigro was acquitted of the charge of having feloniously slain Thomas Risk at the Pyr- mont Bridge on the 7th November last. AT yesterday's mooting of tho Chicago Exhibi- tion Commission roporto prepared by tho different sub-committees were adopted. In connection with tho department of woman's work it was do cided to seek tho assistance of alodios' committoo. Tire National Association of Now South Wales, one of whose objocts is to seo that doctors exor oiso thoir privileges, notifies in another column that if person") who aro at present unregistered as voters, whether freetraders or protectionists, will com mnnicato with tho soorotary, Mr. W. Epps, nt 34 Jomioson-street, tho necessary stops will bo taken to have thoir names inserted on tho now rolls. AT tho invitation of the prosidont nnd council of tho Royal Geographical Society of Australasia, Mr. II. M. Stanley lunohed yesterday at the Hotel Metropolo, and mot thoro his Exoolloncy Lord Jorsey, tho Speaker of the Legislative Assombly, members of tho Ministry, members of tho .Legislative Counoil, and a numerous company of membors of the Geo- graphical Society. In responding to the toast of " Our Guest" Mr. Stanley mado referenco to tho relative difficulties of exploration in Africa and Australia. _ LAST night, at the Hotel Metropole, a ITnivorsity dinnor was tendered to Mr. H. E. Barfli, who is taking a holiday trip to Europe. Sir William Windeyer presided, and tho guests, who numbered about 100, consisted of professors of tho TTniversity, lecturers, and graduates. Apologies for unavoidable absonco, inoluding ono from the Chancellor of the University, woro recoivod by the chairman. After the toast of "Tho Queen " had been honoured, Sir William Windeyer proposed " Our Guest," and referred in eulogistio terms to Mr. Barfl's career and his distinguished sorvioes. The only othor toast was that of "Tho Uni- versity," proposod by Rev. Prlnoipal Kinross. The guests dispersed at about 11 o'clock, after a pleasant ovoninjr. Mr. H. M. S_AKT._Y is to givo his last two lec- tures in Sydney in tho Centennial Hall next Wed- nesday and Thursday, after his return from Now castlo. Both lectures will bo givon hero for the first timo, tbo first being entiUod " Twonty-throo Years'Work and Travel in Central Africa," and tho second "The Cannibals and tho Pygmios." Theso f arowoll lootures will be illustrated by liroo light pictures, excoutcd from photographs takon hy Mr. Stanley. Lost night Mr. Stanley leotured at tho Contonary Hall on " The Resouo and Relief of Emin Pashu." A -CATCH wos commonood yesterday on the Asso- ciation Cricket Ground botweon Lord Sheffield's English team and the New South Walos Eleven. Grace won tho toss, and sont tho Now South Walos players in to bat on a very difficult wicket. They wero disposed of by Briggs, Lohmann, and Attowell for tho small total of 7t, Baimonnann being top scoro with 25 to his credit. Briggs was very suc- cessful with tho ball, taking five wiokots for 10 runs. At tho call of time the Englishjnon had lost four wickets for 47 runs, W. G. Grace scoring 15, and Read 16 not out. The match will bo resumed at noon to-day. THE trial trip of the Langham, a steam launch intended for uso in Fijian waters, took placo yes- terday aftornoon. She has boon built to the order of tho Wo _oyan Missionary Society, at the instance of Mr. Chas. Drow, of Adelaide, who has made the society a present of hor cost, £500. Sha is a screw boat, of about 15 tons measurement, with quadruple enginns (Kyngdon's patont), and has 14J indioatod horso-powor. She has boon made with very light draught, to allow of hor boing navigated amid tho mud fiat« aud shallow waters whora her work is to bo done. Captain Graingor, of Queonslaud-chambors, is her dosignor; her engines havo boen furnishod by Messrs. Waugh and Josophson, of Sussex-street ; and she has boon built by Mr. T. Cubitt, of Berry's Bay. Tho measured milo was run in 8 J minutos with tho tido, and 10 against, or at an avorago speed of 7 knots on hour. Tho Langham will bo of immouBO service to tho Rov. 3?. Langham (ohairmau 'of Fiji District), attor whom she has boon named, and Mr. Crow has in her prcsontcd a much-approcintod gift to tho Wesleyan Missionary Sooioty. Sho is to bo shipped for Fiji by tho s.s. Birksgato on Monday. TUE monthly mooting of tho Zoological Sooioty was held yesterday afternoon. Mr. C. O. Skarratti prosidod, and thoro woro prosent-Messrs. Walter Bradloy, 0. Mooro, aud tho soorotary (Mr. Catlott). The secretary reported that tho recoipts from tho gatos for tho four weeks ended tho 3rd December amounted to £158 -, from the elophaut tu £8 0s 3d ; and from tho donkoy and pony to £i 3s, making- a total of £170 12s 3d. Tho gato money represented tho admission of 7820 poisons, of whom 4811 woro adults and 3018 woro children. Tho Gardens wero also visited by 1827 Publio school children, who wero accompanied by 42 teachers, making a total of 1860 froo admissions. Tho superintendent ro ported thatall tho animals in thocollcctionwcro woll. Tho following donations havo beou recoivod since tho lost monthly mooting :-Gigantio petrel, pre- sented by G. E. V. Bornouor, Waverley ; tigor cat, presented -by Master It. O. Gribbou, Potty's Hotel ¡ kangaroo rat, presented by W. Corner, Bowral ; two poacocks, prasonted by A. O. S. Fraser, Strathfield ; hawk, prosontod by W. G. M'Arthur, E. and A. S.S. Co. ; nativo bear, pro Bontod by D. Holboi-ow, Croydon ; various dona- tions of sugar-cane during the month of Novombor, ' presented by Ed. W. Knox, Colonial Sugar Rofining Company. A PRB____Ar.T meotlng of IndioB interested In tho Carrington Hospital, Camden, was hold in tho Town Hall on Wodnoadny, with tho object of forming a committoo to dovi-0 moans of increasing tlie funds of tho institution, Mrs. H. E. Garratt presided. It was doeldod to hold a pinoussion and dolls fair in aid of tho funds of tho hospital. THE monthly meeting of the St. John Ambu lance Association was held at the association's rooms, 31 York-street, yesterday. The following members were present :-Major T. S. Parrott, Major Carew-Hunt, Mrs. R. E. Roth, and Mrs. Vandeleur Kelly. The work of the association was reported to be spreading throughout the country. Letters were read from several districts where "detached classes " and branohes are being formed. Arrangements are being made by Mr. F. K. McGowan to form a branch at Armi dale. I. ON Wodnosduy and Thursday ovonings the pupils of tho Loiohhnrdt Superior Publio School gave concerts in tho looal Town nail in aid of tho prize fund. The Arbor Day Cantata was nicely rendored by tho pupils. An exhibition of sword drill was given by a number of eadots undor Cap- tain M'Manamoy, and fan drill was undertaken by somo infant pupils. The partsongs, " Tho Happy Farmor" and " Ripo Strawberrios," wera sung with good effect. Tho second part comprisod dumb-boll exorcises by the girl pupils, and a grand floral maroh. "Ajax and Hercules, " a faroical sketch was tho oonoluding item on tho programrao. Mr. A. Smith, B.A., waa oondnotor, and Mr. W. Bullock acted as aocompunist. THE fortnightly meeting of the William O'Brien Branch, No. 1, Irish National Foresters' Bonofit Sooiety, was hold at tho Shamrock Club, Goorge-stroet, on Tuosday evening. Tho D.O. Rangor Brother J. P. Kavanagh pro- sidod. Thoro .was a largo attendanoo of tho brethren. Four now members wore initiated, nnd 11 oandldates proposod for initiation on noxt mooting night. WD understand that the committee of tho Now South Wales Volunteer Firo Brigado Association having, by request, considered tho ease of tho oloo tion of seorotary of tho No. 1 Volunteer Firo Brigade, Parramatta, has rulod that tho elootlon was irregular, and recommended that it bo quoshod and another elootion hold. THE annual mooting of tho Paddington Fire Brigado was hold in tho ongino station, Oxford stroet, on Tuesday night, but on account of a Uro taking placo in Goodhopo-streot the mooting had to bo adjourned till tho next night, when tho follow- ing oSoors wore unanimously re-olootod, Aldorman O. Hollmrioh being in tho chair :-Aldorman O. Holhnrioh, prosidont ; T. K. Narthon, captain ; G. W. Roberts, flrst-lieutenant ; J. Graham, seoond-lioutenant ; G. Adamson, soorotary ; N. Johns, treasurer ; A. Danby, apparatus officer ; D. Wishart and R. Nurthon, trustees ; C. Malono and R. Bonfield, auditors. After the elootion had taken plaoo a hearty vote of thank, was oarried to Aldorman O. Hollmrioh for presiding. Tho captain complimented the ofHoers und mon for tho mannor in whioh thoy had attended to 'thoir dutlos during tho past year, and hoped that thoy would attend tho practico and fires in tho futuro as thoy had dono in tbo past. Tua Articled Clerks' Association hold a »uc-o-S ful mook trial at tho Y.M.O.A. Hall on Thursday night boforo a good andienco. Tho caso of Boyant v. Merriman woo argued at length, tho judgo boing Mr. H. A. Ruseoll ; the counsel for tho plaintiff, Messrs. M. J. Brown and R. Windeyer; counsel for défendant, Messrs. H, Halo and P. Street. TUE position of affairs in connection with the I itriko of tallon riowins 'uialtered. The «taken havo dooided not to grant a conference with the employers on the conditions laid down, but stato that thoy aro pcrfeotly willing to moot the em- ployers unconditionally to disonss tho log. Tho employers still stand by their decurión not to moot tho mon unless tho priuoiplo of freedom of contract is conceded. Tire final mooting of tho present year's Eight hour Demonstration committoo was held in tho Trades Hall last evening, whon tho secretary's roport and balance-sheet were adopted. Tho total amount of the receipts was shown to bo £4339 10s Od, and "io oxponditure amounted to £2806 16s Od. It was decided that the unions taking part in the procession should receivo £47 18s each, whioh will absorb the balaneo of £1532 10s. A MEETING of the Redfern Branch of the Labour Electoral League took place last evening in the Redfern Town Hall. Mr. MacFadyen, vice- president of the branch, occupied the chair. A motion to the effect that a sub-branch of the league be formed at North Botany was carried unanimously. It was also decided that the election of officers of the branch league (Redfern) take place at the first meeting in the new year. AT tho laBt meeting of tho Dundas Council the award mado against it by Mr. Lewis in favour of South Ward, which obtained separation from tho borough of Dundas, was considered, and, on the ndvico of tho Mayor, it was resolved to offer the Rydalmere Council tho sum of £134 7B lid in full satisfaction. This is £19 loss than tho award. AT tho lait monthly meeting of the Parramatta Benevolent Sooiety somo fresh cosos woro placed on tho list to receivo temporary relief. It was deoided to write to tho Colonial Secretary to ask whothor the sum of £350, granted for the purchase of cot- tages for a travellers' rest, could not bo applied to the purchase of other buildings than those named. In consequence of the amount of work lately per- formed by tho secretary, it was deoided to grant him a bonus of £10. Arrangoracnta were mado for granting the rcoipionta of reliof oxtra faro at Christmas tido. AN acrobat belonging to Sells Bros.' circus troop named Henry Zorella met with on accident yester- day while practising a fall from the trapeze. The distance from the trapeze to a net into which he falls is 15ft. This was accomplished successfully, but the rebound of the net was so severe as to jerk the acrobat out again, and he fell another distance of about 10ft. on to the ground, sustaining such injuries as to render necessary his immediate removal to St. Vincent's Hospital. When ad- mitted he was suffering seriously from concussion of the spinal cord. A COLLISION between a tram and a waggon took place last evening on the Botany- road. A driver named Thomas Flanagan was driving five horses attached to a waggon belonging to John Coady, carrier, of Woolloomooloo, along Botany-road in the direction of the city. Suddenly the 9.5 p.m. tram from Bridge-street came upon him and a col- lision occurred. Flanagan was thrown to the ground, and received a number of cuts and bruises to his arms and legs. He was taken to the Sydney Hospital, where his wounds were dressed. One of the horses had one of its legs broken. AMELIA RILEY, a young married woman, was charged at the Water Police Court yesterday with having attempted to commit suicide by jump- ing into the waters of the Harbour. On the 1st December accused was seen struggling in the water at the foot of Bourke-street, Woolloomooloo Bay. Two men on the ship W. H. Linton, named respectively Charles A. Rojhan and Charles D'Oran, saw the accused in the water, and they jumped overboard and rescued her. She was taken to The Bells Hotel, where Constable Mit- chell found her. He had her conveyed to the Sydney Hospital. She was admitted for treatment. Captain Fisher adjourned the case for a week, so that if the Criminal Law and Evidence Amend- ment Bill becomes law in the meantime he will, if accused so desires, be able to summarily deal with her. In tho Water Polioo Court yesterday, boforo Captain Fisher, S.M., Charles O'Neil, 00, a ciyil onginoor, aud George Samuol Hadfield, 46, bunk manugor, wcro churgod on the following informa- tion:-"That botweon the 1st Fobruary, 1890, and tho 5th November, 1891, in tho Metropolitan Huntor Distriot, in tho colony of Now South Wales, Georgo Sainuol Hadfiold, Charles Low, Walter Sydney, and Charlos O'Neil did amongst thoinsolvos conspiro to chant and dofraud Josoph Smith and othors of divors largo BumB of monoy." Dotcetivo Tyndall applied for a romand to New- castle till Tuosday noxt, and the application was granted. O'Neil was allowod bail, himself in £500 and two snrotio» in £250 each. Hadfiold did not apply for bail. Tho information was laid by Mr. L. T. Lloyd, tho official assignoo of the com- pany, on Thursday, and tho warrants woro issnod yesterday morning, both in Newoastloand in thisoity. Doteotivos Tyndall and Brown arrested O'Neil in King-Brreot, at about 11 a.m., and Hadfiold, tho lato managing direotor of tho oompany, in Hyde Park, shortly boforo 1 p.m. Our correspondent tolegrnphs that Sydnoy and Low. wore arrested in Newcnstlo during tlio morning. > IN tlio Water Police Court yesterday Franois W. Addy, ohargod witli having fraudulently appro- priated the sums of £100, £598 17s Od, and £131 5s, tho mouoys of tho British and Now South Walo8 Investment and Financial Company, was committed for trial at tho noxt Court of Quarter Sossions. The ouse for tho prosecution was that Addy appropriated theso monoys and hid tho offence by making, entries in tho booka to the ofCoot that a certain porson named Phelps had had them advanced to him by tho oompany in tho ordinary way1 of business. IN the Water Polioo Court yosterdny, beforo Captain Fisher, S.M., Alfred AV_Uara Croft was ohargod with having ombozzlod the sum of £35 8s, tho monoy of tho bankrupt estate of Andrew Graham, of Gisborne, Now Zonland. Dotootivo Gouldor doposod to orrcsting Croft on tho night of tho 19th November in a hooso in Bourke-strcot, hy virtuo of a provisional warrant. Constablo A. PrcddoU, of Now Zealand, applied for tho remand of the accused to Gisborno, New Zealand. Croft was remanded accordingly. Au ontertainment was givon by the girls of the West Redfern Fublio School in tho local Town Hall on Thursday ovening. Mr. G. H. Howe, Mayor of Redfern, presided. A cantntn, "The Coming of tho Flowers," and the " Fan March," wore the features of the ovoning. Tho boys of tho tohool gavo an exhibition of physical drill. Miss B. Hobbs noted as accompanist. TnB centenary of Mozart's doath will bo ockf bratod this ovening by tho spooial porfonnanoo of selections from tho groat master's works, on " the largest organ in tho world." Mr. Wiogaud has been happily inspired in the matter, nnd the Mayor and counoil having given oordial co- operation, tho "Mozart programmo," whioh recalls the genius who did so muoh in tho 36 years of his too short life, should attract orowds of amateurs to tho Centennial Hall to-night. As the programmo is advortásod olsewhore, it only romains to add that tho usual popular prices will prevail as heretofore. " EvANOEiiiN- " continues to pursue the even tenor of its way nt tho Theatre Royal, whoro the scoiio in Avhich Catherine pins Lo Blano's littlo foot to tho earth with hor own substantial weight Avns roccivod with roars of laughter last night. Tho amusing danoo by that intelligent member of the cast tho Hoifor was oncorod, and Miss Liddiard and Miss Earle gained applause for thou singing and noting as Evnngolino and Gabriel respectively. Mr. Rico's popular burlesque will bo porformod by the M'Mahoa American Burlosquo Company, under tho composer's baton, until furthor notice. AT Hor Majesty's Theatre "Youth" was wit- nessed last night by a considerable audionoo, whioh included Lord Shofflold and the amateur members of tho English oriokotdng toam. The failure to idontify the escapod oonviot whilst on parado with tho troops preparing to ombark for tlio Souduu rousod the house to enthusiasm, and tlio drama as a wholo went briskly. This evoning has boon ohoson by Mr. Rlgnold _"Souvonir Night, " on thosystem hitherto udoptod, by whioh ovory porson Avho pays at the door will havo a chanco of drawing a gold chronometer valued at £20. In order to commemorate the prevailing dulness in thoatrioal matters, Mr. Rlgnold has humorously engraved upon tho watch tho couplet boginning " Tho times oro out of joint, oh oursod spito," _o. TUB Brough-Bonoloault Oomody Company closed its season at the Criterion Theatre lost night to a largo audienoo, and " The Piokpookot," whioh has proved a suoooss in spite of the prevail- ing dulness, wns received with continuous luughter. Copitally acted by all oonoerned ia "The Piokpooket," nnd Sydnoy plny goors, who ospeolnlly »pprcolato Mr. Bouol canlt's whimsical acting as Andrew, will retain pleasant reooUeotions of the revival. During tho last few nights, owing to the ubsonoo of Mr. Tithoradge, who was called to Molbourno on business, the namo-part has benn oroditably played hy Mr. Chioh"tor. To-day Mr. Bouoioault, Mr. Alexander Ma-io, and nearly all the members of tlio oompany will «ail for Molbourno by tho Adelaide, where on Saturday next " Led Astray " -ill U rroduoed at tho Bijou TUoatre. Tb» pria-1 cipal chango in tho cast will bo tho first nppear anco in tho pioco of Miss Patty Browno as Mathilde. Miss E. Romer loaves for Molbourno overland on Monday, and Miss Mario FrasorV doparturo has been doloyed until Tuesday, when sho sails by tho Aramac with Mrs. Fraser. Tm. Juvenile Opera Company will open its soasou at tho Criterion Theatre this ovoning undor Mr. J. 0. Williamson's direction, whon " Tho Mikado " will bo stagod with now drosses, now scenery, and an increased orohostra oonduotod by Mr. Goorgo Hall. Tho full oast of tho now combi- nation formed by Mr. Tom Pollard is as follows : Tho Mikado of Japan, Master J. Farrell; Nanki Poo (his son, disguisod as a wandering minstrel), Miss M. Mitchell; Ko-Ko (Lord High Exoou tionor of Titipu), Master Alf. Stephons ; Pooh Bah (Lord High Evorythingolso), Master W. Percy ; Pish-Tush (n noblo lord), Master H. I Qucoly ; Yum-Yum, Pitti-Sing, Poop-Bo (three sisters, wards of Ko-Ko), Miss Edith Zoiglor, Miss Lily Stephens, and Miss Nollio Wilson; Katisha (an oldorly lady in lovo with NanM- Poo), Miss Flo. Russell. "Jo "will bo porformod again at tho Garriok Theatro by Miss Jennie Loo this ovoning, tho in- creased attendance last night, whon tho dross oirolo was well filled, supporting tho netross in her intention of repeating hor world-famous imperson- ation. On Monday Miss Loo will revivo, for five nights only, " Tho Grasshopper." This bright comedy, which has boen adapted from tho Fronoh by MM. Moilhao and Halovy, will ro-introduco Miss Loo in ono of hor most vivacious oharacters as tho merry little circus rider whoso elevation to aristocralio society undor tho titlo of Lady Ernestine Topsawyer is tho cause of so many ridloulous escapades. Mr. J. P. Burnett will oppoar once moro in his original oharactor as FygmaÜon Flip pit, tho artist, and thoso . famUiar characters M'Alister, the Scotch landlord, tho Showman, the Clown, and tho lordly Bogland, will bo represented by tho prinoipal mombors of Messrs. Hisoocks and Wilson's Drainutio Company. " Tho Grass- hopper," it will bo remembered, admits of tho introduction of songs and dances, and Miss Loo will accordingly sing somo Borio-comi. ditties. On Saturday evening next ' a sooson of burlesque will bo initiated hy the Coghill Brothers' Comedy and Burlosquo Company. Tho now organisation includes amongst its 50 porformors many popular artists, and tho production of the now pioco, " Ha_lo Kirk," on Saturday night should provo of interest. Tho box plau for tho abovo is now open at Nioholson's. TITE representation of tho " Battlo of Gettys- burg" at tho Oyolorama in George-street main- tains its placo os a prominent fouturo of publio attraotion. Tho daily averago attendance during tho week has boon highly satisfactory to tho pro- prietors. S_L_s's mammoth oirous is undoubtedly tho most popular entertainment of the hour. Each per- formance is attended by thousands of spectators, who find in tho succession of epootaoles nnd hippo dromo acts a great source of amusement. The preliminary pageant, introducing tho wonders and wealth of tho show, is but tho first of a kaloidoscopio serios of performances to which tho eyo is» nttraotod for a period of two hours. Although tho proprietors aro still compollod to eliminnte all tbo equestrian nets, tho loss is hardly experienced by tho visitors, seeing that so many other attractions aro put forward. Tho exhibitions of tho gymnasts, equilibrists, bioyclo riders, the troops of Arabs, and Japanoso aro perfect of thoir kind, mid aro well worth witnessing ; and tho clowns and tho performing olophants aro really mirth-provoking. Tho performances will bo con- tinued to-day, and will terminate on Wednesday noxt. Mas. RunrvEîî's annual pupils' concert was given at tho Y. M. 0. A. Hall last night, whon in spite of the Bultry weather tho «pretty ohninber was donsely crowdod. A Booro of vocal and instrumental piocos woro performed by tho pupils, and the programmo was agrooably varied by work whioh could bo valued for its own sako, 'apart from tho interest taken in tho porformor. This was tbo caso with Mrs. Rutlivon's pleasant rondoring of "Tho King's Mossongor" ; with Mrs. J. Tumor's singing of " Thoughts and Tears " (Hopo Templo), whoroin tho froBh soprano tones gave sympathetic interest to tho vorao ; and with Mr. W. Alderson's popular interpretation of tho samo composer's ballad, "Fond hoart, fare- well." Aa au onooro tho baritono-tonor gave an ofleotivo rendering of " Tho Winds that Waft my Sighs to Thoo." Miss Graco Hall accompanied tho singors with tact. During tho ovoning Mrs. Rnthvon was tho rooljupnt of two handsomo brooohos from hor pupils, ono a plain gold bar, tho othor a musical dovioo suitablo to tho occasion.-At tho oloso of tho concorttho prizes for tho year wero distributed by tho Baroness do Miklouho Maoloy, at whoso hands Miss Pationco Carey recoivod tho covoted gold, modal, whilst Miss Mabol Wiltshire was' awarded tho silver modal. Tho proceedings in connootion with tho prizo distribu- - tion woro marked by much onthuBinsra and-ordial feeling. . i .. TIIE attendances at tho onte'rtainmonts o^ tho Vaudovillo Minstrel nnd Specialty Company at tho Behool of Arts continuo as largo as over, notwith- standing' the foot that tho company has boon playing nightly at this placo of amusement for 12 months. Tho withdrawal of tho olio portion of tho programmo and tho substitution of burlosquo | has proved a groat attraction, and» tho'manage- ment, encouraged, by 'tno groat suooosa of tho altorationpias dooided to continno tho burlosquo sonson, and to-night will produce " Cinderella." A matinée porformanco. will, bo giyor^this after- noon. ,A» "r '-' Tin. entertainment at tho Alhambra Musio Hall has Bocurod tho Interest of tho publio throughout tho ¡week. On Monday night tho programmo will bo ohangod. THE now Bondi Aquarium, now that it is com- plete, offers special attractions for tilia afternoon, Tho boautif ni gardons, tho switehback railway, and nil tho other outside amusement-, as well as tho lately oponed aquarium, with ita stook of fish and cspooially arranged caves, all combino to ontioo patronage. In addition to thoso aids to onjoymont a dramatio and musical entertainment i» promised. WE havo reooivod tho Dooombar number of " Skinner's Now South Wales Gazetteer," whioh noxt mouth enters upon tho sixtoonth year of pub- lication. It contains tito usual information pro son tod in a compaot form. IT is probablo (says tho Argun) that apart from tho proposal to construct tho throo short linos of railway from Korumburra, on tho Great Southern lino, to tho Coal Crook, Stro-lcolrio, and Jumbunna ooal minos, thero will bo no railway oonstniotion bill brought boforo Parliamont this Bossion. It was originally intendod by tho Government that tho dlaouBsion which it was supposod would tnlto plooo on tho first gonoral report of tho Parlia- mentary Standing Committoo on Railways should sorvo as a guide to tho boat policy to pursuo in regard to futuro railway construction, and it was oontomplntod that a bill on tho subject should bo immediately uftorwards brought forward. Tho re- port of tho Railways Committeo having boon put on ono sido without tho donired indication boing given, it is forenoon that any proposal whioh is inado must introduco a long general disoussion. Such a debate would provont tho session being closed within a roasonnblo timo, bosidos boing practically nsoloss in viow of tho want of tho re- quisito funds to carry on works. Tho Treasurer has no monoy to »paro for tho construction of now lines, and Buch works would havo to wait until borrowed money was nvallablo. Thoro is llttlo ohanoo of tho £2,000,000 comprising tho first in- stalment of tho £0,000,000 loan being xaisod im- mediately, so that nothing will bo lost by postponing tho consideration of tho matter until tho now Parliament moots. Mombors of tho Cabinet havo not yet considered tho 9ubjoot, but it is understood that thiB is tho viow whioh will bo placed boforo thom by tho Treosreror. In con- nection with tho difflonlty willoh lias ariflon (says tho Argm) regarding tho site of tho proposed lighthouso, to bo erected at tho joint oxponso of tho Victorian and Now Zealand Govorniiionte on tho group of islands known as " Tho Snares," tho offloial oorroBpondonco on tho subject was roferrod by tho CommlBSlonor of Customs to tho Chnmbor of Commoroo, and a sub-oommitteo appointed to eonsidor tho question havo now issuod thoir report. Thoir dooision is ontlroly ndvorso to tho site solootod, tho basis of objection boing that its great olovatlon, 6-lift., would render it llablo to bo obsured in foggy weather. Tho sub- committeo would offer no objootion to a site suggested on outlying rooks about four milos distant from tho main Island, providing a powerful fog signal woro pro vidod. Tho committoo offor tbo opinion that tho only conrso possiblo' is to rocommond tho Ni-jy Zealand Government to stay tho preparation of tfó site until tho quostion has hoon reoonsidorod by tho exporta of tho oolonios intorostod. Much of tho ooal hlthorto supplied to tho Railway Doportmont has boon dollvorod («ays tho Argue) at Wodonga from tho oolliorios oí New South Wales botwoon Albury and Sydney. Tho CoinmiBslonors havo ascertained that tho rotrenohmonji in working ox penso« whioh Is continually advocated in Parlia- ment «» be a_l_ted by _i-0ont__ln_ this tomoo of I supply, and tho cdiot has consequently gono forth that no moro supplies of fuol to bo delivered at Wodonga will bo aoooptod. It has boon found ohoapor to import the coal from Nowcastlo to Mel- bourne, ami convoy it on Viotorian íailwoys to tho spot whore .it is needed, than to pay for f roight from tho collieries of Lithgow and Bulli to Wodonga. THE following is thoordorof musical servicos at St. Androw'B Cathedral on Sunday :-Morning : Bonodicito; anthom, "But tho Lord is mindful " JMondolssohn). Afternoon: Magnificat, Winchester in F: anthem, "Tho Lord is loving" (Garrett); Litany (Tallis). IN several of the Anglican churchos of tho diocoso of Sydnoy sermons aro to bo preached and collections mado to-morrow on behalf of the Church Society. REV. GEOIKIE AVALTEHS announces a locturo on " Tho Ideal of AYomanliood." 