Echoes from the Eáchmond.1 WHAT the " unco gnld " of Ballina must have raftered on Saturday last can soaroely be imagined. Fiona people who hare still kept up some kind of outward respect for appearances, and have " remem- bered the Sabbath," etc., must have felt a painful sensation as they saw that smart little tag-boat, the Protector, steaming np the river, not under canvas, bat ander a gorgeous display of banting, with more than two hundred excursionists on board. As a matter of fact, the impious people who confided themselves to the care of Captain FENWICK and offioera were simply going to Riley's HUI. Kiley's Hill is a commonplace kind of a name, and is not halt aa suggestive of perdition as it might have been under the circumstances. IT is full of significance, however, to people living at Ballina. Riley's Hill ia the chief souroe of supply for the stone that is being need in forming the training wall. En parenthite, it may be said that finer stone could be found nowhere in the colony. It would be too muoh to say that all the people who travelled by the Proteotor were geolo- gists, but it may be said without contradiction that they all displayed an immense amount of interest in the land surrounding the wharf. They also exhibited a touching amount of modesty aa far os individual judgment was concerned, inasmuoh aB they went in pairs. They were thus enabled to compare notes. More than two hundred people en fete must-hove mode the "oldest inhabitant" in the shape of a native bear, fool as if the end of the world was close at hand. A YOUNO DIVINE who has recently been inducted, made the trip of the Lismore boat a epeolal subject for a sermon, in which he pointed out the enormity of Sunday exoursionB. In auch weather os we are enjoying-with a query-it seemed inconceivable to him-that people should prefer to sit on a boat, with the fresh breeze blowing, to sweltering in church, where every other mon in the congregation had a cascade of perspiration running down into his Bhirt collar. So much for individual taste I The reverend gentleman also expressed a wiBh that there might be a publio park where people might sit and " meditate " for an hour or two. The ideal picture of people " meditating " in a publia park is almoBt too delightful. AB the Proteotor, with her big freight of humanity, drew up to the wharf, another of Captain FEN- WICK'S boats steamed down from Lismore. She had a mere handful on boord, a circumstance whioh can only be explained on grounds whioh it would be ungenerous to the people of the " queen oity" to explain in plain terms. Probably, how- ever-this is a charitable hypothesis-the people of Lismore had a foreknowledge that the iniquity of Sunday exoursionB was to be dealt with in the pulpits daring the evening. They have a great regard for the proprieties in Lismore, The clergy- men of the different ohurohea oomplain that the attendance of worshippers is very Btnnll, bat the majority of people are unanimous in one religious function. They make Sunday aa dull aa possible in the most orthodox manner. I HAVE referred in previous Eohoes to the way in whioh the most serious charges are being brought in the polioe courts, and another instance ooonrred at Ballina on Friday last, when a half casto waa charged with indecently assaulting a child. The evidenoe disclosed nothing to implicate the yonng fellow-a mere boy-as far as the serious charge was concerned, and the Police Magistrate rednoed the oharge to one of common assault. Had tho original charge been worked up, the accused would probably have hod an experience of one of Her Majesty's' gaols. Fortunately for him, as for several others lately, the P.M. has taken a common sense view of mattera. S AT Ulm AY. lost was a great day at Byron Bay, when the "ghost walked.". As that theatrical term may not bo perfeotly olear to all your readers, it may be as well to explain that it means that the paymaster waa around. Things wore lively in conséquence, and a number of navvies thirsted for eaoh other's gore. There ia one constable at the Bay, but what he can do with a horde of navvies ia a problem whioh he certainly conld not aol ve. However, by looking on in a helpless way-he oan do little but look on-he may learn a few useful " wrinkles" in the art of punching whioh may como in as useful acquirements on an emergency. TUE accommodation at the Bay ia simply-well, perhapB, it would be aa well to nae another word in preference to accommodation. Several auctioneers, the 8. M. Herald, pressman, and others were com- pelled to find lodgings in neighbouring homesteads on Saturday last, or retnrn to their homes through the scrub. Slight off ort at extra accommodation is mode by the licensee of the only hotel, and the completion of the additional hostelry is looked forward to with considerable impatience by those who have business at the Bay. A Bia land sale will be held at Mullumbimby early in January. Of course, it is claimed that that particular spot is the one destined to rank foremost in this port of tho colony. Leaving all high-falutin apart, however, there can be no doubt that the distriot around Mullumbimby (on the Brunswick) is a splendid tract of oountry where sugar-cane cultivation is certain to be a snocesB. It is noticeable that Byron Bay is made a special feature in the advertisement. What the enthus- iasts will think of this may be easily imagined. THE Solomons of the Lismore Counoil have had ponderous deliberations about the suggested schemes of sewerage for the town, but they have not decided upon anything. In the meantime, the inhabitants are suffering from a wretched condition of negligence in sanitary matters, whioh would bring discredit apon a bush township, The horrors that some people have undergone would not bear description in tho Press. Protests are made directly and through the Press, but-voila tout !. Nothing comes of vhem. THE Lismore A. and I, Sooiety has given an early intimation as to .the new and important features whioh will distinguish ita next Exhibition. Since the secretaryship hos been placed , in younger nanda a great deal of-epirit has been infused into the Sooiety'B business. Bational alterations in the schedule have been made, and the prizeB in olasses appropriate to the district have been considerably raised in value,-December 12th. 